The Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs Utility Menu For Students For the Press About Subscribe Contact Us Directory menu Main navigation (extended config) Research Experts Programs & Projects Fellowships Events All Research Experts Programs & Projects Fellowships Events Publications Analysis & Opinions Articles Blogs Books News & Announcements Newsletters Policy Briefs & Testimonies Presentations & Speeches Reports & Papers Round-Ups Quarterly Journal: International Security Topics Artificial Intelligence Conflict & Conflict Resolution Coronavirus Economics & Global Affairs Energy Environment & Climate Change Governance International Relations International Security & Defense Nuclear Issues Science & Technology Student Publications War in Ukraine Regions Africa Asia & the Pacific Europe Middle East & North Africa North America Russia South America South Asia Multimedia Audio Infographics & Charts Maps Photo Video US-Russian Contention in Cyberspace The overarching question imparting urgency to this exploration is: Can U.S.-Russian contention in cyberspace cause the two nuclear superpowers to stumble into war? In considering this question we were constantly reminded of recent comments by a prominent U.S. arms control expert: At least as dangerous as the risk of an actual cyberattack, he observed, is cyber operations’ “blurring of the line between peace and war.” Or, as Nye wrote, “in the cyber realm, the difference between a weapon and a non-weapon may come down to a single line of code, or simply the intent of a computer program’s user.” Adobe Stock The Geopolitics of Renewable Hydrogen Renewables are widely perceived as an opportunity to shatter the hegemony of fossil fuel-rich states and democratize the energy landscape. Virtually all countries have access to some renewable energy resources (especially solar and wind power) and could thus substitute foreign supply with local resources. Our research shows, however, that the role countries are likely to assume in decarbonized energy systems will be based not only on their resource endowment but also on their policy choices. AP/Andrew Harnik, File What Comes After the Forever Wars As the United States emerges from the era of so-called forever wars, it should abandon the regime change business for good. Then, Washington must understand why it failed, writes Stephen Walt. Telling Black Stories: What We All Can Do Full event video and after-event thoughts from the panelists. Programs Defense, Emerging Technology, and Strategy Diplomacy and International Politics Environment and Natural Resources International Security Science, Technology, and Public Policy Projects Africa Futures Project Applied History Project Arctic Initiative Asia-Pacific Initiative Cyber Project Defending Digital Democracy Defense Project Economic Diplomacy Initiative Future of Diplomacy Project Geopolitics of Energy Project Harvard Project on Climate Agreements Homeland Security Project Intelligence Project Korea Project Managing the Atom Middle East Initiative Project on Europe and the Transatlantic Relationship Security and Global Health Technology and Public Purpose US-Russia Initiative to Prevent Nuclear Terrorism Special Initiatives American Secretaries of State An Economic View of the Environment Cuban Missile Crisis Elbe Group Russia Matters Thucydides's Trap Homepage Adobe StockDangerous Folly to End U.S.–China Science PactWith renewal of the U.S.-China science pact still on hold, there is too much talk about the risks of collaboration and too little about the benefits, said John P. Holdren.Read MoreAdobe Stock In the Spotlight Homepage AP Photo/Alexander Zemlianichenko‘The Most Intense Set of Nuclear Dangers That Have Existed in My Adult Life’Matthew BunnWe don't know what the Russians may be developing, but we need to make sure our satellite capabilities are highly resilient.AP PhotoHow Technoscientific Knowledge Advances: A Bell-Labs-Inspired ArchitectureVenkatesh "Venky" NarayanamurtiJeffrey Y. TsaoA new architecture for how technoscientific knowledge maps to actual research and development.Roscosmos space corporation via APRecent Events Raise Questions About the Role of Space in Global PoliticsFrancesca GiovanniniIf Russia places a nuclear device in space it could affect many countries’ satellites, including Russia’s partners. Meet Our Experts Anatol Klass An Uyghur Chieftain in China's Civil War 'China Marching with India': India's Cold War Advocacy for the People's Republic of China at the United Nations, 1949–1971 The Real Risk of the China Select Committee Angela Chesler Economic Incentives for Coastal Homeowner Adaptation to Climate Change Is Democracy the Answer to Intractable Climate Change? Eric Rosenbach Biosecurity in the Age of AI: What’s the Risk? Advancing in Adversity: Ukraine’s Battlefield Technologies and Lessons for the U.S. Ukraine-NATO Primer: Membership Options Following the 2023 Annual Summit More Experts Featured Events Seminar • Open to the PublicAI Cyber Lunch: "Great Power Competition in Cyberspace"Wed, Mar 6, 2024 | 12:00pm Seminar • Harvard Faculty, Fellows, Staff, and StudentsBelfer Briefings on Europe | Portugal in the EU: Growth, Elections, and ScandalsWed, Mar 6, 2024 | 3:00pm Seminar • Harvard Faculty, Fellows, Staff, and StudentsA Conversation with Dalal Saeb IriqatThu, Mar 7, 2024 | 12:00pm More Events Most Viewed Inside the Middle East: Q&A with Marwan Muasher Bennett Craig Event Video: Zohra Drif on Her Memoir "Inside the Ba… Inside the Middle East Q&A Inside the Middle East Q&A: Bruce Rutherford on Democracy and Islamis… International Security International Security ResearchRSS AP/Emilio Morenatti The Top Five Lessons From Year One of Ukraine's War Stephen Walt enumerates five lessons that leaders and publics around the world might learn after a year of war in Ukraine. AP/Jacquelyn Martin, File Pro-democracy Organizing against Autocracy in the United States: A Strategic Assessment & Recommendations Authors: Erica Chenoweth Zoe Marks NASA Small Satellites, Big Data: Uncovering the Invisible in Maritime Security Authors: Saadia Pekkanen Setsuko Aoki John Mittleman AP Photo 50 Years Later, The Legacy of The Paris Peace Accords Isn't One of Peace Author: Fredrik Logevall International Security Experts Stephen M. Walt Robert and Renée Belfer Professor of International Affairs; Faculty Chair, International Security Program; Member of the Board, Belfer Center; Faculty Affiliate, Future of Diplomacy Project; Faculty Affiliate, Middle East Initiative Erica Chenoweth Academic Dean for Faculty Engagement, Harvard Kennedy School; Frank Stanton Professor of the First Amendment, Harvard Kennedy School; Susan S. and Kenneth L. Wallach Professor, Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study; Member of the Board, Belfer Center Jacqueline L. Hazelton Executive Editor, International Security Journal; Former Associate, International Security Program, 2000–February 2022; Former Research Fellow, International Security Program, 2009–2011 Diplomacy Diplomacy ResearchRSS Q&A with Desirée Cormier Smith In honor of International Women's Day and U.S. Women's History Month, Erika Manouselis, Manager of the Future of Diplomacy Project, spoke with Desirée Cormier Smith, the U.S. State Department’s first ever Special Representative for Racial Equity and Justice. Ukraine's Foreign Minister Shares Insights on the War and Ukrainian Determination AP Photo/Hani Mohammed Significance of the Iran-Saudi Arabia Agreement Brokered by China Authors: Stephen M. Walt Michael Miner Karen Elliott House Joseph S. Nye Grant Golub Peyman Asadzade Mohammed Alyahya Daniel Sobelman Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya on Belarusian Freedom and the War in Ukraine Author: Svenja Kirsch Diplomacy Experts Juliette Kayyem Member of the Board, Belfer Center; Belfer Senior Lecturer in International Security, Harvard Kennedy School; Faculty Director, Homeland Security Project; Faculty Affiliate, Middle East Initiative Tarek Masoud Ford Foundation Professor of Democracy and Governance; Faculty Chair, Middle East Initiative; Member of the Board, Belfer Center Calder Walton Assistant Director for Research, Intelligence Project; Assistant Director, Applied History Project Energy & Environment Energy & Environment ResearchRSS Nadezhda Filimonova HKS Arctic Initiative Response: Priorities for Norway’s Chairship of the Arctic Council On March 31 at the Arctic Encounter Symposium in Anchorage, Alaska, the government of Norway presented its program for Norway’s upcoming Chairship of the Arctic Council. In response, John Holdren, Co-Director of the Arctic Initiative at Harvard Kennedy School’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, issued the following statement of support. AP Photo/Martin Meissner Green Hydrogen Industrial Value Chains: Geopolitical and Market Implications Authors: Nicola De Blasio Laima Eicke AP Photo/David Goldman The Persistent Consequences of the Energy Transition in Appalachia’s Coal Country Author: Eleanor Krause AP Photo/Gerald Herbert Progress on Carbon Capture, Utilization, and Storage Is Good News Author: Mohammed Al-Juaied Energy & Environment Experts William C. Clark Member of the Board, Belfer Center ; Harvey Brooks Professor of International Science, Public Policy, and Human Development; Area Chair, HKS International and Global Affairs John P. Holdren Teresa and John Heinz Research Professor of Environmental Policy, Harvard Kennedy School; Co-Director, Science, Technology and Public Policy Program; Member of the Board, Belfer Center; President Obama's Science Advisor and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (January 2009 – January 2017) Matthew Bunn James R. Schlesinger Professor of the Practice of Energy, National Security, and Foreign Policy ; Co-Principal Investigator, Project on Managing the Atom; Member of the Board, Belfer Center Science & Technology Science & Technology ResearchRSS AP/Jeff Chiu, File Reactions to the Leak of Classified Military Intelligence Documents Belfer Center experts on security, intelligence, and cybersecurity issues were interviewed on the recent leak of classified military intelligence documents allegedly by Airman Jack Teixeira. AP Photo/Phil Sears How AI Could Write Our Laws Authors: Nathan Sanders Bruce Schneier AP Photo/Michael Dwyer We Must Sustain America’s Big Tech Engines of Innovation Authors: Venkatesh "Venky" Narayanamurti Steven C. Currall WIRED staff/Getty Images Brace Yourself for a Tidal Wave of ChatGPT Email Scams Authors: Bruce Schneier Barath Raghavan Science & Technology Experts Joel Clement Former Senior Fellow, Arctic Initiative Nadezhda Filimonova Postdoctoral Research Fellow, Arctic Initiative Cathy O'Neil Program Fellow, Science, Technology, and Public Policy Program Alumni in Action Benn Craig/Belfer Center Leading Nonproliferation Efforts A Managing the Atom and the International Security Program alumna, Bonnie Jenkins is now Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs. AP Photo/Tsering Topgyal A Historic Moment Belfer Center Senior Fellow Richard Verma has officially become the highest-ranked Indian-American diplomat in United States history Benn Craig/Belfer Center Dedicated to Public Service Currently on public service leave from HKS, Nicholas Burns is the U.S. Ambassador to the People's Republic of China. Benn Craig/Belfer Center Making History in the State Department Wendy R. Sherman was confirmed by the Senate on April 13, 2021 and sworn in as the 21st and first female Deputy Secretary of State on April 14, 2021. More Alumni in Action Belfer Center Email Updates Social Media LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Facebook Soundcloud RSS 79 John F. Kennedy Street, Cambridge, MA 02138Locations & Directions Footer - external links Harvard Kennedy School of Government Harvard University Privacy PolicyHarvard Accessibility Policy | Harvard Digital Accessibility Policy | Copyright © 2023 The President and Fellows of Harvard College Main navigation (extended config) Research Experts Programs & Projects Fellowships Events Utility Menu For Students For the Press About Subscribe Contact Us Directory Belfer Center Email Updates Social Media LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Facebook Soundcloud RSS Mobile Menu - info links Privacy Policy Kennedy School of Government Harvard University Location & Directions Belfer Center of Science and International Affairs 79 John F. Kennedy Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 (617) 495-1400