Innocence Project A monthly gift of $15, $25, or even $30 will help us go even further in 2024. Pledge monthly today! Our Work Overview Restoring Freedom Transforming Systems Advancing the Movement Our Impact: By the Numbers Issues Overview Coerced Pleas Eyewitness Misidentification False Confessions Harmful Surveillance and Investigative Technologies Inadequate Defense Innocence and the Death Penalty Misapplication of Forensic Science Official Misconduct Race and Wrongful Conviction Unreliable and Unregulated Informants Cases News All Articles Media Room Take Action Overview Sign Petitions Volunteer Shop Ways to Give Speakers Bureau Request Representation About Overview Our Team Careers Contact Search Close Español Donate Donate Once Donate Monthly Champions of Innocence Other Ways to Give Our Work Overview Restoring Freedom Transforming Systems Advancing the Movement Our Impact: By the Numbers Issues Overview Coerced Pleas Eyewitness Misidentification False Confessions Harmful Surveillance and Investigative Technologies Inadequate Defense Innocence and the Death Penalty Misapplication of Forensic Science Official Misconduct Race and Wrongful Conviction Unreliable and Unregulated Informants Cases News All Articles Media Room Take Action Overview Sign Petitions Volunteer Shop Ways to Give Speakers Bureau Request Representation About Overview Our Team Careers Contact Español Your browser does not support the video tag. We work to free the innocent, prevent wrongful convictions, and create fair, compassionate, and equitable systems of justice for everyone. We work to free the innocent, prevent wrongful convictions, and create fair, compassionate, and equitable systems of justice for everyone. Valentine's Day After 30 Years of Wrongful Incarceration, Perry Lott Is Ready to Love Again “I’ve come through a lot of things. And after all of those victories I would hate to pass away not having any of that mean anything to anyone.” Read More Artificial Intelligence Is Putting Innocent People at Risk of Being Incarcerated Justice Delayed Is Democracy Denied Op-Ed Op-Ed Highlights Statement on Developments in the Scott Peterson Case On January 18, the Los Angeles Innocence Project filed motions seeking DNA testing and post-conviction discovery on behalf of its client, Scott Peterson. Any and all inquiries about Mr. Peterson’s case should be directed to the Los Angeles Innocence Project, a non-profit organization wholly independent of the Innocence Project. Who Is Marcellus Williams: Man Facing Execution in Missouri Despite DNA Evidence Supporting Innocence DNA evidence not available at the time of Mr. Williams’ trial proves his innocence, but has not been considered in court. Rosa Jimenez Exonerated and in Need of a Life-saving Kidney Rosa is just 41, endured nearly 20 years wrongly incarcerated, and desperately needs a live donor so she can get a kidney transplant. Why do wrongful convictions happen? Eyewitness Misidentification Misapplication of Forensic Science False Confessions Official Misconduct Coerced Pleas See More Causes Learn About Our Work Request Representation Should you need legal assistance, please review our guidelines for submitting your case. Please note that we are not equipped to handle case applications or inquiries by email or over the phone. Learn More We’ve helped free more than 240 innocent people from prison. Our Impact About Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers Ways to Give Financials Request Representation Donate The Innocence Project is affiliated with Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, Yeshiva University. Join a movement of 1,000,000+ supporters on a mission toward criminal justice reform. Please fill in a valid value for all required fields Please ensure all values are in a proper format. Are you sure you want to leave this form and resume later? Are you sure you want to leave this form and resume later? If so, please enter a password below to securely save your form. Save and Resume Later Save and get link You must upload one of the following file types for the selected field: There was an error displaying the form. Please copy and paste the embed code again. Apply Discount You saved with code Submit Form Submitting Validating There was an error initializing the payment processor on this form. Please contact the form owner to correct this issue. Please check the field: Fields This field is required. This field is required. This field is required. This field is required. True Value Previous← Next→ Join Now You'll receive emails with ways you can help prevent wrongful convictions. By entering your phone number, you consent to receive periodic text messages from the Innocence Project. 40 Worth Street, Suite 701, New York, NY 10013 212.364.5340 | info@innocenceproject.org © 2024 Innocence Project. All Rights Reserved. Website by Madeo Book a speaker 212.364.5384 close Book a speaker