Habitat for Humanity Skip to main content Logo CLOSE ALL Volunteer Volunteer Near you Find your local Habitat Women Build Home Preservation Veterans Build Youth Programs Travel & build Global Village RV Care-A-Vanners Collegiate Challenge Habitat and Thrivent Long-term service International United States AmeriCorps Disaster Corps Group opportunities Business partners Faith partners Community organizations Build events Carter Work Project AmeriCorps Build-a-Thon World Habitat Day Advocate Advocate United States International Support Support Donate now One time donations Monthly donations Honor and memorial gifts Gift catalog Donate items Goods and materials Donate your car Partnerships Workplace giving Corporate giving Gifts-in-kind partnerships Cause marketing Planned giving Stock donations Donor-advised funds Case for support Shop Shop Habitat ReStores Habitat-branded merchandise Our work Our work Overview Home construction Older adults' home repair Revitalizing communities Disaster response Innovation Impact and stories Where we work Live stream events Housing help Housing help How to apply Habitat homeowners About About What we do Frequently asked questions Mission and vision Who we are History Leadership Partners Resources Annual Reports and 990s Habitat Learns State support organizations Raising concerns Careers Newsroom Search habitat.org Donate Donate Now Donate Monthly Menu Make your GivingTuesday gift today to help a family build a home and a future! Give Now Close It's our 2024 Spring Challenge! Double your impact by April 15. Donate now We build strength, stability and self-reliance through shelter. Habitat for Humanity is a nonprofit organization that helps families build and improve places to call home. We believe affordable housing plays a critical role in strong and stable communities. Learn about our work Find your local Habitat Find your local Habitat Find a Habitat near you to volunteer, shop at a Habitat ReStore and more. Search now Donate Families who partner with us build their own homes alongside volunteers, pay an affordable mortgage and are grateful for your help. Donate 2024 Spring Challenge ends April 15! Donate now Our advocacy wins: 300+ policy successes Discover more Subscribe Subscribe Sign up for our monthly newsletter to get the latest news, volunteer opportunities, DIY tips and other ways to get involved with Habitat for Humanity. Habitat features Neighbors build community through multifamily homes Brenda and Heidi were both searching for healthy homes where they could pay an affordable mortgage, and they found them in Habitat Midland’s multifamily community. Now the two women live in sustainable homes built with the support of Habitat and DuPont where they can feel safe and secure. Read more Habitat for Humanity’s highlights from the World Economic Forum Leading experts, international organizations, over 100 governments and more gathered in Davos, Switzerland, for the World Economic Forum’s 2024 annual meeting this January. Habitat CEO Jonathan Reckford attended to give affordable housing a seat at the table. Read more Advocating for equitable land use across the U.S. Habitat affiliates are successfully reshaping discriminatory land and zoning policies to create more affordable homes and more equitable opportunities in their communities. Watch our video to learn how Habitat works on housing advocacy every day to drive equity. Watch now Advancing Black Homeownership Habitat for Humanity’s vision is a world where everyone has a decent place to live, but a structure of intentional and systemic racial discrimination in the U.S. has created barriers to homeownership for many Black families. Learn more Rosalynn Carter’s impact on Habitat Look back on Mrs. Carter’s extraordinary legacy and hands-on commitment to Habitat’s mission. Read stories Giving thanks to our supporters Enjoy this special video message from our CEO and a few Habitat homeowners. Thank you for partnering with us to build homes, communities and hope! Watch video Carter Work Projects through the years Since 1984, President and Mrs. Carter have been building and advocating for affordable housing alongside Habitat for Humanity for over 30 years. Journey through the incredible legacy of Carter Work Projects! Learn more 2023: Catalyzing communities for global solutions In fiscal year 2023, we helped 13.4 million people build or improve a place to call home. Take a look through our interactive annual report celebrating the impact our work has made in communities around the world over the past year. Learn more Habitat Humanitarians: The Carters Since 1984, President and Mrs. Carter have been champions and groudbreaking voices for affordable, decent housing for all, donating their time and leadership each year to build and improve homes through Habitat’s Carter Work Project. Read more The value of volunteering Research has shown that volunteering is associated with improved health and well-being, including increased longevity, adoption of healthy lifestyles and reduction in depression and stress. Dive into the research around these benefits in our evidence brief. Read more Should I donate this to the Habitat ReStore? When cleaning, remodeling or moving, you often run into household items you no longer use, but that are still in great condition. Whether it be items like the windows you just replaced or an old TV, you may wonder, “Should I donate this?” Read more 5 faces of the 2023 Carter Work Project “If you’ve ever wondered what love sounds like, you’re about to hear it,” Garth Brooks said to the homeowners and volunteers gathered during the 2023 Carter Work Project in Charlotte, North Carolina. Here are just a few of the faces that bring the time, talent and gifts needed to make the project possible. Learn more Load more Goodbye or DIY? Get breaking news, ways to help and our free DIY guide full of helpful tips for homeowners. Join our email list today. This field is required. First name This field is required. Last name This field is required. Email address Leave this field blank Fulltext search Search Donate © 2024 Habitat for Humanity® International.All rights reserved. “Habitat for Humanity®” is a registered service mark owned by Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat® is a service mark of Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat for Humanity® International is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law. Logo Volunteer Advocate Support Shop Our work Housing help About Support Donate one time Donate monthly Partnerships Donate goods Contact Us Newsroom Careers Privacy policy Terms of service © 2024 Habitat for Humanity® International.All rights reserved. “Habitat for Humanity®” is a registered service mark owned by Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat® is a service mark of Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat for Humanity® International is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.