LaDataViz - Data Visualization Freelancer | Tristan Guillevin Contact AdvViz BANg JSONify All Links Login 🚀 Convert your Figma Design to Tableau Dashboards in one click with our new plugin. Click to learn more 🚀 DATA VISUALIZATION FREELANCE - TRISTAN GUILLEVIN Helping you level upyour data visualization projects and skills Need an expert for a project? Contact me Newsletter nice to meet you! Hi 👋 I'm Tristan I've always enjoyed combining tech and design to visually represent ideas and answer questions. It was, therefore, natural that I was drawn to data visualization.For the first five years of my professional life, I used mainly Tableau at work and on my personal projects. When working on business dashboards, my goal is always to have a clean, simple, and efficient design. On the other hand, I like to work on personal projects to experiment, have fun, and try new visual approaches. With this approach, I was lucky to win the Iron Viz competition, the Tableau Hackathon and become a Tableau Ambassador. Later I invented and shared new techniques to create complex charts in Tableau. All of this resulted in Tableau awarding me the title of VisionaryToday, I'm working as a Data Visualization Freelancer to help you make the best out of your data. I can help you at any step of your project by helping you choose the right tool, providing training, building insightful visualizations, and solving your technical issues. Latest projects These are not your everyday business dashboards.My personal projects are a way for me to try out new techniques and learn new tools! Big Aggregated Number Generator The tool automatically generates all calculations and worksheets and presents them in a sleek dashboard. Advanced Visualization Generator Create and easily export complex charts like Network, Sankey, or Chord Diagram directly in Tableau, CSV, or SVG. Marvel Cinematic Network An animated visualization showing the expansion of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Back to the '80s An analysis of your favourite sci-fi movies and actors from the '80s Land of colors Percentage of land covers inOECDcountries Latino Gang Explore the collaborations of the most famous Latin music artists Packed wines Discover the different types of wine types (in collaboration with Ivett Kovács) Women in Olympics The evolution of women participations in the Olympics The #datafam Universe Discover the Twitter universe of Tableau Conference 2019 Create. solve. teach Here's how I can help you 01. Tableau Expertise. With more than seven years of experience and multiple awards won, you can trust me with all your Tableau needs. I can create valuable, good-looking, and efficient dashboards in a short time. I can also help you redesigning and rethinking any of your existing product as well as helping you solve any issue you may encounter with Tableau. 02. Custom Visualisations. I'll help you transform an idea and some data, into a beautiful visual experience that you'll be happy to use and share. This will usually involve using multiple tools. 03. Information Design. I'll help you create a visual vocabulary, templates, guidelines, and best practices guides to make sure you'll always make the right visual choice for your need. 04. Development. I can help you develop your next interactive data visualization on the web, as well as building Tableau Web Data Connector or Extensions. 05. Coaching & Training. I'll help you and your team build and grow data visualization skills with personalised coaching and training, no matter your level. Our time is valuable Let's not waste it! Transparency and communication is the root of all good relation. Please review the following points to see if it's worth going to the next step!Everything sounds good? Let's chat We'll be a good fit! ✔ Data Visualization ✔ Flexible days ✔ Remote Sorry, it's not a match ✖️ Data Engineer/Scientist ✖️ Full-Time ✖️ On site Let's work together! Name Email Address Message Submit By pressing the submit button, I agree to be contacted by email. Any information shared through this form will stay strictly between us. Thanks for reaching out!You'll hear back from me soon. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Tristan is without any doubt one of the most talented person I've worked with. He combines his great technical skills with outstanding design and communication skills. Working with Tristan is a pleasure, both because he is a great person to discuss with and because you work with someone always committed to produce the best product he can, paying attention to every detail in order to deliver crystal clear insights. Maxime Baux Analytics Consultant Always happy to help you take your data visualization project to the next level ‍ Contact me Check my portfolio Copyright © 2023 Ladataviz BV. All rights reserved.