Lambda Days 2024 Speakers REGISTER Sponsors Diversity tickets Voluteers Venue Hotels Contact FAQ Other events Lambda Days 2023 Lambda Days 2022 Lambda Days 2021 Lambda Days 2020 Lambda Days 2019 Lambda Days 2018 Lambda Days 2017 Lambda Days 2016 Lambda Days 2015 Lambda Days 2014 Code Sync Lambda Days is this one-of-a-kind experience in the functional world. 27-28 May 2024 Kraków | Poland For over a decade, Lambda Days has brought the functional programming worlds of academia and industry together. The collision of practical application and research has offered an exciting fresh approach, regardless of your level of expertise. Whether you’re new to Lambda Days or you are one of the many friendly faces we see regularly at our events, we are happy to get excited about Lambda together with you. Come to beautiful, sunny Krakow for Lambda Days to find out what is possible with functional programming - explore the latest in battle-tested Scala, Erlang and Haskell, experience the energy that F# and Elixir bring to the table, connect with the innovators working with Elm, Luna and Ocaml and see what will come next! 2 Speakers Dame Muffy Calder Developer of models in functional style for over 30 years Rinus Plasmeijer Task-Oriented Functional Programming for Industrial Applications Ningning Xie Having fun with types Philip Wadler Co-creator of Haskell, Professor of Theoretical Computer Science at University of Edinburgh Anil Madhavapeddy Professor of Planetary Computing @ University of Cambridge Maja Trela Software engineer @ Jane Street Martin Janiczek Senior Frontend Engineer @ Vendr Hayleigh Thompson Writing Elm @ data2impact, doing dev rel things with with webkid Veronika Yastrebova Scala Backend Team Leader @ Appodeal Stack Szymon Rodziewicz Compiler Engineer on the Scala 3 Compiler Team @ VirtusLab Fernanda Andrade VP of Engineering at Stack Builders Juan Manuel Serrano Hidalgo Associate professor @ University Rey Juan Carlos, co-founder @ Habla Computing Thomas Gebert An eccentric math enthusiast and wannabe intellectual Monica McGuigan Junior Developer starting out in the world of FP Benjamin Philip Elixir and FP Enthusiast, Linux user, Highschooler Sophie Collard Scala & Elm Developer Michael Newton mavnn Felix Miño Software developer/Community lead at Stack Builders. Anna Miler Program Manager @ DareIT James Carlson Scripta.io, founder Marcus Crestani Software Architect @ Active Group Mart Lubbers Assistant professor @ the Radboud University Nijmegen Pieter Koopman Assistant professor @ Radboud University Nijmegen Thodoris Sotiropoulos Postdoctoral researcher @ ETH Zurich Felipe Almeida Lessa Senior Quantitative Developer at Standard Chartered Bank Hidde Verstoep Senior Quantitative Developer at Standard Chartered Bank Maciej Gorywoda PMM @ IntelliJ Scala Plugin in JetBrains and a Scala dev in free time Daan van Berkel Alliander Guillaume Duboc PhD researcher at IRIF, Remote Łukasz Biały PSE @ VirtusLab Nelson Vides Self-taught programmer and core developer of MongooseIM Mateusz Front Lead developer at Software Mansion / Membrane Framework Andor Pénzes Standard Chartered Jônatas Paganini Developer Advocate at Timescale Isaac Abraham F# MVP, founder of Compositional IT Dave Kimber Senior Software Engineer at Riverford Organic Farmers Nicolas Rinaudo VP of engineering, J.P. Morgan REGISTER The Very Early Bird sale starts mid-January 2024 and will be exclusive to those who sign up to the Waiting List. The Early Bird sale starts on 1 February 2024 and saves you 300 PLN net (approx €70) compared to regular tickets. The number of tickets is limited. Looking for discounts? Students! Get a special in-person ticket for 400PLN (+ VAT and fees). Contact us regarding student tickets and/or volunteering options. Dear Lambda Ladies - we can't get enough of you! Ask your companies if they want to pay your fee. For each Lambda Lady in a party, everyone gets 10%* off the regular price, adding up to 50% off the entire order. Bring a party! Ask us about the group discounts (3 or more people). Also, check above if the Lambda Ladies discount doesn't apply (above). * Total discount cannot go over 50%, the offer applies to invoices issued for group reservations per order (the company receives a discount only for a single order, not for the potential following purchases). Discounts only apply to full-priced tickets and can't be combined. Contact us directly for details. SPONSORS DIVERSITY & INCLUSION SPONSOR PLATINUM SPONSOR GOLD SPONSOR Become a sponsor! We need support from the community to make Lambda Days the best event it can possibly be. In return, we offer sponsors the opportunity to showcase technology and hire new talent. Sponsorship will also align your company with cutting-edge technology, engage and raise brand awareness with over 400 functional programming professionals. Explore our sponsorship possibilities and receive our brochure by sending us an email. DIVERSITY TICKETS As always we’re doing our best to make sure our conference is as diverse and awesome as the community we serve. Thanks to the support from Standard Chartered we can distribute 5 tickets among participants from groups underrepresented in IT. Apply to get yours! First deadline: 22/04/2024 (recipients chosen) Second deadline: 30/04/2024 (if recipients do not confirm, tickets are redistributed) Volunteers Want to join one of the most exciting IT conferences in Europe free of charge? Join our team as a volunteer! Venue AUDITORIUM MAXIMUMUJ Krupnicza 33 31-123 Kraków Poland HOTELS We managed to secure rooms at a special B&B rate per night for Lambda Days guests. Use the following links to get better prices at: HYATT PLACE KRAKOW ****Aleja 3 Maja 47a, 30-062 Kraków PRICES:-20% off the full price published on the hotel website To book and get an attendee discount remember to contact krakow.place@hyatt.com using the password "LAMBDA DAYS" HOTEL UNICUS **** ul. Św. Marka 20, 31-020 Kraków PRICES:-20% off the full price published on the hotel website To check the attendee price and book contact recepcja@hotelunicus.pl using the password "LAMBDA DAYS" DON'T MISS OUT! Why should you attend Lambda Days 2024? (a.k.a. "why can’t I just watch the talk videos online for free instead…?") Firstly, not all the videos will be published right after the conference and will be kept exclusive to the attendees for a couple months. The greatest asset of any conference is the community behind it. The Lambda Days crowd is inquisitive, open-minded, friendly and known to motivate each other to learn and innovate. They ask the right questions, recommend the best talks, point to concepts to explore, inspire and challenge preconceptions at every turn. Want to make the most of the content our speakers prepare? Experience it live with a crowd of people as excited about it as you are! SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER WHO'S IN THE MIX ORGANIZERS PARTNERS MEDIA PARTNERS CALL FOR TALKS Are you interested in presenting your thoughts on the subject of functional programming? Submit your presentation! As of now we have identified the followig areas our audience would love to hear about: Functional languages Type Theory Testing & Verification Software and system design Reactive Programming Web programming Computation in functional technologies Applications and case studies Is your presentation slightly outside that scope? Amaze and inspire us with your submission! We’re happy to support candidates from under-represented groups in the software development community. If you have not spoken at conferences before or need help in preparing, our programme committee members are happy to mentor and assist you with their feedback in the planning and delivery stages of your talk. The first round of reviews will take place in January, The second round can be cancelled if we receive enough submissions in the first round. DEADLINES: first selection: 10/12/2023, second selection: 14/01/2024 Programme committee John Hughes Co-Designer Of Haskell And Quickcheck Mary Sheeran Professor at Chalmers Simon Thompson Computer science researcher @ University of Kent and ELTE Katja Mordaunt Tech-for-better dev & elm advocate Łukasz Sowa Managing Partner @ Iterators, Scala aficionado Samantha Wójtowicz Embedded software developer flirting with Clojure Radek Szymczyszyn Tech Lead @ Erlang Solutions Code of Conduct Full version available here. All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference space, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the conference organisers' discretion.Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of the event staff, or contact our Event Coordinator, Barbara Trojecka using our contact form. We thank our attendees for their help in keeping the event welcoming, respectful, and friendly to all participants. Contact Any questions? SPEAKERS CALL FOR TALKS PROGRAMME COMMITTEE TICKETS SPONSORS ORGANISERS VENUE HOTELS SPONSORSHIP NEWSLETTER CODE OF CONDUCT Rules and guidelines Privacy Policy Anti-Slavery Policy Frequently Asked Questions Contact: info@lambdadays.org