NYU Steinhardt Skip to main content For: Future Students Current Students Alumni Donors Faculty and Staff Search Main Menu Search NYU Steinhardt Search Main navigation Programs and Degrees Programs and Degrees Back Browse Programs Find Program or Degree Programs and Degrees Courses and Experiential Learning Study Abroad Study Abroad Back Undergraduate Undergraduate Back Semester Abroad Short Term Study Abroad Honors Seminars Core Equivalencies Core Equivalencies Back NYU Abu Dhabi Course Equivalencies NYU Shanghai Course Equivalencies Graduate Graduate Back January and Spring Break Abroad Summer Abroad Study Abroad Policies Scholarships Scholarships Back Undergraduate Graduate Application Testimonials Continuing Education Programs for High School Students Admissions Admissions Back How to Apply How to Apply Back Undergraduate Study Graduate Study Visit and Information Sessions Tuition and Fees Paying for Your Education Paying for Your Education Back Undergraduate Master's Master's Back Additional Resources and Opportunities Federal Aid Scholarships and Grants Doctorate Study Abroad Housing Equity and Belonging International Students Transfer Students Admitted Students Our Impact Research About About Back How We Rank News Events Departments Faculty For: Future Students Current Students Alumni Donors Faculty and Staff All NYU NYU Steinhardt Impact. Innovation. Inclusion. Culture Explore the global impact of art, media, theatre, and music. See Culture Programs and Degrees 2023 Brings Accolades, Grant Funding to 80WSE 80 Washington Square East (80WSE) curator Howie Chen talks recent opportunities and future plans. Read More Jameel Arts & Health Lab Co-Hosts Caucus before White House Event The Arts & Health Pre-Summit Caucus on January 29 preceded “Healing, Bridging, Thriving: A Summit on Arts and Culture in our Communities.” Read More Art Therapy Program Brings Creative Self-Discovery to the Rubin Museum This fall, Steinhardt’s graduate Art Therapy program offered a free weekly program, Healing Through Art, to visitors at the Rubin Museum. Read More Education We train the professionals who transform education at all levels, from pre-K to higher education, around the world. See Education Programs and Degrees New York City Public Schools Chancellor Visits the Path Program IHDSC’s Path Program partnership reached another milestone on Monday, January 22, 2024, when New York City Public Schools (NYCPS) Chancellor, David C. Banks, made a special visit to observe the NYCPS Specialized Program at I.S. 219 New Venture School. Read More NYU Metro Center’s 2024 Equity Conference is Honored to Have Dr. Gholdy Muhammad as Keynote Speaker NYU Metro Center’s 2024 Equity Conference Names Curriculum Designer & award winning Author of Cultivating Genius, Dr. Gholdy Muhammad as Keynote Speaker. Read More Students Gain Hands-on Practice in Human Rights Advocacy in International Education Course “International Studies in Human Rights Education and Activism” focuses on the role of stories, narrative, and bearing witness in human rights practice. Read More Human Development Our alumni and faculty are improving the health and well being of people throughout their lives. See Human Development Programs and Degrees How Our Brains' Beta Waves Predict Stuttering Researchers found brain waves related to stopping body movements can predict stuttering. Read More For People with Memory Struggles After Brain Injuries, Researchers Say the Brain’s Processing Speed Is the Main Culprit In a comparison of processing speed vs. working memory, processing speed deficits had a significant effect. Read More Clinical Musicianship for Good For students in NYU Steinhardt’s Music Therapy program, music is more than just an artistic pastime, but a powerful tool in the service of human wellbeing. Read More About Steinhardt 195+ Degrees and Programs 6,684 Students #9 U.S. News and World Report's Best Graduate Schools in Education 284 Full-time Faculty Take the Next Step Advance your personal and professional journey – apply to join our community of students. Apply Now Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development Footer menu Contact Press Privacy Policy Accessibility Follow NYU Steinhardt Facebook TikTok YouTube LinkedIn Instagram This site, and all its contents, are Copyright © 2024 by New York University. All rights reserved.