I'd Rather Be Writing blog | I'd Rather Be Writing Blog and API doc course I’d Rather Be Writing blog | I’d Rather Be Writing Blog and API doc course Blog Podcast API doc course Course home Chapter 1: Introduction to REST APIs Chapter 2: Using an API like a developer Chapter 3: Documenting API endpoints Chapter 4: OpenAPI spec and generated reference docs Chapter 5: Step-by-step OpenAPI code tutorial Chapter 6: Testing API docs Chapter 7: Conceptual topics in API docs Chapter 8: Code tutorials Chapter 9: The writing process Chapter 10: Publishing API docs Chapter 11: Publishing tools and workflows Chapter 12: Thriving in the API doc space Chapter 13: Native library APIs Chapter 14: Processes and methodology Chapter 15: Metrics and measurement Chapter 16: Glossary Chapter 17: Additional resources AI-powered docs AI-powered documentation AI category posts About About me Contact Presentations Newsletter Site analytics Advertising Archives Email Newsletter Newsletter signup × Close Recent posts from Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance series The importance of using the right tools (Nov 26, 2023) Bleeding my brakes (ZAMM series) (Nov 26, 2023) Main takeaway: How to incorporate intuitive thinking (ZAMM series) (Dec 1, 2023) Why I decided to reread Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance (ZAMM series) (Nov 26, 2023) Recent posts from my AI tech comm series Use cases for AI: Synthesize insights from granular data (Aug 27, 2023) Use cases for AI: Arrange content into information type patterns (Jul 6, 2023) Use cases for AI: Develop build and publishing scripts (Jul 19, 2023) AI and APIs: What works, what doesn't (Sep 28, 2023) Use cases for AI: Summarize long content (Sep 6, 2023) Use cases for AI: Understand the meaning of code (Jul 25, 2023) Use cases for AI: Seek advice on grammar and style (Aug 4, 2023) Use cases for AI: Create glossary definitions (Sep 4, 2023) Use cases for AI: Distill needed updates from bug threads (Aug 6, 2023) Use cases for AI: Compare API responses to identify discrepancies (Aug 28, 2023) Recent blog posts Prompt engineering: Reverse engineering prompts (Mar 4, 2024) Prompt engineering series: Populating documentation templates using AI (Mar 4, 2024) Prompt engineering: Task decomposition and complex tree diagrams (Feb 20, 2024) Prompt engineering: Creating high-fidelity, thematically organized notes from engineering meetings using AI (Feb 20, 2024) Upcoming conference: AI the API docs (Feb 17, 2024) Visualizing APIs with tree diagrams, partly generated with AI (Feb 13, 2024) Walking and chatting with ChatGPT (Jan 21, 2024) Moved AI pages into their own collection and space (Jan 20, 2024) Coffee Chat recording: Ask Me Anything about Managing API documentation projects (Jan 8, 2024) Evaluating my 2023 site analytics -- why did my traffic drop? (Jan 7, 2024) Popular series Reflections on Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance Journey away from smartphones Trends to follow or forget Simplifying complexity Value arguments for docs and tech comm See all series Archives 2024 • 2023 • 2022 • 2021 • 2020 • 2019 • 2018 • 2017 • 2016 • 2015 • 2014 • 2013 • 2012 • 2011 • 2010 • 2009 • 2008 • 2007 • 2006 • Posts by tag • See all posts by year Search results I'd Rather Be Writing blog Prompt engineering: Reverse engineering prompts Mar 4, 2024 • academics-and-practitioners, ai I added another article to my prompt engineering series on reverse engineering prompts. Reverse engineering a prompt can mean a few different things, but in this article, I'm referring to deriving the likely prompt based on a given output. For example, you pass in some finished content and ask the AI to write a prompt that would produce a similar output. Although reverse engineering prompts might not be all that different from simply coming up with a template for docs, I added this article here to emphasize that you can get AI to write prompts for you, and many times these prompts are good. They can be much more detailed and robust than manually written prompts. Prompt engineering series: Populating documentation templates using AI Mar 4, 2024 • ai I added a new article to my prompt engineering series on populating documentation templates. In the article, I explain how to use AI to populate documentation templates with information that you've gathered. This technique can be a quick way to get an initial draft of documentation, which you can then edit and review with SMEs. Prompt engineering: Task decomposition and complex tree diagrams Feb 20, 2024 • ai I added a new article about task decomposition to my prompt engineering series. This tutorial will help you understand task decomposition by guiding you through the process of creating a complex tree diagram that’s too sophisticated for an AI tool to create at once. Prompt engineering: Creating high-fidelity, thematically organized notes from engineering meetings using AI Feb 20, 2024 • ai I added a new topic to my prompt engineering series on summarizing meeting notes. While using AI to summarize meeting notes might seem superficial, it’s not. When you tag people in meeting notes and broadcast the notes to larger lists of people, the notes can amplify your visibility and communication about the documentation projects you’re working on. Upcoming conference: AI the API docs Feb 17, 2024 • ai, api-doc There's an upcoming conference called AI The Docs 2024: API Documentation and AI Best Practices, held April 3, 2024 online. The conference is put on by the same API the Docs group / Pronovix that holds other online conferences and events. I'll be one of the speakers. I'm planning to talk about prompt engineering. Visualizing APIs with tree diagrams, partly generated with AI Feb 13, 2024 • ai, api-doc, visual-communication I recently visualized both a cloud and Java API through some complex tree diagrams that showed the objects returned, with all the detail inherent in the parent/child relationships and structures. One of the primary principles of prompt engineering is to break complex tasks up into smaller ones. This principle has at least two purposes: (1) most AI chatbots can't process large amounts of text, and (2) you can more precisely direct the output from smaller inputs. Walking and chatting with ChatGPT Jan 21, 2024 • ai I've begun a new favorite activity: walking and talking with ChatGPT. It might sound crazy, but it's really engaging. As I walk around for exercise, I usually listen to non-fiction audiobooks or podcasts. Particularly with non-fiction audiobooks, I listen to learn something. For example, today I was listening to The Little Book of Common Sense Investing by John C. Bogle, founder of Vanguard. After about 20 minutes of listening to the book, my mind tends to gravitate toward questions I have. When I find myself losing interest in listening instead want to pursue specific questions, I pull out the ChatGPT app on my phone, tap the headphone button to initiate the audio conversation, and start asking questions related to topics surfaced in the book. Moved AI pages into their own collection and space Jan 20, 2024 • ai, api-doc-site-updates I recently moved the AI section from my API course into their own dedicated collection and space at /ai. I moved these AI pages into their space for one main reason: I anticipate writing a lot more about AI, and this content was outgrowing its chapter in the API documentation course. Coffee Chat recording: Ask Me Anything about Managing API documentation projects Jan 8, 2024 • api-doc I recently participated in a Coffee and Content chat titled 'Ask Me Anything: Managing API Documenation Projects', with Patrick Bosek and Scott Abel, sponsored by Heretto. This was an 'Ask me anything' style chat, though the audience could only participate through chat on Brighttalk's platform. The coffee chat took place on Thursday, Jan 11, 2024. Evaluating my 2023 site analytics -- why did my traffic drop? Jan 7, 2024 • technical-writing Once a year, usually at the beginning of January, I look at my site analytics with the latest numbers from Google Analytics and also reflect on trends, changing directions, and other metrics for the year. This weekend I updated my site's analytics for 2023. The metrics were kind of harsh for my site this year. Page views were down 35%, users down 37%. Page views per session were down 12%. My top 30 pages were almost all to pages in my API documentation course — almost none of which were new in 2023. Accounting for the shift could be the many changes to Google's search algorithms, the changes in Google Analytics itself, the layoffs and industry slowdowns in tech comm, the expanding influence of AI, stale content, and other reasons. [Podcast] Breaking ground: New API documentation course at UW, with Bob Watson Jan 5, 2024 • academics-and-practitioners, ai, api-doc, podcasts In this podcast, I chat with Bob Watson about an upcoming API documentation course he'll be teaching at the University of Washington. Bob has extensive experience working as an API technical writer at big tech companies like Microsoft, Amazon, and Google. The UW reached out to Bob to develop this new course offering. The 14-week evening course will cover fundamentals like understanding developer behaviors, working with various types of APIs, publishing workflows, as well as hands-on practice. A key component is having students create API documentation portfolios they can use to demonstrate their skills. My 2024 technical writing trends and predictions Jan 1, 2024 • ai, api-doc, technical-writing, writing, podcasts I've been mulling over whether to write a trends post this year. There's so much uncertainty, it's hard to feel confident about how the tech writing profession will play out. But little trends-related ideas keep surfacing in the back of my mind, so I decided to write out some of my thoughts. Before I jump into this, I want to say that I’m much more agnostic and unsure about directions this year. 2024 could be amazing, it could also be terrible. Or everything could be overblown and remain more or less the same. One thing is for sure: in predictions, AI dominates the scene and discussion. Book review: Understanding Girls with ADHD: How They Feel and Why They Do What They Do Dec 31, 2023 • technical-writing Although my blog usually focuses on tech comm, I've started reviewing books covering wider topics. I recently read Understanding Girls with ADHD: How They Feel and Why They Do What They Do, by Kathleen G. Nadeau, Ellen B. Littman, and Patricia O. Quinn. Several of my family members have ADHD, and I wanted to understand ADHD more to better support them. This book is one of the best ADHD books I've read, probably because I have four daughters (ranging from 13 to 22) and the book focused entirely on ADHD in girls. The book describes challenges girls with ADHD face in elementary school, middle school, high school, and beyond. Etto, a new AI co-pilot for Heretto — Q&A with Casey Jordan Dec 18, 2023 • ai Etto is a new AI copilot from Heretto designed to help content authors harness the power of structured content more easily. In this Q&A, Casey Jordan, co-founder of Heretto, explains how Etto can reduce the complexity of XML authoring through guidance, content analysis and updates, refactoring, and other automations. Etto is focused specifically on structured content tasks and works collaboratively within documents so changes show up as track changes, like a human co-author. This allows for a conversational workflow. Unlike some competitor tools that rely on OpenAI, Etto's models remain completely within Heretto's platform for security and privacy. (Note: This is a sponsored post.) Podcast: Notes and themes from Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig Dec 15, 2023 • api-doc, podcasts, writing These are some notes and thoughts from reading Robert Pirsig's classic philosophical novel, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, published in 1974. My reading here focuses more on the technical writing aspects and themes from the book. Some themes include Classic versus Romantic modes of thought, the concept of Quality, our relationship with technology, doing your own maintenance, caring about the work, peace of mind, systems thinking, multiple paths through a problem, troubleshooting, being in-the-scene versus removed, the road trip, effortless action, going with the flow, traveling along the backroads, and presence in the moment. I also include some questions about these themes to prompt discussion (these notes were initially prepared for a book club). « Previous Page: 1 of 164 » Next About Tom Johnson I'm an API technical writer based in the Seattle area. On this blog, I write about topics related to technical writing and communication — such as software documentation, API documentation, AI, information architecture, content strategy, writing processes, plain language, tech comm careers, and more. Check out my API documentation course if you're looking for more info about documenting APIs. Or see my posts on AI and AI course section for more on the latest in AI and tech comm.If you're a technical writer and want to keep on top of the latest trends in the tech comm, be sure to subscribe to email updates below. You can also learn more about me or contact me. Finally, note that the opinions I express on my blog are my own points of view, not that of my employer. About idratherbewriting.com Technical writing blog and API documentation course by Tom Johnson. Links Blog API doc course Contact Tom on social media WTD Slack Twitter Linkedin GitHub GitHub repo Log an issue Closed issues © 2024 Tom Johnson