TED Blog: Further reading on ideas worth spreading TED Blog TED Blog Filter articles by: Newest Popular News The Way We Work: Practical wisdom for your career By Maria Ladias on Oct 24, 2023 How can you best communicate your work experience, succeed at your current job and secure the future of your career? The Way We Work, a TED original video series, helps business leaders and innovative thinkers answer those questions and more. Whether you’re starting a new job, freelancing or want to future-proof your career, season six […]Read more Countdown TED Countdown announces membership of its Vision Council and new corporate members of the TED Future Forum By TED Staff on Jan 29, 2024 TED Countdown, a global initiative to champion and accelerate solutions to the climate crisis, is delighted to welcome Joshua Amponsem, Olivia Lazard, Omnia el Omrani, Rayne Sullivan and Riddhima Yadav to its Vision Council. They join Jim Hagemann Snabe, Gonzalo Munoz, Habiba Ahut Daggash, Manish Bhardwaj and Nigel Topping as advisors to Countdown. Learn more […] News Scam alert related to “TED India,” “TED Studios India,” “TEDIND,” “TED Bharat” and “TED Coaches” By TED Staff on Jan 26, 2024 TED has been alerted to a fraudulent marketing scam referred to as “TED India,” “TED Studios India,” “TEDIND,” “TED Studios,” “TED Bharat” and/or “TED Coaches” that have misrepresented that they are affiliated with the TED organization. These entities claim to produce TED events in India, most recently in Delhi in September 2023, and seek payment […] News The most popular TED Talks of 2023 — and inspiration for 2024 By TED Staff on Dec 7, 2023 As 2023 draws to a close, join us in reflecting on a year brimming with inspiring ideas and transformative insights from the TED stage. Our end-of-year playlists feature talks that capture the essence of the year’s challenges and triumphs — and offer glimpses of hope for 2024. From AI and the future of learning to […] News Head of TED Chris Anderson publishes new book, “Infectious Generosity” By TED Staff on Dec 5, 2023 In the face of the world’s daunting problems, our kindness can seem pretty inadequate. But what if there were a way to turbocharge it? We live in the connected age. What would it take for kindness to go viral? This is the question Head of TED Chris Anderson explores in his new book, Infectious Generosity, […] News Flipside futures: The talks of TED@BCG 2023 By Clayton Wickham, Crawford Hunt, Maria Ladias, Oliver Friedman, Renae Reints and Tom Carter on Nov 16, 2023 Today is good, but tomorrow can always be better. There are new possibilities for our future if we use our uniquely human creativity. In a day of talks and performances, 16 leading minds gathered to flip expected thinking on its head and map out how we might build a brighter future. The event: TED@BCG: Flipside […] News Imagining our common future: The talks of TED Democracy By Brian Greene, Clayton Wickham, Crawford Hunt, Maria Ladias, Oliver Friedman, Renae Reints and Tom Carter on Nov 15, 2023 The question of our democratic future is more urgent, complex and exciting than ever. As the world stands at a crossroads, more than 140 world leaders and experts convened in New York City for the launch of the TED Democracy initiative, a project that aims to shift the narrative on democracy, accelerate solutions to support […] News Powerful perspectives: The intimate and beautiful interstitials of TEDWomen 2023 By TED Staff on Nov 10, 2023 As part of the world-class curation for TEDWomen 2023, a small but moving selection of shorts offered a reflection of the collective power of movement, art and community. Among dozens of nominations from across the web, these shorts were presented for their electrifying creativity and unique view of the moment. Watch the selections below. The […] Live from TEDWomen Moving on up: Talks from day 3 of TEDWomen 2023 By Brian Greene, Clayton Wickham, Crawford Hunt, Maria Ladias, Oliver Friedman and Renae Reints on Oct 13, 2023 For the final day of TEDWomen 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia, a multidisciplinary group of experts took on the challenges and opportunities of navigating change — from reimagining migration for political power and addressing the real threats of AI to championing inclusivity, celebrating nature’s wildness and pondering life’s myriad complexities through art. The event: Sessions 4 […] Live from TEDWomen Life, love and finding a path: Talks from day 2 of TEDWomen 2023 By Brian Greene, Clayton Wickham, Crawford Hunt, Maria Ladias, Oliver Friedman, Renae Reints and Tom Carter on Oct 12, 2023 Day 2 of TEDWomen 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia featured an interdisciplinary array of ideas from speakers who are disrupting poverty, creating bold art, restoring Indigenous rights, exploring bioluminescence in nature and much more. The event: Sessions 2 and 3 of TEDWomen 2023, hosted by TEDWomen editorial director Pat Mitchell and activist, filmmaker and entrepreneur Maya […] Live from TEDWomen A world view: Talks from day 1 of TEDWomen 2023 By Brian Greene, Clayton Wickham, Crawford Hunt, Maria Ladias, Oliver Friedman, Renae Reints and Tom Carter on Oct 11, 2023 TEDWomen 2023 kicked off in its new home of Atlanta, Georgia with a moving and wide-ranging session of talks and performances about the future of global democracy, the pursuit of freedom in Russia and Ukraine, the path to recovery for survivors and more. The event: Session 1 of TEDWomen 2023, hosted by TEDWomen editorial director […] Countdown Transforming business for a sustainable future: Insights from the 2023 TED Countdown Summit By TED Staff on Sep 26, 2023 In July 2023, over 750 global innovators, business leaders, scientists, policymakers, artists, activists and more came together in Detroit, Michigan, to explore the solutions, tools and partnerships that will bring us closer to achieving an equitable, zero-carbon world. The TED Countdown Summit also hosted the inaugural gathering of the TED Future Forum, an initiative of […] News Remembering Karen Bakker By TED Staff on Sep 8, 2023 It is with immense sadness that we commemorate the legacy of Dr. Karen Bakker, who died on August 14. Karen’s talk at TED2023, Could an orca give a TED Talk?, demonstrated the beautiful promise afforded by technologies such as AI to help us understand the natural world more deeply. A Guggenheim Fellow and professor at […] Follow TEDTwitter Instagram YouTube Subscribe to TED Blog by email Subscribe to the TED Talks Daily newsletter. TED Sign up for TED email updates Sign up for our daily or weekly emails to receive notifications whenever new talks are published. Powered by WordPress VIP TED Talks Usage Policy Privacy Policy Advertising / Partnership TED.com Terms of Use Contact Jobs Press Help © TED Conferences, LLC