Folding@home – Fighting disease with a world wide distributed super computer. Toggle navigation Menu Join the Fold COVID-19 Science Diseases Project Timeline Papers & Results Dig deeper Support FAQ Folding Support Forum Discord Donate USD via Folding@home Foundation Crypto via Folding@home Foundation DAF via Folding@home Foundation Merchandise store Data Statistics News About Gregory Bowman, PhD The Folding@home Consortium (FAHC) Contact us START FOLDING NOW Install our software to become a citizen scientist and contribute your compute power to help fight global health threats like COVID19, Alzheimer’s Disease, and cancer. Our software is completely free, easy to install, and safe to use. Available for: Linux Windows Mac Start folding Latest Posts Unraveling the Mystery of Drug Specificity: The Case of Blebbistatin Unraveling the Secrets of G Protein Activation: A Molecular Odyssey Understanding Druggable States in a Protein Implicated in Parkinson’s Disease JOIN THE COMMUNITY There are many opportunities to engage with the Folding@home community, including: Twitter (@foldingathome), our blog, and Facebook for news Discord server for discussion foldingforum.org for technical support 1 in a million WHY WE NEED YOU The calculations we’re performing to understand how biology works and how we can treat disease are computationally demanding. We need every ounce of computer power we can get! together we are powerful We empower anyone with a computer and an internet connection to become a citizen scientist and join forces to fight global health threats by donating their unused computer power. what’s FOLDING? “Folding” in our community refers to running simulations of proteins, the molecular machines that perform most of the active processes we associate with life, from muscle contraction to sensing light and digesting food. We exploit the biological insight these simulations provide to inform drug discovery and other efforts to combat global health threats. Learn more Team A number of scientists from across the globe are now involved in the Folding@home Consortium, under the directorship of Dr. Greg Bowman (@drGregBowman), soon to be at the University of Pennsylvania.