USAJOBS - The Federal Government's official employment site An official website of the United States government Help Search Keywords Location or Remote Search Search tips family-of-overseas-employees-icon federal-employees-competitive-service-icon federal-employees-competitive-service-icon federal-employees-excepted-service-icon federal-employees-career-transition-icon individuals-with-disabilities-icon Created with Sketch. internal-to-an-agency-icon Created with Sketch. internal-to-an-agency-icon Created with Sketch. military-spouses-icon Created with Sketch. national-guard-and-reserves-icon Created with Sketch. native-americans-icon Created with Sketch. peace-corps-and-americorps-icons Open-to-the-public-icon senior-executive-service-icon se-other students-icon recent-graduates-icon veterans-icon special-hiring-authorities-icon land-and-base-management-icon Your browser is not supported Switch to Chrome, Edge, Firefox or Safari to use USAJOBS. Shape America's Future Find your fit in the federal government View Profile Create profile Start using USAJOBS Create a USAJOBS profile Start using USAJOBS Create a USAJOBS profile Save your favorite jobs and searches Receive email updates from jobs you're interested in. Upload your resumes and documents Save and manage resumes and documents for your application. Make your resume searchable Your resume will be visible to recruiters searching our database. Apply for jobs in the federal government You can only apply online with a complete USAJOBS profile. View profile Create profile or Sign in Federal application process Learn about the Federal Application Process Below is an overview of the federal hiring process. This process is in place to make sure all applicants receive fair and equal opportunity. USAJOBS 1 Create a USAJOBS profile First, create and complete your profile to apply for any job on USAJOBS. With a USAJOBS profile, you can save jobs, automate job searches, and manage everything you need to complete your application, including resumes and required documents. 2 Search for jobs Once you create your profile, you can search for jobs. It's best to sign into your profile before searching. Why? We can use your information to improve your job search results. You can also use filters such as location, salary, work schedule or agency to narrow your results. 3 Review job announcement If you find a job you're interested in, read the entire announcement to determine if you're eligible and meet the qualifications. It's important to read the announcement because there are required qualifications you must meet and include in your application. 4 Prepare your application in USAJOBS Read the How to Apply section of the job announcement before starting your application. Click Apply, and we'll walk you through a five-step process where you'll attach a resume and any required documents. During the application process, you can review, edit and delete your information. We'll automatically save your progress as you go so that you won't lose any changes. 5 Submit application to the agency When your application is ready, you'll be directed from USAJOBS to the hiring agency's system to submit your application. Before you submit, you may need to complete other agency-required steps such as a questionnaire or uploading additional documents. The time it takes to submit depends on the job you are applying for and the hiring agency's requirements. You can check your application using the Track This Application link in your USAJOBS profile or contact the hiring agency listed on the job announcement. Transition to Agency Agency 6 Agency reviews application The hiring agency begins reviewing applications when the job announcement closes. The hiring agency will review your application to make sure you're eligible and meet the qualifications for the position. The hiring agency will place applicants into quality categories. Those placed in the highest category are sent to the hiring official. 7 Interview The hiring official will review the highest qualified applications and select applicants to interview based on agency policy. The hiring agency will contact applicants directly to schedule interviews. You may be interviewed by a panel, in-person, video or phone interview, and there may be more than one interview round. For example, an applicant may have a phone interview and then an in-person interview. Scheduling an interview may take some time, depending on the number of applicants to interview. 8 Agency selects candidates After all interviews are completed, the agency will select a candidate(s) and contact them to start the job offer process. For those not selected, the hiring agency will update the job's status to Hiring Complete. Read more about the Federal application process. Urgent hiring needs Explore the most urgent hiring needs The government is looking to fill positions that are in high demand. Find your opportunity to shape America's future. Mathematics Actuary Computer science Mathematics Mathematical statistics Statistics Engineering Civil General Mechanical Human resources Human resources management Business, industry and programs Acquisitions and contracting Finance Auditing Other National Security STEM Social Science Economist Medical, dental and public health Nurse Science Chemistry Fishery biologist General natural resources management and biological sciences General physical science Health physics Physics Technology AI portal Federal tech portal Information technology management Cyber Cross-functional positions Cybersecurity Cyber effects Information technology Intel Other cyber opportunities Explore hiring paths The federal government offers unique hiring paths to help hire individuals that represent our diverse society. Learn more about each hiring path and your eligibility. Open to the public U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. Federal employees Current or former, includes the competitive and excepted services Veterans Military spouses National Guard & reserves Current or prospective members Students & recent graduates Senior executives Individuals with disabilities Family of overseas employees Native Americans American Indian or Alaskan Native Peace Corps & AmeriCorps VISTA Special authorities Events View more events Federal Hiring Myth Beginning of a dialog window for your session has expired. Escape will cancel And close the window. Your session is about to expire! Your USAJOBS session will expire due to inactivity in eight minutes. Any unsaved data will be lost if you allow the session to expire. Click the button below to continue your session. Sign out Stay signed in Close Return to top Account Dashboard Profile Documents Saved jobs Saved searches Sign Out Help Help center About USAJOBS FAQs Contact us Get started How to… Working in government USAJOBS is a Opens in a new windowUnited States Office of Personnel Management website. Opens in a new window Opens in a new windowTerms and Conditions Opens in a new windowBudget and Performance Opens in a new windowFOIA Opens in a new windowInspector General Opens in a new windowNo Fear Act Data Opens in a new windowPrivacy Policy Opens in a new windowUSA.gov