Home | Edmonton JournalSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search edmontonjournal.com Perform search Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search edmontonjournal.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscriptions News Local News Alberta Politics Health Local Crime True Crime National World Weather Archives Under The Dome Sports Edmonton Oilers Cult of Hockey NHL PWHL Junior Hockey NHL Edmonton Oil Kings Edmonton Elks CFL NFL Local Sports Soccer Golf Baseball Basketball Curling Opinion Columnists Letters Send a Letter to the Editor Malcolm Mayes editorial cartoons Business Local Business Featured Businesses Small Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Energy Technology Gaming Internet Science Space FP Markets Alberta's Top Employers Arts Local Arts Theatre Music Festivals Books Movies Television TV Listings Celebrity Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Travel Guide Fashion & Beauty Homes First-Time Homebuyers Gardening Diet & Fitness Food Local food reviews Recipes Travel Travel Alberta Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Guide Advice Horoscopes Contests National Contests Readers' Choice Special Sections Edmonton Fall Home Show Newsletters Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics ePaper Remembering Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Real Estate Marketplace Pet Posts & Adoptions Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Under The Dome Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Newsletters Puzzles Comics ePaper Remembering Manage Print Subscription Home | Edmonton JournalAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Politics Alberta NDP leadership: Ten days left for contenders to enter the race to replace Rachel Notley Candidates have until end-of-day March 15 to enter the race, ahead of the June 22 counting of the ballots and naming of the party's new leader with Video Politics Local News CFB Edmonton gets $45.3 million from Liberals to cut energy costs, 'support troops' 38 Comments Local News Local News Edmonton boards welcome funding for school construction, but stress high enrolment numbers Local News Local Business Average price of Edmonton home increases to $407,458: report Local Business Crime Terrorism charges laid against accused Edmonton city hall attacker: RCMP with Video 23 Comments Crime Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsWorld Edmonton Weather: The last blast of winter's chill brings flurries overnight A look at Tuesday’s Edmonton weather by Environment Canada. with Video 42 minutes ago News Tuesday's letters: Opting out of pharmacare shows hypocrisy The hypocrisy is dizzying. One of the stated reasons that the UCP has declined to participate in the federal pharmacare program is the lack of consultation on the part of the feds. Apparently, it’s OK for a government to dictate without consulting medical authorities, who can receive hormones and other forms of medical treatment, however, providing universal access to life-saving medications is an affront to sovereignty. Edmonton Journal 4 hours ago Letters Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Braid: Nenshi expected to go public March 11, but faces a maze of NDP rules The NDP’s strict rules for seeking the party leadership likely explain why the ex-mayor is so quiet 14 Comments Don Braid 17 hours ago Columnists Why was day parole granted to Edmonton serial rapist Matthew McKnight? McKnight's trial was one of the highest-profile Canadian sexual assault cases of the early Me Too era and among the longest in Edmonton's history 23 Comments 1 day ago Crime Edmonton's commercial real estate should see a rise in 2024 "We're seeing growth on the industrial side of things, and we're seeing less vacancy in the office space market." 19 hours ago Local News More news stories > Trending NHL market glutted with wingers. What tactic can Edmonton Oilers use to fill deadline day need? Alberta NDP leadership: Ten days left for contenders to enter the race to replace Rachel Notley Average price of Edmonton home increases to $407,458: report Oilers' Foegele keeping tabs on rumours and talk as NHL trade deadline approaches Ex-NHL coach Perry Pearn fired as coach of Japan's national and U-20 teams Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Edmonton. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports Are the super streaky Edmonton Oilers back to their winning ways again? Move over, Frank the Tank. These Edmonton Oilers are going streaking. 19 hours ago Edmonton Oilers Oilers' Foegele keeping tabs on rumours and talk as NHL trade deadline approaches “I’d be lying if I said I don’t watch. I like it best when we’re not playing. Last year it was on a game day (getting Ekholm) and I can tell you it’s less stressful when it’s not. It’s more nerve-wracking, harder to focus on the game,” 17 hours ago Edmonton Oilers Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. NHL market glutted with wingers. What tactic can Edmonton Oilers use to fill deadline day need? The Edmonton Oilers have already missed out on big name deadline day trade acquisitions such as Elias Lindholm, Sean Monahan and Chris Tanev. with Video 15 hours ago Cult of Hockey Pickard allowing Edmonton Oilers to stand pat on their goaltending “Every time he steps in we have so much confidence in him. He’s really held us in some games and given us the opportunity to win.” 23 hours ago Sports Ex-NHL coach Perry Pearn fired as coach of Japan's national and U-20 teams “Some of the people I reached out to thank them for their help there, they thought I resigned. I told them, ‘no, they fired me.’ I want that word out there." 22 hours ago Sports More sports stories > Around the NetworkHeadline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Opinion Breakenridge: Government rhetoric at odds with reality There's a broad disconnect between rhetoric and the actions of this government when it comes to taxing and spending. Credibility matters Rob Breakenridge 2 hours ago Columnists Opinion: Alberta needs to tackle its clean-energy labour shortage The pressure to go green has never been greater, with countries around the world implementing new laws and regulations to speed the transition from fossil fuels to renewables. Here in Canada, the federal government recently unveiled a target of 100-per-cent zero-emission vehicle sales by 2035. While it’s arguable if this timeline is feasible, the announcement itself reflects the growing global trend. Craig E. Harder 4 hours ago Columnists Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Keith Gerein: Departed senior manager wants Edmontonians to have confidence in city projects Fair warning, this is a column on the dull topic of municipal project management, one that also has the gall to suggest that Edmonton’s performance is actually pretty good these days. 22 Comments Keith Gerein 1 day ago Columnists Andrew Cohen: Is America becoming the new 'land of lies'? Character assassination, disinformation, historical revisionism, nativism and racism ravage its democracy. Donald Trump, for one, understands them all. 15 Comments Andrew Cohen 5 days ago Columnists Opinion: New draft electricity framework: Clean and green or ugly scene? By Gary Mar Gary Mar 5 days ago Columnists More opinion stories > weather (Edmonton) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.BusinessFeaturedEnergyLocal Business Varcoe: Trans Mountain expansion's call for oil 'good news' for province's budget surplus, says premier The expanded Trans Mountain pipeline is forecast to shrink the price differential between West Texas Intermediate and Western Canadian Select, which would bolster energy revenues to Alberta. 34 Comments 3 days ago Columnists Katz Group wants to use controversial Downtown gravel parking lots until 2028 The Katz Group wants to keep using two longstanding vacant plots of land north of Rogers Place as surface gravel parking lots for up to five more years, requesting an extension from the city for the second time. 7 Comments 4 days ago Local News Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Alberta Budget 2024: Province wants more skilled workers to close labour gap New programs planned to grow skilled labour workforce, 'attraction bonus' added to Alberta is Calling program 4 days ago Business Alberta oil and gas companies owe rural municipalities at least $250M in property taxes 'Companies continue to profit from Alberta’s resources while ignoring their community obligations and funnelling profits to executives and shareholders,' Paul McLauchlin, president of the RMA, said in a statement 6 Comments 5 days ago Energy Alberta renewables sector fears politicization of energy as moratorium ends CALGARY – A seven-month pause on wind and solar development in Alberta is coming to an end, but some involved in the sector say increased politicization threatens its future growth. 6 days ago Business More business stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.EntertainmentFeaturedTheatreLocal Arts Three to See Edmonton Events: Dwayne Martineau at AGA, Amy van Keeken sings and Oscar shorts Boreal Forest : Friend to the animals and wanderer through the trees Dwayne Martineau uses his considerable imagination here to present this solo sculptural photo project in the Main Hall at Art Gallery of Alberta using uncanny reflections. “My goal is to turn landscapes into portraits and feature nature on its own terms, with personality and intention. I’m trying to knock humans off the pedestal,” says Martineau of his mesmerizing work. “I want to create work that will blow the mind of some awkward kid, like I was, and pay forward some of the formative early encounters with art and science that led me on my weird path.” Come be one of the first to enjoy it! 3 days ago Music Three to See Edmonton Events: OKAN, Celeste Lampa and creepy Stopmotion OKAN : Get ready for spicy! With vocals in Spanish, English and Spanglish, OKAN is led by the Cuban-born violinist-vocalist Elizabeth Rodriguez and percussionist-vocalist Magdelys Savigne — both Grammy and Latin-Grammy nominees and Juno winning as a group. Vocal advocates for freedom of expression, queer rights and gender equality, the band delivers powerful live performances showcasing their incredible harmonies and a frenzy of virtuosic musicianship. Prepare to shake your bones! 4 days ago Local Arts Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Edmonton's Michaella Montana changing the narrative in Indigenous broadcasting as eTalk's new host The journalist from Frog Lake First Nation is the first Indigenous presenter for CTV's entertainment news show, a job that's been a long-held dream for her 4 days ago Television CONCERT ANNOUNCEMENT: Neil Young's Love Earth Tour includes Edmonton date this summer Young's ensuring fans get tickets at face value, and the purchase will include a CD of his new album FU##IN' UP being released in April 9 Comments 4 days ago Entertainment Sam Roberts stops in Edmonton March 1 on first tour since pandemic The Montreal native and his band are supporting last fall's release, The Adventures of Ben Blank, a concept album imagining a fictional character behind Roberts' prior music with Video 5 days ago Entertainment More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Life Three's company: Custom home designed for trio Veneto Custom Homes includes shared spaces — games room, library, four-seasons room — and an elevator to help with aging in place. 3 days ago Homes Edmontonians signal increase in home buying intentions Alberta's young population, in-migration and a possible increase of listings with spring market could be boosting interest in buying a home. 3 days ago Homes Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. GROWING THINGS: Concern about chokecherry gashes from a truck Q We have a six-year-old Schubert chokecherry that was damaged last month when a truck backed into it. The tree now has several small gashes where only the bark appears damaged. However, there is one large gash about 15 cm wide that seems to be several layers (but less than one cm) deep. The tree does not tilt, nor has it cracked. 4 days ago Life Dreams of Kyoto provide inspiration for custom home Kanvi Homes designs a home reflecting couple's love of Japanese and Scandinavian styles. February 23, 2024 Homes GROWING THINGS: How to set Christmas cactus buds Plus, advice to keep your garden parsley thriving inside through the winter February 23, 2024 Life More life stories > Advertisement 8AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Under The Dome Sports Opinion Business Arts Life ePaper SubscribeFollow Edmonton Journal Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Edmonton Journal, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK