Air Purifiers for Your Home & Office | Molekule Skip to Content Save $80 on Air Mini+ and $215 on Air Pro through March 9th. Shop Learn Resources Molekule Blog Business Account 0 Item(s) in Cart Search Login 0 Item(s) in Cart Cart Shop Learn Resources Blog Business Account Air Purifiers Filter & Subscriptions Shop Learn Resources Blog Business Account Login Country United States (USD $) Canada (CAD $) United States (USD $) Search 0 Item(s) in Cart Cart Shop All Air Purifiers Filters & Subscriptions Bundles Refurbished Air Mini+For small rooms up to 250 sq ft Air ProFor spaces up to 1000 sq ft Filters & SubscriptionsClean air, year round. Learn PECO Technology Allergies Wildfire Smoke Destroy Mold Pets Viruses Papers Clear the Air for Allergy Season Learn more Clear the Air for Allergy Season The Effects of Wildfire Smoke Learn more The Effects of Wildfire Smoke The Basics of Mold Removal Learn more The Basics of Mold Removal Resources About Press Careers Authorized Resellers Contact Customer Support Business Inquiries Molekule 360 Hub Government CRRSA Act Education Indoor Air Quality Solutions Enterprise Support Pūrgo™ Account & Rewards Sign In Create an account Manage Subscription Inner Circle Rewards Hundreds of verified 5-star reviews Save $80 on Air Mini+It’s Daylight Savings Time. Shop now Buy now, pay later financing 30-day trial Filter auto-refills Air Pro with PECO-HEPA Tri-Power filter 4.4 Rated 4.4 out of 5 stars266 Reviews $799.99$1,014.99$76.63/month*FREE SHIPPING Shop Now Air Mini+ with PECO-HEPA Tri-Power filter 4.4 Rated 4.4 out of 5 stars495 Reviews $279.99$359.99$25.18/month*FREE SHIPPING Shop Now Get scientifically better indoor air. With 25 years of R&D, rigorous scientific testing and peer-reviewed publications, and FDA clearance for medical use, our patented PECO technology is one-of-a-kind in its capability to not only capture, but break down pollutants like bacteria, viruses, mold, allergens & more. Keep an eye on your air. Connect your purifier to the Molekule app to control your fan speeds, turn on Auto Protect, see your air quality in real time, or track individual pollutant types throughout the previous four weeks. Shop all products Beautiful and elegant design. Designed not only for powerful protection, but with gorgeous aesthetics in mind to be a functional objet d’art in your living space. Shop air purifiers How Molekule is different. At the heart of every Molekule air purifier is a PECO-HEPA Tri-Power filter that combines the power of HEPA’s 99.97% small particle capture efficiency with PECO technology that breaks down pollutants at a molecular level. Learn about our technology Learn more about how Molekule impacts common indoor air concerns. Allergies Learn more About Allergies Wildfire smoke Learn more About Wildfire smoke Mold Learn more About Mold Viruses Learn more About Viruses Science-backed air purifiers that customers trust. Get the FAQs on Molekule air purifiers The right purifer can make all the difference. Here are some questions you may be asking yourself. Is Molekule FDA approved? Molekule has several products that are FDA cleared as Class II medical devices under the 510(k) program. These products have undergone extensive testing and evaluation they're safe and effective. This includes determining their ability to destroy bacteria, viruses, and mold, as well as airborne particles. The FDA clearance indicates that they meet strict regulatory standards and can be used with confidence in medical settings. It's worth noting that Molekule's devices aim to improve indoor air quality by reducing harmful particulate matter in the air and not intending to diagnose or treat any medical conditions. What is Molekule's return policy? Molekule's refund policy allows you to request a full refund within 30 days of the shipment date if you are unsatisfied with your purchase. Refurbished units are final sale and not eligible for the 30-day return offer. You must request a return authorization from customer service and return the air purifier in good physical condition with all the original parts included. If the purchase was made from an authorized retailer, you must follow the retailer's policies for returns. It's important to note that purchases for use in healthcare or medical facilities are nonrefundable. What makes Molekule air purifiers different from other air purifiers? Molekule's indoor air purifiers differ from traditional air purifiers on the market in that they use a combination of PECO and HEPA technology, which go beyond trapping pollutants on a filter to destroy them at the molecular level. This technology destroys bacteria, viruses, and volatile organic compounds (VOCs), while HEPA technology captures allergens and other small particles to improve air quality for you and your family. Furthermore, these powerful machines are aesthetically pleasing and quiet, making them suitable for any room in your home. Is Molekule's technology safe for people and pets? Yes, Molekule's technology is safe for people and pets. Scientists in independent third-party labs thoroughly tested PECO technology and found it to be safe and effective for use in homes and other indoor spaces. This tech works by breaking down airborne pollutants at a molecular level, creating harmless byproducts like carbon dioxide and water vapor. Additionally, the air purifiers are designed to be safe for pets and children, with no hazardous parts such as exposed blades or other moving materials. Air quality education articles The Best Smart Air Purifier for Pet Dander by The Molekule Insights Team March 04, 2024 3 min read Read more The Best Smart Air Purifier for Pet Dander What is the best air purifier for dust mites? by Catherine Poslusny February 16, 2024 7 min read Read more What is the best air purifier for dust mites? Indoor Allergies in Pets: Environmental and Seasonal by The Molekule Insights Team February 02, 2024 5 min read Read more Indoor Allergies in Pets: Environmental and Seasonal Let's stay connected. Sign up to receive our newsletter and exclusive offers. Email* Subscribe Company About Blog Careers Press Investors Customer Support Enterprise Support Legal Air purifiers Air Mini+ Air Pro Pūrgo™ Bundles Refurbished Replacement Parts Manage Loyalty Refer A Friend Filters Filters & Subscriptions Air Pro Filter Air Mini+ / Air Mini Filter Air Filter Refer A Friend Business Inquiries CRRSA Act Education Indoor Air Quality Solutions Government Where to buy Canada United States Retailers Community Heroes Discounts Privacy policy Do not sell or share my personal information Terms of service Warranty & Return policy Loyalty Program Policy Country United States (USD $) Canada (CAD $) United States (USD $) Country United States (USD $) Canada (CAD $) United States (USD $) © 2024 Molekule. Search our shop What are you looking for? What are you looking for?