WINK News - Breaking News and Weather | First. Fair. Everywhere GET IT ON G E T I T O N Skip to content Menu WINK News News Charlotte County Collier County Lee County Crime State You saw it on WINK Health & Medical Most Wanted Wednesday Making Ends Meet National & Global LATEST NEWS5 killed in small plane crash off Nashville interstateEvangelical Christian School to buy former Hodges University campus Weather Traffic Politics Investigations Business Sports Submit a news tip Watch Now Toggle Search Search Search for: Search News Charlotte County Collier County Lee County Crime State You saw it on WINK Health & Medical Most Wanted Wednesday Making Ends Meet National & Global Weather Traffic Politics Investigations Business Sports Submit a news tip Follow us on: Facebook Twitter TALLAHASSEE (CBS) Florida Senate passes revamped social media bill Gearing up for an expected legal battle, the Florida Senate overwhelmingly passed a revamped plan aimed at keeping children off social media on Monday. Facebook, Instagram face outages; 500,000 users affected Facebook and Instagram are experiencing mass outages, locking out thousands of accounts. MIAMI BEACH Gov. DeSantis talks about law and order and spring break visitors in Miami Beach Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis held a press conference regarding law and order during spring break in Miami Beach. Possible showers could wash out your Tuesday afternoon WINK News Meteorologist Nash Rhodes is tracking possible rain showers for your Tuesday afternoon. FORT MYERS Engine of plane headed to RSW catches fire midflight forcing emergency landing Passengers from a flight from Houston to Fort Myers were met with a tremendous scare as an emergency landing had to be made due to a plane engine catching fire. FORT MYERS Jorge Guerrero’s attorneys fail to reach plea deal ahead of murder trial for 9-year-old Diana Alvarez Jorge Guerrero, who stands accused of killing 9-year-old Diana Alvarez, has been denied a plea deal. CAPE CORAL Juveniles arrested for kicking door frame of Cape Coral home Three juveniles have been arrested after being accused of kicking the door frame of a home in Cape Coral. FORT MYERS Evangelical Christian School makes possible deal to purchase Hodges University Evangelical Christian School made a possible deal to purchase the Hodges University buildings on Colonial Boulevard in Fort Myers to serve as its new high school facility. PUNTA GORDA Charlotte County car chase ends in two arrests A crane was needed to pick up a smashed car and debris off the highway after Florida Highway Patrol troopers say a driver crashed near the Tuckers Grade exit during a chase. FORT MYERS BEACH ‘Man Without a Plan?’ Fort Myers Beach Project Stalls, Leaving Family in Limbo A Fort Myers Beach family was offered a new house to replace the one destroyed by Hurricane Ian. Where does the project stand now? Facebook, Instagram face outages; 500,000 users affected Facebook and Instagram are experiencing mass outages, locking out thousands of accounts. Gov. DeSantis talks about law and order and spring break visitors in Miami Beach Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis held a press conference regarding law and order during spring break in Miami Beach. Gulfshore Business View all Evangelical Christian School to buy former Hodges University campus Listed at $26 million by LSI Companies, the campus has two buildings totaling 110,000 square feet on 17 acres at 4445 Winkler Ave. Lee County commissioners could have violated Sunshine Law, legal experts say Sunshine Law requires policy decisions to be made in public with records of those meetings being recorded. Longtime Beacon bowling alley plans to relocate in North Naples The old Beacon Bowl will close in August as plans are being finalized for its replacement. NCH Neurosurgeon brings “Teddy the Bear” to life with Metal, for pediatric care NCH Healthcare system neurosurgeon Dr. Mark B. Gerber, MD spends his days saving peoples lives in the operating room, creates metal art on the weekends. Seventh South replacing Three60 Market in East Naples Rebecca Maddox said needed to retire from the hands-on attention she devoted to Three60 Market since she launched it 13 years ago. Sunseeker Resort Charlotte Harbor opens newest restaurant A construction glitch inside Blue Lime caused the delay, but those who were awaiting the restaurant’s modern Mexican cuisine Chef Juan Ramos calls “Baja-inspired,” can now feast on authentic south of the border offerings with the chef’s own twists. Join our Newsletter for the latest news right to your inbox Sign up for e-mail alerts from WINK News Investigations Time-tested technology: Why most SWFL law enforcement trust it for tracking people with cognitive issues For caregivers of loved ones with memory or learning challenges, the constant worry of them wandering off and getting hurt can be agonizing. Do students, faculty feel safe at Lee County Schools? District survey finds mixed results Survey data says students and some faculty members felt unsafe in their learning and teaching environments. Car parts shortage leaves drivers stranded Pandemic-related supply chain shortages have become so normal that we’ve gotten used to them. The good news is the shortages are getting better, but not when it comes to car parts. Lehigh looking for help: Latest data shows issues inside, outside the classroom Attacks and fighting to go along with low test scores; FLDOE data paints a concerning picture in Lehigh Acres. Hop on! LeeTran ridership down, but driving toward bright future Lee County public transit is seeing less than half the ridership it got 10 years ago. State News View all Florida Senate passes revamped social media bill Gearing up for an expected legal battle, the Florida Senate overwhelmingly passed a revamped plan aimed at keeping children off social media on Monday. New ice cream shop opens on Sanibel From the ice cream lights to the colorful decor, the Magic Bus is a new ice cream shop that takes you back to simpler days. More than 30 people help mother manatee and calf return to their habitat More than 30 wildlife officials worked together to help a once severely injured mother manatee and her calf return to their habitat. Plane veers off runway at Page Field A plane has veered off of the runway at Page Field. Searching the Everglades for invasive Northern African pythons Burmese pythons are not the only large invasive constrictor slithering through the Everglades, Florida wildlife officials also search for the Northern African Rock python. Health & Medical View all New device destroys brain aneurysms More than six million Americans are living with what may be a ticking time-bomb in the form of an unruptured brain aneurysm. Most people don’t know they have one until it’s too late. A brain aneurysm ruptures every 18 minutes. Now there’s a new device that is helping to destroy them before it causes a stroke or worse. Dementia and cognitive impairment News that celebrity Wendy Williams has been diagnosed with aphasia and dementia is putting these conditions in the spotlight. Dementia and Aphasia are both forms of cognitive decline. “The expectation as we age is either you need to remember everything or you have a problem,” said Dr. Amberrose Reale, “or we also jumped to conclusions […] New treatment for heartbreaking disease Imagine your baby is born healthy, and then within months, they start to lose the ability to move their arms, legs, fingers and toes. Lee Health saving mitral heart valves Every year, almost 200,000 Americans undergo a heart valve replacement. At Lee Health, doctors hope to avoid that by fixing the valve if possible. The health system is carving out a niche in mitral valve repair. A mother’s fight for justice for the mentally ill Cindee Murphy is on a mission to keep those who are mentally ill out of prison and to get help for inmates already in custody. Eye ointments sold nationwide recalled due to infection risk Multiple brands of lubricant eye ointments are being recalled due to a risk of infection after federal inspectors found unsterile conditions at the Indian plant where the products were manufactured. The Environment View all Third alligator removed from Cape Coral lake in one year Three alligators had to be removed from a Cape Coral neighborhood after approaching a mother and her children. Naples Zoo debuting Ann and Sen. Rick Scott flamingo habitat The Naples Zoo has been busy adding orangutans, tapirs and more but they are not done yet and are set to debut more new features. UK students take annual visit to FGCU to explore local wetlands Several students from Ales went right into Southwest Florida’s wetlands to explore in the midst of murky water, moss, frogs and maybe even a couple gators. WINK Sports View all Cape Coral native leads MLB clubhouse on and off the mound Cape Coral alum Shane McClanahan is spending the 2024 season rehabbing and motivating the young pitchers in the Rays’ rotation. Warriors’ gritty path to a hockey championship began without enough players In true underdog fashion, at the beginning of the season the Warriors were close to not having a team and now they’re state champions. Collier County 11-year-old signs NIL deal The Armstrong’s hope J2’s involvement on the court and in the water serve as a reminder to other kids that they are more than just athletes. Walt Wesley reflects on basketball career and his impact in Fort Myers Walt Wesley, a two-time All-American basketball player at Kansas and 10-year NBA pro, reflects on his basketball career and legacy in Fort Myers. Play like a girl: Lee County begins its first ever girls flag football season The first time Isabella Martinez played football was three weeks ago, and while it felt weird for her at first, she’s getting more comfortable with the sport now that Lee County’s first-ever girls flag football season has kicked off. FGCU swimmer breaking records as a freshman Jasmin Kroll’s lead leg split in the 800 free relay at the ASUN Conference Championship set the school and ASUN Championship record. Fans welcome Twins and Red Sox full rosters for Spring Training Both the Minnesota Twins and Boston Red Sox now have their full Spring Training rosters and passionate fans back in Southwest Florida. Inter Miami’s Lionel Messi continuing to grow the sport in America Even during warmups, the crowd goes crazy every time Lionel Messi touches the ball. He’s considered by many to be the greatest soccer player in the world. For fans like Ronald Zabala, Messi is more than just a player. “He’s our leader. He’s our god,” Zabala said. Zabala and his family traveled to Fort Lauderdale […] Gunfire at Chiefs’ Super Bowl celebration kills 1 and wounds nearly two dozen, including children A historic railway station on the edge of downtown Kansas City became the latest backdrop for a mass shooting as gunfire near the end of the Kansas City Chiefs’ Super Bowl celebration sent terrified fans scrambling for cover and left 21 people wounded — including at least eight children — and a mother of two dead. Shooting after Chiefs Super Bowl parade seemed to stem from dispute among several people, police say Police Chief Stacey Graves said that the 22 people injured in the shooting ranged between the ages of 8 and 47 years old. Campaign Central View all Super Tuesday’s dominance highlights how presidential selection process can exclude many US voters As an independent, Christian Miller can’t vote in Pennsylvania’s closed presidential primary in April. He said it wouldn’t matter even if he could. Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday Donald Trump won the North Dakota Republican presidential caucuses on Monday, adding to his string of victories heading into Super Tuesday. Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack The Supreme Court on Monday restored Donald Trump to 2024 presidential primary ballots, rejecting state attempts to hold the Republican former president accountable for the Capitol riot. WINK News First Fair Everywhere About News Team Contact WINK Privacy Policy Help Desk EEO Report Newsletter Upload Files Public File Employment Follow us on: Facebook Twitter App Store Google Play Copyright ©2024 WINK Digital Media