Herbal Academy – Best Online Herbalism Education View Cart (0) Contact Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Sign In Please sign in first Username Password Lost Your Password? |Sign Up Courses View All Courses Introductory Herbal Course Intermediate Herbal Course Business Herbal Course Botanical Skin Care Course Clinical Herbalist Path Package Natural Perfumery Course Mastering Herbal Formulation Course Workshops View all Workshops Free Cancer Series: Held in Hope Emulsifiers and Preservatives in Botanical Skin Care Products Online Nature Camp: Herbalism For Kids Herbal Aphrodisiacs Intensive The Herbarium Visit the Blog Botanical DIY Eat Well Live Well Our Favorites Shop Goods Shop All Goods Botanical Skin Care Recipe Book Materia Medica Journal Instagram Posts in Print Plant ID Tote Bag Dateless Herbal Calendar About Us Press and Media The School Team Herbal Academy Testimonials Learn about Certification FAQ Open MenuShop Herbalism Courses View Herbal Workshops The Herbarium Membership Herbal Blog Goods Shop About Us FAQ Get our Free Ebook! Follow the Plant Path Online and self-paced HERBALISM COURSES "A one in a million place!" Learn More THE HERBARIUM The Best Membership for Herbalists Want to study herbs at an affordable price? The Herbarium membership is a great addition or alternative to enrolling in an online program. Sign up and get access to our ever-growing collection of herbal resources including our in-depth Plant Monograph Database. Visit The Herbarium AS SEEN IN Introductory Herbal Course This self study program gives students with little or no herbal experience a glimpse into the world of herbs, kindling an enthusiasm for a lifelong course of learning. View Course VIEW ALL COURSES Intermediate Herbal Course Have you laid the groundwork for your adventures in the boundless world of herbalism? This course is perfect for those ready to take the next step in their education. View Course VIEW ALL COURSES Advanced Herbal Course Prepare for clinical herbalism. The Advanced Herbal Course has been designed to prepare students working toward a career as professional herbal practitioners. View Course VIEW ALL COURSES I finished the Intermediate Herbal Course yesterday, so I look forward to diving into the Entrepreneur Herbal Course next. I truly am so impressed with the course. Since starting, I’ve been waking up at 5 a.m. every morning to study for a few hours before work. Those early-morning times with my materia medica open, the fire burning, and my dogs curled up on either side of my lap have brought so much joy. Thank you for helping to provide that! - Hannah Editor at Heirloom Gardener Visit the Herbal Bookshelf — Your guide to finding the right books to support your herbal education! VISIT THE BOOKSHELF February 08 2024 book excerpt | Karen M. Rose The Practice of Spiritual Herbalism and How It Relates to Sexual Health In The Art & Practice of Spiritual Herbalism: Transform, Heal, and Remember with the Power of Plants and Ancestral Medicine, Read Post by Herbal Academy Click here to view all blog posts January 10 2024 ashwagandha root | lemon balm 5 Herbs for Mental Health Support It’s that time of year again. The seasons are shifting, and while we savor the beauty of changing seasons, some Read Post by Melissa Szaro Click here to view all blog posts August 18 2020 african american | black herbalism Roots of African American Herbalism: Herbal Use by Enslaved Africans This article cannot possibly cover more than 400 years of herbal use and knowledge by enslaved Africans and their descendants. Read Post by Alyson Morgan Click here to view all blog posts A GLANCE INTO THE HERBAL ACADEMY The mission of the Herbal Academy is to teach the art and science of plant medicine honoring our intrinsic connection to nature. We celebrate the community-centered spirit of herbalism by collaborating with a wide diversity of herbalists to create an herbal school that presents many herbal traditions and points of view! Meet Your Teachers Clinical Herbalist Path Package VIEW OPTIONS Click here to view our store Entrepreneur Herbalist Path Package VIEW OPTIONS Click here to view our store Professional Herbalist Path Package VIEW OPTIONS Click here to view our store Family Herbalist Path Package VIEW OPTIONS Click here to view our store Herbal Blog About Us Contact Us Courses Affiliate Program Disclosure & Terms Join our Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube © COPYRIGHT THE HERBAL ACADEMY Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email Name Website