U.S. Department of State Archive Skip to Main Content You are viewing: ArchivedContent Information released online from January 20, 2009 to January 20, 2017. Note: Content in this archive site is not updated, and links may not function. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views contained therein. Go to the current State.gov website for up-to-date information. DOS Seal U.S. Department of State Diplomacy in Action Video Twitter Facebook More Flickr YouTube Instagram Google+ Tumblr DipNote Blog RSS Subscribe Toggle Topbar Menu Secretary Kerry Remarks Travel Photos Biography About Mission Statement QDDR Organization Chart Budget Department of State by State Rules and Info Collection Partner With State Senior Officials Alphabetical List of Bureaus and Offices Advisory Groups Biographies Plans, Performance, Budgets Agency Financial Reports Open Government Initiative No FEAR Act Inspector General Hotline U.S. Embassies and Other Posts American Foreign Service Association What We Do Arms Control and International Security Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment Management Political Affairs Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Policy Issues Anti-Corruption Climate & Environment Counterterrorism & Countering Violent Extremism Cyber Issues Defeating ISIL Democracy & Human Rights Economic Affairs & Trade Policy Energy Food Security Health Diplomacy Nonproliferation Oceans & Arctic Refugees Trafficking in Persons Women's Issues Countries & Regions A-Z List of Countries and Other Areas Africa (Sub-Sahara) East Asia and the Pacific Europe and Eurasia Near East (northern Africa, Middle East) South and Central Asia Western Hemisphere (Latin America, the Caribbean, Canada) UN & Other International Organizations Press Daily Press Briefings Press Releases Public Schedule Secretary Kerry's Releases International Media Engagement RSS News Feeds Email Subscriptions Foreign Press Center Secretary Kerry's Farewell Remarks Secretary Kerry (Jan. 19): "I am absolutely confident now that people are prepared to fight for the future in the same way, with the same energy, with the same vision and the same commitment." Full Text» More» A Conversation With John Kerry: Diplomacy in an Era of Disruption Secretary Kerry (Jan. 17): "The United States of America has been more engaged on more issues with more crises simultaneously and with greater outcomes and consequence to that engagement on a global basis than at any time in American history." Full Text» Trip Page» Reflecting on Eight Years of U.S. Refugee Assistance Assistant Secretary Richard (Jan. 17): "During the last eight years, the number of refugees in the world has climbed to levels not seen since World War II. ... In response, using funds provided by Congress, PRM has nearly doubled contributions to life-saving aid operations in crisis zones." DipNote» Daily Press Briefing January 19, 2017 Quick Links Passports Visas Careers Diversity Visa Travel Warnings Per Diem Rates In Other News New Federal Grant Resources Playbook Available Jan. 19: The Open Licensing Playbook offers responses to federal grant-officers’ common questions, and highlights federal use cases. It is designed to support federal efforts to increase efficacy of grant funds, as well as opportunities for innovation and collaborative practices using federally-funded resources. More» More U.S. and Cuba Sign Search and Rescue Agreement Jan. 18: The United States and Cuba signed a bilateral agreement to strengthen cooperation in the field of maritime and aeronautical search and rescue. Full Text» More» More Iraq Issues $1 Billion Sovereign Bond With U.S. Guarantee Jan. 18: The Republic of Iraq successfully closed on its offering of a $1 billion sovereign bond issuance guaranteed by the United States of America. More» More Twitter Department of State @StateDept 1h Secretary @JohnKerry recognizes the importance of some of the lesser-known @StateDept initiatives and successes Secretary Kerry on Lesser-Known State Department Successes U.S. Department of State Department of State @StateDept 1h Secretary @JohnKerry shares his belief in a bright future ahead - for @StateDept, the United State, and the world. Secretary Kerry on Building a Better Future U.S. Department of State More DipNote January 19, 2017 What We Got Right With a new administration taking office this week, it is natural to assess the inheritance it will receive from the… More More Flickr More Business Business Support: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Office of Global Partnerships Commercial and Business Affairs Office Key Officers of Foreign Service Posts Trade Policy and Programs Defense Trade Controls Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization Recovery and Reinvestment Act Service Contract Inventory Careers Consular Fellows Program Foreign Service Officer Civil Service Officer Foreign Service Specialist International Organizations Student Programs USAJobs: Working for America Education & Exchanges Discover Diplomacy Global Youth Issues Diplomatic History Office of Overseas Schools Exchange Visitor Program Fulbright Program Student Career Programs Youth Exchange Programs U.S. Diplomacy Center Intercountry Adoption Parental Child Abduction Travel Passports Visas Travel Information Emergency Services Intercountry Adoption Parental Child Abduction Foreign Per Diem Rates Archive Contact Us FAQ Search Share Subject Index Accessibility Statement Copyright Information External Link Policy FOIA No Fear Act Privacy Policy Office of Inspector General BusinessUSA White House USA.gov U.S. Embassies The Office of Website Management, Bureau of Public Affairs, manages this site as a portal for information from the U.S. State Department.External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein.Note: documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe Acrobat Reader. Top Javascript is disabled in your browser. For the best experience on this web site, please enable Javascript. You are entering the 2009-2017 Archive for the U.S. Department of State. If you are looking for current information, visit www.state.gov. ×