ITP / IMA skip to main content About Message from Dean Green About Tisch Our Campus Leadership Tisch Directory Careers Contact Us Visit Tisch Future Imagination Fund Programs & Departments Institutes Maurice Kanbar Institute of Film & Television Institute of Performing Arts Institute of Emerging Media Martin Scorsese Institute of Global Cinematic Arts Undergraduate Collaborative Arts Dance Drama Performance Studies Martin Scorsese Department of Cinema Studies Rita & Burton Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing Undergraduate Film & Television Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music Interactive Media Arts (IMA) NYU Game Center Photography & Imaging Open Arts Minors Courses for Non-Majors Graduate Art & Public Policy Dance Design for Stage & Film Grad Acting Graduate Musical Theatre Writing Performance Studies Martin Scorsese Department of Cinema Studies Graduate Film Rita & Burton Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing Virtual Production ITP / IMA NYU Game Center MA in Media Producing Courses for Non-Majors High School Programs J-Term/Spring/Summer Tisch Pro/Online Study Abroad Special Programs Student Affairs Research Creative Research Center for Research & Study Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Tuition Information Financial Aid Contact Admissions FAQ Diversity & Inclusion News & Events News Events Day of Community Giving Why Support Tisch? Institutional Giving Ways to Give Dean's Council Tisch Parents' Council Tisch Gala The Development & Alumni Relations Team Tisch Giving News NYU One Day Community Prospective Students Incoming Students Current Students Parents Faculty Alumni Administrators Mobile Menu About Message from Dean Green About Tisch Our Campus Leadership Tisch Directory Careers Contact Us Visit Tisch Future Imagination Fund Programs & Departments Institutes Maurice Kanbar Institute of Film & Television Institute of Performing Arts Institute of Emerging Media Martin Scorsese Institute of Global Cinematic Arts Undergraduate Collaborative Arts Dance Drama Performance Studies Martin Scorsese Department of Cinema Studies Rita & Burton Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing Undergraduate Film & Television Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music Interactive Media Arts (IMA) NYU Game Center Photography & Imaging Open Arts Minors Courses for Non-Majors Graduate Art & Public Policy Dance Design for Stage & Film Grad Acting Graduate Musical Theatre Writing Performance Studies Martin Scorsese Department of Cinema Studies Graduate Film Rita & Burton Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing Virtual Production ITP / IMA NYU Game Center MA in Media Producing Courses for Non-Majors High School Programs High School Programs High school students participate in college-level artistic training in New York City and online. These intensive and enriching courses are taught by Tisch undergraduate faculty. More J-Term/Spring/Summer J-Term Spring Summer Visiting students and non-majors are invited to take classes during January Term, Spring at Tisch, and Summer. Earn credits towards your major or minor, build your résumé with an internship, or take classes to change careers. Come be inspired by New York City and our international sites. More Tisch Pro/Online Tisch Pro/Online Tisch Pro/Online Courses are non-credit/non-degree courses giving you professional training in various artistic industries. Build your creative skillset with an online course or join us in New York City. More Study Abroad Study Abroad Experience the world in a whole new way. Our short-term and semester-long study abroad programs are specially designed to draw on the artistic strengths of our global partners and incorporate the rich history, techniques and traditions of each country. More Special Programs Special Programs The Office of Special Programs at Tisch School of the Arts provides access to the arts. Whether you’re an NYU or visiting college student, high school student or working professional, we provide you with the introductory exposure to the performing or cinematic arts and the advanced-level training to grow your craft. More Student Affairs Student Affairs The Tisch Office of Student Affairs comprises 20 professionals on a mission to provide you with the support you need to find meaningful community and success as artists and scholars during your time at Tisch and beyond. More Research Creative Research The Initiative supports and highlights interdisciplinary and collaborative research in all modalities, present and imagined - encouraging curiosity, investigation, and entrepreneurism, through advocacy, grant planning, mentorship and funding opportunities. More Center for Research & Study The Center gathers three scholarly departments at Tisch whose main focus lies on the creation of theory, historical research, and critical and social analysis in areas relevant to art making: Art & Public Policy, Cinema Studies, and Performance Studies. More Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Tuition Information Financial Aid Contact Admissions FAQ Diversity & Inclusion News & Events News Events Day of Community Giving Why Support Tisch? Institutional Giving Ways to Give Dean's Council Tisch Parents' Council Tisch Gala The Development & Alumni Relations Team Tisch Giving News NYU One Day Community Prospective Students Incoming Students Current Students Parents Faculty Alumni Administrators Home ITP / IMA ITP / IMA Menu Admissions ITP MPS Graduate Program ITP Admissions Open House for graduate studies IMA BFA Undergraduate Program IMA Admissions Open House for undergraduate BFA studies IMA Low Res Graduate Program Courses ITP Graduate Courses IMA Undergraduate Courses IMA Low Res Graduate Courses Events News People Explore ITP ITP Project Finder How To Find Us Give To the Red Burns Fund Student Health and Wellness ITP Camp Project Fellowship Equitable ITP/IMA ITP | IMA offers four programs focused on creative and meaningful application of interactive tools and media. Interactive Telecommunications Program (ITP - graduate) ITP’s mission is to explore the imaginative use of communications technologies—how they might augment, improve, and bring delight, utility and meaning into people's lives. Students earn a terminal Master's degree after two years of intensive technical, creative and conceptual work. Graduate applications for the Fall 2024 cycle have closed. If you wish to be considered for a late application, please write to midori.yasuda@nyu.edu. For a good representation of the type of work that happens at ITP, see the ITP 2023 thesis project archive! Interactive Media Arts (IMA – undergraduate) IMA is an undergraduate program for students who want to explore the creative possibilities of technology and interactivity. Students achieve technical fluency in a wide variety of emerging forms of media and study the cultural and societal effects alongside a world class education in the liberal arts. Apply for the Fall 2024 term! Apply now to earn your BFA at IMA, NYU! IMA Low Residency Program (IMA Low Res – graduate) Low Res is a unique one-year graduate school experience in creative and meaningful application of technology that offers three site-specific sessions across the University’s Global Network interspersed by two semesters of online learning. For a good representation of the type of work that happens at IMA Low Res, see the IMA Low Res 2022 thesis project archive! The application for the Summer 2024 cycle is now open we are accepting applications on a rolling basis. Apply now! ITP Camp (non-degree) Applications for ITP Camp Summer 2024 is now available! Apply here! ITP Camp provides a 4-week creative and cooperative playground during the month of June for exploring the latest possibilities with expressive technologies. This camp is for adult makers, artists, designers, technologists, musicians, programmers, fabricators and creatives at all stages of their careers and practices. ------------------------------------------------------------- ITP/IMA Staff and faculty are working on a mixed schedule of in-person and remote. For assistance, you can always use our People Page for contact information, or address questions to: info@itp.nyu.edu For more on NYU’s COVID-19 response, re-opening process, health and safety protocols and more, please click the links below: NYU Coronavirus Information NYU Campus Life Learn More Follow Us facebook twitter vimeo instagram P This is ITP Events News Accessibility Careers Contact Us Feedback Intellectual Property Map & Directions Privacy Follow Us facebook twitter vimeo instagram