The CentOS Project Toggle navigation Download About About CentOS Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Special Interest Groups (SIGs) CentOS Variants Governance Code of Conduct Community Contribute Forums Mailing Lists IRC Calendar & IRC Meeting List Blog Submit Bug Documentation Wiki Manuals GPG Key Info Help The CentOS Project Community-driven free software effort focused around the goal of providing a rich base platform for open source communities to build upon. We offer two Linux variants: (What's the difference?) CentOS Linux Consistent, manageable platform that suits a wide variety of deployments. For some open source communities, it is a solid, predictable base to build upon. CentOS Stream Continuously delivered distro that tracks just ahead of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) development, positioned as a midstream between Fedora Linux and RHEL. For anyone interested in participating and collaborating in the RHEL ecosystem, CentOS Stream is your reliable platform for innovation. Contribute Forums Mailing Lists IRC Calendar & IRC Meeting List Blog Submit Bug End dates are coming in 2024 for CentOS Stream 8 and CentOS Linux 7. Check the blog post for information on upgrade and migration options. News and events Connect at FOSDEM Dec 8, 2023 — Join us at CentOS Connect on February 1-2, 2024, right before FOSDEM. CentOS Connect features presentations and meetups around CentOS Stream, Special Interest Groups, and the entire Enterprise Linux ecosystem. The event is free, but please register to ensure we have space for you. Around CentOS CentOS Hyperscale SIG Quarterly Report for 2023Q4 Jan 29, 2024 — This report covers work that happened between September 1st 2023 and January 26th 2024. For previous work, see the 2023Q2 report. Purpose The Hypersca... January 2024 News Jan 26, 2024 — January 2024 News CentOS Connect will be held February 1-2 in Brussels, right before FOSDEM. Join us for two days of presentations and meetups. The Di... Managing Internal CI Tests with TMT for CentOS Stream Updates Jan 23, 2024 — HealthTrio has adopted CentOS Stream 9 for several use cases within our system. We have a few dozen servers supporting operations like sandbox environ... CentOS Infrastructure Summary 2023 Jan 15, 2024 — This is a summary of the work done by the CentOS Infrastructure team. This team maintains the infrastructure for both CentOS and CentOS Stream. This u... Distributions Devroom at FOSDEM 2024 Dec 1, 2023 — In two months, the CentOS Project returns to FOSDEM in Brussels, Belgium on February 3-4, 2024. We will host CentOS Connect on the two dates before FO... Sponsors CentOS would not be possible without the support of our sponsors. We would like to thank the following product/service for being a CentOS sponsor. If you value our work, please consider becoming a sponsor! About About CentOS Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Special Interest Groups (SIGs) CentOS Variants Governance Code of Conduct Community Contribute Forums Mailing Lists IRC Calendar & IRC Meeting List Blog Submit Bug The CentOS Project Community-driven free software effort focused around the goal of providing a rich base platform for open source communities to build upon. Copyright © 2024 The CentOS Project | Legal | Privacy | Site source