BrightLocal - All-in-One Local SEO, Citations, and Review Management. GOOGLE ANALYTICS 4: ESSENTIALS FOR LOCAL SEO Enroll in BrightLocal Academy's new, free video course START TODAY Close We stand with Ukraine BrightLocal Academy Help Center Contact Support Login Explore Back Track Local Rankings Get a complete picture of your ranking performance Local Rank Tracker Local Search Grid New! Marketing Command Center for Multi-Location Brands Audit Local SEO Audit, track and improve every part of your local SEO profile Citation Tracker Local Search Audit Google Business Profile Audit Reputation Management Manage, generate and showcase your online reviews Get Reviews Monitor Reviews Showcase Reviews Listings Management Take full control of listings with our unique hybrid approach Citation Builder Active Sync GBP Post Scheduler Local Data Aggregators Yext Replacement Service HTML ELEMENTShort on time? Check out the BrightLocal platform all on one pageExplore now Citation Builder Solutions Back For Agencies and Consultants Win and retain clients with white-label solutions For Multi-Location Brands Manage SEO, listings and reputation across multiple locations For Small Businesses Increase search visibility and attract new customers New Product Marketing Command Center for Multi-Location Brands HTML ELEMENTCase StudiesLearn how our customers have accelerated their success with BrightLocalView case studies Pricing Insights Back News The latest local search news and updates from BrightLocal Webinars Insightful, expert webinars devoted to local search Learn Kick-start your local SEO efforts with our educational pieces Research All of BrightLocal’s respected and widely-cited research in one place Resources Top review and citation sites, lists, guidelines, graphics, and more Podcast Adventures in Local Marketing: Insightful conversations with the brightest minds in local marketing HTML ELEMENTNew: Brand Beacon Report 2024Benchmarking Local Marketing Excellence for Multi-location BrandsRead report About Us Back About BrightLocal Our passion is helping you succeed in local marketing Careers Are you our next BrightLocaller? Join a company that cares Affiliate Program Earn commission while helping other businesses grow Case Studies See the difference BrightLocal’s tools can make Contact Us Got a question? Our support specialists are on hand to help Book a demo Try for free Never guess your way through local SEO again Some marketers are happy guessing how to improve local search rankings. For everyone else, there’s BrightLocal. In minutes, you’ll audit locations to uncover your best opportunities to rank higher, and get everything you need to improve your local rankings under one roof. Start a free trial Build citations 14-day free trial All features No card required 4.8/5 Based on 1,000+ reviews on: G2,Capterra,Trustpilot 2.513.114.592.51Avg. Rating143210214CallsAvg. Map RankChange0.113.55.65.32.52.1 Used daily by 10,000+ marketers, agencies, and multi-location brands BrightLocal helps agencies scale and multi-location brands grow For Scaling Agencies See how agencies use BrightLocal to save 80% of time spent on auditing, reporting, and ranking locations—with a streamlined way to do local SEO from start to finish. Solutions for Agencies "What used to take the agency 10 hours manually we can now do in 10 minutes with BrightLocal." Matthew Travers Executive VP, Lead to Conversion For Multi-Location Brands See how marketers use BrightLocal to rank, manage, and optimize their locations—to outrank competitors and drive more customers through the door. Solutions for Brands "Thanks to BrightLocal I was able to achieve completely dominant positions of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd across multiple cities." Angus Matthews Marketing Manager, Orchard Care Homes Are you a small local business looking to rank higher? Keep reading... our tools work great for you, too. Tired of guessing how to improve local rankings? You’re a marketer, agency owner, or local business owner. You don’t have time to manually do a laundry list of things that might improve your rankings. Instead, you want to know the immediate actions you can take to drive results. Traditional SEO tools not giving you the insights you need? Generalist SEO tools like Ahrefs and Semrush are great, but they’re not built for local marketers. They might show you where you rank generally, but not why—in specific locations—and point out the actions you need to take to improve. Traditional SEO tools: ❌ Aren’t built for local marketers ❌ Don’t cover all parts of the local puzzle ❌ Leave you paying $$$ for tools you don’t need BrightLocal uncovers how to improve your local rankings... So you can focus on the improvements that drive results! With BrightLocal in your back pocket, you can audit a location to uncover your best opportunities to rank higher, and get everything you need to make those improvements under one roof. Start by auditing your first location today bullet No card required bullet Get insights in 2 minutes bullet 14-day full-access trial Get started Everything you need to do local SEO from start to finish Audit locations to uncover your biggest opportunities No more guesswork. BrightLocal’s auditing tools crawl 300+ data points across local search, citations, and Google Business Profile to flag issues—and highlight your biggest opportunities to improve. Track listings and find citation opportunities Optimize your Google Business Profile In minutes, see how to rank higher Tools to audit local SEO Track rankings to find ways to continually improve Go beyond basic rank tracking. Track specific keywords in target locations and monitor where—and why—you rank among competitors to find ways to optimize your visibility and climb rankings. See where you rank all over the city/state/region Keep tabs on competitors Spot ways to continually improve Tools to help you rank higher Generate reports in your own branding that anyone can understand Forget sinking time into generating and sharing reports people struggle to understand. With BrightLocal, you can generate sharable reports that show the impact of your work and start conversations in minutes. White-label everything Share with a URL in a click Reports that gives you all the credit Collect, respond, and monitor reviews with ease One of the best ways to improve local rankings is by building a solid reputation. BrightLocal gives you everything you need to collect, respond, monitor, and display reviews—across multiple platforms—all under one roof. Never miss a review with 80+ review sites tracked Scale review generation via SMS, email, and in-store campaigns Convert more website visitors with easy-to-install review widgets Tools to help you build a brilliant reputation Manage listings for multiple locations, all in one place Building citations. Updating opening hours. Making sure listings are up to date… it all takes time. And as you scale, traditional listing services can get seriously expensive. BrightLocal’s hybrid approach to listings management gives you everything you need to grow and manage 100s of locations at an unbeatable price. Identify, build, and update listings on 100s of sites—with no recurring fees! Sync changes like opening hours in one click Schedule posts to Google Business Profile in advance Deliver a smarter way to manage listings Scale and grow with BrightLocal 10,000+ marketers—like you—use BrightLocal as a streamlined way to do local SEO from start to finish. "It was thanks to BrightLocal that I was able to achieve completely dominant positions of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd." Angus Matthew Group Marketing ManagerOrchard Care Homes "For my business BrightLocal is foundational. It means everything... leads, reporting, fulfilment, and growth." Jono Long CEOFaithworks Marketing "BrightLocal is the only platform I've found that ties everything I need for local SEO into one easy-to-use platform + it's affordable." JD Hilditch CEO/Director of MarketingVoyage Media Works Want to see more success stories? Check out our Case Studies. Why do marketers love BrightLocal? BrightLocal doesn’t offer everything under the sun, only what you need to get local done.Our mission is simple: give marketers everything they need to excel at local SEO, at an unbeatable price. Easy to use BrightLocal doesn’t leave you drowning in data. It uncovers insights so you can take action. Flexible pricing BrightLocal doesn’t box you into one-size-fits-all subscriptions. You can pay for what you need with flexible pricing. All under one roof Save time, cut costs, and streamline your process with all the tools you need to manage 100s of locations, under one roof. Need help? Our local search experts are here to support you Whether you’re a multi-location brand, a scaling agency, or opening your first location, our team of local experts are on hand to support you. Free local SEO training Live chat support 23 hours a day Unlimited demos and walkthroughs Done-for-you listing migration services Talk to a local search expert today When it comes to local SEO, all you need is BrightLocal Don't just take our word for it, give the platform a spin with a free 14-day trial! bullet No card required bullet Get insights in 2 minutes bullet Full platform access Try for free Where marketers go to become brilliant at local SEO Stay at the top of your local search game with our leading research, tools, and resources. Free local SEO courses Master local SEO with BrightLocal Academy. Get access to a host of expert-led, interactive video courses for free! Level up your skills for free Stay in the loop Over 60,000 marketers stay ahead of the competition, receiving the latest news, research, and tactics directly in their inbox. Sign up for our newsletter Join the conversation Join a thriving Facebook group, The Local Pack, where thousands of marketers share insights and real-world learnings on how to succeed in local. Join the community Get the latest local SEO insights 4.6 stars out of 5 4.8 stars out of 5 4.5 stars out of 5 Sign Up For Our Newsletter Join 55,000+ savvy marketers Get the latest local SEO news, research, and tactical advice sent to your inbox. We never share your private data. Privacy Policy Facebook Community Connect With Us Products Plans and Pricing Platform Overview Local SEO Tools Track Local Rankings Track Local Rankings Local Rank Tracker Local Search Grid BrightLocal HorizonNEW Audit Local SEO Audit Local SEO Citation Tracker Local Search Audit Google Business Profile Audit Reputation Management Reputation Manager Monitor Reviews Get Reviews Showcase Reviews Listings Management Listings Management Citation Builder Active Sync GBP Post SchedulerNEW Local Data Aggregators Yext Replacement Service Agency Lead Generator Solutions For Agencies and Consultants For Multi-Location Brands For Small Businesses White-Label Tools and Reporting Local SEO APIs Free Tools Free Tools Overview Local Search Results Checker Local Listings Health Scanner Local RankFlux: Algorithm Monitoring Google Review Link Generator Resources BrightLocal Agency Directory BrightLocal AcademyNEW COURSE Book a Demo Learn Local SEO Learn Google Business Profile Learn Review Management Learn Local Citations Top Local Citation Sites Top Online Review Sites Insights News Research Webinars Free Resources Learn Local Marketing The BrightLocal Podcast Sign Up to Our Newsletter Company About Us CareersWE’RE HIRING Our Commitments We Stand with Ukraine Contact Us Case Studies Customers Affiliate Program Sitemap Customers Login Help Center Service Status Contact Support Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2024 BrightLocal Ltd