Home | Joseph Rowntree Foundation Skip to main content Please enable JavaScript in your web browser to get the best experience. Joseph Rowntree Foundation Main navigation Main menu Topics Go back Work and family Go back Care Child poverty Cost of living Deep poverty and destitution Savings, debt and assets Social security Work Community and place Go back Housing Imagination infrastructures Race and ethnicity Changing society Go back AI for public good Political mindsets Wealth, funding and investment practice News and events Go back News Events Press office About Go back Vision, mission and principles Background and history Our trustees Our people Careers Governance information Social investments Funding Contact us Search Please enter a search term Submit search query A better future is possible. At the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, we work to speed up and support the transition to a future free from poverty, in which people and planet can flourish. Read more about us Report UK Poverty 2024: The essential guide to understanding poverty in the UK The essential guide to understanding poverty in the UK Read the report Deep poverty and destitution Destitution in the UK 2023 This study, the fourth in the Destitution in the UK series, reveals approximately 3.8 million people experienced destitution in 2022, including around one million children. This is almost two-and-a-half times the number of people in 2017, and nearly triple the number of children. There is an urgent need for action to tackle destitution in the UK. Report Deep poverty and destitution Child poverty Housing Designing out hardship and destitution Not enough food. Can’t heat your home. No bed. Can’t pay the rent. Can’t afford bus fare into town. Can’t afford a friend over for tea. Living in fear of your washing machine or fridge breaking down. Can't sleep because your mind is on fire with stress and worry. These experiences have become all too common in our country. Briefing Deep poverty and destitution Social security Work Housing What protects people from very deep poverty, and what makes it more likely? These briefings look at the effect of work, housing, and the importance of social and financial safety nets, on the dynamics of very deep poverty. What must be done to make sure we can all afford life’s essentials when our circumstances change? Briefing Deep poverty and destitution Child poverty Work Latest ‘Work first’ can work better More people in employment is possible, with reforms to work and welfare policy. Briefing Work AI and the power of narratives Four exciting and creative writers explore the impacts of mainstream narratives on AI, the stories they tell and the voices they do and don’t include. Reflection AI for public good Emerging Futures at JRF - two years in, the story so far As we head into the autumnal months of the year it’s a time of turning leaves and brisker air. A time of harvesting, and sharing the fruits of our labour. In that spirit, Sophia Parker has spent some time pausing and reflecting on where we are here at JRF in our Emerging Futures work. Reflection Imagination infrastructures Funding The Joseph Rowntree Foundation funds and works in partnership with other organisations to unlock the UK from poverty Our people Meet our leadership team and our teams of experts. You can also learn more about our trustees. Careers Do you want to help build a more equitable and just future, free from poverty? Join us and use your skills to make a real difference. Sign up to the JRF Newsletter Join our newsletter Quick links Vision, mission and principles Background and history Publications Careers Our people Contact us Legal Privacy Cookies Accessibility Website terms and conditions Information for suppliers Contact The Homestead 40 Water End York YO30 6WP 01904 629 241 Twitter LinkedIn Medium YouTube Company Number: 12132713Charity Number (Scotland): SC049712Charity Number (England and Wales): 1184957 Copyright Joseph Rowntree Foundation 2024. A company limited by guarantee and a registered charity.