California's Best Theme Park & Amusement Park | Knott's Berry Farm Knott's Berry Farm Amusement Park and Theme Park in Buena Park, California Questions or concerns about the accessibility of our website or need any assistance accessing any of the information you would expect to find on our site, please contact us at (714) 220-5200. ???search-text??? Search Search ???label.cart??? Cart ???label.account??? Account Expand Park: 10 AM - 6 PM Waterpark: Closed View Hours Park: 10 AM - 6 PM Waterpark: Closed View Hours Search Tickets & Passes Go Back Tickets & Passes Admission Season Passes Knott's Berry Farm Tickets Knott's Soak City Tickets Group Tickets Military Discounts Upgrades & More Drinks & Dining Fast Lane FunPix Cabanas Rentals VIP Experiences Hotel Packages Online Marketplace Information Group Information Season Pass Benefits Pass Perks Guest & Season Passholder Portal Payment Portal Booking Portal 2024 Season Pass Unlimited visits to Knott's Berry Farm for all of 2024, including Knott's Boysenberry Festival! Places to Stay Go Back Places to Stay Lodging Options Knott's Hotel Special Offers & Packages Hotel Packages Additional Amenities Vacations Weddings Meetings Hotel Packages Stay on property at the Knott's Hotel and you'll gain access to the best pricing on tickets. Why would you want to stay anywhere else? Vacations and Staycations No matter the time of year you're visiting, there is always something unique and exciting happening at Knott's Berry Farm. Rides & Experiences Go Back Rides & Experiences Experiences Rides & Attractions Dining Shows Knott's Soak City Things to Do Events California Marketplace Seasons of Fun Camp Snoopy Step into the wonderful world of PEANUTS™ and explore the reimagined Camp Snoopy in 2024! Mrs. Knott's Chicken Dinner Restaurant Since 1934, this family-style dining restaurant has faithfully served its classic fried chicken dinner made famous by the handmade biscuits, boysenberry pie and Mrs. Knott's country fried chicken. Park Info Go Back Park Info Planning Calendar & Hours Park Map & Directions Mobile App Scheduled Ride Closures Cashless Help Frequently Asked Questions Lost & Found Special Dietary Needs Accessibility Code of Conduct Jobs Connect Knott's Berry Blog Live Video Media Center Newsletter Signup Contact Us Jobs at Knott's Berry Farm Full-time and seasonal jobs are available across all departments including rides, food service, maintenance, and more. Learn about our chaperone policy KNOTT'S BOYSENBERRY FESTIVAL Tempt your taste buds! Select dates Mar 8 - Apr 28. Special Events View All Upcoming Events March 8 Knott's Boysenberry Festival All day View Details July 4 July 4th Fireworks 9:30PM - 10:00PM View Details Fun Grown Local at California’s Original Theme Park At Knott’s, fun is always in season, with dozens of thrilling rides, shows, and attractions in four themed areas inspired by the history and culture of California. A day at Knott’s Berry Farm means taking on mammoth roller coasters, Old West adventures in the authentic 1800’s Ghost Town, paying tribute to California’s Hispanic roots in Fiesta Village, experiencing the Southern California beach lifestyle along the Boardwalk, and going on a High Sierras adventure with the world’s most loveable beagle – Snoopy! Located just 10 minutes from the Anaheim resort area, the once small family farm has grown into today's family fun destination; home to the Knott's Berry Farm theme park, Knott's Soak City Waterpark and Knott's Hotel. Whether you are looking for a weekend getaway, family road trip, or overnight stay, you’ll find something for everyone at Knott’s Berry Farm! Knott's Berry Farm Theme Park Explore four themed areas filled with heart-pounding thrills, unique seasonal events and outstanding family fun. Knott's Hotel Steps away from the world-famous Knott’s Berry Farm, this 320-room hotel features modern amenities for a memorable stay. California Marketplace Stroll through the quaint collection of shops with their treats and treasures plus visit Mrs. Knott's Chicken Dinner Restaurant, the place that started it all! Knott's Soak City Waterpark A virtual tidal wave of fun with everything from soaring slides to meandering lazy rivers. BUNDLE WITH BOYSENBERRIES 3 Free Tasting Items For the best value on a single visit during the Knott’s Boysenberry Festival, choose the Knott's Berry Farm Bundle. The bundle includes admission, parking, and 3 Boysenberry Festival food tastings on date selected. 2024 Season Pass Unlimited visits to Knott's Berry Farm for all of 2024, including Boysenberry Festival! Only 6 payments of $16* *After initial payment. Plus taxes & fees Knott's Berry Farm Tickets Your ticket to a day of FUN! Enjoy world-class attractions, rides, and entertainment. Online Marketplace Visit the Online Marketplace to find some of your favorite Knott's Berry Farm boysenberry sauces, jams, preserves, cookware, event apparel, Peanuts souvenirs, and even collectible pins all without getting in your car. Camp Snoopy Step into the reimagined Camp Snoopy! Become an official camper and join Snoopy and the PEANUTS Gang for a week of camp competitions and activities. Experience off-road adventures, ride a new family roller coaster, swing on a giant swing, and enjoy the carefree fun of summer camp in 2024 at Knott’s Berry Farm. Secure your spot for next summer's excitement! Seasons of Fun No matter the time of year, there is always something unique and exciting happening at Knott's Berry Farm with our many Seasons of Fun events. Welcome To The Knott’s Hotel The iconic Knott’s Hotel has emerged from a magical transformation that embraces its past and present. The full-service 320-room hotel is steps from the world-famous Knott’s Berry Farm and features all the modern amenities needed to create a memorable stay no matter the occasion. Need help planning your visit? What's the occasion? Hanging out with friends Spending time with family Having fun with my kids Planning a vacation Adventuring with a big group Step 2 of 3 Happening Now Instagram Facebook X, formally known as Twitter Youtube Knott's Hotel Renovation Updates For updates on the Knott's Hotel renovations and construction, please see below. Read More Introducing the All Park Passport We are offering you a new way to access multiple Cedar Fair parks with your 2024 Knott’s Berry Farm Season Pass. ... Read More Date Night at Knott's Berry Farm Here are just some of the ways couples can enjoy an evening together at Knott's Berry Farm. Read More Knott's Berry Farm Pass Perks Loyalty Rewards Program Guide Among the many awesome Knott’s Berry Farm Season Pass benefits is Pass Perks, our loyalty rewards program. With Pass ... Read More Book Now Stay, Play and Save! Stay Connected Sign Up for News & Offers Subscribe to the Newsletter Get in touch Contact Us Online (714) 220-5200 Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Information | Legal | Accessibility | Jobs © 2024 Cedar Fair Entertainment Company