Rice News | News and Media Relations | Rice University Skip to main content Body Rice University News and Media Relations Office of Public Affairs Menu Search Form Main Nav < back Current News Featured Stories News Releases Dateline Rice National Media Relations News Pre-2020 Contact Us Close Body RICE NEWS Rice hosts Dr. Bernard Harris, first Black American astronaut to walk in space 2024 scholar athletes honored at annual banquet Rice U.’s Office of Innovation awards inaugural One Small Step Grants Coastal resilience, improved cancer care, Latinx communities and more in focus as Rice announces investment in research centers Rice professor knighted by French education ministry French studies expert Julie Fette named chevalier in the Ordre des Palmes académiques Advancing materials science, Rice professors examine chirality in nearly 2D Body CURRENT NEWS Tuesday, Mar. 5, 2024 Aluminum nanoparticles make tunable green catalysts The Rice lab of nanotechnology pioneer Naomi Halas has uncovered a transformative approach to harnessing the catalytic power of aluminum nanoparticles... Tuesday, Mar. 5, 2024 Rice’s Nai-Hui Chia wins NSF CAREER Award Rice computer scientist Nai-Hui Chia has won a National Science Foundation CAREER Award to develop a new theoretical framework to facilitate the devel... Tuesday, Mar. 5, 2024 Owls celebrate Rice Blue Friday amidst campus azaleas On March 1, Owls gathered on the Entrance 1 pathway to witness the annual blooms on the azaleas that dot the area. ... Tuesday, Mar. 5, 2024 Religion and science beliefs affect attitudes toward mental illness, Rice study finds Beliefs about the relationship between religion and science may be a key factor in people’s views on mental health conditions like anxiety and depress... Tuesday, Mar. 5, 2024 Rice Art History prepares for artistic, cultural exploration in Paris Rice’s Department of Art History will celebrate a milestone in a manner befitting its creative spirit by embarking on a transformative journey to Pari... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Former Rice football player and engineer Gabe Baker ’14 on his new life in Nashville, making music and more Gabe Baker’s life looks very different than it did a decade ago as a recently graduated Rice football star and environmental engineer working in count... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Lecture examines Rice’s historical relationship with Black community Rice University hosted a capstone event for its Black History Month celebrations Feb. 27 in Sewall Hall titled “Tracing the History of Blacks at Rice ... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Texas state Rep. Ann Johnson honors Rice faculty, researchers and alumni with proclamations Texas state Rep. Ann Johnson, whose legislative district includes Rice University, visited campus Feb. 29 to present resolutions from the 88th Texas L... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Rice360’s co-directors to speak at SXSW Rice360 Institute for Global Health Technologies co-directors Rebecca Richards-Kortum and Maria Oden will speak at the upcoming South by Southwest Con... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Radiation from massive stars shapes nascent planetary systems NASA has released the first stunning images of the Orion Nebula from the James Webb Space Telescope in a study in the journal Science that shows with ... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 International Space University’s Space Studies Program lands at Rice University this summer Rice University will host hundreds of space industry and research professionals for the International Space University’s 36th annual Space Studies Pro... Monday, Mar. 4, 2024 Rice’s Wiess School launches Center for Nanoscale Imaging Sciences The Wiess School of Natural Sciences at Rice University has launched the Center for Nanoscale Imaging Sciences to improve the capture, analysis and in... Body VIEW ALL NEWS Body Follow us on News Releases VIEW ALL Dateline Rice VIEW ALL Helpful Links Office of Admission Office of Financial Aid Office of the Registrar Office of the President Office of the Provost Office of Research Office of Public Affairs Rice Magazine Body Current News Featured Stories News Releases Dateline Rice News Pre-2020 Contact Us Home BACK TO TOP 6100 Main St., Houston, TX 77005-1827 | Mailing Address: P.O. Box 1892, Houston, TX 77251-1892 | 713-348-0000 | Privacy Policy | Campus Carry