Thomas Jefferson's Monticello - Official Website Skip to Main Content Thomas Jefferson's Monticello Menu Close Search Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Plan Your Visit For Educators Donate Shop This is Monticello Home of the author of the Declaration of Independence. A World Heritage Site, historic house and plantation, museum, research institute, presidential library, and private, non-profit organization. Open Today – 10:00AM - 4:30PM More Hours Visit Monticello this winter! Helpful Tips See our hours » Directions to Monticello » Check out our Calendar of Events » All our tickets are available for sale online and advance purchase is recommended! Learn more Experience Monticello New Tour Revolutionary Women at Monticello FRIDAYS - SUNDAYS IN MARCH: This one-hour guided tour focuses on the experiences of women, both enslaved and free, who lived and labored at Monticello. Plan Your Visit March 22 Revolutionary Women Symposium Join us March 22 as we celebrate Women’s History Month and prepare for the upcoming 250th anniversary of American Independence in 2026. Reserve your place A rich gallery of content Videos and Podcasts Learn more about Jefferson's life and legacies, and about the people who lived and labored at Monticello, in this gallery of recorded livestreams, podcasts, and videos. Tune in! New Resource! Monticello Collections Database A rich and varied collection of objects including art, furnishings, personal items, books, and manuscripts. Explore the Collection Explore Thomas Jefferson And... Learn more about different facets of Thomas Jefferson’s life, achievements, and pursuits. Explore On Display Declaration of Independence See a rare engraving of the Declaration and learn more about how it went from the tip of Jefferson's quill to an international icon of democracy. Learn More An emotional experience The Life of Sally Hemings exhibit One of the most famous African American women in U.S. history . . . and one of the least known. Learn more Iconic images and breathtaking vistas The Best Views at Monticello From the "nickel view" of the main house to Jefferson's favorite outdoor reading spot. Find out more Livestream, Feb 27, 4:00 p.m ET Getting Word African American Oral History Project: Recent Research and Findings Join historians from Monticello’s Getting Word Project as they share how recent archival research, oral history, and family heirlooms illuminate the Great Migration journey of one family descended from Monticello’s enslaved community. Watch What's Happening Step into the fascinating and complex world of Monticello, Thomas Jefferson’s mountaintop home and plantation. March Discover Women's History at Monticello Check out Monticello’s onsite offerings and online resources for Women's History Month. Learn more Artifact Detectives Workshop Join us for a kids-oriented, hands-on Archaeology lab workshop. Offered daily March 25 - 29. Spring Wildflower Walks Experience an intimate view of the wild Monticello beyond the mountaintop. Offered on March 30 and April 4, 18, and 20 View Events Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness Thomas Jefferson Get to know Thomas Jefferson—author of the Declaration of Independence and the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom, third president of the United States, and founder of the University of Virginia. Explore his life and legacies An Architectural Icon The House and Gardens Monticello is the autobiographical masterpiece of Thomas Jefferson—designed and redesigned and built and rebuilt for more than forty years. Its gardens were a botanic showpiece, a source of food, and an experimental laboratory of ornamental and useful plants from around the world. Explore the House and Grounds online Slavery at Monticello Thomas Jefferson enslaved over six hundred people throughout his life. Learn about the men, women, and children who lived and labored on this plantation. Learn more A Solid Foundation Research and Education Research and education is the beating heart of our work at Monticello. Learn more about our vibrant community of historians, scholars, archaeologists, educators, restoration and conservation teams, curators, librarians, and more. Learn more A Rich Gallery of Contnet Livestreams, Videos, and Podcasts Check out our regularly updated collection looking at all aspects of the worlds of Thomas Jefferson, the larger Monticello community, and the work of the Thomas Jefferson Foundation Tune in Quoting Thomas Jefferson Real or imagined? Find a Jefferson Quote Here Thomas Jefferson is one of the most frequently quoted (and misquoted) figures in American history. Search this extensive collection of quotes by and about Thomas Jefferson—all fully verified and cited by the editors of the Papers of Thomas Jefferson: Retirement Series. Find a Quote ADDRESS: 931 Thomas Jefferson Parkway Charlottesville, VA 22902 GENERAL INFORMATION: (434) 984-9800 Thomas Jefferson's Monticello Mapping Address Monticello 1050 Monticello Loop Charlottesville, VA 22902 General Information (434) 984-9800 THOMAS JEFFERSON FOUNDATION® Helpful Links Hours of Operation Mailing Address Contact Us Get Email Updates Press About Jobs, Internships, and Volunteering Terms of Use & Privacy Policy World Heritage Site Site of Conscience Accessibility Livestreams, Videos, and Podcasts Connect Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest TripAdvisor YouTube Flickr monticello.org - Charlottesville VA Monticello and the University of Virginia in Charlottesville inscribed on the World Heritage List in 1987 United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Plan Your Visit For Educators Donate Shop Visit Plan Your Visit Buy Tickets Hours of Operation Directions & Parking Tips for Visiting Calendar of Events Special Rates and Discounts Food & Shopping Jefferson Vineyards Adult & School Groups Private Events The Saunders-Monticello Trail Family Friendly Activities Exhibits & Events Calendar of Events Livestreams, Videos, and Podcasts Blog Online Exhibits Monticello Magazine Exhibits at the Visitor Center Exhibits at the House Celebrating 100 Years Get Email Updates Thomas Jefferson Brief Biography of Jefferson The Declaration of Independence The Statute for Religious Freedom The University of Virginia Jefferson And... Louisiana & Lewis & Clark Jefferson & Slavery A Day in the Life of Jefferson Timeline of Jefferson's Life Thomas Jefferson Quotes Jefferson Image Gallery House & Gardens The House House FAQs Virtual Tours of Monticello In Bloom at Monticello Flower Gardens Vegetable Gardens Fruit Gardens Landscape Features Thomas Jefferson Center for Historic Plants Gardens Videos & Podcasts Slavery The Plantation People Enslaved at Monticello Slavery FAQs Jefferson and Slavery Life of Sally Hemings Exploring Freedom & The Legacies of Slavery Memoirs & Oral Histories by Members of Monticello's Enslaved Community Paradox of Liberty Landscape of Slavery: Mulberry Row at Monticello Getting Word African American Oral History Project Research & Education Thomas Jefferson Encyclopedia Jefferson Library Collections Database For Educators For Scholars Fellowships Conferences and Symposia Archaeology at Monticello Papers of Thomas Jefferson: Retirement Series International Center for Jefferson Studies Blog Videos & Podcasts