MarketWatch: Stock Market News - Financial News - MarketWatch Skip to main content Main Menu Home Latest News Watchlist Market Data Center U.S. Cryptocurrency Europe Rates Asia Futures Currencies Markets U.S. Markets Europe & Middle East Emerging Markets Market Data Canada Asia Latin America Investing Barron's Best New Ideas Stocks IPOs Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Cryptocurrencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Cannabis Newswires Barron's Economy & Politics Washington Watch Coronavirus Inflation The Federal Reserve Economic Report U.S. Economic Calendar Personal Finance The Moneyist Spending & Saving Retirement TaxWatch Credit Cards Careers Travel Real Estate Real Estate Listings Retirement Best New Ideas in Retirement Estate Planning Help Me Retire FIRE Taxes Social Security Real Estate Where Should I Retire? Best Places How to Invest Virtual Stock Exchange Video MarketWatch 25 Years SectorWatch The Moneyist Getting to Work With Explainomics How to Invest MarketBrief Fire Starters How Bad Is It The Cost of Things Office Hours Best New Ideas in Money Festival Mastering Your Money Podcasts Live Events Opinion Investor's Business Daily Leaderboard SwingTrader MarketSurge IBD Live Newsletter Center Research & Tools Watchlist Tech Stocks Multiple Quotes Tool Mortgage Calculator Economic Calendar Earnings Calendar IPO Calendar Stock Screener Market Screener Short Interest Trending Tickers Screener Options Expiration Calendar Premarket Screener Currency Tools After Hours Screener Upgrades & Downgrades Mutual Fund Comparison Mutual Fund Screener Top 25 Mutual Funds Where Should I Retire? Top 25 ETFs MarketWatch Picks Money Guides Loans Home Real Estate Auto Retirement Health Banking Insurance Credit Cards Legal Technology Lifestyle Sign Up Log In Customer Center Newsletters Price Alerts Watchlist Games MarketWatch Logo Go to the homepage. Latest Watchlist Markets Investing Personal Finance Economy Retirement How To Invest Video Center MarketWatch Picks More Account Menu Account Settings Log In Sign Up Open Site Search Close Search Overlay US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Crypto Asia Dow -0.55% Nikkei 225 -0.03% Hang Seng -2.61% Shanghai 0.28% Sensex -0.33% Singapore -0.48% US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Crypto Range Dropdown Markets 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Asia Dow 3,769.16 -20.80 -0.55% Nikkei 225 40,097.63 -11.60 -0.03% Hang Seng 16,162.64 -433.33 -2.61% Shanghai 3,047.79 8.49 0.28% Sensex 73,626.99 -245.30 -0.33% Singapore 3,107.19 -15.02 -0.48% S&P 500 Movers HPE 10.2 NEM 5.6 D 4.3 MS 4.1 TSLA -7.2 ALB -6.7 WBD -6.5 PARA -5.9 Visit Market Data Center Latest News All Times Eastern scroll up scroll down 1:30a Barron's The Magnificent 7’s Earnings May Not Grow as Fast as You Think 1:01a Barron's This Stock Beats the S&P 500 With Less Risk. 4 Reasons It’s Not Too Expensive. 12:30a Barron's Tackling ‘Forever Chemicals’ Is a $200 Billion Job. These 4 Stocks Will Profit. 12:01a Barron's Trump Will Take Super Tuesday. The Mag 7 Stocks Could Pay. 03/04 China sets economic growth target at 5%, looks to defuse risks in property market 03/04 Singapore’s prime minister defends exclusive Taylor Swift concert deal 03/04 ‘Death and money bring out the worst in people’: My stepmother wants me to relinquish my rights to my late father’s estate. How do I handle this gracefully? 03/04 3 data cables under Red Sea cut as Houthis launch more attacks in vital waterway 03/04 Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses ahead of Super Tuesday contests 03/04 Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law allowing police to arrest migrants Editors' Picks Need to Know EV stocks Economic calendar Election 2024 State of the Union Ukraine Navalny Caitlin Clark The Moneyist Nasdaq has gone more than 300 days without a major pullback. Does that mean a shakeout is overdue? Nasdaq has gone more than 300 days without a major pullback. Does that mean a shakeout is overdue? The last two scenarios when U.S. stocks went up this quickly? During the dot-com bubble and after recessions. S&P 500’s breadth ‘still narrow’ after record peak — with these four stocks driving February gains Why the bull market in stocks may need some bad economic news to keep climbing Two more stock indexes are on track for records: What that means for the bull market Stocks to Watch 25 of the best-performing stocks in the S&P 500 appear to be better values than they were a year ago. Nvidia is one of them. GitLab’s weak earnings guidance is punishing its stock AMD’s stock continues its march higher as AI cheers build Super Micro’s stock continues its huge surge. Here’s why Goldman is cautious. Stitch Fix and ThredUp shares fall, as both companies navigate ambitious transitions China sets economic growth target at 5%, looks to defuse risks in property market Opinion: Nervous about the U.S. market at all-time highs? Buy China stocks. Why Jason and Travis Kelce could be the next $100 million podcasters AI boom in data centers has top tech companies spending more than major oil companies on capex Jeff Bezos overtakes Elon Musk as world’s richest person, as Tesla stock slides Tesla’s stock falls after fresh volley of price cuts and discounts from EV maker Former Twitter execs sue Elon Musk for $128 million in severance Super Tuesday: Trump could sweep, but Haley may surprise in these states Trump to appear on primary ballots as U.S. Supreme Court reverses Colorado decision Trump Organization finance chief Weisselberg admits to perjury in civil fraud case Opinion: What you need to know about taxes on bitcoin ETFs before you buy or sell Bitcoin rally continues as cryptocurrency tops $65,000 MicroStrategy stock rises 24% — tops $1,300 for first time in 24 years as bitcoin soars Opinion: One reason for the stock market’s meteoric rally: Expectations that AI will stay unregulated Opinion: Why is Elon Musk suing Open AI and Sam Altman? In a word: Microsoft. Goldman Sachs says this tech stock rally is grounded in reality EU’s record Apple antitrust fine is just the start of a Big Tech regulatory crackdown this year AAPL -2.54% EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion over streaming service Apple’s stock has had a sour 2024. This bull sees ‘a host of tailwinds’ ahead. 9 largest U.S. banks can handle their ‘problematic’ exposure to office real estate, S&P says NYCB’s stock continues its slide despite analyst’s vote of confidence A taxpayer bailout for banks caught up in office carnage? Don’t count on it, says economist. We were unable to load in stories for you. Please check your browser settings or internet connection. Loading stories we think you might like... Most Popular NIO's Fourth-Quarter Revenue Likely Rose on Year but Fell Sequentially -- Earnings Preview ‘Death and money bring out the worst in people’: My stepmother wants me to relinquish my rights to my late father’s estate. How do I handle this gracefully? Jeff Bezos overtakes Elon Musk as world’s richest person, as Tesla stock slides Should I have joint bank accounts with my spouse? Nasdaq has gone more than 300 days without a major pullback. Does that mean a shakeout is overdue? The last two scenarios when U.S. stocks went up this quickly? During the dot-com bubble and after recessions. Apple’s stock has had a sour 2024. This bull sees ‘a host of tailwinds’ ahead. Super Micro’s stock continues its huge surge. Here’s why Goldman is cautious. What to know about new competitors in the weight-loss drug market 25 of the best-performing stocks in the S&P 500 appear to be better values than they were a year ago. Nvidia is one of them. Trending Video Go to Video Center 4:30 Should I have joint bank accounts with my spouse? Want more videos from MarketWatch? Subscribe to our channel on YouTube! 4:30 Should I have joint bank accounts with my spouse? 4:41 How to spot a deepfake 3:40 What to know about new competitors in the weight-loss drug market 2:50 Your 50s are not the time to slow down on retirement planning 6:16 How AI is, and isn't, changing finance 2:49 What to know about entering your retirement era in your 60s 2:12 Looking to spend your tax refund? Here are 4 smart ways to use it 4:25 What’s new this tax season? These changes can ease inflation's sting 4:12 How will getting married affect my money - especially taxes? 2:48 Why your 40s are a great time to boost retirement savings Watch Now Watch Now Watch Now Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Watchlist Menu Add Ticker Symbol Last Change Chg Change % Chg % Volume (Go to Watchlist) No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or learn more Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers The Moneyist ‘Death and money bring out the worst in people’: My stepmother wants me to relinquish my rights to my late father’s estate. How do I handle this gracefully? ‘Our American dream turned into a nightmare’: I sold my home, but rising interest rates and prices locked me out of the market. What can I do? My friend invited me to a concert at Carnegie Hall. After I agreed, he said, ‘It would be nice if you took me to dinner.’ Is this normal? I borrowed $20,000 from my mother in 1996, but only repaid $5,000. She deducted the entire loan from my inheritance. I need that money. What now? See More Investing Stitch Fix and ThredUp shares fall, as both companies navigate ambitious transitions GitLab’s weak earnings guidance is punishing its stock Target saw strong foot traffic in 2023 but a sharp dip in January, research says Why is Elon Musk suing Open AI and Sam Altman? In a word: Microsoft. See More The Fed Fed has the luxury of making policy without pressure of urgency, Bostic says Fed’s Williams said he’s ‘very focused’ on getting inflation back to target Fed’s Collins wants to see inflation cool in more categories before supporting rate cuts Fed is ‘not out of woods’ on inflation, new regional bank president says See More Election 2024 Trump to appear on primary ballots as U.S. Supreme Court reverses Colorado decision Forget about Super Tuesday. For Trump, it’s going to be March Madness in court. Poll finds partisanship now determines positions on aiding Ukraine’s defense vs. Russia Judge orders Trump off Illinois primary ballot but puts ruling on hold See More Real Estate Small Yet Mighty: 10 Towns Where Tiny Homes Are Trending Big-Time NBA Superstar Wilt Chamberlain's Iconic Bel-Air Bachelor Pad Finally Scores a Buyer. What's Next? Exclusive: Home of 'Mr. Titanic' Paul-Henri Nargeolet Hits the Market—8 Months After Sub Tragedy Cute and Cheap: 5 of the Nicest Homes in the Country All Priced Below $100K See More The Big Move I’m losing money on my rental property, which has a $420,000 mortgage and a 7.9% interest rate. Should I sell? I rent out a duplex for $3,000 a month with $240,000 left on the mortgage and a 3.5% interest rate. It’s a hassle. Should I sell? My husband lost his job during the pandemic. I’m a stay-at-home mom. Should we sell our $400,000 rental? We have a $550,000 home with a 2.5% mortgage rate, but don’t like the neighborhood. Should we sell or rent it out? See More Personal Finance The IRS will now do your taxes for free. Its Direct File program is available in these 12 states. The 10 greenest cars of the year: No. 1 is not an EV Tesla has the most loyal buyers and the most ‘conquests’ in 2024 vehicle loyalty ​study Taylor Swift, ‘3 Body Problem,’ ‘Shōgun’ highlight a blockbuster March for streaming See More Help Me Retire My wife and I are doctors with 457(b) plans that we can’t roll over into IRAs. How should we take this money in retirement? We have $3.9 million in retirement and cash, but face a $60,000 annual college bill for our child over 5 years. Can I retire if my wife keeps working? I’m 60 and want to withdraw $250,000 from my 401(k) to pay off the mortgage and bills. Is that a smart thing to do? I’m 73 and my financial adviser told me to buy $1.5 million in annuities — should I do this? See More Careers How the power of ‘no’ can get you exactly what you want How spending less time on the job can make you a better worker Who gets bigger bonuses — a losing Super Bowl team or the average Wall Street employee? After Travis Kelce’s Super Bowl–sized meltdown, here’s how to keep your cool on the job See More TaxWatch Heads up, millionaires: If you didn’t file taxes, the IRS will be contacting you H&R Block’s online tax prep tricked customers into paying more money, FTC alleges IRS to audit corporate-jet use at dozens of companies. The tax collector wants to make sure ‘high-income groups aren’t flying under the radar.’ SALT tax deduction: Here’s why taxpayer relief is still likely next year See More SportsWatch Caitlin Clark is turning pro. Why she could make more money staying in college one more year. Why DraftKings made $8 million and BetMGM lost nearly $5 million on Super Bowl bets in New York A six pack of beer for $340? How much things would cost if they increased as much as the price of a Super Bowl commercial. Super Bowl quarterback Brock Purdy made $870,000 this season — 16 college football players made more via NIL See More MarketWatch Picks ‘These so-called pros were jokers.’ I wanted a conservative portfolio, but my financial adviser picked individual stocks, and I lost $53,000. What’s my move now? 5 major cities where pros predict home prices are likely to drop next My wife and I are in our 60s. We’ll get $9,600 a month in income, so likely won’t have to tap the $1.55 million we’ve saved, which is all in equities. An adviser wants to charge $265 an hour to give us advice. What’s our move? My wife and I are 66, and our adviser has us in 94% equities. We’re thinking about more secure investments, but he says to stay the course. What gives? See More Advertisement Advertisement × Back to Top Copyright © 2024 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use | Privacy Notice | Cookie Notice (). Facebook Twitter LinkedIn MarketWatch Customer Center Contact Us Newsroom Roster Virtual Stock Exchange BigCharts Copyright Policy Manage Notifications Cancel My Subscription Company Dow Jones Code of Conduct Corrections Reprints & Licensing Digital Self Service Your Ad Choices Corporate Subscriptions Accessibility Dow Jones Network The Wall Street Journal Barron's Financial News London realtor.com Mansion Global Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Close Trending Tickers bar Trending Tickers Above average volume. GTLB $58.01 -22.10% -16.46 EYEN $2.28 -0.01% -0.00 RY $97.10 -0.08% -0.08 MNKD $4.65 0.00% 0.00 Access Premium Tools Search Clear Search Advanced Search Search Results Symbols Loading... Private Companies Loading... Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers All News Articles Video Podcasts Authors Sections Columns × Video Center × Time to Upgrade! This browser is no longer supported at MarketWatch. For the best MarketWatch.com experience, please update to a modern browser. Chrome Safari Firefox Edge