MeTV – America's #1 Classic Television Network Welcome to MeTV! America’s #1 Classic Television Network Find your local MeTV station Where to watch See when your favorite shows are on See schedule Welcome to MeTV! America’s #1 Classic Television Network Find your local MeTV station Where to watch See when your favorite shows are on See schedule Personalize MeTV.com to follow your favorite shows Free sign-up Shop your favorite shows in the MeTV Mall Shop Now Where To Watch Shop Mall Contact Log In Log In Schedule Shows Stories Quizzes Videos Music Games MeTV Mall Where To Watch About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public Files Sweepstakes Winners © 2024 MeTV National Limited Partnership Log In Where To Watch Shop Mall Contact The Woody Woodpecker Show Saturdays at 7 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS All in the Family Two full hours! Sundays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Collector's Call Sundays at 5:30 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS The Beverly Hillbillies Weeknights at 8 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Svengoolie This week: 13 Ghosts Saturdays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Toon In With Me One Full Hour Weekdays at 6 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS The Woody Woodpecker Show Saturdays at 7 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS All in the Family Two full hours! Sundays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Collector's Call Sundays at 5:30 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS The Beverly Hillbillies Weeknights at 8 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Svengoolie This week: 13 Ghosts Saturdays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Toon In With Me One Full Hour Weekdays at 6 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS On MeTV On MeTV Now: Matlock The Talk Show When talk show host Dan Galloway is murdered after publicly humiliating three woman on the air and firing his executive producer, Matlock has no shortage of suspects as he looks for clues in the death of the despised man. Up Next: 10:00AM In the Heat of the Night 11:00AM The Waltons Full Schedule Where to Watch Top Stories blur quiz Blur quiz: Basketball scenes Can you score a slam dunk before the buzzer goes off? 2 days ago collector's callnews Collector's Call with Lisa Whelchel returns for a brand-new fifth season on April 7th This season, Lisa explores collections revolving around Weird Al, Pearl Jam, Survivor, and more. 6 days ago RetroNostalgiaMovies80s Are these real 80s action movies, or did we make them up? Are these reels really real?! 6 days ago The Carol Burnett ShowLyle Waggoner Lyle Waggoner used a set from ''The Carol Burnett Show'' to furnish his house Waggoner brought his work home with him in the best possible way. 4 days ago All in the FamilyIn the Heat of the NightCarroll O'Connor Carroll O'Connor wouldn't discuss Archie Bunker on the set of ''In the Heat of the Night'' O'Connor wanted to keep his characters separated. 4 days ago The Twilight Zone How well do you remember your ''Twilight Zone'' aliens? The best television series on this side of the solar system. 4 days ago The Andy Griffith ShowRon Howard Ron Howard did an Andy Griffith impression after a very successful first date with his now-wife They say every man will become his father, and for Opie, it was no different. 5 days ago View More Stories On MeTV To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video On MeTV Now Matlock Up Next: 10:00AM In the Heat of the Night Up Next: 0:30 3 Must See Episodes | March 4 - 10 0:15 This Week on the Ed Sullivan Show- March 10: The Beach Boys,... 0:30 Watch 2 full hours of All in the Family Sundays at 8P | 7C 0:30 Watch Most Wanted Westerns! Saturdays starting at 10AM | 9C 0:30 Matlock 0:30 3 Must See Episodes | March 4 - 10 0:15 This Week on the Ed Sullivan Show- March 10: The Beach Boys,... 0:30 Watch 2 full hours of All in the Family Sundays at 8P | 7C 0:30 Watch Most Wanted Westerns! Saturdays starting at 10AM | 9C On MeTV Now: Matlock The Talk Show When talk show host Dan Galloway is murdered after publicly humiliating three woman on the air and firing his executive producer, Matlock... Up Next: 10:00AM In the Heat of the Night 11:00AM The Waltons Full Schedule Where to Watch Apparel Classic TV Shirts Retro Brands Star Trek Movies Apparel Hoodies & Sweatshirts & More Shop Store Electronics Radios Record Players Tape Players CD Players Portable Music & More Shop Store Music Vinyl Records CD's Best Selling New In Stock Band Apparel & More Shop Store Toys & Games Best Selling Board Games Hand Held Video Games Funko Pops! Action Figures & More Shop Store Svengoolie Apparel Drinkware Artist Collection Posters & Prints Blankets Monster Shirts Shop Store Cartoons Looney Tunes Popeye Flintstones Jetsons Garfield & More Shop Store Sign up for our newsletter Now playing on Bette Davis Eyes KIM CARNES Listen to Me! Featured Episodes Today 5:30pm M*A*S*H The final appearance of Radar O'Reilly! Remind Me Mar 6, 8:00am Perry Mason George Kennedy guest stars! Remind Me Mar 6, 6:00pm M*A*S*H It's Thanksgiving at the 4077th! Remind Me Mar 6, 6:30pm M*A*S*H It's a race against the clock in this real time episode. Remind Me Mar 7, 4:30am Dragnet It's a race against the clock in this Christmas episode. Remind Me Mar 7, 4:30pm Adam-12 Scatman Crothers guest stars! Remind Me Mar 8, 8:00am Perry Mason Mark Goddard of Lost in Space fame guest stars! Remind Me Favorite Shows Log in to personalize MeTV.com with your favorite shows! The Andy Griffith Show Next episode: Mar. 5 at 7PM S5E142: Otis Sues the County Add to Favorites Remind Me Daily Andy Griffith Quiz: "Barney on the Rebound" Daily Andy Griffith Quiz: "Mayberry Goes Bankrupt" Toon In With Me Next episode: Mar. 6 at 6AM Add to Favorites Remind Me Mel Blanc wasn't the first choice to voice Porky Pig So, you think you know Sylvester? Perry Mason Next episode: Mar. 5 at 10:30PM S3E84: The Case of the Gallant Grafter Add to Favorites Remind Me Here's why Raymond Burr loved the legal stuff in Perry Mason Barbara Hale on the one thing that worried her about working with Raymond Burr Select more shows to follow Hogan's Heroes The Rifleman MeTV Originals Gunsmoke Bonanza Gilligan's Island Green Acres M*A*S*H Bugs Bunny and Friends The Three Stooges Cannon The Waltons Svengoolie More Shows Shop the new MeTV Mall Show You Care-Be Aware Breast Cancer Gift Tote $46.99 Walls (CD) - Barbra Streisand $11.96 Wonder Woman - Logo with Black $38.95 Tranquility Spa Gift Set $64.99 Shop All Quizzes Daily Andy Griffith "Opie's Hobo Friend" Daily Andy Griffith "Barney on the Rebound" Only real Secret Agents can tell which of these titles are Bond films, and which are fake Daily Andy Griffith "Mayberry Goes Bankrupt" Tell us which Barney Fife you're feeling like, and we'll tell you which Don Knotts movie best represents your personality Daily Andy Griffith "Andy and the Woman Speeder" Can you guess the Looney Tunes character based on the short's title? Is this a Beatles song or did we make it up? Daily Andy Griffith "Barney's Replacement" View More Quizzes MeTV's Bubble Bopper MeTV's Stacks & Stones Collector's Call Shuffle MeTV's Slinko View More Games More Favorites Log in to personalize MeTV.com with your favorite shows! M*A*S*H Next episode: Mar. 5 at 5PM S8E173: Good-Bye Radar: Part 1 Add to Favorites Remind Me William Christopher would read classic poetry in its original Greek while he was on the set of M*A*S*H After M*A*S*H ended, Loretta Swit wasn't interested in doing another television series The Waltons Next episode: Mar. 5 at 11AM S8E198: The Medal Add to Favorites Remind Me Michael Learned explained why she joined the cast of another television series after leaving ''The Waltons'' Ellen Corby counted Richard Thomas, Mary Elizabeth McDonough and the rest of the Waltons as her ''own grandkids'' Featured Videos To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video METV ORIGINALS Its time play Oops! I'm A Genius! Most Recent Videos Toony wants to beat James Webb's World Record! In 1953, who became the first woman to produce a sitcom with her hit show We make a 1970s sitcom! METV ORIGINALS Its time play Oops! I'm A Genius! METV ORIGINALS Toony wants to beat James Webb's World Record! METV ORIGINALS In 1953, who became the first woman to produce a sitcom with her hit show METV ORIGINALS We make a 1970s sitcom! View More Videos More Stories Can you name all these quirky characters from Green Acres? Remember all these hilarious humans… and animals? Buddy Ebsen was on the road to retirement when he landed ''The Beverly Hillbillies'' "By the time I finished laughing, I had signed a contract." Is this the title of a '90s sitcom or a platinum record from the '80s? This one will be a real 'Thriller' for you and your 'Friends.' R.I.P. Anne Whitfield, ''White Christmas'' actress and ''Perry Mason'' familiar face After Perry Mason defended her twice, the actress went back to college and worked in the Department of Ecology. She was 85. Chuck Connors said that he was almost the ''Boris Karloff of TV Westerns'' before he starred in ''The Rifleman'' "Now everything has changed." Steve McQueen's military service helped him foresee the rise of the anti-hero He predicted audiences' shifting tastes. Richard Boone didn't think that ''Have Gun – Will Travel'' was a real Western Why Boone believed his series had set itself apart. Carroll O'Connor and Carol Burnett were a couple on this '90s sitcom They played Helen Hunt's parents. Dick Van Dyke wasn't ready for ''The Dick Van Dyke Show'' to end Van Dyke on the ending of The Dick Van Dyke Show. Were these songs on the P.M.R.C.'s "Filthy 15"? Can you pick out these tunes? Jean Stapleton offered Sally Struthers meaningful encouragement when the Stivics left All in the Family Struthers spoke with TV Guide Magazine when Stapleton passed in 2013. Michael Learned explained why she joined the cast of another television series after leaving ''The Waltons'' "I really wanted to grow and explore." Archie Bunker's famous chair was based on the one Norman Lear's dad sat in Now, you can visit the chair at the Smithsonian! Florence Henderson perfectly explained why ''The Brady Bunch'' lasted as long as it did Here's the REAL story... Kent McCord remembered the first time he met his Adam-12 costar, Martin Milner How McCord and Milner went from costars to friends. Burt Ward said that Adam West introduced him to ''the wildest debauchery that you can imagine'' during their time on Batman "We were the ones being chased," said the man who played Robin. Sally Struthers got tired of playing ''fourth banana'' to ''Mr. O'Connor'' and the rest of the All in the Family cast "I fear and love God — I respect Mr. O'Connor." Ellen Corby counted Richard Thomas, Mary Elizabeth McDonough and the rest of the Waltons as her ''own grandkids'' The actress quickly became America's favorite grandma, even though she wasn't one in real life. Of course Elvis Presley had a crush on Mary Tyler Moore Looks like Rob Petrie has some competition... Here's why Raymond Burr loved the legal stuff in Perry Mason Most would find the legal stuff boring, but Raymond Burr found it to be exciting. Jim Nabors was The Carol Burnett Show's good luck charm Jim Nabors: Excellent actor and a good luck charm. Barbara Hale on the one thing that worried her about working with Raymond Burr Della Street and Perry Mason were very believable co-workers. Here's what almost hindered their chemistry. The Bonanza cast once discussed how the show changed over the years "It's almost impossible not to." Johnny Crawford played Chuck Connors' son on The Rifleman, but was he happy? What was his experience growing up in Hollywood? Martin Milner was an avocado farmer first, and an actor second Milner had his priorities in order. Vicki Lawrence wanted Mama to mellow out by season two Originally, critics slammed the series by saying that Mama was too harsh. Chuck Connors considered himself to be corny compared to other Western actors Like his character, Connors wasn't afraid of anything, not even a little corniness. Can you name these '80s fantasy movies? A journey through enchantment and magical adventures! Are these Batman '66 villains from DC comics, or were they invented for the show? Can you guess which of these rogues' gallery baddies are from the comics? Ken Osmond's military commitment made it so he only appeared sporadically in later Leave It to Beaver episodes The United States Army Reserve kept Eddie Haskell off the show. Buddy Ebsen wanted to quit Barnaby Jones, at first Why he almost left, and why he decided to stay. Clint Eastwood said that one movie script changed his life forever. Sophia Loren agreed. "The minute I read it I liked it." Buddy Ebsen won the part of Jed Clampett because of his height Ebsen stood large on our screens and in our hearts. Raymond Bailey was ''the banker's hero'' after his role on The Beverly Hillbillies His success as The Clampetts' banker was so unexpected, he wouldn't have even put money on it. Loading AboutContactAdvertisePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use WWME FCC Public File EEO Report Children's Programming Report Sweepstakes Winners Do Not Sell Or Share My Information – CA Residents WWME Sign up for our newsletter and get stories delivered straight to your inbox © 2024 MeTV National Limited Partnership By using our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Close Are you sure you want to delete this comment? Cancel Delete Close Are you sure you want to delete this comment? Cancel Delete Set a reminder: Just this episode Alert me by: Text message Email You are setting a reminder for the Central time zone. If this is not your location, click here. CANCEL