LogRocket Blog - Resources to Help Product Teams Ship Amazing Digital Experiences Blog Dev Product Management UX Design Podcast Features Solutions Solve User-Reported Issues Find Issues Faster Optimize Conversion and Adoption Start Monitoring for Free Sign In LogRocket Blog The latest industry news, interviews, technologies, and resources Blog Dev Product Management UX Design Podcast Featured Posts Using Penpot to bridge design and development UX Design Penpot is an open source design and prototyping tool that aims to bridge the gap between designers and developers in the product workflow. Eric Chung Feb 29, 2024 ⋅ 6 min read Building high-performance ecommerce sites with Astro Dev Learn to set up a completely custom Astro ecommerce implementation that’s also highly performant and type-safe in this straightforward guide. Onuorah Bonaventure Feb 28, 2024 ⋅ 64 min read Leader Spotlight: Structuring teams around OKRs, with Ghazal Badiozamani Product Management Ghazal Badiozamani discusses how she organizes her product teams around goals and OKRs, empowering them to experiment to move those metrics. Kate Trahan Feb 27, 2024 ⋅ 9 min read Leader Spotlight: The tipping point to scale, with Sam Schulte Product Management Sam Schulte, Vice President, Product Engineering at Inspirato, talks about the delicate balance between innovation and scale. Jessica Srinivas Feb 22, 2024 ⋅ 7 min read Using real-time data in Angular with SignalR Dev Integrating SignalR with Angular can help developers create high-quality frontend apps that are reactive to user inputs in real time. Lewis Cianci Feb 21, 2024 ⋅ 18 min read Leader Spotlight: Innovating before you think you need to, with Leo Gong Product Management Leo Gong, VP of Product at Apartment List, talks about knowing when to plant a new seed in the business to expand growth opportunities. Jessica Srinivas Feb 20, 2024 ⋅ 12 min read All Posts Churn management: How UX can help prevent and reduce subscription churn UX Design Let’s touch upon how you, as a UX designer, can help solve the subscription churn problem based on an actual story. Bart Krawczyk Mar 5, 2024 ⋅ 7 min read What is an agile mindset? Product Management You can use agile to stay flexible through constant and quick iterations to help you learn, evolve, and grow to meet your goals. Leah Campbell Mar 5, 2024 ⋅ 6 min read Exploring advanced Next.js routing conventions Dev Explore the latest routing mechanisms in Next.js’s App Router, parallel and intercepting routes, and the advanced features they offers. David Omotayo Mar 5, 2024 ⋅ 10 min read A guide to building and nurturing agile teams Product Management At the heart of an agile team is its ability to collaborate productively, adapt to change, and generate customer-focused, cooperative value. Souradeep Ghosh Mar 5, 2024 ⋅ 5 min read All accessible touch target sizes UX Design How big should buttons be? To make your designs as accessible as possible, follow these guidelines to the best touch target sizes. Reda Attarça Mar 4, 2024 ⋅ 6 min read Leader Spotlight: Marrying data via machine learning, with Supriya Pandit Product Management Supriya Pandit shares her experience integrating machine learning technology into a large retailer’s web presence. Kate Trahan Mar 4, 2024 ⋅ 7 min read Parsing PDFs in Node.js Dev This guide covers the top npm packages for parsing PDFs in Node.js, including pdf-parse, pdf2json, and pdfreader. Chibuike Nwachukwu Mar 4, 2024 ⋅ 7 min read Team alignment: Strategies for cohesive and effective teamwork Product Management Alignment involves a shared understanding of the current vision, goals, and priorities and a collaborative effort to achieve them. Bart Krawczyk Mar 4, 2024 ⋅ 4 min read Linear design: The SaaS design trend that’s boring and bettering UI UX Design Linear design is a popular design trend, particularly for SaaS products, but has it peaked already? Let’s find out. Daniel Schwarz Mar 1, 2024 ⋅ 6 min read Leader Spotlight: Staying ahead of changing customer needs, with Sanjay Modi Product Management Sanjay Modi discusses his role in leading a website security product portfolio through drastically changing customer needs. Kate Trahan Mar 1, 2024 ⋅ 8 min read Implementing in-app updates for React Native apps Dev Implementing OTA in-app updates in React Native apps can streamline the update process, preventing delays that hinder overall productivity. Nelson Michael Mar 1, 2024 ⋅ 7 min read An overview of SDKs Product Management The acronym SDK stands for software development kit. It contains platform-specific tools to run and develop software. Sara Nguyen Mar 1, 2024 ⋅ 4 min read « Previous1 2 3 … 336 337 Next » Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website