DermNet | Dermatology Resource DermNet provides Google Translate, a free machine translation service. Note that this may not provide an exact translation in all languages logo-white-2022 Topics A-Z Images Cases Jobs AI dataset More selector copy Skin checker About Browse Glossary Quizzes Donate Contact searchable Translate TOPICS A-Z IMAGES CASES JOBS AI DATASET SKIN CHECKER ABOUT BROWSE GLOSSARY QUIZZES DONATE CONTACT ADVERTISEMENT DermNet™The world’s leading free dermatology resource. We help thousands of people make informed, evidence-based decisions on how to care for skin conditions, by providing reliable information at the click of a button. AI image dataset Student centre Recently added pages Otitis externa Otitis externa, also called external otitis or ‘swimmer’s ear’, is a common inflammatory condition of the external auditory canal (the... Obesity-associated lymphoedematous mucinosis Obesity-associated lymphoedematous mucinosis (OALM) is a rare and recently identified form of pretibial dermal mucinosis that affects individuals who are... Baseline series of patch test allergens Standard or baseline series of allergens are recommended for people undergoing patch testing because these include the most common and... Neutrophilic sebaceous adenitis Neutrophilic sebaceous adenitis is a rare inflammatory dermatosis that most commonly affects the face and torso of young men. Trichoepithelioma Trichoepithelioma is a rare benign skin neoplasm that arises from hair follicles. Polypodium leucotomos extract Polypodium leucotomos extract (PLE) comes from a tropical fern plant grown in Central and South America. Dihydroxyacetone Dihydroxyacetone (DHA) is a ketotriose monosaccharide commonly used as the active ingredient in sunless tanning agents (fake tan). Common terminology criteria for adverse events due to cancer therapy The common terminology criteria for adverse events (CTCAE) describes a grading system for adverse event reporting associated with cancer therapy. Nevus sebaceous A nevus sebaceous (sebaceous naevus) is a common type of birthmark affecting 0.3% of live births. Trachyonychia Trachyonychia is characterised by brittle nails that show diffuse longitudinal ridging and can be accompanied by pitting, loss of lustre,... Aquagenic wrinkling of the palms Aquagenic wrinkling of the palms is a rare condition characterised by transient oedematous skin of the palms after contact with... Deucravacitinib Deucravacitinib is a selective oral tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor for the systemic treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and... Autonomic denervation dermatitis Autonomic denervation dermatitis is an uncommon localised eczematous eruption around a surgical incision site. Pseudoepitheliomatous keratotic and micaceous balanitis Pseudoepitheliomatous keratotic and micaceous balanitis (PKMB) is a rare skin condition that affects the penis. Facial discoid dermatosis Facial discoid dermatosis (FDD) is a rare dermatosis that presents as discrete and persistent pink-orange papulosquamous lesions isolated to the... Abrocitinib Abrocitinib (Cibinqo®) is a selective oral Janus kinase 1 inhibitor used for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. World Health Days Diabetes Month November is World Diabetes Month. Diabetic foot ulcer A diabetic foot ulcer is a skin sore with full thickness skin loss often preceded by a haemorrhagic subepidermal blister. Necrobiosis lipoidica Necrobiosis lipoidica is a rare granulomatous skin disorder typically described on the shin of diabetics. National Oral Health Day The 8th of November is National Oral Health Day in New Zealand. Transient lingual papillitis Transient lingual papillitis is a common painful inflammatory condition affecting one or several fungiform papillae on the tongue. World Jellyfish Day The 3rd of November is World Jellyfish Day. Childhood infections Meningococcal disease Meningococcal disease is an illness caused by the bacteria Neisseria meningitidis. Measles Measles is a highly contagious viral infection causing fever and a rash. Early symptoms are like the common cold, with... Chickenpox Chickenpox is a highly contagious viral infection that causes an acute fever and blistered rash, mainly in children. Fifth disease Erythema infectiosum is a common childhood infection causing a slapped cheek appearance and a rash. Pityriasis rosea Pityriasis rosea is a viral rash which lasts about 6–12 weeks. It is characterised by a herald patch followed by... Impetigo Impetigo is a common, superficial, highly contagious bacterial skin infection characterised by pustules and honey-coloured crusted erosions. Boil A boil (also called a furuncle) is a deep form of bacterial folliculitis (infection of a hair follicle). Hand foot and mouth disease Hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD or HFM) is a common, self-limiting, viral infection that causes blisters on the hands,... Papular acrodermatitis Papular acrodermatitis of childhood is a characteristic response of the skin to viral infection in which there is a papular... Molluscum contagiosum Molluscum contagiosum is a common viral skin infection of childhood that causes localised clusters of umbilicated epidermal papules. VIral warts A viral wart is a very common benign lesion caused by infection with human papillomavirus (HPV). Head lice Head lice are small, wingless insects that infest the human scalp. Scabies Scabies is a transmissible skin disease caused by the ectoparasitic mite Sarcoptes scabiei var. Slider: Childhood infections SupportSupported by and contributed to by New Zealand Dermatologists on behalf of the New Zealand Dermatological Society Incorporated. Skin images Diagnosis cards Support us Help us to grow and update the databaseWRITE FOR US DONATE SUBMIT IMAGES Subscribe to the DermNet newsletter Get all website updates by emailSIGN UP Sign up to the newsletter Full name Email address Tell us your profession or specialty Profession or specialty Dermatologist GP HCP Marketing/media Medical student or physician in training Patient Caregiver SPAM PROTECTION - DO NOT FILL THIS FIELD IN IMPORTANT NOTE: DermNet does not provide an online consultation service.If you have any concerns with your skin or its treatment, see a dermatologist for advice. Sponsors Donate Website terms FAQ Advertising policy Privacy policy Image licence Newsletter Volunteer Submit a photo logo-white-2022 © 2024 DermNet. footer-facebook footer-twitter footer-youtube footer-instagram Creative Commons License logo-dark-2022 © 2024 DermNet. DermNet does not provide an online consultation service. If you have any concerns with your skin or its treatment, see a dermatologist for advice.