Tenable® - The Exposure Management Company Skip to Main Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Facebook Google Plus Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Menu Search Resource - BlogResource - WebinarResource - ReportResource - Eventicons_066 icons_067icons_068icons_069icons_070 Tenable Platform Products Solutions Resources Partners Support Company Try Buy Tenable Product Login Community & Support English Deutsch Français (France) Español (América Latina) Português (Brasil) Italiano 简体中文 繁體中文 日本語 한국어 العربية Try Products Tenable One Exposure Management Platform Request a Demo Tenable Vulnerability Management Try for Free Tenable Lumin Try for Free Tenable Cloud Security Request a Demo Tenable CIEM Request a Demo Tenable Attack Surface Management Request a Demo Tenable Nessus Try for Free Tenable Security Center Request a Demo Tenable Identity Exposure Request a Demo Tenable OT Security Request a Demo Tenable Web App Scanning Try for Free Compare Products Business Needs Active Directory Cloud Security Posture Management Compliance Cyber Insurance Exposure Management Generative AI Hybrid Cloud Security IT / OT Legacy vs Risk-based VM Comparison Ransomware Vulnerability Assessment Vulnerability Management Zero Trust Industry Automotive Manufacturing Building Management Systems Energy Finance General Manufacturing Healthcare Oil & Gas Retail Transportation Water State / Local / Education US Federal Compliance PCI NERC CIP FISMA HIPAA CyberScope NIS Directive Security Frameworks Critical Infrastructure Regulations View All Solutions Vm Insight Resource Library Blog Webinars Podcasts Education Cybersecurity Guide Customers Research Research Center Security Plugins Zero-Day Research Research Blog Research Community Featured Webinar Tenable CloudCover Join us monthly for a technical cloud security discussion exploring how you can gain visibility, compliance and incorporate automation into your multi-cloud environments. Watch Now Tenable One Exposure Management Platform Learn More Request a Demo Video Overview Features FAQ Features Related Resources 2022 Exposure Management Report Gartner® outlines the benefits of continuous threat exposure management(CTEM) programs and recommendations for implementing a CTEM program to improve security posture. Read the Report Find a Partner Resellers Distributors MSSP Tenable Assure Partners Overview Channel Partner Program MSSP Partner Program Partner Application Partner Portal Technology Partners Technology Ecosystem Research Alliance Program At Tenable, we're committed to collaborating with leading security technology resellers, distributors and ecosystem partners worldwide. Support Technical Support Tenable Community Documentation Services Professional Services Customer Education Buy Certification Contact Professional Services Get a scoping call and quote for Tenable Professional Services. Contact Us About Us About Tenable Leadership Investor Relations Financial News Releases Tenable Ventures Awards Careers Contact Us News and Events Press Releases In the News Events Featured Webinar A Cybersecurity Leader's Guide for Selecting the Best RBVM & Exposure Management Solution for Your Business Effective vulnerability management has never been more essential for protecting your enterprise from cloud to datacenter to shop floor and beyond. Watch Now Your modern attack surface is exploding. Learn how you can see and understand the full cyber risk across your enterprise Explore Cyber Exposure Overview Lifecycle Platform Tenable One Exposure Management Platform Features FAQ Features Related Resources Products Tenable One Exposure Management Platform Tenable Vulnerability Management Tenable Lumin Tenable Attack Surface Management Tenable Cloud Security Tenable CIEM Tenable Nessus Tenable Security Center Tenable Identity Exposure Tenable OT Security Tenable Web App Scanning Solutions Business Needs Active Directory Cloud Security Posture Management Compliance Cyber Insurance Exposure Management Generative AI Hybrid Cloud Security IT / OT Legacy vs Risk-based VM Comparison Ransomware Vulnerability Assessment Vulnerability Management Zero Trust Industry Automotive Manufacturing Building Management Systems Energy Finance General Manufacturing Healthcare Oil & Gas Retail Transportation Water State / Local / Education US Federal Compliance PCI NERC CIP FISMA HIPAA CyberScope NIS Directive Security Frameworks Critical Infrastructure Regulations View All Solutions Resources Vm Insight Resource Library Blog Webinars Podcasts Education Cybersecurity Guide Customers Research Research Center Security Plugins Zero-Day Research Research Blog Research Community Partners Find a Partner Resellers Distributors MSSP Tenable Assure Partners Overview Channel Partner Program MSSP Partner Program Partner Application Partner Portal Technology Partners Technology Ecosystem Research Alliance Program Support Support Technical Support Tenable Community Documentation Services Professional Services Customer Education Buy Certification Company About Us About Tenable Leadership Investor Relations Financial News Releases Tenable Ventures Awards Careers Contact Us News and Events Press Releases In the News Events The NEWTenable Cloud Security End-to-end CNAPP and leading CIEM capabilities now available to protect multi-cloud environments. Learn More Tenable Named a Leader in Vulnerability Risk Management Learn how Tenable sets the tone for proactive security in The Forrester Wave™: Vulnerability Risk Management, Q3 2023. Learn More Press Release IDC Named Tenable a Leader in Risk-Based Vulnerability Management Learn how Tenable takes the guesswork out of prioritization in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Risk-Based Vulnerability Management Platforms 2023 Vendor Assessment. Read the Excerpt Press Release Explore the NEW Tenable Cloud Security Download the Forrester Wave Report Read the IDC MarketScape Excerpt Threats have evolved. Get ahead of cyber risk. Your attack surface is growing, always changing and more interconnected than ever. With specialized security tools offering an incomplete picture, it can feel impossible to answer the question, “How secure are we?” Tenable’s approach to exposure management combines visibility across all facets of the attack surface with business context so you can accurately understand your organization’s cyber risk and prioritize mitigation. Learn More About Exposure Management Extend visibility. Prioritize action. Communicate risk. Tenable One is a fully integrated cloud-based platform that takes an analytics-led approach to exposure management. It delivers the richness of the Tenable product portfolio — from vulnerability management to cloud security, identity security to external attack surface management, and more — in context to help you make better decisions based on cyber risk. Exposure View Attack Path Analysis Cyber Asset Management Vulnerability Management Web App Security Cloud Security Identity Security Attack Surface Management OT Security Exposure AI Exposure Graph Third Party Data Third Party Data Request a Demo Learn More Featured Solutions Cloud Security Unified Cloud Native Application Protection Platform (CNAPP) Rapid cloud adoption has given rise to complex, multi-cloud environments. With Tenable Cloud Security you can easily ramp up security across all your multi-cloud environments. From full asset discovery and deep risk analysis to runtime threat detection and compliance, you can reduce complexity, minimize your cloud exposure and enforce least privilege at scale. Request a Demo Learn More Operational Technology Security Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Require Industrial Grade Security Industrial enterprises are preparing for the future, integrating OT and IT more than ever before. Industrial digital transformation increases control, efficiencies, production and safety, but it’s not without risks. Tenable offers complete visibility, unified security and prioritization of threat management to help mitigate risk. Request a Demo Learn More Active Directory Security Secure Active Directory and Prevent Attack Paths Behind almost every breach headline is an attack on Active Directory (AD) that allows the attacker to elevate privileges and facilitate lateral movement. Tenable enables you to see everything in your complex Active Directory environment, predict what matters and address risks to prevent attack paths before attackers can exploit them. Try for Free Learn More Vulnerability Management Take a Risk-based Approach to Addressing Exposures Legacy vulnerability management tools are no match for today’s complex IT landscape. Risk-based vulnerability management takes the guesswork out of which vulnerabilities you should tackle first. Gain clear answers so you can avoid wading through a never-ending vulnerability backlog. Try for Free Learn More External Attack Surface Management Discover and Secure Your Entire External Attack Surface Visibility is foundational to cybersecurity, yet few organizations have mastered it. External attack surface management (EASM) maps the entire internet and discovers all of your organization’s domains. Identify and secure previously unknown internet-connected assets to eliminate blind spots. Try for Free Learn More Unified Cloud Native Application Protection Platform (CNAPP) Rapid cloud adoption has given rise to complex, multi-cloud environments. With Tenable Cloud Security you can easily ramp up security across all your multi-cloud environments. From full asset discovery and deep risk analysis to runtime threat detection and compliance, you can reduce complexity, minimize your cloud exposure and enforce least privilege at scale. Request a Demo Learn More Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Require Industrial Grade Security Industrial enterprises are preparing for the future, integrating OT and IT more than ever before. Industrial digital transformation increases control, efficiencies, production and safety, but it’s not without risks. Tenable offers complete visibility, unified security and prioritization of threat management to help mitigate risk. Request a Demo Learn More Secure Active Directory and Prevent Attack Paths Behind almost every breach headline is an attack on Active Directory (AD) that allows the attacker to elevate privileges and facilitate lateral movement. Tenable enables you to see everything in your complex Active Directory environment, predict what matters and address risks to prevent attack paths before attackers can exploit them. Try for Free Learn More Take a Risk-based Approach to Addressing Exposures Legacy vulnerability management tools are no match for today’s complex IT landscape. Risk-based vulnerability management takes the guesswork out of which vulnerabilities you should tackle first. Gain clear answers so you can avoid wading through a never-ending vulnerability backlog. Try for Free Learn More Discover and Secure Your Entire External Attack Surface Visibility is foundational to cybersecurity, yet few organizations have mastered it. External attack surface management (EASM) maps the entire internet and discovers all of your organization’s domains. Identify and secure previously unknown internet-connected assets to eliminate blind spots. Try for Free Learn More Built on Tenable Nessus, the Gold Standard in Vulnerability Assessment Understanding your vulnerabilities is foundational to exposure management, and Nessus is at the core of Tenable One. Trusted by tens of thousands organizations worldwide to assess their modern attack surfaces, Nessus provides an accurate picture to help you do your work quickly and effectively. Try for Free Learn More Tenable Research As the industry leader in vulnerability and exposure insight, Tenable Research backs Tenable solutions. Tenable Research helps you stay on top of the fast-moving threat landscape and get ahead of attackers. Explore the Latest Research 82KK Vulnerabilities assessed with 174,000+ Plugins 498 Vulnerabilities disclosed since January 2019 <24hrs Median time for coverage of high profile issues “Being able to prioritize what we work on in terms of vulnerabilities and threats is crucial. There’s this constant churn of awareness and stress over deciding ‘well, what do we patch first?’” Dan Bowden, CISO Read the Case Study “Being able to prioritize what we work on in terms of vulnerabilities and threats is crucial. There’s this constant churn of awareness and stress over deciding ‘well, what do we patch first?’” Dan Bowden, CISO Read the Case Study “Tenable plays an important role right before deployment, after deployment, to see that the right security portion is being maintained and risks are getting mitigated.” Basant Chaturvedi, Associate Director - Information Technology Watch the Video “It's allowed us to maintain a security posture that's generally desired in the industry and it's because we have the necessary data and the auditing capability to verify we're doing what we're supposed to.” Joseph Goodman, IT Security and Compliance Manager, Outreach and International Affairs Watch the Video “Tenable, in the new platform, has really expanded our ability as a security team to know every single asset that's out there as well as track the vulnerabilities associated with them.” Mathhew S., Security Professional Watch the Video “The vulnerability analysis reports, which could only be offered by such a specialist vendor, and the webinars about how to make use of them are also useful, and Tenable is always helpful when we consult them.” Yu Uchida, Senior Investigator, Cyber Security Group, Cyber Security Read the Case Study “I needed a tool which would talk to administrators so they would develop their security awareness and become so talented that they wouldn’t cause any new deviations. Tenable Identity Exposure's dashboards, alerts and search capabilities fit that...” Didier Cambefort, CISO Read the Case Study “We found the solution in Tenable Vulnerability Management, which gives us much-needed actionable insights ... allowing us to quickly and accurately identify, investigate and prioritize vulnerabilities.” Summet Khokhani, CISO Watch the Video “We use Tenable Vulnerability Management in house. We actually love the product. It's the staple of what we're doing in our penetration testing service...” Jon Brown, Manager, Application and Product Security Testing Watch the Video Trusted by more than 40,000 customers. Explore Customer Stories See Tenable In Action "We do in-depth research on everything. Tenable came out as the clear choice.” Matt Ramberg, Vice President of Information Security, Sanmina Ready to start now? Get a free trial. Featured Products Tenable One Exposure Management Platform Tenable Cloud Security Tenable CIEM Tenable Vulnerability Management Tenable Web App Scanning Tenable Attack Surface Management Tenable Identity Exposure Tenable OT Security Tenable Security Center Tenable Lumin Tenable Nessus → View all Products Featured Solutions Active Directory Building Management Systems Cloud Security Posture Management Compliance Exposure Management Finance General Manufacturing Generative AI Healthcare Hybrid Cloud Security IT/OT Ransomware State / Local / Education US Federal Vulnerability Management Zero Trust → View all Solutions Customer Resources Resource Library Community & Support Customer Education Tenable Research Documentation Nessus Resource Center Cybersecurity Guide Trust System Status Connections Blog Contact Us Careers Investors Tenable Ventures Events Media Privacy Policy Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Legal 508 Compliance © 2024 Tenable®, Inc. All Rights Reserved Try for Free Buy Now Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Your Tenable Vulnerability Management trial also includes Tenable Lumin and Tenable Web App Scanning. Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Purchase your annual subscription today. - 100 assets + Choose Your Subscription Option: 1 Year$3,500 2 Years$6,825 3 Years$9,975 Buy Now Please contact us or a Tenable partner. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable Vulnerability Management. A representative will be in touch soon. Try for Free Buy Now Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Your Tenable Vulnerability Management trial also includes Tenable Lumin and Tenable Web App Scanning. Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Purchase your annual subscription today. - 100 assets + Choose Your Subscription Option: 1 Year$3,500 2 Years$6,825 3 Years$9,975 Buy Now Please contact us or a Tenable partner. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable.io. A representative will be in touch soon. Try for Free Buy Now Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Your Tenable Vulnerability Management trial also includes Tenable Lumin and Tenable Web App Scanning. Tenable Vulnerability Management Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Purchase your annual subscription today. - 100 assets + Choose Your Subscription Option: 1 Year$3,500 2 Years$6,825 3 Years$9,975 Buy Now Please contact us or a Tenable partner. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable Vulnerability Management. A representative will be in touch soon. Try for Free Buy Now Try Tenable Web App Scanning Enjoy full access to our latest web application scanning offering designed for modern applications as part of the Tenable One Exposure Management platform. Safely scan your entire online portfolio for vulnerabilities with a high degree of accuracy without heavy manual effort or disruption to critical web applications. Sign up now. Your Tenable Web App Scanning trial also includes Tenable Vulnerability Management and Tenable Lumin. Buy Tenable Web App Scanning Enjoy full access to a modern, cloud-based vulnerability management platform that enables you to see and track all of your assets with unmatched accuracy. Purchase your annual subscription today. - 5 FQDNs + $3,578 Buy Now Please contact us or a Tenable partner. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable Web App Scanning. A representative will be in touch soon. Try for Free Contact Sales Try Tenable Lumin Visualize and explore your exposure management, track risk reduction over time and benchmark against your peers with Tenable Lumin. Your Tenable Lumin trial also includes Tenable Vulnerability Management and Tenable Web App Scanning. Buy Tenable Lumin Contact a Sales Representative to see how Tenable Lumin can help you gain insight across your entire organization and manage cyber risk. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable Lumin. A representative will be in touch soon. Request a demo of Tenable Security Center Please fill out this form with your contact information.A sales representative will contact you shortly to schedule a demo. * Field is required Request a demo of Tenable OT Security Get the Operational Technology Security You Need.Reduce the Risk You Don’t. Request a demo of Tenable Identity Exposure Continuously detect and respond to Active Directory attacks. No agents. No privileges.On-prem and in the cloud. Request a Demo of Tenable Cloud Security Exceptional unified cloud security awaits you! We’ll show you exactly how Tenable Cloud Security helps you deliver multi-cloud asset discovery, prioritized risk assessments and automated compliance/audit reports. See Tenable One In Action Exposure management for the modern attack surface. See Tenable Attack Surface Management In Action Know the exposure of every asset on any platform. Thank You Thank you for your interest in Tenable Attack Surface Management. A representative will be in touch soon. Try for Free Buy Now Try Tenable Nessus Professional Free FREE FOR 7 DAYS Tenable Nessus is the most comprehensive vulnerability scanner on the market today. NEW - Tenable Nessus Expert Now Available Nessus Expert adds even more features, including external attack surface scanning, and the ability to add domains and scan cloud infrastructure. Click here to Try Nessus Expert. Fill out the form below to continue with a Nessus Pro Trial. Buy Tenable Nessus Professional Tenable Nessus is the most comprehensive vulnerability scanner on the market today. Tenable Nessus Professional will help automate the vulnerability scanning process, save time in your compliance cycles and allow you to engage your IT team. Buy a multi-year license and save. Add Advanced Support for access to phone, community and chat support 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Select Your License Buy a multi-year license and save. 1 Year - $3,990* 2 Years - $7,780.50*Save 3 Years - $11,371.50*Save Add Support and Training Advanced Support - $400 24x365 Access to phone, email, community, and chat support. More info. Nessus Fundamentals - $250 1 Year Access to the Nessus Fundamentals On-Demand Video Course for 1 person. More info. Buy Now Renew an existing license | Find a reseller | Request a Quote *VAT incl. Try for Free Buy Now Try Tenable Nessus Expert Free FREE FOR 7 DAYS Built for the modern attack surface, Nessus Expert enables you to see more and protect your organization from vulnerabilities from IT to the cloud. Already have Tenable Nessus Professional? Upgrade to Nessus Expert free for 7 days. Buy Tenable Nessus Expert Built for the modern attack surface, Nessus Expert enables you to see more and protect your organization from vulnerabilities from IT to the cloud. Select Your License Buy a multi-year license and save more. 1 Year - $5,990*Save 2 Years - $11,680.50*Save 3 Years - $17,071.50*Save Add Support and Training Advanced Support - $400 24x365 Access to phone, email, community, and chat support. More info. Nessus Fundamentals - $250 1 Year Access to the Nessus Fundamentals On-Demand Video Course for 1 person. More info. Nessus Fundamentals + Nessus Advanced - $350 1 Year Access to the Nessus Fundamentals and Nessus Advanced On-Demand Video Courses for 1 person. More info. Buy Now Renew an existing license | Find a reseller | Request a quote Learn How Tenable Helps Achieve SLCGP Cybersecurity Plan Requirements Tenable solutions help fulfill all SLCGP requirements. Connect with a Tenable representative to learn more. Thank you. You should receive a confirmation email shortly and one of our Sales Development Representatives will be in touch. Route any questions to [email protected].