University of Rochester Medical Center | UR Medicine Skip to content Common Searches MyChart Login On-Demand Video Visits Remote Access Jobs Quick Links Find a Provider Cost Estimator Clinical Trials Refer a Patient MyChart Pay a Bill Cost Estimates & Pricing Careers Giving Research Education Health Equity Find a Provider Locations Conditions & Treatments Get Care Now Search MyChart Pay a Bill Cost Estimates & Pricing Careers Giving Research Education Health Equity Your home for world-class care We're the region's only health care network powered by an academic research center, transforming medicine and advancing care throughout our community. Get Care﻿ Advances Happen Here For nearly 100 years, we’ve led the way to ever better cures. See how our focus on world-class care, research, and education is transforming medicine for our community and beyond. Get & Manage Care Get Care Now Whenever and wherever you need care, we’re there for you. Find emergency, urgent, and virtual care options. View Care Options﻿ MyChart Your online portal to make appointments, view test results, eCheck-in, read notes from your provider, and more. Log in to MyChart﻿ Pay Bills Online View your bill and pay it, pay by phone, or set up recurring payments so no bill is left unpaid. Pay a Bill﻿ Transplant Saves Young Woman “They gave me my life back” It took 14 hours in surgery, two new organs, and care from a UR Medicine team of more than 250. Now, a busy Chili mom has a new chance at life. Read Ashley's Story﻿ Backed by Research We’re the only academic medical center in the region. That means our treatments are informed by the very latest research, changing lives today and into the future. See how advances keep us on the leading edge of care. Research Programs Steve Dewhurst, Vice President for Research "Our research impacts patient care on a daily basis, and that's because our clinicians are deeply involved in our research effort and vice versa. It's that synergy that lies at the heart of this academic medical center, and it's what sets us apart." A New Kind of Education Our School of Medicine & Dentistry weaves classroom and clinical learning through all four years of learning. Graduate Medical Education offers more than 90 programs across numerous disciplines. Our School of Nursing offers options for all types of students, including career changers. The Eastman Institute of Oral Health attracts postdoc dental students and residents from around the world. Education Programs Cassandra Houser ('22) | Microbiology & Immunology "What caught me and caught my attention about Rochester was the people. When I interviewed I had very positive interactions with not only the faculty, but the students. Of course, the research was cutting edge, but definitely the people is what brought me to Rochester." Health Equity and Community Health Our goal is equal life expectancy for all in our community. See how partnerships, new initiatives, and training of clinicians and scientists are transforming how we operate and deliver care. Health Equity in Action Latest Stories & News from URMC Jan. 31, 2024 As Cancer Therapies Improve, More Patients with Rectal Cancer Forego Surgery Jan. 25, 2024 Why It’s So Hard to Lose Weight in the Winter Jan. 19, 2024 UR Medicine Performs Record Number of Heart Transplants in 2023 Join our newsletter for weekly updates! Sign Up About UR Medicine Equity & Anti-Racism Action Plan Newsroom Contact Us Patient & Visitor Resources Clinical Trials Events Health Encyclopedia Medical Records Price Transparency Notice of Privacy Practices For Medical Professionals For Employees Notice of Non-Discrimination Policy Policies Follow Us: ©2024 University of Rochester Medical Center