IEA — Institute of Economic Affairs Skip to content Menu IEA InfoIEA InfoAbout Us Who we are StaffTrusteesAdvisory CouncilAcademic Advisory CouncilFellowsNobel Prize Winning EconomistsIEA Award Winners What We DoFAQsContact UsCareers Jobs DigitalResearch PublicationsEconomic AffairsEA MagazineShadow Monetary Policy CommitteePeer Review Protocol BlogMedia Press ReleasesIn The MediaMedia Enquiries StudentsInternational Initiative for African Trade and ProsperityEPICENTERTranslationsIEA Primers Donate Donate NowCorporate PartnershipsDonate to IEA ProjectsIEA Book ClubPatreonOther Ways to DonateLegacy GiftDonate from USAContact Us Events Past Events Search for: Search Search for: Search IEA Info Home About Staff Jobs Epicenter Contact Us Wealth Generation: How to Boost Income Mobility in the UK By Justin Callais & Vincent Geloso Find out more Economic Freedom, the Key to Social Mobility? With Kristian Niemietz & Vincent Geloso Find out more & RSVP IEA-Vinson Centre Sixth Form Conference with Concord College Find out more & register Graphic Content: How red tape is fuelling the cost of living crisis By Matthew Lesh Find out more Apocalypse Next: The Economics of Global Catastrophic Risks By Stephen Davies Find out more IEA Book Club Event with Jennifer Burns With Tom Clougherty & Jennifer Burns Watch the Event The Future of UK Trade Policy after Brexit With Tom Clougherty, Catherine McBride, John Springford & Julian Jessop Watch the Event Trees for burning: the biomass controversy By Christopher Snowdon Read here The Experience of Free Banking Edited by Kevin Dowd Read here Prohibition 2.0: Critiquing the Generational Tobacco Ban By Christopher Snowdon Read here Blog Students Events Media Centre Join the thousands of people who read our weekly newsletter. Get informed. Stay Informed. Add email to start...: Go Leave this field empty if you're human: Latest Research.View all insights 29Feb Wealth Generation: How to Boost Income Mobility in the UK Summary Many argue that income mobility is declining. This applies to all types of income mobility (relative and absolute; intergenerational … Continue reading "IEA" 22Feb Graphic Content: How red tape is fuelling the cost of living crisis Contents Summary Red tape significantly contributes to the higher cost of living in the United Kingdom. The Consumer Price Index … Continue reading "IEA" 29Jan Apocalypse Next: The Economics of Global Catastrophic Risks Order on Amazon or request a review copy from [email protected] Introduction The popular mind today is haunted by the images … Continue reading "IEA" 18Jan Trees for burning: the biomass controversy Contents Introduction Since 2005, four British power plants have been converted from coal to biomass as part of the transition … Continue reading "IEA" 15Dec The Experience of Free Banking FOREWORD TO THE FIRST EDITION (1992) The idea for this book was initially suggested by Chris Tame of the Libertarian … Continue reading "IEA" 14Dec The Road to Freedom: Estonia’s Rise from Soviet Vassal State to One of the Freest Nations on Earth Introduction The Road to Freedom: Estonia’s Rise from Soviet Vassal State to One of the Freest Nations on Earth recounts … Continue reading "IEA" "The IEA is the home of good economic analysis applied to public policy." Allister Heath, The Telegraph IEA Digital. How the World Became RICH How did the world become rich? Join Daniel Freeman, Managing Editor at the Institute of Economic Affairs, in a insightful … Continue reading "IEA" Housing Crisis Unpacked: Will Gove’s Housing Reforms make a Difference? | IEA Podcast Will Gove’s housing reforms make a difference? Join host Matthew Lesh and the IEA’s Dr. Kristian Niemietz as they delve … Continue reading "IEA" The REAL Reason for the Cost of Living Crisis Discover the hidden force behind rising living costs in in the IEA’s new paper “Graphic Content: How Red Tape is … Continue reading "IEA" The IEA is an educational charity and free market think tank. Our mission is to improve understanding of the fundamental institutions of a free society by analysing and expounding the role of the markets in solving economic and social problems. About the IEA Donate About Us Staff What We Do Privacy Policy Contact Us Donate Now Publications In The Media Press Release Media Enquiries Newsletter signup Get informed. Stay Informed. Add email to start...: Go Leave this field empty if you're human: Keep in touch with the IEA Donate Like Follow Watch Follow Copyright © Institute of Economic Affairs | REGISTERED IN ENGLAND 755502, CHARITY NO. CC/235 351, LIMITED BY GUARANTEE × XWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. Read More REJECTCookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Uncategorized uncategorized Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept Powered by CookieYes