Automatic, Self-Cleaning Litter Box for Cats | Litter-Robot The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Skip to Content Search Search Search Best Friends Bundles help save a cat Learn More▸ Toggle Nav Litter-Robot Shopping Litter-Robot 4 Litter-Robot 3 Connect Bundles Reconditioned Accessories Shop all Learn How it works Features & benefits About us Press reviews Our guarantee The app Acclimating your pet FAQ Support Feeder-Robot Litter + More Shopping Litter Subscriptions OdorTrap Cat Extras Furniture Shop all Sidebar As low as $50/mo. Shop Now Reviews My Account Search My Cart Toggle Nav Search Litter-Robot Litter-Robot 4 Litter-Robot 3 Connect Bundles Reconditioned Accessories Shop All Learn How it works Features & benefits About us Press reviews Our guarantee Acclimating your pet The app FAQ Support Feeder-Robot Litter + More Litter Subscriptions OdorTrap Cat Extras Furniture Shop all Reviews Sign In Quick Links How it Works Features & Benefits Reviews FAQ Support Never scoop again® Litter-Robot makes cat-life easier by removing the chore of scooping. Shop now Save $50on all bundles Shop our best dealon Litter-Robot, litter, and more. Shop now Litter-Robot 4 Litter-Robot 3 Bundles Feeder-Robot Subscriptions Litter The highest-rated self-cleaning litter box Cats love it. Cat parents love it more. Self-cleaning Sifts out waste after every use so you never have to scoop again. Odor control Clumps automatically fall into a tightly-sealed drawer, keeping odors at bay. Pet monitoring Track your cat’s weight with SmartScale®, follow their bathroom usage and get waste level alerts. Multi-cat friendly One Litter-Robot is suitable for up to four cats–removing the need for multiple boxes. Shop now How it works Join 1 million happy pet parents (50,000+ Reviews) The reviews are in.Cat-life with Litter-Robot is just better. See the reviews “Named one of TIME's Best Inventions of 2022” “A Smart Litter Box That’s Worth The Investment.” “The Litter-Robot 4 Makes Daily Scooping Obsolete.” “Can’t see a world where I will ever go back to a regular litter box.” Every Best Friends Bundle purchase saves a cat For every Best Friends® Bundle sold, we’re donating 1% of sales to sponsor cat adoptions at Best Friends pet lifesaving centers. Shop now Make the switch.Here's why 90-day in-home trial Free Shipping* Pay over time with Affirm WhiskerCare™ 1-year Warranty Designed & assembled in the USA * (excl. AK, HI, & PR) Shop now How it works FAQ Does Litter-Robot eliminate all litter box odors? Because waste is promptly removed and contained in the base, typical litter box odors will be significantly reduced with Litter-Robot. Litter-Robot 4 features an optional OdorTrap™ System designed to neutralize litter box odors. This system uses the combination of a sealed waste drawer and carbon filter to reduce odors. You can opt to replace the carbon filter with OdorTrap™ Packs to eliminate litter box odors through natural chemistry. This is one reason why Litter-Robot is a great choice for multiple-cat households. What is a self-cleaning litter box? A self-cleaning litter box offers many benefits for both cats and pet parents by automatically providing a clean bed of litter every time your cat needs to go. Cats naturally prefer a clean place to do their business and if they’re presented with a dirty litter box, they may go outside the litter box or not go at all—potentially leading to a host of health problems. A self-cleaning litter box like Litter-Robot eliminates the need for pet parents to have to scoop, saving time and frustration brought on by an unpleasant chore. Additional benefits include better managing odor control, keeping cats’ paws cleaner, and helping reduce litter usage. With Litter-Robot, you’re not just buying a self-cleaning litter box—you’re getting a better way of life with your cat! Will my cat be scared to use a self-cleaning litter box? Most cats acclimate to Litter-Robot just fine. The trick is to ease your cat into the transition. We recommend placing Litter-Robot near the old litter box without removing the old litter box yet. Take a cup of litter from the old litter box and add it to the clean litter in Litter-Robot to provide a familiar scent. If you have an increasingly skittish or skeptical kitty, leave Litter-Robot turned off until you know it’s been used. Read more about how to acclimate your cat. Does Litter-Robot require special litter? Not at all! Litter-Robot doesn’t need special litter or proprietary consumables like several other self-cleaning litter boxes on the market. In fact, Litter-Robot works well with almost any clumping litter. Litter beads and crystals that are small enough to pass through the screen will also work in Litter-Robot. Litters that are strictly absorbent, non-clumping, loose-clumping, newspaper-based, or wood-based pellets won’t work with Litter-Robot, as they interfere with the sifting process. Can kittens use Litter-Robot? Kittens that weigh 3 pounds or more can safely use Litter-Robot 4 in automatic mode, while kittens that weigh 5 pounds or more can use Litter-Robot 3 (with or without Connect) in automatic mode. If your kitten does not meet this minimum weight, leave Litter-Robot off to operate in “semi-automatic” mode. When you see your kitten has used Litter-Robot, turn it on, and Litter-Robot will automatically perform a clean cycle. Once it finishes, turn the power off. This way, your kitten is safe while they get accustomed to Litter-Robot at a young age, and you don’t have to scoop the litter box! Will it fit my home? Yes! Litter-Robot 3 is about the size of a nightstand, while Litter-Robot 4 has a footprint similar to that of a large traditional litter box—so there’s no need to make additional space. See exact dimensions below: Litter-Robot 3 Dimensions: Height: 29.5" (74.9cm) Width: 24.25" (68.6cm) Depth: 27" (68.6cm) Litter-Robot 4 Dimensions: Height: 29.5" (74.9cm) Width: 22" (55.8cm) Depth: 27" (68.6cm) Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Pinterest Litter-Robot Litter-Robot 4 Explore Litter-Robot 4 Litter-Robot 3 Connect Litter-Robot 3 Explore Litter-Robot 3 Accessories Bundles How it Works Features & Benefits The App Acclimating your Pet Shop All Shop All Feeder-Robot Furniture Cat Extras Reviews Support Track My Order Shipping Getting Started Support Center Software Releases WhiskerCare™ Warranty Returns Financing FAQ Company About Us USA Careers Blog Media Vet-Approved / Dr. Lee Patents Partners Affiliates Influencers Refer-a-Friend Professionals Retail International Desktop Single Items Reviews FAQ Get the scoop about not scooping. Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe © Whisker. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Prop 65 California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Change Country United States Shop Whisker websites United States English Canada English Français United Kingdom English France English Germany English Italy English Ireland English Netherlands English Shop authorized resellers Australia English Belgium English Canada English European Union English France English Germany English Israel עִברִית Japan English Korea 한국어 Netherlands English New Zealand English Spain English Taiwan Tiếng Việt Thailand ภาษาไทย United Kingdom English Welcome! We noticed that you're on the wrong website for your country.Select your country or region below: USA Canada (English) Europe United Kingdom Don't see your country or region? For other ways to buy, visit our International Partners page. Welcome! We noticed that you're on the wrong website for your country.Select your country or region below: Australia Don't see your country or region? For other ways to buy, visit our International Partners page. Welcome! We noticed that you're on the wrong website for your country.Select your country or region below: USA Canada (English) Europe United Kingdom Canada (Français) Don't see your country or region? For other ways to buy, visit our International Partners page. Return to Top