Dr. Joseph Sarkissian DDS - Holistic Dentistry Skip to content First Do No Harm Holistic and Biological Dentistry for Adults and Children Menu Home Search this Site Fast and Painless Dentistry Related Sites About Us We are on Instagram Services Articles Gallery Video Gallery Photo Gallery Appliance Gallery Showcases Contact Contact Newsletter Forms Testimonials Scroll down to content Dr. Joseph Sarkissian DDS What is biological / natural / holistic dentistry? In practicing biological dentistry, we follow the ancient principle of “FIRST DO NO HARM” This implies that, in our office, the patient comes first, and is evaluated as a whole person rather than a set of teeth. A blend of laser, cosmetic, homeopathic and family dentistry is applied following biological, or holistic principles. This, combined with highly individualized treatment plans, results in the best possible care for patients of all ages. We are a mercury-free office, our facility is spacious, equipped with the latest technology (including digital X-rays and the dental Laser – WATERLASE by BIOLASE) and designed meticulously to impart a sense of serenity and comfort to those seeking our services. We particularly love seeing children (and they love to see us – which might be more important for you as a parent). Illustrated Dental Procedures Fast and Painless Dentistry Experience our dental high-tech treatment option, the Enables Painless Biological Dentistry Painless – no shot necessary No micro-fractures or thermal damage NO cross contamination as with drill More precise, minimally invasive Same-Day Dentistry has Arrived CEREC Crowns, Inlays, Onlays in Only One Office Visit No impressions No temporaries No follow-up visit See the article on our Blog. Related Sites Homeopathic Dentistry Blog An evolving collection of articles that educates and informs you of dental procedures and subjects, especially in the field of bological dentistry. Non-extraction Orthodontics Learn about the guiding principle of “Don’t extract perfectly good teeth” and how this applies to your child. Implants – Metal-free! A comprehensive treatise on use of implants to replace missing teeth with stress on the use of bio-compatible materials. Zirconia Dental Implants Showcases of the use of bio-compatible zirconia dental implants to replace missing teeth. Call 818.247.7828 Search for: Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Instagram Privacy Policy First Do No Harm ...