Home - CPA Practice Advisor Skip to main content Login Join for free My Account Logout Payroll Benefits Human Resources Payroll Software Payroll Taxes Accounting Accounting Standards ESG Financial Reporting Nonprofit Small Business Taxes Income Tax IRS Legislation Sales Tax State and Local Taxes Tax Planning Technology Artificial Intelligence Automation Cloud Technology Digital Currency Hardware Security Software Advisory CAS Financial Planning Risk Management Auditing Audit Standards PCAOB SEC Firm Management AICPA Marketing Mergers and Acquisitions Staffing Webinars and CPE Events Reports and Whitepapers Podcasts Awards and Rankings Contributors Ensuring Success Hello. It looks like you’re using an ad blocker that may prevent our website from working properly. To receive the best experience possible, please make sure any blockers are switched off and refresh the page. If you have any questions or need help you can email us Home Featured…. RightNOW Conference 2024 So, What’s Next? HHM CPAs Teams Up With Bizzell, Neff & Galloway in Florida Beyond Numbers: Cultivating Emotional Intelligence in the Accounting Profession How to Save Time and Money This Busy Season Contributors…. Becky Livingston Insider Marketing Tips for Accounting Advisory Success Garrett Wagner Private Equity in Public Accounting: Salvation or Ruination? Richard D. Alaniz What Small Businesses Need to Know about the ADA and FMLA Randy Johnston So, What’s Next? Webinars and CPE…. Patriot Software to Host Webinar on 401(k) Benefits Webinar: Take the Stress Out of Tax Season with Bite-Size Benchmarks Events…. Accounting RightNOW Conference 2024 Top influencer keynotes, transformative tech insights and AI innovators converge to elevate the accounting profession at RightNOW 2024. May 14-16, 2024 | Austin, TX. Isaac M. O’Bannon Accounting AICPA Engage – June 3-6, 2024 Isaac M. O’Bannon Podcasts…. The Accounting Technology Lab Podcast: Overview of Stanford Tax – Mar. 2024 Brian Tankersley, Randy Johnston The Accounting Technology Lab Podcast: Zoho Analyst Day 2024 Brian Tankersley, Randy Johnston Voting Opens for 2024 Readers’ Choice Awards The CPA Practice Advisor Readers’ Choice Awards give readers the opportunity to spotlight the technologies they most rely on and trust to manage their firms. Isaac M. O’Bannon Feb. 14, 2024 How Firms Can Better Package Advisory Services Deciding to offer advisory services is easy, but where do you start? Packaging is a great way to present these new services to clients in a familiar and appealing way. Katie Thomas Mar. 04, 2024 RightNOW Conference 2024 Top influencer keynotes, transformative tech insights and AI innovators converge to elevate the accounting profession at RightNOW 2024. May 14-16, 2024 | Austin, TX. Isaac M. O’Bannon Feb. 28, 2024 So, What’s Next? Embracing adaptability and continuous learning will equip us to thrive in an environment of economic uncertainty and rising costs. Randy Johnston Mar. 05, 2024 HHM CPAs Teams Up With Bizzell, Neff & Galloway in Florida The Chattanooga-based top 100 firm has expanded outside of Tennessee after merging in Bizzell, Neff & Galloway on March 1. Jason Bramwell Mar. 05, 2024 Beyond Numbers: Cultivating Emotional Intelligence in the Accounting Profession As we venture through the evolving landscape of modern business, the ability to adeptly navigate our own emotions and those of others has become indispensable for accountants looking to elevate their service beyond the numbers. Amy Vetter Mar. 05, 2024 How to Save Time and Money This Busy Season Annual Engagements seem to sneak up on us every year. A good request list solution will allow you to create templates, copy engagements, or roll them over so you’re ready for an engagement before it even begins. Mar. 05, 2024 Would You Give Up Social Media For One Year to Never Pay Taxes Again? Americans hate taxes so much that they would entertain some bizarre options for a tax-free life, according to WalletHub. Jason Bramwell Mar. 05, 2024 85% of SMBs Are Enthusiastic About Using AI in Financial Operations Businesses are looking to AI and automation to help them increase efficiency and empower them to redeploy staff to more strategic tasks that can foster innovation and growth. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 05, 2024 Centri Sees Record-Breaking Growth in 2023 The accounting and advisor firm Centri Business Consulting, LLC says it has capped off another highly successful year with a 36% increase in its year-over-year top-line revenue in 2023. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 05, 2024 AICPA Conducts Survey on Recruitment and Training Strategies The group has launched two new surveys designed to fill in gaps and solicit feedback on some of the group’s potential options. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 05, 2024 IRS: Time is Running Out to Claim COVID Stimulus Credit The refundable Recovery Rebate Credit is aimed at taxpayers who did not get one or more of their pandemic-era stimulus checks. Mar. 05, 2024 Small Business Job and Wage Growth Continues According to the Paychex Small Business Employment Watch, year-over-year hourly earnings growth for U.S. workers moderated to 3.42% in February, continuing a trend that began mid-2022. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 05, 2024 Ex-Trump Org CFO Pleads Guilty to Perjury in Fraud Case Allen Weisselberg pleaded guilty to two first-degree perjury counts at a brief Manhattan Criminal Court hearing on March 4. Mar. 05, 2024 Jeff Bezos Passes Elon Musk as World’s Richest Person Musk lost his position atop the Bloomberg Billionaires Index to Jeff Bezos after shares in Tesla Inc. tumbled 7.2% on Monday. Musk now has a net worth of $197.7 billion; Bezos’ fortune is $200.3 billion. Mar. 05, 2024 Bill Adds Predictive Cash Flow Tools to Business Operations Platform The new offerings, BILL Insights and BILL Cash Flow Forecasting, are integrated into the BILL Financial Operations Platform, which already provides category-leading accounts payable, accounts receivable, and spend and expense solutions. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 05, 2024 Who’s Ready For the 2024 Accountant Bracket Challenge? Uncat won the inaugural “ABC Tournament” last year; nominations are open until March 9 to set this year’s field of 64. Jason Bramwell Mar. 04, 2024 California Takes First Step in Introducing Companies to ESG Reporting ESG planning does not need to be an immediate big-ticket line item in your budget. There are steps leadership teams could be taking right now to prepare for the evolution of ESG regulations and frameworks in the U.S. Mar. 04, 2024 CPACharge Launches Next Day Payments The announcement of CPACharge next day payments comes on the heels of AffiniPay’s news announcing the launch of AffiniPay IQ and in-person payment abilities which will be rolling out to customers later this year. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 04, 2024 How Auditors Are Seizing the Day with Artificial Intelligence AI creates an opportunity as accountants can more readily gain access to the data they need, enabling them to shift their focus to professional judgment and using their experience to analyze and examine information. Mar. 04, 2024 IRS Direct File Pilot Reaches Final Testing Phase The program is moving forward despite pushback from makers of for-profit software such as TurboTax and H&R Block. Mar. 04, 2024 Accountants Make Errors at Work—Just Like Everyone Else But a recent survey from Gartner revealed that staff acceptance of new technology dramatically reduces error rates. Jason Bramwell Mar. 04, 2024 Embracing AI, Automation and Other New Tech Is Necessary for Successful Firms Those willing to embrace change, adapt their strategies, and invest in the future are set to transform their services and client experiences in ways we’re just beginning to imagine. Mar. 04, 2024 Free File Program Filings Up Nearly 10% This Tax Season, IRS Says As of Feb. 24, 943,000 taxpayers had filed returns using Free File, up from last year’s comparable period of 860,000 returns filed. Jason Bramwell Mar. 04, 2024 Insider Marketing Tips for Accounting Advisory Success The goal is to not only attract clients but to also build long-term relationships by demonstrating expertise, trustworthiness, and value. Becky Livingston Mar. 04, 2024 There Are 340,000 Fewer Accountants—and Companies Are Paying the Price The dwindling numbers of CPAs is at a crisis level, but starting salaries are still too low to tempt more people into the field. Mar. 04, 2024 Biden Will Push Higher Taxes For the Wealthy in State of the Union Biden’s vow to raise taxes on the rich, which he expects to make during his speech on Thursday, faces obstacles in Congress. Mar. 04, 2024 How Firms Can Better Package Advisory Services Deciding to offer advisory services is easy, but where do you start? Packaging is a great way to present these new services to clients in a familiar and appealing way. Katie Thomas Mar. 04, 2024 The Accounting Technology Lab Podcast: Overview of Stanford Tax – Mar. 2024 Hosts Randy Johnston and Brian Tankersley, CPA, discuss Stanford Tax, which leverages AI to understand your clients’ prior year tax data, features broad integration options, and can import data from thousands of clients in under 10 minutes. Brian Tankersley, Randy Johnston Mar. 01, 2024 How AI Can Help With Lease Accounting Incorporating AI into lease accounting processes can significantly enhance efficiency and compliance with ASC 842. Mar. 01, 2024 U.S. Employees Surveyed on Use of AI in HR Processes A new study from Paychex, Inc. reveals the benefits and challenges of artificial intelligence in the human resources industry, and how opinions on its use and effectiveness differ between HR professionals and employees. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 01, 2024 FAF Wants to Know How the Private Company Council Can Be More Effective As part of its effectiveness review of the PCC, the Financial Accounting Foundation is soliciting feedback from stakeholders. Jason Bramwell Mar. 01, 2024 Financial Accounting Foundation Names New Vice Chair and Members of GASAC Lisa Washburn was appointed GASAC vice chair and David Goldman and Deborah L. Miller were appointed to the council. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 01, 2024 IRS to Focus on High Income Non-Tax Filers: Some Have Million Dollar Incomes The mailings include more than 25,000 to those with more than $1 million in income, and over 100,000 to people with incomes between $400,000 and $1 million between tax years 2017 and 2021. Isaac M. O’Bannon Mar. 01, 2024 Tweets by CPA Practice Advisor ABOUT CPA PRACTICE ADVISORAbout Contact Us Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Advertise FAQ Magazines & NewslettersMagazine Archive Newsletters Join for free! CPA Practice Advisor is your technology and practice management resource for the accounting profession, giving you personalized access to the latest news, accounting-related events, and expert commentary across all of our channels, including website, whitepapers, newsletters, podcasts, social media, and our annual conference – Ensuring Success. Join for free CPA Practice Advisor is registered with the National Association of State Boards of Accountancy (NASBA) as a sponsor of continuing professional education on the National Registry of CPE Sponsors. © 2024 Firmworks, LLC. All rights reserved