NICE | The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Guidance Evidence-based recommendations developed by independent committees, including professionals and lay members, and consulted on by stakeholders. View all guidance Conditions and diseases Health and social care delivery Health protection Lifestyle and wellbeing Population groups Settings Get involved We want you to be involved in our work. There are many ways you can get involved as a healthcare professional or a member of the public. Tell us what matters to you, your organisation or your community and we’ll share our latest news, features and guidance. register as a stakeholder comment on a consultation join a committee come to a meeting come to an event subscribe to our newsletters. About us Find out more about who we are what we do and how we support social care life sciences the public international health organisations. Our transformation plan explains how we are evolving to meet the changing needs of the health and care system. Register to attend our March board meeting Share your views and experiences of NICE NICE Advice: our refreshed support service for the life sciences sector Latest news New treatment option available today for womb cancer A new treatment option given with chemotherapy is recommended for some types of advanced or recurrent womb cancer in final draft NICE guidance published today. A public consultation on our new approach to prioritising guidance is now open Running for 4 weeks, the consultation seeks your views about our plans to make topic selection and prioritisation more integrated, effective and timely. Up to 14,000 people could benefit from the first treatment for severe alopecia recommended by NICE New one-a-day tablet for people with severe hair loss due to alopecia areata recommended by NICE Updated NICE guidance recommends more targeting of antibiotics to those at the highest risk of suspected sepsis NICE recommends better targeting of antibiotics for suspected sepsis to ensure the right people receive treatment Explore NICE Into practice Resources to help you use our guidance and quality standards. Financial planning Advice and tools to help you make the best use of your resources. Antimicrobial resistance View our antimicrobial prescribing guidelines. Our role in patient safety Our guidelines make evidence-based, best practice recommendations. Find journals and databases Access to a range of journals and other evidence-based resources.