News-Gazette | Your Source for News and Advertising in East Central Illinois Skip to main content Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Site search Search SubscribeToday's PaperDownload App Home About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Subscribe Where to Buy News Local Our County Election 2022 Coronavirus State Weather Election 2024 Sports Illini Sports Prep Sports Community Colleges Business People's Choice Central Illinois Business Magazine Local Offers Agriculture Banking Economy Employment Entrepreneurs Restaurants Retail Living Milestones Church Directory Family Food Gardening Health & Fitness Pets Religion Travel A&E Calendar Art Books Film & Television Music Theater Opinion Editorials Columns Guest Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Obits Submit an obit Request a reprint Obit Archive Classifieds Marketplace Directory Real Estate Business Services Employment Garage Sales Merchandise Transportation Submit a Classified Legal Announcements Jobs Today's Paper One of Editor & Publisher’s ‘10 That Do It Right 2021’ Login Contact Us Marketplace Local Offers Newsletters Subscribe Forms Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram 48° Cloudy Champaign, IL (61820) Today Cloudy. High 52F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Overcast. Low near 40F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 2:03 pm Full Forecast Site search Search Toggle navigation Home About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Subscribe Where to Buy News Local University of Illinois Courts, Police & Fire Politics & Government Education Environment Health Care Housing History Keeping Watch Military Parks & Recreation Science & Technology Social Services Transportation Road Construction Special Reports Our County Rantoul Douglas County Ford County Piatt County Vermilion County Election 2022 Coronavirus State Weather Election 2024 Sports Illini Sports Football Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Volleyball Recruiting Baseball Cross-Country Golf Gymnastics Soccer Softball Swimming & DIving Tennis Track & Field Wrestling Prep Sports Football Boys' Basketball Girls' Basketball Baseball Softball Boys' Golf Girls' Golf Boys' Soccer Girls' Soccer Cross-Country Swimming and Diving Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Wrestling Athletes of the Week Team of the Week Features Highlights Other Community Colleges Business People's Choice Central Illinois Business Magazine Local Offers Agriculture Banking Economy Employment Entrepreneurs Restaurants Retail Living Milestones Church Directory Family Food Gardening Health & Fitness Pets Religion Travel A&E Calendar Promote Your Event Art Books Film & Television Music Theater Opinion Editorials Columns Guest Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Inside Illini Basketball Inside Illini Football Extra Prep Penny for Your Thoughts Locals Youth-baseball Videos Obits Submit an obit Request a reprint Obit Archive Classifieds Marketplace Directory Real Estate Business Services Employment Garage Sales Merchandise Transportation Submit a Classified Legal Announcements Jobs Today's Paper Family sues Christie, deceased doctor under new fertility fraud law 9 hrs ago "I could not believe it. In my wildest dreams, it never occurred to me that the physician was the donor." +5 State police arrest five men for child trafficking operation in Danville 2 hrs ago All of the five men, including two from Danville and another from Westville, were charged with indecent solicitation/aggravated criminal sexual abuse of a child, traveling to meet a child and solicitation to meet a child. CUSF executive director to retire 6 hrs ago Board chair: "It’s difficult to overstate how much Kelly (Hill) will be missed." My Turn | Could Coach Butkovich have handled modern football? 9 hrs ago If I could somehow summon Tuscola's legendary coach from the grave and describe what’s happened to his beloved football game, I’d make sure to be wearing a helmet — a really good, thick-padded helmet. My Turn | There's no substitute for 'the Linda hug' 9 hrs ago What Linda left our high school class with was the importance of her hugs, how they made us feel and how we still think about them. So when we meet again for dinner, we will hug one another or maybe do a big old group hug, and we will do so in her honor every time we meet, Nancy Willamon Knight writes. Family sues Christie, deceased doctor under new fertility fraud law 9 hrs ago "I could not believe it. In my wildest dreams, it never occurred to me that the physician was the donor." Featured Picks +3 News Top of the Morning, March 5, 2024 10 hrs ago We interrupt March Madness for a first-of-its-kind signing ceremony at Blue Ridge High School, where Ty Meeker celebrated his decision to water ski in college. +4 Sports The daily pitch from Sports Editor Matt Daniels: March 4, 2024 Mar 4, 2024 Showdown with Purdue awaits for Illinois. ... Big Monday night for future Illini Morez Johnson. ... Catching up with Unity softball coach Aimee Davis Election 2024 Election '24 | Eight worth watching the next eight months Mar 4, 2024 On this Super Tuesday Eve, we asked back Brian Gaines, the Honorable W. Russell Arrington Professor in State Politics at the University of Illinois, for a look at where things stand in the race for the White House. +17 News Big 10: Women's History Month, local sports legends edition Mar 2, 2024 Kicking off Women’s History Month, we asked 10 of the area’s most accomplished female athletes: Growing up, who’s the sports star you most wanted to be like? Our panel: Stephanie (Canfield) Stinnett, Kindal Shores, Allie Lindemann, Taylor Edwards, Anastasia (Harold) Randle, Kandy Lindsey, Joella Koss, Heather (Wilson) Horn, LaTana Lillard and Katherine Reutter-Adamek. Mobile App Download NowThe News-Gazette mobile app brings you the latest local breaking news, updates, and more. Read the News-Gazette on your mobile device just as it appears in print. More News News Carle Foundation Hospital now has its own pharmacy 9 hrs ago This CarleRx location is modeled after the one at Carle Champaign on Curtis and will be staffed with pharmacists and technicians to meet the expected level of demand. +2 iFAB partners bring $680 million to support biomanufacturing in central Illinois 9 hrs ago "We have all the components we need to prime a biomanufacturing economy within a 50-mile radius of where we are today," UI Chancellor Robert Jones said. "There really is no place in the world that can match what we have right here, right now in central Illinois." Champaign school set to raise $2,000 for international mission by creating slime 9 hrs ago Students at Champaign’s Judah Christian School are adding their own twist to their participation in a “Look Out For The Left Out” event run by the family of Calla Woods, a 9-year-old girl who had a passion for selling slime and helping others. +2 Prom-goers go country in fundraiser to benefit Eastern Illinois Foodbank 9 hrs ago The annual event raised enough money to buy 350,000 meals for food-insecure individuals and families in the foodbank’s 18-county service territory. Area history, March 5, 2024 10 hrs ago Today is Tuesday, March 5, 2024. Here are local news reports from 100, 50 and 15 years ago: +2 Longtime McDonald's employee surprised for 90th birthday Mar 4, 2024 "She's like the lady I think we all want to grow up and be," said Gus Bolanos, McDonald's director of operations for Central Illinois. +3 New Champaign County judge: 'I am ready to get to work' Mar 4, 2024 Rob Jacobson stood before an audience of more than 70 people before he raised his right hand and was sworn in as the county's newest associate judge. Preps More Sports Sports Can't Wait For Saturday | IMHO, LSU quarterback Burrow the right pick as all-playoff era quarterback 7 hrs ago Bog Ten players selected too Good Morning, Illini Nation: Reason, logic behind a ballot 8 hrs ago Beat writer Scott Richey weighs in on life as an AP Top 25 voter and examines another week's… Game 30 preview | No. 3 Purdue at No. 12 Illinois; 6 p.m., Peacock 9 hrs ago Beat writer Scott Richey breaks down the matchup between the Illini and Boilermakers Unique Senior Night coming for Illini 9 hrs ago Seven Illinois players will be honored ahead of Tuesday's game against Purdue The daily pitch from Sports Editor Matt Daniels: March 5, 2024 9 hrs ago Showdown between Illinois and Purdue in Champaign tonight. ... Six-page Big Ten women's bask… More Multimedia Photo & Video Gallery More Videos Videos View all Special Sections High School Confidential February 29, 2024 Entertainment Extra February 23, 2024 Meeting Minutes & More February 23, 2024 High School Confidential February 22, 2024 Agribusiness February 22, 2024 Entertainment Extra February 16, 2024 More Business Business Longtime McDonald's employee surprised for 90th birthday Mar 4, 2024 "She's like the lady I think we all want to grow up and be," said Gus Bolanos, McDonald's director of operations for Central Illinois. Top of the Morning, March 4, 2024 Mar 4, 2024 Watson's Shack and Rail has been a vital part of downtown Champaign's culinary scene for nea… It's Your Business | Champaign's renovated Skelton Park taking shape Mar 3, 2024 A newly renovated Skelton Park could be open by early spring, according to an estimate from … Building permits, March 2, 2024 Mar 2, 2024 Listed are permits for all new single-family and multi-family residences as well as commerci… Opening day for Smitty's in Champaign Mar 1, 2024 Work also continues on site in Danville. Trending Food Videos More Arts & Entertainment A splash of color in Urbana High School hallway celebrates education Mar 4, 2024 They chose the high school’s motto, “Gladly we would learn, and gladly teach” as the theme. Mad about the Movies | Special sing-along version of 'The Sound of Music' coming to Virginia Theatre Mar 3, 2024 If seeing “The Wizard of Oz” and “Singin’ in the Rain” on the big screen in the first two en… John Frayne | UI Oratario Society, Chamber Singers join C-U Symphony for special celebration Mar 3, 2024 The Feb. 10 concert by the Champaign-Urbana Symphony, conducted by Stephen Alltop, was inten… Susan McKinney | Time to talk Mar 3, 2024 “The Engagement Party,” by Darby Kane, is advertised as “And Then There Were None” meets “I … It's Your Business | Champaign's renovated Skelton Park taking shape Mar 3, 2024 A newly renovated Skelton Park could be open by early spring, according to an estimate from … Upcoming Events More Living For the 55-and-over crowd, March 2-9, 2024 Mar 2, 2024 Ethel & Maud Luncheon: The January edition is set for Jan. 17 at City View on the fourth floor of the Illinois Terminal My Amish Home | Me — enjoying a winter snow day Feb 28, 2024 “Rejoice in the Lord always: and again I say, rejoice. Let your moderation be known to all men, the Lord is at hand. Be careful for nothing; b… For the 55-and-over crowd, Feb. 24-March 2, 2024 Feb 24, 2024 Ethel & Maud Luncheon: The January edition is set for Jan. 17 at City View on the fourth floor of the Illinois Terminal More Letters Opinion Our Turn | Justice for only those who can afford it is not justice at all Virtual appearances over Zoom and other platforms allow low-income clients and people who represent themselves to avoid taking time off work t… Bob Asmussen | For Champaign native Nelson, military service is in the blood Spencer Nelson wears his feelings about his family’s U.S. military history on his sleeve. Literally. My Turn | Could Coach Butkovich have handled modern football? If I could somehow summon Tuscola's legendary coach from the grave and describe what’s happened to his beloved football game, I’d make sure to… My Turn | There's no substitute for 'the Linda hug' What Linda left our high school class with was the importance of her hugs, how they made us feel and how we still think about them. So when we… Recent Obituaries View All Cast your votes Latest News Explosive fire at site housing vaping supplies kills 1 outside Detroit, sends debris a mile away Independent Sen. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona says she won’t seek reelection, avoiding 3-way race The Latest | No longer first in line, Iowa Democrats quietly mail in ballots Nashville cleared the runway for an emergency. Pilot said 'I'm too far away' Gaza cease-fire talks fail to achieve a breakthrough with Ramadan just days away, Egypt says Liberty University will pay $14 million, the largest fine ever levied under the federal Clery Act Latest e-Edition Already a subscriber? Click the image on the left to view the latest e-edition. Don't have a subscription? Click here to see our subscription options. Mobile App Download NowThe News-Gazette mobile app brings you the latest local breaking news, updates, and more. Read the News-Gazette on your mobile device just as it appears in print. e-Edition & App Help News in your Inbox The #Mailbag Pick the brain of veteran News-Gazette columnist Tom Kacich and veteran WDWS/WHMS radio personality Kathy Reiser. Read the latest Marketplace Find a local business View All Local Offers Trending Recipes Most Popular Articles ArticlesIDOT's about-face on I-74 overpass prompts outcryGood Morning, Illini Nation: A look at the Big Ten standingsOpening day for Smitty's in ChampaignMay we have a word about ... Coleman Hawkins?Tom Kacich | The legend of Piatt County's Crybaby BridgeQuick hits | No. 13 Illinois 91, Wisconsin 83Grades are in: Domask's big second half helps key Illinois winKathy's #Mailbag, March 1, 2024Family sues Christie, deceased doctor under new fertility fraud lawIn region void of department stores, Market Place's Macy's 'is part of the draw' Tweets by news_gazette Sections Home News Sports Illini Sports Business Arts & Entertainment Local Events Announcements Obituaries Opinion Multimedia Subscriber Services Subscription Services & FAQs Self-Service Subscription System Info Change of Address Delivery Issues Pay Bill Vacation Stop/Restart Other Services Advertise with Us Classifieds Employee Directory Forms Library Lookup Service Marketplace Directory Promote Your Event Search Website Search Archives Submit a Classified Subscribe to At Home Weather Where to Buy Contact Information news-gazette.com 2101 Fox Drive Champaign, IL 61820 Phone: 217-351-5252 Email: news@news-gazette.com Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Illinois Hancock Journal-Pilot Iroquois Times-Republic Journal-Republican The News-Gazette Indiana Fountain Co. Neighbor Herald Journal KV Post News Newton Co. Enterprise Rensselaer Republican Review-Republican Iowa Atlantic News Telegraph Audubon Advocate-Journal Barr's Post Card News Burlington Hawk Eye Collector's Journal Fayette County Union Ft. Madison Daily Democrat Independence Bulletin-Journal Keokuk Daily Gate City Oelwein Daily Register Vinton Newspapers Waverly Newspapers Michigan Iosco County News-Herald Ludington Daily News Oceana's Herald-Journal Oscoda Press White Lake Beacon New York Finger Lakes Times Olean Times Herald Salamanca Press Pennsylvania Bradford Era Clearfield Progress Courier Express Free Press Courier Jeffersonian Democrat Leader Vindicator Potter Leader-Enterprise The Wellsboro Gazette × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The News-Gazette 2101 Fox Drive, Champaign, IL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy