Home : Hypothesis Skip to main content Register today for the virtual social annotation conference of the year - AnnotatED 2024! Solutions Overview Education Everyone Research About Us Overview Team Careers Press Product Releases Resources Case Studies Blog Events Developers Educator Resources Paste a Link Help Contact Us Login Create Account Login Get Started Collaborate with anyone, anywhere. Use Hypothesis to annotate anything online with classmates, colleagues, or friends. Create a free personal account, or talk to our sales team about Education solutions. Get Started Bringing content and conversation together. Hypothesis adds a collaborative layer over any online content. Through the power of social annotation, we can make online discussions more meaningful, productive, and engaging. Changing online discussions for good. Hypothesis is a mission-driven organization building universal collaboration into the internet with open-source technology. Vision and Values Comment on and highlight what interests you. Annotate articles, websites, videos, documents, apps, and more – without clicking away or posting elsewhere. Hypothesis is easy to use and based on open web standards, so it works across the entire internet. Turn annotations into conversations. Classrooms, coworkers, and communities can share ideas, ask questions, and respond to annotations. Set groups to public or private to create your ideal discussion. Build durable, shared knowledge. No more losing valuable knowledge across email, forums, and apps. Annotations are saved at the source and accessible to everyone, preserving commentary in context. 01. Comment & Highlight 02. Conversations 03. Knowledge Hypothesis is for Education Keep students engaged and connected with a seamless learning experience. Learn More Research Create a new method of peer review and engagement for researchers and publications. Learn More Everyone Share and discuss intriguing content with family, friends, and like-minded groups. Learn More Start the conversation. Create a free account and install the Hypothesis browser extension to start annotating. For Education solutions, contact our sales team. Create A Free Account Contact Sales Team Blog Help Contact Us Accessibility Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Security Terms of Service About Team Jobs Partners Press Status Developers Engineering Values Documentation GitHub Roadmap Hiring Process Events Education Journalism Publishing Research Demos I Annotate AAK Search Search for: Subscribe & Follow Subscribe © 2023 Hypothesis, Inc. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service