Jenkins Jenkins Build great things at any scale The leading open source automation server, Jenkins provides hundreds of plugins to support building, deploying and automating any project. We stand with the people of Ukraine. Please assist humanitarian efforts for the Ukrainian people and those affected by the military invasion of Ukraine by supporting international aid organizations, including the Ukrainian Red Cross Documentation Download Jenkins Community Awards - Vote Now The votes for the Jenkins Contributor 2024 Awards are now open. Vote here Accepted for GSoC 2024! We are happy to announce that the Jenkins project has been accepted as a Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2024 Mentoring Organisation. More info Jenkins wins DevOps Dozen award Jenkins has been awarded the "Most innovative DevOps Open Source project" distinction by DevOps Dozen. More info Meet the driving forces behind Jenkins as we showcase the top contributors shaping the future of continuous integration and delivery. More info Jenkins Stories! We are looking for experiences of Jenkins users from around the world showcasing how they are building, deploying, and automating great software with Jenkins. Check out their user stories and share yours More info Participate and Contribute! Jenkins is a community-driven project. We invite everyone to join us and move it forward. Any contribution matters: code, documentation, localization, blog posts, artwork, meetups, and anything else. If you have five minutes or a few hours, you can help! More info Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery As an extensible automation server, Jenkins can be used as a simple CI server or turned into the continuous delivery hub for any project. Easy installation Jenkins is a self-contained Java-based program, ready to run out-of-the-box, with packages for Windows, Linux, macOS and other Unix-like operating systems. Easy configuration Jenkins can be easily set up and configured via its web interface, which includes on-the-fly error checks and built-in help. Plugins With hundreds of plugins in the Update Center, Jenkins integrates with practically every tool in the continuous integration and continuous delivery toolchain. Extensible Jenkins can be extended via its plugin architecture, providing nearly infinite possibilities for what Jenkins can do. Distributed Jenkins can easily distribute work across multiple machines, helping drive builds, tests and deployments across multiple platforms faster. Recent posts Jenkins Contributor Summit and FOSDEM Recap The previous in-person Jenkins Contributor Summit took place in 2020, just prior to the lockdowns and precautions that would change the world. Thankfully, on February 2, 2024, just prior to this year’s FOSDEM conference, we were able to gather again, in Brussels, so that we could have an in-person Jenkins Contributor Summit. The return to in-person meant that not only could we... Kevin Martens February 28, 2024 Google Summer of Code 2024… Here We Come! We are thrilled to announce that Jenkins has been accepted to Google Summer of Code 2024! This will be Jenkins' eighth year as a mentoring organization. Congratulations to all 195 accepted open-source organizations! As a mentoring organization for the past seven years, Jenkins has mentored 35 GSoC students by 85+ different mentors, bringing together over 110 strangers for a common idea - Jenkins! At... Alyssa Tong February 23, 2024 Nominate Someone – 2024 Jenkins Contributor Awards Jenkins Contributor Awards for 2024 are being run by the Continuous Delivery Foundation (CDF) along with many other CDF Community Awards. The nominations are open and are being accepted using GitHub issues to make the process transparent. Any contributor is eligible! The deadline to nominate someone is February 19, 2024. Voting will open on February 22 and close on Friday, March 22. You can vote... Alyssa Tong January 29, 2024 Collaboration is Key - Making the Open-Source Community Safer for Developers Who is Sonar? Sonar is a code quality and security tool that helps developers write Clean Code. Sonar analyzes code for issues that lead to unreliable, unmaintainable, and insecure software at two points in the development lifecycle - first, when the developer initially writes code in the IDE with SonarLint and, again, as part of the Continuous Integration (CI) pipeline before the... Yaniv Nizry January 25, 2024 Jenkins 2023 Recap Contributed by: Wadeck Follonier The Jenkins Security team has multiple missions, with the most visible to users being the publication of advisories. In 2023, the team published 17 advisories: 4 included Jenkins core, and 13 were solely about plugins. In total, 211 vulnerabilities were announced. In terms of reporting trends, we have seen an increase in people reporting CVEs originating from dependencies. Our position on... Damien DUPORTALMark WaiteBruno VerachtenWadeck FollonierKevin MartensAlyssa Tong January 25, 2024 2024 Jenkins Contributor Summit - Update The Jenkins Contributor Summit, being held in Brussels on February 2nd, is now quickly approaching. We are looking forward to meeting you. If you plan to join us and didn’t let us know yet, don’t forget to register by dropping us a note. The list of registered attendees can be found in this document: Contributor Summit 24 - Attendees. The Summit will take place... Jean-Marc Meessen January 17, 2024 Jenkins November 2023 Newsletter Key Takeaways Basil Crow joins the Jenkins Governance Board. A Jenkins Contributor Summit will be held prior to FOSDEM. The Contributor Spotlight site is now live. Contributed by: Mark Waite Basil Crow joins the Jenkins governance board in December 2023. He’ll serve for a two-year term. Thanks to Basil for his willingness to serve. More details of the 2023 governance board and officer changes are available in a... Damien DUPORTALMark WaiteBruno VerachtenKevin MartensAlyssa Tong December 15, 2023 Welcome Basil Crow - new Jenkins Governance Board member We would like to announce changes in the Jenkins Governance Board. There has been no election this year, because there was only one candidate per seat. Please welcome Basil Crow! At the same time, Oleg Nenashev retires from the board. We would like to thank Oleg for his contributions to the Jenkins project and the community. As a regular leader in GSoC, Jenkins Contributor... Alexander Brandes December 8, 2023 Log from Jenkins Jobs to GitHub Pull Requests as Checks You have a GitHub repo and a Jenkins server. The Jenkins server has jobs for running unit tests, computing code coverages, and executing static analyses. Every time someone opens a PR to your repo, you ask them to run those jobs, take screenshots of the results, and paste these screenshots to the PR description as a proof of quality. That’s too much waiting... Mingyang Li December 6, 2023 We thank the following organizations for their major commitments to support the Jenkins project. We thank the following organizations for their support of the Jenkins project through free and/or open source licensing programs. Atlassian Datadog DigitalOcean Discourse Fastly IBM Netlify PagerDuty Sentry Tsinghua University XMission