University of Minnesota Twin Cities Skip to main content Wordmark of the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Twin Cities Utility Menu MyU One Stop Jobs Search Menu Search Menu Close search area Search input text area Search Common Search Terms Housing Libraries Bookstore Tuition Cost Academic Calendar Main navigation Academics & Admissions Student Life Research Health Sciences Gopher Athletics News & Events About Us Task List Data Incident Information MyU One Stop Jobs Main navigation Academics & Admissions Student Life Research Health Sciences Gopher Athletics News & Events About Us University of Minnesota, Twin Cities campus We are driven Play video Close video Close video X Bold minds don't wait. Discover the University of Minnesota Twin Cities. Play Video Visit Apply Request Information Endless Opportunities for Discovery 1,000s Internship and research opportunities 150 Undergraduate Majors 550+ Graduate and professional degrees Endless Opportunities for Discovery With a major for every interest and faculty ready to inspire your thinking, the University of Minnesota Twin Cities is your opportunity to move beyond what you know. And to discover what you don’t. Academics and Admissions Student Life Search input text area Search Undergraduate Graduate Hybrid or Online “I chose the U of M because it had the perfect mix of big-city living and small-town life. I got to move from a small town to a big city and still be within driving distance of home.” Braydon Mallett '21 Biology Meet Our #UMNproud Community At #UMN, we celebrate success—from the everyday to the extraordinary. Here, you’ll discover your people, begin new adventures, explore fascinating ideas, and find your inspiration. Follow us on Instagram to see what it means to be #UMNproud. Powered by Curator.io “I am excited to get to know and get connected with some of the movement work that's happening in the Twin Cities.” Lucy Chin '24 Law Read Lucy's story News News Release Rebecca Cunningham selected as next president of the University of Minnesota The University of Minnesota Board of Regents selected Dr. Rebecca Cunningham as the 18th President of the University of Minnesota System at a special meeting today. Feature From the front lines to the classroom Military veteran Andrew Jaunich is pursuing a longtime goal of earning his master's degree in public policy at the Humphrey School. Feature Leaving pain in the rear-view After 10 years, a patient finds relief from debilitating facial pain in the hands of a skilled neurosurgeon. Read More News UMN Crookston UMN Morris UMN Duluth UMN Twin Cities UMN Rochester System Campuses System Website Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Twin Cities Find Search Libraries Academic Calendar Employment Alumni Resources Twin Cities Campus Contact Us Maps Parking & Transportation Office of Equity & Diversity Safe Campus Fund the minds of tomorrow. Give Connect with us Link to U of M's Facebook page Link to U of M's Instagram page Link to U of M's LinkedIn page Link to U of M's Tiktok account Link to U of M's Twitter page Link to U of M's Youtube page Wordmark of the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Twin Cities © Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Privacy Statement | Report Web Disability-Related Issue Website Feedback