Hawaii DOE | Home Page Turn on more accessible modeTurn off more accessible mode Hawaiʻi State Department of Education Ka ʻOihana Hoʻonaʻauao o ke Aupuni Hawaiʻi It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. School Calendar Find Schools Site Map Staff Login Vision for Success Transforming Schools & Results Advancing Education Driving transformation in our public schools via the Strategic Plan. School Data & Reports School- and state-level reports, information about student privacy. Success Stories From students to volunteers, staff to partners, our schools have winners. Newsletters Sign up to get stories from our public schools delivered to your inbox. Teaching & Learning Curriculum, Instruction & Testing Student Learning Creating lifelong learners through specialized programs. Testing State assessment, End of Course exams, Advanced Placement, more. Specialized Programs Tailored learning opportunities to meet the needs of all students. College & Career Readiness Opportunities to accelerate learning for exceptionally talented students. Health & Nutrition Keeping students healthy, happy and ready to learn. Educator Effectiveness Teachers are evaluated and mentored to boost student success. Education Innovation Alternative schooling systems recognized by the Department. Adult Education Information about the GED and Community Schools for Adults. Beyond the Classroom Student Programs & Services Extracurricular Activities Showcasing the diversity of student life: Athletics, the arts, leadership. After School Programs Ways to keep students engaged when class is out for the day. Transportation Bus rates, eligibility, program information and application. Safe Schools When students feel safe and secure, they can learn. Library Services Resources that enhance students’ ability to learn. Drivers Education We train students to become responsible and safe drivers. Parents & Students Resources & Tools Grade-Level Overview From kindergarten to graduation, follow our educational path. Enrolling in School Everything you need to know about enrolling your child in our schools. Contests & Enrichment Students can enrich their learning, bolster portfolios and win prizes. Support for Students Out-of-classroom resources to help students with learning, projects. Support for Parents Community services, support groups and more. Military Families Specialized resources for families in Hawaii on deployment. Moving to Hawaii E Komo Mai! Resources for families making the move to the Aloha State. Connect with Us About the Department Organization Meet the key leaders, offices at the Department. Vendors Contracting with the Department for facilities, food services. Employment The 25,000-strong Department is always looking for new talent. Partnerships Our student programs are aided by our partners. Get Involved Opportunities for students, staff, parents, business, community. Alumni & Transcripts Stay connected with the Department after graduation. Media Room Latest news, archived press releases and our media kit. Contact Us Key numbers, send feedback, report problems. We want to hear from you. FAQ Frequently Asked Questions of the Department. 2023-29 Strategic Plan Implementation Plan A foundation of expectations & supports to ensure high quality learning for all students. In February 2023, the Board of Education approved the first phase of its 2023-2029 strategic plan. The second phase, the Departmen... READ MORE Reopening Updates West Maui Schools Progress reports for reopening Lahaina schools. Progress reports for reopening three Lahaina schools: Lahainaluna High, Lahaina Intermediate and Princess Nāhiʻenaʻena. Updates wi... READ MORE School Year 2024-25 How to Enroll The process and documentation, including the Student Health Record, needed for enrollment. Students enrolling in our public schools must have documentation proving they are residents of the state and if necessary, documen... READ MORE Job Opportunities We're hiring! Looking for qualified teachers and other professionals for schools, offices. Welcome to the Hawai‘i State Department of Education (HIDOE). Year-round, we hire an array of teachers, educational specialists an... READ MORE School Meals School Food Services School Food Authority proudly serving 100,000+ nutritionally balanced, affordable meals. The Hawai‘i Department of Education's ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​School Food Services Branch is the School Food Authority proudly s... READ MORE Special Education The Department offers support and services to students with disabilities. Learn more School Transportation Transportation services are offered to students enrolled in Hawaii's public schools. Learn more ESSER Plan Federal funds supporting schools to safely reopen and mitigate learning loss. Learn more Featured Article Maui school updates See the latest information on reopening plans for Lahaina schools including safety guidance, bus info and more. View resources for students, families and staff affected by the wildfires in Maui: bit.ly/HIDOE-West-Maui-Resources. READ MORE News & Articles Popular Articles It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. See All News & Articles It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. See All Popular Articles Connect with Us Facebook Vimeo Twitter Tweets Tweets by @HIDOE808 Upcoming Events Full District Calendar Mar 15 - End of third quarter - End of third quarter Mar 18 - Spring Break - Spring Break Mar 19 - Spring Break - Spring Break Hawaiʻi State Department of Education Offices Superintendent | Curriculum and Instructional Design | Facilities and Operations | Fiscal Services | Information Technology Services Strategy, Innovation and Performance | Student Support Services | Talent Management Stay informed on the latest news, stories and events from Hawai‘i Public Schools Subscribe © Hawaiʻi State Department of Education 1390 Miller St. Honolulu, HI 96813 Nondiscrimination Policy | Accessibility | Terms of Use USDA Nondiscrimination Statement Connect with us: Phone:808-784-6200 Email:doeinfo@k12.hi.us HIDOE Directory Facebook Pinterest Twitter Vimeo Instagram LinkedIn