Amselfon Amselfon Amselfon Swing and Tangochansons with the smallest salon orchestra in the world entries (RSS) Kommets (RSS) on the left Barbara Ehwald Singing lessons web design Search Amselfon The unique swing popperette from Berlin Amelfon-this is new and old Berlin song, operetta punk, Schnoddschnauze andSwing with cream.Even with its own pieces, Amselfon is inspired by the swing of the 30s, but make their modern rhyme on it.The musicians Michl Schacht (guitar, voice), Peter Rodekuhr (piano, voice), Natalie Plöger, double bass, voice, Wolfgang Mulke (texts) and Barbara Ehwald (vocals, texts, arrangements) found themselves in the juggernach and with body andSoul facing the happy chanson who has rhythm.“Barbara Schnehwald examines his own German texts and swing -inspired music with her sometimes scratchy, sometimes kitten voice.Old Berlin Gassenhauer by Otto Reutter and Claire Waldoff are also in the repertoire.Swing pieces by Charles Trenet or Cole Porter, the Andrew Sisters or Irving Berlin are born the new German texts and are in no way inferior to their French and English originals in word games and wit.Good old Berlin dialect is part of the concept.“The extremely entertaining performance with a surprisingly exciting four-part ensemble singing from Amselfon creates both a modern Berlin mood potpourri and a smoky smoke of swingin’ 30/40ies.You are surprised how you can enjoy the operetta, soon laughs at the refreshingly happy texts and have to dance wildly the next moment. ”(Haller Tagblatt) Pressing votes” [...] With orphic love in the throat, Barbara Ehwald sings the operaIn ruins and sweet ash. "(Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung) ”[...] Great, as Barbara Ehwald as Barbara Schnehwald describes the controversy of the opponents in ariose songs.At a moment she troubles the most difficult colorature of Puccini and Gretry to land in the most biting theater song the next moment. ”(Wernigeröder Volksstimme) “[...] Funny for screaming, enthusiastic, true comedians, singing with flying colors! ... Simply delicious!"(Mitteldeutsche Zeitung) In Tirana on TV: http://top-channel.tv/lajme/artikull.php?id=340316 13.7.7 p.m. Barbaras Salon on the subject of counterfeits Café Bilderbuch, Akazienstrasse 28, Berlin Schöneberg 25.5.16 Barbara s Salon on the topic of Amsel Café Bilderbuch, Akazienstrasse 28, Berlin Schöneberg 22.11.3 p.m. in the Fehrbelliner Str/corner Weinbergsweg 27.11.15 7 p.m. -Beim Bundespresseball in the Hotel Adlon Berlin References Hotel de Rome, Berlin Bundespresseball GmbH Deutschlandfunk Germany Radio Hessischer Rundfunk Akademie der Künste Berlin urban development award ceremony of the Chamber of Architectural Departments Schwäbisch Hall Kunsthalle Wirth Schwäbisch Stadtkunstfest Schwäbisch Hall ” - Small television game - small television game, ZDF Irish embassy Berlin 100th anniversary of the European Women's Election in the Bundestag Berlin, Ballhaus Ost (Berlin) Neuköllner Opera (Berlin) Swingdiele Berlin, Stella Bar Berlin, Bar Muschi Obermeier, Weinerei Berlin, Kunstgut Schmiedenfelde Berlin, Barbaras Salon, Bruchhaus Buckow (MärkischeSwitzerland), Rathaus Altlandsberg, Standes offices Berlin Mitte, Berlin Charlottenburg and Berlin Köpenick © 2024 Amselfon WordPress Theme Designed by DT website templates