Dynatrace | Modern cloud done right No HTML5 Unified observability and security Simplify cloud complexity and innovate faster and more securely with the only analytics and automation platform powered by causal AI. Free trial Request a demo Perform 2024 | Experience boundary-breaking mainstage sessions, announcements, and breakout sessions. Watch On-demand Trusted by thousands of top global brands See customer stories Monitor and secure your full stack on one AI-powered data platform Solve your biggest digital challenges with complete visibility and precise answers that drive automation. Infrastructure Observability End-to-end infrastructure observability for modern multi-cloud environments. Learn more Application Observability APM, distributed tracing, and profiling for cloud-native and enterprise stacks. Learn more Security Protection Discover, prioritize, and shield from known and unknown vulnerabilities in real-time. Learn more Security Analytics Advanced threat protection, automated response, and forensics for unmatched protection. Learn more Digital Experience Deliver flawless digital experiences with real-user and synthetic monitoring and session replays. Learn more Business Analytics Make better business decisions in real-time with customizable analytics. Learn more Automations Drive intelligent cloud ecosystem automations with observability and security insights. Learn more Custom Solutions Solve any use-case with enterprise-grade extensibility and customizations. Learn more Explore the platform A Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ and ranked #1 in the Critical Capabilities for APM and Observability reports See why we’re positioned furthest for Vision and highest for Execution in the Magic Quadrant, and ranked #1 in all Use Cases in the Critical Capabilities Report for Application Performance Monitoring and Observability. See Magic Quadrant See Critical Capabilities Empower every team to do more with data Break down silos and proactively prevent issues before they affect end users. Business Deliver experiences customers love And increase conversions up to 32% Development Innovate faster with higher quality And deliver better software up to 4x faster Security Keep services reliable and resilient And reduce time spent on vulnerabilities up to 95% Operations Operate efficiently and securely And reduce support tickets up to 99% 650+ supported technologies We’re open and extensible, and integrate with all major cloud platforms and solutions. Supported clouds Supported technologies The industry leader in unified observability and security A leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ A Leader and positioned furthest for Vision and highest in Execution in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant™ Download report 2023 ISG Provider Lens™ Read this year’s research to learn why ISG recognized Dynatrace with Leader status in cloud-native observability and security, and why the Dynatrace Davis AI engine sets us apart. Read report The Forrester Wave™️: Artificial Intelligence for IT Operations (AIOps) report See why we earned top scores in the Current Offering and Strategy categories. Read report Try it free See our unified observability and security platform in action. Try it free Request demo not set not set