Waymo - Self-Driving Cars - Autonomous Vehicles - Ride-Hail header Skip to main content Home Rides Waymo One The world's first autonomous ride-hailing service Our service Phoenix San Francisco Los Angeles Austin Technology Waymo Driver The World's Most Experienced DriverTM About Company Our History Waymo Leadership Latest Updates Press Resources Safety Safety Because Safety is Urgent™ Community Community Investing in communities we call home Careers Careers Benefits Values People Open Roles animated-banner Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play hero The World’s Most Experienced Driver™Making it safe and easy for people and things to get around — without the need for anyone in the driver’s seat. Take a fully autonomous ride Hardware illustration. Car manually driven. waymo-one Meet Waymo One™The world’s first autonomous ride-hailing service Be one of the first Learn more about Waymo One today and be one of the first to ride Available 24/7 Day or night, we'll get you where you need to go. Operating in multiple cities Ride in San Francisco or Phoenix. Los Angeles and Austin coming soon. An experience second to none Convenient. Consistent. Safe. A sustainable way to move Fully electric, powered by 100% renewable energy.Live in LA County or Austin? Join our waitlist so we can reach out when it’s your time to ride. Join the waitlist testimonials Why they ride with Waymo The fact that Waymo provides convenience, prioritizes safety, and is committed to sustainability makes it by far my favorite mode of transportation. Learn why Eva chooses Waymo One Eva, San Francisco I like being able to relax, not worry about having a stressful commute, and not having to question the driver's decision-making abilities. Check out why Sophia prefers riding with Waymo Sophia, Phoenix It worked so well that instead of making one trip to prove a point, I decided to replace some of my weekly driving trips with Waymo. Learn why David chooses Waymo One David, Phoenix My rides with Waymo are consistently safe. It is almost as if I hail the exact same vehicle each time. Hear more about Maya's rides Maya, San Francisco It gives me, a person who’s blind, the opportunity to travel with the same spontaneity, the same independence, and the same autonomy as everyone else. Hear how Ron moves with Waymo Ron, Phoenix banner Sign up for updates to get the latest on Waymo, our technology, and where we’re headed next. Sign up driver Waymo Driver Meet the technology behind it all We're designing the Waymo Driver, our autonomous technology, to give people a new kind of freedom — to go where they want, when they want, while making the frustrations and concerns with driving a thing of the past. Explore the Waymo Driver stats Why we’re here 1.35 million deaths worldwide due to vehicle crashes every year 36,096 road deaths in the U.S. in 2019 94% crashes involve human error in the US safety Our commitment to safety Autonomous vehicles mean nothing without safe driving. Our priority is to ensure the Waymo Driver offers a safe road experience for those inside — and outside — our vehicles. View our Safety Report and White Papers Over 20 billion real-world and simulated miles driven Since our very first mile, we've set out to create the best Driver possible. We continue to implement learnings from over 20 billion challenging, educational, and groundbreaking miles driven to date to pave the way for our industry and the world. mission Our mission is big and our work can transform lives Waymo’s mission is to make it safe and easy for people and things to get where they’re going. The Waymo Driver can improve the world's access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. We are the driving force for the future of autonomous vehicles. About our company Careers at Waymo footer Home FAQ Blog Privacy Policy Research Terms Legal Zero Tolerance First Responders Safety Publications Let's Talk Autonomous Driving Contact Us Notice to CA Residents Sign up for updates to get the latest on Waymo and our technology. Sign up English Español 中文（简体中文） 中文（繁體中文） Filipino Waymo on Twitter Waymo on LinkedIn Waymo on Instagram Waymo on Facebook Waymo on YouTube Do Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationWaymo may disclose user personal information to third parties to tailor advertising and offers to your interests. Such disclosures may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of personal information under the laws described above. California residents may opt-out of these below. If you opt out, Waymo will not disclose your personal information to third parties for purposes of tailoring advertising or offers to your interests. Note that any choice you make here will only affect this website on this browser and device. To learn more about how your data is shared, view our Privacy Policy page. © 2019-2024 Waymo LLC