Smart Scales, Watches and Health Monitoring Devices | Withings Continue without accepting Before you continueWe use cookies to offer useful features and measure performance to improve your experience. Your preferences can be edited at any time. By clicking “Accept all & close” you agree to the use of all cookies. By clicking “Accept selected”, you agree only to the categories selected below. Find more information in our cookie policy. Essential cookies They enable you to move around the website properly. They do not store any personally identifiable information and enable features such as accessing secure areas of the website or remembering what is in your shopping cart. They are mandatory for withings.com to operate. Analytical cookies They allow us to collect information about how visitors use our website. For instance, we may see the total number of visits, or which pages visitors go to most often. We use this information to make sure our users find the information they are looking for, help monitor website performance indicators and solve potential bugs. Social media cookies These cookies are used by social networking services to track the use of their embedded features. For example, these cookies allow you to share pages from this site with social networks or stream YouTube videos on withings.com. Marketing cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They identify your unique browser and Internet device and may be used to provide anonymized demographic data, build a profile of your interests and display ads relevant to these interests. View details Accept selected Accept all & close Store Watches Scales BP Monitors Sleep Thermo Wristbands Support Store My account Store Watches Scales BP Monitors Sleep Thermo Wristbands My account Support Jobs we are hiring ScanWatch 2The watch that changes lives1 Discover Withings Our watches and scales are designed to improve your life Discover all products Withings Our watches and scales are designed to improve your life Discover all products Withings elevates daily health tracking by integrating powerful health scans into our connected watches and scales. Detect a cardiovascular anomaly and perform a comprehensive body checkup with ease, fostering a healthier lifestyle. Powerful. Beautiful.Experience powerful health scans that help transform your life every day. Scales Body ScanThe ultimate checkup, including an electrocardiogramDetect a cardiac anomaly2Increase muscle mass fasterAchieve fitness goals faster Buy now Discover all scales Electrocardiogram Heart rate Temperature variations Oxygen saturation Activity monitoring Sleep analysis Menstrual cycle monitoring WatchesScanWatch 2The watch that changes lives1Perform a medical-grade electrocardiogram3Track baseline body temperature variationsAssess part of your respiratory systemPhenomenal 30-day battery life Buy now Discover all watches Discover ScanWatch Nova Learn more Free shipping & returns All orders placed before 12:00 pm (excluding weekends and public holidays) will be sent out the same day. We’re accepting 30-day returns — no questions asked. See the conditions Flexible payment options Choose to pay later or in several interest-free installments at checkout when you make an eligible purchase. A legion of happy customers With thousands upon thousands of reviews and an overall 4-star rating, we’re proud to be supporting so many people on their health journey. Award-winning customer service Our stellar customer service members are available on multiple platforms to help you. Blood pressure monitorsBPM CoreThe at-home cardiovascular check-upDetect and monitor high blood pressurePerform a medical-grade electrocardiogramListen to your heart with the digital stethoscope Buy now Discover all BP monitors SleepSleep AnalyzerA deep reading of your sleepClinical sleep analysisDetection of sleep apneaCardiovascular health monitoring Buy now Discover Sleep Analyzer Transformed lives2 millionsigns of atrial fibrillation detected with Withings products since 20204Why is this crucial?Atrial fibrillation can lead to serious problems such as stroke and heart failure. 1 in 6 strokes are thought to be caused by this condition.Source: Montreal Heart Institute 850,000cases of high blood pressure were identified with the help of a Withings blood pressure monitor5 Why is this crucial? Taking your blood pressure regularly at home allows you to control it more effectively and helps healthcare professionals to determine whether the treatments being used are effective.Source: European Society of Hypertension 5 millionepisodes of sleep apnea detected with Withings Sleep Analyzer6 Why is this crucial? 5% to 7% of the world's population is affected by sleep apnea, a pathology often associated with metabolic syndrome or diabetes (16% of type 2 diabetics suffer from apnea).Source: INSERM What do you want to improve?Our range of cutting-edge healthcare products is designed to help you improve vital health parameters.SleepMore restful sleep Sleep Analyzer ScanWatch WeightReach your weight targets more quickly Scales HeartListen to your heart BP monitors ScanWatch Health benefits for all.More than 6 million users. My Withings devices accompanied me during my convalescence and allowed me to share my measurements with my doctor. "MelissaBPM Connect, ScanWatch and Scale user ScanWatch AFib alerts on my ScanWatch helped me seek help sooner than later. "TomScanWatch user ScanWatch Being overweight and suffering from sleep apnea, my Withings scale has become my ally in achieving better health. "FrankBody Scan and ScanWatch user Body Scan It’s so easy to get data with the blood pressure monitor that we can then be more informed about our health and that’s really important. "DavidBPM Connect user BPM Connect I was overweight in 2010. Now as a pro-athlete, the scale provides me with detailed trends of my body composition so I can adjust my plans. "YoannBody Scan and ScanWatch user Body Scan Which Withings device is right for you? Discover our products ScalesScales that perform powerful body check-ups. WatchesClinically powerful watches that revolutionize health monitoring. ThermometerThe ultimate ultra-precise smart thermometer. Sleep AnalyzerThe world's first sleep tracker to detect sleep apnea. BP monitorsClinically validated blood pressure monitors to track your cardiovascular health. Discover all products Developed in collaboration with top hospitals and universities See more Withings Health SolutionsPart of the healthcare industry? Discover Withings Health Solutions Subscribe Get on the listDon’t miss the latest product news & exclusive deals. Register Enter a valid e-mail addressAt Withings we have a healthy respect for privacy.Read our privacy policyYou’re in!We’re glad to have you. Choose your language or country Français English Deutsch Español eu · EUR WatchesScanWatch Nova New ScanWatch 2 New ScanWatch Light New ScanWatch ScanWatch Horizon Steel HRAccessoriesScales Body Scan New Body Comp New Body Smart New Body CardioBody+BodyOther Devices BPM Core BPM Connect Sleep Analyzer Thermo U-Scan Soon BeamO Soon ShopStore General Sales ConditionsDelivery Info Where to buySupportAccount LoginOrder StatusCustomer SupportProduct GuidesProfessionalsWithings Health SolutionsRemote Patient MonitoringResearchPartnersImpetoAPI Affiliate Program Your HealthWithings AppWithings+Health InsightsReach Your weight GoalA day With withingsBlogOur companyAbout UsCareersPress Payment method Français English Deutsch Español eu · EUR Legal noticePrivacyData SecurityConditionsCookies policySet Cookies© 2024 Withings All rights reserved. 1ScanWatch 2 features a clinically evaluated atrial fibrillation (AFib) detection algorithm ¹. A study has shown that biweekly use of this algorithm is at least three times more likely to identify AFib than standard diagnostic methods, in at-risk individuals over 65 years of age. ² 2Via Withings ECG Monitor available on Body Scan 3Via Withings Scan Monitor 2.04According to an internal study since 2020, ECG acquisitions made with Withings products capable of recording an electrocardiogram have made it possible to detect 2,666,193 signs of atrial fibrillation in our users. 5Data analyzed on a total of 1.5 M users using the BPM Core or BPM Connect blood pressure monitor since 2014. 6According to an internal study carried out on the Sleep Analyzer, 5,407,787 episodes of severe sleep apnea have been detected since 2022. More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Promotional Offers of Withings+ service bundled with a Body Scan health stationFor the launch of the Body Scan health station, we offer two introductory subscription (1)(2) plans to the Withings+ service:Monthly subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 9.95€/month (3)Annual subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 99,5€/year (corresponding to 8,29€/month) (4)The 3-month trial period starts on the product’s installation using the Withings mobile application.(1) These introductory offers are not mandatory to use the Body Scan health station. By selecting one of these offers, you agree to conclude a subscription contract with Withings for the Withings+ service with the terms and condition described below. The contract will start upon Body Scan health station installation using the Withings mobile application.(2) Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions. Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.(3) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the monthly auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 9.95€ (or $9.95 or £9.95) per month. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.(4) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the annual auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 99.5€ (or $99.5 or £99.5) per year. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Promotional Offers of Withings+ service bundled with a Body SegmentFor the launch of the Body Segment, we offer two introductory subscription (1)(2) plans to the Withings+ service:Monthly subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 9.95€/month (3)Annual subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 99,5€/year (corresponding to 8,29€/month) (4)The 3-month trial period starts on the product’s installation using the Withings mobile application.(1) These introductory offers are not mandatory to use the Body Segment. By selecting one of these offers, you agree to conclude a subscription contract with Withings for the Withings+ service with the terms and condition described below. The contract will start upon Body Segment installation using the Withings mobile application.(2) Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions. Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.(3) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the monthly auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 9.95€ (or $9.95 or £9.95) per month. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.(4) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the annual auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 99.5€ (or $99.5 or £99.5) per year. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Promotional Offers of Withings+ service bundled with a Scanwatch NovaFor the launch of Scanwatch Nova, we offer two introductory subscription (1)(2) plans to the Withings+ service:Monthly subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 9.95€/month (3)Annual subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 99,5€/year (corresponding to 8,29€/month) (4)The 3-month trial period starts on the product’s installation using the Withings mobile application.(1) These introductory offers are not mandatory to use the Scanwatch Nova. By selecting one of these offers, you agree to conclude a subscription contract with Withings for the Withings+ service with the terms and condition described below. The contract will start upon Scanwatch Nova installation using the Withings mobile application.(2) Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions. Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.(3) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the monthly auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 9.95€ (or $9.95 or £9.95) per month. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.(4) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the annual auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 99.5€ (or $99.5 or £99.5) per year. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Promotional Offers of Withings+ service bundled with a Scanwatch 2For the launch of Scanwatch 2, we offer two introductory subscription (1)(2) plans to the Withings+ service:Monthly subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 9.95€/month (3)Annual subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 99,5€/year (corresponding to 8,29€/month) (4)The 3-month trial period starts on the product’s installation using the Withings mobile application.(1) These introductory offers are not mandatory to use the Scanwatch 2. By selecting one of these offers, you agree to conclude a subscription contract with Withings for the Withings+ service with the terms and condition described below. The contract will start upon Scanwatch 2 installation using the Withings mobile application.(2) Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions. Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.(3) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the monthly auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 9.95€ (or $9.95 or £9.95) per month. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.(4) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the annual auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 99.5€ (or $99.5 or £99.5) per year. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.More infos about the Withings+ subscriptionThe service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks.Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscriptionGeneral sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions.Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned.Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month.Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details.Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method.Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge:By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally.Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service.Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to:archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy.Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions.We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.