Patheos | Hosting The Conversation On Faith Special Offers BuddhistCatholicContemplativeEvangelicalGeneral ChristianHinduJewishLatter-day SaintMuslimNew VisionsProgressive Christian Beliefs Buddhist Catholic Contemplative Evangelical General Christian Hindu Jewish Latter-day Saint More Voices Muslim New Visions Pagan Progressive Christian Topics Religion News Food and Religion Sports and Religion Religious Art Religious Music and Entertainment Religious Events History and Religion Style and Religion Politics and Religion Women in Religion Recreation Outdoors and Religion Business Finance and Religion Careers Workplace and Religion Education and Religion Family Parenting and Religion Health Fitness and Religion Home and Religion Relationships and Religion Technology and Religion Travel and Religion Columnists Buddhist Columnists Business Finance and Religion Columnists Careers Workplace and Religion Columnists Catholic Columnists Contemplative Columnists Education and Religion Columnists Evangelists Columnists Family Parenting and Religion Columnists General Christian Columnists Health Fitness and Religion Columnists Hindu Columnists History and Religion Columnists Home and Religion Columnists Jewish Columnists More Voices Columnists Latter Day Columnists Muslim Columnists New Visions Columnists Nonreligious Columnists Pagan Columnists Politics and Religion Columnists Progressive Columnists Recreation Outdoors and Religion Columnists Relationships and Religion Columnists Religion News Columnists Religious Art Columnists Religious Events Columnists Religious Music and Entertainment Columnists Sports and Religion Columnists Style and Religion Columnists Technology and Religion Columnists Travel and Religion Columnists Women in Religion Columnists Resource Library Library of World Religions The 100 Most Holy Places on Earth Patheos Answers Podcasts Videos Faith Leaders Database Anglican Episcopalian Bahai Baptist Buddhism Christianity Confucianism Eastern Orthodoxy Hinduism Holiness and Pentecostal ISKCON Islam Judaism Lutheran Methodist The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints New Age Paganism Presbytarian and Reformed Protestantism Religion Behind the Scenes Roman Catholic Scientology Shia Islam Sikhism Sufism Sunni Islam Taoism Zen See all religions Research Tools Comparison Lens Preacher Resources Teacher Resources Video Podcasts Thought Readers E-Books and Other Special Offers God's Cheat Sheet to Finances Books of the Bible Study series History of the Bible 7 Day Prayer Challenge for Spouses A Different Kind of Christian Jesus is Love Prayer Devotional The Saints We Love FaithChatter Conversation Cards Newsletters Special Offers Ad-Free & Subscriber Log-In Subscription Support Ad-Free & Subscriber Log-In Subscription Support Follow Patheos Trending: Lent | Soul | Resurrection | Joy | Feminism | Gratitude THE WORLD'S HOMEPAGE FOR ALL RELIGION Featured Today General Christian Celebrating Biblical Judge Deborah For Women's History Month Long before Judge Judy became famous on TV, a woman served as a judge for Israel. Deborah is one of the most influential women in the Bible. Read More Evangelical The Smallest Church in America We were driving down US Highway 17 near Darien, Georgia when a sign caught our eyes: “The Smallest Church in America.” Well, who could resist? Read More Patheos Answers Does Judaism Have Different Denominations? Judaism has multiple denominations, representative of the different ideas about what constitutes the “best” or “right” way to live out one’s Jewish faith. Read More Across Faiths Religious Music and Entertainment Review: Sandler’s “Spaceman” Explores Sci-Fi Salvation Adam Sandler's latest dramatic feature, "Spaceman," premiering on Netflix March 1, is a thought-provoking exploration of human emotion set against the backdrop of space. Directed by Johan Renck and based on Jaroslav Kalfař's novel "Spaceman of Bohemia," the film follows the... Read More Education and Religion The Fascinating Life of Rudolf Steiner Mystic, Educationalist, Architect, Biodynamic Agriculture Pioneer Rudolf Steiner’s mystical and intellectual world spanned a vast array of disciplines, reflecting a holistic understanding of the human condition on earth and the human soul in the cosmos. Born in 1861, this... Read More Health, Fitness and Religion What Could We Do With One Extra Day? What Could We Do With One Extra Day? Many of us live our lives in a race against time. Our days are full of responsibilities and deadlines. We do what we can with the time we have. What could we do with just one extra day? Some of us simply react our way toward goals.... Read More Patheos questions & Answers Videos What Is Yom Kippur? Do Catholics Worship the Virgin Mary? What Are the Major Sins According to Islam? What Is Zoroastrianism? Why Don't Muslims Eat Pork? Why Did the Jewish Leadership Want Jesus Crucified? See All Answers Videos Podcasts Do Christians Need to go to Church? What Do Buddhists Believe? Do Religions Still Have Arranged Marriages and Polygamy? Can Non-Muslims Go to a Mosque? How Are Hinduism and Buddhism Similar? Why Do Christians Think Jesus Needed to Be Crucified? See All Answers Podcasts Answers What Does The Bible Say About Drinking Alcohol? What Does The Bible Say About Sex? What Does The Bible Say About Marriage? What Does The Bible Say About Love? What Does The Bible Say About Divorce? What Does The Bible Say About Judging Others? See All Answers Series Explore Faiths Buddhist On hearing "There is no God, and Mary is His Mother." A ZEN KOAN WHERE A CAT MEETS A BAD END Thích Quảng Duc: The Burning Monk Frozen Zygotes and the Middle Way of Compassion The Third Age Dawns in China: The Huangji Jieguo Baojuan The Ivory Tower Of Theosophy Explore more Buddhist Catholic Why Does an All-Loving God Tolerate So Much Suffering? The Cleansing of the Leper (Mark 1.40-45) 'Green Mile' Actor on 'Cabrini': 'She Was an Amazing Woman' Celebrating the Patroness of Immigrants on Women’s Day In Defense of Ishtar Pastors Who Harm LGBTQ People & Support Trump, Please Retire Explore more Catholic Contemplative Lent, Lincoln and Roses. How are they related? Paul and Eastern Orthodox Tradition: New & Old Perspectives The Fascinating Life of Rudolf Steiner Texts for Desperation How can we find self-love in mainstream media? Whose Perspective Are You Taking Anyway? Explore more Contemplative Evangelical Seats at the Table: Lessons from a Medieval Queen's Policies ALAN NOBLE enters into our mental or emotional suffering Celebrating Biblical Judge Deborah For Women's History Month 3 Ways To Become Sane The Smallest Church in America God’s Purposes Prevail in Both Good News and Bad News Explore more Evangelical General Christian Responding To Abuse Coming From The Institutional Church Emergency Brakes at Highway Speeds (& Other Cries for Help) It's All About Me: The Legacy of Billy Graham Maundy Thursday 2024 Seasons: Handling Change in Your World (Spring) It's a G thang. Faith and fashion in Christian Hip Hop Explore more General Christian Hindu Thou Should Not Grieve: Mourning And The Bhagavad Gita Everything Near And Dear The S.S. Chusan Boatila-Manji Cholera Kandi Subdivision Explore more Hindu Jewish The Border Crisis, Dereḵ And The Way to Heaven I Love when Someone Lifts Others Up with a Generous Gift! Politics, Tᵊp̄illâ, and God’s Will Dating The Exodus No Milk & Honey without You To The Moon, Mahsor, And CPAC Explore more Jewish Latter-day Saint "The Easter Connection" My Epiphany About Grace "The Power of Boundless Compassion" Podcasts: 2 Nephi 26-30 | Mar 11-17 | Book of Mormon Matters with John W. Welch and Lynne Hilton Wilson "Christ's Resurrection (UCLA)" "Kingly Names, Kingly Ambitions" Explore more Latter-day Saint More Voices True Spirituality: What It Is And Is Not Spiritual Naturalism and Sikhism No Self? No Soul? No Worries. From Certainty to Wisdom: Its A Life Journey What Does Catholicism Say About The Alabama Embryo Ruling? Are We Separate from God and from Each Other? Explore more More Voices Muslim How To Keep Your Stuff Organized and Safe During a Move The Emeralds Of Somnath The Bengal Bazaar An Indian School On The Field Of Plassey Belgaon Explore more Muslim New Visions Exploring Faith and Doubt: A Seeker’s Journey Pirouettes Christian Science & Rebirthing Breathwork a Divine Meeting 12 Bits of Timeless Advice from a 72-Year-Old Sage God Treats Me Like a Christian Why Our Beauty Rituals Today Have Ancient Roots Explore more New Visions Pagan Pergamum Unfurled: Cunning Words (Review) Are we afraid of our gods? A Story of Doggerland Learning to Recognize Your Magical Successes Review of Liber Khthonia by Jeff Cullen Writing Between the Worlds: Once Upon a Crone Explore more Pagan Progressive Christian Texas Senate Bill 4 and a Very Bad Alumni Chapel service Sometimes the most urgent topics aren't the trending topics After Hamas, Then What? The Clergy Shortage and Congregational Survival Breaking Jesus' Roof A Holy God And The Sanctity of Embryos Explore more Progressive Christian EXPLORE TOPICS Business, Finance and Religion Addressing Proximity Bias is Key to Remote and Hybrid Work I Love when Someone Lifts Others Up with a Generous Gift! Unveiling Hybrid Work's Rhythm: HR Insights Evidence of the Spirit: Part 1--Kindness and Generosity Mandela on the Glory of Rising When We Fall Mentoring: Vital for Hybrid Teams & Underrepresented... Explore more Business, Finance and Religion Careers, Workplace and Religion ALAN NOBLE enters into our mental or emotional suffering Emergency Brakes at Highway Speeds (& Other Cries for... What Does Employee Engagement Trends Tell Us? An Open Letter to Pastors: Child Sacrifice on Church... 7 Warning Signs You're Not Aligned with God BIG TECH Explore more Careers, Workplace and Religion Education and Religion Lent, Lincoln and Roses. How are they related? After Hamas, Then What? My Epiphany About Grace What Scripture Predicted Jesus' Resurrection the Third... The Fascinating Life of Rudolf Steiner The Four Fathers Explore more Education and Religion Family, Parenting and Religion What Wives Need Most From Their Husbands (Part 2) Why Do You Keep Sabotaging Your Relationships? 5 Stimulating Things Single Parents Can Do With Their Kids How to Help Your Child Grow Spiritually Through Play How God Healed My Brain Through Reading Reenchanting Patient Care in a Disenchanted Age Explore more Family, Parenting and Religion Food and Religion Indulging In Toby Keith's Favorite Meal Why Are There So Many Names for the Eucharist? Brenda's BBQ Pitt: A beacon for the Montgomery Boycotts Brenda's BBQ Pitt: A beacon for the Montgomery Boycotts The Keys to Solving World Hunger Just a Symbol? How the Eucharist Brings Us To Jesus Explore more Food and Religion Health, Fitness and Religion What Could We Do With One Extra Day? Stop blaming rape victims! Healing and Shadows Thoughts on Aging This Is What Euthanasia Does to Hope Why Our Beauty Rituals Today Have Ancient Roots Explore more Health, Fitness and Religion History and Religion Seats at the Table: Lessons from a Medieval Queen's... "The Easter Connection" Celebrating Biblical Judge Deborah For Women's History... On hearing "There is no God, and Mary is His Mother." Responding To Abuse Coming From The Institutional Church Gutenberg & Columbus Expand the World in the 15th Century Explore more History and Religion Home and Religion How To Keep Your Stuff Organized and Safe During a Move It Was All A Dream All I Hear is, “Thou Shalt Not!” God's Abilities are Exceedingly Abundantly Greater Than... From Certainty to Wisdom: Its A Life Journey The Power of Hope Explore more Home and Religion Podcasts How Is Anger the Same as Murder? Podcasts: Honoring Lizz Enns Petters' Journey/Deconstruction &... Podcasts: Honoring Jonathan Foster's Journey: Indigo: The Color of... Podcasts: S2 Episode 11: Christian Mission & Bad Indian | Part 1 Podcasts: RJ the Astronaut Podcasts: #175: We Have an Important Announcement (No, for Real this... Explore more podcasts Politics and Religion Sometimes the most urgent topics aren't the trending... Celebrating the Patroness of Immigrants on Women’s Day Exploring Faith and Doubt: A Seeker’s Journey Pastors Who Harm LGBTQ People & Support Trump, Please... Monday Miscellany, 3/4/4 It's All About Me: The Legacy of Billy Graham Explore more Politics and Religion Recreation, Outdoors and Religion On Hospitality The Spiritual Practice of You: Chronic Conditions New Year... Plans? Bunyan: Our Sin + The Saviour = The Sweetest Frame A Profound Relationship Explore more Recreation, Outdoors and Religion Relationships and Religion The Smallest Church in America Distracted During Mass? 3 Tips for a Cure The Border Crisis, Dereḵ And The Way to Heaven Instruments of Grace Am I going to hell because I'm bisexual? Serial The Anointed: 17. An Emotional Visit To John's... Explore more Relationships and Religion Religion News Why Does an All-Loving God Tolerate So Much Suffering? 3 Ways To Become Sane “I have the power to manipulate, monitor, and destroy... Can Christians Learn Anything from Watching 'Dune'? Faith leaders have been protecting migrant rights for... “What Is Christian Nationalism, Exactly?” Explore more Religion News Religious Art In Defense of Ishtar It's a G thang. Faith and fashion in Christian Hip Hop Thou Should Not Grieve: Mourning And The Bhagavad Gita The Bird on Fire [A Poem] Month of March, St. Joseph Novena Preparation Explore more Religious Art Religious Events The Individual And The Cross Archbishop Timothy P. Broglio to be Recognized Joy of Gratitude in Our Souls National Catholic Prayer Breakfast Begins with Invocation Archbishop Broglio Celebrates Ash Wednesday at Walter Reed Lent reminds us of our vulnerability to sin Explore more Religious Events Religious Music and Entertainment 'Green Mile' Actor on 'Cabrini': 'She Was an Amazing... Review: 'Anatomy of a Fall' Investigates a Troubled... 'British Baking's' Noel Fielding Steals Into 'Dick Turpin' Review: Sandler’s “Spaceman” Explores Sci-Fi Salvation 'Dune: Part Two' Asks Explosive Questions About Religion How can we find self-love in mainstream media? Explore more Religious Music and Entertainment Sports and Religion Women of the Super Bowl: Taylor Swift vs. Marabel Morgan RESPONSE: He Gets Us Super Bowl Commercial Brock Purdy’s Faith and Family Are a Great Super Bowl... Bigger Than Football But Do We "Get Him?": Some Thoughts on #HeGetsUs LEAKED: The Original HE GETS US Video Now Revealed! Explore more Sports and Religion Style and Religion Chaos Veiling (or, Making Du) The Devil and Andy Sachs Practicing Urban Contemplation When the Secret is Removed from "Society." Faith Requires Us to be Believers ~ Not Achievers The Gospel of Peace--Holy Boots Explore more Style and Religion Technology and Religion Catholic Woman’s Considerable Contribution To Chemistry Hopes and Hazards of Artificial Intelligence Religion and Science Weekend 2024 "Psychic functioning has been well established" The Master Don't take it all for granted. Explore more Technology and Religion Travel and Religion "The Power of Boundless Compassion" "Christ's Resurrection (UCLA)" Christian Science & Rebirthing Breathwork a Divine Meeting Christian California Ohio's Amish Country With aroha for all Explore more Travel and Religion Women in Religion How to carry your cross Whose Perspective Are You Taking Anyway? Devil Worship And France Writer's Block Seems Very Real But Maybe It's Something... Who Could Be Against Me? Part Two The Progression of Evil Explore more Women in Religion About Patheos Patheos is the leading web platform hosting dialogue on all of the world's religions. Our articles and Library have a visually stunning compendium of information about all the religions of the world compiled by some of the world's top religious leaders and scholars. Patheos exists to provide information, stories, and conversation that leads to understanding, empathy, and acceptance of all faiths. Head on over to each of the religious categories to read about the current events, philosophy, history, and more from leading authorities on every religion subject. Patheos Explore the world's faith through different perspectives on religion and spirituality! Patheos has the views of the prevalent religions and spiritualities of the world. Ad-Free & Subscriber Log-In Subscription Support About UsVideosPodcastsLibrary of World ReligionsAdvertise With UsWrite for UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceDo Not Sell My DataContact UsRadiant DigitalManage Newsletter SubscriptionsUnsubscribe From NotificationsSitemap Copyright 2008-2024, Patheos. All rights reserved. Subscription Support Ad-Free & Subscriber Log-In Follow Patheos