Marketing Resources | Mailchimp Skip to main content Hey there! Free trials are available for Standard and Essentials plans. Start for free today. Solutions and Services Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place INTEGRATE YOUR APPS See 300+ integrations Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Resources Resources See all resources Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search Start Free Trial This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Log In Start Free Trial Hi, %s Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Solutions and Services Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place See what’s new For your industry Back Close Main Menu For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrate your apps Back Close Main Menu Integrate your apps Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce See 300+ integrations Resources Back Close Main Menu Resources Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email See all resources Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Start Free Trial Log In Log In Start Free Trial MAILCHIMP RESOURCES Marketing Library Discover the resources you need to succeed. Accelerating customer growth to jump‑start your year Engage, Convert, Repeat: The Winning Formula of SMS and Email Marketing Reports & Downloads In this report by Harvard Business Review Analytic Services, we explore best practices for marketers looking to combine email and SMS marketing channels to drive customer engagement. Turn Clustomers into Customers with Personalization Reports & Downloads Discover ways to personalize messaging using Mailchimp segmentation and automation for customer differentiation and growth. Marketing Success Season 2023 Events & Webinars Check out all of the sessions from our virtual three-day conference to learn how to harness the latest technology and insights. Personalization & Targeting PERSONALIZATION Give your customers what they really want Utilize our personalization software tools to help you send the content that matters most to your audience. PERSONALIZATION 9 Strategies To Upgrade Your Email Personalization GROW & SCALE What is effective behavioral targeting? Upcoming Events & Webinars Join us for online and in-person events, conferences, and webinars. Explore all events See how businesses use Mailchimp How Earl of East Reaches Their Audience Case Study Creating a sense of community has always been at the core of their business, and that extends to their marketing. Neon Art Gets a Boost from Mailchimp and QuickBooks Case Study See how design studio Neon Workshops markets and manages finances so they can educate and inspire students, artists, and more. How Yuool Grows Revenue—and Their Business Case Study The Brazilian shoe brand stays connected to their audience and keeps them coming back for more using customer journeys. Reports & Downloads The Future of Marketing AI Isn’t Added On—It’s Built In Reports & Downloads Surprisingly simple ways AI can create better marketing in less time. An Introduction to Email Marketing: Tips to Maximize Success Reports & Downloads Learn how to make your brand stand out in a constantly connected world in this ebook. This Holiday, It’s Personal Reports & Downloads 6 insights to save time and maximize revenue with a personalized approach. Explore Business Stages Prep & Start Learn to write a business plan, build a brand, and turn your ambition into a successful business. Manage & Run Off and running? Find tips to help you lead, manage, and make your business even better. Grow & Scale Whether you want to grow your team, your following, or your sales, we've got ideas. Discover Marketing Tactics Marketing Automations Email Social Media Websites CRM E-commerce Digital Content Mailchimp Academy Take exclusive courses to learn new ways to use Mailchimp’s Marketing Platform and grow your skills. Join Mailchimp & Co. Guides & Tutorials Step-by-step videos and tutorials. Browse content by topic or search by feature. Explore Guides & Tutorials Podcasts Explore Mailchimp Presents, a collection of original content that celebrates the entrepreneurial spirit. Mailchimp Presents Mailchimp Experts See popular services and get tips for finding the right fit, or browse on your own in our directory. Find an expert Stay informed and inspired Subscribe to get more marketing tips straight to your inbox. Business Email Address Invalid email: Hmm... Try again with a valid email. By signing up, you are agreeing that we can use your email address to market to you. You can unsubscribe from marketing emails at any time by using the link in our emails. For more information, please review our privacy statement. Nice work! Related Links: Email Marketing and Newsletter Templates How to Use Mailchimp Make your brand’s message travel faster with digital ads Products Why Mailchimp? Product Updates Email Marketing Websites Transactional Email How We Compare GDPR Compliance Security Status Mobile App Resources Marketing Library Free Marketing Tools Marketing Glossary Integrations Directory Community Agencies & Freelancers Developers Events Company Our Story Newsroom Give Where You Live Careers Accessibility Help Contact Us Hire an Expert Help Center Talk to Sales Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Check it out This page is now available in other languages. English Español Français Português Deutsch Italiano ©2001-2024 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences