New Climate Economy Search Show Menu Hide Menu Search Executive Summary Home Chapters Home Page Global Action Plan Country Cases China Ethiopia India United States Working Papers Reports Home Share/Follow Follow us Newsletter Permanent link to this page Downloads/Translations Reports Home We are significantly under-estimating the benefits of cleaner, climate-smart growth. Bold climate action could deliver at least US$26 trillion in economic benefits through to 2030, compared with business-as-usual. There are real benefits to be seen in terms of new jobs, economic savings, competitiveness and market opportunities, and improved well-being for people worldwide. The 2018 Report of the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate Explore 2018 Report The Sustainable Infrastructure Imperative Financing for better growth and development. Explore 2016 Report Seizing the global opportunity Partnerships for better growth and a better climate. Explore 2015 Report Better growth better climate Charting a new path for low-carbon growth and a safer climate. Explore 2014 Report The New Climate Economy The Global Commission on the Economy and Climate, and its flagship project The New Climate Economy, were set up to help governments, businesses and society make better-informed decisions on how to achieve economic prosperity and development while also addressing climate change. The New Climate Economy was commissioned in 2013 by the governments of seven countries: Colombia, Ethiopia, Indonesia, Norway, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom. The Commission has operated as an independent body and has been given full freedom to reach its own conclusions. Lead by its global commission, it has disseminated its messages by engaging with heads of governments, finance ministers, business leaders and other key economic decision-makers in over 30 countries around the world. Global Commission Receive updates Subscribe to the New Climate Economy Newsletter to stay up-to-date on the Commission’s findings, data and working papers. We never share your information or use it to spam you. © 2024 The New Climate Economy | Design by HabitatSeven Inc