Defense One Continue to the site Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights ▼ Scroll To Continue ▼ About Newsletters Podcast Insights Advertise Threats Policy Business Science & Tech SYSTEMS Ideas Events Army Navy Marine Corps Air Force Space Force About Newsletters Podcast Insights Advertise Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Threats Policy Business Science & Tech Services Army Navy Marine Corps Air Force Space Force SYSTEMS Ideas Events Trending Middle East Congress Air Force Ukraine Russia Space China Threats Chinese space, nuclear development is ‘breathtakingly fast,’ DOD officials warn Heads of STRATCOM, Space Command discuss growing nuclear, space dangers. By Patrick TuckerFebruary 29, 2024 General Atomics’ ‘robot wingman’ makes first flight Some U.S. military aid is still trickling into Ukraine via arms dealers, contracts suggest Air Force must learn from suicides, chief says in wake of airman’s self-immolation over Gaza FBI: Prepare for an election year with fast-paced threats, powered by bad guys with AI Full-year CR would hurt joint exercises, industry, and innovation, defense leaders say sponsor content Tradecraft transformed: Leveraging Peraton’s strategic edge in intelligence operations General Atomics’ ‘robot wingman’ makes first flight Some U.S. military aid is still trickling into Ukraine via arms dealers, contracts suggest Air Force must learn from suicides, chief says in wake of airman’s self-immolation over Gaza FBI: Prepare for an election year with fast-paced threats, powered by bad guys with AI Full-year CR would hurt joint exercises, industry, and innovation, defense leaders say sponsor content Tradecraft transformed: Leveraging Peraton’s strategic edge in intelligence operations Ideas Is the United States overestimating China’s power? Washington's strategic, diplomatic, and budgetary decisions must be guided by a proper understanding of China's accomplishments and challenges. Dan Murphy, The Conversation 5 hours ago Science & Tech AFWERX’s private-sector collab program abruptly closes up shop The program sent military personnel to spend time at tech firms. Audrey Decker March 4, 2024 Ideas Iran’s elite Quds Force is following former leader's vision of chaos in the Middle East Esmail Ghaani, who took over when the U.S. killed Qassem Soleimani, has doubled down on the strategy of supporting, arming and funding terrorist and insurgent groups. Javed Ali, The Conversation March 4, 2024 Ideas Look deeper: Time may be on Ukraine’s side If Kyiv can hold out through the next winter—a big if—there are trends that run in its favor. John R. Deni March 4, 2024 Sponsor Content The path to next generation cyberspace operations: How defense industry expertise empowers the joint cyber warfighting architecture vision JCWA will be instrumental in helping our nation compete and win against adversaries, but scaled industry partnership is necessary for mission success. Presented by Threats Today's D Brief: Houthis sink a ship; Airdropping aid to Gaza; V-22s to return to flight; Russians keep turning up dead; And a bit more. Ben Watson and Bradley Peniston March 4, 2024 Science & Tech VPN ban is Kremlin’s latest effort to quash dissent Russian companies are now forbidden to advertise or offer virtual private network services. Patrick Tucker March 1, 2024 Get all our news and commentary in your inbox at 6 a.m. ET. email Stay Connected Get all our news and commentary in your inbox at 6 a.m. ET. email Threats Today's D Brief: Combat in the Red Sea; Space Force’s successful experiment; Singapore’s stealth jets; AI-powered election threats; And a bit more. Ben Watson March 1, 2024 Sponsor Content Combating the “Tyranny of Distance” in The Indo-Pacific Region AWS is working to support the Pentagon as it seeks to implement its vision for JADC2 in the Indo-Pacific. Presented by Threats Marine Corps seeks anti-drone tool to defend bases Call comes amid increased attacks on U.S. assets in the Middle East. Sam Skove February 29, 2024 Science & Tech General Atomics’ ‘robot wingman’ makes first flight The company is in the running to build collaborative combat aircraft for the Air Force. Audrey Decker February 29, 2024 Policy With one day until shutdown, House sends stopgap funding bill to Senate The Senate hopes to act quickly on the bill and set up votes on full-year appropriations next week. Eric Katz February 29, 2024 Voices Peter W. Singer China is building its own Starlink—even as questions surround Musk's constellation Elisabeth Braw In Norway, young people compete to serve in the military Ñusta Carranza Ko Domestic woes put Kim Jong Un on the defensive – and the offensive Todd Harrison Biden shouldn’t stick to a defense-budget deal the House will not honor Podcast Sponsored Ep. 144: How Russia cements control Listen Now | Past Episodes Events Digital Event | March 12 State of Defense March 12, 11:00 am, ET Video GEOINT Conference Wire 3: NRO on AI, DHS on Change Detection For Disasters Defense Systems FBI: Prepare for an election year with fast-paced threats, powered by bad guys with AI The technology could make the world’s best hackers even better. Lauren C. Williams February 29, 2024 Policy Space Force units that operate and sustain their gear? Let’s make more, leader says The months-old Integrated Mission Deltas for electromagnetic warfare and positioning-navigation-timing have already proven their value, Space Operations commander says. Audrey Decker February 29, 2024 Threats Today's D Brief: Aid trickles to Ukraine; Russia’s arms dumps grow; House shutdown vote; Austin testifies on absence; And a bit more. Ben Watson and Bradley Peniston February 29, 2024 Threats Full-year CR would hurt joint exercises, industry, and innovation, defense leaders say The three service undersecretaries laid out the costs to reporters on Wednesday. Patrick Tucker February 28, 2024 Defense Systems Pentagon adds 'living inspection' to its cyber defenses New assessment process adds automation, flexibility to threat detection, leaders say. Lauren C. Williams February 28, 2024 Business Some U.S. military aid is still trickling into Ukraine via arms dealers, contracts suggest Companies that have previously supplied Ukraine are now competing to provide “special ammunition” worth $624 million. Sam Skove February 28, 2024 Policy Air Force must learn from suicides, chief says in wake of airman’s self-immolation over Gaza “Whether it was politically motivated or other, we lost one of ours,” Gen. Allvin said after being heckled by protesters. Audrey Decker February 28, 2024 Threats Today's D Brief: Ukraine cannibalizing howitzers; Army to cut 32K billets; Protestors yell at USAF chief; Wildfires close nuke-assembly plant; And a bit more. Ben Watson and Bradley Peniston February 28, 2024 Policy Congress barrels toward another stopgap as leaders tout ‘productive’ White House meeting Leaders in both parties have committed to avoiding a shutdown, but major hurdles remain. Eric Katz February 28, 2024 Business Is Azerbaijan buying Pakistani fighter jets? Neither Baku nor Islamabad has confirmed a reported purchase of JF-17s. Derek Bisaccio, Forecast International February 28, 2024 Policy Army aims to cut 32,000 billets over five years, including 3,000 in special operations Service leaders say they are also planning for other cuts if Congress fails to pass a budget or supplemental funding for aid to Ukraine and Israel. Lauren C. Williams February 27, 2024 Threats Russian space nuke wouldn’t alter US orbital-network plans, Space Force says The nascent Proliferated Warfighter Space Architecture is built on the idea that lots of satellites offer plenty of redundancy. Audrey Decker February 27, 2024 Ideas Biden shouldn’t stick to a defense-budget deal the House will not honor Instead, the president should take a page from his former boss’ playbook—and seek the money the military needs. Todd Harrison and Mackenzie Eaglen February 27, 2024 Stay Connected Featured eBooks Next About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Nextgov/FCW Government Executive Route Fifty Washington Technology More © 2024 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top × Please read our Privacy Policy as it has recently been updated. Defense One uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name I Work For... — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State ▼ Agency/Department — select — ▼ Organization Function — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other ▼ Please Provide Your Org.'s Name Industry — select — ▼ Job Title Job Function — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management ▼ Phone Number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other ▼ Country Name Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. × News, analysis, and ideas driving the future of U.S. defense: straight to your inbox. Sign up for Defense One Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Also get The D Brief, your daily source for insights and analysis of the latest in defense news Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Defense One can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit More from Defense One Privacy Policy