Foreign & Commonwealth Office - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide this message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search Search GOV.UK Search Popular on GOV.UK Get support with the cost of living Find out about the Energy Bills Support Scheme Find a job Universal Credit account: sign in Check your National Insurance record Check MOT history of a vehicle Home Organisations Foreign & Commonwealth Office Foreign &Commonwealth Office Foreign & Commonwealth Office was replaced by Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) has closed. It’s been replaced by the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO). FCDO guidance, services and information These services are now provided by FCDO: foreign travel advice consular help and services abroad document legislation History of FCO FCO was a ministerial department from October 1968 to September 2020. It merged with the Department for International Development to create FCDO. Documents Services Bring your pet to Great Britain: step by step Affirmation/Affidavit of Marital Status form See all services Guidance and regulation Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) 19 February 2024 Guidance Advice for women travelling abroad 22 December 2023 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications UK-China Cooperation on Intellectual Property 13 November 2023 Case study British Embassy Montevideo "Leader for a Day" 2023 competition 16 February 2023 News story See all news and communications Research and statistics China Commercial Regulatory Update 13 October 2023 Official Statistics Black skin, Whitehall: Race and the Foreign Office, 1945 to 2018 23 September 2021 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Prosperity Fund Global Future Cities Programme 13 July 2023 Policy paper Conflict, Stability and Security Fund: Eastern Europe and Central Asia annual review summaries 2020 to 2021 22 May 2023 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases Geographical names index 19 January 2024 Transparency data FCDO major projects: accounting officer assessments 27 October 2023 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright