Above the Law - A Legal Web Site – News, Insights, and Opinions on Law Firms, Lawyers, Law School, Law Suits, Judges and Courts Skip to content Menu Small Law Firms Bonuses AI Legal Technology Legal Tech Non-Event Legal Tech Provider Directory Law Firm Transparency Directory Podcasts Asia Job Listings Litigation Finance The Jabot CLE Rankings Newsletters Resource Library Search for: Newsletters Send Tips Newsletters Send Tips Above the Law Subscribe Send Tips Biglaw Small Law Law Schools In-House Legal Tech The Legal Tech Non-Event Bonuses AI Career Center Job Board Law Firm Transparency Directory On the Job Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Resource Library Non-Event CRM for Law Firms Legal Operations Clio App Integrations Practice Management Practice Mgmt. by Practice Area Document Management Time, Billing & Payments Law Firm KPIs Cybersecurity Spend Management Software eDiscovery Legal AI Software Legal Tech Directory Appellate Court Blog Search for: Featured: ILTA on ATL » X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Biglaw Major Biglaw Firm Slashes Parental Leave What an absolutely awful policy. By Kathryn Rubino Health Care / Medicine Report: Few Large Employers Have Changed Abortion Coverage Following Dobbs v. Jackson Only 8% of large employers have reduced or expanded their coverage for abortion after the Dobbs v. Jackson decision, a new report from KFF found. By Above the Law Government Antitrust Law's Big Day The DOJ said the deal would drive up prices for consumers. By Kathryn Rubino Courts Supreme Court Accidentally Forgets To Delete Basic Metadata In Trump Ballot Ruling It looks like Sotomayor intended to author a dissent. By Joe Patrice Biglaw Associate Compensation Scorecard: Biglaw's 2023 Cash Bash Where does your firm stand when it comes to salary increases and bonuses? Get all the latest updates. By Staci Zaretsky Courts January 6th Rioter Finds Out What Happens When You F Around With A Federal Judge Bro, you aren't going to win. By Kathryn Rubino Government BREAKING: Allen Weisselberg STILL Hasn't Flipped Find yourself someone who looks at you the way this guy looks at Donald Trump. By Liz Dye Law Schools Heather Gerken Is Yale's First Female Dean, But Hopes She Won't Be The Last She's using her time as dean to inspire more women to pursue leadership roles. By Staci Zaretsky Biglaw World's Wealthiest Law Firm Conducts Layoffs Due To Market Conditions The size of the firm's capital markets team was reportedly 'too big.' By Staci Zaretsky Latest News Sponsored Sponsored Integrating Generative AI Into A Lawyer’s Workflow Legal AI is transforming law practice by enabling faster drafting, said panelists at a recent WSJ event for law firm managing partners. Firms adopting these… From LexisNexis Sponsored Early Adopters Of Legal AI Gaining Competitive Edge In Marketplace How to best leverage generative AI as an early adopter with ethical use. From LexisNexis Sponsored How AI Is Transforming The Legal Profession A survey of professionals reveals their expectations and challenges for the future of work. From Thomson Reuters Morning Docket Morning Docket: 03.05.24 * Supreme Court seeks funds to beef up security around the justices. This would be an excellent opportunity for the Senate and President to ask for an enforceable ethics code. [Reuters] * Boeing hiring number of law firms after string of negative stories really sucked the air out of the room. [National Law Journal] * The NY Times claims ChatGPT pilfers its articles. And while that could just be because the NY Times writes vapid, banal takes, OpenAI and its lawyers also say some shenanigans went on -- up to and including the Times may having loaded articles in first. [Coingeek] * Former Twitter executives sue Elon for their contractual severance packages. [Guardian] * Biden administration finalizing rule capping extra credit card late fees at $8. [Bloomberg Law News] * Clarence Thomas and Sam Alito are mad that the Supreme Court won't make a moot, advisory decision about a university anti-discrimination policy that the school disbanded a year ago. [Law360] * The justices did a lot of reaching to get Trump back on the ballot. [Dorf on Law] * New trend: board directors resigning and throwing public fits over "wokeness" to bolster their profile. [Corporate Counsel] By Above the Law See Also Even The Wealthiest Have To Tighten Their Belts -- See Also Most Monied Biglaw Firm Lays Off Employees: Sorry, just wasn't in the budget! This Bonus Needs A Bump: Maybe it’s the thought that counts? So Much For Work-Life Balance: DLA Piper slashes parental leave. Some Nobody Called Sandra Day O'Connor "Undistinguished": Strange to even see that word in the same sentence as her name. Better Start Preparing For The Bar!: Jacksonville University College of Law students become eligible for the bar. By Chris Williams Sponsored How AI Is Transforming The Legal Profession A survey of professionals reveals their expectations and challenges for the future of work. From Thomson Reuters In-House Counsel, Legal Operations How Law Department Pros Can Get The Resources They Need Join us on March 21 for a CLE-eligible webinar titled 'Winning the Race for Resources: Building a Powerful Business Case for Your Legal Technology Project.' By UPLEVEL OPS AND ABOVE THE LAW Above the Law daily newsletter Sign up and get the latest news in your inbox. Subscribe Now We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. In-House Counsel Could You Hire Trump As Your CEO? On the plus side, you really will have your mind made up with just one interview. By Mark Herrmann Sponsored Sponsored 5 Things To Consider Before Hiring A Legal Marketing Partner Not all digital marketing providers have the know-how or skillset needed to help your firm. From THOMSON REUTERS Sponsored CloudLex - Purposefully Built To Help Plaintiff Personal Injury Firms Build, Manage, And Grow Their Business From CloudLex Sponsored 5 Things To Consider Before Hiring A Legal Marketing Partner Not all digital marketing providers have the know-how or skillset needed to help your firm. From THOMSON REUTERS Recent Jobs Mid-Level Litigation Associate in Elite Group Location Chicago posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Mid Level Banking & Finance Associate Location Dallas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Boutique Trademark Associate Opening Location Chicago posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC View All Above the Law Podcasts Think like a lawyer. Evolve the law. All Podcasts Podcasts Return To Office Policies Attempt To Catch Bees With Vinegar Biglaw How To Go From Just A Lawyer To A Rainmaker Law Schools Move Over Joe Rogan, The Lawyers Are Here Podcasts Hard To Say Where Arrested Lawyer Went Wrong But Posting About Selling Drugs Probably Didn't Help Resources Ready to see a winning demand? The State Of Small Law Firms In An Era Of Change The Future Of Professionals Report: How AI Is The Catalyst For Transforming Every Aspect Of Work The Essential Guide To eDiscovery In Confluence And Jira Differentiating Your Solo Firm In A Crowded Marketplace Are You Making A Good Impression On Your Clients? How You Can Use Tech To Strengthen Client Ties The 2023 In-House Compensation Report Is Here! What's Driving The Commercial Disputes Leadership Diversity Gap How 160 Legal Tech Decision-Makers Are Combating Cybersecurity Threats The Solo & Small Firm Compensation Report Is Here! How to Achieve Quicker, More Valuable Case Settlements with Minimal Effort: A Guide for Personal Injury Lawyers 10 Steps For Choosing The Right eDiscovery Solution How Businesses Are Extracting Greater Value From Claims, Judgments, And Unenforced Awards Your Roadmap To An Effective and Defensible Legal Hold Process Contract Negotiation Confidential: 7 Things You Didn’t Learn in Law School How Today’s Law Firms Are Tackling Cybersecurity Challenges 5 Tech Features To Maximize Your Firm’s Profitability 2023 Litigation Economics: How Today’s Law Departments Are Finding New Value How You Can Get The Most Out Of Your Legal Workday Law Schools A Florida Law School Is Teaching Its First Class Of Bar Takers We love to see it! By Chris Williams Biglaw Biglaw Firm's Bonuses Leave A Lot To Be Desired Associates say this firm's bonuses are 'awful.' Yikes.... By Staci Zaretsky Sponsored Early Adopters Of Legal AI Gaining Competitive Edge In Marketplace How to best leverage generative AI as an early adopter with ethical use. From LexisNexis Courts Republicans Rip The Late Justice O'Connor As 'Undistinguished' Imagine handing the presidency to the GOP in a naked loyalty play and THIS is what they think of you. By Joe Patrice Courts SCOTUS Keeps Trump On The CO Ballot Because ... Eh, Whatever, It's All Vibes Lousy Smarch weather. By Liz Dye Sponsored CloudLex - Purposefully Built To Help Plaintiff Personal Injury Firms Build, Manage, And Grow Their Business From CloudLex Sponsored Content, Technology The Complete Picture On AI Regulation, With Global Insights From MLex® As regulators world-wide grapple with the impact of AI on all sectors, MLex correspondents bring subscribers specialist news and predictive insights from North America, Europe, the UK, and Asia-Pacific. By LexisNexis Technology ROSS Cofounder Returns To Legal Tech With Startup Using AI To Surface Judges’ Decision-Making Patterns Bench IQ says it is using generative AI to provide comprehensive insights into the decision-making patterns of judges — based not just on their written rulings, but also their rulings from the bench. By Robert Ambrogi Technology Unearthing The Gold: The Art And Science Of Discovering Use Cases In Legal Tech It isn't merely about adopting new tools; it's about uncovering the precise ways these tools can transform the legal profession for the better. By Olga V. Mack Courts, Health Care / Medicine AstraZeneca Loses Lawsuit Challenging Drug Price Negotiation By Medicare A federal judge disagreed with AstraZeneca’s claims that the Inflation Reduction Act causes harm by disincentivizing innovation and violates its constitutional rights to due process. Blockbuster AstraZeneca drug Farxiga is one of 10 medications selected for the Medicare drug price negotiation program created by the law. By FRANK VINLUAN - MEDCITY NEWS Sponsored Integrating Generative AI Into A Lawyer’s Workflow Legal AI is transforming law practice by enabling faster drafting, said panelists at a recent WSJ event for law firm managing partners. Firms adopting these… From LexisNexis × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. No thanks We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Advertise About Newsletter Our Sites © 2024 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×