The Colorado Sun: News, climate, politics, water, business and more Close Become a member Login My Account Logout Search for: Search News Open dropdown menu Education Health Coloradans Equity Open dropdown menu Social Services Sun Investigation Crime and Courts Culture Open dropdown menu Arts Food and Restaurants Sports Special Projects Politics Open dropdown menu Meet Colorado’s Congressional delegation Election 2020 Election 2022 Election 2023 Election 2024 Environment Open dropdown menu Climate Water Wildfire Weather Housing Open dropdown menu Growth Outdoors Business Open dropdown menu Energy Economy Technology Opinion Open dropdown menu Opinion Columns Cartoons Submit A Column SunLit Open dropdown menu SunLit Interviews Book Excerpts Bookstore Recommendations Books of the West Newsletters Open dropdown menu The Sunriser The Unaffiliated The Outsider The Temperature Colorado Sunday What’s Working Mike Littwin The Headlines Podcasts About Us Open dropdown menu FAQs and Help How We’re Funded Ethics Policy Our Commitment to DEI Sponsorships Business Memberships Events Send Tips Corrections Sun News Contact Us Facebook Page Twitter Username Instagram Mastodon Close Skip to content The Colorado Sun Telling stories that matter in a dynamic, evolving state. Become a member Login My Account Logout Menu News Open dropdown menu Education Health Coloradans Equity Open dropdown menu Social Services Sun Investigation Crime and Courts Culture Open dropdown menu Arts Food and Restaurants Sports Special Projects Politics Open dropdown menu Meet Colorado’s Congressional delegation Election 2020 Election 2022 Election 2023 Election 2024 Environment Open dropdown menu Climate Water Wildfire Weather Housing Open dropdown menu Growth Outdoors Business Open dropdown menu Energy Economy Technology Opinion Open dropdown menu Opinion Columns Cartoons Submit A Column SunLit Open dropdown menu SunLit Interviews Book Excerpts Bookstore Recommendations Books of the West Newsletters Open dropdown menu The Sunriser The Unaffiliated The Outsider The Temperature Colorado Sunday What’s Working Mike Littwin The Headlines Podcasts About Us Open dropdown menu FAQs and Help How We’re Funded Ethics Policy Our Commitment to DEI Sponsorships Business Memberships Events Send Tips Corrections Sun News Contact Us Open Search Search for: Search Business In four years, Colorado workers at 143 companies filed to form a union. At least 16 have a contract. Federal agencies don’t track when unions reach a first contract. But it’s a lengthy process and in the recent wave of new union formations, organizers say the process is getting longer. by Tamara Chuang and Parker Yamasaki Energy Holy Cross Energy has revolutionized its power supply. Colorado customer demand is next. by Michael Booth Equity Black Everest expedition aimed to increase diversity in the mountains. What are the results two years later? by Chloe Anderson Water Landmark deal offers Upper Basin tribes a long-awaited foothold in Colorado River discussions by Shannon Mullane Crime and Courts Rotting bodies, fake ashes and sold body parts push Colorado to patch lax funeral home rules by Jesse Bedayn, Associated Press Colorado Medicaid is discriminating against people with disabilities, federal complaint claims by Jennifer Brown and Tatiana Flowers Farms that feed migrating sandhill cranes in Colorado are in it for the long haul by Jerd Smith This bookshop in Fort Collins is paying people to sit down and read quietly by Parker Yamasaki Longtime friends, Colorado business partners and expert skiers: Meet the new owners of Silverton Mountain by Jason Blevins The Colorado Sun is part of The Trust Project. Read our policies. Newsletters The Sunriser | 143 union petitions. 16 contracts. Plus: Holy Cross Energy headed for 90% renewable, a Black Everest expedition’s legacy, tribes get foothold in Colorado River discussions and more The Sunriser | Supreme Court says Trump can be on the Colorado ballot Colorado Sunday | Protecting the valley of the cranes What’s Working: State economy grew as Coloradans consumed in 2023. That could change with rising property values. Subscribe Politics & Government Man sentenced to 10 days in jail for gathering fake signatures for Republican Colorado congressional candidate by Olivia Prentzel Takeaways from Donald Trump’s Supreme Court win in Colorado case: His legal peril is just starting by The Associated Press Twice a week, our award-winning politics team gives you breaking news, explainers and behind-the-scenes analysis. Subscribe to The Unaffiliated newsletter. Subscribe Colorado can’t disqualify Donald Trump for running for president under insurrection clause, U.S. Supreme Court rules The cost of universal pre-K in Colorado: Thousands of at-risk kids got less classroom time Colorado Democrats advance bills to protect transgender people’s use of a chosen name Colorado GOP sends pro-Trump mailer attacking chairman’s primary opponent, newspaper Floating solar array could improve water quality, lower the power bill for Fort Lupton — if a federal grant comes through Ask The Sun: Why there’s no “noncommitted delegate” option on Colorado’s Republican presidential primary ballot The Best Of The best businesses, chosen by our readers. The Daily Sun-Up podcast An in-depth look at our top stories. Latest episode: High Cost of Colorado For Coloradans already struggling with their budgets, the cost of mental health care is increasingly out of reach by Tatiana Flowers Young Colorado renters need to choose if they’ll pay the landlord, the hospital or grandma by Erica Breunlin High Cost of Colorado My family’s $2,000 popsicle and why health care costs so much in Colorado Watch: The Colorado Sun talks the High Cost of Colorado housing Colorado pet owners bark about the high — and rising — cost of caring for their companions You think a pound of beef is expensive? Wait until you hear what it costs to produce it in Colorado. Colorado utility bills keep growing even though the price of electricity is static. Here’s why. It’s expensive to go to concerts in Colorado. Let’s dig into why. Opinion Zornio: Are politician’s kids and families fair game in the media? by Trish Zornio Opinion: Colorado has the tools to prevent type 2 diabetes, but we need to make sure they are affordable by Rep. Dafna Michaelson Jenet Littwin: No one expects Nikki Haley to beat Trump in Colorado, but it may matter if she does better than expected by Mike Littwin Carman: Denver’s migrant crisis is a made-in-Washington catastrophe by Diane Carman The Colorado Sun has an app! Get the latest news from The Sun right in your pocket. Download The Colorado Sun app for iOS and Android devices. Apple App Store | Google Play Store Colorado Sunday What’s in a (bird) name, Colorado? Group reconsiders 152 birds named after people. by Michael Booth An unusually comprehensive collection of northern Colorado artifacts sits dormant. Will it ever reopen? by Kevin Simpson Experience the best in Colorado news at a slower pace, with thoughtful articles, unique adventures and a reading list that’s a perfect fit for a Sunday morning. Subscribe to Colorado Sunday. Subscribe Colorado’s Nicole Hensley and her peers may have finally found that elusive future in pro hockey Replacement ranch needed for storied Colorado family. 86,000 acres or best offer. After “Snowpocalypse” killed their power, Silverton is turning on microgrids A battle between ranchers wanting to protect their heritage and a Colorado bike race worth $4.5 million The New York billionaire looking to change agriculture with Colorado farmland Farm to quaff: How a Colorado nonprofit connects beer and spirit lovers to local sources Business Colorado construction workers, pressured by longer, harder hours, die by suicide twice as often as other professions by Jenny McCoy What’s Working: Techstars alumni, mentors consider what’s next for the Boulder/Denver startup community by Tamara Chuang Find out where the jobs are, where they aren’t and more about the health of Colorado’s economy in the What’s Working newsletter. Subscribe to receive it every Saturday. Subscribe Adams County’s oil and gas rules are among Colorado’s strictest — and the industry is still rapidly growing Colorado’s largest private sector union violated federal labor law in treatment of its internal staff, judge rules Colorado has hit 80% of its goal to cut greenhouse gases — but it must double down to reach 100% Federal government sues to block merger of grocery giants Kroger and Albertsons, saying it could push prices higher Oil companies used fraudulent scheme to shift liability for orphaned Colorado wells onto the state, lawsuit claims Postal Service floats idea of driving Western Slope mail to Denver and back before delivery Housing Denver closing four shelters, scaling back migrant services to save $60M by Jennifer Brown Colorado has allocated millions of dollars this year to governments and housing organizations planning to build affordable units A new — and much gentler — property tax hike is proposed for Colorado short-term rental properties Education Understanding Colorado’s students through maps by The Colorado Sun 1800s-era schoolhouse in tiny Colorado town will reopen to students after sitting vacant for decades Will AI replace Colorado teachers? Here’s what experts say. Outdoors Opposition grows to proposal for national monument along the Western Slope’s Dolores River by Jason Blevins Mountain lions and humans “are interacting more than ever” on the Front Range. A new management plan is coming. Bill to shield Colorado landowners from lawsuits filed by people who recreate on their land heads to governor’s desk Equity Mobile harm reduction van aims to help with safer substance use, overdose prevention in Arapahoe County by Tatiana Flowers How Ute tribes in Colorado resisted U.S. boarding schools Nurses for medically fragile kids are underpaid and hard to find. Parents want the state to step in. The Colorado Sun has no paywall. We believe vital information needs to be seen by everyone. Our reporting depends on support from readers like you. Starting at $5/month, you can help us provide free news for all of Colorado and beyond. Join now! Health Colorado’s medical aid-in-dying residency requirement won’t be lifted by Jesse Paul For some people, their genes and their cancer drugs don’t mix. A Colorado center is trying to fix that. Mileage goals, pollution fines, drilling pauses: Colorado Democrats unveil ambitious package to cut ozone Culture This giant 24-foot puppet will make its way through Manitou Springs this weekend by Olivia Prentzel Parts of Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Denver park stolen “Pay the hell attention”: Watch 66 environmental films from around the world this weekend in Golden Environment Colorado bill would add environmental justice and science seats on air commission, close pollution loopholes by Michael Booth Soil safe for people looking to rebuild after the Marshall fire, Colorado study says Colorado bill aims to plug holes in the state’s past “forever chemical” bans Sunlit “Governable Spaces” examines worrisome trends in social networks — and solutions by Nathan Schneider Nathan Schneider’s book took root in talks about his mom’s garden club Poor Richard’s Books suggests titles on both human and wildlife connections Cartoons Peter Moore: Why stop at SeaQuest? More endangered species that need rescuing by the Denver Zoo. by Peter Moore Drew Litton: At Rockies spring training, optimism reigns and … oh, never mind by Drew Litton “What’d I Miss?”: Ossie’s nightmare date by R. Alan Brooks and Cori Redford Facebook Page Twitter Username Instagram Mastodon Follow The SunNewsletters The Sunriser The Unaffiliated The Temperature The Outsider Colorado Sunday Mike Littwin What’s Working The Headlines Facebook Instagram Threads Get to Know UsAbout Us Editorial Standards and Policies Ethics Policy How We’re Funded DEI Commitment Annual Reports Events Send Tips News Literacy Resources RSS Work For The Sun Corrections MoreMembership FAQs Gift Membership Email Membership Support How To Support The Sun Sponsor Us Business Memberships Store Got a story tip? Drop us a note at tips@coloradosun.com The Colorado Sun The Colorado Sun is an award-winning news outlet based in Denver that strives to cover all of Colorado so that our state — our community — can better understand itself. The Colorado Sun is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. EIN: 36-5082144 Twitter Facebook Instagram Mastodon © 2024 The Colorado Sun. Powered by Newspack Colorado Sun Privacy Policy