Georgia Institute of Technology Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation MENU Main navigation About About About Georgia Tech History & Traditions Rankings & Stats Mission & Vision Our Values Ethics Military Resources Visitor Information Directories Institute Leadership Office and Department Directory Student, Staff & Faculty Directory Experts Careers at Tech Academics Academic Environment Majors and Degrees Colleges and Schools Continuing and Professional Education Georgia Tech Online Academic Calendar Admissions Prospective Students Admission Overview Campus Tour Tuition and Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Digital Swag Campus Life Campus Life Explore the Main Campus Student Activities Athletics Athletics Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets Tickets Ramblin Wreck Store Research Research Research Areas Research News Experts Hub News and Events News Center Experts Hub Feature Stories Campus Calendar Media Contacts User account menu Apply Transform Tomorrow. Give Today. Open Search Search Search Overharvested Sea Cucumbers Play Crucial Role in Protecting Coral Georgia Tech researchers discovered a crucial missing element that plays a profound role in keeping coral healthy — an animal of overlooked importance known as a sea cucumber. Protection From Drowning Through AI-Enabled Camera System A Georgia Tech Algorithm Lands on the Moon Overharvested Sea Cucumbers Play Crucial Role in Protecting Coral Welcome Sustainable Development Goals Action and Awareness Week 2024 The campus community is invited to participate in a week of events that increase awareness of and encourage actions that advance the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Check out the upcoming events and join us in improving the human condition. Featured Event: "The Role of Philanthropy in Climate Action and Sustainable Development" Don't miss this informative panel discussion hosted by Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Dean Kaye Husbands Fealing. Wednesday, March 6 | 9 – 10 a.m. EST Atlantic Theater, John Lewis Student Center For more information, read SDG Week and the Sustainability Showcase Highlight Georgia Tech’s Commitment to Advancing Sustainable Development. Take action. Join us at an SDG-focused event. Transforming Tomorrow Majors and Degrees Georgia Tech offers a wide variety of technologically focused degrees. Explore the more than 130 majors and minors available. Information about Majors and Degrees Prospective Students Choosing the right college can be complex. Learn more about Georgia Tech's academics, admissions, campus life, costs, and aid. Information for Prospective Students Admissions Our holistic admission process considers your academic background as well as your pursuits and interests outside the classroom. Information for Admissions Alumni Association Connecting our global network of alumni through events, volunteer opportunities, and career help. Information for GT Alumni Government Relations Working with government partners to advance the Institute and our surrounding communities. Information for Government Relations Research Breaking down barriers and collaborating on research at the intersection of disciplines. Information about Research Campus News Society and Culture Marking Two Years of War in Ukraine. What Does the Future Hold in Store? Feb 21, 2024 Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts experts assess the state of the Ukraine war on its second anniver... Science and Technology Critical Infrastructure Systems Are Vulnerable to a New Kind of Cyberattack Feb 29, 2024 Engineers and computer scientists show how bad actors can exploit browser-based control systems in i... Campus and Community Meet Aisha Johnson, the Library’s Associate Dean for Academic Affairs and Outreach Feb 22, 2024 Aisha Johnson is an educator, advocate, scholar, and world traveler. Health and Medicine A Clearer Image of Glaucoma Feb 20, 2024 Georgia Tech chemists are exploring the behavior of a complex protein associated with glaucoma — cha... Visit News Center Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Education Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Staff Council TechWorks Alumni and Foundation Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Foundation Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North AvenueAtlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Enable Accessibility General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Equal Opportunity, Nondiscrimination, and Anti-Harassment Policy Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Report Free Speech and Censorship Concern © 2024 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN