National Society of Professional Engineers | Skip to main content Creating a world where the public can be confident that engineering decisions affecting their lives are made by qualified and ethically accountable professionals. Who We Are & What We Do Membership & Communities Become a Member Member Benefits Types of Membership Existing Members Log In Renew Membership Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Get Involved Member Benefits Communities NSPE Communities Interest Groups Partners State Societies What Is a PE What Is a PE Why Get Licensed How to Get Licensed Maintaining a License Why PEs Matter NSPE Protects Your PE License Licensing Boards Licensing Resources Professional Engineers Day Ethics Code of Ethics History of the Code of Ethics for Engineers Engineers' Creed Code of Ethics (French) Code of Ethics (German) Code of Ethics (Japanese) Code of Ethics (Spanish) Board of Ethical Review Ethics Resources Board of Ethical Review Cases Education and Publications Engineering Ethics Videos Ethics Exam Ethics FAQ Milton F. Lunch Ethics Contest Education & Practice Education 2024 Professional Engineers Conference PE Institute Online Education PE/FE Exam Preparation Emerging Leaders Program Practice NSPE Education Foundation EJCDC Contract Documents Professional Liability Students Advocacy NSPE Advocacy Center Sustainability and Resilience Action on Issues Latest News Reports on State PE Laws and Rules Advocacy Tools State Watch PE Legislators Professional Policies and Position Statements NSPE-PAC NSPE Legal Fund Protect the PE Fund NSPE Life Member Contribution News & Publications Digital PE Magazine PE Magazine Daily Designs Archives NSPE Update Press Room Advertising Welcome to National Society of Professional Engineers Welcome to National Society of Professional Engineers No front page content has been created yet. Share Your Views on the Profession Complete this 10-minute survey on current issues affecting the practice of engineering and enter our drawing for one of five $100 Amazon gift cards. Learn More 2024 Federal Engineer of The Year Award NSPE named Capt. Stephen Martin Jr., Ph.D., P.E., of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as the recipient of the Federal Engineer of the Year Award for 2024. Learn More Launch your NSPE Enterprise Membership Employee participation in NSPE Enterprise Membership elevates engineering organizations by providing your team with the tools, resources, support community, and solutions they need. Learn More Check Out the Latest Issue of PE Magazine Read the cover story, “Elevate Your Leadership By Fostering Courageous Connections", plus featured articles like, “Rebooting Engineering Practice for a ChatGPT World", and much more. Learn More NSPE Career Center: Where Top Employers Go To Find Top Engineering Talent! Find the best, meet your recruitment goals and attract top talent. Prices start at $295. Learn More NSPE Now Ethics New Board of Ethical Review Cases The Board of Ethical Review (BER) has released a new set of cases on various topics including on conflict of interest, duty to report, and professional qualifications. Learn more Ethics Contest Enter This Year's Milton F. Lunch Ethics Contest Match your wits and knowledge of engineering ethics with experienced professional engineers and engineering students throughout the country. Learn More PE Magazine Elevate Your Leadership By Fostering Courageous Connections The ability to build meaningful connections is an essential skill for all leaders. Discover how to build these connections and elevate your leadership. Learn more Education 2024 Professional Engineers Conference Mark your calendar for NSPECon24 in Raleigh, North Carolina, August 7–9. Learn more Join Now Login Join Now Job Board All PostingsPost a JobResources Engineering Manager - Community Investment ProjectsCity of Plano, Plano, TexasDirector of Development ServicesCity of Poway, POWAY, CaliforniaOutside Technical Sales Engineer, EnergyGeostabilization International, Dallas, TexasCivil EngineerJames A. Sewell and Associates, LLC, Newport, WashingtonEngineer Positions - MultipleMerjent, Inc., Nationwide Connect with us Shop NSPE EJCDC Contract Documents A-990 EJCDC Design-Bid-Build Documents, Full Set Climate Action for Engineers Series: ACC Overview CMAR‑111 - Advertisement of Request for Qualifications—Construction Manager at Risk Series About NSPE Calendar of Events Career Center Contact Us NSPE Education Foundation Renew Shop NSPE NICET Technicians/Technologists Privacy Policy ©2024 National Society of Professional Engineers | 1420 King St., Alexandria, VA 22314 | 888-285-NSPE (6773)