CBS Philadelphia - Breaking News, Sports, NEXT Weather & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Philadelphia Breaking News, NEXT Weather & Community Journalism facebook twitter youtube instagram News All News Pennsylvania New Jersey Delaware National World Health Entertainment Politics Traffic & Transportation Business Recalls CBS+ Weather Latest Weather Radars Become a Weather Watcher Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Eagles Sixers Phillies Flyers Blue Coats College High School Odds Video CBS Philadelphia Shows Focusing on the Future Gallen of Questions Alex's Lemonade Stand Lights for the Fight More Than Pink Friday Football Frenzy Hispanic Heritage Month Joy of Sharing Black Business Month Mental Reset RMHC Telethon SummerFest The Heartbeat Station Info Contact Us Share Photos & Video Send Us a News Tip Advertise With Us Contests & Promotions Download The App About NEXTGEN TV Photo Galleries Mentioned On-Air Jobs & Internships CBS News Live CBS News Philadelphia: Local News, Weather & More Jan 30, 2020 CBS News Philadelphia CBS News Live Watch Philly's St. Patrick's Day Parade live on March 10 CBS celebrates Women's History Month Delaware Blue Coats games on PHILLY57 Weather Latest News More Philadelphia DA calls deadly shooting at SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz "absolute outrage" Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner was moved to tears discussing a quintuple shooting that killed a 17-year-old at a SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz. 1H ago Super Tuesday 2024 live coverage as 16 states vote in today's primaries Over a dozen states are voting in the Republican presidential primary campaign this 2024 Super Tuesday. Follow along here for live results. 12M ago 89-year-old man shot, killed inside car in West Philadelphia: police Police said an 89-year-old man was shot and killed while he was inside a white Hyundai in West Philadelphia on Tuesday afternoon. 48M ago Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 5H ago Everything you need to know about the April 23 Pennsylvania primary Here's what you need to know for registering to vote and voting by mail in Pennsylvania and other deadlines for the April primary. 1H ago Dartmouth basketball players vote to form first union in college sports College administrators have already filed a formal appeal to the basketball players' move to unionize, the NLRB said. 1H ago Facebook, Instagram services restored after widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users earlier today reported that they were booted out of the social media platforms, with many unable to log back in. 1H ago 49ers safety, Trenton native Ji'Ayir Brown honored with key to city Ji'Ayir Brown is the pride of Trenton after making the Super Bowl in his rookie season with the San Francisco 49ers. 5H ago Meet than man leading this year's Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade Thomas Farrelly said being named the grand marshal of Philadelphia's annual St. Patrick's Day Parade "totally took me by surprise." 6H ago More Local News Latest Videos More Latest Videos Philadelphia region sees a weather rollercoaster, multiple rounds of rain There are breaks in the rain Tuesday afternoon and Friday morning, but Friday looks like the only day with no rain, Grant Gilmore reports. 3H ago 02:54 Philadelphia region sees a weather rollercoaster, multiple rounds of rain Hundreds of thousands of Instagram, Facebook users logged out Outages were reported among Meta's social media services including Facebook, Instagram and Threads, according to DownDetector. 3H ago 00:19 District Attorney Larry Krasner moved to tears after quintuple shooting that killed 17-year-old "This is an absolute outrage, it will be solved," Krasner said of a shooting that happened near Imhotep Institute Charter High School on Monday in Philadelphia. 4H ago 02:18 Meet 2024 Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade grand marshal Thomas Farrelly This year, Thomas Farrelly will have one of the highest honors after being named Philadelphia's St. Patrick's Day Parade grand marshal. 6H ago 02:31 49ers' Ji'Ayir Brown, the pride of Trenton, gets key to city Trenton Central High School grad Ji'Ayir Brown went to the Super Bowl in his rookie year with the San Francisco 49ers. On Monday he was honored at City Hall in his hometown Trenton. 7H ago 00:23 More Latest Videos NEXT Weather NEXT Weather Philadelphia region sees a weather rollercoaster, multiple rounds of rain There are breaks in the rain Tuesday afternoon and Friday morning, but Friday looks like the only day with no rain, Grant Gilmore reports. 3H ago 02:54 NEXT Weather Team NEXT Weather is about preparation and accuracy. It means No Surprises. So once it's on our radar - it's on yours. Feb 17, 2023 Health News Temple's first female spine surgeon is looking ahead as technology improves Dr. Theresa Pazionis is Temple University Hospital's first and only female spine surgeon. 20H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 New Pa. law named in honor of Chester County family who pushed for seizure training in schools​ A family in Chester County pushed for the DOMinate Epilepsy Law that passed in Pennsylvania to train teachers how to recognize and respond to epileptic seizures. Mar 1 SEPTA study using AI finds parking in bus lanes blocks safe access for the disabled community On this International Wheelchair Day, Kwanesha Clarke and the Liberty Resources nonprofit are working to create equal access to public transportation for the disabled community. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. Mar 4 South Jersey hospital celebrates special deliveries of leaplings on Leap Day Virtua Voorhees Hospital had a Leap Day birthday party Thursday to welcome their little leapsters. They could set a new record. Mar 1 Philly actor stars in groundbreaking musical that shows challenges people with disabilities face The show called "Most Likely Not To..."​ was created by people with a rare disease and will be livestreaming on Thursday which is Rare Disease Day.​ Feb 29 Center City school, day camp program says stomach bug is making rounds As of late, the founder and CEO of Ko12 Kids School said fewer students have been coming through the doors. Feb 27 Philadelphia Health Department announces end of measles outbreak According to health officials, 93% of Philadelphians are up-to-date on their measles vaccine so the outbreak didn't spread further. Feb 27 Current Conditions More Weather CBS Philadelphia TV Schedule View All Programs Philly 57 TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Sports News More Dartmouth basketball players vote to form first union in college sports College administrators have already filed a formal appeal to the basketball players' move to unionize, the NLRB said. 1H ago 49ers safety, Trenton native Ji'Ayir Brown honored with key to city Ji'Ayir Brown is the pride of Trenton after making the Super Bowl in his rookie season with the San Francisco 49ers. 5H ago Where does Zack Wheeler's contract extension with Phillies rank in MLB history? Zack Wheeler's contract extension with the Philadelphia Phillies is historic, but where does it rank in baseball history? 7H ago Philadelphia Flyers fall to St. Louis Blues in overtime at home The Philadelphia Flyers fell 2-1 to the Blues after a shootout Monday. 16H ago Jason Kelce switched to OL in college at Cincinnati. What if it never happened? At the University of Cincinnati, Jason Kelce switched positions from linebacker to offensive line and began the process of a likely Hall of Fame career with the Philadelphia Eagles. 5H ago More Sports News Mysteries More "Fairmount Park Rapist" suspect faces new charges in 2003, 2007 rapes Elias Diaz, the man police believe is the "Fairmount Park Rapist," has been charged with three more unsolved rapes in addition to Rebecca Park's murder. Dec 27, 2023 Cold case solved: Arrest made in decade-old murder of Gloucester Township woman Just eight days after a recent CBS Mysteries report profiled Reiff's case, an arrest has finally been made. May 11, 2023 Investigators confident murder of Gloucester Township mother Carol Reiff will have resolution It's been nearly 10 years since Carol Reiff, a beloved mother and friend from Gloucester Township, was found murdered in a wooded area not far from Route 42. May 1, 2023 More CBS3 Mysteries Focusing on The Future More Young Philadelphia scientist is taking her research on mental health to a new level On this week's Focusing on the Future and the first day of Women's History Month, CBS Philadelphia talked with one high school senior who is making history. 18H ago NJ high school Unified Sports basketball team proves bonds go beyond the court At Cherokee High School, its Chiefs United basketball team is proving that lasting bonds go well beyond the court. Feb 23 Meet the Philadelphia kids who voice PBS series "Lyla in the Loop" theme song Meet the Fanny Jackson Coppin School students who voice the theme song for the new PBS Kids series "Lyla in the Loop." Feb 16 Focusing on The Future Extras Extras Gallen of Questions Podcast, Ep. 30: Hannah Keyser Hannah Keyser of Yahoo Sports joined Pat on the Gallen of Questions Podcast to talk all things Phillies before their NLDS series rematch against the Atlanta Braves. Oct 5, 2023 25:51 Gallen of Questions Podcast, Ep. 27: Sheil Kapadia of The Ringer Kapadia joined Pat to preview Eagles training camp and the 2023 season after the Birds made a run to the Super Bowl last season. Jul 25, 2023 30:11 Gallen of Questions Podcast, Ep. 24: Jake Fischer, Jonathan Tannenwald Jake Fischer of Yahoo Sports and Jonathan Tannenwald of the Philadelphia Inquirer joined Pat on the latest Gallen of Questions Podcast to talk about the Sixers, Union and more. Jul 4, 2023 25:59 Latest News More Latest News Philadelphia DA calls deadly shooting at SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz "absolute outrage" Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner was moved to tears discussing a quintuple shooting that killed a 17-year-old at a SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz. 1H ago Super Tuesday 2024 live coverage as 16 states vote in today's primaries Over a dozen states are voting in the Republican presidential primary campaign this 2024 Super Tuesday. Follow along here for live results. 12M ago 89-year-old man shot, killed inside car in West Philadelphia: police Police said an 89-year-old man was shot and killed while he was inside a white Hyundai in West Philadelphia on Tuesday afternoon. 48M ago Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 5H ago Everything you need to know about the April 23 Pennsylvania primary Here's what you need to know for registering to vote and voting by mail in Pennsylvania and other deadlines for the April primary. 1H ago More Local News Pennsylvania News More Pennsylvania News 89-year-old man shot, killed inside car in West Philadelphia: police Police said an 89-year-old man was shot and killed while he was inside a white Hyundai in West Philadelphia on Tuesday afternoon. 48M ago Everything you need to know about the April 23 Pennsylvania primary Here's what you need to know for registering to vote and voting by mail in Pennsylvania and other deadlines for the April primary. 1H ago Philadelphia DA calls deadly shooting at SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz "absolute outrage" Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner was moved to tears discussing a quintuple shooting that killed a 17-year-old at a SEPTA bus stop in Ogontz. 1H ago Meet than man leading this year's Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade Thomas Farrelly said being named the grand marshal of Philadelphia's annual St. Patrick's Day Parade "totally took me by surprise." 6H ago NEXT Weather: More rain for your morning commute, Friday the only dry day this week Tuesday starts with scattered showers early followed by cooler temperatures - Friday is the only day this week that doesn't look rainy. 9H ago More Pennsylvania News New Jersey News More New Jersey News 49ers safety, Trenton native Ji'Ayir Brown honored with key to city Ji'Ayir Brown is the pride of Trenton after making the Super Bowl in his rookie season with the San Francisco 49ers. 5H ago NJ makes sudden change to bill that would ban new fossil-fuel-burning power plants New Jersey voters may get the chance in November to weigh in on whether new power plants that burn fossil fuels should be banned. 7H ago NEXT Weather: More rain for your morning commute, Friday the only dry day this week Tuesday starts with scattered showers early followed by cooler temperatures - Friday is the only day this week that doesn't look rainy. 9H ago Rowan University has $2.9 billion economic impact on New Jersey, study says Rowan University has a $2.9 billion economic impact on New Jersey, according to a study commissioned by the university. 20H ago NJ TRANSIT holding 1st public hearing on proposed fare hikes NJ Transit​ officials say the 15% hike is needed​ to fulfill a nearly $107 million shortfall. Mar 4 More New Jersey News Delaware News More Delaware News NEXT Weather: More rain for your morning commute, Friday the only dry day this week Tuesday starts with scattered showers early followed by cooler temperatures - Friday is the only day this week that doesn't look rainy. 9H ago NEXT Weather: Lots of sun, highs in the 60s Sunday, overcast and rainy week ahead Sunday is the best weather day of the week, so get outside and enjoy the sunshine and high temperatures in the 60s! The rest of the week is overcast with chances for rain each day. Mar 3 NEXT Weather: Chilly start before highs near 50 in the city, mixed weekend There's a bit of a morning chill in the Philadelphia region Friday before temperatures increase to nearly 50 degrees - with highs in the 60s coming. Mar 1 Manager of Newark, Delaware, Grotto Pizza charged with drug dealing Michael Gordon Somers, of Elkton, Maryland, was charged with possession of cocaine, drug dealing and other offenses. Feb 29 NEXT Weather: Blustery and chilly Thursday, March starts mild before Saturday rain Thursday's weather in Philadelphia will be sunny with highs near 42 degrees, but wind chills will make it really feel like the 20s and mid-30s. Feb 29 More Delaware News Health News More Health News Temple's first female spine surgeon is looking ahead as technology improves Dr. Theresa Pazionis is Temple University Hospital's first and only female spine surgeon. 20H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 New Pa. law named in honor of Chester County family who pushed for seizure training in schools​ A family in Chester County pushed for the DOMinate Epilepsy Law that passed in Pennsylvania to train teachers how to recognize and respond to epileptic seizures. Mar 1 SEPTA study using AI finds parking in bus lanes blocks safe access for the disabled community On this International Wheelchair Day, Kwanesha Clarke and the Liberty Resources nonprofit are working to create equal access to public transportation for the disabled community. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. Mar 4 More Health News Business News More Business News She started scrubbing toilets at McDonald's - now she owns 12 locations on the Main Line Tanya Hill-Holliday started out at a McDonald's in Baltimore, Maryland before going on to run 12 franchises in Pennsylvania. Mar 2 Krispy Kreme offering Leap Day deal on a dozen doughnuts On Thursday, Feb. 29, aka Leap Day, Krispy Kreme customers can buy any regularly priced dozen and get another dozen original glazed doughnuts for just $2.29. Feb 29 At Wheelhouse Cards, trading baseball cards has become a father-son bonding experience Wheelhouse Cards, a full-service sports card shop that saw a resurgence during the pandemic, has opened its second location in West Chester, Pa. Feb 26 Rilling's Bucks County Bakery to close in March after 88 years The owners of Rilling's Bucks County Bakery, which has been in business for 88 years, are retiring. Feb 18 Trump hawks $399 sneakers a day after a $355 million ruling against him As he closes in on the Republican presidential nomination, former President Donald Trump made a highly unusual stop. Feb 17 More Business News Traffic & Transportation More Traffic & Transportation Speed cameras on Philadelphia's Roosevelt Boulevard have slowed down drivers, report says A 2023 report by the Pennsylvania State Transportation Advisory Committee​ found that speed cameras on Roosevelt Boulevard in Philadelphia have been successful in slowing down reckless drivers. 16H ago SEPTA study using AI finds parking in bus lanes blocks safe access for the disabled community On this International Wheelchair Day, Kwanesha Clarke and the Liberty Resources nonprofit are working to create equal access to public transportation for the disabled community. Mar 1 Shooting turned car crash shuts down parts of I-476 North in Delaware County for several hours Pennsylvania State Police are investigating a shooting and car crash that shut down the Blue Route northbound (Interstate 476) for several hours on Friday afternoon. Mar 2 Possible replacement of historic Washington Crossing Bridge leaves drivers with mixed reactions Some drivers say it's intimidating to drive over, and others refuse to cross the Washington Crossing Bridge. But now there is talk the historic bridge may be replaced. Feb 29 SEPTA riders raise concerns about safety after violent weekend incidents Over the weekend, a shooting happened on a subway in North Philadelphia and another man was attacked with a hatchet at 8th and Market Streets Feb 26 More Traffic & Transportation News Sports News More Sports News Dartmouth basketball players vote to form first union in college sports College administrators have already filed a formal appeal to the basketball players' move to unionize, the NLRB said. 1H ago 49ers safety, Trenton native Ji'Ayir Brown honored with key to city Ji'Ayir Brown is the pride of Trenton after making the Super Bowl in his rookie season with the San Francisco 49ers. 5H ago Where does Zack Wheeler's contract extension with Phillies rank in MLB history? Zack Wheeler's contract extension with the Philadelphia Phillies is historic, but where does it rank in baseball history? 7H ago Philadelphia Flyers fall to St. Louis Blues in overtime at home The Philadelphia Flyers fell 2-1 to the Blues after a shootout Monday. 16H ago Jason Kelce switched to OL in college at Cincinnati. What if it never happened? At the University of Cincinnati, Jason Kelce switched positions from linebacker to offensive line and began the process of a likely Hall of Fame career with the Philadelphia Eagles. 5H ago More Sports News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Ancestry reveals Taylor Swift is related to American poet Emily Dickinson It turns out Taylor Swift, whose upcoming album is titled "The Tortured Poets Department," is distantly related to a famous poet: Emily Dickinson. Mar 4 2024 PHS Philadelphia Flower Show Party By HughE Dillon. Mar 2 14 photos Things to do this weekend Philadelphia: East Passyunk Restaurant Week, Philadelphia Flower Show Whether you're in the mood to try out a new dish at East Passyunk Restaurant Week or maybe looking to be blown away at the Philadelphia Flower Show, the Delaware Valley has you covered this weekend! Mar 2 Iris Apfel, fashion icon known for her eye-catching style, dies at 102 Iris Apfel, a textile expert, interior designer and fashion celebrity known for her eccentric style, has died. Mar 1 How Manayunk's Fat Lady Brewing's circus theme offers a community bar for everyone Fat Lady Brewing in Manayunk, one of the few women-owned breweries in the Delaware Valley, is breaking glass ceilings in a mainly male-dominated industry. Mar 1 More Entertainment News Brotherly Love More Brotherly Love Brotherly Love Local nonprofit delivers early Christmas gift to man battling congenital heart disease Ukee Washington reports. Dec 14, 2022 02:51 Camden woman made it her life's mission to help her community after losing husband to gun violence Natasha Brown reports. Oct 19, 2022 01:48 Brotherly Love: Saving Grace Ministry helps children and their families coping with trauma Natasha Brown reports. Oct 19, 2022 01:59 Fairhill nonprofit's youth artist program "empowers" teens Natasha Brown reports. Oct 5, 2022 02:25 Sinister Mopar to host car show with a cause at Clementon Lake Park in South Jersey Ukee Washington reports. Sep 28, 2022 02:07 More Brotherly Love Videos Focusing on the Future More Focusing on the Future Young Philadelphia scientist is taking her research on mental health to a new level On this week's Focusing on the Future and the first day of Women's History Month, CBS Philadelphia talked with one high school senior who is making history. 18H ago NJ high school Unified Sports basketball team proves bonds go beyond the court At Cherokee High School, its Chiefs United basketball team is proving that lasting bonds go well beyond the court. Feb 23 Meet the Philadelphia kids who voice PBS series "Lyla in the Loop" theme song Meet the Fanny Jackson Coppin School students who voice the theme song for the new PBS Kids series "Lyla in the Loop." Feb 16 Esports offering these Philadelphia high school students "endless" opportunities For Mercy Career and Technical High School, esports offers students "endless" opportunities beyond just playing video games. Feb 2 Young SCH Academy entrepreneurs creating businesses to make world a better place A Philadelphia private school has a group of young entrepreneurs who believe opening a business is more than a paycheck. Jan 26 Focusing on The Future Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Philadelphia region sees a weather rollercoaster, multiple rounds of rain There are breaks in the rain Tuesday afternoon and Friday morning, but Friday looks like the only day with no rain, Grant Gilmore reports. 3H ago 02:54 Hundreds of thousands of Instagram, Facebook users logged out Outages were reported among Meta's social media services including Facebook, Instagram and Threads, according to DownDetector. 3H ago 00:19 District Attorney Larry Krasner moved to tears after quintuple shooting that killed 17-year-old "This is an absolute outrage, it will be solved," Krasner said of a shooting that happened near Imhotep Institute Charter High School on Monday in Philadelphia. 4H ago 02:18 Meet 2024 Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade grand marshal Thomas Farrelly This year, Thomas Farrelly will have one of the highest honors after being named Philadelphia's St. Patrick's Day Parade grand marshal. 6H ago 02:31 49ers' Ji'Ayir Brown, the pride of Trenton, gets key to city Trenton Central High School grad Ji'Ayir Brown went to the Super Bowl in his rookie year with the San Francisco 49ers. On Monday he was honored at City Hall in his hometown Trenton. 7H ago 00:23 More Latest Videos ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS Philadelphia News Sports Weather Entertainment Video Contests & Promotions Program Guide Contact Us / Closed Captioning Information Sitemap Download Our App Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KYW-TV / CBS Philadelphia Public File for WPSG / Philly 57 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On