Sports Business Journal | Sign In Subscribe Menu Account Sign In EMAIL PASSWORD Forgot password? Setup Login Subscribe to SBJ DAILY Issues March 5 March 4 March 1 February 29 February 28 February 27 February 26 February 23 February 22 February 21 Weekly Issues March 4 February 26 February 19 February 12 February 5 January 29 January 22 January 15 January 8 December 18 Digital Edition Newsletters Betting College Esports Football Marketing Media Power Up Tech Unpacks EDITIONS Morning Buzz Closing Bell Weekend Rap Podcasts/TV All Podcasts Buzzcast Unpacks SBJ TV SBJ Spotlight SBJ I Factor Sports Media ALL TOPICS Media Tech Executive Transactions Marketing International Data Franchises Esports Betting Colleges Facilities Events and Attractions Finance Labor and Agents Leagues Olympics Opinion People and Pop Culture Sports and Society Sponsored Content All Sponsored Content Contents State of Play Forum Upfront Insiders In Depth Opinion People and Pop Culture Closing Shot Past Issues State of Play Forum Upfront Insiders In Depth Opinion People and Pop Culture Closing Shot Events Event Calendar 2024 Tech Week 2024 SBA Tech Awards SBJ ALL IN 2024 CAA World Congress of Sports 2024 4se 2024 Sports Business Awards 2024 Brand Innovation Summit 2024 Thought Leaders 2024 Thought Leaders Tech 2024 AXS DRIVE 2024 Game Changers 2024 Leaders Week London 2024 Dealmakers 2024 Media Innovators 2024 New Voices Under 30 2024 Forty Under 40 2024 Intercollegiate Athletics Forum Properties On Campus Newzoo Leaders in Sport Company About Us Staff FAQ Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Become an industry insider SUBSCRIBE NOW Properties On Campus Newzoo Leaders in Sport Company About Us Staff FAQ Contact Us Advertise Subscribe All Topics Media Tech Executive Transactions Marketing International Data Franchises Esports Betting Colleges Facilities Events and Attractions Finance Labor and Agents Leagues Olympics Opinion People and Pop Culture Sports and Society Media Tech Executive Transactions Marketing All Topics International Data Franchises Esports Betting Colleges Facilities Events and Attractions Finance Labor and Agents Leagues Olympics Opinion People and Pop Culture Sports and Society Print Daily Editions Latest Issue Morning Buzz Closing Bell | Newsletters View All Betting College Esports Football Marketing Media Power Up Tech Unpacks | Weekly Issue 3.04.2024 Digital Edition 2.26.2024 2.19.2024 2.12.2024 2.05.2024 1.29.2024 1.22.2024 1.15.2024 1.08.2024 12.18.2023 Best of the Best SBJ's Best Places to Work in Sports 2023 are announced Labor and Agents Man of the Moment CAA’s Nez Balelo secured Shohei Ohtani’s landmark contract, but that’s only part of his remarkable story. Facilities Ahead in the Count The Braves are finishing up several improvements across Truist Park ahead of their home opener next month. × Top Headlines Dartmouth hoops votes to unionize Is Jason Kelce headed for TV? Clark adds to growing sponsor roster Caitlin Clark's timing good for WNBA LIV gives up fight against OWGR Tanenbaum again pushes for WNBA Temple gets record-setting donation Ravens end pact with Aramark CLT approves Hornets' arena plan Latest News Facilities Developer says White Sox, Bears discussing 'financing partnership' for new stadiums Facilities Jackson County calls for investigation into possible 'concrete cancer' at Kauffman Stadium Events and Attractions NCAA Tournament growing to 72 or 76 teams 'most likely outcome' of expansion talks Marketing and Sponsorship PWHL, Molson moving player name plates to boost recognition × This Week’s Issue View Weekly Issue View Weekly Issue Agent of record CAA’s Nez Balelo secured Ohtani’s landmark contract, but that’s only part of the agent’s remarkable story. Stand and be counted What Dartmouth basketball’s pending union vote means for college athletics now, and in the future. Fit for a stadium Sporting KC unveils big upgrades to LED displays at Children’s Mercy Park. Marketing wisdom Shripal Shah’s book on AI in sports takes a first look at opportunities, and the need to catch up. latest newsletters Media SBJ Media: Caitlin Clark could lift WNBA Football SBJ Football: NFL execs question union poll Betting SBJ Betting: U.S. handle jumped 30% in 2023 Esports SBJ Esports: NRG pursuing more deals × SBJ Video Media Sports Media Pod: Daniel Jeremiah Morning Buzz SBJ I Factor: Nana-Yaw Asamoah Media Sports Media Pod: Taylor Twellman Media Sports Media Pod: NASCAR's Steve Phelps People and Pop Culture SBJ I Factor: NHL Deputy Commish Bill Daly Media Sports Media Pod: SB LVIII, Swift effect × SPONSORED CONTENT People On The Move Executive Transactions Mets EVP & CRO Jeff Deline to depart from the team Executive Transactions USGA adds five to Executive Committee, re-elects Engelbert Executive Transactions Canada Soccer names Kevin Blue General Secretary and CEO Executive Transactions Bally Sports names Mitesh Mehta SVP/Advertising Sales & Strategic Partnerships Executive Transactions Betr names FanDuel Andrew Winchell Head of Government Affairs Executive Transactions Marlins names Brent Freed Head of Entertainment Bookings × Sports on TV Media 'The Match' hits all-time low on TV Media NASCAR viewership up for Atlanta Media Stadium Series delivers for ABC Media Monday race hurts Daytona 500 on TV Media Audience up 15% for NBA All Star Media NBA local TV ratings buoyed by IST Media Caitlin Clark big again for Fox on TV Media Super Bowl LVIII ranks as second most-watched TV event behind moon landing Media Super Bowl LVIII sets all-time viewership mark × EVENTS 5 March 2024 Tech Week 5 March 2024 SBA Tech Awards 19 March SBJ ALL IN Most Popular Best Places to Work in Sports 2023 Masters set to debut new Map & Flag premium hospitality venue next month Clark's WNBA announcement draws big reaction among sponsors, ticket brokers Seventy-five companies to call home Caitlin Clark adds to sponsor roster with new Gainbridge partnership Quote Of the day Look at a traditional sports network that has a ton of live games, and maybe they'll put on a documentary after and hope people watch it. This is almost the inverse. We've built some great momentum and great viewership for our sports documentaries and [live] is an extension of that. -- Netflix VP/Nonfiction Sports Gabe Spitzer, on the streamer's philosophy when it comes to live sports programming. VARIETY, 3/4. PODCASTS SBJ Morning Buzzcast: March 5, 2024 March 5, 2024 Read More NFL Network’s Daniel Jeremiah, “The Match,” Netflix’s Drive to Survive Engine Issues, and Caitlin Clark Sets Another Record February 28, 2024 On this week’s Sports Media Podcast from the New... Read More On this week’s Sports Media Podcast from the New York Post and Sports Business Journal, SBJ’s Austin Karp is joined by Daniel Jeremiah, NFL Network’s lead draft analyst. The pair talk about a potential move for the NFL Combine, how life lead Jeremiah to this moment and much more Also on the show SBJ’s Josh Carpenter provides insight into “The Match” and its move to Monday night on TNT. Later in the show Leaders in Sports Head of Content David Cushnan and SBJ motorsports writer Adam Stern discuss the upcoming media issues around the start of the F1 season and in Karp’s Corner, we see what the latest record Caitlin Clark helped set. Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices SBJ I Factor: Nana-Yaw Asamoah February 27, 2024 SBJ I Factor features an interview with AMB Sports... Read More SBJ I Factor features an interview with AMB Sports and Entertainment Chief Commercial Office Nana-Yaw Asamoah. Asamoah, who moved over to AMBSE last year after 14 years at the NFL, talks with SBJ’s Ben Fischer about how his role model parents and older sisters pushed him to shrive, how the power of lifelong learning fuels successful people, and why AMBSE was an opportunity he could not pass up. Asamoah is 2021 SBJ Forty Under 40 honoree. SBJ I Factor is a monthly podcast offering interviews with sports executives who have been recipients of one of the magazine’s awards. SBJ TV × Sports Media Podcast February 28 2024 February 27, 2024 Buck on Tepper: ‘Just be above it and go home’ January 3, 2024 Watch Buck defends Fowler’s call of Michigan CFP win January 3, 2024 Watch PROPERTIES You have 1 All Access article remaining 1 All Access article remaining | SUBSCRIBE TODAY You have 1 All Access article remaining this month. Register for a free SBJ account to unlock one extra article per month. CONTINUE Subscribe | Already a subscriber? Log In × If you already have an account, click here to log in. × COMPLETE PROFILE Company Name Job Title Industry Agency Betting Broadcast, Media, Production Charity, Non for Profit College, University Facility, Venue & Stadium Financial Services Gaming, Esports Health, Wellness & Fitness Leisure, Entertainment, Travel & Tourism Manufacturing Professional Services Retail, Food & Bev, FMCG Rights Holder Technology Other Please wait... Please Fill Out Missing Fields SUBMIT If you already have an account, click here to log in. Become an industry insider SUBSCRIBE NOW DAILY Issues March 5 March 4 March 1 February 29 February 28 February 27 February 26 February 23 February 22 February 21 Weekly Issue March 4 February 26 February 19 February 12 February 5 January 29 January 22 January 15 January 8 December 18 Digital Edition Newsletters Betting College Esports Football Marketing Media Power Up Tech Unpacks EDITIONS Morning Buzz Closing Bell Weekend Rap Podcasts/TV All Podcasts Buzzcast Unpacks SBJ TV SBJ Spotlight SBJ I Factor Sports Media ALL TOPICS Media Tech Executive Transactions Marketing International Data Franchises Esports Betting Colleges Facilities Events and Attractions Finance Labor and Agents Leagues Olympics Opinion People and Pop Culture Sports and Society Sponsored Content All Sponsored Content Events Event Calendar 2024 Tech Week 2024 SBA Tech Awards SBJ ALL IN 2024 CAA World Congress of Sports 2024 4se 2024 Sports Business Awards 2024 Brand Innovation Summit 2024 Thought Leaders 2024 Thought Leaders Tech 2024 AXS DRIVE 2024 Game Changers 2024 Leaders Week London 2024 Dealmakers 2024 Media Innovators 2024 New Voices Under 30 2024 Forty Under 40 2024 Intercollegiate Athletics Forum Properties On Campus Newzoo Leaders in Sport Company About Us Staff FAQ Contact Us Advertise Subscribe © 2024 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group. Privacy Policy User Agreement Your Privacy Choices Ad Choices © 2024 Leaders Group. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group. Home | Contact us Already a subscriber? Click below to sign in. Upgrade your subscription to get all the news you need: Adding SBJ weekly content will give you the comprehensive view of sports business with: Award-winning original reporting, with in-depth profiles, timely research and expert opinions on the biggest issues and stories in sports business. 49 print issues delivered to your home or office. Access to easy-to-read digital editions of weekly issues. More than two decades of archival stories, profiles, research and data. Home | Contact us Already a subscriber? Click below to sign in. Upgrade your subscription to get all the news you need: Adding SBJ daily content will give you the comprehensive view of sports business with: Daily updates aggregating the stories and spin from more than 600 outlets across the globe. Timely, daily updates provide the latest developments and news relied upon by industry leaders. The latest personnel hires and promotions, plus exclusive ratings and research from the sports industry. More than two decades of archival stories, profiles, research and data.