Welcome to Ayn Rand Institute - AynRand.org Join us in Anaheim for OCON 2024. Register Newsletter Sign Up Ayn Rand ARI Campus Donate Search for: About Ayn Rand Novels & Works Ideas Journal Students Educators Archives Search for: Ayn Rand About Ayn Rand Novels & Works Ideas Journal Students Educators Archives ARI Campus Newsletter Sign Up Donate Discover Ayn Rand Explore who she was, what she wrote, and what it can mean to you. Intro To ObjectivismAbout Ayn RandFree Books for StudentsAtlas Shrugged Essay ContestAyn Rand University Owner: New York Times Co. | Credit: Getty Images Objectivism: A Philosophy for LIVING ON EARTH “My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute.” — Ayn Rand Throughout this site you’ll find a wealth of material about Ayn Rand’s philosophy and its application in everyday life. There’s a lot to discover. We invite you to explore at your own pace. The best way to learn Objectivism is to read Ayn Rand’s books. Start now by reading Atlas Shrugged: Free copy for students Owner: Ayn Rand Institute | Credit: Luis A. de Jesús Ayn Rand in Her Own Words ON MORALITY, LOVE, SEX and the goal of her fiction “Ethics is not a mystic fantasy — nor a social convention — nor a dispensable, subjective luxury, to be switched or discarded in any emergency. Ethics is an objective, metaphysical necessity of man’s survival — not by the grace of the supernatural nor of your neighbors nor of your whims, but by the grace of reality and the nature of life.” — Ayn Rand, “The Objectivist Ethics,” The Virtue of Selfishness “Love is a response to values. It is with a person’s sense of life that one falls in love — with that essential sum, that fundamental stand or way of facing existence, which is the essence of a personality.” — Ayn Rand, “Philosophy and Sense of Life,” The Romantic Manifesto “No matter what corruption he’s taught about the virtue of selflessness, sex is the most profoundly selfish of all acts, an act which he cannot perform for any motive but his own enjoyment . . . an act which is not possible in self-abasement, only in self-exaltation, only in the confidence of being desired and being worthy of desire.” — Ayn Rand, “The Meaning of Sex,” For the New Intellectual “The motive and purpose of my writing is the projection of an ideal man. The portrayal of a moral ideal, as my ultimate literary goal, as an end in itself — to which any didactic, intellectual or philosophical values contained in a novel are only the means.” — Ayn Rand, “The Goal of My Writing,” The Romantic Manifesto About ARI AynRand.org is the official website of the Ayn Rand Institute (ARI), the source for information on the life, writings and work of novelist-philosopher Ayn Rand. Headquartered in Santa Ana, California, ARI offers educational experiences based on Ayn Rand’s books and ideas for a variety of audiences, including students, educators, policymakers and lifelong learners. ARI also engages in research and advocacy efforts, applying Rand’s ideas to current issues and seeking to promote her philosophical principles of reason, rational self-interest and laissez-faire capitalism. ARI is composed of a dedicated Board of Directors and an energetic staff of more than 35 people. We invite you to explore how Ayn Rand viewed the world – and to consider the distinctive insights offered by ARI’s thought leaders today. Learn More New IDEAL Donate Media Inquiries FAQ Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Ayn Rand Global Ayn Rand Institute eStore Ayn Rand University App STAY IN TOUCH Updates From ARI Copyright © 1985 – 2024 The Ayn Rand Institute (ARI). Reproduction of content and images in whole or in part is prohibited. All rights reserved. ARI is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions to ARI in the United States are tax-exempt to the extent provided by law. Objectivist Conferences (OCON), Ayn Rand Conference (ARC), Ayn Rand University (ARU) and the Ayn Rand Institute eStore are operated by ARI. Payments to OCON, ARC, ARU or the Ayn Rand Institute eStore do not qualify as tax-deductible contributions to the Ayn Rand Institute. AYN RAND, AYN RAND INSTITUTE, ARI, AYN RAND UNIVERSITY and the AYN RAND device are trademarks of the Ayn Rand Institute. All rights reserved.