Make Tech Easier - Computer Tutorials, Tips and Tricks Skip to content Menu Computing Mobile Lifestyle Buying Guides PC Guides Reviews Tech Explained Deals Search Computing Windows Mac Linux ChromeOS Mobile Android iOS Lifestyle Internet Gadgets Productivity Smart Home Social Media Buying Guides PC Guides Gaming Tech Explained Reviews Cheatsheets Deals Sign up for our daily newsletter Subscribe About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us 4 Ways to Scan QR Codes on a Windows PC 10 Things You Must Do When Running an SSD in Windows What Is a Nit of Screen Brightness and How Many Do You Need? What to Do If You've Lost Your Apple TV Remote 11 of the Best Dark Websites Google Won't Let You Find Wi-Fi Not Working in Linux? Here’s How to Fix it Latest Top Drawing Apps For Android In 2024 14 hours ago I Ditched Chrome to Find My New Favorite Browser for 2024 – It’s Arc 17 hours ago How to Place a Password Lock on a File or Folder in Windows 2 days ago Graphics Card Buyer’s Guide 2024: What to Look for When Buying a GPU 3 days ago How to Fix Steam Remote Play Not Working 4 days ago Fitbit Not Charging? 6 Ways to Fix 4 days ago Best AMD Motherboards for Gaming 4 days ago 10 of the Best Steam Games with Remote Play 5 days ago Most Popular / View All The 14 Best Deep Web Search Engines to Find What Google Can’t Omegle Is Closing Down. Here Are the Alternatives For You to Chat with Strangers How to Capture a Scrolling Screenshot in Windows Latest Windows 10 and 11 Update Problems and How to Fix Them How to Use Google Authenticator on a Windows PC 18 Hidden Google Games for You to Play How to Turn a Picture into Wallpaper on Android (And Make It Fit) How to Open a Magnet Link in Any Browser Downloads / View All Ranger File Manager Keyboard Shortcuts VirtualBox Keyboard Shortcuts Microsoft Teams Keyboard Shortcuts Cheatsheet Evince PDF Reader Keyboard Shortcuts Reviews / View All Crystal Clear Sound and Comfort With EMEET AirFlow Earbuds Unique earbuds with impressive call quality and UV sterilization. Audiophiles Get Depth of Sound With Kiwi Ears Orchestra Lite A nice escape from traditional headphones Keep Your Laptop Cooler Than Ever With The llano RGB Laptop Cooling Pad Keeps laptops significantly cooler, even for power users and gamers. GEEKOM IT12 Mini PC Review Great little PC that anyone would love on their desk. Deals / View All Best Router Deals This Week Best Mobile Phone Deals for this Week Small but Mighty GEEKOM A5 Mini PC Can Do It All Best Tablet Deals for this Week Best Robot Vacuum Deals for This Week Intel Nuc 11 PAHi7 Panther Canyon Mini PC: Small in Size, Big in Power Best Desktop Deals for Febraury 2024 Cure the Winter Doldrums with an Echo Pop Kids 6 of the Best Free Online Translators to Translate Foreign Language If you want to translate foreign language text into your native tongue or vice versa, these free online translators will help. By Megan Glosson - 6 days ago How to Check Your FPS in Games on Mac Do your Mac games seem laggy? Learn how to monitor your FPS using built-in and third-party tools to optimize performance. By David Morelo - 6 days ago How to Remove a Virus From Your Computer Without Using an Antivirus Learn how to use Windows’s powerful command line to remove some common viruses that lurk within your file systems. By Miguel Leiva-Gomez - 7 days ago 7 of the Best TikTok Alternatives to Create and Share Videos Looking for a TikTok alternative? If the Chinese app is banned in your country or simply not available, try using these apps instead. By Alexandra Arici - 7 days ago Apple Pay Not Working? Here’s How to Fix it Trying to use Apple Pay but having trouble? Learn how to fix issues with Apple Pay not working via multiple troubleshooting steps. By Crystal Crowder - 7 days ago You’ve Got to Try Voice Notes for Brainstorming in 2024 Using voice memos to brainstorm ideas is quick, and easier than ever thanks to AI-powered apps. Here’s how to get started. By Abhimanyu Ghoshal - 1 week ago How to Use Microsoft Office on Chromebook for Free Want to use your favorite Office apps on your Chromebook? Learn how to use Microsoft Office on a Chromebook for free. By Crystal Crowder - 1 week ago How to Anonymize Your Linux System with Whoami Whoami is a small, yet powerful toolkit that manages some of your system’s security options. Learn how to install and use it in Ubuntu today. By Ramces Red - 1 week ago 10 Best Sticker Packs for WhatsApp Stickers make the conversations fun and engaging. Read our guide to discover the 10 best sticker packs for WhatsApp. By Zainab Falak - 1 week ago Best Anime Streaming Apps to Watch Anime for Free If you’re a fan of the whole anime and manga phenomena, check out our list to learn about the best free anime apps for your mobile device. By Alexandra Arici - 2 weeks ago The Easiest Ways to Build a Personal Website in Under an Hour We tested several website builders that anyone can use to quickly craft a personal site in under an hour. Here are our favorites. By Ryan Gladwin - 2 weeks ago Turn Off OneDrive in Windows If You Don’t Use It This guide shows how to turn off OneDrive on your Windows device, whether uninstalling the app completely or disabling some of its features. By Sayak Boral - 2 weeks ago Older Windows 11 Auto-Upgrading to 23H2 Microsoft announced that any devices still using older versions of Windows 11 will be auto-upgraded to 23h2. By Laura Tucker - 2 weeks ago How to Factory Reset a Mac There are many reasons to factory reset a Mac. This guide covers how to go about it. The good news is that you don’t have to reinstall macOS. By Mark O'Neill - 2 weeks ago 8 of the Best Dating Apps for Mobile Devices Whether you’re looking for a casual encounter or a lasting bond, your smartphone can help you find love. Check out the best dating apps. By Alexandra Arici - 2 weeks ago Samsung Says More AI Coming to Phones and Watches After the Galaxy S24 series, Samsung still has more AI, with plans to introduce more features in phones and even watches. By Laura Tucker - 2 weeks ago How to Create Hidden Filesystems in Linux with Shufflecake Shufflecake is an innovative tool for creating an encrypted and hidden filesystem in Linux. Learn how to setup your own in Ubuntu today. By Ramces Red - 2 weeks ago 4 Tips to Optimize Your Multi-Monitor Setup Want to try a multi-monitor setup, but aren’t sure where to start? Try these optimization tweaks to get the perfect setup for you. By Crystal Crowder - 2 weeks ago Do Not Put Your iPhone in Rice, Says Apple Apple says that you should not put your iPhone in rice if it becomes water damaged. Read on for what it says you should do instead. By Laura Tucker - 2 weeks ago What Is Temu, and Is It Legit? Temu is an online shopping platform gaining a lot of attention lately. But is it worth your time and money? Read this guide to find out. By Zainab Falak - 2 weeks ago MS Paint Not Working on Windows? Try These Fixes Is Microsoft Paint (or MS Paint) not working on your Windows computer? Try these fixes and solutions to open MS Paint once again. By Sayak Boral - 2 weeks ago What Is Bumble? How This Dating App Works What is Bumble and what makes it different from other dating apps? Find out more about Bumble and why it could be a good fit for you. By Crystal Crowder - 2 weeks ago How to Run iOS Apps on an Android Device Want to run iOS apps on Android but aren’t sure where to start? There are a few options. Find out what they are and what to expect. By Crystal Crowder - 2 weeks ago The Best Mobile Games That Come Free With Your Netflix Account Did you know Netflix bundles over 75 mobile games free with your account? We’ve rounded up our top picks across a range of genres. By Paula Beaton - 2 weeks ago How to Reduce Firefox Memory or CPU Usage Is your computer sluggish when using Firefox? This might be caused by a memory leak. This guide shows how to reduce Firefox memory usage. By Alexandra Arici - 2 weeks ago How to Disable IPv6 in Linux While IPv6 is the future of the internet, running it on IPv4-only networks can be an issue. Learn how to disable IPv6 on Linux today. By Ramces Red - 2 weeks ago 8 Tips to Take Better Photos at Night With Your Android Phone You don’t need a DSLR anymore to take great nighttime photos. Check these tips to learn how to take pictures at night with an Android phone. By Alexandra Arici - 3 weeks ago 9 of the Best Phone Number Lookup & People Finder Websites This list includes the best phone number lookup and people finder websites that allow you to find information on anyone. By Sayak Boral - 3 weeks ago How to Add Pagination in WordPress to Replace Prev/Next Navigation When you make a WordPress blog, the default WordPress pagination is Prev/Next. If you would prefer numbers pagination, here are your options. By Mark O'Neill - 3 weeks ago 5 Free AI Apps to Generate Content on iPhone Explore these free AI apps for iPhone that put the power of content generation in your hands, allowing you to create text, images, and more. By David Morelo - 3 weeks ago The Best VR Games Available Right Now Ready to play in a virtual arena? Start your quest with the best VR games, from superhero quests to party games, and everything in between. By Crystal Crowder - 3 weeks ago How to Share Apps with Your Friends on an Android Device You can easily share apps on Android with your friends using multiple methods, such as Nearby Share, messaging apps, and SHAREit. By Sayak Boral - 3 weeks ago Pagination12345678910Next Affiliate Disclosure: Make Tech Easier may earn commission on products purchased through our links, which supports the work we do for our readers. © 2024 Uqnic Network Pte Ltd.All rights reserved. About Contact Advertise Write For Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy RSS Feed Terms Do not share my Personal Information. Showing popular posts Load more You can press Esc to close this search.