Betterment Skip to main content Individuals Employers Advisors Betterment Logo Open menu Investing Automated investing IRAs and 401(k) rollovers Portfolio options Socially responsible investing Crypto investing Historical performance tool Cash High-yield cash account Checking account Rewards Planning Talk to an advisor Retirement planning Track your goals All-in-one dashboard About Who we are Investment philosophy Pricing Press Education Articles Videos Employee resources Help center FAQ See solutions for Individuals Employers Advisors Log in New Customer Offer: Earn up to 5.50% (variable) APY* for 3 months when you open your first cash account with a qualifying deposit. Terms apply. Close Icon An easy way to invest & save We put your money to work so you can take it easy. Build wealth with automated investing, earn more on your cash with variable 4.75% APY*, and grow your retirement with tax-advantaged IRAs. Best OverallRobo Advisor 2024 ★★★★★ 4.7 rating56,800§reviews See full disclosures for award details. Automation to help you build wealth High APY to grow your savings Tax-advantaged IRAs for retirement Jump to Section Please select Automation to help you build wealth High APY to grow your savings Tax-advantaged IRAs for retirement Take the stress out of investing with automation. Get a diversified, expert-built portfolio to help you invest like a pro. We manage your money for you—helping minimize taxes and maximize returns—while you focus on living your life. Curated portfolios, including sustainability, tech, and crypto Automated rebalancing and dividend reinvestment Tax-efficient tools to help boost your after-tax returns Recurring deposits can help keep your money on track Best Portfolio Management 2024 Best Robo-Advisor Overall of 2023 Best Robo Advisor of 2023 Best Overall Robo Advisor 2024 See full disclosures for award details. Put more power behind your savings with 4.75% variable APY.* Don’t let traditional savings accounts keep your money from growing. Our high-yield cash account earns interest at 11x the national average.** No fees or minimum balance Up to $2M FDIC insurance with our program banks † Unlimited withdrawals Transfer cash to investing accounts seamlessly Best for Cash Management 2023 See full disclosures for award details. For Cash Reserve (“CR”), Betterment LLC only receives compensation from our program banks; Betterment LLC and Betterment Securities do not charge fees on your CR balance. Make saving for retirement easy with an IRA. Feel confident saving for retirement with one of our IRAs. Get tax benefits along with our automated technology and full suite of planning tools. Traditional, Roth, and SEP IRAs Rollovers could save you on high fees and hassle Planning tools to help you save for retirement Best for IRAs 2024 Best 401(k) Plans 2024 See full disclosures for award details. I like the different types of accounts offered on Betterment, the high APY and how easy it is to check my accounts on mobile. - Karen G. Non-paid client of Betterment. Views may not be representative, see more reviews at the App Store and Google Play Store. 850,000+ Customers $45 billion+ Assets under management 14+ years In business Want to know how you can make the most of your money? Take our quiz. I'm in school Caret Right Icon I'm working or job hunting Caret Right Icon I'm retired Caret Right Icon Still have questions? How does Betterment work? Caret Down Icon Betterment helps you manage your money through cash management, guided investing, and retirement planning. We are a fiduciary, which means we act in your best interest. We'll ask a bit about you when you sign up. We'll also gather information when you connect your outside accounts. Then, we'll help you set financial goals and set you up with investment portfolios for each goal. For your long-term financial needs (like retirement, next year's vacation, or a down payment), our investment strategy utilizes low-cost ETFs (exchange-traded funds) and an adjustable risk profile based on your goal type and how long you plan to invest. For your daily saving and spending, you can use our cash management products that include Checking (which is offered by nbkc bank, Member FDIC) and Cash Reserve, a high-yield cash account. Will I have access to real humans? Caret Down Icon Customer support team members are available five days per week to answer questions about your account. If you want in-depth financial advice, you can talk to a licensed advisor by phone for an additional cost. Our Premium plan provides you with unlimited access and costs an additional 0.15% on your invested balances (with a minimum account balance requirement of $100,000). We also offer advice packages for needs of all kinds, starting at $299. Is my money safe at Betterment? Caret Down Icon Betterment Securities is a Member of SIPC, which protects securities of its members up to $500K (including $250K for claims for cash). Explanatory brochure available upon request or at www.sipc.org. What you should remember is that the SPIC does not protect against market changes in your investing account. Individual Cash Reserve accounts have FDIC insurance up to $2 million and joint Cash Reserve accounts offer up to $4 million in FDIC insurance once funds are deposited into our program banks†. Funds deposited into Checking are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 for individual accounts and up to $250,000 per depositor for joint accounts, provided by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. Explore further details about FDIC insurance. Who are the experts behind the scenes? Caret Down Icon Our team of investing experts make decisions about our portfolio strategies and fund selection with the help of an external committee of economists, PhDs, and industry experts. More than just a portfolio management team, our experts work to develop improvements to our Tax Smart technology, our cash analysis tools, and other advanced strategies. Triangle illustration Make your money hustle. Want to know how you can make the most of your money? Take our quiz. I'm in school Caret Right Icon I’m working or job hunting Caret Right Icon I'm retired Caret Right Icon Triangle illustration Betterment LLC was selected as the Best Overall Robo Advisor for 2024 by the Buy Side from Wall Street Journal on January 12, 2024. It was considered amongst 20 robo advisors based on a criteria including but not limited to, their fees, investment strategies and investor services, including financial planning, tax-loss harvesting and availability of a premium service, with information from the robo advisors’ websites, augmented conversations with communications personnel, and additional third party reports featuring the robo advisors. No compensation was exchanged for this award. The author is a client of Betterment; views may not be representative, see more reviews at the App Store and Google Play Store. For more information, visit https://www.wsj.com/buyside/personal-finance/best-robo-advisors-01657136733. Betterment LLC received a 5 star rating from Nerdwallet on October 3, 2023 for a review period of August - October 2023. It was considered amongst an unkown number of competitors, and based on 16 factors, including account fees and minimums, investment choices, customer support and mobile app capabilities; Betterment replied to a Nerdwallet questionnaire that was used in the rating of this award. No compensation was exchanged for this award. The author is not a client of Betterment. For more information, visit https://www.nerdwallet.com/reviews/investing/advisors/betterment § App store rating is as of 10.06.2023 and is based upon all ratings and reviews received by Apple App Store® since the Betterment app was launched September 10, 2010. Current rating can be found on Betterment’s App Store and is subject to change. App Store rating is calculated and generated by Apple based on the average of all total app reviews. Count of total ratings and reviews reflects the combined total of App Store rating and Google Play store ratings. No compensation was exchanged for reviews or ratings. Rating may not be representative of the Betterment client experience, advisory services, or investment performance. For more information, see more reviews at the App Store and Google Play Store. Betterment LLC was designated by Bankrate as one of the Best Robo Advisor for 2024 for Portfolio Management on December 13, 2023. It was considered amongst dozens of competitors, based on cost factors, account features, and customer experience and support. Cash compensation was exchanged to secure licensing rights from Bankrate; © 2024 Bankrate, LLC. The author is a non-paid client of Betterment. For more information, visit Bankrate.com. Views may not be representative, see more reviews at the App Store and Google Play Store. Betterment LLC received the Best Robo-Advisor Award from The Ascent, a Motley Fool service on March 7, 2023 for the 2023 calendar year. It was considered amongst an unkown number of competitors based on investing costs, customer service and support, trading platform and mobile app, and investment variety. No compensation was exchanged for this award. This recognition may not be representative of Betterment client experience, advisory services, or investment performance. For more information, visit https://www.fool.com/the-ascent/buying-stocks/best-robo-advisors/betterment-review/. Betterment LLC received the best overall Robo-Advisor Of 2023 from Forbes Advisor on 1/1/2023 for the duration of 2022 It was considered amongst more than 40 robo-advisor products based on customer experience, their portfolios’ overall performance, account minimums, availability of human advisors, financial planning capabilities, level of transparency about potential conflicts of interest, size and tenure, and investment and management costs. Cash compensation was exchanged to secure licensing rights from Forbes; © 2023 Forbes Media LLC. The author is a client of Betterment. See here for more information. Betterment LLC was awarded the Best Robo-advisor Cash Management Account for 2023 by Investopedia on November 3, 2023 for the 2023 calendar year. It was considered amongst 19 competitors based on 57 criteria, including APY rates, services offered, fees, and more. Betterment responded to Investopedia's digital survey and provided a platform demo. No compensation was exchanged for this award; the author is not a client of Betterment. For more information, visit https://www.investopedia.com/best-robo-advisor-cash-management-accounts-for-2023-7975978 Betterment for Business was designated by Bankrate as one of the Best 401(k) Plans of 2024 on January 21, 2024 for 2024 thus far. It was considered amongst an unknown number of competitors, based on cost, types of available plans, customer support, investment funds, and education & advice. No compensation was exchanged for this award. The author is a client of Betterment. For more information, visit https://www.bankrate.com/retirement/best-401k-plans/. Get started Get started on Close Icon Betterment App Download Stay in browser Continue Betterment Logo Icon SVG Footer Accounts Investing Crypto investing IRAs and 401(k) rollovers Roth IRAs High-yield cash account Checking Trusts Investments Portfolio options Socially responsible investing Tax-smart investing Charitable giving 401(k) rollovers Retirement income Tools Retirement planning Track your goals All-in-one dashboard Rewards Refer-a-friend program Help Help center FAQ Talk to an advisor Investment philosophy Article library Legal Company Pricing About us Mobile app How Betterment works Press Betterment shop Careers Betterment on Instagram Betterment on Facebook Betterment on X Betterment on LinkedIn Contact us Betterment 401(k) Betterment for Advisors For Cash Reserve (“CR”), Betterment LLC only receives compensation from our program banks; Betterment LLC and Betterment Securities do not charge fees on your CR balance. * The annual percentage yield ("APY") on the deposit balances in Betterment Cash Reserve ("Cash Reserve") is 4.75% and represents the weighted average of the APY on deposit balances at the banks participating in Cash Reserve (the "Program Banks") and is current as of July 31, 2023. This APY is variable and subject to change daily. Deposit balances are not allocated equally among the participating Program Banks. A minimum deposit of $10 is required, but there is no minimum balance required to be maintained. The APY available to a customer may be lower if that customer designates a bank or banks as ineligible to receive deposits. APY applies only to Cash Reserve and does not apply to checking accounts held through Betterment Checking. Cash Reserve and Betterment Checking are separate offerings and are not linked accounts.See Betterment's Form ADV Part II and Terms and Conditions for additional information, including details on the deposit allocation methodology. ** The national average savings account interest rate is reported by the FDIC (as of July 17, 2023) as the average annual percentage yield (APY) for savings accounts with deposits under $100,000. † Betterment Cash Reserve ("Cash Reserve") is offered by Betterment LLC. Clients of Betterment LLC participate in Cash Reserve through their brokerage account held at Betterment Securities. Neither Betterment LLC nor any of its affiliates is a bank. Through Cash Reserve, clients' funds are deposited into one or more banks ("Program Banks") where the funds earn a variable interest rate and are eligible for FDIC insurance. Cash Reserve provides Betterment clients with the opportunity to earn interest on cash intended to purchase securities through Betterment LLC and Betterment Securities. Cash Reserve should not be viewed as a long-term investment option. Funds held in your brokerage accounts are not FDIC-insured but are protected by SIPC. Funds in transit to or from Program Banks are generally not FDIC-insured but are protected by SIPC, except when those funds are held in a sweep account following a deposit or prior to a withdrawal, at which time funds are eligible for FDIC insurance but are not protected by SIPC. See Betterment Client Agreements for further details. If you participate in Cash Reserve, you authorize Betterment, on a discretionary basis, to direct Betterment Securities as to the allocation of your funds among one or more Program Banks. Deposits at each Program Bank are insured by the FDIC up to $250,000 for each insurable capacity (e.g. individual or joint). In aggregate, funds deposited into Cash Reserve are eligible for up to $2,000,000 (or $4,000,000 for joint accounts) of FDIC insurance once the funds reach one or more Program Banks (up to $250,000 for each insurable capacity—e.g., individual or joint—at up to eight Program Banks). Even if there are more than eight Program Banks, clients will not necessarily have deposits allocated in a manner that will provide FDIC insurance above $2,000,000 (or $4,000,000 for joint accounts). The FDIC calculates the insurance limits based on all accounts held in the same insurable capacity at a bank, not just cash in Cash Reserve. Although certain types of accounts, such as trust accounts may be eligible for additional FDIC insurance based on the number of beneficiaries, funds will be allocated to each Program Bank in such a way that provides up to $250,000 of FDIC insurance for individual accounts, $500,000 of FDIC insurance for joint accounts, and $250,000 of FDIC insurance for trust and other corporate account types, in each case per Program Bank. In the event you maintain an individual or joint Cash Reserve account and are a beneficiary of a Cash Reserve trust account, Betterment does not provide FDIC insurance based on your status as a beneficiary. If clients elect to exclude one or more Program Banks from receiving deposits the amount of FDIC insurance available through Cash Reserve may be lower. Clients are responsible for monitoring their total assets at each Program Bank, including existing deposits held at Program Banks outside of Cash Reserve, to ensure FDIC insurance limits are not exceeded, which could result in some funds being uninsured. For more information on FDIC insurance please visit www.FDIC.gov. Deposits held in Program Banks are not protected by SIPC. For more information see the full terms and conditions and Betterment LLC's Form ADV Part 2. § App store rating is as of 10.06.2023 and is based upon all ratings and reviews received by Apple App Store® since the Betterment app was launched September 10, 2010. Current rating can be found on Betterment’s App Store and is subject to change. App Store rating is calculated and generated by Apple based on the average of all total app reviews. Count of total ratings and reviews reflects the combined total of App Store rating and Google Play store ratings. No compensation was exchanged for reviews or ratings. Rating may not be representative of the Betterment client experience, advisory services, or investment performance. For more information, see more reviews at the App Store and Google Play Store. The reported customer count of 850,000+ is as of Feb. 29, 2024, and is inclusive of checking and investing clients. Betterment's reported assets under management (AUM) of $45+ Billion is as of Feb. 29, 2024. This experience and any marketing of the experience are provided by Betterment LLC. To the extent that there is marketing related to Betterment Checking, it is provided by Betterment Financial LLC. The articles and client support materials available are educational only and not investment or tax advice. We want you to know a few things: Who Provides What Service? Investment Advice: Advisory services for traditional investments (e.g., ETFs) and digital assets are provided by Betterment LLC, an SEC-registered investment adviser. Betterment LLC also offers the Betterment Cash Reserve product. Betterment LLC does not require clients to maintain a minimum investment account balance. However, accounts below a certain balance may have certain restrictions. For more information, please see additional disclosure. Traditional Investment Brokerage Services & Custody: Brokerage services are provided to clients of Betterment LLC by Betterment Securities, an SEC-registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA /SIPC, and Apex Clearing Corporation, a third-party SEC registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. Digital Asset Trading Services & Custody: Digital asset trading services and custody are provided by Gemini Trust Company, LLC. For further details regarding the custody of assets, including cash, held at Gemini Trust Company, please see your Gemini user agreement. Betterment Checking: Betterment Checking is made available through Betterment Financial LLC. Checking accounts and the Betterment Visa Debit Card provided by and issued by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. Neither Betterment LLC nor Betterment Financial LLC, nor any of their affiliates, is a bank. Let’s Talk About Risk: Investing involves risk and there is the potential of losing money when you invest in securities and digital assets. Past performance does not guarantee future results and the likelihood of investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature. Investments in securities and digital assets are: Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value. Furthermore, investing in digital assets is highly speculative and volatile, and only suitable for investors who are able to bear the risk of potential loss and experience sharp drawdowns. Digital assets are not legal tender and are not backed by the U.S. government. Digital assets are not subject to SIPC protections. Before investing, consider your investment objectives and Betterment LLC's fees and expenses. Betterment LLC's internet-based advisory services are designed to assist clients in achieving discrete financial goals. They are not intended to provide comprehensive tax advice or financial planning with respect to every aspect of a client's financial situation and do not incorporate specific investments that clients hold elsewhere. For more details, see Betterment’s Form CRS, Form ADV Part II and other disclosures. Not an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell securities in jurisdictions where Betterment LLC is not registered. Who Provides the Market Data? Market Data by Xignite. Fund data © 2022 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. You are viewing a web property located at Betterment.com. Different properties may be provided by a different entity with different marketing standards. Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Trademark Legal Directory Privacy controls Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. Betterment assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, accuracy, reliability or opinions expressed in a third-party website, to which a published article links (a “linked website”). Such linked websites are not monitored, investigated, or checked for accuracy or completeness by Betterment. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, reliability, timeliness and completeness of any information available on a linked website. All products, services, and content obtained from a linked website are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security, or accuracy. If Betterment has a relationship or affiliation with the author or content, it will note this in additional disclosure. © Betterment. All rights reserved