Tom Muellers Red Shoes - Soul, Funk, Jazz Band, Groovigen Music November 8th.2024 Kottingbrunn Menu Home appearances videos pictures press contact home funky soul jazz The music of the trio around Mastermind Tom Mueller (keys) combines elements of sweaty radio and soul, honest blues and just as much jazz to give the whole an interesting character.The numbers presented come from Tom Mueller - but there are also refined "Not every shoe fits every foot." "Tom Muellers Red Shoes" are on a firm surface with their striking, suitable trademarks - the red shoes - on a firm surfaceOrdinary portion of earthy groove.Arrangements of well -known groovy numbers offered.In any case, there is plenty of variety.The Sager is said to come from an enthusiastic listener: "Hold the flap, because I absolutely need these red shoes." Band Tom Mueller, as a musician, earned Tom Mueller as an organist in the parish church of his hometown, where he from his 14th.The organ played the organ every weekend over a decade.This prevented the great career as a fireman, but the organist is still piercing in him when he plays Hammond organ sounds.Fortunately, the keys on his keyboard appeal to faster than those of the church organ, which makes funky rhythms of Gottlob a little crisp.After various experiences as a keyboardist in various formations and styles, he made his red footwear into his trademark and finally founded his own trio called "Tom Muellers Red Shoes".The sound colors of Tom Mueller on the keys (acoustic piano sounds, funky Hammonds, fat feters rhodes and gentle Wurlitzers sound are varied like the repertoire of the "Red Shoes", as well as sleek clavinet sounds).In this formation, he can let his creativity run free, supported by the virtuosity of both music colleagues Richard (Guit) and Rupert (drums).In addition to his trio, Tom Mueller also plays as Sideman in other bands and can incorporate the various experiences into his trio in other bands.(See "Tom Mueller without" Red Shoes ").Training/lessons at: Kirchen organ, Martin Wallner Klavier, Prof. Ferdinand Weiss Kirchen organ + piano, B. Macheiner Piano, Hans Czebel Hammond Orgel, Gert Prix Jazzklavier, Erwin Schmidt Presses votes: ... In many areas of competent keyboarders Thomas Mueller"Concerto" 3/2015) "... The famous all-round keyboardist Tom Mueller ..." ("Concerto" 4/2017) "... Creative keyboardist Thomas Mueller ..." ("Concerto" 6/2019) Richard Lorenz as his buddy in old ageFor the first time from 12 years, Richard immediately knew an electric guitar: "This is my instrument!" And apart from the fact that he could no longer be stopped from playing the guitar from that point in time.Starting with the first music school bands - which were located in the area of pop/rock/blues - his path led him through a wide variety of music styles.So he even played ska punk and metal for a while and to this day he has a part of several projects of various styles.In addition to the electric guitar, Richard likes to play classic guitar or western guitar at least as much and here too his spectrum ranges from the Renaissance to current, percussive tap and slap numbers.In addition to the Red Shoes, Richard also belongs to the following formations: https://www.kurt.or.at http://www.vocalchoice.at https://www.ziehrharoniker.at Aaron Zehetbauer https: //www.facebook.Com/ Aaronzehetbauermusic/ Rupert Blahous He was seven.A band played at the school festival of the big sister.From then on it was clear which instrument Rupert wanted to play.Restling flute, cello and guitar came in between ... .. and then finally drums - the definitive instrument.Too many bands pave its way to climb over it!TM Red Shoes rocks!Left press/download Publications Impressum contact@tm-redshoes.at feedback backward home