North Carolina State Parks Skip to main content 2024 Annual Passes are now available at the webstore! Not sold online and must be purchased at the park: Seasonal Access Pass (Falls Lake, Jordan Lake and Kerr Lake SRAs) and 4WD Beach Access Annual Pass (Fort Fisher SRA). For the webstore link and to learn more about the Annual Pass program and benefits, click here. An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy. Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu News Camping Events NC.GOV Main menu State Parks State Parks Bob's Creek State Natural Area Carolina Beach State Park Carvers Creek State Park Chimney Rock State Park Cliffs of the Neuse State Park Crowders Mountain State Park Dismal Swamp State Park Elk Knob State Park Eno River State Park Falls Lake State Recreation Area Fort Fisher State Recreation Area Fort Macon State Park Goose Creek State Park Gorges State Park Grandfather Mountain State Park Hammocks Beach State Park Hanging Rock State Park Haw River State Park Jockey's Ridge State Park Jones Lake State Park Jordan Lake State Recreation Area Kerr Lake State Recreation Area Lake James State Park Lake Norman State Park Lake Waccamaw State Park Lumber River State Park Mayo River State Park Medoc Mountain State Park Merchants Millpond State Park Morrow Mountain State Park Mount Jefferson State Natural Area Mount Mitchell State Park New River State Park Occoneechee Mountain State Natural Area Pettigrew State Park Pilot Mountain State Park Pisgah View State Park Raven Rock State Park Rendezvous Mountain Singletary Lake State Park South Mountains State Park Stone Mountain State Park Weymouth Woods Sandhills Nature Preserve William B Umstead State Park Conservation Conservation About Our Conservation Work Park Safety and Respect Volunteer Natural Resources Inventory Database Planning Recreation Recreation 100-Mile Challenge About Our Recreation Work Accessibility Camping Education Education About Our Education Work Black History at North Carolina State Parks Field Trips Junior Ranger Program NC Culture Kids Nature at Home Passport Program Year of the Bear (2024) About Us About Us Grants Jobs Newsroom Park Rules Permits Fees Webstore Organization Structure Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Access Contact Information Send Us a Message Utility Menu News Camping Events NC.GOV Search Popular Topics Reserve a Campsite Host an Event at the Park Buy an Annual Pass Purchase from the Webstore Find a Job Volunteer Home About the Interactive Map Viewing this map on a desktop or laptop allows for the best experience. Hover over the symbols on the map to show the name of the park and click to go to that park's home page. When hovering over the map, a toolbar will appear on the top left that will allow for zooming in and out via the plus and minus sign. Click the home icon or revert on the toolbar to return to the original view. For desktops and laptops, view the map in a new window: Full-screen view For mobile or tablet users, please rotate the device horizontally to view in landscape mode for a better map experience, or use the main menu bar to access the park pages. Hover, pan, and zoom controls are not available on mobile or tablet view. You can also use the interactive Google map: Google Map Column Paragraph SVG Use the Park Catalog Filter the parks list based on camping options, available facilities, and what activities are available at each park. Visiting State Parks SVG Fees Most North Carolina state parks are free to access. Entrance fees are charged at the Chimney Rock attraction and during peak season at Falls Lake, Jordan Lake, and Kerr Lake state recreation areas. Fees are charged for camping, facility reservations, swim passes, rentals, and permits. SVG Pets Pets are welcome at all North Carolina state parks and campgrounds. Pets must be on an attended leash of no longer than 6 feet at all times. They are not permitted at swim areas and inside buildings. Please pick up after your pet and properly dispose of waste in trash bins. SVG Children There are plenty of things to do for families at state parks. Help foster a love for nature and the outdoors at an early age by engaging the young ones in your life in a day of fun and activities. SVG Accessibility We are committed to ensuring that people with disabilities have equal opportunity to benefit from our facilities, programs, services, and activities whether they are indoors or outdoors. Park Events Column Paragraph View Embed 7 Mar Jockeys Ridge State Park Soundside Nature Trail Hike 9 Mar Merchants Millpond State Park Mammals of Merchants Millpond 9 Mar Jones Lake State Park Bears 9 Mar Carvers Creek State Park History Hike Column Paragraph View Embed 1 Jan ... Various State Parks Year of the Bear Events 17 Mar Carvers Creek State Park Volunteer Day 29 Mar ... Various State Parks Events During Easter Weekend 22 Apr Various State Parks Events on Earth Day List of all park events Quick Links SVG Newsroom SVG ReserveAmerica SVG Gift Cards NC Trails NC 100-Mile Challenge Junior Ranger Naturally Wonderful The North Carolina Division of Parks and Recreation manages over 250,000 acres of iconic landscape across our state in our parks, recreation areas, and natural areas, with a mission dedicated to conservation, recreation, and education. The state parks system welcomes more than 19 million visitors annually. Across North Carolina, state park staff are proud of our parks and are eager to welcome you and your family. Come to our parks to marvel at our state's most beautiful natural resources, enjoy your favorite outdoor activities, and learn about the rich science, culture, and history that make our parks great. Our Mission We exist to inspire all its citizens and visitors through conservation, recreation, and education. Conservation To conserve and protect representative examples of North Carolina's natural beauty, ecological features, recreational and cultural resources within the state parks system Recreation To provide and promote safe, healthy, and enjoyable outdoor recreation opportunities throughout the state Education To provide educational opportunities that promote stewardship of the state's natural and cultural heritage Grants Parks and Recreation Trust Fund Land and Water Conservation Fund Accessibility for Parks Grant Outdoor Recreation Legacy Partnership Program Recreational Trails Program Grants Complete the Trails Fund North Carolina Friends of State Parks Friends of State Parks is a nonprofit citizen organization supporting, promoting, and advocating for the North Carolina State Parks system as a whole. The group helps provide funding for Junior Ranger and Youth in Parks – Environmental Education programs, as well as grants for state parks projects. North Carolina Department of Natural and Cultural Resources The Division is part of DNCR, the state agency that oversees the state's resources for the arts, history, library, and nature – encompassing so much of the very best things about North Carolina, literally from A to Z, Arts to the Zoo and so much more! Camping and facility reservations ReserveAmerica website or call 1-877-722-6762 Quick links Fees Park Rules Find a Park Jobs Volunteer Newsroom Webstore NC Trails Website Contact a Park Send a message List of park phone numbers and email addresses Raleigh Office For general information, please call (919) 707-9300 or click here to email us. For media inquiries, click here to email the Public Information Officer. Address Nature Research Center, 2nd floor121 W. Jones St.Raleigh, NC 27601 Open weekdays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mailing Address 1615 Mail Service CenterRaleigh, NC 27699-1615 Follow Us Network Menu nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer & Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons