Home - Miss USA Miss Teen USA Miss Universe 0 Items Home About Press Miss USA Noelia Voigt Media Inquiry APPEARANCE REQUEST Former Winners Charitable Alliances History Apply 2023 Results 2023 Contestants Select Page MISS USA 2023 Noelia Voigt CongratulationsMISS USA 2023 Noelia Voigt MISS UTAH USA NOELIA VOIGT CROWNED MISS USA 2023 AT THE 72nd MISS USA PAGEANT by Miss USA | Sep 29, 2023 | PressReno. NV. – September 29, 2023 – Tonight, Miss Utah USA Noelia Voigt achieved the title of Miss USA at the 72nd MISS USA PAGEANT, a live broadcast that aired on The CW. This captivating event took place at the Grand Sierra Resort and Casino's Grand Theatre in Reno Tahoe, with a live broadcast at 8 PM EST/PST. The competition showcased 51 accomplished women, each representing one of the 50 states as well as the District of Columbia. After a week-long visit to Reno, NV, during which delegates competed in various segments including Interviews, Swim Competition, Evening Gown, Final Question, and Final Look, the annual event concluded with Morgan Romano crowning Noelia Voight as her successor, who is now Miss USA Miss Utah USA. The Miss USA pageant was hosted by Keltie Knight and Adrienne... read more MISS USA 2023 NOELIA VOIGT Read Full Bio Press MAKE AN IMPACT Represent your community and have the opportunity to make a life-changing impact! Are your sights set on the stars? Well get ready for more than you could ever dream of, all wrapped up in the life-changing experience that is Miss USA. Step onto the stage that can pave the way for the rest of your life as 51 women from across the nation vie for the ultimate title of Miss USA. This is the coveted crown that inspires young women to claim their beauty and voice! MISS USA 2023 NOELIA VOIGT OUR INITIATIVES Beyond the red carpet glamour and luxurious prize package, the platform of Miss USA is synonymous with giving back. Charity and community engagement are at the core of all that we do, so get ready to meet the people that make our work truly profound. From exciting fund-raising events, to heart-warming visits, and adventures in awareness, at Miss USA, each of our initiatives matter. Learn More When I was crowned Miss Georgia USA, I never expected to immerse myself in the work, and the uncertainty, I encountered during my reign. Yet through all of it, I truly feel I came out a stronger, more intelligent, and appreciative woman. I grew steadfast in my convictions and expanded my network, including friends and mentors, that has since led to wonderful job opportunities! My crown allowed me to share my passions and expand on my initiative, #RiseUp: Impact Through the Arts. Although I didn’t win THE crown of Miss USA, I can’t say I lost in anyway as a person. My journey is just beginning, and I have the Miss USA Organization to thank for the bountiful opportunities that continue to present themselves to me and allow me to further grow into the woman I aim to be. Alyssa Beasley | Miss Georgia USA 2020 Miss USA gave me community, strength, and a beautiful goal to work towards during a pandemic year. I am grateful for the friendships I made throughout this wonderful experience; so much so that my Miss Missouri USA, Miss Nebraska USA, and Miss Tennessee USA will be my bridesmaids this December! Competing in the Miss USA Organization has been one of the absolute best finishing schools for me. There is no better place to learn how to present yourself, hone in your interview skills, and learn to develop your brand. This competition has helped me grow my confidence and find my true voice. The key is to surround yourself with incredible people and get outside of your comfort zone; it is only then you can truly find your full potential. This is what my experience at Miss USA has done for me. Monique Evans | Miss Florida USA 2020 Being Miss North Carolina USA has pushed me out of my comfort zone and connected me with incredible people across North Carolina. It has given me opportunities to make an impact by working with different charitable organizations. It’s a once in a lifetime experience and something I will always be Jane Axhoj | Miss North Carolina USA 2020 SPONSORS Crown provided by Mouawad mouawad.com Opening number provided by Portia and Scarletteportiaandscarlett.com Swimwear provided by Ema Savahlemasavahl.com Shoes provided by Diverse Style by Sydni Diondiversestylebysydnidion.com Visit Reno Tahoe Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Press Inquiries Voting Rules FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow VVV Global Ent dba Miss USA Organization 1343 Main St. Suite 502B Sarasota, Florida, 34236 Website by BUILD A BETTER WEBSITE LLC Copyright ©2024 Miss USA