University of Mississippi | Ole Miss Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Search Academics Program Listing Colleges & Schools Special Programs Faculty Study Abroad Academic Resources & Support Admissions Why the University of Mississippi? Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visit Campus Request Information Student Life Living on Campus Oxford, Mississippi Student Involvement Student Support & Resources Campus Recreation Regional Campuses International Student Experience Campus Facilities Research Our Impact Research Centers & Institutes Faculty Research Initiatives Who We Are The Ole Miss Community Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Campus Culture & Traditions Past, Present, & Future Community Engagement Mission & Vision Athletics Varsity Athletics Gamedays in the Grove What is Hotty Toddy? Athletic & Recreation Facilities Information For Information For Admitted Students Current Students Employees Alumni Parents & Families Visitors Oxford Community Regional Campuses Regional Campuses DeSoto Tupelo Booneville Grenada Rankin UM Medical Center Key Links Offices, Departments & Centers Faculty & Staff News Events Give Student Email Employee Email myOleMiss Blackboard University of Mississippi — Ole Miss. Uncover boundless opportunities at the University of Mississippi – a time-honored institution where academic excellence, vibrant campus life, and a rich tradition of success are a way of life. Start your future at Ole Miss today. Build your Legacy No matter what you want to do or where you want to go, the University of Mississippi can make it happen. In the Grove and Around Oxford Live the Moment and Be the Future In the Field and On the Field On the Job and In the Classroom In the Grove and Around Oxford In the Grove Experience the premier tailgating spot in college football — Every fall, Ole Miss shows why the Grove is the envy of the nation. Fans descend on Oxford to support their Rebels and enjoy a weekend of fun and football. Gamedays in the Grove Around Oxford From the thriving food and arts scene to the idyllic town square, come and see why ESPN called Oxford “America’s Best College Town.” Explore Oxford Live the Moment and Be the Future Live the Moment Our vibrant student community revolves around a vast array of extracurricular activites. Explore Life as a UM Student Be the Future Our alumni are helping move Ole Miss forward. Alumni Stories In the Field and On the Field In the Field We conduct research that improves lives in Mississippi and far beyond. More about Research On the Field Ole Miss is the place for sports. We compete at the highest level of college athletics and are winning championships. Experience Athletics On the Job and In the Classroom On the Job Get a headstart on your career — we'll connect you with internships that will give you a professional advantage. More About Research In the Classroom Faculty who challenge you intellectually while rooting for you to succeed — now that's how it should be. Find a Program Getting It Done At the University of Mississippi, we’re transforming lives every day — by championing discovery, cultivating diversity, and engaging positively with the world around us. Apply to Ole Miss Academics and Programs Undergraduate and First Year Students We've got more than 90 majors to choose from on your way to a bachelor's degree. Undecided? Let our Freshman Studies program guide your way. Explore Our Majors Freshman Studies Graduate Students Harness the opportunity of an R1 research institution to work with expert faculty — in the classroom, lab, field, or wherever your questions take you. Graduate Admissions Research Graduate Programs Special Programs for Undergraduates Want to tailor your degree to your interests? Or ready to finish what you started? We've got programs that put you in control of your undergraduate experience. Supplemental application due January 10, 2024. Special Programs Get Involved There's a lot happening on the Ole Miss campus. Whether you're looking to make a difference or have some fun, there's so many ways to stay engaged. Study Abroad Future Students Are You Ready? Visit Campus Request Information Apply to the University Apply for Housing Our Community Find Your Info Parents & Families Visitors Admitted Students Current Students Oxford Community Faculty and Staff Alumni Got a Question? Ask Away! If you're interested in joining us at the University of Mississippi, then we can't wait to meet you. We've got students from all corners of campus ready to say hello and answer your questions. Connect With a Student Will Jones Service and Community Engagement Student Publications Asked by Ryan Why is your department a special place? See Will’s Answer Abigail Green Service and Community Engagement Student Athlete Asked by Amy Why is Ole Miss a special place? See Abigail’s Answer Donovan Gordon Greek Life Student Government Asked by Andrew What has been your most memorable experience while at Ole Miss? See Donovan’s Answer Azurrea Curry Greek Life Orientation Student Activities Association Service and Community Engagement Asked by Patrick Why did you choose to attend Ole Miss? See Azurrea’s Answer Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. Did You Know? 450+ student organizations 91% share of Ole Miss grads working 10 years after graduation (Source: Zippia) Our Impact Whether it's our students, faculty, staff, or alumni, we're making waves in the world. Stay up to date with the latest news from Ole Miss. All News Honors & Awards Inaugural Stamps Impact Prize Winners Named OXFORD, Miss. – Administrators of the Stamps Impact Prize, a new competitive award program at the University of Mississippi to support undergraduate-initiated, faculty-mentored research and creative achievement projects, have announced its 13 inaugural recipients. Faculty News / Honors & Awards Historical Society Honors Longtime Faculty Member, Scholar Philanthropy / Student Life / Community / Events Annual RebelTHON Breaks Record Faculty News Russia’s Nuclear Activity Concerning, Space Law Professor Says Welcome to Oxford, Mississippi Looking for arts and culture? Seeking the charm of a classic college town? We've got it all right here. Explore Oxford A student waits to be called for the annual Ole Miss Band group photo. Ole Miss fans cheer for a military family that is reunited. Way down south in Mississippi, there's a spot that ever calls. Hotty Toddy What is Hotty Toddy? It's the best way to describe what it feels like to play or cheer for Ole Miss. Ole Miss Athletics Featured Game Baseball Mar 05 vs. Memphis Get your tickets Featured Score Women's Basketball Ole Miss 87 Arkansas 43 Game recap Take The Next Steps Visit Campus Request Information Apply Academics Admissions Student Life Research Who We Are Athletics Office Directory Employee Directory News Events Give University, MS 38677 USA 662-915-7211 Map and Parking Social Media Links Facebook Twitter Instagram myOleMiss Blackboard Student Email Employee Email Careers Bookstore Information for Admitted Students Current Students Employees Alumni Parents & Families Visitors Oxford Community Regional Campuses DeSoto Tupelo Booneville Grenada Rankin UM Medical Center Copyright © 2024 The University of Mississippi. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy EEO Statement Accessibility Ethics Line