Landsat Science Toggle navigation SearchSearchRecent PostsLandsat Outreach: Denver Edition Landsat Outreach at the 2024 American Meteorological Society Meeting Landsat 2023 – A Year in Review Leveraging the Synergistic Power of Landsat and GEDI Data to Support Sustainable Forest Management OpenET Study Helps Water Managers and Farmers Put Landsat to Work Recent CommentsNo comments to show. Landsat Science Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources Menu Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources Search Search Close this search box. Landsat Science Search Search Close this search box. Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources Menu Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources Landsat Science Search Search Close this search box. Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources Menu Satellites Landsat Next Landsat 9 Landsat 8 Landsat 7 Landsat 6 Landsat 5 Landsat 4 Landsat 3 Landsat 2 Landsat 1 Timeline History News Quotes to Note People of Landsat Social Media Publications Data Data Access Data Use Handbooks & Guides Open Science & Data Benefits Case Studies & eBooks Agriculture & Food Security Climate & Carbon Disaster Management Ecosystems & Biodiversity Energy Resources Forest Management Human Health & Environmental Justice Rangeland Management Urban Development Water Resources Wildland Fires Multimedia Galleries Graphics Library Videos Outreach Camp Landsat Games, Activities & Stories Print Products STELLA: DIY Handheld Instruments Learning Resources 50 Years of Landsat Science “If you really want a long history of understanding any process on Earth, Landsat is where you should go.” -Tasso Azevedo, MapBiomas Initiative Landsat 9 Data Benefits 50 Years of Landsat Science “If you really want a long history of understanding any process on Earth, Landsat is where you should go.” -Tasso Azevedo, MapBiomas Initiative Landsat 9 Data Benefits 50 Years of Landsat Science “If you really want a long history of understanding any process on Earth, Landsat is where you should go.” -Tasso Azevedo, MapBiomas Initiative Landsat 9 Data Benefits Landsat Next Defined June 29, 2023 Landsat Next is on the horizon—the new mission will not only ensure continuity of the longest space-based record of Earth’s land surface, it will fundamentally transform the breadth and depth of actionable information freely available to end users. Take a look at the new capabilities that will define the next Landsat mission. Read More » Landsat 2023 – A Year in Review February 13, 2024 A delve into Landsat-based studies revealing the environmental impact of river mining, the decline in global lake water levels, and the risks of rising sea levels on coastal habitats. Plus, a sneak peek at what the future of the Landsat program holds with the introduction of Landsat Next. Read More » Leveraging the Synergistic Power of Landsat and GEDI Data to Support Sustainable Forest Management February 13, 2024 By fusing multispectral Landsat data with forest structure products from the GEDI mission, researchers and scientists have unlocked a deeper understanding of complex forest processes and dynamics and empowered land managers and policymakers to manage forests with greater effectiveness and sustainability. Read More » OpenET Study Helps Water Managers and Farmers Put Landsat to Work February 1, 2024 As the world looks for sustainable solutions, a system tapping into Landsat data for water management has passed a critical test. Read More » Landsat Next Defined June 29, 2023 Landsat Next is on the horizon—the new mission will not only ensure continuity of the longest space-based record of Earth’s land surface, it will fundamentally transform the breadth and depth of actionable information freely available to end users. Take a look at the new capabilities that will define the next Landsat mission. Read More » Landsat 2023 – A Year in Review February 13, 2024 A delve into Landsat-based studies revealing the environmental impact of river mining, the decline in global lake water levels, and the risks of rising sea levels on coastal habitats. Plus, a sneak peek at what the future of the Landsat program holds with the introduction of Landsat Next. Read More » Leveraging the Synergistic Power of Landsat and GEDI Data to Support Sustainable Forest Management February 13, 2024 By fusing multispectral Landsat data with forest structure products from the GEDI mission, researchers and scientists have unlocked a deeper understanding of complex forest processes and dynamics and empowered land managers and policymakers to manage forests with greater effectiveness and sustainability. Read More » OpenET Study Helps Water Managers and Farmers Put Landsat to Work February 1, 2024 As the world looks for sustainable solutions, a system tapping into Landsat data for water management has passed a critical test. Read More » Amazon Forest Fires Rage in Roraima March 1, 2024 Amazon Forest Fires Rage in Roraima March 1, 2024 An Oasis of Green in Senegal March 1, 2024 “As a researcher with a limited budget, using the Landsat data for free made this project possible. The global geographic range together with free availability ensures that our study could potentially be repeated in other countries.” — Kristine Engemann, Department of Bioscience at Aarhus University in Denmark , May 22, 2019 + more quotes “One of the most powerful capabilities we can offer is a continuous global view of our planet. Without the observations of land, precipitation, the atmosphere, and our oceans, we would be flying blind in terms of what trends have been and how we can improve of our models for the future.” — Dalia Kirschbaum, Hydrological Sciences Lab Chief at NASA Goddard , Apr 22, 2022 + more quotes “Many of our customers’ work couldn’t be done without Landsat.” — Jed Sundwall , Mar 19, 2015 + more quotes “There is no satellite record that has the temporal reach of Landsat. While new satellite- and aircraft-based sensors are coming online with sub-meter resolution offering more and more spectral bands, none of them allow the types of temporal investigation that the combined generations of Landsat offer.” — Dr. Zachary Brecheisen, post-doctoral research associate at Purdue University , Dec 10, 2019 + more quotes “We need to drive towards building sustainable cities and human settlements, and this depends on how well we measure these areas and how well we can predict the growth in all these cities in the future. I believe Earth observation and geospatial technologies give us the tools needed in order for us to grow in this direction.” — Robert Ndugwa, Chief of Data & Analytics, UN-Habitat , Nov 11, 2021 + more quotes “Landsat satellite data are the most important source we have about how much deforestation happens each year across the Amazon.” — Doug Morton, Chief of the Biospheric Sciences Lab at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center , Apr 19, 2021 + more quotes “Landsat is key to a wide range of applications that support global glacier monitoring and elucidate the impacts of global climate change.” — Frank Paul, glaciologist , Nov 27, 2015 + more quotes “The availability and accessibility of remotely sensed digital imagery obtained from Landsat satellites allow coastal scientist—and more importantly community members—the opportunity to map, evaluate and continuously monitor shoreline movement at regular intervals given the unprecedented pace of Arctic climate change.” — Dr. Ravi Darwin Sankar, geologist with the Arctic Institute of North America & the University of Calgary in Canada , Dec 12, 2019 + more quotes “Satellite data is revolutionizing the way we map the world and the way we understand the natural and anthropogenic processes acting on Earth.” — Rory Quinn, marine geoscientist, maritime archaeologist, and Landsat data user , Jul 18, 2016 + more quotes ““When the first images appeared, people would talk about the folds in the Appalachian Mountains. There had been textbooks written that described the processes that lead to those formations. For the first time it was possible to observe from great height what people had been talking about for hundreds of years.” — Dr. Jim Irons, Landsat 8 Project Scientist , Mar 1, 2014 + more quotes “The Landsat satellite series has proven to be a perfect match to the needs of modern irrigated agriculture and water resources management.” — Dr. Rick Allen, Professor of Water Resources Engineering , Nov 11, 2014 + more quotes “With the full Landsat record available, we can finally look at really big problems, like the global carbon cycle.” — Jeff Masek , Mar 26, 2015 + more quotes “OpenET is working to make the unseen process of evapotranspiration as easy to track as checking the amount of rainfall in the daily weather forecast.” — Forrest Melton, OpenET Project Scientist, NASA’s Ames Research Center , Feb 1, 2024 + more quotes “We have brought it from the brink of death and back to life so many times over the last seven years. It’s just amazing what our flight operations team and our engineers are able to do with that spacecraft. It’s the oldest spacecraft of its type still functioning. We’ve certainly gotten our money’s worth out of it.” — Kristi Kline, Landsat program manager at the USGS Earth Resources Science and Observation Center , Jan 13, 2010 + more quotes “Landsat 8 global ice mapping is enabled by its better data acquisition rate.” — Ted Scambos, NSIDC, on Landsat 8 global ice flow mapping , Jul 8, 2015 + more quotes “At Google, we use Landsat data on a daily basis.” — Chris Herwig, Google Earth and Earth Engine , Jul 28, 2017 + more quotes “When we showed historical Landsat and more recent high resolution images to communities and shared our analysis, people realized what they’d lost over time and wanted to engage in conversations about how to bring the forests back.” — Lilian Pintea, VP of conservation science, Jane Goodall Institute , Sep 29, 2015 + more quotes “During the decade following 1969, a singular development catapulted computer mapping: the launch of Landsat by NASA and the U.S. Department of the Interior in July 1972.” — Joe Francica , Dec 31, 2018 + more quotes “By unleashing the power of our vast and open data resources, the Climate Data Initiative helps spark private sector innovation and will leverage resources for those on the front lines who are dealing with climate change. We are pooling into one place data from across the federal government to make it more accessible to the public and we hope our efforts will inspire other countries to follow suit.” — Sally Jewell, Secretary of the Interior , Dec 9, 2014 + more quotes “Our research would not have been possible if it weren’t for decades of reliable Landsat data to help us look back in time. We hope these findings will encourage people to not only mitigate the effects of increased wildfire activity, but also to limit emissions and curb global warming.” — Mohammad Reza Alizadeh, lead author, McGill University , Sep 2, 2021 + more quotes “Satellites like those in the the Landsat program – which celebrates its 50th anniversary on July 23, 2022 – have become crucial for pinpointing urban risks so cities can prepare for and respond to extreme heat, a top weather-related killer.” — Daniel P. Johnson, Associate Professor of Geography, IUPUI , Jun 14, 2022 + more quotes “Dai Yamazaki, a hydrodynamic engineer at the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology, calls the new [Landsat-based] imagery collection the best understanding yet of Earth’s changing surface water.” — High-Resolution Satellite Images Capture Stunning View of Earth's Changing Waters , Dec 9, 2016 + more quotes “[The Landsat MSS sensor] transformed expectations of how we can know the Earth.” — Deborah Popper, Vice President of the American Geographical Society , Dec 29, 2022 + more quotes “The economic and scientific benefits to the United States of Landsat imagery far exceed the investment in the system.” — National Research Council , Aug 20, 2013 + more quotes ABOUT LANDSAT The NASA/USGS Landsat Program provides the longest continuous space-based record of Earth’s land in existence. Landsat data give us information essential for making informed decisions about Earth’s resources and environment. NASA Official: Chris NeighWebmaster: Michael P. TaylorCurators: Landsat Science Outreach Team Privacy Policy & Important Notices Publications | Contact Us NASA Official: Chris NeighWebmaster: Michael P. TaylorCurators: Landsat Science Outreach Team Privacy Policy & Important Notices Publications | Contact Us NASA Official: Chris Neigh Webmaster: Michael P. Taylor Curators: Landsat Science Outreach Team Privacy Policy & Important Notices Publications | Contact Us