NIWA | Climate, Freshwater & Marine Science Jump to Navigation Skip to main content NIWA Climate, Freshwater & Marine Science MenuMain navigation ScienceAquaculture Atmosphere Climate Coasts and Estuaries Environmental Information Fisheries Freshwater Natural Hazards Oceans Vessels Pacific Rim Te Kūwaha Antarctica ServicesOnline services Weather and climate forecasting Climate change adaptation Instruments Primary sector High Performance Computing Facility Software tools Stable Isotope Analytical Facility Vessels Air quality monitoring with low-cost sensors News & publicationsMedia centre News Publications Photo gallery Library Videos Blogs Value of Crown Research Institutes Education & trainingEducational Resources Internships Science and Technology Fairs Te Kūwaha Graduate Programme Te Piko o te Māhuri Tertiary institutions we work with Post-Doctoral Fellowships Scholarships Training coursesOther training courses NIWA can offer About usOur company Our mission Our people Statement of Core Purpose Statement of Corporate Intent Our partners & funders Annual reports Careers at NIWA Organisational sustainability charter NIWA and Kia Toipoto – Closing Gender and Ethnic Pay Gaps Working with Animals at NIWA Contact usAuckland - Head Office Bream Bay Christchurch Dunedin Greymouth Hamilton Lauder Napier Nelson Rotorua Twizel Wellington Whanganui Careers Enter your keywords NIWA Increase in toxic algae in our waters this summer27 February 2024Scientists are seeing more toxic algae in our lakes and rivers compared to previous years, says NIWA. LakesRiversFreshwater Read all news releases... Scientists counting down to MethaneSAT satellite launchNIWA scientists leading Aotearoa New Zealand’s MethaneSAT agricultural emissions science programme are gearing up for the launch of its satellite in coming weeks. 16 February 2024Greenhouse and trace gasesSatellite remote sensing Read all news releases... Expedition to uncover secrets of New Zealand's unexplored Bounty TroughAn expedition to discover new species in one of the most remote parts of the deep ocean is departing from Wellington today.8 February 2024Oceans Read all news releases... Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram+ RSS Popular services and publications UV index Tide forecaster Cam-era NiwaWeather Seasonal Climate Outlook Our services More top stories 25 January 2024Media Release Warm oceans behind our hot, humid weather A strong marine heatwave is contributing to New Zealand’s unusually hot weather 21 December 2023Media Release Hot stuff for 2023 and Christmas forecast2023 is tracking to be one of the top three hottest years on record for Aotearoa New Zealand. 20 December 2023Media Release Boat ramp surveys boost knowledge of recreational fisheryNIWA may be coming to a boat ramp near you to learn more about the recreational fishing catch in New Zealand. 1 December 2023Media Release Comprehensive eruption study highlights need for further workA new study has comprehensively mapped the immediate after effects of the January 2022 eruption of Hunga Tonga - Hunga Ha’apai, highlighting the risks of similar events. Read all news releases... Read all news releases... Play our new online game! Alongside new education resources that help teachers and students to work through NIWA’s Climate Change Adaptation Toolbox, the game helps players identify what’s important to them, assess climate risk and resilience, and explore adaptation options. Play My Coastal Futures now Features Tonga eruption and tsunami shock the world Video of Tonga eruption and tsunami shock the world 18 May 2023Tsunamis and shockwaves hit continents on the other side of the Pacific. The Hunga-Tonga Hunga-Ha'apai (HT-HH) volcano was like a massive shotgun blast from the deep, generating the biggest atmospheric explosion recorded on Earth in more than 100 years. Funded by The Nippon Foundation, NIWA and SEA-KIT surveyed over 22,000km2 surrounding the volcano, including mapping 14,000km2 of previously unmapped seafloor as part of The Nippon Foundation GEBCO Seabed 2030 project. Find out more: https://niwa.co.nz/news/tonga-eruption-confirmed-as-largest-ever-recorded Bridging the forecasting gap Bridging the forecasting gap15 December 2022Improvements in data and climate science mean forecasters are able to predict patterns much further ahead and in far greater detail. Melissa Bray looks at what this may mean for farmers. Making big waves in the Pacific Making big waves in the Pacific15 December 2022Prior to 15 January, Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai was a little-known undersea South Pacific volcano with a long name. Within 24 hours, it was a global phenomenon – the site of the largest atmospheric explosion in almost 150 years. Jessica Rowley looks at why a remote Tongan volcano took the world by storm. Preparing coastal communities for change Preparing coastal communities for change15 December 2022Our coastline is changing as sea levels rise. Lawrence Gullery looks at a five-year research programme designed to help communities with tough decisions ahead. NIWA Copyright, NIWA. All rights reservedPrivacy Policy National science centres Aquaculture Atmosphere Climate Coasts and Estuaries Environmental Information Fisheries Freshwater Natural Hazards Oceans Pacific Rim Te Kūwaha Vessels Useful Links Careers with NIWA Contact us Staff login Staff search Search Contact Free phone within New Zealand: 0800 RING NIWA (0800 746 464) Contact details