Homepage | Chattanooga Times Free Press Skip to content Open sections menu Sections News Local Photo Galleries Obituaries Archives National/ International Health Sports Main Preps Sports Betting College Outdoors Pro Columns NFL MLB/Lookouts Nascar Golf Opinion Main Local Columnists Free Press Opinion Page Times Opinion Page Letters to the Editors Cartoons Rants Business Main Local Business Best of the Best Edge Magazine Politics Main Region Elections Features Life What to Eat Next Faith and Religion Chatter Magazine Get Out Magazine ChattanoogaNow Events Submit an event Special Projects Main Digital Publications Classifieds Jobs Homes Legal Notices Classifieds Tennessee Public Notices Open user options menu Manage Subscription Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Today's Paper Local News Puzzles Contact Us Things To Do Core Values What to Eat Next Newsletters Legal Notices Obituaries Advertisement Advertisement Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump are poised to move much closer to winning their party's nominations during the biggest day of the primary… by WILL WEISSERT / Associated Press March 5, 2024 Former Cleveland officer charged over threats toward current officers by Ben Benton March 5, 2024 Subscriber Exclusive Budget deal boosts spending for Chickamauga lock and other East Tennessee projects by Dave Flessner March 4, 2024 What to know and where to vote in the Hamilton County primary election by Ellen Gerst March 1, 2024 Tennessee reading law’s retention policies should start as early as kindergarten, state board says by Marta W. Aldrich / Chalkbeat Tennessee March 5, 2024 Local Are vitamins as good in gummy form? Gummy vitamins have gained popularity, especially among those who find it difficult to swallow pills or capsules. by Aileen Litwin March 4, 2024 Kennedy: Ringgold murder trial remembered in 'Zenith Man' One of the first childhood memories attorney McCracken Poston Jr. has of Alvin Ridley is the former TV repairman appearing in his house one day to fix a broken… by Mark Kennedy March 4, 2024 Four Hamilton County schools win award after all eligible students register to vote As voters head to the polls for this year's primary election, many high school students will be voting for the first time in a presidential election. by Dave Flessner March 4, 2024 Business Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads platforms are down in a widespread outage Users of Meta's Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms are experiencing login issues in what appears to be a widespread outage. by Associated Press March 5, 2024 46,000 more Chattanooga-Hamilton County housing units needed, study says Chattanooga and Hamilton County will need 46,000 more apartments, single-family residences and other housing over 20 years to handle swelling growth, new plann… by Mike Pare March 4, 2024 After gains at Big Three, UAW aims at VW and other nonunion plants When Shawn Fain, the United Automobile Workers president, unveiled the deal that ended six weeks of strikes at Ford Motor in the fall, he framed it as part of … by Noam Scheiber / New York Times News Service March 4, 2024 Lifestyle and Entertainment Gone but not forgotten: These Chattanooga restaurants loom large in memory, recipe requests One of Colleen Fehn's favorite stories from her years in the restaurant business with her husband, Don, is the memory of a couple's anniversary celebration at … by Susan Pierce / Correspondent March 5, 2024 Dear Abby: Woman’s failing health is wearing down family DEAR ABBY: My husband speaks to his mom every morning. For the past couple of months, her health has been failing, and she spends most of her days in the hospi… by Jeanne Phillips March 5, 2024 Crowds flock to Shaquille O’Neal’s Big Chicken on Hixson Pike for free year’s worth of meals In the game of winning free food, William Washington has led his team to victory once again. by Jennifer McNally March 4, 2024 Sports Acuña expects to be ready for opening day after NL MVP’s knee exam turns up no major issues National League MVP Ronald Acuña Jr. is expected to be ready for opening day with the Atlanta Braves after a more thorough examination of his sore right knee f… by Associated Press March 5, 2024 5-at-10: Falcons facing monster QB1 decision, EA Sports college football coming back, Acuna’s knee is OK Ronald Acuña's knee seems to be fine, big picture. by Jay Greeson March 5, 2024 Red Bank advances to the TSSAA state tournament for first time since 2009; Chatt Prep also heads to Murfreesboro Fueled by the love for his team and their precious time together, Anthony Bonner delivered one of the most memorable performances in Red Bank High School boys'… by Patrick MacCoon March 4, 2024 Cartoons Bottoms Up Clay Bennett's Times cartoon for March 5, 2024. by Clay Bennett March 4, 2024 Dunce Michael Ramirez's Free Press cartoon for March 5, 2024. by Michael Ramirez March 4, 2024 Congress' Fault Lisa Benson's Free Press cartoon for March 4, 2024. by Lisa Benson March 3, 2024 Opinion Kennedy: Ringgold murder trial remembered in 'Zenith Man' One of the first childhood memories attorney McCracken Poston Jr. has of Alvin Ridley is the former TV repairman appearing in his house one day to fix a broken… by Mark Kennedy March 4, 2024 Subscriber Exclusive Opinion: Trump passes one legal hurdle with ballot access, but other legal challenges abound Before Monday's United States Supreme Court ruling that Donald Trump can appear on the presidential ballot in Colorado, the former president was facing a myria… by Clint Cooper March 4, 2024 Subscriber Exclusive Opinion: Will reason ever come back to Tennessee legislature? Not anytime soon During a Health committee meeting last month, state House Rep. Yusuf Hakeem, D-Chattanooga, argued the case for a bill he co-sponsored that would make abortion… by LeBron Hill March 4, 2024 Featured Galleries Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch Gym-Masters perform during halftime at UTC Advertisement Popular Stories Advertisement Upcoming Events News Local Photo Galleries Obituaries Archives National/ International Health Sports Main Preps Sports Betting College Outdoors Pro Columns NFL MLB/Lookouts Nascar Golf Opinion Main Local Columnists Free Press Opinion Page Times Opinion Page Letters to the Editors Cartoons Rants Business Main Local Business Best of the Best Edge Magazine Politics Main Region Elections Features Life What to Eat Next Faith and Religion Chatter Magazine Get Out Magazine ChattanoogaNow Events Submit an event Special Projects Main Digital Publications Classifieds Jobs Homes Legal Notices Classifieds Tennessee Public Notices Contact Us Advertise Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Ethics Policy Manage Subscription Download App Digital FAQ Copyright © 2024, Chattanooga Times Free Press, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Chattanooga Times Free Press, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2024, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.