Lynn's Chronicles Lynn's Chronicles Next event in: 00 DAYS 00 HR 00 MIN 00 SEC + NavigationHome Reviews Concerts CDs DVDs Books News Travel Study Events Singing at Sea Whisnants Homecoming Photos <> Cd Reviews In my opinion, you can’t listen to this music without feeling closer to the Lord. It will change you! Read More . . . Study Daily Provision I’ll admit though, there are days when the magical orange sky never appears. Those are days when I find it difficult to focus on my quiet time, Bible reading and/or devotional book. Those days, everything is foggy and I wonder, “Does this even count anymore?” Read the latest series - click here Travel Travel the U.S. and around the world from your home computer or electronic device through my travel column. From hidden treasures to National Landmarks – see them here! More info News Keep updated on the latest happenings in Gospel Music! Read the latest . . . Concert Reviews Keep up with Lynn as she attends various events in SGM. Read the latest . . . Concerts Chocolate Cones, Palm Trees and Gospel Music Have you ever noticed that when we talk about events, we never say we’re looking forward to the end of an event, but the beginning? Times of beginning stir up anticipation and excitement. And if you’re a Gospel Music fan experiencing a bit of cabin fever, then maybe you’ve felt that kind of anticipation about… Last Stop…Nashville! Two weeks ago, the Gospel Music Hymn Sing went on their Fall Tour and I was thrilled that one of the dates was in Nashville. I don’t know about y’all, but when the tour comes within driving distance, it spells road trip! And I couldn’t think of a better reason to hit the road than… NQC | Sunday Night “There’s nothing like Eastern Tennessee hospitality,” said Gerald Wolfe at last night’s bonus concert. And it’s true, from the moment you drive into Pigeon Forge and see the Great Smoky Mountains towering above the town, you feel like you’ve come home. For fans of Southern Gospel Music, it is home. Home to the industry’s largest… News Gospel Weekly | January 26-February 1, 2020 Just got back from a wonderful week of cruising on Thursday and caught up on these big announcements that happened over the week!…read below for all the details! – Lynn Eli Fortner (The McKameys) proposed to his girlfriend, Alexia, on Sunday…and she said yes! Congratulations, Eli and Alexia! Blake Buffin, former tenor singer for the… Gospel Weekly | November 18-23, 2019 Here are some news items from the week! ~ Lynn Tuesday, Abraham Productions announced another addition to the API Board of Directors! Brian Free (Brian Free & Assurance) will be joining the team. Congratulations, Brian! Also, Sirius/XM has announced they are bringing Enlighten back to channel 65 at 3am (Eastern) on December 6th…three weeks earlier… Gospel Weekly | November 11-16, 2019 I enjoyed a wonderful time at Great Smokies Praisefest with Greater Vision in Sevierville, Tennessee this week. (Reviews coming soon!) Until then, here are a few news items from the week! ~ Lynn Monday evening, Lauren Talley joined Rick Cameron in doing play-by-play commentary for the Mercer men’s basketball game. She also sang the national… Travel Gatlinburg Skybridge Gatlinburg, Tennessee draws visitors from all over the world and is known as the gateway to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Due to my job, I go to the area multiple times a year and with plenty of hiking, food and sightseeing opportunities; I never get bored when I’m in town. This year, my… Prague – Food At The Christmas Markets You may be wondering, “Why go to a restaurant when I can eat on Old Town Square at the markets?” Well, if you’re visiting Prague during Christmas, you’ll certainly find enough in the square to try! Here are a few of the things I had at Old Town Square and the other Christmas markets throughout… Prague – A Walk Along The River So often, when we walked through the streets of Prague and talked about where we would go next, we’d almost always end up at Charles Bridge at some point in the day. Besides Old Town Square, Charles Bridge is the most tourist populated area of Prague, and with good reason. Following underneath Charles Bridge is… Books Daughter of Eden – Jill Eileen Smith If you enjoy Biblical Fiction, Daughter of Eden by Jill Eileen Smith is a must read. It is probably the most doctrinal and theologically accurate Biblical Fiction novel I have ever read… (I grew up studying a lot in Genesis, so I feel like I have a decent handle on the things folks can split… Potiphar’s Wife – Mesu Andrews I don’t know what you think of when you think of Potiphar’s wife, but I don’t mind telling you I always thought of her as selfish, immoral and just one of those horrible women who act like a witch. Anyone, relate? Well, imagine my surprise at opening Mesu Andrew’s book, “Potiphar’s Wife” and reading of… Between The Wild Branches – Connilyn Cossette Time Period: 1052 BC Setting: Ashdod, Philistia Between The Wild Branches by Connilyn Cossette is the sequel to To Dwell Among Cedars and an astounding, heart throbbing conclusion to the Covenant House Series. This is Lukio’s story, and if you remember him from the first book, you’ll be amazed at how much you’ll fall in… recent comments Urealpatriciaallen on The McKameys Announce Retirement in 2019Chad Walker on The McKameys Announce Retirement in 2019DAVID on Gold City – Still Small Voicelynnschronicles on Singing At Sea Cruise | Key WestBobbie Wiseman on Singing At Sea Cruise | Key West Stay ConnectedTwitterFacebookRSSYouTube © Lynn's Chronicles 2009 - 2013 Powered by Ex Nihilo Graphics