The Mail & Guardian | Africa's Better Future Search Welcome Login Register Remember me Forgot Password? Sign in Register Free Account Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Reset Link Not a subscriber? Subscribe here Close Register Now Login Register Remember me Forgot Password? Sign in Register Free Account Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Reset Link Close Careers & Tenders Newsletters Subscribe FEATURE / The Fiscal Cliff WHATSAPP? | Follow the M&G WhatsApp channel here CAREERS & TENDERS | Visit careers.mg.co.za Login LOGIN News Africa Business Editorial Education Health Motoring National Sci-tech Sport World Features Buthelezi, the King’s Hand Cabinet Report Cards 2023 Cabinet Report Cards 2012-2021 The Fiscal Cliff Thought Leader Politics The Green Guardian Friday Audio&Visual Podcasts Partners Events Critical Thinking Forum Webinars 200 Young South Africans Greening The Future Power Of Women More.. Digital Editions Crossword Register Login Lost Password Politics Tainted ANC leaders Zweli Mkhize, Gwede Mantashe, Bathabile Dlamini, Zandile Gumede top its parliamentary list By Lizeka Tandwa ANC leaders including Pravin Gordhan, Angie Motsekga and Lindiwe Zulu have been left off the list This content is restricted to subscribers only. Join the M&G Community Our commitment at the Mail & Guardian is to ensure every reader enjoys the finest experience. Join the M&G community and support us in delivering in-depth news to you consistently. Subscribe Subscription enables: – M&G community membership – independent journalism – access to all premium articles & features – a digital version of the weekly newspaper – invites to subscriber-only events – the opportunity to test new online features first Already a subscriber? Login here. Politics Ramaphosa: African Transformation Movement’s challenge to Phala Phala report is ‘nit-picking’ By Emsie Ferreira National SAPS, Metro to guard council staff as violent eThekwini strike continues By Paddy Harper Politics Nathi Nhleko resigns from ANC, calls out ‘lunacy’ of Fikile Mbalula By Lizeka Tandwa Sponsored Partner Content The Ethical Agency announced as Google Partner, strengthening digital marketing expertise By Brett Jefferson Editor's Pick Business South Africa’s economy narrowly avoids a recession By Anathi Madubela The transport and mining industries were the key contributors to fourth quarter GDP growth Education NSFAS calls on education institutions to act as the middleman for payments By Umamah Bakharia The student financial aid scheme’s board has rejected calls by students demanding that their accommodation allowances be paid to them directly Business Petrol prices pump up the pain By Sarah Smit Motorists are in store for another price hike come Wednesday 2024 Budget By Songezo Zibi The Fiscal Cliff | Political chaos as fiscal policy Taxpayers’ pain has its roots set in a history that the finance minister could not overcome By Sarah Smit Treasury’s Pieterse: Transnet bailout ‘not inevitable’ The 2024 budget is Duncan Pieterse’s first as director general. And he says the fiscal framework does not constitute a negotiating position This content is restricted to subscribers only. Join the M&G Community Our commitment at the Mail & Guardian is to ensure every reader enjoys the finest experience. Join the M&G community and support us in delivering in-depth news to you consistently. Subscribe Subscription enables: – M&G community membership – independent journalism – access to all premium articles & features – a digital version of the weekly newspaper – invites to subscriber-only events – the opportunity to test new online features first Already a subscriber? Login here. By Lyse Comins Social wage bill consumes R1.2 trillion of government revenue Additional funds have been allocated to pay teachers, doctors, nurses and police officers but productivity is not always commensurate with salaries By Lyse Comins NHI plans to revitalise hospitals A proposed R6.9 billion is to be allocated over the next three years to prepare for the rollout of the system across the country View more articles Thought Leader Don’t take transparent governance institutions for granted By Pranish Desai They are vital for providing indispensable information on indicators ranging from leadership quality to human resources management and financial malfeasance Gaza: Defending the indefensible By Nontobeko Hlela Israel will not cease raining hell on the Palestinians until it is forced to by Western powers — and their citizens Summer crop harvest forecasts down notably from last year By Wandile Sihlobo South Africa started the 2023-24 summer crop season with optimism, but the outlook is now lower because of the excessive heat and limited rainfall across major crop-growing regions Books are still vital for literacy and learning By Lucia Ndabula Hundreds of thousands of children don’t have access to the internet and need physical resources, such as dictionaries, to further their education Friday Authors’ advice is on the money Thabo Makhetha-Kwinana: Clothes for the bold and brave Jazz giant is coming home Mannenberg: An anthem of the uprising against apartheid The return of ostrich plumes The Green Guardian Sponsored The Ethical Agency recognised as green website hosting company By Brett Jefferson All of its services are powered by renewable energy sources Sewage swamp: Mogale City can’t get its shit together By Sheree Bega The pollution is making residents sick and contaminating rivers and groundwater resources in the Cradle of Humankind This content is restricted to subscribers only. Join the M&G Community Our commitment at the Mail & Guardian is to ensure every reader enjoys the finest experience. Join the M&G community and support us in delivering in-depth news to you consistently. Subscribe Subscription enables: – M&G community membership – independent journalism – access to all premium articles & features – a digital version of the weekly newspaper – invites to subscriber-only events – the opportunity to test new online features first Already a subscriber? Login here. Elephants culled as ‘last resort’ after non-lethal methods fail By Mandisa Nyathi Minister Barbara Creecy said electric fences, bees and other methods were tried before the elephants were killed This content is restricted to registered users and subscribers. Get Your Free Account The Mail & Guardian is committed to providing all our readers with the best possible experience. Please register your free account now. Your registration is your first step to becoming an M&G community member. Register Registration enables: – M&G newsletters access – notifications – the best possible experience Already registered? Login here Want to subscribe and get even more benefits? Explore our subscription offers Political leadership and will is needed to fight climate crisis, says Unep head By Umamah Bakharia Speaking to the Mail & Guardian at a conference on climate change, Inger Andersen says people need to demand their leaders put effective measures in place News Politics ANC should bar ‘tainted’ individuals from election lists, says Snuki Zikalala National Meyiwa trial: Accused want former Hawks head Shadrack Sibiya to testify Africa Smokes and mirrors: How Big Tobacco may have avoided Malawi’s taxman National Mbeki takes aim at Motsoaledi’s white paper on migration National Eskom at risk of stage 13 load-shedding if it doesn’t shape up, says new report Motoring High hopes for the new Elevate The Green Guardian Sewage swamp: Mogale City can’t get its shit together Motoring VW Tiguan: It’s old but it’s good Partner Content The Ethical Agency announced as Google Partner, strengthening digital marketing expertise By partnering with Google, the agency is poised to expand its reach and impact Read More M&G, University of Limpopo town hall will unpack elections The M&G and University of Limpopo host a forum to discuss, among others, what a coalition government could mean for South Africa Read More HUAWEI MateBook D 16: Your perfect companion for work, coffee shops and adventures Its stylish and sophisticated, gives you access to your Google apps, and is light as a feather Read More View All Elevate your office experience with the Xiaomi 6.5L Smart Air Fryer It caters to a wide range of culinary preferences, making it the perfect companion for a diverse group of users Read More Dermalogica’s new serum goes beyond plumping to help preserve skin’s collagen Pro-Collagen Banking Serum is 94% more effective in preserving skin’s collagen for plumper, fuller skin Read More DMASA’s position clarified on telemarketing classification and POPIA compliance The Association will continue to seek legal advice to ensure its members comply with regulatory requirements and uphold consumers’ privacy rights Read More IT Web : Press Releases North West University What economists are listening for in the budget speech Minister of finance Enoch Godongwana will deliver the 2024 budget speech on 21 February. Mandela Bay Development Executive mayor, Cllr Gary van Niekerk, leads oversight visit to R50m Moore Dyke project The oversight visit by Cllr Gary van Niekerk and MBDA directors and management comes a few months before the project achieves practical completion in June. Futuresense From Excel to the cloud Timrite, which specialises in timber products for mining, looked to Futuresense for a custom solution using the Oracle platform to modernise its financial processes. North West University Nursing students impress at WorldSkills competition Nobuhle Noluthando Motlhare secured the top spot in the Health and Social Care Skills category at the WorldSkills SA competition. Careers & Tenders For more visit careers.mg.co.za Desmond Tutu Health Foundation Chief Scientific Officer Beyond zero Human Rights and Legal Services Training's and Webinars Beyond zero Registered company/companies develop Human Rights and Law training material Africa Smokes and mirrors: How Big Tobacco may have avoided Malawi’s taxman By Zuza Nazaruk and Josephine Chinele Critical UN fact-finding mission in Sudan hobbled By Sarah Jackson Thousands of Nigerians protest over soaring costs By Agence France Presse More → Business South Africa’s economy narrowly avoids a recession By Anathi Madubela Petrol prices pump up the pain By Sarah Smit Signs point to SA having avoided a technical recession By Anathi Madubela More → Politics Tainted ANC leaders Zweli Mkhize, Gwede Mantashe, Bathabile Dlamini, Zandile Gumede top its parliamentary list By Lizeka Tandwa Ramaphosa: African Transformation Movement’s challenge to Phala Phala report is ‘nit-picking’ By Emsie Ferreira Nathi Nhleko resigns from ANC, calls out ‘lunacy’ of Fikile Mbalula By Lizeka Tandwa More → Education NSFAS calls on education institutions to act as the middleman for payments By Umamah Bakharia Makhanda students burn paper in protest against NSFAS By Loyiso Dyongman NSFAS accommodation project is a ‘time bomb’ says Outa By Umamah Bakharia More → Sport Springboks, Kolisi nominated for Laureus sports awards By MG Reporter James Small went large in rugby, in life – and even his death By Luke Alfred Bafana Bafana are back By Luke Alfred More → World German army probes possible wiretap of Ukraine war talks By Afp Palestinians suffering extreme form of apartheid, SA tells International Court of Justice By Emsie Ferreira Palestinians accuse Israel of ‘apartheid’ at International Court of Justice By Richard Carter More → ABOUT About Contact Us Advertising SUBSCRIPTIONS Subscribe FOLLOW Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn TikTok Threads FLAGSHIP EVENTS 200 Young South Africans Power Of Women Greening The Future LEGAL & CORRECTIONS Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Ethics & Social Media Policy RESOURCES Mail & Guardian Careers Property for sale © 2024 The Mail & Guardian. All rights reserved. Login Register Remember me Forgot Password? Sign in Register Free Account Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Reset Link