University of Minnesota Duluth Main navigation Main content University of Minnesota - Duluth Home Page Search terms Submit search Give One Stop MyU: For Students, Faculty, and Staff Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Twin Cities About UMD Academics Admissions Athletics Campus Life Events News Research MyU One Stop Live here, study here: You’ve found your school. Now find your people and your study nooks at the University of Minnesota Duluth. Confirm Today Explore 160+ majors and minors to pursue your passion View options > Connect Join our contact list and stay up-to-date with UMD Sign up now > Apply Take a small step toward big adventure at UMD Apply now > Enroll Make it official and confirm your enrollment Confirm now > Colleges & Schools College of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences College of Education and Human Service Professions Labovitz School of Business and Economics Swenson College of Science and Engineering Graduate School Medical School College of Pharmacy Discover the beauty of a University surrounded by nature. Explore UMD Campus Career Ready A degree is just the start, a career you love is what comes next. UMD has been named College of Distinction for our superior ability to think ahead about how our students will succeed after they graduate. See where your major can take you UMD News Ecology under ice UMD research is advancing our understanding of lake ecology in the winter. Planted in research UMD chemistry graduate student, Mady Larson, is researching drought-tolerant plants. All UMD News #UMDProud Simply no other campus around like it. See what makes us UMDProud! Duluth Campus CONTACT Contact UMD 1049 University Drive Duluth, MN 55812 VISIT Campus Tours Maps & Directions Transportation & Parking RESOURCES FOR Newly Admitted Students Current Students Employee Resources Alumni Parents & Family Community & Visitors GIVE Support UMD SEARCH Directory Employment Events Library CONNECT © 2024 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Campus Climate