abc | home Toggle navigation abcnotation.com Tune Search Search Browse Collections Help Software Software ... web-based Windows Mac Linux mobile command line multi-platform Learn abc Learn ... abc standard abc examples discuss how to ... video guides Info About ... abc notation abc notation research abcnotation.com Chris Walshaw Blog Sitemap Copyright Info Privacy & Content Policies Advertising Info Contact abc notation home page NEWS: seven shiny new "How to ... with abc notation" videos just released ... Quick links How to ... get started with abc understand abc ... basics understand abc ... next Top 10 tunes A Mhuire Mhathair John Ryan's Polka Sands of Kuwait, The ... Recent searches site: tunearch.org / wiki site: oneills site: www.vwml.org ... Welcome to abcnotation.com, home of abc notation - the text-based music notation system and the de facto standard for folk and traditional music. music text a - z file order Search advanced help Here is just a taste of what you can find, either at this site or via a link: around 800,000 tunes, available as free sheet music or midi sound files, at this site alone traditional music from medieval & renaissance times up to the present day plenty of free software (Windows, Mac, Linux, mobile, ...) to transfer abc into scores or midi sound files tunes from many cultures - a large proportion from Irish, Scottish & other Celtic sources, with plenty of music from America, England, France, Scandinavia & all over Europe and even a sizeable collection of Chinese music a notation format popular all over the world, particularly for folk and traditional music online versions of many well-known historical collections, such as O'Neill's Music of Ireland, Playford's English Dancing Master & tunes composed by Carolan, to name but three a concise, text-based music notation system, that makes it easy to share tunes via email or on websites such as this one session tunes, band repertoires and original music specialist software which can generate tabulature and fingering charts for instruments such as guitar, mandolin & banjo (and other fretted, stringed instruments), fiddle / violin / voila, diatonic accordion, trumpet, horn euphonium & tuba, harmonica and drums examples, tutorials, a blog, discussion forums and plenty of other information about abc So how does it work? As an example, the well-known tune Speed the Plough could be written in abc as X:1 T:Speed the Plough M:4/4 C:Trad. K:G |:GABc dedB|dedB dedB|c2ec B2dB|c2A2 A2BA| GABc dedB|dedB dedB|c2ec B2dB|A2F2 G4:| |:g2gf gdBd|g2f2 e2d2|c2ec B2dB|c2A2 A2df| g2gf g2Bd|g2f2 e2d2|c2ec B2dB|A2F2 G4:| After processing a typical result might look like this: Support abc - thank you! Donate × Donations The abc website has taken many, many hours of work. If you have found it useful and would like to support its development, please click one of the buttons below (you can either donate via PayPal or with any of the major credit / debit cards). US dollars / $ (USD) Pounds sterling / £ (GBP) Euros / € (EUR) All donations are very gratefully received and the more that is donated, the more time I can spend on improving the site and extending the tune search. Thanks for your support! Chris Close ... equipment, accessories, celtic, musicians, instruments, music shops, concerts, festivals, folk clubs, folk ... ... euphonium, ukulele, tuba, whistle, bodhran, zither, diatonic, fretted, bagpipes, bouzouki ... hundreds of musicians visit abcnotation.com every day - your advert could appear here Advertise Site map Privacy Copyright info