Software Freedom Law Center Services How we help our clients News What we're doing PublicationsWhat we've said ContactHow to reach us PeopleThe SFLC team 14th Anniversary Fall Conference Nov. 2nd, 2018 | Video and transcripts available. 15th Anniversary Fall Conference Nov. 1st, 2019 | Video recordings available. News & Activities Mishi Choudhary Departs SFLC August 24, 2022 After 17 years with SFLC, Legal Director Mishi Choudhary will depart to become General Counsel and Senior Vice-President at Virtru. Ms. Choudhary began working with SFLC in 2006, held the first SFLC Graduate Fellowship for LLM study at Columbia Law School, and became Legal Director in 2015. She has represented SFLC clients across the entire range of FOSS communities, including the Free Software Foundation, Cloud Native Computing Foundation, Linux Foundation, Debian, Ethereum, the Apache Software Foundation, and OpenSSL. She founded and developed SFLC’s FOSS Code of Conduct practice, assisting FOSS non-profits and unaffiliated projects to develop and administer CoC policies. She has served as the Code of Conduct mediator for the Linux kernel community, among many others. Read More... SFLC Files Amicus Brief in Google v. Oracle January 13, 2020 On January 13th, 2020, the Software Freedom Law Center (SFLC) filed a brief amicus curiae in Google LLC v. Oracle America, Inc. before the United States Supreme Court. In its brief, SFLC argues (1) that the Federal Circuit erred in reversing the District Court’s determination that a reasonable jury could find Google’s use of Java in Android was a fair use; (2) that the Supreme Court should ensure the Federal Circuit’s decision that APIs are copyrightable does not establish precedent; and (3) that the Federal Circuit is bound to follow the precedent of the regional courts of appeals on questions of copyright law. The brief is available to download as a pdf. SFLC's Blog Noises Off October 13, 2023 by Eben Moglen We have received inquiries about a recently-published “Joint Statement by Free Software Foundation Europe and Software Freedom Conservancy Regarding Eben Moglen and Software Freedom Law Center.” Read More... Google v. Oracle: The End of an Era January 18, 2022 by Eben Moglen The Supreme Court’s April 3rd decision of the long-running dispute between Oracle and Google brings to a last victorious conclusion the free software movement’s legal campaign, which began more than thirty years ago. Though the Justices have only now resolved the issue of API copyright, it was among the first of the legal problems with which FSF and I dealt. Read More... Unless otherwise indicated, all content licensed CC-BY-SA 3.0. Privacy Policy · Colophon ABOUT SFLC The Software Freedom Law Center provides pro-bono legal services to developers of Free, Libre, and Open Source Software. More >> Donate SFLC is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization. Your 100% deductible donation enables us to meet the legal needs of F/LOSS developers! Donate to SFLC now Search