Royal Shakespeare Company | RSC × Unfortunately we cannot guarantee support for browsers with Javascript disabled, you may experience some difficulties using this website. Please enable Javascript, for help please visit here. Search the site What's On & Book Tickets Your Visit & Access Your Visit Getting Here Access Information Our Theatres Restaurant, cafes and bars Rooftop Restaurant Seating plans Groups Shakespeare's Stratford Places to stay in Stratford Membership & Support Membership & Support Priority Booking Become a Member or Supporter Gift Memberships RSC £10 Tickets RSC America RSC Friends Name a seat in the Swan Theatre Leave a gift in your will Corporate opportunities About Shakespeare About Shakespeare Shakespeare's Plays (A to Z) Tragedies, comedies, histories Timeline of Shakespeare's plays Famous quotes Shakespeare's Language Shakespeare's Life and Times Shop Learn Learn Schools and Teachers Young People Universities Shakespeare Learning Zone Associate Schools Programme Frequently Asked Questions About Us About Us News, Features & Updates Video Blogs Who's Who History New Plays and Writers How We Make Theatre Collections and Archives 欢迎光临 Bienvenue Willkommen Benvenuto ようこそ Witamy Bem-vindo Добро пожаловать Inicio Close Search Available from Midday Find out more Countdown Hours Minutes Seconds - - - Rush tickets available from midday Find out more Available Now Find out more Hours Minutes Seconds - - - Rush tickets available from midday Find out more Available NowFind out more Your journey may be disrupted if you are travelling to the theatre by road, due to road improvement works taking place on the A439 Warwick Road. Please allow extra time to travel. Find out more. Play Video Book now Find out more What's on highlights Ben and Imo Mark Ravenhill Stratford-upon-Avon Until 6 April 2024 A Midsummer Night's Dream William Shakespeare Stratford-upon-Avon Until 30 March 2024 The School for Scandal BY RICHARD BRINSLEY SHERIDAN Stratford-upon-Avon From 2 July to 6 September 2024 A CO-PRODUCTION WITH WISE CHILDREN The Buddha of Suburbia BASED ON THE NOVEL BY HANIF KUREISHIADAPTED FOR THE STAGE BY EMMA RICE,WITH HANIF KUREISHI Stratford-upon-Avon From 18 April to 1 June 2024 Love's Labour's Lost William Shakespeare Stratford-upon-Avon From 11 April to 18 May 2024 news, features and updates Free guided tours for National Lottery Open Week Show your National Lottery ticket and get a free guided tour from 9 to 17 March 2024. Find out more The Buddha of Suburbia Cast & Creatives See the full cast and creative team for The Buddha of Suburbia. See photos & biogs What's On in March Stories of magic and music, First Encounters: Romeo and Juliet tours to Stratford and the north of England, and a chance to take over our stage for a day. Discover March Ben and Imo Production Photos Take a look at the fascinating production photos for Ben and Imo. See photos More about us Getting here Our postcode is CV37 6BB, and we are a short drive from the M40 (J15) and a short walk from the train station. We have some accessible parking nearby. Read More Cocktail Bar Our Rooftop Restaurant Cocktail Bar serves a selection of alcoholic and non alcoholic favourites, as well as some fresh new surprises. Cocktails list Membership & Support Us Join as a Member or Patron for priority booking and exclusive events, while helping us to create theatre at its best for everyone. Read More Shop Stunning stationery, brilliant books and a selection of Shakespeare-themed clothing and accessories. Shop now Seating plans Download seating plans for the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford, information about wheelchair access and seating for our shows in London. Find out more Restaurant, cafes and bars The Riverside Cafe and Rooftop Restaurant are now open for everything from casual coffees to three course meals. Read More Access We want everything we do to be accessible to all our audiences, and are looking for ways to break down barriers so more people can enjoy theatre at its best. Find out more The Play's The Thing exhibition Take a magical journey through 100 years of theatre-making in Stratford-upon-Avon with our new exhibition Find out more Our theatres Find out about our three theatres in Stratford-upon-Avon: the Royal Shakespeare Theatre, the Swan Theatre and The Other Place. Read More Teacher Resources Free Teacher Packs, videos, image galleries and interactive whiteboard resources to bring Shakespeare to life in the classroom Find out more RSC Jobs Because not all our best roles are on stage Find out more Shakespeare's life and times Discover more about the life and times of William Shakespeare, from his birth in 1564 through to his death 52 years later in 1616. Discover more Get in touch Contact Us & FAQs Tickets01789 331111 Opening times Newsletter Switchboard01789 296655 Social media TikTok Facebook X Threads Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Commercial Nursery Image and Film Licensing Costume hire Prop hire Ticket information Ticket prices & discounts Booking for online events & performances Terms & Conditions Press Latest press releases Press resources Press images Legal and Policies Website Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies More policies Access Assisted Performances Jobs Current vacancies Meet our people Benefits and perks Talent development programme The RSC is a registered charity (no. 212481) © 2024 Royal Shakespeare Company The work of the RSC is supported by the Culture Recovery Fund We use cookies on this website. By using this site you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more about how we use cookies and your options to change your acceptance of cookies. Close Unfortunately, payments are no longer supported by Mastercard in your web browser Mozilla 0.0, so you may experience some difficulties using this website. Please either update your browser to the newest version, or choose an alternative browser – visit here or here for help. If you have any more questions please visit our FAQs If you would like to complete your booking on the phone instead, please call the Box Office on 01789 331111. Close