Latest tech news, how-tos, and deals | Komando.com Skip to Content Toggle mobile menu Komando.com Tech advice you can trust™ Toggle search News How-tos Reviews Shopping Listen Login/join the community Email Kim Free Newsletters Latest issue News All news Gadgets Lifestyle Money Security & privacy Social media Technology TV & streaming How‑tos All how‑tos Kim’s column Money Privacy Small business Smartphones & gadgets Tech tips Travel Watch Now Listen Now Email Kim Videos Shopping Reviews All reviews Buying guides Comparison charts Downloads Family Lifestyle Money Safety & security Smartphones TV & streaming Show PIcks Find a Station Podcasts All podcasts Kim Komando Today Daily Tech Update Podcasts Free Newsletters Latest issue Login/join the community Search for: Submit MoneyIs the Amazon Influencer Program worth it? Security & privacy5 common antivirus mistakes to avoid at all costs DealsMake your smart home smarter with a smart lock Tech news and tips Read more Security & privacy Airlines collect a lot more data than you realize Ways to protect your personal information from airlines. Deals No loans, no monthly payments: An easier way to tap your home equity Apply online in just 10 minutes! Kim's column 1-minute tech changes for more privacy Simple tech tips to keep snoops and cybercriminals out of your business. News You could be sitting on a goldmine of old tech and toys You might have cupboards or even an entire basement packed with outdated tech you keep meaning to get rid of. Hang on, though, before you … Small business Streamline workflow with these automation tips Use this guide to master small business automation in a few steps. Security & privacy Here’s what the U.S. government knows about you Quick ways to cut down on being tracked. Read more Cyberattack paralyzes U.S. pharmacies Can’t fill your prescription? Here’s why, and what you can do about it. More episodes of Kim Komando Daily Tech Update Get free, smart tech news to your inbox Privacy, security, the latest trends and the info you need to stay safe online. Email address Join free Most popular articles Kim's column 30-second privacy check every Google and Facebook user must do today Kim's column 7 things you should never ask Siri, Google Assistant or Alexa Security & privacy Watch your phone for 6 phony messages costing people money Tech tips 3 quick and easy ways to speed up your browser Security & privacy You can blur out your home in Google Maps and Apple Maps – Here’s how Most popular videos Security Best internet browsers: Comparing Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge | Digital Life Hack from Kim Komando Komando picks Hilarious Japanese gymnastics comedy Komando picks One of the strangest places on Google Maps Komando picks Official trailer for ‘All the Light We Cannot See’ Komando TV Son’s suicide spurs Congressman’s campaign against child sextortion | The Kim Komando Show Find the best new tech View more deals Quiz: Fix your bad Wi-Fi with the right router When it comes to creating a strong, secure home network, your router is king. If you’re ready to upgrade, don’t spend hours researching. Take this quick quiz to find the perfect model, handpicked just for you and your home. TAKE THE QUIZ NOW Shopping View more shopping Amazon Cheap tech upgrades anyone can do Affordable ways to expand storage space, boost Wi-Fi coverage, get better PC performance and more. Money The real price of Amazon Prime Your Amazon Prime membership might be costing more than double what you think. Here’s why. Security & privacy A safer way to log in to your Amazon account [guide for computer or phone] How to set up a passkey for your Amazon account. Amazon On-time last-minute Christmas gift ideas 29 last-minute Christmas gift ideas that will be delivered on time. Amazon Kim’s stocking stuffer picks at every budget Stocking stuffer gift ideas to finish your Christmas shopping. Amazon The clock is ticking! 50 holiday gifts for all the hard-to-please people on your list 50 last-minute Christmas gift ideas that everyone on your list will love. View more shopping Join the Komando Community Get even more know-how in the Komando Community! Here, you can enjoy The Kim Komando Show on your schedule, read Kim’s eBooks for free, ask your tech questions in the Forum — and so much more. Try it for 30 days Breaking tech news more tech news Security & privacy Go smish! Texting scams impersonate these brands the most Before you click a bogus link, read this. Lifestyle YouTubers are creating memorial videos for people they’ve never met Delving into shady YouTube memorial videos and exposing their online deception. Tech tips 3 quick and easy ways to speed up your browser Steps to speed up Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Firefox. Gadgets Smartwatch uses to keep the whole family safe and sound Clever ways to use smartwatches to protect the entire family. Security & privacy Fraud and identity theft are up – Protect your info in one simple step Incogni is the simplest way to protect against fraud and identity theft. Security & privacy Stop and think before you click that link! Bad Google results are increasing Savvy tricks to avoid malicious Google search results. more tech news READ MORE Stories Connect with Kim Need Help? About Kim's Show Be a Caller Refer a Friend FAQ More ways to connect Community Affiliates Newsletters About us Advertise with Us Kim Recommends Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions facebook instagram pinterest twitter youtube youtube The Kim Komando Show ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 2,281,044. America's Digital Goddess ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 3,727,509. Digital Diva ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No, 2,463,516. Tech Advice You Can Trust ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 6,887,516. Any and all other material herein is protected by Copyright © 1995 - 2024 WestStar MultiMedia Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved.