Reserve Bank of Australia It appears JavaScript is currently blocked Check your browser settings and network. This website requires JavaScript for some content and functionality. Skip to content Reserve Bank of Australia Menu What are you looking for? Search Monetary Policy Market Operations Payments & Infrastructure Financial Stability Banknotes Financial Services About Us Media Releases Speeches Publications Statistics Chart Pack Research Archives Education Careers Q&A Contact Us The Bank's mission and key statistics We are Australia’s central bank and serve the people of Australia. We conduct monetary policy, determine payments system policy, work to maintain a stable financial system, issue the nation’s banknotes, operate the core of the payments system and provide banking services to the government. Cash rate target 4.35 % Effective date 7 February 2024 Next update 2.30 pm, 19 March 2024 Cash rate target Inflation Consumer Price Index Annual change December quarter 2023 4.1 % Monthly Indicator January 2024 3.4 % Inflation Exchange rates Trade-weighted Index 60.9 USD 0.6502 CNY ﻿4.6802 JPY ﻿97.87 EUR ﻿0.5992 As at 4.00 pm, 5 March 2024 Exchange rates News & Announcements Use left and right arrow keys to switch between tabs. Latest news Coming up Latest News RBA Seeks Ideas from the Australian Community to ‘Reimagine the $5’ Banknote Media Release 1 March 2024 8.00 am AEDT Payments System Board Update: February 2024 Meeting Media Release 29 February 2024 2.30 pm AEDT Appointment of Chief Operating Officer Media Release 26 February 2024 2.00 pm AEDT Appearance before the Senate Economics Legislation Committee on Treasury Laws Amendment (Reserve Bank Reforms) Bill 2023 Michele Bullock, Governor, and Catherine Parr, General Counsel. No text available. 22 February 2024 1.00 pm AEDT Minutes of the February 2024 Monetary Policy Meeting of the Reserve Bank Board 20 February 2024 11.30 am AEDT More news and announcements Coming Up Panel Participation by Sarah Hunter, Assistant Governor (Economics) at the AFR Business Summit – Sydney 12 March 2024 9.30 am AEDT Reserve Bank Board Meeting Monetary Policy Decision 18–19 March 2024 Monetary Policy Decision Statement Media Release 19 March 2024 2.30 pm AEDT Media Conference Monetary Policy Decision 19 March 2024 3.30 pm AEDT Chart Pack: Graphs on the Australian economy and financial markets 20 March 2024 11.30 am AEDT Financial Stability Review 22 March 2024 11.30 am AEDT More upcoming events Do you have a story to tell? We're collecting submissions for a theme for the new $5 note design. Our assessment of current economic and financial conditions and the outlook. Featured areas of the Bank's work Monetary Policy Our role is to contribute to the stability of the currency, full employment, and the economic prosperity and welfare of the Australian people. Monetary Policy Decision 6 February 2024 Minutes 20 February 2024 Statement on Monetary Policy 6 February 2024 Payments and Market Infrastructure We promote the efficiency and competitiveness of the payments system, and regulate market infrastructure to support financial stability. Payments System Board Update: February 2024 Meeting 29 February 2024 Expectations for Tokenisation of Payment Cards and Storage of PANs 21 December 2023 Payments System Board Annual Report 2023 9 October 2023 Financial Stability We work with other regulatory bodies to maintain the stability of the financial system to create favourable conditions to foster economic growth. Financial Stability Review 6 October 2023 Regulatory Framework Climate Change and Financial Risk Banknotes We are responsible for all aspects of the production and issuance of Australian banknotes. We work to make them durable and difficult to counterfeit. Counterfeit Detection Banknote Features Damaged Banknotes Statistics We publish statistics and graphs that are relevant to our policy and regulatory responsibilities. RBA Balance Sheet 1 March 2024 Index of Commodity Prices – February 2024 1 March 2024 Financial Aggregates – January 2024 29 February 2024 Education We are committed to supporting teachers and students who want to learn more about our activities and the Australian economy. Resources Teacher Materials Economic Update Webinar Event About the Reserve Bank of Australia We are Australia’s central bank. Learn more about what we do and how we do it. Watch video: Role and Functions Transcript Michele Bullock, Governor (2023 – Present) Our job here at the Reserve Bank is to serve the community. The Parliament of Australia has given the Reserve Bank some very important responsibilities. It is our duty to promote the economic prosperity and welfare of the people of Australia, both now and into the future. We do this in many ways, including by setting monetary policy to maintain price stability and full employment, by contributing to the efficiency and stability of the payments system and the stability of the financial system, and by banking the Australian Government and providing the nation’s banknotes. Probably the thing we do that is most familiar to people is set the level of interest rates. This is known as ‘monetary policy’, where we change interest rates to try to smooth fluctuations in the economy. The interest rate we control is the cash rate, which is the rate that banks charge each other to borrow overnight. Now this interest rate influences other interest rates in the economy, such as those charged on your loans, or those you earn on your savings. Changes in interest rates influence people’s decisions to buy things or invest money, and they affect the exchange rate and the value of any assets that people might hold, such as homes or shares. All this affects economic activity. In deciding where to set the cash rate, we want to keep inflation low and stable, averaging 2-3 per cent – our inflation ‘target’, if you like. But we want to do it in a way that keeps the level of employment as high as possible. These outcomes are essential for a prosperous economy. But there are many other things that we are responsible for as well. The Reserve Bank’s also responsible for the stability of the financial system. We typically think of a stable financial system as one that is safe and helps money flow within the economy, even when there are disruptive events. We contribute to financial stability in a number of ways. One important way is by setting monetary policy that helps keep inflation low and stable and people fully employed. We also collaborate with other financial regulators – Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, Australian Securities and Investment Commission and the Australian Treasury – through the Council of Financial Regulators to identify risks in the financial system and to develop plans to address them if they arise. In extreme situations, we can also provide lending to financial institutions that are sound but experiencing difficulties with liquidity. Now we also make and distribute Australia’s banknotes. We have some of the highest quality and most secure banknotes in the world and they use technology that we in Australia invented, the Bank invented it with the CSIRO in the 1980s – polymer, or if you like, plastic banknotes. We have a purpose-built banknote printing facility and vault in the outer suburbs of Melbourne. It might surprise many people that despite the use of electronic payments increasing, there is still a lot of demand for banknotes, particularly as a store of value. We also operate the payment system that is at the centre of the movement of money in Australia. When money goes from one bank to another, say when you pay a bill to somebody who banks with a different bank, the money comes through the Reserve Bank. We are also constantly looking at innovations to provide Australians with the most efficient and secure ways to pay. For example, we worked with the banks to develop the New Payments Platform, which allows people to make payments in close to real time, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And we are looking at how the nature of money and the payments system could evolve as technology changes. We are the banker for the Australian Government. So, when you get a Medicare refund, pay your tax or receive a refund, those transactions occur through the government’s bank accounts here at the Reserve Bank. It’s the same if you’ve ever needed a disaster relief or other support payment, perhaps during the COVID-19 pandemic, floods or bushfires. We know that many people rely on these payments, and we feel privileged to partner with the government in getting these vital payments to you quickly and reliably. A lot of research, analysis, innovation and support is required to deliver all of these functions. We do all this with a bit over 1,500 people. Most of us are located here in Sydney. But we have a banking branch in Canberra and offices in Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Beijing, London and New York. We’re the nation’s central bank and we take our responsibilities to the Australian people very seriously. Find out about our role and functions Careers Ready to be part of something bigger? Use your talents and experience to make a difference for millions of Australians. Explore careers at the Bank, our current opportunities or our intern and graduate programs and discover how you can be more. RBA Museum Explore Australia's banknotes from before Federation to the introduction of decimal currency and our current banknote series. Learn about banknote designs and the people on them, including First Nations peoples, other Notable Australians and Queen Elizabeth II. Back to top Sign up for email and SMS alerts Subscribe Follow us Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Flickr Affiliate sites Banknotes Unreserved Museum Council of Financial Regulators Australian Foreign Exchange Committee H.C. Coombs Centre The Reserve Bank of Australia supports the Foundation for Children. The materials on this webpage are subject to copyright and their use is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Copyright and Disclaimer Notice. © Reserve Bank of Australia, 2001–2024. All rights reserved. The Reserve Bank of Australia acknowledges the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples of Australia as the Traditional Custodians of this land, and recognises their continuing connection to country. We pay our respects to their Elders, past and present. References For Media Judicial Notice Privacy Accessibility Procurement Glossary Schedules & Events Report a Vulnerability Scams Public Interest Disclosure Access to Information