Washington Trails Association https://www.wta.org/backpack Skip to content Washington Trails Association Trails for everyone, forever News Site Search Site Search Go Donate Menu Home Our Work Our Campaigns Trails for Everyone The Trail Next Door Trails Rebooted Lost Trails Found Connecting the Next Generation About Us Careers WTA’s Commitment to Stand Against Racism Go Outside Overview Hike Finder Map Hiking Guide Trip Reports Hiking by Season Trail Smarts Passes and Permits Ranger Station Info Youth Programs Trail Work Parties Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Join & Give Volunteer Take Action Events Donate News Blog Magazine Sign Up Press Room Site Search Go My Backpack Log in / Sign up Powered by Hikers Post a trip report > Terra Compton Protect trails Become a member Get exploring Find a hike New to WTA? Learn about us Featured Hike The hikes must flow Hike the "Duniverse" of Washington. Snow skills The first rule of backcountry safety From knowing your limits to creating good group dyamics Advocacy Transit & trails funding WTA visited Washington D.C. to speak up for trails. Latest News Community Share a story: A snowy backpacking trip Mar 4, 2024 #DriveGood Want to avoid the snow? Hit the beach this winter. Mar 1, 2024 News Hiker Headlines: Mount St. Helens and North Cascades permits, plus a webinar to explain passes and permits Feb 29, 2024 Our Work WTA plays a key role in raising hikers’ voices to ensure that the issues hikers care about are front and center with lawmakers. Washington state’s legislative session — this year Jan. 8 through March 7 — is an important time for trail advocates like you to speak up in support of public lands and trails as legislators work to prioritize funding and policies for the state. - How you can help Two Dollar Trail by ejain Trip Reports Our Work Our Campaigns Trails for Everyone The Trail Next Door Trails Rebooted Lost Trails Found Connecting the Next Generation About Us Careers WTA’s Commitment to Stand Against Racism Go Outside Overview Hike Finder Map Hiking Guide Trip Reports Hiking by Season Trail Smarts Passes and Permits Ranger Station Info Youth Programs Trail Work Parties Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Join & Give Volunteer Take Action Events News Blog Magazine Sign Up Press Room Contact Us Washington Trails Association 705 2nd Ave, Suite 300 Seattle, WA 98104 (206) 625-1367 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Get Trail News Subscribe to our free email newsletter for hiking events, news, gear reviews and more. Email Address Sign Up Sponsors Thanks for the support of Western Washington Honda Dealers and our other corporate sponsors. Trails for everyone, forever © 2024 Washington Trails Association Terms of Service Privacy Policy Washington Trails Association is 501(c)(3) nonprofit. Contributions to WTA are tax deductible, and we are committed to making the best use of every donation to our mission. Our tax identification number is EIN 91-0900134. Design: