Project World School | Project World School - Inspiring Temporary Learning Communities Around the World About About Project World School Mission & Vision Learning Communities Ethical Business Practices Meet Our Team Press Virtual Meet Ups Active Retreats Mexico – PWS Intro Trip – 9 Day Retreat – 2024 Retreats TBD Japan – Land of the Rising Sun – 21 Day Teen Learning Community Berlin to Budapest – Central Europe Adventure -26 Day Teen Learning Community Peru – Machu Picchu & The Sacred Valley – 22 Day Teen Learning Community Backpack South America! – 4 Week Indie Adventure 18+ Past Retreats Submit An Application Additional Info FAQs Internship Opportunity with Project World School Ideas to Fund the Trip Fund a Scholarship Travel Insurance Galleries Videos Photo Galleries Inspiration Gallery Contact Us Articles Blog About About Project World School Mission & Vision Learning Communities Ethical Business Practices Meet Our Team Press Virtual Meet Ups Active Retreats Mexico – PWS Intro Trip – 9 Day Retreat – 2024 Retreats TBD Japan – Land of the Rising Sun – 21 Day Teen Learning Community Berlin to Budapest – Central Europe Adventure -26 Day Teen Learning Community Peru – Machu Picchu & The Sacred Valley – 22 Day Teen Learning Community Backpack South America! – 4 Week Indie Adventure 18+ Past Retreats Submit An Application Additional Info FAQs Internship Opportunity with Project World School Ideas to Fund the Trip Fund a Scholarship Travel Insurance Galleries Videos Photo Galleries Inspiration Gallery Contact Us Articles Blog About About Project World School Mission & Vision Learning Communities Ethical Business Practices Meet Our Team Press Virtual Meet Ups Active Retreats Mexico – PWS Intro Trip – 9 Day Retreat – 2024 Retreats TBD Japan – Land of the Rising Sun – 21 Day Teen Learning Community Berlin to Budapest – Central Europe Adventure -26 Day Teen Learning Community Peru – Machu Picchu & The Sacred Valley – 22 Day Teen Learning Community Backpack South America! – 4 Week Indie Adventure 18+ Past Retreats Submit An Application Additional Info FAQs Internship Opportunity with Project World School Ideas to Fund the Trip Fund a Scholarship Travel Insurance Galleries Videos Photo Galleries Inspiration Gallery Contact Us Articles Blog Project World School | Project World School - Inspiring Temporary Learning Communities Around the World inspiring temporary learning communities around the world. Teens and young adults are invited to participate in Project World School‘s immersive learning events around the world. Designed for homeschoolers, unschoolers and democratic learners alike, we offer immersive multi-day retreats formed as Temporary Learning Communities. Each retreat utilizes the enigmatic landscape of each country as the canvas for exploration and discovery. worldschooling, teen adventures, unschooling, homeschooling, unschooling adventures 14869 home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-14869,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,vertical_menu_enabled,qode-title-hidden,side_area_uncovered_from_content,qode-theme-ver-10.0,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-7.5,vc_responsive Project World SchoolInspiring Temporary Learning Communities for Teens & Young Adults MEXICO- Guanajuato, INTRO RETREAT March 25 – April 2, 2024 Our unique 9 day learning community takes place in Guanajuato Mexico with an emphasis on history, food, adventure and community exploration. During our stay we’ll immerse ourselves in the local culture and explore the history and traditions of local Mexico all while practicing the principles of trust, teamwork and leadership. read more Our first 18+ ADVENTURE! To Be Announced Eary 2024! GET ON THE WAITING LIST NOW! This will be our first 18 and over independent backpacking adventure run by Project World School co-founder Miro Siegel! Get on the waiting list and be the first to know when we announce the details! It’s going to be amazing! read more Hero’s Journey June 3 – June 12, 2024 Mental Health Retreat in Mexico! Define your own Hero’s Journey based on the work of Joseph Campbell. Our 10 Day retreat is grounded in self-inquiry combining creative expression, writing, art, theater, self reflection, discovery and empowerment. read moreTRANSFORMATIVE MENTORING FOR TEENS Courses, 1:1 Mentoring Programs & Groups Project World School founder Lainie Liberti has created several online programs specifically designed for teens and tweens. Transformative Mentoring For Teens courses are designed to empower teens by providing safe spaces, valuable tools, experiential exploration, and deep self inquiry challenges, all important for transformation. Teens explore topics to facilitate a deeper understanding of what’s coloring their inner worlds, practicing new techniques and reflecting during weekly classes, group coaching and 1:1 sessions. Valuable Skills For Teens, For Life! read moreWHY WE DO WHAT WE DO Experiential Learning Project World School was born from an inspired idea: co-create temporary learning communities around the world with teens and young adults, in order to collaborate in rich experiential and social learning. During the retreats, both natural and academic learning occurs through immersive cultural experiences while encouraging social learning, teamwork and leadership. Participants create strong connections to other participants, the world around them and community through a rich collaborative environment. Teens who participate are inspired to continue their worldschooling explorations (and most return for other retreats). read moreWATCH OUR VIDEOS Project World School Participant Series Video #15 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Tomasz )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School Participant Series Video #14 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Kurt )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School Participant Series Video #13 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Sarah )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School Participant Series Video #12 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Keegan )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School Participant Series Video #11 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Gianna again )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School GREECE – Modern Myth Teen Retreat 2017Project World Schoolzoomview Project World School Participant Series – Video #10 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Julia )Participant Videoszoomview Project World School Participant Series – Video #9 -Worldschooling Teens! ( Dylan )Participant Videoszoomview WHAT PROJECT WORLD SCHOOL PARTICPANTS ARE SAYING I can honestly say my cultural horizon and worldviews have been expanded because of everything we did and experienced during the retreat.Oliver, 17After the retreat, I realized that learning in a group was Way more fun then I thought it was going to be. It was amazing how all of us would go into that particular learning experience with all of are different interests and opinions, then at the end of the day share our opinions and viewpoints with the group, therefore expanding the learning experience even further. I liked learning in community more than I could have imagined.Austin, 19About learning: I know that it is a lot more complex than it's given credit for and that it's easy to get anxious/scared when in a new situation. So one key thing I learned in the retreats is to stay relaxed and openminded. I got to practice this during the retreat and realized afterwards, I learned so much!Aria, 15My experience with Project World School has given me a much needed spring in my step! I have a significantly higher level of confidence coming off the retreat. Easier for me to confidently say YES now after watching myself excel as a volunteer, especially on the days when I was feeling down, on the days where self doubt crept up on me the most. I still did what I needed to do. And did it well.Kaameel, 18Before I left to come to Thailand, I've never been outside the US and now after a 22 hour flight I was on the other side of the world! Before the retreat I didn't know I could do a lot of the things we did. Now I feel much more capable. As a teen I am always trying to figure out the world. And it just got a lot bigger.Jake, 14During the retreat I felt both supported and that I was among a group of equals. It was incredible to work with a group that was so ready and willing to say yes, no matter the task. In the end, we build a house together and that showed me what what possible with teamwork.Julia, 15Before the retreat I didn't feel at peace with myself or the world. But after the retreat I feel great. I feel more at peace with myself, who I am and my life choices. Also more in control of my emotional self.Katie, 16My experience at Project World School was very enlightening. I left Peru having learned many things including, how the Incans setup and performed their rituals, how to prepare guinea pig. All in all I feel that I really grew from my time in Peru with Project World School...Alan, 14I just realized, in the past year, every time I have completely stepped out of my comfort zone is when I have been my happiest and have felt confident. And I can confidently say, I am pretty proud of myself. I went to Peru for almost 3 weeks and I met the most amazing people and saw the most amazing things. Stepping out of my comfort zone resulted in some great things happening for me. And I am so grateful.Samone, 17After coming home from the Ecuador retreat, I had a heightened sense of pride in who I am and what I do. It became apparent to me what is important in my life and what isn't; something that was murky to me before. Project World School really opened my eyes to the world.Katie M. - 17MEET THE TEAM Lainie Liberti Co-Founder & Facilitator read more Miro Siegel Co-Founder & Facilitator read moreGET SOCIAL WITH US! contact us