THEO Technologies - cutting-edge video, efficiently and on any device Products THEOplayer Overview SDKs HTML5 / Tizen / webOS SDK Android / FireTV SDK iOS / tvOS SDK Roku SDK React Native SDK Flutter SDK Demos Test Your Stream Supported Platforms Open Video UI THEOlive Overview Use Cases iGaming Sports Betting Solutions Video streaming for smart TV Low latency live streaming Cross-platform playback Playback on set-top boxes High efficiency streaming React Native OTT Apps Flutter OTT Apps Pricing THEOplayer THEOlive Developers THEOplayer Getting started Platforms & SDKs API reference Sample apps Connectors THEOlive Guides API reference Resources Blogs Customer Stories Downloads Events Market Research Report 2024 Webinars Login More results Products THEOplayer Overview SDKs HTML5 / Tizen / webOS SDK Android / FireTV SDK iOS / tvOS SDK Roku SDK React Native SDK Flutter SDK Demos Test Your Stream Supported Platforms Open Video UI THEOlive Overview Use Cases iGaming Sports Betting Solutions Video streaming for smart TV Low latency live streaming Cross-platform playback Playback on set-top boxes High efficiency streaming React Native OTT Apps Flutter OTT Apps Pricing THEOplayer THEOlive Developers THEOplayer Getting started Platforms & SDKs API reference Sample apps Connectors THEOlive Guides API reference Resources Blogs Customer Stories Downloads Events Market Research Report 2024 Webinars Login We don't compromise on video quality or latency, nor should you We make it easy for developers to deliver cutting-edge video, efficiently and on any device. Trusted by companies around the globe THEO products Products to easily power high-quality online video experiences to your viewers Bring cutting-edge video playback efficiently on any device with our award-winning video player. Learn More Bring high-quality interactive low latency live video to any audience size in minutes with our real-time video API at scale.Learn More N°1 video playback on smart TVs Top-notch viewer experience on all smart and connected TV platforms, including Samsung Tizen, LG webOS, Vizio, HbbTV, Android TV, Fire TV and Roku High-quality playback Premium content deserves a premium viewer experience. Bring your content to live with 4K and HDR. Extensive device coverage Empower any smart TV to deliver a flawless viewer experience. We got you covered, regardless of the model or operating system. Seamless integrations Proven interoperability with leading packaging, DRM and SSAI solutions, thanks to our extensive partnership network. Market Report The State of Cross-Platform Video Playback 2024 Trends and challenges for media & entertainment companies deploying premium video experiences cross-platform Download now Case Study: How the NFL Delivers a Great Video Experience Monday, April 15 | 2:45 PM - 3:15 PM PST NAB Show - Streaming SummitLas Vegas Convention Center, W108-W109 Register Now Low latency live streaming Avoid spoilers and create interactive experiences at scale through HTTP-based streaming with LL-DASH, LL-HLS and HESP Seamless playback Bring the same high-quality video playback to your viewers at low latency, whether you are looking for latencies on par with broadcast, or if you want to stream at sub-second latency. Extensive feature set Reducing your latency does not mean reducing your features. Leverage the full power of THEOplayer with all features in low latency mode. In-sync delivery Deliver viewer experiences over OTT synchronized with broadcast, to avoid spoiler effects, independent of the device your neighbors are using. Interactive viewer experience Do you have a real need for speed? Create high-quality interactive playback experiences easily, whether it's for betting, auctions, virtual events or other interactive use cases. Seamless playback Extensive feature set In-sync delivery Interactive viewer experience Seamless playback Extensive feature set In-sync delivery Interactive viewer experience What our customers are saying "After careful examination, THEO convinced us with their wide platform coverage and comprehensive peripheral integrations with other streaming solutions. More importantly, their technical expertise and quality of support have helped guide us throughout the entire migration process.” Streaming Engineer Telenor Sverige Streaming Engineer "During our discussions with THEO, we were convinced by their expertise, proven product and the solid drive for innovation. Furthermore, during implementation, we have noticed that their level of support is outstanding.” Head of TV Engineering and Operations VOO Head of TV Engineering and Operations “We believe that THEO will be a long-term partner who will be able to walk alongside us, as our business continues to grow and evolve, providing us with consistent peace of mind.” Digital Product Manager Play Media Digital Product Manager “Thanks to the fast implementation of THEOplayer, students could view their courses on their TV in a matter of days.” Head of ICT KU Leuven University Head of ICT “Working with THEO’s HTML5 SDK and API, we were able to create the unique playback or live stream that coaches and players need.” Principal Engineer Hudl Principal Engineer “THEOplayer has done a great job seamlessly making their React Native SDK feel like a battle-tested React Native standard library. The performance of their player also exceeded our expectations, even when playing in development mode and on lesser hardware, common amongst TVs” IPTV Lead developer Pavlov Media IPTV Lead developer “THEOlive offers high-quality real-time streaming with multi-view experiences, which is perfect for live streaming multiple camera angles of concerts, in combination with fan engagement. Great support!” Chief Technical Officer STABY “THEOlive works well with the Akamai CDN providing stable 700ms latency end-to-end.” Chief Architect, Edge Technology Group Akamai "After careful examination, THEO convinced us with their wide platform coverage and comprehensive peripheral integrations with other streaming solutions. More importantly, their technical expertise and quality of support have helped guide us throughout the entire migration process.” Streaming Engineer Telenor Sverige Streaming Engineer “After moving from open source to THEOplayer, we significantly improved our viewer experience. We've managed to reduce our buffering rate and latency dramatically. Two numbers which are key for us." Engineering Manager Hopin Engineering Manager "During our discussions with THEO, we were convinced by their expertise, proven product and the solid drive for innovation. Furthermore, during implementation, we have noticed that their level of support is outstanding.” Head of TV Engineering and Operations VOO Head of TV Engineering and Operations “We believe that THEO will be a long-term partner who will be able to walk alongside us, as our business continues to grow and evolve, providing us with consistent peace of mind.” Digital Product Manager SBS Belgium Digital Product Manager “Thanks to the fast implementation of THEOplayer, students could view their courses on their TV in a matter of days.” Head of ICT KU Leuven University Head of ICT “Working with THEO’s HTML5 SDK and API, we were able to create the unique playback or live stream that coaches and players need.” Principal Engineer Hudl Principal Engineer “THEOplayer has done a great job seamlessly making their React Native SDK feel like a battle-tested React Native standard library. The performance of their player also exceeded our expectations, even when playing in development mode and on lesser hardware, common amongst TVs” IPTV Lead developer Pavlov Media IPTV Lead developer “THEOlive offers high-quality real-time streaming with multi-view experiences, which is perfect for live streaming multiple camera angles of concerts, in combination with fan engagement. Great support!” Chief Technical Officer STABY “THEOlive works well with the Akamai CDN providing stable 700ms latency end-to-end.” Chief Architect, Edge Technology Group Akamai Best-in-class playback on every platform Viewers want the best possible online viewing experience, everywhere. HTML5 / Tizen / webOS SDK Android / Fire TV SDK iOS / tvOS SDK Roku SDK React Native SDK Flutter SDK N°1 React Native video player Easily add video to your React Native apps. Accelerate your time-to-market and reduce effort needed for initial development and maintenance thanks to the THEOplayer React Native support. Watch the VOD of the Webinar Benefits of a commercial React Native video player vs DIY with open source Willem De Saegher, Tom Van Laerhoven and William Van Haevre shared their experience on: The benefits of using a React Native video player. Implementing the react-native-video open source library for a leading media & entertainment company. Developing the THEOplayer React Native bridges for Web, Android and iOS. Comparison between the two approaches. How to choose the right approach for your use case. Willem De Saegher VP GlobalSales Tom Van Laerhoven Core PlaybackEngineer William Van Haevre IntegrationEngineer Industry-wide recognition THEOlive wins CSI Award for Best Live OTT Technology or Service Where to meet us Want to deliver high-quality online video experiences to your viewers, efficiently? We’d love to talk about how we can help you with your video player, low latency live delivery and advertisement needs. Want to deliver high-quality online video experiences to your viewers, efficiently? Our team is standing by to discuss your requirements, how we can support you, and deliver a demo of our solutions. Subscribe to news and product updates THEOplayer Pricing Platform Support Demos Test Stream Developers THEOlive Pricing Use Cases iGaming Sports Betting Developers Company Contact Resources Blogs Partners Careers Login Copyright © 2023 THEO Technologies. - Terms & Policies