Home - OSTraining All Courses All Books Memberships Gift Card Shopping Cart No products in the cart. Sign in Sign up OSTraining Shopping Cart No products in the cart. Search for: OSTraining All Courses All Books Memberships Gift Card Search for: Learn from Industry ExpertsOur trainers are also developers with real-world, hands-on experience!View All CoursesGain Mad SkillsNow, more than ever, web development skills are in high-demand. Get yourself & your team tooled-up! View Membership OptionsSet Your PaceOur training allows you to move at a pace that is comfortable for you and your schedule.Get Started Today! Individual Membership Gain access to all the courses and books we offer, plus OSTeach events. Team Memberships Manage your team seats, billings, and reports all in one Team Dashboard. OSTribe Sign up for free to comment, view samples, and join the community. Trusted by these successful organizations & many others: Harvard World Bank Unilever Turner Hamilton High Hewlett Packard Dept. of Educaton Yale Our Newest CoursesThe web world is a fast-paced environment and tools and technology change rapidly. We strive to bring you new content monthly. Not Enrolled 18 Lessons Layout Builder for the Ambitious Site Builder Layout Builder is one of the most powerful tools in Drupal for a site builder. You can create layouts and… Rod Martin See more... Included in Membership Not Enrolled 10 Lessons Migrating Joomla 3 to 4 Joomla 3 reached "End of Life" in August 2023. Moving from Joomla 3 to Joomla 4 is fairly straightforward, but… Rod Martin See more... Included with Membership! Not Enrolled 10 Lessons How to Improve the Editor Experience in Drupal One of the main tasks for a site builder is to make the Content Editor's job as easy as possible… Rod Martin See more... Included with Membership! Not Enrolled 6 Lessons How To Use Drupal As Your Own URL Shortener Service Tired of trying to find "short" URL's at tinyurl.com or one of the other services? In this short course, Rod… Rod Martin See more... Included in Membership Not Enrolled 15 Lessons WP-CLI for Beginners Learn how to start controlling your WordPress site from the command line! Save time on doing many tasks. Nate walks… Nate Finch See more... Included in Membership Not Enrolled 32 Lessons The Ultimate Guide to the Media Module in Drupal One of the best advancements to Drupal with the advent of Drupal 8 and 9 is the Media Module. Drupal… Rod Martin See more... Included in Membership Not Enrolled 52 Lessons Joomla 4 Explained New to Joomla? This course will get you started in Joomla 4 from the ground up. Rod will walk you… Rod Martin See more... Included in Membership Not Enrolled 13 Lessons Moving From Joomla 3 to Joomla 4 So you’ve been using Joomla for years and now there’s a new version that really changes a lot! Rod Martin See more... Included with Membership! Not Enrolled 7 Lessons BigCommerce for WordPress Topher explains how BigCommerce and WordPress work together. Topher DeRosia See more... Included with Membership! 123→ Be in Demand with Our Professional TrainingThe online world is one of constant change and requires you to be a life-long seeker of knowledge and skills to be at top of your game. We help you by creating easy-to-follow courses & books that allow you to learn at your own pace. Robbie Adair, CEO and Self-Proclaimed Geek. Build Relevant Skills We create courses using the most popular tools and platforms in the digital & web development arena, and are constantly adding to our library so you always have new materials ready when you are. Find The Right Path We offer a wide variety of courses, so you can find your niche in the online world. Or, if you have been thrown into a new platform you can get yourself up to speed with our courses or books. Learn From The Professionals Our instructors are speaking from experience! All of our instructors are actively working in the industry, so you are learning from true professionals that understand your needs. Some of our subjects What Our Students Have to Say “Over the past 15 years, we've used more tutorial sites and training videos than we can remember. Often times we never felt like the tutorials gave us complete understanding and that there was more to learn. With OSTraining, we were able to quickly get our interns and new hires up to speed on WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. This allowed them to quickly begin working on real projects in a short amount of time with full confidence in each framework.” Tim Jones Branding, Web Development & Marketing “I have been a subscriber to OSTraining Pro Support for a few years. We have not only saved a fortune getting issues resolved but I have learned so much! They also provide great easy to follow videos for some of the more common questions like "how do I update the Drupal CORE?". Well worth the money!! Pays for itself in no time. ” Beth Everett New York Society For Ethical Culture “My experience with OSTraining has been second to none. Not only do they offer great training at amazing prices they also have a wonderful customer service team. If you are looking for great training, at affordable prices and awesome customer service look no further than OSTraining! ” Heather Compton Eminent Graphic Design “Where do you go when you have a question about web development? OSTraining is a fantastic resource for training on Joomla, Drupal and general web development. But if you want fast chat type support get the premium plan. It is worth every penny, and the turn around is exceptionally fast. A great service with great support at a reasonable cost.” William Slaughter JDevTech Web Services Join Our Thousands of Happy Students​For more than decade, we have trained over 100,000 students via our live classrooms, online classrooms, online courses, and books. We love what we do & we love helping our students learn new platforms, tools, techniques, and skills! Start Learning Today! ^^ Back to Top ^^ About Our Team Podcast Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Service Refund Policy Contact Us © 2024 - OSTraining, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Report There was a problem reporting this post. Harassment Harassment or bullying behavior Inappropriate Contains mature or sensitive content Misinformation Contains misleading or false information Offensive Contains abusive or derogatory content Suspicious Contains spam, fake content or potential malware Other Report note Report Block Member? Please confirm you want to block this member. You will no longer be able to: See blocked member's posts Mention this member in posts Invite this member to groups Add this member as a connection Please note: This action will also remove this member from your connections and send a report to the site admin. Please allow a few minutes for this process to complete. Confirm Report You have already reported this .