POWER Magazine :: Power generation news and jobs in coal, gas, nuclear, renewables News & Technology for the Global Energy Industry Featured Categories Sign up Log In Open Navigation Search PAGES Advertise / Media Kit Archives Blog BrandConnect Industry Events Interactive Features Jobs Newsletters Podcasts POWER Awards POWER Plant ID Press Releases Store Videos Webinars White Papers CATEGORIES COVID-19 Coverage Biomass Business Carbon Capture Climate change Coal Connected Plant Courts Cybersecurity Distributed Energy Distributed Power Electric Vehicles Energy Storage Environmental Finance Fuel Fuel Cells Gas Geothermal HR Hydro Hydrogen IIOT Instrumentation & Controls International Legal & Regulatory Legislative Markets Marmaduke Nuclear Ocean/Marine O&M Physical security Plant Design Power Demand Renewables Research and Development Safety Smart Grid Solar Supply Chains Synfuel Technology Tidal Power Top Plant T&D Waste to Energy Water Wind Workforce Log In Current POWER Magazine Issue Issue | Mar 1 POWER is at the forefront of the global power market, providing in-depth news and insight on the end-to-end electricity system and the ongoing energy transition. We strive to be the “go-to” resource for power professionals, offering a wealth of information on innovative business practices, sound safety measures, useful productivity enhancements, and much more. Start your subscription About POWER Contact Us Privacy Policy Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Accessibility Statement Site Map © 2024 Access Intelligence, LLC - All Rights Reserved. POWER Plant ID POWER Events Business Coal Connected Plant Distributed Energy Gas International Nuclear O&M Renewables Categories | Category COVID-19 Coverage Biomass Business Carbon Capture Climate change Coal Connected Plant Courts Cybersecurity Distributed Energy Distributed Power Electric Vehicles Energy Storage Environmental Finance Fuel Fuel Cells Gas Geothermal HR Hydro Hydrogen IIOT Instrumentation & Controls International Legal & Regulatory Legislative Markets Marmaduke Nuclear Ocean/Marine O&M Physical security Plant Design Power Demand Renewables Research and Development Safety Smart Grid Solar Supply Chains Synfuel Technology Tidal Power Top Plant T&D Waste to Energy Water Wind Workforce About POWER Contact Us Privacy Policy Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Accessibility Statement Site Map © 2024 Access Intelligence, LLC - All Rights Reserved. Featured Nuclear | March 5, 2024 Nuclear Power on the Moon? Russia, China Working on a Plan The head of Russia’s space agency said his country and China have been working on a program to build a nuclear power plant on the moon, with an eye toward […] by Darrell Proctor Featured News Nuclear | March 4, 2024 AWS Acquiring Data Center Campus Powered by Nuclear Energy Legal & Regulatory | March 4, 2024 NRC Sets Stage for Advanced Nuclear with New Part 53 Rule Interview | March 4, 2024 The POWER Interview: Engineering the Best Use of Data in the Electricity Sector Trends | March 1, 2024 Shifting Gears: How Diesel and Gas Engines Are Thriving in the New Power Paradigm Current POWER Magazine Issue Issue | Mar 1 POWER is at the forefront of the global power market, providing in-depth news and insight on the end-to-end electricity system and the ongoing energy transition. We strive to be the “go-to” resource for power professionals, offering a wealth of information on innovative business practices, sound safety measures, useful productivity enhancements, and much more. Subscribe Today! The POWER Newsletters Sign up POWER Events Connected Plant Conference Digital technology improvements and an ever-growing field of applications are reshaping the power and chemical process industries. Stay on top of key trends and possibilities at the Connected Plant Conference - The ONLY event covering digital transformation/digitalization for the power and chemical process industries. May 20 — May 22, 2024 Houston, TX Visit our site P3 Electrified Summit POWER is joining with the P3 infrastructure group at Access Intelligence to present the P3 Electrified Summit. The event brings together electric utilities, energy companies, government agencies, city planners, and businesses providing products and services to support the transition to electrification. The two-day summit will include sessions about transportation, from electric vehicles to electrified bus and truck fleets, along with… Sep 17 — Sep 18, 2024 San Diego, CA Visit our site Distributed Energy Conference The Distributed Energy Conference brings together utility-scale electricity providers with other power generators, including commercial and industrial facilities, educational institutions, cooperatives, and private enterprise, to dive into real-life applications, project planning, and the business and financial aspects of distributed generation. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Experience POWER Experience POWER week is the intimate, solutions-driven event where electricity generators meet to collaborate with energy leaders across multiple verticals to overcome disruptions to ensure a reliable energy future. The event is designed to bring the pages of POWER magazine to life and is made up of three conferences: Distributed Energy Conference, Electric Power Insights, and HydrogeNext. Since there is… Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site HydrogeNext HydrogeNext covers the full hydrogen energy value chain from production to distribution and end-use, bringing together power generation and chemical process industry professionals to collaborate and learn about the fast-paced advances being made toward a hydrogen economy. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Plant Management Institute The Plant Management Institute is held during Experience POWER Week. The Plant Management Institute is a network of electric power industry leaders dedicated to creating a forum and peer support network for knowledge transfer among the industry’s plant management. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Electric Power Insights Electric Power Insights addresses traditional power generation topics from generation to delivery, covering the full energy value chain across all fuel types – gas, coal, nuclear, and renewables. It provides real-world, actionable content and case studies for plant managers, operations and maintenance teams, EPCs, plant engineers, and more, providing the knowledge needed to run reliable, safe, efficient power plants. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site What's new Sustainability | March 1, 2024 UK's Drax Eyes U.S. for Bioenergy CCS Expansion Drive by Sonal Patel Workforce | March 1, 2024 Energy Industry Job Market Is Growing Fast, but Finding Workers Is Challenging by Aaron Larson Hybrid Power | March 1, 2024 Commercial, Industrial Sites Embrace Innovation for New Generation by Darrell Proctor Trends | March 1, 2024 Understanding Future Prospects for Hydrogen, Energy Storage, and Renewables by Aaron Larson Nuclear | March 1, 2024 A Closer Look at Two Operational Small Modular Reactor Designs by Aaron Larson Coal | March 1, 2024 Coal Continues as Key Part of Japan’s Energy Mix by Darrell Proctor Whitepapers Machine Health sponsored by Baker Hughes Company ABB brings Advanced Analytics and Enhanced Asset Performance into Reach sponsored by ABB Industrial Boilers: What will it take to prepare them to run with hydrogen blends and for 100% hydrogen? sponsored by Rentech Boiler Systems, Inc. See more Whitepapers Webinars Sponsored by BWXT Nuclear Energy Unveiled-A three-part webinar series: Micro Reactors Available on demand until February 27, 2025 REGISTER Learn more Sponsored by GE VERNOVA How GE Vernova’s Monitoring & Diagnostics Center Scaled APM to 1000+ Power Plants Live on March 14, 2024 REGISTER Learn more Sponsored by Limble Reduce Downtime by Creating the Right Maintenance Strategy Available on demand until February 15, 2025 REGISTER Learn more View more Webinars News and Notes | March 1, 2024 POWER Digest [March 2024] by POWER Engineering | March 1, 2024 Marnie Surfaceblow: Marnie Finds a Pest by Una Nowling, PE O&M | March 1, 2024 Sustaining Safe Nuclear Energy with Nondestructive Testing by Robert (Bob) Stakenborghs Commentary | March 1, 2024 What Does the Nuclear Industry Need to Do to Scale Production Toward Net-Zero Goals? by Simon Emeny Legal & Regulatory | March 1, 2024 Overcoming Hurdles in Offshore Wind Development: Ireland in a Race Against Time by Aidan Eames O&M | March 1, 2024 How HIL Testing Supports Grid Reliability and Power Project Success by Contributed Content Top Videos High Energy Efficiency Plateflow® Gasketed Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers Simplifying Broadband Deployments Why Specify Proco Products, Inc.? See more Videos POWER is at the forefront of the global power market, providing in-depth news and insight on the end-to-end electricity system and the ongoing energy transition. We strive to be the “go-to” resource for power professionals, offering a wealth of information on innovative business practices, sound safety measures, useful productivity enhancements, and much more. Subscribe Today! Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn POWER is at the forefront of the global power market, providing in-depth news and insight on the end-to-end electricity system and the ongoing energy transition. We strive to be the “go-to” resource for power professionals, offering a wealth of information on innovative business practices, sound safety measures, useful productivity enhancements, and much more. Start your subscription High Energy Efficiency Plateflow® Gasketed Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers POWER Events Connected Plant Conference Digital technology improvements and an ever-growing field of applications are reshaping the power and chemical process industries. Stay on top of key trends and possibilities at the Connected Plant Conference - The ONLY event covering digital transformation/digitalization for the power and chemical process industries. May 20 — May 22, 2024 Houston, TX Visit our site P3 Electrified Summit POWER is joining with the P3 infrastructure group at Access Intelligence to present the P3 Electrified Summit. The event brings together electric utilities, energy companies, government agencies, city planners, and businesses providing products and services to support the transition to electrification. The two-day summit will include sessions about transportation, from electric vehicles to electrified bus and truck fleets, along with… Sep 17 — Sep 18, 2024 San Diego, CA Visit our site Distributed Energy Conference The Distributed Energy Conference brings together utility-scale electricity providers with other power generators, including commercial and industrial facilities, educational institutions, cooperatives, and private enterprise, to dive into real-life applications, project planning, and the business and financial aspects of distributed generation. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Experience POWER Experience POWER week is the intimate, solutions-driven event where electricity generators meet to collaborate with energy leaders across multiple verticals to overcome disruptions to ensure a reliable energy future. The event is designed to bring the pages of POWER magazine to life and is made up of three conferences: Distributed Energy Conference, Electric Power Insights, and HydrogeNext. Since there is… Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site HydrogeNext HydrogeNext covers the full hydrogen energy value chain from production to distribution and end-use, bringing together power generation and chemical process industry professionals to collaborate and learn about the fast-paced advances being made toward a hydrogen economy. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Plant Management Institute The Plant Management Institute is held during Experience POWER Week. The Plant Management Institute is a network of electric power industry leaders dedicated to creating a forum and peer support network for knowledge transfer among the industry’s plant management. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site Electric Power Insights Electric Power Insights addresses traditional power generation topics from generation to delivery, covering the full energy value chain across all fuel types – gas, coal, nuclear, and renewables. It provides real-world, actionable content and case studies for plant managers, operations and maintenance teams, EPCs, plant engineers, and more, providing the knowledge needed to run reliable, safe, efficient power plants. Oct 9 — Oct 11, 2024 Orlando, FL Visit our site About POWER Contact Us Privacy Policy Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Accessibility Statement Site Map © 2024 Access Intelligence, LLC - All Rights Reserved.