Toulouse Hacking Convention Home Pre-challenge Program Tickets Sponsors CFP Committees History 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 April 4th & 5th, 2024 - Save the date ! Capture The Flag on April 6th, Organization to be determined Marthe Condat auditorium, Paul Sabatier University, Toulouse Discord Don't hesitate to ask all your questions on our Discord server! Click to join → This year's Keynotes This year, THCon is delighted to feature 3 exceptional keynotes from renowned speakers: Jiska Classen (Secure Mobile Networking Lab), Daniel Gruss (Graz University of Technology) and Mike Ryan (ICE9 Consulting). Presentation The Toulouse Hacking Convention (or THCon) is a cybersecurity conference that brings together hobbyists, professionals and researchers! Since its inception in 2017, the THCon was held every year in Toulouse, France. Today, it is an unmissable cybersecurity event in Occitania, and beyond. Who are we? Behind the THCon stands a team of security enthusiasts, investing their energy together to create a major cybersecurity event, open to everyone. Our team is made of professionals, students and researchers from all over France, willing to share their knowledge with others. Interested in joining the adventure? Please contact us, we would be very happy to hear from you! INCREASINGLY POPULAR 2017 Start of the adventure thanks to a team of cybersecurity enthusiasts 2O18 300 participants 2022 1 800 international participants 2024 A hybrid face-to-face and remote conference to accommodate even more people. The 2024 edition We are very happy to announce that the 8th edition of your favorite cybersecurity conference is on track, and that it will be in-person! THCon 2024 will take place in the Marthe Condat auditorium of the Paul Sabatier University on Thursday, April 4th and Friday, April 5th. The CTF will take place at the ENSEEIHT on Saturday, April 6th. April 4th Thursday April 5th Friday April 6th Saturday 9:00 10:15 Keynote & Presentations Keynote & Presentations Break Break Capture The Flag Apr 6th 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM on site Apr 6th 10:00 AM to Apr 7th 10:00 AM online (hours in local time : UTC+2) 10:45 12:00 Presentations Presentations Lunch & Sponsors Forum Lunch & Sponsors Forum 14:00 16:15 Presentations Presentations Break Break 16:30 17:00 17:30 Rumps Presentations 17:30 21:00 Social Event & Award Ceremony RUMPS We will organize a rump session on Thursday! More information to come, stay tuned! The CTF Like the three previous editions, we will again organize a "Capture The Flag". In that competition, players have to put their hacking skills into practice to solve cybersecurity challenges, like exploiting a flaw in a website, extracting data embedded in a memory image, finding vulnerabilities in an encryption protocol and much more… The resolution of each challenge gives you a "flag", a password needed to win points. The goal, as you might have guessed, is simply to score as much points as possible. This CTF will take place during the Saturday that follows the talks, and the organization is yet to be seen. More information will come on our social networks. INTERNATIONAL INFLUENCE In the last few editions, the CTF in hybrid face-to-face and distance learning format has captivated passionate and professional participants from all over the world! 600+ participants 12 countries 4 continents This is partly due to the sponsorship of two international cybersecurity challenge platforms : Prizes The winning teams will win fancy prizes such as hacker equipment, t-shirts and many other surprises! List of prizes is coming soon ! ... Creation of challenges In addition, if you want to contribute by working with us to provide new challenges, we would be pleased to hear from you. We have written some details there on our expectations. You can also contact us by email: contact@thcon.fr. Please be aware that if you submit a challenge you will not be able to compete in the CTF (but you can still play of course, you just can't win prizes!). COVID Restrictions We currently plan to let anyone come on-site. Please keep in mind the restrictions may change depending on the health situation in April. We will do our best to keep everyone updated. News Stay tuned for more! If you want to follow us or interact with us, we're present on many social networks, not only Twitter. Pick your favorite poison : Twitter Facebook Youtube LinkedIn Discord Mail Tweets by ToulouseHacking Partners THCon would not be possible without the support of our partners : Sponsors Interested in sponsoring us for the 2024 edition? Please reach out to us at contact@thcon.fr, we are impatient to hear from you! If you want more details about last year's sponsors, just check this link. 🥇 gold gold sponsors to be announced soon! Want to be one? email-us! 🥈 silver silver sponsors to be announced soon! Want to be one? email-us! 🥉 bronze bronze sponsors to be announced soon! Want to be one? email-us! Code of conduct 2024 – Made with love, from Toulouse Twitter Facebook Youtube LinkedIn Discord Mail