Business | Time TIME logo Sign In My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Subscribe Subscribe Sign Up for Our Ideas Newsletter Close My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Sections Home U.S. Politics World Health Climate Future of Work by Charter Business Tech Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine TIME 2030 Next Generation Leaders TIME100 Leadership Series TIME Studios Video TIME100 Talks TIMEPieces The TIME Vault TIME for Health TIME for Kids TIME Edge TIME CO2 Red Border: Branded Content by TIME Coupons Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Join Us Newsletters Subscribe Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store TIME Cover Store Customer Care US & Canada Global Help Center Reach Out Careers Press Room Contact the Editors Media Kit Reprints and Permissions More About Us Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement Site Map Connect with Us Business Companies finance Economy Money Regulation America's Top GreenTech Companies 2024 How TIME and Statista Determined America's Top GreenTech Companies of 2024 By TIME Staff Apple Fined Nearly $2 Billion by European Union By Kelvin Chan / AP China's Economic Slump Is Here to Stay By James H. Nolt More in Business CVS and Walgreens to Begin Offering Abortion Pills CVS and Walgreens will begin dispensing the abortion pill mifepristone this March, the companies confirmed to TIME. By Solcyré Burga March 1, 2024 Why Elon Musk Is Suing OpenAI The lawsuit makes a substantial claim that could fundamentally reshape how OpenAI and its partner Microsoft do business. By Billy Perrigo March 1, 2024 Anant Ambani's Indian Billionaire Pre-Wedding. What to Know Billionaire tycoon Mukesh Ambani is hosting pre-wedding festivities for his son, 28-year-old Anant, in what promises to be a lavish affair. By Astha Rajvanshi March 1, 2024 No Recession? Thank Women Work from home flexibility has meant more women are working and that may be the reason the U.S. hasn't had a recession. By Joanne Lipman March 1, 2024 $75 Billion Lost to Pig-Butchering Scam, New Study Estimates “These are large criminal organized networks, and they’re operating largely unscathed,” said the lead author of the study, which tracked the flow of funds through crypto exchanges. By Zeke Faux / Bloomberg February 29, 2024 Oprah Winfrey Leaving WeightWatchers Board Shares of WW International Inc. tumbled more than 23% in Thursday, Feb. 29, 2024 trading. By Associated Press February 29, 2024 Meta Hit With European Complaints Over Data for Targeted Ads Eight consumer groups are accusing Meta of violating E.U. data-collection consent rules by creating a “smokescreen” that offers users the choice of ad-free services as long as they pay. By Stephanie Bodoni / Bloomberg February 29, 2024 Thousands of Black Workers Can Sue Tesla for Racism, Judge Rules The lawsuit was first filed in 2017 by a Tesla worker who claimed that the factory production floor was a “hotbed of racist behavior.” By Robert Burnson / Bloomberg February 29, 2024 Disney and Reliance to Merge India Media Operations Disney and billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s conglomerate have signed a binding pact to merge their media operations in India, creating a sector behemoth valued at $8.5 billion. By P R Sanjai / Bloomberg February 28, 2024 Why Redditors Hate Reddit's IPO Reddit will allow its most active users to buy shares in its IPO. But many of those users are skeptical it will succeed. By Andrew R. Chow February 27, 2024 Is Wendy's Surge Pricing Going to Become the New Normal? Wendy's will pilot a “dynamic pricing” model, in which prices will fluctuate depending on demand. Other brands may follow. By Simmone Shah February 27, 2024 E.U. to Probe Microsoft's Mistral AI Deal A European Commission spokesperson said that regulators will analyze Microsoft’s investment into Mistral AI. By Samuel Stolton / Bloomberg February 27, 2024 Jacob Rothschild, Famous Financier and Philanthropist, Dead at 87 The Rothschild family has an estimated fortune of about $1 billion, and reportedly gives away millions to Jewish causes, education, and art. By Associated Press February 26, 2024 Microsoft Strikes Deal with Mistral AI The deal with the French AI company could lessen the software giant's reliance on ChatGPT-maker OpenAI. By Associated Press February 26, 2024 South Korea’s Carbon Trading Program Enriches Biggest Emitters, Per Climate Advocates Cap-and-trade is supposed to make the biggest carbon emitters pay for their pollution. But Seoul-based group Plan 1.5 says South Korea’s system has helped those companies make millions. By Heesu Lee / Bloomberg February 26, 2024 AT&T to Reimburse Customers Impacted by Hours-Long Outage AT&T will reimburse some customers after a major hours-long cell and internet outage. Find out if you qualify. By Mallory Moench February 25, 2024 More from TIME More From TIME TIME logo Home U.S. Politics World Health Business Tech Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Future of Work by Charter Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine The TIME Vault TIME For Kids TIME CO2 Coupons TIME Edge Video Masthead Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Benefits Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store Careers Modern Slavery Statement Press Room TIME Studios U.S. & Canada Customer Care Global Help Center Contact the Editors Reprints and Permissions Site Map Media Kit Supplied Partner Content About Us © 2024 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (Your Privacy Rights) and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.