Climate Change Committee Skip to content Menu HomeAboutAbout the CommitteeOur expertiseTransparencyCareersNews & insightsNewsInsightsComing upPublicationsClimate actionUK action on climate changeInternational action on climate changeCalls for evidenceResourcesContact the CommitteeWhat is climate change?Search for: Future emissions targets must not be loosened The Third Carbon Budget (2018 to 2022) was met with a surplus, assisted by the economy-shrinking effects of the pandemic. The Committee has written to Minister Graham Stuart, congratulating the Government for meeting its legal obligations, but advising unequivocally that surplus emissions must not be carried forward to loosen later carbon budgets. Read more Take me straight to Net Zero reports Progress reports UK carbon budgets Scotland reports Wales reports NI reports Letters Supporting research Climate change risk assessment All reports > Features Our key reports Proposed methodology for the Seventh Carbon Budget In early 2025 we will advise the UK on the level of its Seventh Carbon Budget. The CCC has started the analytical work that will underpin the advice. Read our intended methodological approach. Watch the video explainer of our proposed methodology. View the call for evidence for the Seventh Carbon Budget. Progress in reducing emissions This latest report required under the Climate Change Act, is a comprehensive overview of the UK Government’s progress to date on reducing emissions. Watch our briefing which describes the key messages from the report Watch the Q&A session we held with our Committee members. Read the press release and full report. Progress in adapting to climate change This latest report required under the Climate Change Act, is a comprehensive overview of the Government’s progress to date on adapting the country to climate change. Watch our online launch which described the key messages from the report. Read the press release and full report. News & Insights Latest news and insights News 5 March 2024 Professor Keith Bell has CCC contract extended Read more News 28 February 2024 Future emissions targets must not be loosened Read more News 30 January 2024 COP28 outcomes must lead to acceleration of action in the UK Read more News 11 January 2024 Chris Stark to step down as Chief Executive of the CCC Read more The UK's independent adviser on tackling climate change. The Climate Change Committee (CCC) is an independent, statutory body established under the Climate Change Act 2008. Our purpose is to advise the UK and devolved governments on emissions targets and to report to Parliament on progress made in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and preparing for and adapting to the impacts of climate change. Information Copyright, terms and conditions Privacy and cookies Freedom of information Accessibility Sitemap Contact us Follow us Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. We'd also like your consent to collect data to study how people use our site. Select 'Accept all' or choose which cookies we use here. You can change your mind at any time by visiting our privacy and cookies page. Accept All Settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytical Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. You can make your choices here and update them at any time by visiting our privacy and cookies page. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie are enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytical Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes