Fitbit Official Site for Activity Trackers & More Looking for something new? Meet Charge 6 & Pixel Watch 2. Shop now PRODUCTS PRODUCTS Smartwatches Trackers Premium Accessories Smart Scale What's New Designer Collections Shop All Products EXPERIENCES Setup Process NOT SURE WHICH PRODUCT IS RIGHT FOR YOU? Take the Quiz Compare Products NEW Fitbit Charge 6 Fitbit Sense 2 NEW Accessories TECHNOLOGY Fitbit App Google Apps Daily Readiness Score Health Metrics & SpO2 AFib Assessments Stress Management 24/7 Heart Rate Sleep Tracking Active Zone Minutes Fitbit Pay Compatible Devices EXCLUSIVES PROMO STORES {{initials}} {{userName}} My Dashboard My Account Log Out Items in cart: PRODUCTS TECHNOLOGY Fitbit App Google Apps Daily Readiness Score Health Metrics & SpO2 AFib Assessments Stress Management 24/7 Heart Rate Sleep Tracking Active Zone Minutes Fitbit Pay Compatible Devices EXCLUSIVES PROMO STORES Sign in My Cart 0 My Dashboard My Account Log Out Take the Quiz NOT SURE WHICH PRODUCT IS RIGHT FOR YOU? Compare Products Press Enter to submit Tap to search NEW Fitbit motivation. Google innovation. Shop Pixel Watch 2 Shop Charge 6 NEW Our #1 tracker. Now with Google. Shop Charge 6 Trending smartwatches & trackers Fitbit Charge 6™ NEW Select a color Obsidian and Black Aluminum Porcelain / Silver Aluminum Coral and Champagne Gold Aluminum Shop Fitbit Charge 6 Shop Google Pixel Watch 2 4G LTE + Bluetooth / Wi-Fi NEW Select a color Bay blue and polished silver Porcelain white and silver aluminum Hazel green and champagne gold Obsidian black and black aluminum Shop Google Pixel Watch 2 Shop Fitbit Versa 4™ Select a color Black and graphite black aluminum Waterfall blue and platinum aluminum Pink sand and copper rose aluminum Beet juice red and copper rose aluminum Shop Fitbit Versa 4 Shop Fitbit Luxe™ Select a color Black and graphite black stainless steel Lunar white and soft gold stainless steel Orchid pink and platinum stainless steel Shop gorjana for Fitbit Luxe Special Edition Shop Fitbit Sense 2™ Select a color Shadow grey and graphite black aluminum Lunar white and platinum aluminum Blue mist and soft gold aluminum Shop Fitbit Sense 2 Shop Fitbit Inspire 3™ Select a color Midnight zen black and black Lilac bliss purple and black Morning glow yellow orange and black Shop Fitbit Inspire 3 Shop Can’t decide? We’ve got you covered. Take a quick quiz to find your perfect fit. Start the quiz The new Fitbit app: it's all about you. Designed to keep you close to your goals, boost your motivation and show your progress on your health and fitness journey. Learn more Level up your fitness routine Access a full library of workouts led by Fitbit’s expert trainers. Use your Daily Readiness Score to optimize your routine. Learn more Power your population health programs with Fitbit Care Learn more Did you know? Fitbit is now part of Google. Read more on the blog Get the inside scoop on all things Fitbit. Enter your email address Oops! Please check that the email you’ve entered is correct. Thanks for signing up! Stay tuned for future updates. Explore products Follow us Support Product Help Wear & Care Community Support Product Help Wear & Care Community LEGAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Ad Choices LEGAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Ad Choices PARTNERS Retailers For Developers PARTNERS Retailers For Developers COMPANY Contact Us Careers Sustainability Press Relations Blog COMPANY Contact Us Careers Sustainability Press Relations Blog HEALTH SOLUTIONS Employers Health Plans Workforce Health Health Systems Researchers Partners Healthcare Providers HEALTH SOLUTIONS Employers Health Plans Workforce Health Health Systems Researchers Partners Healthcare Providers United States Sorry, the code is invalid Promo success Remove Item Proceed to remove item from shopping cart? Yes No Are you sure? Proceed to remove item from shopping cart. Yes No Error Adding to Cart Error Adding to Cart You can only purchase one membership at a time. The membership will be linked to your Fitbit account. If you would like to upgrade to another membership, complete your order, navigate back to the cart to add another membership. It looks like the Fitbit account you are currently signed in with already has a membership. Thanks for being a member! If you are trying to purchase a membership for another account, please sign in with that account before making a purchase. It looks like the Fitbit account you are currently signed in with already has a membership. Thanks for being a member! If you are trying to purchase a membership for another account, please sign in with that account before making a purchase. Limit one bundle per order. Uh oh! Something went wrong. If the action you attempted failed, please try again. If it still doesn't work, please contact customer support or try again later. Proceed OK Add up to 2 products to compare Add another product to compare Compare Clear & close Close Compare products Use the arrows to choose products to compare. Which product is right for you? Take the quiz