Home - Rails to Trails Conservancy | Rails to Trails Conservancy Home - Rails to Trails Conservancy Skip to content TrailLink Great American Rail-Trail TrailNation Funding for Trails Press Room My Account Logout Experience Trails What We Do Support Us Resources & Tools About Us TrailBlog Store Donate Renew Donate Experience Trails What We Do Support Us Resources & Tools About Us TrailBlog Store Press Room My Account Logout Donate Renew TrailLink Great American Rail-Trail TrailNation Funding for Trails Main Menu Find a Trail Near You TrailLink is your guide to finding, exploring and enjoying the best multiuse trails nationwide. Find Trails Experience Trails Top Trails In Every State Great American Rail-Trail Celebrate Trails Day Trail Moments Hall of Fame Rail-Trail Champions Trail Tips The Magazine TrailBlog Benefits of Trails Trails and equitable trail networks are essential to the well-being of people, places and the planet. This infrastructure uniquely contributes to some of the most pressing challenges communities face, relating to the economy, mobility and transportation, climate, health and wellness. Learn how trails benefit communities Main Menu Connecting everyone, everywhere RTC’s TrailNation™ initiative is redefining how the country builds trail networks by bringing together the model projects, champions and resources needed to more quickly create and connect the nation’s trails, unlocking the impact that equitable trail systems can have on people and places. Learn about TrailNation Areas of Focus Advocating For Trails & Active Transportation Securing Public Funding Supporting Trail Builders America's Trail Networks Protecting Trails in the Courts Research, Mapping Trails & GIS Trail Grants Program Our Initiatives Great American Rail-Trail TrailNation: Connecting America's Trails Partnership For Active Transportation Transportation Alternatives Data Exchange (TrADE) TrailLink: Trail Finder Platform Main Menu Create, Protect and Connect Trails Our members are helping to build a nation connected by trails—creating, protecting and connecting trails to provide safe outdoor spaces for everyone, everywhere to walk, bike and be active. Become a member Support Us Donate Learn About RTC Membership Renew Membership Gift A Membership Trailblazer Society Other Ways To Give Ways To Help Sign Up For Newsletters Subscribe To Magazine Support Great American Rail-Trail Subscribe To The Magazine Leave A Legacy for Trails Take Action Main Menu Become Part of the TrailNation (TM) Collaborative Join RTC's learning community where professionals, advocates, volunteers and public leaders come together to share proven tools and methods to establish and grow trail networks nationwide. Join the TrailNation Collaborative Resources Resource Library Webinars & Training Federal Funding Resources Transportation Alternatives Data Exchange (TrADE) Helpful Tools Trail-Building Toolbox TrailNation Playbook Federal Funding Tool TrailLink: Trail Finder Platform Main Menu Reimagining public spaces & connecting communities Our strategic plan outlines RTC’s approach to ensuring that trail networks are prioritized as essential infrastructure by focusing on infrastructure, investment, equity and participation. View Strategic Plan Our Organization Our Story Our History Strategic Plan Team RTC Annual Reports and Finances Careers Contact Us Leading with Equity and Inclusion We know the transformative power of trails—and the potential when trails connect everyone, everywhere. That’s why equity and inclusion are at the forefront of our work. Our commitment to equity and inclusion More than a day outside Memories being made Communities connecting Places thriving Support Trails Our Mission At Rails to Trails Conservancy, we’ve spent decades helping communities leverage the joy that trails uniquely deliver to create meaningful impact. That’s why we’re working for a future where trails connect everyone, everywhere. We’re building a nation connected by trails—reimagining public spaces to create safe ways for everyone to walk, bike and be active outdoors. Learn more about RTC. RTC 2024 Member Survey As a trail supporter, your insights are crucial to us. We want to hear what you think RTC’s top priorities should be in the coming year. Trail user surveys along Circuit Trails | Photo by Katie Harris Take 2024 Member Survey Start Exploring Memories being made. Communities connecting. Places thriving. Find your next trail adventure, and discover why your time on the trail is so much more than a day outside. Find your next trail on TrailLink™, RTC’s trail-finder app. Enter City, State, Zip Search TrailLink or Browse Trails Near You View Top Trails in Your State Read Our TrailBlog Explore the Great American Rail-Trail Tools for Professionals and Advocates Keep Up With The Latest Tapping Into Opportunity: RTC’s Strategic Priorities RTC has been focused on building a nation connected by trails, spreading trails across the country to bring new potential to communities. Here Are Five Fantastic New Rail-Trails That Opened in 2023 Here we spotlight a handful of the exciting new rail-trails that opened in 2023. Five Ways to Grow Support for Trails, Walking and Biking Here are five ways you can become a changemaker for trails, and help build even more momentum for trails and active transportation networks. A Cultural Shift as America’s Trail Networks Take Hold It has been described as a “tipping point,” “critical mass” and “milestone” achievement. Regardless of what it’s called, there’s no doubt that the proliferation of trail networks around the United States is significant. Reimagining Public Spaces As the nation’s largest advocacy organization for trails, walking and bicycling, we’re working hard to make sure trails connect everyone, in every neighborhood across America. We believe in the joy and impact that trails deliver for people, places and the planet, which is why we want trails and trail networks prioritized as essential to healthy, thriving communities. Funding Active Transportation Connecting the Nation’s Trails Protecting Trails and Corridors Inspiring Everyone to Be Active Outside Helping You Find the Best Trails Photo credits (top to bottom): Getty Images; Carroll Park | Photo by Allison Abruscato; Ohio’s Cleveland Foundation Centennial Lake Link Trail | Photo by Jason Cohn; Mount Vernon Trail | Photo by Milo Bateman We see more than a day outside. Everyone deserves access to safe ways to walk, bike and be active outdoors. Ohio’s Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath | Photo by Jason Cohn Learn about Our Commitment to Equity Our Impact Since 1986, we’ve supported the creation of tens of thousands of miles of rail-trails and multiuse trails nationwide by building and championing infrastructure, advocating for public funding for trails and active transportation, and inspiring more people to make trails part of their everyday lives. Here’s a snapshot of our impact. 41,400+ miles of multiuse trail across the country providing people with safe, off-road routes for walking, bicycling, being active and connecting to nature. 150+ trail networks are being built in the U.S., with at least one in every state, showing universal demand for connected active transportation infrastructure. $24 Billion in federal active transportation funding has supported tens of thousands of trail, walking and biking projects, a fraction of the annual ROI they deliver. 90 Million people connected to trails via TrailLink™, having fun and making trails part of their everyday lives. 1 Million+ grassroots taking action, transforming their joy into impact to create, connect and maintain the nation’s trails. 7,500+ professionals and advocates coming together to spur trail and active transportation network development nationwide. 12,000 miles of trail being connected through TrailNation™, proving what is possible when trail networks are at the heart of communities. Photo credits (top to bottom): Capital Crescent Trail | Photo by Hung Tran; Baltimore, Md. | Photo by Side A Photography; Warrior Expeditions in Washington, D.C. | Photo by Albert Ting; Wisconsin’s Oak Leaf Trail, part of the Route of the Badger | Photo by Front Room Photography; Celebrate Trails Day event in Pittsburgh | Photo by Robin Woods; Illinois’ Mississippi River Trail | Photo by Brandi Horton; Cynwyd Heritage Trail, part of the Circuit Trails | Photo by Thom Carroll Donate RTC is creating a future where everyone has safe spaces to walk, bike and be active outdoors. We need your help as we build a nation connected by trails. One Time Monthly One-time donation amounts $18 $35 $50 $100 $250 Other Monthly donation amounts $5 $10 $15 $20 $25 Other Donate “` Latest News Read Our TrailBlog Success Stories First in Class: Washington Trailblazer Clara McCarty Wilt Was UW’s First Graduate March 04, 2024 The first graduate from UW was the trailblazing Clara McCarty Wilt, who would also go become the first woman elected to public office in WA. Policy Five Ways to Grow Support for Trails, Walking and Biking February 09, 2024 Here are five ways you can become a changemaker for trails, and help build even more momentum for trails and active transportation networks. Using Trails New Jersey’s Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park Trail February 07, 2024 Branching out from Trenton, the Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park Trail takes a V-shaped route across central New Jersey. Read Our TrailBlog Professional & Advocates We work with thousands of organizations, public agencies, local and state governments, and institutions to deliver the best practices and trail-planning resources, technical support, and capacity-building grants to create, connect and maintain the nation’s trails. Explore the Trail-Building Toolbox Access the Resource Library Join the TrailNation Collaborative for Advocates and Professionals Working on Trail Networks Sign Up for the Latest Trails, Walking and Bicycling Funding and Policy News Get Mapping, Research and GIS Insights Stay Connected With Our Community Email Address Zip Code Subscribe Rails to Trails Conservancy National Headquarters 2445 M Street, NW, Suite 650 Washington, DC 20037 Phone: 202.331.9696 Careers Finances Press Room Contact Us © 2024 Rails to Trails Conservancy Terms of Use Privacy Policy