File sharing and storage made simple Click to dismiss this message Close Popup Close Popup 100 Recent Messages Message title goes here Short paragraph explaining the nature of the message goes here. Scroll up Scroll down It appears you are using an older browser. For a better experience when using MediaFire, we recommend you upgrade your browser. Questions? Submit a ticket or visit our Help Center. Additional help links: Contact Us Close Help My Files Settings Upgrade Earn free space! Mobile Log Out Sign Up Log In File storage and sharing made simple Upload Files Now As Seen In Handles all of your file needs File storage made easy – including powerful features you won’t find anywhere else. Whether you’re sharing photos, videos, audio, or docs, MediaFire can simplify your workflow. Share Share through email, link, or social network. Unlimited ad-supported downloads with no wait times. Collaborate Store and share any file type. Share folders of project files. Easily email large files. Store 10GB for free. Up to 50GB free with bonuses. Store all your photos, audio, and videos. Access Always have your important files with you. Never forget your work at home. View, manage, and share from anywhere. Over 150 million people trust MediaFire every month Great for our group We use MediaFire to share the sheet music and audio practice files for our chorus. I can practice along to audio in the car using the mobile app, print the sheet music from my desktop, etc. Easy to use & very helpful to our group. – Choralmember One of my favorite apps! Perfect for storing all files in the cloud. I’ve used this daily for past year and absolutely love it. Great for saving audio recordings, documents, photos, videos, etc. I’m very happy to have found MediaFire. Thank you, it has really helped me time and again. – TheNewYorkTimesFan Great app! I like this service a lot since I work in TV and Film and use it for sending low res effects shots or just collaborating with friends or coworkers. I invested and purchased one of their offered plans but the free one is great too. I say run don’t walk and go have fun with this whether business or just your own convenience! – Frostbite Films Get started for free Sign up for free Top features MediaFire is more than just sharing and storage. Take a look at the top features to make your life simple and easy. 10GB Free/Up to 4GB per file With up to 50GB of free space, you can use MediaFire to back up all your important files – even your not-so-important ones too. Unlimited bandwidth & downloads Make sure your downloads are always available and fast. You’ll never hit a bandwidth or download limit with ad-supported downloads, no matter how popular your file is. Easily share after uploading Share folders and files immediately after they upload. MediaFire makes it easy to share through email, on your website, social media, messenger, or anywhere with a link. Multiple uploads at once Upload hundreds or even thousands of files at once through any web browser or with our handy apps for Android, BlackBerry, Windows, iPhone, or iPad. Organize with ease Make it easy to find your documents and files by using MediaFire’s powerful, yet easy-to-use file manager. Upload, copy, move, and control access to your files from anywhere with your desktop or phone. One-Time Links Keep control of your downloads. Share a file using a free One-Time Link and your recipient won’t be able to share the link with anyone else. It’s perfect for sensitive personal or work documents! No matter where you go – take your files with you. iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android & others Upload, download, view, and organize your files with ease and simplicity using MediaFire for Android, BlackBerry, Windows, iPhone, or iPad. Whether it’s your music collection, home videos, your resume, or your important work docs, have them in your pocket whenever you need them. Download now in your favorite app store Looking for more? Go Pro! You demand a service as professional as you are. Whether you’re an avid collector, independent professional photographer, or a large Fortune 500 company, MediaFire Pro brings you the business-class features you need to get an edge on the competition. 1 TB of storage More space for big files like video, PDFs, and audio. All the space you need for your mission-critical business files. No ads A more professional, ad-free experience for your employees and clients. Upload from any website Save hours of time: skip the download and transfer files directly from any website into your MediaFire storage! Just paste in any link to a file and MediaFire will automatically upload it to your account. Direct download link to files Skip MediaFire.com when sharing files. Download directly from your own website, email, or social network. Stream media files and high-resolution images in your own media players. Bulk Download With a single click, you can download your entire photo collection, project files, or work documents in one convenient ZIP file. One-Time Links (100/day) Control access to your downloads and make sure people don’t share your download links. One-Time Links only let one computer download your file. View Pro pricing Made with love in Texas. Company About Us Careers Press Tools MediaFire Mobile Team File Sharing Upgrade Professional Business Support Get Support ©2024 MediaFire Build 121925 Advertising Terms Privacy Policy Copyright Abuse Credits More... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. SANDBOX MediaFire uses cookies to provide you with a personalized browsing experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy.. Dismiss I Accept