WWF conserves our planet, habitats, & species like the Panda & Tiger | WWF We use cookies to analyse how visitors use our website and to help us provide the best possible experience for users. View our Cookie Policy. (I accept) Toggle navigation Discover Climate & Energy Food Forests Freshwater Oceans Wildlife People & conservation More on our work Knowledge Hub About WWF Act Donate to WWF Take Action Partner With WWF Plastic Pollution Treaty Subscribe to email newsletter Sustainable living made easy Latest Latest updates Press centre Success Stories WWF Independent review × en English Spanish SHOP DONATE TO WWF The WWF is run at a local level by the following offices... WWF Global Adria Argentina Armenia AsiaPacific Australia Austria Azerbaijan Belgium Bhutan Bolivia Borneo Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Caucasus Central African Republic Central America Chile China Colombia Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Ecuador European Policy Office Finland France Gabon Germany Greater Mekong Greece Guianas Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Italy Japan Kenya Korea Laos Latvia Madagascar Malaysia Mediterranean Mexico Mongolia Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Norway Pakistan Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Regional Office Africa Romania Senegal Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Pacific Spain Suriname Sweden Switzerland Tanzania Thailand Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe For People and NatureWe're tackling the world’s most complex environmental challenges to secure a sustainable future for all life on Earth.Discover Our Cause © Naturepl.com / Alex Mustard / WWF The #BiggestHourForEarth is back Join us for #EarthHour on the 23rd of March, 8:30 pm local time as we unite for our one shared home. Switch off and give an hour for Earth by spending 60 minutes doing something - anything - positive for our planet. Learn more © WWF / ShutterstockEnd plastic pollutionPlastic pollution is suffocating our rivers and oceans, killing wildlife and contaminating our food, air and water. Your voice can help shape the global treaty to end plastic pollution. Join us in voting to turn single-use into zero-use.Vote now Latest © James Morgan / WWF-US Posted on 26 Feb 2024 Harmful subsidies driving fisheries 'off a cliff' WWF is calling for nations to cut harmful fishing subsidies that drive overfishing and create uneven playing fields. © Darren Jew / WWF Posted on 19 Feb 2024 A whale-safe ocean is good for people Whale migrations are threatened, harming ocean health, but collaboration and tools offer hope for a safer future. © Tanmoy Badhuri / WWF International Posted on 14 Feb 2024 WWF in 2023: A year of conservation action Amid global struggles, WWF's 2023 report highlights conservation impact and hope for a sustainable future. © WWF-Bhutan Posted on 08 Feb 2024 Bhutan’s protected areas grow with new corridor Bhutan prioritises nature with a new biological corridor that safeguards snow leopard and red panda habitats. © Getty Images Posted on 24 Jan 2024 How to transform our energy systems Cop 28 is paving the way for a green energy future but faster fairer action is needed, writes WWF Global Energy Lead Dean Cooper. © Holly Chapman Posted on 19 Dec 2023 Progress slow on landmark biodiversity deal A year after pledging to stop biodiversity loss, progress is ‘wildly below’ where it needs to be to meet the challenge ahead. © 10 Billion Solutions / Rosa Castaneda Posted on 14 Dec 2023 Key takeaways from COP28 climate summit After intense negotiations the UN global climate summit, Cop28, comes to a close in Dubai. © Rosa Castaneda / 10 Billion Solutions Posted on 07 Dec 2023 COP28: Progress needed after mixed week in Dubai WWF urges COP28 negotiators to step up their efforts to deliver a strong outcome from the UN climate conference. RIVER DOLPHINSTheir existence is one of nature's greatest stories © Naturepl.com / Roland Seitre / WWF We work across these areasForestsFoodClimate and energyOceansWildlifeFreshwater © Jonathan Caramanus / Green Renaissance / WWF-UKOur AmbitionThe world has changed. Wildlife has halved in less than a generation. Natural habitats are being put under increasing pressure. And climate change is leading us into uncharted territory. But people have changed too. They’re more aware of the threat to essentials like food, water and clean air. They’re more ambitious, more innovative. And they’re backed by a growing number of corporations.Discover more Working to sustain the natural world for the benefit of people and nature Discover Climate & Energy Food Forests Freshwater Oceans Wildlife People & conservation More on our work Knowledge Hub About WWF Act Donate to WWF Take Action Partner With WWF Plastic Pollution Treaty Subscribe to email newsletter Sustainable living made easy Latest Latest updates Press centre Success Stories WWF Independent review Contact WWF Jobs WWF Ombudsperson Speak up - WWF Whistleblowing portal Principles and Safeguards Using & Sharing Site Content Privacy Terms & Conditions WWF® and ©1986 Panda Symbol are owned by WWF. All rights reserved. JavaScript is off. Please enable to view full site.