Indian Online Shopping for Women, Men, Kids Boys & Girls latest Trends & Styles - Mirraw This website will only function properly with JavaScript enabled. Please enable javascript in your browser and then refresh the page. +1-949-464-5941 7 Day Returns Return Time If you are not happy with the product you have received, don't worry. You can always ship it back to us within 7 days without any deductions. Return Process Return will be processed in either of the following two ways: self return or pick-up. Pick-up process is only available to particular set of orders and not all, hence you have to self return the product in the case where pick-up service is not available. We request you to use a reputed courier with proper tracking number in case of Self Return. Mirraw will not bear the return shipping charges. Refunds/Replacements If you wish to replace a damaged product, we will send you a new one. We can also refund the amount to your credit card/bank account or offer you a store credit redeemable towards future purchases. Stitching Stitching Time 5-8 business days in addition to order delivery time. This service is provided to customers outside India only. Stitching Charges Blouse - VND 64285.71 (Regular), VND 107142.86 (Custom stitched) Salwar Suit - VND 64285.71 (Standard), VND 107142.86 (Custom stitched) Lehenga - VND 64285.71 (Standard), VND 107142.86 (Custom Stitched) FNP - VND 85714.29 Returns for Stitched Products Stitched Products are customized to your measurements, cannot be resold/reused and hence will not be eligible for returns/refunds. Track Order Return Order Survey Bulk Order Inquiry New Gift Cards new Cart 0 Cart 0 Log In Existing User? Login New to Mirraw? Register wishlist Sarees Roots Banarasi Silk Kanchipuram Silk Bhagalpuri Silk Mysore Silk Manipuri Silk Kota Silk Bandhani Paithani Kota Patola Jamdani Maheshwari Kerala Kasavu Bengali Uppada Nauvari Banarasi Fabric Georgette Art Silk Cotton Pure Silk Net Velvet Chiffon Brasso Chanderi Organza Sarees Tussar Silk Crepe Satin Occasion Party Wear Wedding EID Diwali Work Embroidered Printed Heavy Work Sarees Handloom Sarees Hand Woven Sarees Chikankari Kalamkari Ikat Collections Exclusive Bridal Sarees Pre Stitched Sarees Half Saree Traditional Sarees South Indian Sarees Bollywood Sarees Best Sellers New Arrivals More Blouses Readymade Blouse Blouse Fabric​ Sleeveless blouse Bridal Blouses Petticoats Blouse Neck Designs Lehengas Fabric Net Silk Georgette Velvet Occasion Party Wear Bridal Casual Style Ghagra Choli Lehenga Choli Crop Top Readymade Collection Ethnic Pakistani Lehenga Saree Floral Salwar Kameez Style Anarkali Suits Straight Suits Churidar Suits Punjabi Suits Dress Material Abaya Suits Pakistani Suits Palazzo Suits Sharara Suits Patiala Suits Fabric Cotton Georgette Chanderi Silk Net Crepe Cotton Silk Occasion Party Wear Wedding Salwar Festive Collection Plus Size Suits Best Sellers New Arrivals Combo Salwar Ready to Ship Collar Neck Designs Ethnic Suits Patiala Combo Bollywood Salwars Stitching Readymade Suits Semi Stitched Suits Kurtis Style Kurta Sets Long Kurtis Short Kurtis Sleeveless Kurtis Anarkali Kurtis Kaftans Plus Size Kurtis Fabric Silk Chiffon Georgette Cotton Rayon Crepe Chanderi Occasion Party Wear Festive Casual Wedding Work Printed Embroidered Plain Chikankari Stone Work Heavy Work Mirror Work Bottom wear Palazzos Harem Pants Leggings Patiala Pants Skirts Trousers Jewellery Type Necklace Sets Necklaces Bangles & Bracelets Earrings Anklets Pendants Silk Thread Work Temple Jewellery Antique Jewellery Kundan Jewellery South Indian Jewellery Pearl Jewellery Handmade Jewellery Wedding Bridal Jewellery Bridal Sets Mangalsutra Maang Tikka Rings Toe Rings Baju Band Nose Rings Featured Silk Thread Earrings Brooch Silk Thread Bangles Studs Jhumkas Choker Necklace Danglers & Drops Collections Gemstones Ear Cuffs Designer Jewellery Hair Accessories Oxidised Jewellery Jewellery Box Ethnic Jewellery Men Clothing Kurta Pajama Dhoti Kurta Nehru Jacket Kurtas Blazers Sherwani Tuxedo Pathani Suits Bandhgala Dhoti Men Suits Jewellery Bracelets Accessories Turbans Cufflinks Kids Girls Lehenga Salwar Suits Gowns Sarees Frocks Dresses Girls Jackets Boys Kurta Pyjamas Indo Western Sherwani Dhoti Kurta Nehru Jacket Wedding New Haldi Saree Salwar Suit Lehenga Kurtis & Kurtas Kurta Jacket Kurta Pajama Girls Boys Jewellery Mehendi Saree Kurta Sets Kurta Pajama Girls Frocks Boys Kurta Pajama Jewellery Sangeet Lehenga Sharara Suits Pathani Suits Girls Lehengas Boys Kurta Jewellery Engagement Saree Lehenga Kurta Pajama Girls Lehengas Boys Jackets Jewellery Kundan Necklace Reception Gowns Party Sarees Blazers & Bandhgala Girls Gowns Boys Suits Cufflinks Pearl Jewellery Shaadi Bridal Lehengas Sherwani Embroidered Sarees Lehengas & Suits Kurta Pajamas Girls Gowns Boys Sherwani Bridal Jewellery Bridal Sets Mangalsutra Mens Mojaris Dulha Necklace Eid Sale Exclusive Eid Salwar Eid Abaya Eid Lehenga Eid Jewellery Eid Sarees Eid Kurtis Eid Menswear Eid Kidswear Modest wear Kaftans Abayas Tunics & Dresses Hijabs Khimar Women Salwar Suits Readymade Suits Lehengas Kurtis Sarees Dresses Lehenga Choli Gowns Men Kurta Pajama Pathani Nehru Jackets Sherwani Bandhgala Galabiyyas Kids Lehenga Choli Gowns Frocks Salwar Suits Kurta Pyjama Sherwani Jewellery Necklace Sets Earrings Bangles Maang Tikka Haath Phool Anklets Islamic Wear Women Kaftans Burka Hijab Abaya Tunics Farasha Combo Hijab Moroccan Kaftans Burkini Coat Abaya Men Galabiyyas Kurta Pajama Caps Girls Abaya Kaftans Accessories Jewellery Wall Hanging Fusion New Apparel Dresses Tops Tunics Gowns Indowestern Bottoms Palazzos Leggings Skirts Trousers Blouses Occasion Casual Party Wear Wedding Festival Look Fashion Traditional Designer Collection Readymade Plus Size Stretchable Bridal Blouse Material Luxe New Designers Ritu Kumar Sougat Paul Balance by Rohit Bal Archana Kochhar Payal Singhal Disha Patil Masumi Mewawalla First resort by Ramola Bachchan Pallavi Jaipur Women Kurtas Dress Saree Lehenga Anarkali Gown Kaftan Fusion Wear Jumpsuit Men Kurta Sets Kurtas Bandhgala Nehru jacket Sherwani Blazers Accessories Kids Girls Lehenga Set Girls Kurta Set Girls Frocks Boys Kurta Pajama Boys Sherwani Boys Nehru Jacket Boys Blazer Accessories Necklace Sets Earrings Rings Bangles & Bracelets Maang Tikka Footwear Occasion Wedding Wear Festive Wear Casual Wear Party Wear Bridal Wear Home & Living Furnishing Bed Sheets Quilts Curtains Cushion Covers Carpets & Rugs Decor Sculptures Candles Vases Door Hangings Decorative Plates Wall accents Paintings Wall Art Wall Clocks Photo Frames Kitchen & dining Utensils Coasters Trays God statues Ganesha Krishna Hanuman Shiva Saibaba Maa Durga Buddha Shiv Ling Other Deities Pooja items Diyas Pooja Thali Japa Mala Pooja Bell Chowki Jhula Pooja Kalash Collections Roots Sarees Kurtas & Suits Dress Material Blouses Dupattas Bottoms Jewellery Accessories Stoles & Dupattas Shawls Bags Footwear Cart is Empty Looks like you have no items in your shopping cart Return to shop EID-1 EID-2 EID-3 EID-4 EID-5 EID-6 EID-7 EID-8 EID-9 Fresh drops Modern class Modern class - 2 Ready to ship - 1 Ready to ship - 2 Best sellers Offer store -1 Offer store -2 Offer store -3 Classiques - 1 In-house In-house label - 2 Mirraw label Signature Elegance - 1 Signature Elegance - 2 Classiques - 2 Mirraw label - 2 Signature Elegance - 3 Plus size Hidden gems - 1 Hidden gems - 2 Sherwani - 1 Sherwani - 2 Nehru jacket Abhaya dress Co-Ords & Kaftans Turbans Suta Brand store - 1 Brand store - 2 True browns Huts & looms Ganga fashion Gulmohar Little bansi Suryavanshi BESTSELLER PRODUCTS Indian Clothing Online Shopping for Women & Men During 2500 BC, India became one of the first places to grow and use cotton for making clothes. Human art forms in Indian temples and monuments are perhaps the main source of information on Indian clothing. Apart from that the rock-cut sculptures, the cave paintings, and remains from the sites of Indus Valley civilization also give a detailed bureau of clothing trends in India. A large majority of Indian clothing for men and women has evolved from garments like langota, lungi, sari, gamcha, and dhoti. India is the second most populous country in the world and it shows great diversity in its population as well. Clothing in India is greatly influenced by the religion people follow. More About Ethnic Wear Online Shopping The most notable ethnic apparel for men in India is the kurta pyjama. The sherwani is an iteration of the kurta pyjama and is mainly worn during the wedding. However, the kurta pyjama is an iteration of the jama dhoti which was worn by men India in the 19th century. It is still worn regularly by men in rural areas and occasionally by men in urban areas during festive occasions. Apart from the dhoti, ethnic Indian wear also consists of the sarong which is more commonly known as the lungi. It is a piece of cloth that men drape around the waist and tie it. It is usually worn by Muslim men. But a large majority of men in South and East India can be seen sporting the lungi. It comes in different patterns and colors but the length of the cloth is usually constant. The sherwani is another Indian ethnic wear. The ethnic name of this garment is achkan. It is essentially a kurta made in the form of a jacket with exposed button, heavy embroidery and needlework. The sherwani flows just below the knees and is usually paired with pants called churidar. As a matter of fact, churidars are also worn by Indian women. The bandhgala is an iteration of the sherwani. Bandh means closed and gala means neck. The name suggests that the garment sports a closed neck design or what many people like to call as the mandarin collar design. This garment hails from the royal land of Jodhpur. The pants worn with this are baggy throughout the hip and thigh region and grasp the legs tightly. This Indian ethnic wear gain popularity quickly and a large majority of men wear this outfit during festivals, weddings, and special occasions Sarees are indeed the most popular Indian ethnic wear for women. A saree is basically a long piece of cloth, usually around 10 meters long which is draped around the body in a variety of different styles. Different regions have a special type of saree, for example, Kanchipuram from South India, Paithani from Maharashtra, Benarasi from North India, and Muga Silk from Assam. A blouse is worn with the saree which is called the choli. The saree is very popular in all parts of India and so is the salwar kameez. The kameez is basically a kurti and the salwar is the lower garment. It is traditionally worn by women in Punjab and hence, it is also sometimes referred to as the Punjabi Suit. There are different iterations of the salwar kameez. The Anarkali suit, palazzo suit, Patiala suit etc. are some of the different kinds of suits available. Dupatta is worn along with salwar kameez. It is called the odani in some parts of India and is mainly used to veil the head in the presence of elders. Change in fashion trends has bought in various types of salwars like dhoti salwar, churidars, Patiala salwars, Afghani Salwars, Palazzo and so on. Traditional Clothing of India Traditional Indian clothing depends largely on the religious group that people follow. Followers of Islam probably have the most distinct outfits. Islam guides that men and women must dress modestly. Islamic clothing is all about modesty. Both men and women have certain rules on what they can wear and what they can’t. One distinctive feature of the Islamic pant is that they are airy and comfortable. Serwal is one of the most prevalent pant types in Muslim culture. A large majority of Muslim men have at least 1 serwal in their wardrobe. The serwal is made from cotton and is mostly worn beneath the thobe. Men can also pair it with a white shirt. The serwal also doubles down as a pyjama. It is very comfortable and can be worn easily at home. It is available in the elastic waist, drawstring waist, or a combination of both. In Islamic culture, the serwal is better known as mikasser. Muslim men also wear the izar which is an iteration of the lungi/sarong. For Muslim women, the burka, hijab and abaya are staples. The hijab is a cloth which is used to cover the head, the abaya is a free-flowing cloak from head to toe and the burka covers the head and the chest region. Men and women that follow Hinduism wear kurta pyjama and sarees mainly. Regional diversity also comes into play when talking about traditional Indian clothing. Therefore, the Indian clothing history is very rich and the future of Indian fashion also looks pretty bright with all the fashion designers around. Get the fashion trend outfits at Mirraw online shopping site with amazing options and cool price SIGN UP TO RECEIVE OUR UPDATES Be the first to know about latest offers and discounts on Mirraw Get Mirraw App Now! Get realtime updates on your order Follow your favourite designers Avail app-only offers Scan the QR code to download our app now! Mirraw was superfast. I ordered on 26th Dec and today (28th Dec) I got the product. I also got a call yesterday by the Gharpay executive before coming for the pick up, as committed by Team Mirraw. I Ordered Victorian Double Tokri Kashmiri Earring. The design and specially the color of the stones which I was specific to be the same as mentioned in the website was perfectly the same. Moreover, It looks amazingly beautiful with my Royal Blue and Pink Benarasi Saree. Very happy with the service. Keep it up Mirraw ! All the Best ! Suranjeeta Das, New Delhi I'd like to take this opportunity to let you know that I am very happy with your customer service. I had an issue with a damaged piece and it was dealt with efficiently. I received the temple set and others in my order and I am extremely happy with your professionalism. All items were very well made and worth the money. Keep up the good work. Anjana Das, Tennessee, United States HELP Survey How Stitching Works Track Order Payments FAQ Helpdesk Helpline No. : +1 949 464 5941 COMPANY About Us Contact Us Blog Terms Privacy BUSINESS International Buyers Designer Login Mirraw Partner Program COUPON PARTNERS Mirraw Coupons Mirraw Offers SOCIAL PRESS Copyright © 2024, Mirraw Online Services Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Shipping Within India Ships Worldwide +1-949-464-5941 Money Back Guarantee SIGN UP TO RECEIVE OUR UPDATES Be the first to know about latest offers and discounts on Mirraw Get Mirraw App Now! Get realtime updates on your order Follow your favourite designers Avail app-only offers Scan the QR code to download our app now! Contact FAQ Copyright © 2024, Mirraw Online Services Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. × SUBSCRIBE NOW