OZY Media Curated ☰TVPodcastsNewslettersFestAwardsAboutGet Involved ->infoAbout this Websitecloseexpand_moreOZY Media was an innovative news and entertainment company focused on profiling “the new and the next” in politics, business, foreign and national affairs, technology, arts and culture – until it was forced to shut down after a New York Times story written by a journalist who, at the time the article was published, maintained a financial interest in OZY competitor BuzzFeed.This newly curated version of the OZY website is designed to showcase the important work that OZY did as OZY co-founder Carlos Watson defends himself in a legal matter involving how the company was operated. The website showcases a curated array of the important and compelling content that OZY Media published during its decade of stellar journalism.‍DismissAct Now ->Third Railwith OZYplay_circle Watch NowLearn More ->From WGBH Boston's Studio Six and OZY Media comes a brand-new take on cross-platform cutting edge debates. Hosted by Carlos Watson. Guests this season include writer Malcolm Gladwell, model, actress, and activist Amber Rose, writer and Purdue associate professor Roxane Gay, humorist and TV correspondent Mo Rocca, and more.16 for '16:The Contendersplay_circle Watch NowLearn More ->Every four years, an assortment of bold men and women declare themselves the uniquely deserving of America's highest office, and the power that comes with it. Yet, among the many contenders, there can only be one winner.Breaking Bigplay_circle Watch NowLearn More ->Why have some of the world's most influential people been able to make it big? Explore how some of today's artists, innovators, athletes and political leaders made their careers.Black Women own the Conversatonplay_circle Watch NowLearn More ->Featuring intimate conversations about important issues with honest opinions and solutions that put people first, Emmy-winning presenter Carlos Watson hosts celebrity guests and 100 black women with a focus on issues from relationships to wellness.Take on Americaplay_circle Watch NowLearn More ->From WGBH Boston's Studio Six and OZY Media comes a brand-new take on cross-platform cutting edge debates. Hosted by Carlos Watson. Guests this season include writer Malcolm Gladwell, model, actress, and activist Amber Rose, writer and Purdue associate professor Roxane Gay, humorist and TV correspondent Mo Rocca, and more.TVSee More TV ->The ContendersEvery four years, an assortment of bold men and women declare themselves the uniquely deserving of America's highest office, and the power that comes with it. Yet, among the many contenders, there can only be one winner. From Shirley Chisholm's landmark 1972 presidential candidacy that forever altered America's view of what a candidate should look like to Barry Goldwater's 1964 campaign which launched a brand of conservativism...Third Rail with OZYFrom WGBH Boston's Studio Six and OZY Media comes a brand-new take on cross-platform cutting edge debates. Hosted by Carlos Watson, THIRD RAIL WITH OZY promises to present new voices and valuable dialogue for the digital age. Each week's half-hour show explores a single, provocative question debated by expert and celebrity guests in front of a live studio audience Guests this season include writer Malcolm Gladwell, model, actress, and activist Amber Rose, writer and Purdue associate professor Roxane Gay, humorist and TV correspondent Mo Rocca, and more. Can dialogue-informed by data-alter people's points of view? Tune in to THIRD RAIL WITH OZY to find out.Breaking BigWhy and how did some of the world’s most influential artists, innovators, athletes and leaders break big? 12 talented men and women recount their most difficult, dramatic and serendipitous turning points to Emmy-winning journalist Carlos Watson in OZY’s latest documentary series. Take on AmericaA groundbreaking town hall series, travels across the U.S. to confront today's most pressing issues by exploring the diversity of opinions among groups often pigeonholed for voting as a bloc.Black Women OWN the ConversationOZY partners with the Oprah Winfrey Network to present an unprecedented discussion show where we invite Black women from all walks of life to join an intimate conversation about topics rarely discussed openly in public — love, beauty, mental health, personal finance, religion, and more. In each episode, 100 real women, plus celebrity guests and experts, share intimate dialogues, honest opinions and surprising solutions.Defining Moments with OZYNo one starts out on top, even if it seems like they did. No matter how high they’ve climbed, the most successful people have all struggled on their journey to greatness. They’ve all had moments of fear and doubt. They’ve all thought about giving up. They’ve all had Defining Moments. Get ready to see some of the most inspiring, groundbreaking, ballsy, and fascinating people – getting raw, vulnerable, and real about their path to success. Defining Moments, exclusively on Hulu, features in-depth interviews that delve into topics rarely discussed by public figures like identity, family, and dignity. Most importantly, you’ll learn how they overcame in moments of adversity, emerging stronger and more resolved than ever to keep going. No matter where you come from or who you long to be, Defining Moments will encourage you to find your voice and follow your dreams, no matter what.The Campaigns that Made HistoryDive into the unexpected twists and turns that have highlighted presidential politics over the last half-century. The 2-hour special focuses on some of the most surprising and shocking political contests, leaning into the personalities, the brawls unlikely moments and missteps that have shaped the history of the country.The Time Is Now: Race and ResolutionAs America faces a defining moment after the death of George Floyd, A+E Networks is giving voice to the country's rallying cry that WE NEED TO TALK. In partnership with Ozy Media, this is powerful special.The Carlos Watson ShowWelcome to the Carlos Watson Show: a new breed of talk show where we're having meaningful conversations with the game-changers and change-makers who are ahead of their time, and worthy of yours. Featuring Emmy-winning journalist Carlos Watson, co-founder and CEO of OZY, who has earned praise for his ability to persuade everyone from President Obama to Heidi Klum open up on a wide range of topics.Real Talk Real ChangeIt's time for Real Talk and Real Change. What does the American Dream mean, and how can we positively reset it? OZY and Chevrolet are teaming up for an innovative discussion, taking on the toughest questions in our society today. Hosted by OZY co-founder and multi-Emmy-award winning journalist Carlos Watson and joined by key leaders from across the country, we’re having pointed conversations to identify problems and arm you with solutions in this special episode of the Carlos Watson Show. Put aside the shouting matches and talking heads, and be an ally: Join us for a real conversation you won’t want to miss. Featuring: Jalen Rose, Eddie Glaude Jr., Aida Rodriguez, Angela Duckworth and Jasmine Davis, plus special guests Bill Gates, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Megyn Kelly, Malcolm Gladwell, Simon Sinek and more.Voices MagnifiedA&E Network is set to premiere two new specials under the Voices Magnified banner focusing on mental health in America in partnership with OZY. Voices Magnified is a cross-platform campaign spotlighting and amplifying the voices of those making changes in their communities for the greater good. Representing the collective voice of the A+E Networks portfolio, the initiative creates thought-provoking specials and a robust series of short form videos that give a national spotlight to timely and important conversations on equality and social reform which are occurring across America today.Torn from Her ArmsTorn From Her Arms is based on a true story, originally covered by the OZY editorial team. Amidst the ongoing crisis at the U.S. border, the timely film depicts the harrowing true story of a mother and daughter who must find their way back to each other after being separated. Judy Reyes (Devious Maids, Claws) takes on the role of Thelma Garcia, a Texas Immigration lawyer who works tirelessly to reunite the pair, and Gloria Reuben (Mr. Robot, ER) portrays Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist ProPublica reporter, Ginger Thompson, who broke the story. The movie follows Cindy Madrid (Fátima Molina, Who Killed Sara?) and her six-year-old daughter, Ximena (Camila Nuñez), who fled violence in El Salvador for safety in the U.S., only to be separated at the border as a part of the Administration’s Zero Tolerance Policy.Sneaker FiendsCalled "a love letter to the women who are pushing the sneaker culture forward," Sneaker Fiends is a five-part docuseries hosted by "kickfluencer" and style maven The Notorious K.I.A. (Kia Marie), who examines all things sneakers - and the women who rock them. In every segment, she hangs with female entrepreneurs, artists, divas, icons and trendsetters while discovering their connection to sneaker culture, how they're paving the way for other women in the space and more.PodcastsSee All Podcasts ->The ThreadExplore history's interlocking lives and events. Turn back the clock, one story at a time. Discover how various strands are woven together to create a historic figure, a big idea or an unthinkable tragedy. From OZY Media. History. Unwound.Take On AmericaIn a groundbreaking new series, Emmy Award-winning journalist Carlos Watson travels the country to moderate provocative, intimate discussions on the most pressing issues of our time. From Black men in Baltimore to Asian-American millennials in California, the unexpected conversations and opinions give surprising insight into what matters to Americans of all backgrounds in the lead-up to the midterm elections and beyond.Future of X: HealthScrubs: check. Scalpel: check. VR headset and emotional well-being monitor: check, check. Technology is having an increasing impact in the operating theater and beyond. Yet, as experts reveal in The Future of X: Health, patient treatment in 50 years' time won't be based entirely on robots or advanced A.I., but rather on raw human connection. In this five-part series, in partnership with PSJH, OZY paints a picture of health care in 2069, from the chronic diseases we don't yet recognize to a world without hospitals.Future of X: WorkWelcome back to The Future of X. In partnership with Smartsheet, this season, The Future of X explores the workplace, tackling themes such as how AI will enhance productivity and how automation could unlock greater human achievement. Based on OZY’s journalism and timely interviews with leading futurists, we examine the ways in which technology will improve the contributions humans make to the world.When Katty Met CarlosA BBC World Service and OZY Media co-production, presented by the BBC’s Katty Kay from World News America, and journalist and OZY co-founder Carlos Watson. When Katty Met Carlos looks at the issues and themes reshaping America’s future and the deep undercurrents that lie beneath American society – from Covid-19 to race, the economy, and more. These are issues that will change America and the world, from how we are governed to how we live together. Katty and Carlos are looking for answers to their questions; discovering solutions to the problems, and reflecting the widest possible range of opinion and thought.The Carlos Watson ShowWelcome to the Carlos Watson Show: a new breed of talk show where we're having meaningful conversations with the game-changers and change-makers who are ahead of their time, and worthy of yours. Emmy-winning journalist Carlos Watson, co-founder and CEO of OZY, has earned praise for his ability to persuade high-profile guests to open up on a wide range of topics on camera — interviewing everyone from presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush to Jameela Jamil, Heidi Klum and Bill Gates. Flashback: A series of stories of disastrous turning points, dangerous ideas, crazy coincidences, unsung heroes and forgotten villains. From OZY's Sean Braswell, host and creator of the chart-topping, Webby-nominated The Thread, comes a new show about how some of the best-laid plans can go horribly wrong, or prove unexpectedly magnificent.Future of X: FarmingEver look down at your plate of food and wonder where the ingredients came from? OZY’s hit podcast franchise The Future of X is back, and this season we’re investigating The Future of Farming with our friends at Vital Farms. Each episode will take a look at the all-important field of farming, from how data will revolutionize farming to the impact of Big Agriculture. Plus, explore the possible solutions to food insecurity and climate change, such as regenerative agriculture. Ready to dig in? The Future of X: MobilityThe new and the next is in OZY's DNA. In The Future of X, OZY fast-forwards 50 years to explore the industries and domains that will shape our world, and some of the dreamers doing the shaping. First up? Health care in 2069. The Food That Built AmericaIt takes bold visionaries risking everything to create some of the most recognizable brands on the planet. The Food That Built America, based on the hit documentary series from The HISTORY® Channel, tells the extraordinary true stories of industry titans like Henry Heinz, Milton Hershey, the Kellogg brothers and Ray Kroc, who revolutionized the food industry and transformed American life and culture in the process. NewslettersSee More ->Guest EditorsOZY regularly invited guest curators to share what they think are the most important and intriguing stories of the day.Sunday MagazineWe're redefining Sunday's finest, with must-read features exploring the world and a gorgeous cover every weekend.The WeekenderOZY Tribe members near and far provide delicious recommendations for your valuable weekend time. Check out the best things to listen to, drink, cook, read, download or watch.Daily DoseFresh stories and bold ideas that vault you ahead of the traditional news cycle. This is the new news diet that your curiosity needs.Whiskey in Your CoffeeStart your morning with a kick! Catch up and vault ahead with OZY's flagship morning newsletter (with a twist).Presidential Daily BriefingStart your day smarter with a dossier on the most important world news, rounded off with a shot of intriguing and offbeat stories. Like the president, you deserve no less.OZY FestLearn More ->OZY Fest 2016OZY set out to gather a global, curious, energetic and forward- looking mix of people in the heart of NYC, to “Think, Eat & Rock” – bringing OZY’s digital magazine to life and redefining the concept of a “Festival” with insightful thought leadership, hilarious comedy, incredible eats, and soul-stirring music. From Malcolm Gladwell’s and Laurene Powell Jobs’ vision for a better education system, to Cory Booker and Karl Rove’s analysis of the 2016 election, to Chef Alex Guarnaschelli’s sumptuous food and drink samples, and Andra Day & Will.i.am’s vibrant vocals, OZY Fusion Fest delivered an eclectic and unparalleled mix of live content.OZY Fest 2017"Aiming to bring journalists, comedians, musicians, entrepreneurs, athletes, and chefs all under one (outdoor) roof, the event will feature performances by Jason Derulo, Zara Larsson, Samantha Bee, Issa Rae, RuPaul, and Talib Kweli on the main stage, as well as debates and panels led by hosts including Katie Couric, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Malcolm Gladwell, Adam Grant, Van Jones, Grover Norquist, Von Miller, Whitney Wolfe, Michael Moe, and more." – Thrillist OZY Fest 2018OZY FEST is a massive party that descends upon New York City, bringing together the most diverse group of performers, thinkers, chefs and entertainers for an unprecedented exchange of ideas and the most fun you’ll have all year. This year we’re giving you double the fun, taking over Central Park for two days of laugh-out-loud comedy, delicious food and the hottest music. You don’t want to miss it!OZY Fest 2019The 2019 lineup included musical acts John Legend, Miguel, ARIZONA, and Jazzy Amra; comedians Trevor Noah, Dulcé Sloan, and Ronny Chieng; author Deepak Chopra; New York Times journalist Malcolm Gladwell; filmmaker Spike Lee; politicians Stacey Abrams and Gov. John Kasich; celebrity chefs Marcus Samuelsson, Padma Lakshmi, and Rachael Ray; in addition to “big thought” business leaders Mark Cuban, Cindy Eckert, Thasunda Duckett, Marc Lasry, and many more.OZY Fest 2021This year, following a two-year hiatus, OZY Media is bringing its distinct and eclectic OZY Fest directly to its largest audience ever, with brand sponsorships fueled by recent holding company partnerships generating a wealth of unique opportunities to engage with audiences. A virtual event for the first time, OZY Fest will reach an expanded audience for the all-over-the-map mix of entertainment, experiences and conversations it positions as “TED meets Coachella.” OZY Genius AwardsView ->OZY Genius Awards Learn More ->The OZY Genius Awards found and supported the next generation of thought leaders.Before Amanda Gorman delighted the world with her poetic genius at the 2021 presidential inauguration, she applied for and won an OZY Genius Award in 2017.ContactPrivacy Policy