Home | League of Women Voters Skip to main content Support the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act Tell Congress to protect the freedom to vote. Demand Equality in Our Constitution Stand up for equality of the sexes Demand Bipartisan Cooperation Urge Congress to Protect Voting Rights Urge Congress to Address the Climate Crisis Ask your representatives to address climate change and protect our youths' futures! View All Action Alerts Register to vote - get started now at VOTE411.org View All Action Alerts Toggle navigation Menu Close Search Sort by Most RecentRelevance Search Main navigation Voting Rights Expanding Voter Access Redistricting Money in Politics Fighting Voter Suppression Elections Educating Voters Find Your Elected Officials VOTE411 Increasing Voter Registration Other Issues Health Care Reform The Environment Census Immigration About Us History Staff Board of Directors & Trustees Membership & Local Leagues Newsroom Legal Center Financials & Annual Reports Ways to Give Search Utility Navigation Take Action Donate Search Sort by Most RecentRelevance Search middle-right Empowering Voters. Defending Democracy. The League of Women Voters is a nonpartisan, grassroots organization working to protect and expand voting rights and ensure everyone is represented in our democracy. We empower voters and defend democracy through advocacy, education, and litigation, at the local, state, and national levels. Protect the Freedom to Vote Ensure all Americans have the equal opportunity to exercise the right to vote Improve Elections Inform voters and help make our elections more free, fair, and equitable Reduce Money’s Political Influence Hear citizen voices over corporations and the wealthy Fight for Fair Redistricting Oppose partisan and racial gerrymandering To become a League member, join one of the 750+ state and local Leagues. Zip Code or State Learn More About Joining LWV Learn More About Joining LWV Voting Tools Register to vote, find your polling place, look up your ballot, and more at VOTE411.org. Your Vote Matters It determines your access to affordable health care It lifts up the voices of those most impacted by climate change It ensures that we're all represented in our government, not just those of us with greater wealth or systemic advantages It promotes immigration reform, including family reunification and political asylum In 2020, more than 6 million people found nonpartisan voting resources on VOTE411, including 2.2 million Spanish speakers. Support the fight for everyone's freedom to vote. One Time One-Time Monthly Monthly One-time donation amounts $1000 $500 $125 $50 $25 Other Monthly donation amounts $75 $50 $25 $10 Other Donate Now Defending the Right to Vote Make your voice heard. Contact your elected officials to support legislation that stands up for your values. Take action on these crucial pieces of legislation. Urgent Urge Congress to Support the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act Contact Congress Urge Congress to Address the Climate Crisis and Protect Our Youth Contact Your Representatives Support the Expansion of Voting Rights Sign the Petition Demand Equality in Our Constitution Contact Your Representatives Tell Your Senators to Pass the Disclose Act Contact Your Representatives Demand Bipartisan Cooperation on Voting Rights Contact Your Representatives Join Your Local League to advocate for change at the local, state, and national level. Zip Code or State Search Defending the Right to Vote In 2020 we protected more than 25 million voters in courts across the nation. And we are still fighting Keeping power in the hands of the people The Republican-controlled North Carolina Legislature, asserting that state legislatures had exclusive power over redistricting, petitioned the Supreme Court for review, after the state supreme court struck down its redistricting plan. Standing Up for Reproductive Rights In March of 2018, the Center for Reproductive Rights filed a lawsuit challenging the fifteen-week abortion ban that was passed by the Mississippi state legislature. The League filed an amicus brief in support of the plaintiffs. See All Court Cases Latest Fighting for Fair Representation for Black Voters Plaintiffs sued in federal court to require Alabama to draw a second majority-Black Congressional district under Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act. Read the Case Summary The Latest From The League League’s VOTE411.org Powers Voters Ahead of Super Tuesday Elections Press Release / March 5, 2024 US Supreme Court Rules State Courts Cannot Disqualify Trump on 2024 Ballot Press Release / March 4, 2024 League of Women Voters Statement on Illinois State Court RulingPress Release / March 1, 2024 Sign Up For Email Keep up with the League. Receive emails to your inbox! Donate to LWV Support our work to empower voters and defend democracy through a donation today! Donate Now League of Women Voters of the United States (LWVUS) League Management Footer menu Contact Us. Blog. Newsroom. Careers. Facebook Twitter Instagram Tik-Tok © 2022 League of Women Voters. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Whistleblower Policy Anti-Retaliation Policy