A Simple, Wireless Phone Plan With Unlimited Data - Google Fi Wireless Skip to content Phones All phones All watches Google Pixel Samsung Motorola Compatibility Phones All phones All watches Google Pixel Samsung Motorola Compatibility Plans All plans Simply Unlimited Unlimited Plus Flexible Plans All plans Simply Unlimited Unlimited Plus Flexible Coverage Coverage overview International rates Coverage Coverage overview International rates Safety Safety Offers Offers Try Fi for free Try Fi for free Sign in Join now Sign in Join now Get Pixel 8 on us - now in Mint. Get $699 back after 24 monthly bill credits when you sign up for Unlimited Plus - or $300 back with other plans. Terms apply Order now Flexible, secure phone plans built for families Keep your family connected with Google Fi Wireless Join now Get $250 back on moto g stylus 5G. Create and work at the speed of your imagination. Get $250 back after 24 monthly bill credits. Terms apply Order now Get Pixel 7a on us. Super fast, secure, and full of essentials. Get $499 back after 24 monthly bill credits. Terms apply Order now Try Google Fi Wireless for free for 7 days. Test our coverage alongside your current service. You'll auto‑renew after 7 days, and you can cancel anytime. Try now Choose the right phone plan for your family Simply Unlimited Unlimited data for less each for 5 GB of hotspot tethering Data included in Canada + Mexico Explore Simply Unlimited Recommended Unlimited Plus The best of Fi + Google each for Unlimited hotspot tethering Data included in 200+ destinations Calls from the US to 50+ destinations Unlimited shareable data with tablets 1 year of YouTube Premium on us 100 GB of storage with Google One Explore Unlimited Plus Flexible Pay for the data you use each + $10/GB for + data Hotspot tethering Data for $10/GB in 200+ destinations Shareable data with tablets Explore Flexible Monthly prices do not include taxes and gov't fees Compare plans Family safety features included in all plans Block spam calls Share location with plan members Only allow trusted numbers to call or text See more safety features Phones for the whole family Browse phones from Google, Samsung, and Motorola Bring your Android phone or iPhone® Bring your phone Check compatibility Shop all phones Bring your Android phone or iPhone® Bring your phone Check compatibility We've got you covered Keep in touch wherever you and your family go with 5G and 4G LTE, Wi-Fi calling, and hotspot tethering. See coverage Sign up from home Start your service right away with quick and easy eSIM setup through our app. Or, we can send you a SIM card. Join now See pricing Let's keep in touch Be the first to know about new phones, exclusive promotions, and the latest features. Monthly taxes & gov't fees Taxes and government surcharges vary per state, but are normally between 10 to 20 percent. For example, if your monthly bill is $70, the taxes on your statement are typically between $7 to $14. Learn more Here's what to expect to see on your bill: Sales tax Google Fi collects sales taxes on behalf of city, county, and state governments, when required. The rate varies by region. 911 emergency service fee We're required to pay this fee to cover the costs of providing emergency 911 services. Federal and state Universal Service Fund assessments This fee helps cover other various government charges we pay including FCC regulatory fees and contributions to support federal telecommunications programs. Federal Regulatory Assessment Fee These funds support initiatives to give all Americans access to communications services. They subsidize services in rural and high-cost areas and support services in schools, libraries, and hospitals. Hotspot tethering counts towards your monthly data usage. On Simply Unlimited, you can use up to 5 GB of hotspot tethering. Not intended for international use over 90 consecutive days. See Help Center for details. Requires active Fi service during the 1-year period. Automatic renewal of YouTube Premium subscription at the monthly subscription rate (currently $13.99) after the 1-year period, and is cancellable at any time. Terms apply Blocks spam known to Google; may not detect all spam calls. Location sharing requires Google Maps app. Contact controls available on Android phones. 5G service not available in all areas; speed and performance depend on factors like device configuration and capabilities, network traffic location, signal strength and signal obstruction. Actual results may vary. For more information visit g.co/fi/broadband-facts. Android is a registered trademark of Google LLC. iPhone® is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc. Shop Google Pixel Phones Watches Plans Offers Try Fi for free Features Coverage map International rates Safety Learn more Refer a friend Privacy Terms Broadband disclosure Sign in Support FAQ Customer support Return policy Device protection claims Track your order Be the first to know about the latest phones, promotions, and features available on Fi.