EROTIC&NURU MASSAGE|New York|NY|NYC|Мanhattan|Midtown|BEST EROTIC&NURU MASSAGE|New York|NY|NYC|Мanhattan|Midtown|BEST Close SERVICE MASSAGE NEW YORK the best massage at New York | NY | NYC | Мanhattan | Downtown | Midtown | Uptown | Brooklyn | NJ MODELS RATES CONTACT WhatsUpp +13474444498 24\7 - Call me (_)(_)⁠⁠⁠⁠ ABOUT US SERVICE MODELS RATES FAQS CONTACT MASSAGE IN NYC Being constantly in the cycle of contemporary dynamic life, it is important to maintain your physical and mental health at a high level. Modern methods of medicine are capable of treating many diseases, but not all. What about those who could not restore their health by swallowing hundreds of pills? What if you do not want to wait for the moment you get sick and need preventive measures? After all, as you may know, it is much easier to prevent a disease than to cure it. In all of the above cases, a high-quality massage is bound to help you not only to be in great physical shape, but also to improve your state of mind. Erotic massage Nuru massage Japanese massage Tantric massage Thai massage Sensual Massage Body Rub massage Happy ending massage Body to body massage Exotic massage Body to body massage Four (4) hands massage Nude massage Adult massage Body Work massage ABOUT US We are a professional team of masters of massage. We offer you all types of massage. You will get here a high quality massage in a pleasant atmosphere with beautiful masseuses. Our girls who are experts at all massage techniques will help you. We are looking forward to meeting you. TRY USBODY 2 BODY SLIDING INTIMATE EXPERIENCE BEST WAY TO RELAX +1 (347)4444498 YOUR NEW SPACE PLEASURE ANONYMOUS AND SECURE FLAWLESS You can call us. WhatsApp (_)(_) SHOWER IN EACH ROOM COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS STERILE SINGLE LINGERIE 20+ EROTIC PROGRAMS ALL GIRLS WITH ATTRACTIVE APPEARANCE TALL PROFESSIONALISM MASTERS THE 24-HUNDRED SERVICE GIFTS FOR EVERYONE GUEST Tired of stress and fuss and looking for an effective way to relax? Our massage salon is bound to help you completely relax and improve your health! We would like to tell you about contemporary types of massages, which are considered the most effective and beneficial for human health. One of the main factors ensuring the effectiveness and usefulness of any massage is known to be close contact between the masseuse and her partner. In the narrow sense of this word, close contact implies bodily contact between the partners, and in the broad sense of this word — the unity of the souls and bodies of the partners. Below are the most important massages that will not only improve your physical and mental health, but also give you pleasure. MASSEUSES MODELS - girls and womens View all Photo, Video, Social networks of all masseuses Massage services from our salon Japaness massages Japanese massages are rightfully considered the most effective means in the treatment of diseases not only of the human body, but also of the human soul, since they have centuries of successful experience rooted in antiquity. Today Japanese massages are successfully used all over the world. There are many traditional Japanese massages, the main of which is the erotic Nuru massage. THE MAIN TYPES OF MASSAGE Erotic massage price Nuru as the most effective Japanese massage Nuru massage ensures the closest possible contact between the bodies of the masseuse and her partner. This factor makes Nuru massage one of the most useful and effective. Before the massage, both partners completely undress and lubricate their bodies with a special lubricant — Nuru gel, which ensures easy and quick sliding of one body over the surface of another body. During the massage session, the masseuse rubs her naked body against the naked body of her partner, thereby affecting the most significant functional points of the patient’s body. Rates for Nuru Massage The word «Nuru» in Japanese means slippery. Nuru massage, a type of erotic massage with its origins in Japan, uses a special gel, made traditionally, seaweed, aloe-vera, chamomile, and grapefruit extract, without taste or smell, but very soft and slippery. Nuru 4-Hands Massage During a massage four hands, you will experience an incomparable emotion, remove stress and fatigue, recharge your vitality, as problem areas worked deeper and better, and relaxing and toning achieved faster. ROLE PLAYING A gentle oil massage to relax the entire body by using light to medium pressure to increase the level of oxygen in the blood, improve circulation , decrease muscle toxins, loosen tense muscles and relax your mind. EROTIC SAKURA MASSAGE During the procedure, masseurs work harmoniously and smoothly, all the while coordinating their actions. Massage 2-4 hands can be performed synchronously or asynchronously. OTHER TYPES OF MASSAGE Remedial Massage Remedial Massage is performed by a highly skilled and accredited therapist, using a variety of techniques to treat injuries or muscular-skeletal disorders. Private Heath fund available 30mins/$ 120 45mins/$ 160 60mins/$200 Body to body Sensual massage The benefits of a body-to-body massage help improve your body’s blood flow in general. Nerve endings are stimulated holistically, allowing other parts of the body to be influenced as well. As a result, you can almost feel it as your body rejuvenates itself; this is also one of the reasons why you always feel so refreshed and full of energy after a body-to-body massage ritual is completed. incall: 30 min – $ 180 incall: 60 min – $ 200 outcall: 60 min – $350 outcall: 90 min – $450 Hot Stone Massage Specialty massage using smooth, heated stones with the heat from the stones helping to relax and loosen your muscles, ease muscle stiffness, and expand blood vessels which encourages blood flow throughout the body. 30mins/$ 120 45mins/$ 160 60mins/$200 Head, Shoulder & Back Head, Shoulder & Back Massages soothe away tensions in your upper body, breaks down knots, reduces pain and improves flexibility. It helps to relieve headaches and migraines. You will feel relaxed and re-energized. 30mins/$ 120 45mins/$ 160 60mins/$200 Deep Tissue Massage Deep tissue massage is similar to Swedish massage but focuses on the deeper layers of muscle and fascia in the body. It utilises deep finger pressure and slow firm strokes to ease knots, tight muscles, chronic pain and increase range of motion. 30 min — $180 60 min — $200 90 min — $280 120 min — $400 Aromatherapy oil Employs various massage techniques in combination with light to medium pressure with the benefit of essential oils to reduce anxiety, boost energy levels, eliminate headaches, reduce pain and increase circulation. 30mins/$ 160 45mins/$ 190 60mins/$260 Foot Reflexology Foot Reflexology massage involves applying pressure to specific points on the feet in order to affect various parts of the body to help relieve pain, reduce stress, improve the immune system and boost general health. 30mins/$ 120 45mins/$ 160 60mins/$200 RATES FOR NURU MASSAGE$300-700incall: 60 min — $300outcall: 60 min — $500outcall: 90 min — $700RATES 4-HANDS MASSAGE$400-1200incall: 30 mins — $400incall: 60 min — $600outcall: 60 min — $800outcall: 90 min — $1200CHANGE ROLES$300-700incall: 60 min – $300outcall: 60 min – $500outcall: 90 min – $700EROTIC SAKURA MASSAGE$300-600incall: 60 min — $300outcall: 60 min — $500outcall: 90 min — $600 Erotic massages as a key to health and pleasure The main feature of any erotic massage is that it not only provides the patient with healing from a wide range of mental and physical illnesses, but also gives him pleasure. The latter makes this group of massages popular not only among those who resort to massages to improve their health, but also those who consider massages as an exotic thing that should definitely be tried in order to experience something new and extraordinary. FAQS We have selected the most common questions that our clients ask us. Why is it worth choosing sensual massages? Sensual massages simultaneously give people two important things: — Firstly, they are an effective way to treat and prevent a wide range of mental and physical disorders; — Secondly, they deliver people joy and pleasure. Sensual massages are often used by people in order to experience unusual sensations, immerse themselves in the world of tenderness, affection and pleasure, and also make changes in their own habitual course of life. Key advantages of body-rub massages The main advantages of body-rub massages ordinarily include: — Strong pleasant sensations the client get during the massage session; — Ease of carrying out massage; — Saving valuable time thanks to the high efficiency of all body-rub techniques; — Simultaneous impact on several functional points of the patient’s body; — Additional means such as Nuru gel, which make the massage easy, convenient, pleasant and quick; — Possibility of simultaneous positive influence on not only the patient’s body, but also his soul; — Clothes and other foreign things do not interfere with the close contact of two naked bodies. Tantric massage as the greatest way to both pleasure and healing Another popular, widespread and beneficial type of erotic massage is tantra. Tantric massage is something between love play and healing procedure. The main goal of this type of massage is to reveal the emotional background and to relax through gentle touches. During the massage session, there is a gentle effect on the partner’s body, which allows you to get rid of the accumulated negative thought forms, images and emotions. What are the types of massage? Nuru as the most effective Japanese massage Nuru massage ensures the closest possible contact between the bodies of the masseuse and her partner. This factor makes Nuru massage one of the most useful and effective. Before the massage, both partners completely undress and lubricate their bodies with a special lubricant — Nuru gel, which ensures easy and quick sliding of one body over the surface of another body. During the massage session, the masseuse rubs her naked body against the naked body of her partner, thereby affecting the most significant functional points of the patient’s body. Thai massage as the key to bodily health and peace of mind Thai massage came to us from Thailand. Today there are many different directions and techniques of Thai massage, but its main principles remain unchanged — the massage therapist physically affects the most important functional points on the patient’s body in order to prevent and treat a wide range of mental and physical diseases. Despite the fact that Thai massage is considered an erotic one, its massage techniques involve actively using not only the hands, fingers, arms and palms of the massage therapist, but also his/her knees, legs and other parts of his/her body, unlike most other types of erotic massage. A few words about 4hands massages Sometimes a massage performed by just one masseuse is not considered effective enough. In such cases, the patient resorts to several masseuses who simultaneously massage his body by using both of their hands. That’s why this type of massage is usually called 4-hand massage. Thanks to the simultaneous use of several hands, the massage session becomes very effective and beneficial. It also saves valuable time required for the massage. BEST ADULT HAPPY-ENDING MASSAGES FROM THE LEADING MASSAGE PARLOR If you are in need of high quality, effective massage, then be sure to visit our massage parlors in the city of New York! Professional masseuses, the best managers, affordable prices, all the necessary massage accessories, a wide range of services provided, convenient working hours and our easily accessible massage salons are our main advantages. We are sure that once you have tried our services, you are certain to become our regular visitors! By the way, we provide significant discounts to our regular visitors. This fact makes our massages services even more attractive! Nuru massage ensures the closest possible contact between the bodies of the masseuse and her partner. This factor makes Nuru massage one of the most useful and effective. Before the massage, both partners completely undress and lubricate their bodies with a special lubricant - Nuru gel, which ensures easy and quick sliding of one body over the surface of another body. During the massage session, the masseuse rubs her naked body against the naked body of her partner, thereby affecting the most significant functional points of the patient's body. At the conclusion of such a massage, sexy girls will offer you a drink of whiskey or tea. Our advantagesTypes of massagesMassage OilsMassage for relaxationOur advantages Key advantages of body-rub massages The main advantages of body-rub massages ordinarily include: — Strong pleasant sensations the client get during the massage session; — Ease of carrying out massage; — Saving valuable time thanks to the high efficiency of all body-rub techniques; — Simultaneous impact on several functional points of the patient’s body; — Additional means such as Nuru gel, which make the massage easy, convenient, pleasant and quick; — Possibility of simultaneous positive influence on not only the patient’s body, but also his soul; — Clothes and other foreign things do not interfere with the close contact of two naked bodies. Types of massages Tantric massage as the greatest way to both pleasure and healing Another popular, widespread and beneficial type of erotic massage is tantra. Tantric massage is something between love play and healing procedure. The main goal of this type of massage is to reveal the emotional background and to relax through gentle touches. During the massage session, there is a gentle effect on the partner’s body, which allows you to get rid of the accumulated negative thought forms, images and emotions. Massage Oils Thai massage as the key to bodily health and peace of mind Thai massage came to us from Thailand. Today there are many different directions and techniques of Thai massage, but its main principles remain unchanged — the massage therapist physically affects the most important functional points on the patient’s body in order to prevent and treat a wide range of mental and physical diseases. Despite the fact that Thai massage is considered an erotic one, its massage techniques involve actively using not only the hands, fingers, arms and palms of the massage therapist, but also his/her knees, legs and other parts of his/her body, unlike most other types of erotic massage. Massage for relaxation Try our masseuses and learn more about their high-quality bodywork A lot of slender, beautiful, highly skilled and experienced masseuses work in our NYC massage salon. Thanks to their high-end bodywork, you are bound to get what you have been dreaming of for so long. Our talented masseuses know how not only to make your body and soul healthy, but also to give you the most pleasant sensations during the session. Don’t hesitate to book one of our adult massage services, select the girl you find great and enjoy your massage sessions! You can also book an outcall if you find your place the most appropriate for erotic massages. Contact our massage studio by phone, email or via this website as soon as possible and get the most pleasant unforgettable sensations from our brilliant girls! CONTACT We have a well-developed network of salons. Call or write to us on the phone, we will forward you. Try the exotic of Asia and plunge into an endless world of pleasure! Want to try something new? Tired of your daily routines? Do you want radical changes for the better in your lifestyle? Do you prefer unusual and extraordinary things? Then the best Asian exotic is bound to help you out! Feel like paradise with our attractive, slim and talented masseuses. The best New York girls, the best prices, and a wide range of high-quality exotic services from our massage parlor are at your service! TRY US BODY 2 BODY SLIDING INTIMATE EXPERIENCE BEST WAY TO RELAX +1 (347)4444498 YOUR NEW SPACE PLEASURE ANONYMOUS AND SECURE FLAWLESS You can call us. WhatsApp (_)(_) ABOUT US SERVICE MODELS RATES FAQS CONTACT NURU MASSAGE Japanese massage Tantric massage Adult massage Nude massage Body to body massage Four (4) hands massage Best massage Parlour massage Sensual Massage Body Rub massage Happy ending massage The best erotic massage Exotic massage Thai massage Body Work massage CONTACT +1 (917) 775-71-07 YOUR NEW SPACE PLEASURE ANONYMOUS AND SECURE FLAWLESS You can write us an SMS or call. You can also order a call back, absolutely free. REQUEST A CALL` Locations Manhattan address 135 W 58 st New York ,NY 10019 Midtown (Manhattan midtown West) 226 E 51st New York, NY 10021 (Manhattan midtown East) 23 W 56 St New York, NY 10019 Uptown 155W 83 st New York, NY 10024 Uptown 28 water st New York. NY 10004 Downtown Downtown address 28 water st New York. NY 10004 Downtown Midtown address 135 W 58 st New York ,NY 10019 Midtown (Manhattan midtown West) 226 E 51st New York, NY 10021 (Manhattan midtown East) Uptown address 23 W 56 St New York, NY 10019 Uptown 155W 83 st New York, NY 10024 Uptown Brooklyn address 12 gelston ave Brooklyn, NY 11209 New Jersey address 2090 route 27 north , Lincoln Hwy , Edison NJ 088117 New Jersey Ошибка: Контактная форма не найдена.