Content Analytics and Insights for Digital Publishing | Chartbeat Products Chartbeat for Publishing Dashboards Optimization Reporting Add-Ons Datastream Real-Time Data Pipeline Resources Product Support Help Center Documentation APIs Education Industry & Community Blog Library Partnerships Company About Team Careers Press Sign In Get a Demo Unlock the value in your content data. Clever and powerful software that grows your audience through insight and action. Get a demo Trusted by thousands of content teams around the world. Meet Chartbeat Improve audience engagement, inform editorial decisions, and increase loyalty. Chartbeat delivers real-time analytics, insights, and transformative tools for content teams around the world. The Suite Chartbeat for Publishing Made to monitor. Made to optimize. Made to measure. Learn More The Pipeline Datastream Unique real-time content data, piped straight to your systems. Learn More We are able to consistently optimize the homepage experience — key to subscriber growth and retention — for engagement and usability. If a piece of content is under-performing, we see it now and can take immediate action, making changes or swapping it out. Kurt Gessler Project Manager, Tribune Publishing Being able to extract live data has been transformational. We are able to make live content decisions backed up by research from platforms which is relevant at the time of publication. The app makes it possible for me to stay in touch with performance when I am not working. Verified User Manager Chartbeat allows us [to] know extremely quickly what content is most important to our readers, and thereby allows us a strategic advantage on other platforms. John Byrne CEO, Raw Story Media Chartbeat is used across our company as a key analytical tool to monitor audience for our online news platforms. We use it at a national, regional and local level for in excess of 50 news media sites. Verified User It’s not just the impact of the tools themselves that are helpful for real-time decision-making, it’s how easy it is to access and use them. Everyone in our newsroom uses Chartbeat. Flavio Moreira SEO Editor at UOL Since Chartbeat was made available it is used as a constant tool by our senior editorial team to judge what coverage is attracting audience and this influences further decisions over immediate editorial and strategic planning. Verified User [Engaged Minutes] is much more valuable to us than pageviews. It gives us a much deeper understanding of how our readers are interacting with our content. Gabe Isman Director of Technology, The Marshall Project Chartbeat provides the fastest and cleanest signals from the audience of any analytics product available. Verified User Executive Using this software has helped us make editorial decisions that have led to substantial gains in traffic and users. Verified User Product Management It's great for a newsroom, an editorial team, as well as marketing and other editorial brand needs. Jerry Portwood Editorial Director, Rolling Stone The Newest Edition category title by category title by category title by Want to learn more? Let’s talk. Get a Demo Terms Privacy Your Privacy Settings Security & Compliance Product Dashboards Reporting Optimization Add-ons Resources Help Center and FAQ Documentation Education APIs Company About Team Careers Press Made to measure. © Chartbeat 701 Tillery St, Unit 12-1019, Austin, TX 78702 hello@chartbeat.com ｜ (917) 810-7844 Get our latest research. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter.