WKU - Western Kentucky University Your browser does not support iframes. Warning! This page requires JavaScript to be enabled in order to function properly. It appears it is currently turned off for your browser. If you need help enabling JavaScript, please contact the ITS Service Desk. Skip to main content Western Kentucky University Apply Visit More Info About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Students Campus Safety Bookstore iWKU Mobile App Dining Transportation Diversity Faculty/Staff Academic Calendar Human Resources Directory Health & Wellness myWKU Parents Family Programs Parent & Family Portal Campus Safety Cost of Attendance Member Profile Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Events Make a Gift SpiritFunder WKU SPIRIT Sign in to access Email • Blackboard • TopNet * Search WKU What majors and programs are available at WKU? How do I apply for financial aid and scholarships? Where can I register for a campus tour? What housing options are available? How can I contact an academic advisor? Sign in to access Email • Blackboard • TopNet Make a Gift Apply Visit More Info The Future of Business Education at WKU Climb With Us Exceptional academic programs, applied learning opportunities, and world-renowned faculty are only part of what makes the WKU experience unparalleled. Your hopes, dreams and ideas are important to us. We strive to provide you with an environment where creativity is nurtured and intellect grows. WKU is a student centered, applied research university. That means we are dedicated to making sure you achieve your goals and graduate with skills for success. You will not only graduate with a diploma, you will enter the real world with experience that makes you stand out above the rest. Apply Now Visit Campus About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Search Programs Undergraduate Undergraduate Graduate Search Browse Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs College of Education & Behavioral Sciences College of Health & Human Services Gordon Ford College of Business Ogden College of Science & Engineering Potter College of Arts & Letters “I would not be where I am today if not for the academic and social experiences I’ve had at WKU. When I first saw the campus, I knew this is where I needed to be, and I can’t imagine going anywhere else.” — Tori Minteer, WKU Graduate Student from Louisville, KY Undergraduate Graduate International Transfer Online Bowling Green, KY Located in the heart of Kentucky's third-largest city, our hilltop campus is a place of beauty and friendliness. Whether you're looking to explore the natural world, walk to a restaurant downtown, or catch a sporting event, Bowling Green has a variety of attractions for WKU students and their families to enjoy. Additionally, Bowling Green is located approximately 110 miles south of Louisville and 65 miles north of Nashville, making it easy to travel to other regional destinations. In addition to the campus in Bowling Green, WKU’s Regional Campuses in Elizabethtown/Ft. Knox, Glasgow, Owensboro, and Somerset bring our academic programs, continuing education and professional development programs to you. Learn More Regional Campuses “I chose social work because I wanted to help people. Social work is an amazing degree because you aren’t limited to what field you can work in. You can do therapy, CPS, APS, Hospice, Hospital, Military, and so many more incredible options.” — Harley Chestnut, WKU Senior from Fernandina Beach, FL WKU by the Numbers 22.7 Average Class Size 16,493K+ Total Enrollment Top 15 Cities on the Riseby Southern Living 200+ Academic Programs 93% Freshmen Receiving Scholarship Aid 1 in 4 Campuses in the World Named a Safe Community Intercultural Student Engagement Center Mahurin Honors College Study Abroad & Global Learning Research & Creative Activity Rewarding Hard Work and Increasing Access Most of WKU’s merit scholarships are based on high school GPA instead of standardized test scores. Explore the many scholarship opportunities available to you at WKU. Scholarships “Intangarugero mu Mwigire no mu Gufasha Kominote means academics, leadership, and community service in my family’s native language, Kinyarwanda. That’s why I came to WKU. No other school compared to WKU in both quality and value. My time on The Hill has provided me with an incredible business education and allowed me to fulfill my passion of influencing the next generation through a lot of community work and volunteerism.” — Bosco Tuyisenge, WKU Senior from Bowling Green, KY Tuition & Fees Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships News WKU to participate in statewide tornado drill Date Posted: March 05, 2024 WKU will participate in the statewide tornado safety drill on Wednesday (March 6). At approximately 9:07 a.m. (Central time), WKU will test its emergency communications network, including the outdoor... WKU Regents approve programs, award Distinguished Professor status to Emslie, Zi... Date Posted: March 01, 2024 At its first quarterly meeting of the calendar year, the WKU Board of Regents approved a number of new academic programs, including a Bachelor of Science in Neuroscience and a Bachelor of Science in... WKU junior named WHNPA Student Video Photographer of the Year Date Posted: February 22, 2024 WKU Visual Journalism and Photography student Brett Phelps, a junior from Bardstown, has earned national recognition from the White House News Photographers Association®.... View All News Events Mar 9thChoose WKUDowning Student Union8:00am - 2:00pmMar 15thHalls Close at 6 PM for Spring BreakAll Residence Halls except Hilltopper & Rodes Harlin Halls6:00pm - 12:00amMar 30thChoose WKUE. A. Diddle Arena - Entrance 28:00am - 2:00pmApr 2ndHead for the HillE. A. Diddle Arena - Entrance 28:00am - 2:00pm View All Events Western Kentucky University 1906 College Heights Blvd. Bowling Green, KY 42101 Search WKU About WKU Academics Admissions Athletics Student Life Transparency & Accountability Accessibility Title IX Careers Statement of Non-Discrimination Contact Us Site Index Privacy Statement Last Modified 1/9/24