QDOBA Mexican Eats | Mexican Restaurants & Catering Skip to content My Account Order Online Order Locations Our Menu Rewards Catering Gift Cards Careers Citrus Lime Shrimp Returns!* Bold, tangy, freshly sautéed in-house. ORDER NOW Surf & Turf Get in on a double dose of delicious flavor Have the best of both worlds when you add Surf & Turf to the mix. Get double the protein AND double the flavor with a combination of tangy Citrus Lime Shrimp and tender Grilled Steak. Contains shellfish. At participating locations. ORDER NOW Soup Season is Here Get cozy with Loaded Tortilla Soup Savory veggie broth packed with flavor, tomatoes, peppers, onions, and spices. Load it up with your choice of protein and craveable toppings in a crunchy tortilla shell or bowl.Back for a limited time. At participating locations. ORDER ONLINE Cater your next event with us! Easy ordering, delivery, and convenient setup. We make catering effortless! From customizable Hot Bars to Individual Meals and Build Your Own Tacos, your whole crowd will be satisfied.A variety for all – delicious dishes with flavorful proteins and tasty toppings. Explore our catering menu and place your order today! ORDER CATERING BOLD, UNIQUE, FRESH Authentic Mexican-inspired flavors in every bite Inspired by the culinary traditions of Mexico, your meal is prepared in-house and by hand. It starts with high-quality ingredients that are sautéed, slow-cooked, and pickled in-house, for flavors you can only find here.Because you deserve the best-quality eats to satisfy your cravings, QDOBA pledges (View Our Pledge) to provide high-quality ingredients packed with flavor every day. LEARN MORE FREE GUAC Always fresh, always flavorful and always free on entrées.** START ORDER About Us With us, it's all about flavor – the flavor of our food, the flavor of our restaurants and, most importantly, the flavorful people and communities. We invite you to learn about us and what inspires us to serve you. Our StoryGetting our start in 1995, we have stayed true to bringing bold and fresh authentic Mexican Flavors to communities and you. LEARN MORE Our Mission We believe flavor inspires flavor, which is why we, celebrate guests like you in our mission to make the world a more flavorful place. LEARN MORE Our Flavor FamilyOur restaurant teams are made up of flavorful people, embodying a diverse family with a wide range of passions. LEARN MORE Earn rewards for your cravings! Eat at QDOBA In-store or online, redeem points on every order you place. Earn Rewards Points Earn 1 point for every $1 spent. It’s that simple! Enjoy FREE Food The more you order, the more you earn – the flavor never ends! NOT A MEMBER? JOIN NOW *At participating locations.**First portion of guac & queso free on Create your Own entrees. Extra portions subject to charge. We use cookies to improve our products and your experience on our website, www.qdoba.com, by evaluating the use of the website, products and services to personalize content and ads, provide social media features and analyze our traffic. By agreeing to the use of cookies on our website, you direct us to disclose your personal information to our third party service providers for those purposes. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy. OK Corporate Info About Us Careers Franchise Newsroom Our Food Our Menu Food Philosophy Dietary Preferences Nutritional Guide Allergen Guide Ingredients We Pledge To Avoid Download Our Menu Explore More Talk To Us Gift Cards Fundraising Cookie Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Health Plan Transparency in Coverage Notice of Collection for California Employees QDOBA Mexican Restaurant Locations Near Me Our Mobile Apps