UCAS | At the heart of connecting people to higher education Skip navigation Search Discover Open panel What should I do? Explore all your options and start planning your next steps. Create your UCAS Hub Discover Ultimate Guides UCAS Hub Careers Quiz UCAS events and exhibitions Chat to students Gap years International students What to do Discover courses Explore apprenticeships Higher Technical Qualifications (HTQs) Subject guides Industry guides Explore employers Degree apprenticeships Student finance Where to go Universities and colleges Discover regions City guides Accommodation options UCAS events Create your future Preparing for your event UCAS discovery UndergraduateUniversity and conservatoires Open panel Not sure what to do? Browse subject guides Explore subjects Applying to university When to apply How to apply UCAS Tariff points Key dates Apply and track your application Personal statement Individual needs What and where to study Subjects Choosing a course Higher Technical Qualifications (HTQs) What can I do next? Distance learning Conservatoires Open days After applying Interviews Track your application Decisions and offers Clearing and results day What is Clearing? Clearing matches Results day After results day Advice for parents, guardians and carers Guide to Clearing Higher education terms glossary Parent, guardian and carer guide Sign up to the newsletter PostgraduateReturning to university Open panel Returning to uni? All the information you need to take your education to the next level Explore postgraduate options Choosing a course Qualification types What's the right course for you? Studying at a conservatoire How to apply International students Benefits of studying in the UK Moving to and living in the UK Fees, loans, and funding Postgraduate loans Conservatoire tuition fees and finance Teacher training Choosing a career in teaching Training to teach in England Training to teach in Scotland and Wales Applying for teacher training Money & student life Open panel Money Student finance Scholarships grants and bursaries Additional funding Budgeting Managing money Student discounts Student life Accommodation City guides Starting uni or college Chat to students Mental health and wellbeing Apprenticeships Open panel Apprenticeships Earn while you learn. Get industry experience. Discover apprenticeships. Search for apprenticeships What Degree apprenticeships How long does it take? Who are they for? Rights and responsibilities Where England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Discover Browse by industry Find an employer Case studies Career quiz Search and apply Search for apprenticeships How to apply Subscribe to alerts Careers advice CareersHelp with finding a job Open panel Careers advice Get into a career you love with our advice. Search for jobs Discover Search for jobs Take the career quiz Find employers Browse by industry Help and advice Write a CV Craft a cover letter Preparing for interviews Assessment centres Types of employment Apprenticeships Jobs Internships Volunteering Starting work Getting paid Understanding contracts First day of work Part-time jobs Search User menu Choose your future All results Courses Uni & colleges Apprenticeships Advice Events Accommodation Discovery exhibitions 2024 Meet over 100 unis, colleges and apprenticeship employers face-to-face. Explore more › Advertisement. Why the ads? Advertisement. Why the ads? Explore your options The personalised space to help you make the next step Explore more › Explore uni and colleges A-Z and search universities and colleges Explore more › Explore regions UK regions and city guides. Explore more › Find your ideal career Take our career quiz to find your ideal job matched to your personality type. Take the quiz Applying to university When and how to apply for an undergraduate course Explore more › Applying to a conservatoire All you need to know about studying and applying for performance-based courses at conservatoires Explore more › Apprenticeships Everying you need to know about UK apprenticeships Explore more › Chat to students They know the uni, the courses, the accommodation, and the nightlife! Explore more › Student accommodation Find your digs – from campus halls to private living Explore more › Don't miss out! Get the personalised experience Create your account now Updates from UCAS 2024 sees more 18-year-olds apply for higher education UCAS data shows 316,850 UK 18-year-olds have applied to university or college this year – an increase of 0.7% from 2023 and the second highest on record. Read more Connecting Futures: UCAS and Unibuddy's new online chat matches students for an inside look at uni life Students applying through UCAS can now get an insider’s view into life and learning on campus through a new online chat function which automatically matches them with current students. Read more Rising popularity of creative arts among Chinese students can help maintain UK’s competitive global position UK universities should take advantage of Chinese students’ rising interest in creative arts degrees to remain competitive on the world stage, a new report has found. Read more Favourite Advisers Get access to guides and resources Favourite Providers Sign in to access our services Favourite Data and Analysis Favourite Businesses and employers Data, insight, and marketing opportunities Contact us TikTok Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Advisers Providers Businesses Employers About us Join our team Accessibility Our data and analysis Glossary Terms and conditions Privacy and cookies Modern slavery statement © UCAS 2024