NRF | Voice of Retail Skip to main content NRF State of Retail & the Consumer Mar 20 Read more Related Sites Menu NRF Foundation NRF Job Board NRF MembershipLogin Search Search Explore Search Main navigation ADVOCACY Policy Spotlight Action Center Policy Committees Policy Issues RetailPAC Store Tours EVENTS Calendar Retail Events Retail's Big Show NRF Retail Law Summit NRF PROTECT Retail's Big Show Asia Pacific NRF Nexus RESEARCH & INSIGHTS Center for Retail & Consumer Insights Consumer Research Holiday Data and Trends Top Retailers Economy Forecasts Retail’s Impact State of Retail Member-Submitted Research All Research RESOURCES NRF Blog Retail Gets Real Podcast 4-5-4 Calendar Job Board Retail Safety and Security Tools NRF Center for Digital Risk & Innovation Retail Law Resource Center Center for Retail Sustainability TOPICS Economy Careers and Leadership Connected Commerce Consumer Trends Cybersecurity Loss Prevention Organized Retail Crime Retail Technology Small Business Supply Chain MEMBERSHIP Join Member Login Committees and Councils ABOUT US Who We Are Board of Directors NRF Staff Careers at NRF Sponsor and Advertise MEDIA CENTER Media Contacts Press Releases NRF MembershipLogin Follow us: National Retail Federation NRF State of Retail & the Consumer Don’t miss NRF’s State of Retail & the Consumer 2024 as we explore the health of American consumers and the retail industry. Register now The National Retail Federation is the world’s largest retail trade association. Every day, we passionately stand up for the people, policies and ideas that help retail succeed. NRF Center for Retail & Consumer Insights The CNBC/NRF Retail Monitor, powered by Affinity Solutions, provides a first look at how retail sales performed last month. Explore more Call your member of Congress As a key industry leader, your voice carries extra weight with Congress as it weighs legislation to reform the broken and unfair U.S. credit card market. Learn more Public policy outlook for retail in 2024 NRF in Washington: A focus on retail crime, credit card swipe fees, workforce issues and the supply chain. Read more Latest from NRF Monthly Economic Review Monthly Economic Review: March 2024 The path of monetary policy runs through the inflation outlook. Read more Monthly Economic Review NRF Economist Says Inflation and Interest Rates Remain Key Inflation and efforts to bring it under control will continue to play a major role in the economy this year. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show Capturing the right data to fuel retail success NRF 2024: How Abercrombie & Fitch, Sephora and The Vitamin Shoppe stay connected to consumers. Read more Retail Gets Real Podcast Improving the front-line associate experience at PetSmart Retail Gets Real episode 338: HR talent leader Theresa Lee on culture, communication development and a growth mindset. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show Drew Barrymore and Shae Hong work within a union of trust and taste NRF 2024: The co-founders of home goods brand Beautiful by Drew discuss their partnership and connecting with consumers. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show How BÉIS Travel and Glossier are transforming markets at the speed of retail NRF 2024: BÉIS' Shay Mitchell and Glossier's Kyle Leahy in conversation with Shopify's Harley Finkelstein. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show Future trends that will shape consumer behavior and retail operations NRF 2024: Leaders of GDR Creative Intelligence, WGSN and WD Partners on technology's impact and the role of stores. Read more Retail Gets Real Podcast Inside the digital transformation of Abercrombie & Fitch Retail Gets Real episode 337: The retailer’s chief digital and technology officer on A&F’s digital revolution. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show Creativity, visibility still needed for U.S. ports, supply chain NRF 2024: Experts from IKEA, Port Houston and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey on what's ahead. Read more NRF 2024: Retail's Big Show Dick’s Sporting Goods’ Ed Stack on leadership, mistakes and vision NRF 2024: Dick’s Sporting Goods’ Ed Stack proves that doing the right thing is always the right thing to do. Read more Retail Sales Census Sales Data Shows Consumers ‘Still Engaged’ Data released by the U.S. Census Bureau shows retail sales cooled in January but that households continued to spend. Read more Economy Store closing announcements up in 2023 Against a tougher consumer backdrop, 2023 was a challenging year for many retailers. Read more NRF 2024 event recap That’s a wrap for NRF 2024: Retail’s Big Show! Check out the Event Recap below. NRF 2024 event recap NRF Blog Michelle Gass on leadership, taking risks and her vision for Levi’s Retail Gets Real episode 336: The new CEO of Levi Strauss & Co. outlines the opportunities ahead. Read more Roadmap to NRF's 2023 Year in Review In 2023, NRF championed the people and policies that fuel success for retailers, the jobs they create and the lives they impact. Explore the Roadmap to NRF's Year in Review. Explore now NRF Foundation Honors 2024 The NRF Foundation Honors took place January 14 in NYC to celebrate industry leaders, award student scholarships and showcase retail as an industry with unlimited opportunity. The event raised more than $3 million to fund the NRF Foundation’s career development programs and resources. Read more SmartBrief newsletters Want to be the first to know about the latest retail news? Choose from five curated editions and subscribe for free. Sign up for SmartBrief Latest retail news from NRF SmartBrief March 4, 2024 Investor group increases takeout offer for Macy's to $6.6B March 4, 2024 Athleta signs Olympian Katie Ledecky for "Power of She" March 4, 2024 Workwear brand Wolverine lauds women's achievements March 4, 2024 Kendra Scott does more sales and good via collaborations March 4, 2024 Zara to reopen 50 stores in Ukraine March 4, 2024 Adidas, Farm Rio launch collection marking decade of partnership Sign up for NRF SmartBrief 1101 New York Avenue NW Suite 1200 Washington, DC 20005 1-202-626-8100 1-800-673-4692 contact@nrf.com Helpful Links Footer menu About Us Media Center Membership Newsletters Follow Us Sponsor & Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 1997 — National Retail Federation