Vulture - Entertainment News - TV, Movies, Music, Books, Theater, Art Intelligencer The Cut Vulture The Strategist Curbed Grub Street Magazine Subscribe to the Magazine Give a Gift Subscription Buy Back Issues Current Issue Contents New York Shop Subscribe Sign In Account Profile Sign Out Menu Menu Close Close TV Movies Comedy Music TV Recaps What to Stream Books Theater Art Awards Podcasts About Newsletters Vulture Insiders Video Vulture Festival Like Us Follow Us Follow NYMag.com New York Magazine Intelligencer Vulture The Cut The Strategist Grub Street Curbed Devouring Culture Search Search Close TV Recaps Movies Comedy Music Books Theater Streaming Hot Topics: The Action Edition Movies Fantasy League Love Is Blind Dune: Part Two The Traitors Awards Season let's go The 100 Fights That Shaped Action Cinema Whether the scenes featured fists, firearms, or blades, the result was always the same: The crowd was pleased. méliès's legacy Everything That Happens in a Dune: Part Two 4DX Screening My jittery, flashy, splishy-splashy time inside the biggest gimmick theater on the planet. By Rebecca Alter gold rush Why Did Pundits Underestimate Cillian Murphy? For much of the 2024 Oscars race, pundits have been skeptical of Cillian Murphy’s chances of taking home Best Actor. Why? By Nate Jones in memoriam The Most Essential Richard Lewis Episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm A salute to “the most pretentious man in the world” and Larry David’s kindred bastard. By Charles Bramesco Action Items Read all the stories in our first digital issue. Jake Gyllenhaal’s Unlikely, Unsettling Road to Action Stardom By Bilge Ebiri And the Winners of the 2024 Stunt Awards Are … Watch Out for the Killer Gams By Alison Willmore Can you name a one-word movie title with Viola Davis? Play the latest Cinematrix 5-Down, Seven Letters: Ninja Turtle in a red bandana Play the latest Vulture 10x10. The Feed The Feed The Feed vulture 10x10 5:00 a.m. The Spice Puzzle 5-Down, Seven Letters: Ninja Turtle in a red bandana vulture games 5:00 a.m. Cinematrix No. 7: Mar 5, 2024 Can you name a one-word movie title with Viola Davis? bergalicious 2:09 a.m. The Traitors Season 3 Is Shooting Their Shot They’re planning even more “casting twists” for the upcoming season. cool cool cool 3/4/2024 Greendale Community College Is Restarting Classes Soon Leader of the study group Joel McHale thinks production for the Community movie will resume sometime this year. lost media 3/4/2024 Deleted Dune 2 Scenes May Be Forever Lost in a Sandstorm Director Denis Villeneuve has no plans to release any deleted scenes from the movie. cast away 3/4/2024 Selena Gomez to Spend Her Time Offline Playing Linda Ronstadt “I know too much about her at this point.” Streamliner A weekly newsletter of TV and movie recommendations. Email This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Vox Media, LLC Terms and Privacy Notice By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. the law 3/4/2024 Lil Rod Accuses Diddy of Involvement in Alleged Studio Shooting in Amended Suit In addition to sexual-assault allegations. trailer mix 3/4/2024 Hot Priest Is Doing Crimes in Ripley Netlix’s Ripley is black and white, set in ’60s Italy, and stars Andrew Scott. So yeah, there’s gonna be some fanfic. oscars 2024 3/4/2024 Everything We Know About the 2024 Academy Awards The Oscars are Sunday, March 10. Prepare yourself. movie review 3/4/2024 Adam Sandler Is All Wrong for Spaceman Sandler plays a Czech astronaut. Paul Dano plays a giant spider from outer space that comes out of his nose. This movie should have been a lot better. the action edition 3/4/2024 Picking His Fights The twists and turns of Jake Gyllenhaal’s unlikely, unsettling action career have brought him to Road House. fight club 3/4/2024 Watch Out for the Killer Gams Leg crush. Flying scissor. Whatever you call it, the move has become an inescapable part of action heroine fights. take two 3/4/2024 And the Winners of the 2024 Stunt Awards Are … Over 200 action pros voted on the bruisingest, nakedist, and base-jumpiest achievements of the year. vulture lists 3/4/2024 The 25 Best Action-Movie Parodies Ever For as long as we’ve had films packed with fights and stunts, we’ve also made fun of them. More News More News More News More News More News More News Most Popular Cinematrix No. 7: Mar 5, 2024 Saturday Night Live Recap: Sydney Sweeney’s Saturday Night Yikes The 100 Fights That Shaped Action Cinema The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live Recap: Of All the Gin Joints Glasgow’s Sad Oompa Loompa Isn’t Gonna Sugarcoat This Saturday Night Live Recap: Sydney Sweeney’s Saturday Night Yikes The 100 Fights That Shaped Action Cinema The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live Recap: Of All the Gin Joints Cinematrix No. 7: Mar 5, 2024 Picking His Fights Interview Feud’s Diane Lane on the Dual Tragedies of Slim Keith By Marah Eakin TV Recaps Below Deck (S11/E5) Queen Drunk Jared’s terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day gets worse. Curb Your Enthusiasm (S12/E5) Defamatory Brick In an episode dedicated to the late Richard Lewis, Larry pays tribute to some of the best moments of Curb and Seinfeld past. The Real Housewives of Potomac (S8/E15) Darby’s Barbie Dreamland The wives finally address their longstanding issues in front of the cameras. It’s a small win, but we’ll take it. The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live (S1/E2) Of All the Gin Joints So this is what Michonne has been up to since leaving The Walking Dead. The Regime (S1/E1) To Err Is Humid Kate Winslet plays an autocratic strongwoman who, like all strongmen, is actually quite weak. More Recaps Vulture Lists The 25 Best Action-Movie Parodies Ever Movie Worms, Ranked The 10 Best Movies and TV Shows to Watch This Weekend How to Watch and Stream Every 2024 Oscar-Nominated Movie 9 Great Audiobooks to Listen to This Month Jack McCoy’s 14 Best Episodes of Law & Order More Vulture Lists Features méliès’s legacy Everything That Happens in a Dune: Part Two 4DX Screening My jittery, flashy, splishy-splashy time inside the biggest gimmick theater on the planet. By Rebecca Alter gold rush Why Did Pundits Underestimate Cillian Murphy? For much of the 2024 Oscars race, pundits have been skeptical of Cillian Murphy’s chances of taking home Best Actor. Why? By Nate Jones in memoriam The Most Essential Richard Lewis Episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm A salute to “the most pretentious man in the world” and Larry David’s kindred bastard. By Charles Bramesco worm Movie Worms, Ranked What even is a worm? By James Grebey Streamliner The 10 Best Movies and TV Shows to Watch This Weekend How to Watch and Stream Every 2024 Oscar-Nominated Movie Why Tubi Is Updating Its Whole Look (and Sound) See More Reviews Adam Sandler Is All Wrong for Spaceman By Bilge Ebiri Brooklyn Laundry’s Drama Has Been Worn to Death By Jackson McHenry Elsbeth Knows What to Do If Only Someone Had Overthrown The Regime By Kathryn VanArendonk TV The Traitors Season 3 Is Shooting Their Shot By Alejandra Gularte Greendale Community College Is Restarting Classes Soon Hot Priest Is Doing Crimes in Ripley Euphoria Season 3 Won’t Happen Until Sam Levinson Figures Out Existence Movies Deleted Dune 2 Scenes May Be Forever Lost in a Sandstorm By Alejandra Gularte Selena Gomez to Spend Her Time Offline Playing Linda Ronstadt Everything We Know About the 2024 Academy Awards Watch Out for the Killer Gams Comedy Curb Your Enthusiasm Recap: Defamatory Brick By Sarah Nechamkin The 25 Best Action-Movie Parodies Ever Sydney Sweeney Becomes a Gen-Z Detective on SNL A Straight Bowen Yang Makes Out With Sydney Sweeney Music Taylor Swift Recruits a Few Professors for Her New Album The 2024 Brit Awards Were a Celeb-Raye-tion Rihanna’s First Full Concert Since 2016 Was Just for the Wealthy Books She Had Razors Hidden in Her Hair Bethany Joy Lenz’s Memoir Will Track Her Decade in a Cult Do I Really Need to Op-Ed to Sell Books? Arts What to See on (and Off)(and Off–Off) Broadway Wilhelmina to Play Miranda in West End Devil Wears Prada Musical I Demand to Ride the Sweeney Todd Death Slide Podcasts What’s Going on With the Cast of Charmed? Mischa Barton Says She Briefly Dated Ben McKenzie on the Set of The O.C. Spotify’s New Joe Rogan Deal Brings the Company Full Circle Greatest Hits in conversation Todd Haynes Plays the Superego The director is interested in people constrained by society’s rules. In his new film May December, he makes it harder to root for the rule-breakers. By Madeline Leung Coleman podcast the industry Romeo and Juliet Was a Tragedy In 1968, Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting were the most famous teenagers in the world. Fifty-five years later, they sued Paramount for child abuse. By Lila Shapiro screen time The Decomposition of Rotten Tomatoes The most overrated metric in entertainment is erratic, reductive, and easily hacked — and yet has Hollywood in its grip. By Lane Brown book review How Zadie Smith Lost Her Teeth Since her audacious debut, she has been moving toward character-driven realism. In the process, she’s become the least interesting version of herself. By Andrea Long Chu podcast fall preview 2023 Finally, the Lesbian Incel Comedy America Has Been Waiting For How NYU friends Ayo Edebiri, Rachel Sennott, and Emma Seligman made Bottoms — and won over Hollywood along the way. By Rachel Handler in conversation ‘I Can Do Things to You With My Voice’ Fifty-one years of acting. Hundreds of roles. One Samuel L. Jackson. By Bilge Ebiri TV Movies Comedy Music Books What To Stream Like Us Follow Us Follow Follow Us About Vulture About New York Magazine Newsletters Help Contact Press Media Kit We’re Hiring Privacy Terms Ad Choices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility vulture is a Vox Media Network. © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All rights reserved.