Art UK | Home [Skip to content] [Skip to main navigation] [Skip to quick links] [Go to accessibility information] Art UK has updated its cookies policy. By using this website you are agreeing to the use of cookies. To find out more read our updated Use of Cookies policy and our updated Privacy policy. Close Menu SIGN IN Search Shop About Discover Learn Stories Donate Main menu Close Home Search form Search Discover Artworks Artists Topics People Art terms Stories Curations Learn Learning resources Write on Art The Superpower of Looking Participate Tagger Curate Art Detective Visit Venues What's on Support us Why support Art UK? Make a donation Individual support Corporate support About What we do Our impact Who we are Who funds us For collections Partner collections Shop and commercial Marketing your collection Managing collections and copyright Shop Prints Art themes Books Gifts About the shop Sign in Register Email address Password Remember me (uncheck on a public computer) By signing up you agree to terms and conditions and privacy policy Forgotten password? Enter your email address below and we’ll send you a link to reset your password Email address Cancel First name Surname Email address Password I agree to the Art UK terms and conditions and privacy policy Sign up to the Art UK newsletter, a weekly edit of insightful art stories Abstract Shapes*, (detail), 1920–1960 by Madge Gill (1882–1961), © crown copyright, photo credit: London Borough of Newham Heritage Service Credit Leaning on a Landscape. 1978, gloss paint on board by Patrick Hughes (b.1939). © Patrick Hughes / Bridgeman Images. Photo credit: Arts Council Collection, Southbank Centre, London ABOUT Art UK is a charity – the online home for the UK's public art collections. Discover how we make art available for enjoyment, learning and research. Pointillist Abstract. oil & crushed eggshells (?) on canvas by Martin Hodder (active 1970s). © the copyright holder. photo credit: Exhall Grange Specialist School & Science College SUPPORT US Donate Art UK is a charity, committed to free access to the nation's art for everyone to enjoy and learn about. Art UK has no advertising, no subscription fees or paywalls – however, less than 1% of readers support our work. Please help by giving £5 or whatever you can afford. Framed print of 'Blue and Orange'. oil on panel by Francis Campbell Boileau Cadell (1883–1937). Photo credit: The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery BUY Art UK Shop Bring art into your life. Every purchase helps local museums and galleries. Photo credit: Bloomberg Philanthropies DOWNLOAD Bloomberg Connects Download the free app to access arts and culture any place, any time. Untitled (Head E). 1981, pencil & ink on paper by Victor Newsome (1935–2018). © the artist's estate. Photo credit: British Council Collection DISCOVER Artworks Search 300,000 artworks – from paintings to prints to sculptures. DISCOVER An online home for UK art Explore thousands of venues with art collections. Click on the map markers to discover incredible art all across the country. Mary Jane Seacole, née Grant. 1869, oil on panel by Albert Charles Challen (1847–1881). Photo credit: National Portrait Gallery, London DISCOVER Stories Find out more about your favourite artists and art. Works on Paper. (detail), 2009, acrylic gouache on paper by Peter McDonald (b.1973). © the artist & Kate MacGarry Gallery. Photo credit: Government Art Collection DISCOVER Curations Anyone, anywhere can curate their own online exhibition. Self Portrait. 2000, oil on canvas by Barbara Walker (b.1964). © the artist. Photo credit: The Collection: Art & Archaeology in Lincolnshire (Usher Gallery) DISCOVER Artists Explore over 50,000 artists, from the famous to the lesser-known. Mary Millet (1617–1659) (detail). 1633, oil on panel by British (English) School. Photo credit: Manchester Art Gallery PARTICIPATE Art Detective Help public art collections across the country make new discoveries. Art UK Partner collections Our Partners are key stakeholders in Art UK, representing the core body of UK art collections. Find out more New from Art UK's Partners A sense of place: diversifying landscape painting at Dulwich Picture Gallery © Hurvin Anderson. All Rights Reserved, DACS 2024. Photo credit: Richard Ivey / Dulwich Picture Gallery Story A sense of place: diversifying landscape painting at Dulwich Picture Gallery Studies of Contrails © the copyright holder. Photo credit: Royal Air Force Museum artwork Studies of Contrails 1940 Collaboration and devotion: Ben Nicholson's '1932–34 (head)' © Angela Verren Taunt. All rights reserved, DACS 2024. Photo credit: Kettle's Yard, University of Cambridge Story Collaboration and devotion: Ben Nicholson's '1932–34 (head)' Sphinx © Estate of Maud Sulter. All rights reserved, DACS 2024. Photo credit: Harris Museum, Art Gallery & Library artwork Sphinx 1987 Search Search for "" Supported by Arts Council Our Funders ® is a registered trade mark of the Public Catalogue Foundation. Art UK is the operating name of the Public Catalogue Foundation, a charity registered in England and Wales (1096185) and Scotland (SC048601). Follow us Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Top Subscribe to newsletter Donate to Art UK Quick links Contact us FAQ Terms of use Privacy policy Use of cookies Copyright notice Disclaimer Accessibility Jobs Shop Website credits ® is a registered trade mark of the Public Catalogue Foundation. Art UK is the operating name of the Public Catalogue Foundation, a charity registered in England and Wales (1096185) and Scotland (SC048601).