Homepage | Participant Skip to main content About History Executives Films Episodic News Press Releases In the News Press Contacts Take Action Careers Current Positions Internships Contact Search Homepage Pause Play In Theaters November 3rd In Theaters November 3rd Watch The Trailer Learn More In Theaters and on Digital August 4th! In Theaters and on Digital August 4th! Watch The Trailer In Theaters This August Coming Soon Watch The Trailer Now Streaming Now Streaming Watch The Trailer In Theaters April 28 Now Streaming Watch The Trailer Now Streaming Now Streaming Watch The Trailer Now Streaming on HBO Max Now Streaming on max Watch The Trailer Take Action Now Streaming on Peacock Now Streaming on Peacock Watch The Trailer The Past Is Always Present The Past Is Always Present Now Streaming on Netflix Now Streaming on Netflix WATCH THE TRAILER Get Involved Makes Oscars history with triple nominations. Now Streaming on Hulu Watch The Trailer Get Involved Recent Highlights Participant Announces New Narrative and & Documentary Series, ‘The Forgotten Revolutionary’ Participant Announces ‘Huntington’ with Glen Powell Starring Diego Nájera, Participant’s Rising Star Participant at Sundance 2024 ‘All the Beauty and the Bloodshed’ Wins a Shorty Impact Award Participant and River Road Reteam with Magnolia Pictures for ‘Food, Inc. 2’ More subscribe Become a Participant Sign up to get exclusive updates and extras. First Name email CAPTCHA By clicking subscribe, I consent to receive email updates from Participant and agree to Participant’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Leave this field blank Default Footer Logos ABOUT PARTICIPANT Founded in 2004 by Chairman Jeff Skoll and under the leadership of CEO David Linde, Participant is the leading global media company dedicated to content that unites art and activism to create positive change. Participant’s films have secured 86 Academy Award® nominations, including All the Beauty and the Bloodshed, a 2023 nominee for Best Documentary Feature, and 21 wins, including Best Picture for Spotlight and Green Book; Best Documentary Feature for An Inconvenient Truth, CITIZENFOUR, The Cove and American Factory; and Best Foreign Language Film for Roma and A Fantastic Woman. Participant also has earned 62 Emmy® Award nominations and 18 wins, including two wins for the groundbreaking When They See Us. A pioneer of socially conscious storytelling, Participant partners with key nonprofits and NGOs to drive real-world impact and awareness around today’s most vital issues on a global scale, and is the only major US entertainment company whose social and environmental impact has earned a B Corp Certification. Participant believes that diversity is a source of strength, that inclusion is essential to progress, and that equity is an imperative for impact. Follow Participant on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Participant became a Certified B Corporation in 2017. B Corps are a new type of company that uses the power of business to solve social and environmental problems. B Corp certification is to business what Fair Trade certification is to coffee or USDA Organic certification is to milk. © Copyright 2024 Participant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Applicant Privacy Policy and Notice Contact Get Newsletter FAQ Facebook Twitter TikTok Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Sitemap