iZooto - The #1 Audience Marketing Platform For Publishers Products Pricing Flywheel Resources Monetize with us Messaging Channels Web Push Notifications Messenger Push Notifications App Push Notifications News Hub On-Site Interactions Email Newsletter Features Segmentation Automation Personalization Reporting and Analytics API Industries News & Media Sports & Games Technology More Integrations Directory Connect with popular apps and platforms Flyby Visitors Repeat visitors Engaged Readers Loyal Readers Customers Convert flybys into repeat website visitors Push Notification Subscription Messenger Subscribers News Hub Exit Intent Email Newsletter Nudge to consume more content Welcome Notifications Show Latest News Hub Segment and Target Messenger Engagement Reach out with relevant and personalized communication News Hub Best Practices For Engagement Recover Abandoned Tab Recover Video Watch-Time Convert your loyal advocates into paying customers Mobile App Notifications Messenger: Auto Engage Convert your engaged subscribers into loyal advocates Retarget Abandoned Subscriptions Segment and Target Flyby Visitors Convert flybys into repeat website visitors Push Notification Subscription Messenger Subscribers News Hub Exit Intent Email Newsletter Repeat visitors Nudge to consume more content Welcome Notifications Show Latest News Hub Segment and Target Messenger Engagement Engaged Readers Reach out with relevant and personalized communication News Hub Best Practices For Engagement Recover Abandoned Tab Recover Video Watch-Time Loyal Readers Convert your loyal advocates into paying customers Mobile App Notifications Messenger: Auto Engage Customers Convert your engaged subscribers into loyal advocates Retarget Abandoned Subscriptions Segment and Target Blog Success Stories Webinars Podcasts Testimonials Products Web Push Notifications App Push Notifications Messenger Push Notifications Resources Case Studies Webinars Podcasts Blog FAQs Pricing Log In Power Up Your Newsroom Marketing with iZooto Engage your users anywhere, across devices with iZooto's owned audience marketing platform. Powering newsrooms globally. No credit card required A Flywheel Funnel Approach For Publishers to Retain Their Audience The Funnel Approach doesn't work in world of Digital Media. Each type of reader needs a different engagement and monetization approach. iZooto's Audience Flywheel approach puts reader experience at the forefront, giving editors the tools to drive engagement and build a loyal audience. One Stop Solution To Put The Audience Flywheel In Motion Assisting you in every stage of the audience flywheel Web Push Notifications iZooto converts your fly by visitors - from all channels - Google News, Facebook, Discover, into push notification subscribers and engage audience using web push notifications. Reach and engage users across all OS and devices using web push notifications. Value and benefits Convert your visitors into subscribers Grow pageviews and revenue by up to 15% Plug RSS and put content distribution on autopilot Messenger Push Notifications iZooto helps you bypass the Facebook feed and communicate directly with your Facebook followers. Convert your Facebook followers into subscribers and engage right inside their Messenger inbox. Value and benefits Drive CTRs upto 15% Build your audience data with powerful workflows Plug your RSS Feed and Automate Engagement App Push Notifications Engage your loyal mobile users with personalized notifications and bring them back to your app. Break news, score updates and more with Mobile app notifications. Value and benefits Lightening fast delivery to be the first one to break news News Templates to help you stand out Power Delivery for 30% better reach across Android OEMs News Hub A robust notification center that helps users find stories curated by editors and more. Help users set interests, preferences and increase content discovery and engagement. Value and benefits Drives visibility and engagement to your most popular stories Editorial corner for users to discover targeted stories Powerful way of monetizing audience with native and display ads On-Site Interactions Publishers spend a lot of time and resources to feature in Google News, Google Discover and even Facebook. Unfortunately, most are fly-by visitors. The pageview contribution is abysmal. Not Anymore. Value and benefits Convert flyby visitors into engaged readers. Drive Content discovery Get more than one page view per session Email Newsletter Convert repeat visitors in to engaged users with email newsletters. Get access to multiple templates, and even integrate it with your exiting provider. Drive more website sessions and unlock revenue potential. Value and benefits One tap Google optin Set on auto pilot and engage users Monetize with personalized branded ads 250 Billion Notifications Sent Every Month By Over 15K Publishers Tempo Streamlines Their Engagement Strategy & Gets 2X The Page Views With RSS Automation Tempo a pioneer of news portals in Indonesia has been using iZooto since 2019. They were on the lookout for a solution they engage the audience without them intervening. Something simple, easy, & automated. iZooto's RSS Automation enables them to distribute the latest articles without any manual intervention, letting them to do what they do best- cover interesting stories. iZooto Is The Only Marketing Automation Platform, Built Exclusively For Publishers Built For Everyone But Not Specifically Anyone Generic push notification platforms sell to all categories but not specifically to publishers. Inevitable that they don't build or design for publishers. They just "sell" to publishers. Publishers are forced to buy Enterprise plans to use select features Not built to support the scale and speed at which media businesses operate No alignment with publishers - Neither Audience Engagement nor Monetization VS Platform Built For Publishers iZooto is designed and built for editors and audience managers. The objective is simple - reduce publishers' dependency on Facebook and Google. Features built for editors and audience managers to help them drive audience loyalty Publishers rely on iZooto's lightning-fast notification delivery to break news Flexible Pricing helps Publishers do both engagements as well as audience Monetization. "iZooto's Exit Intent Recommendations is easy to install and customize, and encourages our site’s visitors to read more of our content. I would highly recommend this to publishers looking to improve their website engagement and revenue" The iZooto Advantage Quick integrations Setup iZooto in a jiffy with our ready integrations. Many of our products have zero developer intervention making it easy and smooth to get started. Value for Time & Money There is a reason when we are priced slightly higher than others. Our artillery is packed with features, so you spend less time in doing & more in reaping benefits. Audience Monetization Boost revenue by not only running native ads on our products, but also with reader revenue. iZooto makes it possible for you to earn incremental revenue from day one. How Smart Parenting Built A Loyal User Base With Messenger Push Notifications Smart Parenting, part of the Summit media group, is a popular website for millennial parents. While the website sessions were really good, they wanted to build a loyal audience base. iZooto helped Smart Parenting step up its marketing game by retaining readers and building loyal ardent fans. Here are few interesting results they saw- 8X times returning users as compared to organic traffic 2M+ page views generated from iZooto in just 4 months 9.7% of traffic is generated through iZooto, helping drive 15% of pageviews Already Using Push Notifications? Switch to iZooto Migration to iZooto is easy, straightforward and fast. Our dedicated onboarding team ensures that you don't lose your audience and can kickstart your campaigns on iZooto real quick. Join The List! Subscribe to join our list of 10,000+ marketers and receive high-quality articles on topics of your interest in your inbox every fortnight POPULAR RESOURCES AND FEATURES Audience Development Steller Subscription Experience Audience Engagement Guide Content Engagement Website Engagement Tools Web Push Notifications Guide Messenger Push Notifications Guide App Push Notifications Guide Audience Engagement Push Notification Marketing Push Notifications Examples Best Time To Send Push Notifications Understanding Your Audeince Engaging Your Audience Audience Monetization Push Notifications Advertising Guide Overcoming Monetization Challenges Checklist For Push Monetization Monetization Strategies Dynamic Paywall Best Paywall Solutions Popular Features Exit-Intent Recommendations Show Latest Magic Notifications Automation Segmentation Personalization RSS Automation Playbooks Product Web Push Notifications Messenger Push Notifcations App Push Notifications Email Newsletter On-Site Interactions News Hub What's New Help Doc FAQ Compare iZooto vs OneSignal iZooto vs Feedify iZooto vs Push Engage iZooto vs SendPulse iZooto vs Aimtell iZooto vs Pushnami iZooto vs Pushly Switch To iZooto Learn Blog Webinars Success Stories Use Cases Podcast Our Podcasts Available on About Us Company Careers Partners Contact Us © 2023 Copyright iZooto. All rights reserved. Copyright Terms GDPR Privacy Policy