The Inertia: The Voice of Surf and Outdoors Toggle navigation Surf Mountain Gear Features Environment Health WATCH Inspire Courses Opinion Travel Contributors evolve Podcasts Shop Gear The Best Winter Jackets of 2024 Friday March 1, 2024 We got our hands on the best winter jackets of 2024 to give them a run for their money, and give you our thoughts. Here they are. Steve Andrews Staff Surf Jesse Mendes Talks Early Retirement and the Art of Surf Commentating Friday March 1, 2024 If you’ve watched the Championship Tour this year, you’ve heard the voice of 31-year-old pro surfer Jesse Mendes. He talks retirement and commentating with us. Evan Quarnstrom Community Mountain Natural Selection Duels Are Live and the Revelstoke List of Riders Is Locked In Wednesday February 28, 2024 The Natural Selection Duels just went live. Six battles, spread across an international sampling of tasty freeride zones means the lineup for Revelstoke is set. Mikey Nixon Community Partner Feature Pro Surfer Evan Geiselman Doesn’t Want You to Make the 5 Travel Mistakes He Did Tuesday February 27, 2024 As a pro surfer, Free Fly ambassador Evan Geiselman has picked up a lot of travel lessons — some of which he’s learned the hard way. Sam Morse Staff Features Surfing’s Top 10 Rides of All Time Thursday February 29, 2024 Whether you agree with it or not, everybody loves a Top 10 list. Sam George brings us a series of surfing's top 10 moments. First up? Best rides. Sam George Featured Features Lucas Chianca Talks About His Biggest Nazaré Wave Ever (One That Might be 100-Feet Tall) Wednesday February 28, 2024 Lucas Chianca rode a wave at Nazaré that may have eclipsed the current record of 86 feet. We spoke with him about possibly riding a 100-foot wave. Ben Mondy Community Environment New Report Says Plastic Industry Has Been Fooling Us About Recycling for Decades Tuesday February 27, 2024 A report says recycling has never been a viable solution to manage plastic waste. And a public opinion campaign to the contrary has been underway for decades. Evan Quarnstrom Community Features CBD and Surfing Are In Business Together; But Does the Stuff Actually Work? Friday February 23, 2024 It makes sense that surfers are partnering with CBD brands. Pro athletes need holistic remedies to avoid pain meds and pharmaceuticals. But does CBD work? Brian Sousa Community Opinion Sunset Is One of My Favorite Surf Comps to Watch, But It Shouldn’t Be On the CT Schedule Thursday February 22, 2024 If the past few years are any indication of a trend at Sunset Beach, it's all adding up to goofy footers getting their asses handed to them in the rankings. Juan Hernandez Staff Features 7 World-Class Skateparks Near World-Class Waves Wednesday February 21, 2024 Surfing and skating go hand-in-hand. If you want to surf quality waves and skate world-class parks, here are the best options on the planet. Ben Mondy Community Recent News Features Reflecting on My Move As a Surfer From the East to West Coast Through Music Brian Sousa Community Surf Gabriel Medina Surfing In the Olympics Is a Win-Win for Everyone Evan Quarnstrom Community News Yosemite Partially Reopens After Heavy Winter Storm Juan Hernandez Staff Surf Here’s How Pedro Levi Is Chasing a Bodyboard World Record at Nazaré Alexander Haro Staff Surf Kelly Slater Joins Jamie O’Brien for a Pipeline Backwash Session Cooper Gegan Staff Environment A Solitary Orca Killed a Great White Shark and Ate Its Liver in Under 2 Minutes Alexander Haro Staff News Sally Fitzgibbons Just Won an Olympic Qualifer, so Why Didn’t She Get a Ticket to Teahupo’o? Cooper Gegan Staff Mountain California Ski Resorts Get Buried by Largest Snowstorm of the Season Joe Carberry Staff Surf ESPN Ranked 60 Sports to Find the Most Demanding and Difficult; Where Does Surfing Sit? Juan Hernandez Staff More Stories Newsletter Only the best. We promise. Contribute Join our community of contributors. Apply Let's totally go everywhere together. Watch Snowboarder Randal Seaton Gives Us a Mt. Bachelor Tour During a Record Storm Cycle Randal Seaton, reminding us why Mt. Bachelor is so incredible during a storm cycle. Snowboarder Randal Seaton Gives Us a Mt. Bachelor Tour During a Record Storm CycleJackson Hole Resort Cancels Kings and Queens of Corbet'sEngwe L20The Nidecker Supermatic Snowboard BindingInertia Yulex Hr 16-9Humpback Whale Freed From Crab PotSurfing Returns to UkraineSurfing Is Back in UkraineBig Hideaways Nokandui Sept 2023Foil Surfing at Skookumchuck Tidal RapidThe Inertia's Sixth Annual EVOLVE Was One Incredible NightSurf and Serve: A Baja Adventure with the Hobgood BrothersA Morning Surf In Oceanside - Dry Off w/ Izzi GomezLeah Dawson's Guide to Alternative Surf CraftNASA Releases Eye-Opening Sea Level Rise Animation Editor's Picks Features John John Florence on Why the WSL Finals Should Be at Pipeline and How Long He’ll Compete Wednesday November 15, 2023 John John Florence told us he'd love to see the WSL Finals at a wave like Pipeline. He spoke with us about the WSL, retirement, and a number of other nuggets. Joe Carberry Staff Features Explaining Surfers’ Dialect and Why They Sound Perpetually Stoned Wednesday November 8, 2023 The language of surfers is certainly unique to the lifestyle. It's not always easy to understand. We examine the dialect and why it sounds the way it does. Brian Sousa Community Features In the Midst of War, the Fate of Gaza’s Surfers Remains Mostly Unknown Thursday November 30, 2023 Hamas's terrorist attack led to the siege and subsequent invasion of Gaza. Amidst the chaos, little is known about the fate of the region's surfers. Evan Quarnstrom Community Features A Look at Europe’s 5 Most Localized Waves Friday September 22, 2023 We can debate the merits of localism, but it remains an undeniable part of surfing culture. At these five European waves, it is more entrenched than most. Ben Mondy Community Surf Glen Walsh Makes Venice Surf Reports That Champion Localism Without Walls Wednesday December 6, 2023 Glen Walsh, or Glenice_Venice, as he’s known on Instagram, has been creating his own unique brand of hyper-local surf reports for the Venice Beach pier. Cooper Gegan Staff Features Remembering Dire Straits Guitarist Jack Sonni, AKA ‘The Other Surfer’ Tuesday October 31, 2023 Jack Sonni played with Dire Straits in front of a billion people. In 1986, he surfed one of Mexico's heaviest waves. The author remembers "the other surfer." Sam George Featured Podcasts Duke Aipa Talks About Growing Up in a Legendary Family and Finding His Own Way as a Shaper Wednesday June 14, 2023 Duke Aipa comes from a legendary family. But he's creating his own legacy. We spoke with Duke about being Ben's son, his own journey, and his shaping style. Joe Carberry Staff Features 7 Reasons You Should Quit Surfing Immediately Friday June 23, 2023 Time to quit surfing and grow up, grom. Here are seven reasons why you should Craigslist your quiver, get a straight job, take up golfing, and finally mow the goddamn lawn. Brian Sousa Community Features Kelly Slater Talks About Retiring Next Year, Weighs In on the Surf Ranch Controversy Thursday June 1, 2023 We talked with Kelly Slater about his new footwear line, KLLY. He also talked with us about retiring next year and weighed in on the Surf Ranch Pro controversy. Joe Carberry Staff Surf Josh Brolin On How Surfing Changed His Life and His New Big Wave Surf Film Thursday February 2, 2023 Josh Brolin is a bonafide a-list actor. We caught up with him to talk about narrating "Ground Swell: The Other Side of Fear" a film about big wave surfing. Alexander Haro Staff Featured Contributors Kelly Slater Gerry Lopez Shaun Tomson Rob Machado Greg Long Chad Nelsen Keala Kennelly Rochelle Ballard Laird Hamilton Mark Healey Kassia Meador Lakey Peterson Matt Warshaw Zach Weisberg Tetsuhiko Endo Evan Slater Anthony Ghiglia Fred Pawle Tom Curren Coco Ho Adrian Buchan Brian Nevins Evan Geiselman Shea Lopez Dave Rastovich Matt Meola Brett Simpson Clark Little Ian Walsh Ben Marcus Gary Linden Cyrus Sutton Jaimal Yogis Rusty Long Layne Beachley Joe Carberry Garrett McNamara Joe Curren Cory Lopez Makua Rothman Alexander Haro Leah Dawson Jeremy Jones Barrett Christy Bianca Buitendag Michelle Parker Dean Blotto Gray Taylor Godber Founded in 2010, The Inertia is the definitive voice of surf and outdoors. We approach the natural world and its devoted culture with curiosity, optimism, and respect. We take pride in bringing our passion for the oceans and mountains to life through original films, reporting, and monumental gatherings. We aim to make a positive impact on our planet through partnerships with nonprofits working hard to preserve earth’s sacred places. About Advertise Terms of Use Contact Get Involved Privacy Policy ×