IIOT Platform, Industrial Internet of Things, Web HMI, SCADA IOT, M2M IIOT Software Platform, Industrial Internet of Things - Open Automation Software Skip to content Open Automation Software Open Automation Software 1-303-679-0898 Download Support Knowledge Base Security Videos How To … Request a Product Demo Request a Price Quotation Request a Product Feature Chat with Support Contact Us About OAS What is OAS? Why Us? Industries OEMs & Integrators Use Cases News & Articles Products Universal Data ConnectorThe core of the OAS Platform, enabling data connectivity, server-to-server networking, and more Data HistorianLog data in open format to MS SQL Server, Oracle, mySQL, PostgreSQL, InfluxDB, MongoDB, SQLite, MariaDB, Access, SQL Azure, Amazon Aurora, Amazon RDS, Amazon Redshift, Google Firebase, and CSV files Alarm Logging & NotificationLog events to open databases, and send notifications via SMS, email, and voicemail Device & Data ConnectorsRead and write data to Allen Bradley, Siemens, and Modbus devices, Universal Drivers, OPC, OPC UA, databases, Excel, and read MTConnect. IoT ConnectorsConnect to cloud-base IoT gateways such as AWS, Azure IoT Hub, Azure Event Hubs, Kafka, MQTT, and Sparkplug B Visualization ToolsBuild custom Visualizations, User Interfaces, HMIs and Dashboards for Windows, web, as well as native iOS and Android devices SDKs & APIsDevelop custom automation apps for Windows, web, and mobile devices. Integrate with .NET and REST APIs. Build custom integrated device drivers. Networking FeaturesProvides the most robust, scalable, and reliable distributed networking platform for IIoT solutions PricingLearn more about product pricing and request a quote based on your requirements Scroll down to content Liberate your data The OAS Universal Data Connector gives you unparalleled access to your industrial operations and enterprise data for connectivity, monitoring, analytics, and delivery. Connect directly to PLCs, OPC servers, files, databases, and IoT platforms to create world-class SCADA systems or industrial automation solutions. Unparalleled connectivity between PLCs, Devices, Databases, and Custom Apps The OAS Platform offers data transport from any data source to any destination, while enabling data logging, data transformations, alarms and notifications, and cross-platform integration using SDKs for Windows, Linux, and Web applications. OAS is truly an unlimited IoT Gateway for industrial automation. PLC and Device Connectors >> Direct, native connection to Allen Bradley and Siemens PLCs, OPC DA, OPC UA, Modbus and other devices. Data Historian >> High-speed data logging and import using open format database engines and CSV files IoT Connectors >> Connect and move data between cloud-based IoT services such as AWS, Azure, and MQTT brokers and clients Alarm Logging and Notification >> Log system events to open database engines, and trigger notifications via email, SMS, and voice Visualization Tools >> SDKs and tools to visualize real time and historical data, Trends and Alarms, and build HMIs for Windows (Winforms and WPF) as well as Web clients on any device Automation SDKs and APIs >> Unlimited integration with external sources using tools for .NET (Full Framework, Standard, and Core) as well as Web and REST API clients. Read and write data in real time with high speed PLC and device protocol connectors. Allen Bradley PLCs supported: ControlLogix, CompactLogix, GuardLogix, and Micro800 Classic PLCs such as MicroLogix, SLC 500, and PLC-5 Siemens PLCs supported: S7-200, S7-300, S7-400, S7-1200, and S7-1500 Modbus support: Modbus TCP, Modbus RTU, and Modbus ASCII for Master and Slave communications Other supported devices and protocols: OPTO-22, MTConnect, and OPC UA, OPC DA Additionally, the OAS Platform can act as an OPC server for any OPC client. High-speed data logging to open database engines including: MSSQL Server and SQL Azure Oracle, mySQL, MongoDB, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, SQLite, InfluxDB, Amazon Aurora, Amazon RDS, Amazon Redshift, Google Firebase, MS Access (Windows only), CSV Files Databases can also be used as a source of inbound data using the Recipe Feature from any supported database engine Move data to and from popular cloud-based IoT services for adding real time data to your IoT analytics pipeline. Supported IoT services include: AWS IoT Gateway Azure IoT Data Hub Additionally, using the MQTT Connector you can: Send data updates to any MQTT broker as an MQTT Client, or publish updates to any client using the OAS MQTT Broker. Log historical Alarm data to any supported data destination available for data logging such as open database engines including MSSQL, Oracle, mySQL, MariaDB, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite, and CSV files. Receive Alarm Notifications via: Email, SMS, Voice based on highly configurable parameters on each data point. Visualization of live and historical data, as well as live and historical Trends and Alarms in WinForms and WPF applications, and deliver visualization in any web browser and any web platform. OAS provides SDKs and tools for web, mobile, and desktop application development using data from any OAS server. Additionally, the OAS REST API can be used on any platform for programmatic data access and server configuration. Learn more about the benefits of an open platform for visualization. The OAS Platform also ships with a built-in Web HMI Dashboard for rapid no-code visualization in any web browser on any device. .NET Data Connector A set of .NET Core assemblies, allowing for custom application and integration projects for both reading and writing data, as well as full programmatic configuration of OAS installations.OAS REST API The REST API can be used with any programming language on any platform for data access and OAS server configuration.Universal Driver Interface (UDI) An SDK which allows you to build custom integrated drivers for proprietary or non-standard protocols or integration with external services. Integrations using the UDI can then be configured in the OAS Configuration application just like all native built-in drivers. Infinitely Flexible Secure Networking Built upon a Distributed Network Architecture that enables advanced Edge Computing, reliability, and performance for IIoT, the OAS Platform can be deployed in infinite configurations to meet your needs. Interconnect OAS servers for load balancing, failover, data aggregation from remote clients, and more. Basic Networking Network clients, either over LAN, WAN, or Internet can communicate directly with an OAS Platform server. Live Data Cloud Move data between OAS Platform servers, aggregate data, and secure source data over dynamic IP addresses Learn more about OAS Platform Networking Features >> Download and start a free, unlimited trial, or schedule a live, interactive demo Download OAS Platform Request a Demo Thousands of customers worldwide trust OAS, including News & Articles Introducing the OAS Open UIEngine February 15, 2024 A whole new way of building and deploying HMIs, user interfaces, and full web applications using a no-code in-browser IDE.... continue reading... IIoT Sparkplug B February 3, 2024 Open Automation Software\'s latest update now includes a new interface for Sparkplug B Edge of Network Nodes and Host Applications.... continue reading... The impact of the IIoT on the manufacturing industry January 1, 2023 Introduction: The Internet of Things (IoT) has been revolutionizing various industries over the last few years, and manufacturing is no... continue reading... See all posts... Open Automation Software 355 S. Teller St, Suite 200 Lakewood, CO 80226 1-303-679-0898 Home Products Universal Data Connector HMI SCADA for .NET HMI SCADA for Web Data Automation Communication Drivers Data Historian Alarm Logging & Notification Device & Data Connectors IoT Connectors Developer Tools & APIs Networking Features Pricing About OAS Use Cases News & Articles Support Knowledge Base Videos Downloads Contact Us Request a Product Demo Request a Price Quotation