Diabetes Research, Education, Advocacy | ADA Skip to Main content Diabetes Food Hub For Professionals Online Store Account Search Donate Open main menu About Diabetes About Diabetes Warning Signs and Symptoms Prediabetes Diabetes Prevention Type 1 Type 2 Gestational Diabetes bold Understanding A1C Diabetes Complications Devices & Technology Vaccinations Common Terms Diabetes Statistics More About Diabetes Take Our Type 2 Risk Test Learn your risk for type 2 and take steps to prevent it Know Your Facts Learn the ins and outs of diabetes and steps for better care Obesity Treatment Access bold Life with Diabetes Life with Diabetes Newly Diagnosed Living with Type 1 Living with Type 2 Treatment & Care Diabetes Dialogues bold Financial Impact Traveling Getting Sick Diabetes at School Learn what you can do to keep your child with diabetes safe at school Pregnancy What you need to know about gestational diabetes Sick Days Make a plan to be prepared when illness strikes bold Health & Wellness Health & Wellness Fitness Weight Management Medications Substance Use bold Diabetes & Your Health Eye Health Foot Health Heart Health Kidney Health Mental Health Oral Health Sexual Health bold BMI Calculator Healthy Living eNewsletter Sign up to receive timely information on topics to help you and your family live a healthy life Better Choices for Life Bringing ADA's evidence-based guidelines and perspective directly to you in the store so you can make informed choices. bold Food & Nutrition Food & Nutrition Healthy Eating Tips Reading Food Labels Food Insecurity & Diabetes Live Cooking Classes Recipes from Diabetes Food Hub® bold Diabetes & Food Food & Blood Glucose Food & Carbs Meal Planning Vitamins & Supplements bold Diabetes Food Hub® Get Smart on Carbs Live Cooking Classes bold Tools & Resources Tools & Resources For Caregivers Find a Diabetes Education Program Driver's License Information Tests & Calculators Consumer Guide Shop Diabetes Crisis Resources For Professionals bold Managing Health Care Costs Insulin Cost and Affordability Health Insurance Aid Get Connected Attend Events Find a Camp Find Your Local Chapter bold bold Type 2 Diabetes Risk Test Take the 60-second test to find out your risk Recursos en Español Program & Services Directory Find help and resources in your zip code bold Ways to Contribute Ways to Contribute Volunteer Fundraise Become a Supplier Learn About Clinical Trials bold Ways to Give Monthly Giving In-Honor Gift Memorial Gift Donations by Mail/Phone Workplace Giving Vehicle Donation Planned Giving IRA/Retirement Giving Society Matching Gifts bold Programs and Initiatives Health Equity Focus on Diabetes® Project Power Know Diabetes by Heart™ bold Give Today Choose between a one-time donation or recurring monthly gifts. Find Your Local Chapter Reach out and get involved in programs and events near you. Donate Stock Improve the lives of people with diabetes plus receive an end-of-the-year tax break. bold Advocacy Advocacy Raise Your Voice: Engagement Platform Federal Advocacy State Advocacy Grassroots Advocacy Become an Advocate Know Your Rights Employment Discrimination Safe at School® Resources for Lawyers bold bold Advocacy Initiatives Amputation Prevention Alliance Continuous Glucose Monitors (CGMs) Obesity bold Become an Advocate Commitment to Health Equity bold Diabetes Food Hub For Professionals Online Store Account Search main content start Your Support Goes Twice as Far! Thanks to our friends at the Amaranth Diabetes Foundation, your donation will be matched up to a campaign total of $300,000 to maximize your impact to support research in the quest for a cure. Double My Donation Image ` Image Diabetes Prevention Image Prediabetes Image Newly Diagnosed Image Type 1 Diabetes Image Type 2 Diabetes Image Life with Diabetes Image Diabetes Complications WAYS TO CONTRIBUTE Stand with Us in the Fight It’s time to rally against the diabetes epidemic. The ADA is leading the charge through research, education, and advocacy. Join us to uplift your loved ones living with diabetes and help all those in need across America. What's Happening? Stay on top of what's new at the American Diabetes Association, diabetes-related updates, healthy living resources, and more! Research 2023 Research Highlights Released Explore ADA's 2023 Research Report—highlighting strides in diabetes understanding, treatment, prevention, & cure. Read Now About Us Annual Report 2022 Powered By Purpose. Making a Difference. Read More ADA Official Statement ADA Presses Congress to Act on Rebate Reform The ADA sent a letter to congressional leadership urging action on legislation to increase transparency in prescription drug rebates... Read More Take Action Access to Obesity Treatment More than 50 percent of new cases of diabetes every year are linked to obesity. Learn More Project Power Thrive with Type 2 Diabetes A no-cost lifestyle change program that empowers adults and children to reduce their risk or manage and thrive with type 2 diabetes. Read more Podcasts Diabetes Day by Day A podcast for people with diabetes and their caregivers, listen in for practical advice on overcoming everyday challenges of living with diabetes. Listen to Diabetes Day by Day Meal Planning Control Your Meals Get tools to help with diabetes and kidney-friendly meal planning. Shop Now Diabetes By-the-Numbers The numbers are staggering. diabetes isn't just a disease—it's an epidemic, affecting over 38 million Americans with devastating consequences. 1.2M Americans are diagnosed each year 11.6% of Americans had diabetes in 2023 97.6M American adults are living with prediabetes But there's hope. Join us as we continue the fight against diabetes and work to find a cure. Become a Diabetes Advocate Share Your Story Meet Kaila Gain insight from Kaila’s personal experiences as a collegiate athlete living with type 1 diabetes. Read Her Story Meet Kaila Gain insight from Kaila’s personal experiences as a collegiate athlete living with type 1 diabetes. Read Her Story Are you at risk? Learning your risk is the first step in taking action against type 2 diabetes. Take our 60-Second Type 2 Diabetes Risk Test today to receive actionable next steps in your health journey. Take the Test Learn About Prediabetes Life with Diabetes Whether you're newly diagnosed, have been living with type 1 for years, or are helping out a loved one, the path to understanding diabetes starts here. Newly DiagnosedLiving with Type 1Living with Type 2 Learn More Health & Wellness Find the tools, tips, and insights you need to take action and live life to the fullest—from understanding your prescriptions to starting a new exercise regimen. FitnessWeight ManagementDiabetes and Your HealthMedicationBetter Choices for Life Program Learn More Food & Nutrition Eating right is a powerful tool in the management of your diabetes. But it doesn't have to be boring—it's all about finding a delicious balance. Healthy Eating TipsDiabetes & FoodRecipes from Diabetes Food Hub® Learn More Tools & Resources When it comes to diabetes, you don't have to do this alone. Learn your rights and get help with the resources and assistance programs you need to navigate a diagnosis. Diabetes Education Programs For CaregiversProgram & Services Directory Tests & CalculatorsManaging Health Care Costs Learn More Calendar of Events Upcoming events Event type All Ask the Experts Gala State Of Diabetes Step Out Tour de Cure Ask the Experts: Type 2 and Kidney Health: What's the Link? Tuesday, March 12, 2024 02:00 PM - 03:00 PM Virtual Register 2024 Tour de Cure: Arizona56 Sunday, March 17, 2024 06:00 AM - 04:00 PM 1933 S Ballpark Way, Goodyear, AZ Register 2024 Los Angeles Political Roast Thursday, March 21, 2024 05:30 PM - 10:00 PM Beverly Hills, CA Register View all events Get Involved Over 133 million Americans are living with diabetes or prediabetes. Take action and fight back today. Ways to Contribute Help Defeat Diabetes Make a difference your way through a variety of options, such as fundraising, donations, or corporate giving. Learn More Advocacy We Are Here for You We’re fighting for your right to affordable medication, better health care, workers’ rights, and so much more. Join the Fight Donate Today We're dedicated to advancing diabetes research funding to help bring effective new treatements, and, eventually, a cure. Join our fight. Donate American Diabetes Association 2451 Crystal Drive, Suite 900Arlington, VA 22202 For donations by mail: P.O. Box 7023 Merrifield, VA 22116-7023 Call, Email, Chat: Center for InformationMonday–Friday9 am–5:30 pm ET askada@diabetes.org 1-800-DIABETES (800-342-2383) About Us Who We Are Annual Reports Board of Directors Executive Team Commitment to Health Equity Supporting Partners Research Careers Newsroom Ways to Contribute Volunteer Fundraise Ways to Give Find Your Local Chapter Find a Camp Learn About Clinical Trials Programs and Initiatives More ADA Sites DiabetesFoodHub.org ShopDiabetes.org Professional.Diabetes.org ConsumerGuide.Diabetes.org Categories About Diabetes Life with Diabetes Health & Wellness Food & Nutrition Tools & Resources Advocacy Image Image Image Policies Privacy Policy How to Reference Our Site Diversity & Inclusion Mailing List Removal Terms of Use Copyright 1995–2024. American Diabetes Association®. All rights reserved.