Home page | BMC Bioinformatics Skip to main content Advertisement Search Explore journals Get published About BMC My account Search all BMC articles Search BMC Bioinformatics Home About Articles Submission Guidelines Collections join the board Search Submit manuscript Collections open to submissions Prediction and modelling of RNA structure and interactionsGuest edited by Anže Božič, Letizia Chiodo and Luca TeseiArtificial intelligence for drug designGuest edited by Xing Chen and Yifeng LiBig data management in biological domainsGuest edited by Anna Bernasconi, Umberto Ferraro Petrillo and Simona E. Rombo Click here for all journal collections Editor's Picks SNVstory: inferring genetic ancestry from genome sequencing dataSimcryocluster: a semantic similarity clustering method of cryo-EM images by adopting contrastive learning Articles Recent Most accessed tRigon: an R package and Shiny App for integrative (path-)omics data analysis Authors: David L. Hölscher, Michael Goedertier, Barbara M. Klinkhammer, Patrick Droste, Ivan G. Costa, Peter Boor and Roman D. Bülow Content type: Software 5 March 2024 Gbdmr: identifying differentially methylated CpG regions in the human genome via generalized beta regressions Authors: Chengzhou Wu, Xichen Mou and Hongmei Zhang Content type: Research 5 March 2024 BSXplorer: analytical framework for exploratory analysis of BS-seq data Authors: Konstantin Yuditskiy, Igor Bezdvornykh, Anastasiya Kazantseva, Alexander Kanapin and Anastasia Samsonova Content type: Software 4 March 2024 Ideal adaptive control in biological systems: an analysis of \(\mathbb {P}\)-invariance and dynamical compensation properties Authors: Akram Ashyani, Yu-Heng Wu, Huan-Wei Hsu and Torbjörn E. M. Nordling Content type: Research 4 March 2024 Holomics - a user-friendly R shiny application for multi-omics data integration and analysis Authors: Katharina Munk, Daria Ilina, Lisa Ziemba, Günter Brader and Eva M. Molin Content type: Software 4 March 2024 Most recent articles RSS View all articles QMachine: commodity supercomputing in web browsers Authors: Sean R Wilkinson and Jonas S Almeida Content type: Research article 9 June 2014 WGCNA: an R package for weighted correlation network analysis Authors: Peter Langfelder and Steve Horvath Content type: Software 29 December 2008 RSEM: accurate transcript quantification from RNA-Seq data with or without a reference genome Authors: Bo Li and Colin N Dewey Content type: Software 4 August 2011 The Related Article to this article has been published in Nature Protocols 2013 8:nprot.2013.084 Statistical analysis of real-time PCR data Authors: Joshua S Yuan, Ann Reed, Feng Chen and C Neal Stewart Jr Content type: Methodology article 22 February 2006 Primer-BLAST: A tool to design target-specific primers for polymerase chain reaction Authors: Jian Ye, George Coulouris, Irena Zaretskaya, Ioana Cutcutache, Steve Rozen and Thomas L Madden Content type: Software 18 June 2012 Most accessed articles RSS View all articles Aims and scope BMC Bioinformatics is an open access, peer-reviewed journal that considers articles describing novel computational algorithms and software, models and tools, including statistical methods, machine learning and artificial intelligence, as well as systems biology. Become an Editorial Board Member We are recruiting new Editorial Board Members. Featured blog Peer Review Week 2023: Views on the future of code peer review Spotlight On Climate Change Understanding the impact of climate change and exploring potential solutions to this global threat is more important than ever. Here we share recent highlights from the BMC Series journals. BMC Series Blog BMC Infectious Diseases Scope Expansion: Animal Models 29 February 2024 Highlights of the BMC Series – January 2024 23 February 2024 Introducing BMC Biomedical Engineering’s Collection: Point-of-care diagnostics 08 February 2024 Latest Tweets View Twitter timeline Your browser needs to have JavaScript enabled to view this timeline How was your experience today? Rating. A scale of 5 feelings conveyed using images that range from awful to great. The feelings represent how you feel about your experience today. Please select one rating An image of a cartoon face that is very unhappy. The value of this radio input is: Awful An image of a cartoon face with a frown. The value of this radio input is: Bad An image of a cartoon face with a neutral expression. The value of this radio input is: OK An image of a cartoon face with a smile. The value of this radio input is: Good An image of a cartoon face with an open mouth grin. The value of this radio input is: Great Send feedback Thank you for your feedback. Tell us why (opens in a new tab) Advertisement Submit manuscript Important informationEditorial boardFor authorsFor editorial board membersFor reviewers Manuscript editing services Contact Us Annual Journal Metrics 2022 Citation Impact 3.0 - 2-year Impact Factor 4.3 - 5-year Impact Factor 0.938 - SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper) 1.100 - SJR (SCImago Journal Rank)2022 Speed 18 days submission to first editorial decision for all manuscripts (Median) 135 days submission to accept (Median)2022 Usage 6,060,124 downloads 14,511 Altmetric mentions More about our metrics Follow Follow us on Twitter Sign up for article alerts and news from this journal Advertisement BMC Bioinformatics ISSN: 1471-2105 Contact us General enquiries: journalsubmissions@springernature.com Read more on our blogs Receive BMC newsletters Manage article alerts Language editing for authors Scientific editing for authors Policies Accessibility Press center Support and Contact Leave feedback Careers Follow BMC BMC Twitter page BMC Facebook page BMC Weibo page By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Your US state privacy rights, Privacy statement and Cookies policy. Your privacy choices/Manage cookies we use in the preference centre. © 2024 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer Nature.