E-International Relations — the world's leading open access website for students and scholars of international politics Articles Books Features Students More About us Donate Advertise Join our team Republication and referencing Weekly newsletter Submissions RSS feed Submissions Articles Books Features Students About us Submissions Donate Advertise Join our team Republication and referencing Weekly newsletter Latest Interview – Federico Merke Mar 5 2024 • Features Federico Merke reflects on developments in Latin American foreign policy, and the potential impacts of Argentina’s new Presidency, including on regional integration. E-International Relations Review – The Language of Deception Mar 5 2024 • Features Justin Hutchens explores the potential for artificial intelligence to be used for malicious ends, but focusses purely on the risks while ignoring the possible benefits. Abdul Samad Featured Thinking Global Podcast – Dimitrios Stroikos E-International Relations • Mar 4 2024 • Features Dimitrios Stroikos speaks on security in outer space, a ‘new space race’, the militarization of space, sovereignty, conflict, alongside China and India’s weapons capabilities. Opinion – Keeping Trade in Perspective in an Election Year Peter A. Coclanis • Mar 4 2024 • Articles Trade talk in American political discourse often crowds out discussions of issues of equal or greater importance to economic strength and vitality. A Well-Intentioned Curse? Securitization, Climate Governance and Its Way Forward Hannah Lentschig • Mar 4 2024 • Essays The construction of climate change as a security threat confines the issue to exclusive state politics, undermining the effectiveness and legitimacy of global climate governance. Opinion – Lula’s Foreign Policy Rafael R. Ioris • Mar 3 2024 • Articles With multiple actors competing for hegemony, a country like Brazil may be able to bargain for even greater gains within the many ongoing disputes. Interview – Massaab Al-Aloosy E-International Relations • Feb 29 2024 • Features Massaab Al-Aloosy reflects on the changing dynamics between Hezbollah, Hamas, and Israel in light of the Israel-Palestine conflict, and the implications for Lebanon. Review – Bandwagoning in International Relations Alexandre Haym • Feb 29 2024 • Features Dylan Motin explores the idea of bandwagoning with great powers in contemporary Asia and Europe, but could do with more discussion of the accompanying theories. Opinion – The Future of Monarchies in Southeast Asia Pavin Chachavalpongpun • Feb 29 2024 • Articles The key to the survival of the monarchical institution rests on the way in which it acts and reacts to the rising desire of the people for democracy. The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women’s Failures in Fiji Sarah Furman • Feb 29 2024 • Essays Fiji fails to decrease the occurrence of gender-based violence despite the ratification of the CEDAW due to several intersecting factors. E.H. Carr, Hans J. Morgenthau, and International Law Carmen Chas • Feb 27 2024 • Articles The problems Carr and Morgenthau point to affect international law profoundly, in all its facets, and cannot be easily avoided. The Origins of Regionalism in the EU and ASEAN Dominika Remžová • Feb 25 2024 • Essays Both convergence and divergence in the extra- and intra-regional security dynamics shaped the emergence/deepening of the Cold War-era EU and ASEAN. Advertise With Us Get our weekly email Submit Articles See all Putin’s Illusions and Ukraine’s Reality: Myth vs Westward Integration Opinion – Geoengineering Is Not Going to Deliver Itself Opinion – Why Is Hamas Not Conducting More Suicide Attacks? Security as Nation Branding: Sweden’s Status-Seeking Strategy Students See all Havoc to Hope: Electoral Violence in the Kenya 2022 General Election Australia, China, and the Darwin Port Lease as a Public-Private Partnership Do Human Rights Protect or Threaten Security? Queer Oppression in the Global South and the Structural Violence of Development Features See all Interview – Gabriele Abbondanza Review – The New United Nations Thinking Global Podcast – The Laid-Back Book Club (Ep.3) Review – On Nationalism Books See all Donate to E-IR Republication & Citations Get our Newsletter All content on the website (with the exception of images) is published under the following Creative Commons License Copyright © — E-International Relations. All Rights Reserved | Site by Rootsy Please Consider Donating Before you download your free e-book, please consider donating to support open access publishing. E-IR is an independent non-profit publisher run by an all volunteer team. Your donations allow us to invest in new open access titles and pay our bandwidth bills to ensure we keep our existing titles free to view. Any amount, in any currency, is appreciated. Many thanks! Donations are voluntary and not required to download the e-book - your link to download is below. Download PDF Subscribe Get our weekly email Submit