Empower Students to Do Their Best, Original Work | Turnitin campaign Turnitin launches iThenticate 2.0 to help maintain integrity of high stakes content with AI writing detection Learn more cancel Why Turnitin close Why Turnitin? About Us Diverse and passionate people dedicated to serving the global education community since 1998, through technology that promotes honesty, consistency and fairness Customer Stories Educators around the world are using Turnitin to bring equity, integrity, and meaning to every learner’s journey. Careers Explore job openings and join one of our talented Turnitin teams. Seen@Turnitin Diversity, equity, and inclusion are foundational to how we operate as a business and global citizens. Social Impact Our Social Impact strategy guides how we partner with educational communities around the globe to increase access and equity in educational and vocational systems. Leadership Meet the Turnitin leadership team. Customer Story University of Leeds widely adopts Gradescope for online assessment With campuswide digital transformation in mind, rollout to thousands of faculty across disciplines took only two months, far quicker than anticipated. Read more Products close Products Feedback Studio Foster writing excellence with Feedback Studio, a comprehensive tool that upholds academic integrity and facilitates meaningful feedback. Originality Address originality of student work and emerging trends in academic misconduct with Turnitin Originality, the new standard in academic integrity. Gradescope Transform grading into learning from anywhere with Gradescope's modern assessment platform, efficient grading workflows, and actionable student data. ExamSoft ExamSoft is the leading provider of assessment software for on-campus and remote programs. Similarity Uphold academic integrity with Turnitin Similarity, the robust plagiarism checker that fits seamlessly into existing workflows. iThenticate Check for plagiarism and prepare your manuscript for high-stakes publication with iThenticate, gold standard for academic researchers and publishers. Solutions Secondary Education Academic integrity and assessment solutions for today’s schools Higher Education Academic integrity and assessment solutions for today’s universities Research & Publication Publish with confidence and protect your reputation using the tool top academic researchers and publishers trust to ensure the originality of scholarly works. Featured Topics AI Writing Detection Academic Integrity Assessment Design Research Integrity Quality Feedback Features AI writing detection Identify when AI writing tools such as ChatGPT have been used in students’ submissions. Learn more Resources close Resources Blog Discover education best practices and academic integrity thought leadership from around the world. Webinars On-demand training and hands-on learning. Live events Real-time events happening virtually and in person. Case Studies Deep dives into Turnitin solutions that bring insights to educators, administrators, and researchers. eBooks Comprehensive resources and subject-matter expertise on education, technology, and more. Infographics Thorough analysis, emerging data, and educational trends to keep you updated. Lesson plans Roadmaps for student learning and comprehension across subject areas. Papers In-depth investigations into the pressing issues of education and technology today. Quickmarks Helpful comments to aid in providing formative and summative feedback more efficiently. Rubrics Rubrics can be used to evaluate student work based on defined criteria and scales. Videos Tutorials and training for every aspect of the education system. Whitepapers Thought leadership and expert analysis covering the issues that matter most. Instructional Resources View Instructional Resources Resource packs Academic integrity in the age of AI Subjects Workshops Turnitin workshops can help users to understand how to use our products to achieve educational goals. Read more Partners close Partners Content partners Become a Turnitin Content Partner to protect your published content with the world’s most trusted plagiarism checker. Technical integration partners Expand the functionality of your solution by integrating with Turnitin-powered similarity checking, writing feedback, and grading tools. Commercial partners Become a Turnitin Commercial Partner and choose from a variety of flexible business models that deliver value to your Customers. Partner Directory Discover how Turnitin works with Partners to enhance education and research Media Center close Media Center Media Kit Learn more about Turnitin in the Turnitin media kit. Press releases The latest Turnitin press releases and announcements. In the news The latest Turnitin news, articles and broadcasts. Awards Turnitin awards and honors. Conferences Turnitin events and conferences search search Search cancel language Choose your region Selecting a different region will redirect you to the appropriate Turnitin site. Americas United States (English) America Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) México (Español) Europe & Middle East Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Middle East ( عربي) Nederland (Nederlands) Portugal (Português) Türkiye (Türk) United Kingdom (English) Asia Pacific Australia (English) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) New Zealand (English) Philippines (English) 中国（简体中文) 台灣（繁體中文） Support Contact Sales Log In menu Empower students to do their best,original work Safeguard academic integrity with an AI writing detection solution built for educatorsOur advanced AI writing detection technology is highly reliable and proficient in distinguishing between AI- and human-written text and is specialized for student writing. What’s more, it’s integrated into your workflow for a seamless experience. Learn more Student success starts here Uphold academic integrityEnsure original work from students and address even the most sophisticated potential misconduct. Innovative assessments. Strategic insights.Flexible solutions giving educators the freedom to design and deliver student assessments their way – with integrity and confidence. Foster original thinkingHelp develop students’ original thinking skills with high-quality, actionable feedback that fits easily into teachers’ existing workflows. Customer stories University of Leeds widely adopts Gradescope for online assessmentWith campuswide digital transformation in mind, rollout to thousands of faculty across disciplines took only two months, far quicker than anticipated. Watch their story University of Maryland Global Campus builds a culture of academic integrity by pairing policy with technologyKeeping student and instructor needs at the core is key to upholding their rigorous standards of integrity while centering students in their learning. Watch their story Solutions made just for you See solutions for Higher Education Prepare students for success with tools designed to uphold academic integrity and advance assessment. See solutions for Secondary Education Help students develop original thinking skills with tools that improve their writing and check for similarities to existing works. See solutions for Research and Publication The rigorous academic research and publishing process gets a trusted tool to ensure the originality of scholarly work. Keep integrity at the core of every assessment. Everything you need no matter how or where you assess student work. Feedback Studio Give feedback and grade essays and long-form writing assignments with the tool that fosters writing excellence and academic integrity. Learn more Originality Check for existing as well as new forms of plagiarism - from text similarity and synonym swapping to contract cheating, AI writing, and AI paraphrasing. Learn more Gradescope Grade paper-based, bubble sheet, and code assignments faster than ever while giving more robust feedback and gaining valuable insights. Learn more ExamSoft Address potential gaps in curriculum and assessment to prepare students for their careers and meet accreditation requirements. Learn more Similarity This robust, comprehensive plagiarism checker fits seamlessly into existing workflows. Learn more iThenticate Screen personal statements for potential plagiarism and ensure the highest level of integrity before matriculation. Learn more The Turnitin difference Why Turnitin Complete Coverage Your coverage is comprehensive, with the largest content database of scholarly content, student papers, and webpages. Extensive Support Have the help you need with 24/7 tech support, curricular resources created by real educators, and customized training and onboarding services. Human-Centered AI Our people-centered approach to artificial intelligence improves academic integrity and makes assessment better for all. Unparalleled Access Access Turnitin tools at scale through integrations with over 100 systems in the educational ecosystem. Further Reading Infographic The Plagiarism Spectrum 2.0 The Plagiarism Spectrum 2.0 identifies twelve types of unoriginal work — both traditional forms of plagiarism and emerging trends. Understanding these forms of plagiarism supports the development of original thinking skills and helps students do their best, original work. Read more eBook How To Promote Academic Integrity In Your Classroom | eBook A Free Guide From Turnitin Read more Paper Guide for approaching AI-generated text in your classroom An educator guide providing suggestions for how to adapt instruction when faced with student use of AI. Read more See all resources Products Why Turnitin? Feedback Studio Originality Gradescope ExamSoft Turnitin Similarity iThenticate Revision Assistant View all products Solutions Higher Education Secondary Education Research & Publication Partners AI Writing Detection Other Topics Resources Resources Hub Blog Instructional Resources Events Turnitin Educator Network Support Center Company About Us Careers Media Center Social Impact Diversity Pledge Accessibility Product Privacy Website Privacy Acceptable Use Policy Terms of Use Modern Slavery Act Site Map [COOKIE SETTINGS] © 2024 Turnitin, LLC. All rights reserved. close Why Turnitin Why Turnitin? About Us Diverse and passionate people dedicated to serving the global education community since 1998, through technology that promotes honesty, consistency and fairness Customer Stories Educators around the world are using Turnitin to bring equity, integrity, and meaning to every learner’s journey. Careers Explore job openings and join one of our talented Turnitin teams. Seen@Turnitin Diversity, equity, and inclusion are foundational to how we operate as a business and global citizens. Social Impact Our Social Impact strategy guides how we partner with educational communities around the globe to increase access and equity in educational and vocational systems. Leadership Meet the Turnitin leadership team. Customer Story University of Leeds widely adopts Gradescope for online assessment With campuswide digital transformation in mind, rollout to thousands of faculty across disciplines took only two months, far quicker than anticipated. Read more Products Products Feedback Studio Foster writing excellence with Feedback Studio, a comprehensive tool that upholds academic integrity and facilitates meaningful feedback. Originality Address originality of student work and emerging trends in academic misconduct with Turnitin Originality, the new standard in academic integrity. Gradescope Transform grading into learning from anywhere with Gradescope's modern assessment platform, efficient grading workflows, and actionable student data. ExamSoft ExamSoft is the leading provider of assessment software for on-campus and remote programs. Similarity Uphold academic integrity with Turnitin Similarity, the robust plagiarism checker that fits seamlessly into existing workflows. iThenticate Check for plagiarism and prepare your manuscript for high-stakes publication with iThenticate, gold standard for academic researchers and publishers. Solutions Secondary Education Academic integrity and assessment solutions for today’s schools Higher Education Academic integrity and assessment solutions for today’s universities Research & Publication Publish with confidence and protect your reputation using the tool top academic researchers and publishers trust to ensure the originality of scholarly works. Featured Topics AI Writing Detection Academic Integrity Assessment Design Research Integrity Quality Feedback Features AI writing detection Identify when AI writing tools such as ChatGPT have been used in students’ submissions. Learn more Resources Partners Partners Content partners Become a Turnitin Content Partner to protect your published content with the world’s most trusted plagiarism checker. Technical integration partners Expand the functionality of your solution by integrating with Turnitin-powered similarity checking, writing feedback, and grading tools. Commercial partners Become a Turnitin Commercial Partner and choose from a variety of flexible business models that deliver value to your Customers. Partner Directory Discover how Turnitin works with Partners to enhance education and research Media Center Media Center Media Kit Learn more about Turnitin in the Turnitin media kit. Press releases The latest Turnitin press releases and announcements. In the news The latest Turnitin news, articles and broadcasts. Awards Turnitin awards and honors. Conferences Turnitin events and conferences Support Contact Sales Log In search east language