Home - NOAA Arctic An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .govA .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPSA lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Skip to content Home Report Card Strategy Services Partner With Us Data Programs Menu Toggle Oceans and Coasts Weather Satellites Research Fisheries Search for: Search Search Home Report Card Oceans and Coasts Weather Satellites Research Fisheries Main Menu Home Report Card Oceans and Coasts Weather Satellites Research Fisheries NOAA in the ArcticLearn about what NOAA is working on in the Arctic. NOAA's Arctic Vision and Strategy Arctic Report CardThis annually published peer reviewed report gathers the latest science from top experts to track changes in the Arctic.Latest Report CardOceans & CoastsNOAA’s National Ocean Service conserves and manages our Arctic Ocean resources to support resilient ecosystems and communities and works to map the seafloor to improve charting and navigational support. WeatherNOAA’s National Weather Service provides weather, water, and climate information for planning and decision making to protect lives, property, enhance the national economy, and manage the Arctic’s many resources.SatellitesNOAA Satellites observe the Arctic ocean and atmosphere to understand and forecast Arctic change.ResearchNOAA Research is foundational to understanding the complex Arctic system and supporting effective stewardship, resilient communities, and sustainable economiesFisheriesNOAA’s National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) provides science-based conservation and management of important Arctic living marine resources and their habitats: productive and sustainable fisheries, safe sources of seafood, recovery and conservation of protected resources, and healthy ecosystems. Previous slide Next slide About NOAA in the Arctic The Arctic, according to Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984, can be defined as all the lands and waters above the black line. Map Modified from Williams, D.M., and Richmond, C.L., 2021 NOAA's diverse activities in the Arctic provides science, service, and stewardship that supports people and commerce. During the past thirty years, the Arctic environment has undergone profound and unprecedented changes. Temperatures have increased nearly four times faster than the global average and sea ice has diminished sharply. These changes have allowed an opening of the Arctic to new areas of commerce such as shipping, oil and mineral exploration and tourism. The new opportunities have increased the need for better environmental intelligence to understand Arctic change and its impact on regional and global weather and climate as well as improved regional awareness to support communities and industry. The environmental intelligence that NOAA generates in the Arctic supports decisions and actions related to conservation and management to promote healthy, productive and resilient communities and ecosystems. NOAA's Arctic Vision and Strategy A vision, plan, and structure for supporting NOAA’s activities in the Arctic are characterized in these three main documents. Learn More NOAA's Services in Alaska and the Arctic NOAA provides and supports a variety of critical services that communities in Alaska and operators in the Arctic rely on. Partner with NOAA in Alaska and the Arctic NOAA partners with scientific and governmental collaborators, non-governmental organizations, industry, academia and local and Indigenous communities to meet research, stewardship, and management needs in Alaska and the Arctic. NOAA's Arctic Data Access data portals and review guiding principles for supporting accessibility and collaboration on Arctic data. Access Data Focus Areas // Arctic Report Card Oceans and Coasts Weather Satellites Research Fisheries HEADQUARTERS 1315 East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD 20910 Email Us ABOUT USNOAA's diverse activities in the Arctic synergize the work of five NOAA line offices, each leading sustained efforts to provide science, service, and stewardship in the Arctic region that supports people and commerce.Visit NOAA | Visit the Department of Commerce NOAA Central Library Freedom of Information Act Web Accessibility Statement Disclaimer for External Links NOAA Privacy Statement Provide FeedbackProvide Feedback Copyright © 2024 NOAA Arctic | All Rights Reserved. Scroll to Top Contact Our Team Fill out the form below, and we will be in touch shortly. Contact Information Name phone email Vehicle Information Vehicle Make Vehicle model Vehicle year Service Requested Preferred Date and Time Selection date time submit ⟶