RTF | Rethinking The Future - Architecture Awards | Courses | Magazine Careers About Submit Your Story Subscribe Search for: Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn RTF Awards 24 Rethinking The Future Awards 2024 Previous Awards 2022 RTF Awards 2022 | Results GADA 2022 | Results 2023 RTF Awards 2023 | Results GADA 2023 | Results 2021 RTF Awards 2021 | Results GADA 2021 | Results 2020 ACD Awards 2020 | Results RTF Awards 2020 | Results 2019 GADA 2019 | Results 2018 ACD Awards 2018 | Results GADA 2018 | Results 2017 RTF Awards 2017 | Results RTF Sustainability Awards 2017 | Results 2016 RTF Sustainability Awards 2016 | Results 2015 RTF Sustainability Awards 2015 | Results 2014 RTF Awards 2014 | Results Competitions RTF Writing Competition 2021 Architectural Photography Competition May 2020 – Results RTF Architectural Visualization Competition 2020 – Results RTF Essay Writing Competition April 2020 – Results Designer’s Days of Quarantine Contest – Results Urban Sketching Competition May 2020 – Results Articles Architecture+ Architectural Community Architectural Facts RTF Architectural Reviews Architectural styles City and Architecture Fun & Architecture History of Architecture Design+ Design Studio Portfolios Designing for typologies Product Design RTF Design Inspiration Art Architecture News Construction & Materials Covid and Architecture Know Your Architects RTF Fresh Perspectives Career Advice Case Studies Landscape Architecture Narratives Sustainable Architecture Technology & Architecture Top Architects Travel and Architecture Courses Future Talks Projects Architecture Cultural Commercial Educational Healthcare Hospitality Housing Institutional Mixed Use Office Buildings Public Building Recreation Residential Sports & Recreation Temporary Structure Interior Design Commercial Interior Design Corporate Interior Design Healthcare Interior Design Hospitality Interior Design Residential Interior Design Landscape Product Design Skyscraper Sustainability Transportation Urban Design Submit More Architectural Writing Training Programme | WFH Careers About RTF Contact RTF Work with RTF Host your Course with RTF Internships at RTF Editorial Internship | In-office Graphic Design Internship Research Internship | WFH Research Internship | New Delhi Advertise on RTF Subscribe Search for: ANNOUNCED Global Architecture & Design Awards 2023 Congratulations to all the Winners & Runnerups 15th Edition RTF Awards RESULTS Check out Results Latest Articles on RTF In City and Architecture Constructing Malaysian Identity 6 Mins Read Introduction: Malaysia is a melting pot in which many cultures and languages… In Architectural Community Natural assets and architectural response 6 Mins Read Architecture and nature are closely associated with one another. The natural materials… In City and Architecture The Failings of China’s Construction Industry 7 Mins Read China’s opening-up and economic reform measures more than 40 years ago dramatically… In City and Architecture Embracing Diversity, Overcoming Challenges, and Creating Inclusive Experiences 6 Mins Read Over the past decades, tourism has experienced continued growth and diversification to… In Architectural Community Design Education: Exploring Different Pedagogical Approaches to enhance Creativity 11 Mins Read Architects and other design professionals create built environments that impact human existence.… In Architectural Community City Skylines and Cultural Identity: The Intersection of Design and Heritage 4 Mins Read In the arena of metropolis structure, few elements captivate the creativity pretty… In Architectural Community Challenges and Opportunities for Artists in the Virtual Realm 5 Mins Read The virtual realm represents a groundbreaking technological innovation that transports individuals into… In Architectural Community Mental health in the architecture community 5 Mins Read A term used to refer to housing and shelter, architecture and design… In Know Your Architects Inside the studios of D+R Design Studio 9 Mins Read Bringing the Outside In: How Our Studio Feels Alive with Nature (As… Load More Future Talks by RTF In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Dan Brunn 10 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, in this exclusive interview with renowned… In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Phil Stake 6 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, where we engage in enlightening conversations… In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Philip Stejskal 9 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, where we engage in inspiring conversations… In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Barbara Hallman 5 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, where we engage in conversations with… In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Garrick Jones 10 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, where we engage in illuminating conversations… In RTF Future Talks Future Talks by RTF: In conversation with Tamime Daoudi 6 Mins Read Welcome to Future Talks by RTF, where we engage in conversations with… Load More Online Courses for Architects & DesignersOnline Courses for Architects & DesignersBusiness & Architecture Complete Architecture Package for Design Studios (12 in 1)Upskill your design team and improve your business, brand value, and presence in the industry!Visit Course Page Complete Architecture Package for Students (6 in 1)Improve your skills, design abilities and make a great career in Architecture!Visit Course PageBusiness & Architecture How to get Your Projects PublishedArchitects and Designers don't advertise, they get published. Learn how to get your projects published in digital and print media.Learn More How to Build Brand for Your Design StudiosLearn how to build a presence and get established as a renowned Brand in the architecture & design industry!Learn MoreUpskill How To Design Your Architecture PortfolioVisit Course Page The Ultimate Architecture Thesis GuideVisit Course Page Introduction to Architecture JournalismVisit Course Page Design Thinking in ArchitectureVisit Course Page Complete Guide to Dissertation WritingVisit Course Page The Ultimate Masters GuideVisit Course PageDesign & Architecture Introduction to Landscape ArchitectureVisit Course Page How to Use Biomimicry in ArchitectureVisit Course Page The Perfect Guide to Architecting your CareerVisit Course Page Introduction to Urban DesignVisit Course Page Introduction to Skyscraper DesignVisit Course Page How to Design Streets for PeopleVisit Course Page How to Design Affordable HousingVisit Course Page Introduction to Product DesignVisit Course Page Introduction to Passive DesignVisit Course PageCareer Guide Design & Architecture Rethinking The Future|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||Architecture & Design Magazine >>Rethinking The Future|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||Architecture & Design Magazine >> Latest Projects on RTF In Interior Design Nature Inspired residence by Basics Architects 4 Mins Read The 7000 sqft duplex home has been designed for family of a young and passionate businessman. The home is situated in an apartment building located in industrial town of Ludhiana.… Read More In Product Design Bookend Collection by Rococo Milano 2 Mins Read Rococo Milano, the epitome of sophistication and luxury in home decor, unveils… In Housing The house among pine trees, mountains and lakes by Kvadrat architects 3 Mins Read This family seat is situated in one of the most picturesque places… In Product Design Citrine by RR Decor 2 Mins Read RR Decor, a prominent player in the realm of home decor furnishings… In Product Design Luxurious Armchair Collection by Etreluxe 2 Mins Read Etreluxe, the epitome of luxury living, unveils its latest addition to the… In Residential JM Residence by Alex Romano Architect 1 Min Read Residential building with 6 apartments. The proposal involves the creation of a… In Public Building The Koramangala Club by SDeG 3 Mins Read The Koramangala Club in 2016 announced an invitation-based competition for an Annex… Design Inspiration on RTF In RTF Design Inspiration Beijing Galaxy SOHO by Zaha Hadid: Modern approach to traditional Chinese architecture 10 Mins Read Being crowned as the Queen of Curves for her fluid, bold and dynamic buildings, Zaha Hadid was the first female British-Iraqi Architect to receive the Pritzker Architecture prize in 2004,… Read More In Art National Museum of Scotland by Captain Francis Fowke- All under one roof 6 Mins Read Called The Edinburgh Museum of Science and Art, an architectural marvel of building, its design is a display of references… In RTF Design Inspiration Walt Disney Family Museum by Rockwell Group- Telling a story through architecture 9 Mins Read To portray his life struggles and the first debut in Hollywood, Walt Disney’s daughter Diane Disney Miller established a non-profit… In Case Studies Sagrada Familia Barcelona by Antoni Gaudi- The unfinished masterpiece 6 Mins Read The construction of Sagrada Familia Barcelona started in 1882 but after Gaudi’s tragic death in 1926, Sagrada was taken over… In RTF Design Inspiration Woman’s Building Chicago by Sophia Hayden Bennett- Fighting sexism through architecture 7 Mins Read World’s Columbian Exposition of 1893 was one of the most successful socio-cultural events which had a tremendous impact on the… In Case Studies Hong Kong International Airport by Foster+Partners- most ambitious construction of the modern times 5 Mins Read With the simultaneous construction of the longest double-decker suspension bridge, a 6-mile-long massive underwater tunnel, 22 miles of highways, and… Load More Know your Architects on RTF In Know Your Architects Inside the studios of D+R Design Studio 9 Mins Read Bringing the Outside In: How Our Studio Feels Alive with Nature (As per discussion with Ar.Deepak Gupta.) Forget stuffy offices cut off from the world outside. In our studio, we… Read More In Know Your Architects David Chipperfield: Ideology and Philosophy 6 Mins Read Introduction In the dynamic world of architecture, David Chipperfield emerges not only… In Know Your Architects Minsuk Cho: Ideology and Philosophy 6 Mins Read Minsuk Cho’s works in Seoul, South Korea, have made him well-known as… In Know Your Architects Paul R. Williams: Ideology and Philosophy 7 Mins Read Every generation births a handful of individuals who challenge the norm and… In Know Your Architects Michelangelo: Ideology and Philosophy 9 Mins Read The Divine’s chisel The divine craftsman, a celebrated painter, and an architect… In Know Your Architects Ruth Shellhorn: Ideology and Philosophy 6 Mins Read Ruth Patricia Shellhorn, a notable American landscape architect, shaped southern California’s layout.… In Know Your Architects Inclusive Design: Considering Accessibility in Material Selection 7 Mins Read Architecture and design have always been concerned with the effect of an… Designers' Lounge at RTF In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Colombo for the Travelling Architect 6 Mins Read Sri Lanka or the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is an island country in South Asia, surrounded by the Indian Ocean. Sri Lanka’s documented history spans for almost 3000… Read More In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Muscat for the Travelling Architect 5 Mins Read Muscat, the capital city of the Sultanate of Oman, is sight for sore eyes. The city with layers and layers… In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Colombo for the Travelling Architect 6 Mins Read Sri Lanka or the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is an island country in South Asia, surrounded by the… In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Leh for the Travelling Architect 7 Mins Read Ladakh is a union territory of India and Leh is its capital city. The city is connected via NH-1 to Srinagar in the southwest and via Leh-Manali Highway to Manali… Read More In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Gabala for the Travelling Architect 10 Mins Read Gabala is one of the foremost beautiful cities in Azerbaijan. it’s many attractions, either historical or natural places that are… In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Athinai or Athens for the Travelling Architect 12 Mins Read Athinai or Athens, the capital of Greece, has a history that spans across various periods starting from Neolithic Greece (7000… In Architects' Lounge Places to visit in Central Vietnam for the Travelling Architect 7 Mins Read Vietnam is a Southeast Asian Country with the relevance of Buddhist pagodas and French colonials’ buildings. It is known for its ancient history, diverse culture, and natural landscapes. Vietnam is… Read More Fresh Perspectives on RTF In RTF Fresh Perspectives Alchemy of Architecture: How Does Architecture Impact the Daily Lives of People 5 Mins Read The world is architecture and architecture is the world. It is a reality that often gets overlooked in the growing hustle and bustle of cities today. The true essence and… Read More In RTF Fresh Perspectives Architecture in the 5th dimension 5 Mins Read Architecture has always evolved with time. Adapting to technological advancement and the changing needs of society resulted in pushing the… In Architectural Community Architectural Anthropology: Understanding People for Better Designs 5 Mins Read Introduction In the continually evolving field of architecture, the role of humans, people, and culture is continuously significant, but there… In Architectural Community Aging-in-Place Architecture 8 Mins Read 75% of older Americans want to stay in their homes as long as possible.The larger number of concern: 99% (Angelo Gentile, 2017). That’s the percentage of homes in the United… Read More In RTF Fresh Perspectives The truth and lies in architecture 6 Mins Read This article unravels the truth and lies of architecture and the role of an architect. The article is composed in… In Architectural Community 10 Architectural Resolutions for 2024 5 Mins Read It’s January 2024, and it represents another day in another year. The difference cannot only be in the number changing,… In RTF Fresh Perspectives Space in and around Architecture 5 Mins Read Space is often misinterpreted as the open space around or inside the volume-occupying structure. The positive and negative spaces in any setting play an important role in characterizing the feel,… Read More RTF Writing Training Programme About RTF Contact RTF RTF Content Policy RTF Privacy Policy RTF Terms & Condition In Technologies Why Solis Tractor is a first Choice for Small-Scale Farmers? 5 Mins Read In Technologies The Wholesale Trading of Machinery with Globy 3 Mins Read In City and Architecture Constructing Malaysian Identity 6 Mins Read In Technologies Home Improvement Projects with the Best ROI 6 Mins Read In Hospitality Limestone Gallery | He Wei Studio | 3andwich Design 3 Mins Read In Architects' Lounge This Architectural Exhibition got 10,000 Visitors at Milan Design Week 3 Mins Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Dribbble ©2022 Rethinking The Future All registered. Sitemap Top Sign Up Subscribe Login My account Articles by RTF Architecture+ Architectural Community Architectural Facts RTF Architectural Reviews Architectural styles City and Architecture Fun & Architecture History of Architecture Design+ Design Studio Portfolios Designing for typologies RTF Design Inspiration Art Architecture News Career Advice Case Studies Construction & Materials Covid and Architecture Interior Design Know Your Architects Landscape Architecture Materials & Construction Narratives Product Design RTF Fresh Perspectives Sustainable Architecture Technology Top Architects Travel and Architecture Awards Rethinking The Future Awards 2022 Previous Awards 2021 RTF Awards 2021 | Results GADA 2021 | Results 2020 RTF Awards 2020 | Results ACD Awards 2020 | Results 2019 GADA 2019 | Results 2018 ACD Awards 2018 | Results GADA 2018 | Results 2017 RTF Awards 2017 | Results RTF Sustainability Awards 2017 | Results 2016 RTF Sustainability Awards 2016 | Results 2015 RTF Sustainability Awards 2015 | Results 2014 RTF Awards 2014 | Results Competitions RTF Architectural Visualization Competition 2020 – Results Architectural Photography Competition 2020 – Results Designer’s Days of Quarantine Contest – Results Urban Sketching Competition May 2020 – Results RTF Essay Writing Competition April 2020 – Results Architectural Photography Competition 2019 – Finalists Courses The Ultimate Thesis Guide Introduction to Landscape Architecture Perfect Guide to Architecting Your Career How to Design Architecture Portfolio How to Design Streets Introduction to Urban Design Introduction to Product Design Complete Guide to Dissertation Writing Introduction to Skyscraper Design Projects Architecture Cultural Commercial Educational Healthcare Hospitality Housing Institutional Mixed Use Office Buildings Public Building Recreation Residential Sports & Recreation Temporary Structure Interior Design Commercial Interior Design Corporate Interior Design Healthcare Interior Design Hospitality Interior Design Residential Interior Design Landscape Product Design Skyscraper Sustainability Transportation Urban Design More Work with RTF Host your Course with RTF Architectural Writing Training Programme | WFH Internships at RTF Editorial Internship | In-office Graphic Design Internship Research Internship | WFH Research Internship | New Delhi Careers RTF | About RTF Submit Your Story Contact Advertise Looking for Job/ Internship?Apply Now!RTF will connect you with right Design Studios! Name(Required) Your Name Email(Required) Contact Number(Required) Apply For(Required) Job Internship Qualification(Required) Mention your degree/sExperience(Required)< 1 Year1 Year2 Years3 to 4 Years5 to 8 Years8 to 10 Years< 10 YearsSemester(Required)1st Semester2nd Semester3rd Semester4th Semester5th Semester6th Semester7th Semester8th Semester9th Semester10th SemesterCollege(Required) Looking for Job/ Internship?Apply Now!RTF will connect you with right Design Studios! Name(Required) Your Name Email(Required) Contact Number(Required) Apply For(Required) Job Internship Qualification(Required) Mention your degree/sExperience(Required)< 1 Year1 Year2 Years3 to 4 Years5 to 8 Years8 to 10 Years< 10 YearsSemester(Required)1st Semester2nd Semester3rd Semester4th Semester5th Semester6th Semester7th Semester8th Semester9th Semester10th SemesterCollege(Required) CLOSE We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok