iMore - Apple News, Reviews, Deals, & Help | Learn more. Be more. Skip to main content Open menu Close menu IMore iMore Search Search iMore Subscribe US EditionUSUKAustraliaCanadaIndia Apple Guides & SpecialsWhy subscribe?Discover our tech & gadget manualsRead everything from iPhone to Apple WatchMags delivered straight to your door or deviceFrom$15.99View Deal News iPhone Mac Apple Watch Vision Pro iPad AirPods iOS iMore Show More HomeKit Apple TV CarPlay Apps iCloud Accessories Gaming Health & Fitness Security Music, Movies & TV Forum Newsletter About Us TrendingApple Vision ProiPhone 16iOS 18iPhone 15iPhone 15 Pro MaxWatch Series 9Watch Ultra 2 Latest News This iOS alternative app marketplace is 'ready to launch' on March 7 James Bentley published 5 March 24 Mobivention is a new alternative App Store launching on March 7, the date Apple has chosen to allow third-party marketplaces. Apple could face a class action lawsuit over iCloud's 5GB free plan and limitations on what third-party alternatives can back up Oliver Haslam published 5 March 24 Apple could face a class action lawsuit over claims it limits what services can back up while offering just 5GB of free iCloud storage. Apple Card Savings accounts can now hold a cool $1 million — or you could buy 285 Apple Vision Pro headsets instead Oliver Haslam published 5 March 24 Your Apple Card Savings account can now hold $1 million, up from the previous $250,000 limit. IMAX is now available on Apple Vision Pro Oliver Haslam published 5 March 24 The Apple Vision Pro is getting new 3D documentaries from IMAX. Creating immersive Apple Vision Pro videos requires cameras that don't exist yet, but Canon's working to change that Oliver Haslam published 5 March 24 Canon says we need cameras that don't exist if we want to create real, immersive content for the Apple Vision Pro — and it's working on making them. Owned one of these iPhones in Canada? Apple could owe you up to $150 as part of the latest 'Batterygate' settlement Stephen Warwick published 5 March 24 Another iPhone batterygate settlement has been approved, this time in Canada. New MacBook Air M3 models announced — 13-inch and 15-inch models land simultaneously, up to 60% faster than M1 Faster processor for more powerful computing. Apple fined $2 billion over Spotify's EU antitrust complaint "Apple's conduct, which lasted for almost ten years, may have led many iOS users to pay significantly higher prices for music streaming subscriptions." What would an Apple Ring be like? Anything but an Apple Watch alternative, and it'll be a winner The Apple Ring should be an accessory, not a wearable. Apple M3 MacBook Air confirmed: Release date, specs, price and more The next generation of Apple silicon is coming, and it's called M3 with a new MacBook Air expected to benefit. Apple iPad Air 6: Release date rumors, news, and more Apple's future iPad Air refresh is on the way, but when? iPad mini 7 rumors: Everything you need to know Is a new iPad mini 7 on the horizon? 2024 OLED iPad Pro: Release date rumors, news, and more Apple's next iPad Pro is set to be the biggest upgrade in years. I bought Zeiss optical inserts for Apple Vision Pro — here’s a complete guide of how you can too Find out what prescriptions are supported, how to order optical inserts, the installation process, and more. Huge Beats headphones sale — save 50% on Apple's alternative to AirPods You won’t beat these deals! Master your iPhone in minutesiMore offers spot-on advice and guidance from our team of experts, with decades of Apple device experience to lean on. Learn more with iMore!Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Grid List News Apple’s Mac trade-in prices have changed after the M3 MacBook Air reveal By James Bentley published 5 March 24 Now that the M3 MacBook Air is here, Apple is offering more cash for some older devices. Macs M3 MacBook Air benchmarks leak — Earliest figures reveal 20% performance boost over M2 model By Stephen Warwick published 5 March 24 New early benchmark figures reveal the M3 MacBook Air is 20% faster than the M2 model. Apple Macbook If you're looking for a simple and addictive new daily puzzle game, this iPhone app is for you By Becca Caddy published 5 March 24 App of the day Echodots updates with a new color-matching puzzle every day – but it's trickier than it looks. App of the day M3 MacBook Pro will be able to support multiple displays soon By Tammy Rogers published 5 March 24 The M3 MacBook Air brought multiple display support — and now the M3 MacBook Pro is getting it too. Apple Macbook iPhone sales plunge by 24% in China By John-Anthony Disotto published 5 March 24 Apple's smartphone sales in China don't look too great for the start of 2024 as year-over-year sees a 24% slump in first six weeks. iPhone Grid List iPhone The best iPhone cases - the ultimate guide By Tammy Rogers last updated 5 March 24 Got an iPhone? We've compiled all the best cases for each model, and put them in the list below. iPhone Best iPhone 15 Plus cases By Karen S Freeman last updated 5 March 24 The big new iPhone is a beauty for sure, and you'll want to keep it looking that way. Protect it from the start with a fantastic case. We've rounded up some favorites for you.v iPhone 15 Best iPhone 15 Pro Max cases By Karen S Freeman last updated 5 March 24 Apple's ultimate iPhone is here and you're on board. Keep that big, gorgeous slice of tech pristine with a great case. Here are some of the best cases you can buy. iPhone 15 Best iPhone 15 cases By Karen S Freeman last updated 5 March 24 The iPhone 15 sure is a beauty. Protect your investment from the day you get it with a great case. Here are some of our favorites. iPhone 15 Best iPhone 15 Pro cases By Karen S Freeman last updated 5 March 24 You've invested in the latest iPhone 15 Pro model, and it's an incredible device. Get the best protection with an excellent case. Here are some of our favorite cases. iPhone 15 iPhone sales plunge by 24% in China By John-Anthony Disotto published 5 March 24 Apple's smartphone sales in China don't look too great for the start of 2024 as year-over-year sees a 24% slump in first six weeks. iPhone VIEW MORE IPHONE Grid List iPad Best iPad for students in 2024: Get more done at school with a brand new Apple tablet By Tammy Rogers last updated 1 March 24 The best iPad for students is packed with features for all your education needs, and can be easily carried from class to class. iPad Here's exactly how big Apple's exciting new OLED iPad Pro will be, and it's likely to arrive soon By Oliver Haslam published 1 March 24 Apple is expected to announce a new OLED iPad Pro soon and new CAD drawings have shown off its dimensions ahead of time. iPad Pro Now is the worst time to buy a new iPad — here's why (with one exception...) By James Bentley published 27 February 24 With two separate lines of iPad expected to launch over the next few months, you shouldn’t buy one until you see what’s next. iPad OLED iPads get a production boost as LG and Samsung get to work on the displays By Tammy Rogers published 26 February 24 New iPads could be coming soon as Samsung and LG get started on OLED display production. iPad Save big on Apple Pencil 2 with this $79 deal — and get the first generation Pencil for even cheaper By James Bentley published 26 February 24 If you are looking to draw on your iPad, you can get either generation of Apple Pencil at their lowest ever price. iPad The Best iPad in 2024: from mini to Pro and every Apple tablet in between By John-Anthony Disotto last updated 23 February 24 What's the best iPad, and which should you buy to fit your needs? We're here to tell you. iPad VIEW MORE IPAD Meet The Team Gerald Lynch Editor in Chief | iPhone 15 Pro | M2 MacBook Air | M2 iPad Pro | Stephen Warwick News Editor | iPhone 15 Pro Max | M1 iPad Pro | AirPods Pro | John-Anthony Disotto How To Editor | iPhone 15 Pro Max | M2 iPad Pro | M2 Mac Mini | Tammy Rogers Senior Staff Writer | iPhone 15 Pro Max | Apple Watch Ultra 2 | M1 Pro MacBook Pro | AirPods Max | Daryl Baxter Features Editor | iPhone 15 Pro Max | Apple Watch Ultra | M1 Pro MacBook Pro | AirPods Pro 2 | James Bentley Staff Writer | iPhone 15 Pro Max | M1 MacBook Air | Apple Watch Series 7 | Karen Freeman Contributor Oliver Haslam Contributor Joe Wituschek Contributor Palash Volvoikar Contributor Grid List Mac Apple’s Mac trade-in prices have changed after the M3 MacBook Air reveal By James Bentley published 5 March 24 Now that the M3 MacBook Air is here, Apple is offering more cash for some older devices. Macs M3 MacBook Air benchmarks leak — Earliest figures reveal 20% performance boost over M2 model By Stephen Warwick published 5 March 24 New early benchmark figures reveal the M3 MacBook Air is 20% faster than the M2 model. Apple Macbook M3 MacBook Pro will be able to support multiple displays soon By Tammy Rogers published 5 March 24 The M3 MacBook Air brought multiple display support — and now the M3 MacBook Pro is getting it too. Apple Macbook MacBook Air M3 versus MacBook Air M2: How big is the jump? By Tammy Rogers published 4 March 24 The latest M3 MacBook Air models are here, but how do they compare to the last models? Apple Macbook MacBook Air M3 versus MacBook Air M1 By Tammy Rogers published 4 March 24 The MacBook Air M3 is finally here, although should you drop the cash and upgrade from your old M1 model? Let's find out. Apple Macbook The new Midnight M3 MacBook Air won’t be as much of a fingerprint magnet, according to Apple By James Bentley published 4 March 24 The M3 MacBook Air is introducing a “breakthrough” technique to do away with fingerprints. Apple Macbook VIEW MORE MAC Grid List Apple Watch How to use the safety tools on your Apple Watch By Matt Evans published 4 March 24 Your Apple Watch can help out in various different ways in an emergency situation. Here’s how to set it all up. Apple Watch Belkin Boostcharge Pro review: Portable Apple Watch charger that slips into a pocket By Tammy Rogers published 4 March 24 The Belkin Boostcharge Pro might not have the biggest capacity, but it's got a built-in Apple Watch charger to keep cable mess down. Apple Watch Apple Watch Ultra with microLED display development might have been canceled By Tammy Rogers published 1 March 24 Display manufacturer ams Osram's stock has dropped by 40% after an unnamed firm pulls out of microLED deal — and that company could be Apple. Apple Watch New Apple Watch bands tipped for Spring launch By James Bentley published 28 February 24 A whole new line of spring Apple Watch bands has seemingly been leaked in the latest iOS 17.4 beta code. Apple Watch The brand-new OnePlus Watch 2 packs a 100-hour battery By Oliver Haslam published 27 February 24 The new OnePlus Watch 2 has been announced with Apple Watch-busting battery life and two different operating systems. Apple Watch Ultra VIEW MORE APPLE WATCH Grid List How to I use these macOS Sonoma widgets daily and you should too By Lloyd Coombes published 4 March 24 Here's how to add my favorite widgets on macOS Sonoma. Apple Macos How to use the safety tools on your Apple Watch By Matt Evans published 4 March 24 Your Apple Watch can help out in various different ways in an emergency situation. Here’s how to set it all up. Apple Watch Why low-intensity exercise is the key to getting fit in 2024 By Matt Evans published 28 February 24 How to use your iPhone and Apple Watch to start or continue your fitness journey in a brand new way. Health and Fitness iPhone Photography Basics: How to capture a panorama on your iPhone By Mike Harris published 23 February 24 iPhone Photography Week Capture a panorama on your iPhone to frame super-wide vistas and create mammoth resolution images. iPhone Photography Week iPhone Photography Basics: Become a better landscape photographer By Mike Harris published 23 February 24 iPhone Photography Week Seek out the right weather conditions and wield your iPhone like a landscape photography pro. iPhone Photography Week iPhone Photography Basics: Shooting in black and white By Mike Harris published 22 February 24 iPhone Photography Week There’s much more to black and white photography than converting a color image. Here’s how to capture mono iPhone images the right way. iPhone Photography Week SEE MORE HOW TO Grid List Gaming Call of Duty: Warzone Mobile has a worldwide release date, and it's closer than you may think By Lloyd Coombes published 2 March 24 Call of Duty: Warzone Mobile will finally launch worldwide on March 21. FPS Games Pips and Pixels By James Bentley published 27 February 24 Gaming It's now even easier to play more Windows PC games on Mac By James Bentley published 27 February 24 Crossover 24 has just added support for even more games on Mac, such as Warframe and Planet Zoo. Gaming "Nothing like this has ever really been done before" — Game Room's developer reflects on Apple Vision Pro gaming and what could be next for Spatial entertainment By James Bentley published 26 February 24 Pips and Pixels PLUS! Death Stranding on iPhone impressions, new iPhone controllers, and more in this week's Pips and Pixels column Pips and Pixels Best iPhone games of 2024 that you can play right now By Daryl Baxter last updated 26 February 24 These are just some of the best games you can pick up on your iPhone right now. IOS Games VIEW MORE GAMING Grid List Reviews Soundcore Boom 2 Bluetooth Speaker review: Big budget bass with bouncing lights By Tammy Rogers published 4 March 24 The Soundcore Boom 2 is a monster of a Bluetooth speaker, covered with flashing lights and pumping out wicked bass. Music, Movies and TV Belkin Boostcharge Pro review: Portable Apple Watch charger that slips into a pocket By Tammy Rogers published 4 March 24 The Belkin Boostcharge Pro might not have the biggest capacity, but it's got a built-in Apple Watch charger to keep cable mess down. Apple Watch Anker MagGo Wireless Charging Station (Foldable 3-in-1) review: High-speed foldable travel charger is perfect for traveling light By Gerald Lynch published 1 March 24 A compact travel charger for iPhone, AirPods, and Apple Watch that takes advantage of Qi2's speedy charging. iPhone Apple SuperDrive review: A CD/DVD drive "Designed by Apple in California" By John-Anthony Disotto published 1 March 24 The Apple SuperDrive is a premium CD/DVD drive but is it worth the extra cost over its competitors? Macs NuPhy Gem80 review: Customizable keys in a glorious metal package By Tammy Rogers published 1 March 24 The NuPhy Gem80 is a wicked custom mechanical keyboard, although you'll pay more than you normally would for the DIY options. Macs iVanky FusionDock Max 1 Review: The dock for professionals with Thunderbolt support By Tammy Rogers published 1 March 24 The iVanky FusionDock Max 1 is an absolute beast of a dock, and it comes with a price to match. But is it any good? Macs VIEW MORE REVIEWS Grid List Apps And Software If you're looking for a simple and addictive new daily puzzle game, this iPhone app is for you By Becca Caddy published 5 March 24 App of the day Echodots updates with a new color-matching puzzle every day – but it's trickier than it looks. App of the day Spotify's new audiobook-only plan takes on Audible, but it just isn't cheap enough to be worthwhile By Oliver Haslam published 4 March 24 Spotify has launched a new audiobook-only subscription but it's barely cheaper than the one that gets you music thrown in. Music Apps If you've never managed to meditate this iPhone app might help By Becca Caddy published 1 March 24 App of the day Balance is a super simple iPhone app that's designed to make meditation easy. App of the day MacPaw announces Setapp Mobile is coming to iOS By John-Anthony Disotto published 1 March 24 Setapp Mobile is coming to iOS users in the EU in April. Install a wide variety of applications through the third-party app store. Apps This gorgeous Mac app game is like stepping into another world By Becca Caddy published 29 February 24 App of the day Luna The Shadow Dust might be the nicest-looking Mac game I've played – and it's packed with bonus animations. App of the day Google Maps just got way more useful as glanceable directions come to iPhone Lock Screens everywhere By Oliver Haslam published 28 February 24 More than a year after it was announced, Google Maps has brought glanceable directions to the iPhone's Lock Screen. Navigation Apps VIEW MORE APPS iMore is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility statement Careers Licensing External links disclosure About us Newsletter Advertising inquiries Android Central Windows Central © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.