Home - Extinction Rebellion UK Close menu Tell The Truth Emergency on Planet Earth Our Demands About Us FAQs Act Now Campaigns Events Local Groups Community Groups Resources Decide Together Citizens’ Assembly CA FAQs CE Bill Why Decide Together? Join Us News All News Actions Arts & Culture Citizens' Assembly Hourglass Newspaper International Legal Newsletter Podcasts Rebel Radio The Arrestees Trials Videos Press Donate Search Not in the UK? Visit the Global Website. Search Change Font Extinction Rebellion logo Tell The Truth Act Now Decide Together Join Us News Press Donate Tell the Truth Things are getting worse faster than we expected. Act Now Those in power aren’t acting quickly enough. Decide Together We need change that is decided fairly and transparently. We need a Citizens’ Assembly on Climate and Ecological Justice. Join Us Take a stand, get involved and make a difference. Welcome to XR! Find out what makes us tick and how you can get involved in this live online talk.Every Tues 7pm - 9pm(1.5hr talk, 0.5hr discussion) Register for a talk TAKE ACTION NEAR YOU Explore the XR Map to find upcoming actions, events, training or meetings near you. UPCOMING EVENTS Insurance Week of Action Save the Dates: 26 February to 3rd MarchCity of London and across the UK Find out more Don’t Pay for Dirty Water Join the boycott. Withhold payment of the sewerage charge portion of your water bill. Find out more Community Assemblies Escalation Plan The current political system is failing to take the actions we need. It’s time to decide for ourselves, together. Find out more Contacts Press: press@extinctionrebellion.uk Donations: fundraising@rebellion.earth Volunteer: volunteer.extinctionrebellion.uk/contact General: enquiries@extinctionrebellion.uk Tell The Truth Emergency on Planet Earth Our Demands About Us FAQs Act Now Campaigns Events Local Groups Community Groups Resources Decide Together Citizens’ Assembly CA FAQs Climate and Ecology Bill Why Decide Together? More News Press Contact International Copyright Info Extinction Rebellion (XR) is a do-it-together movement. All our design and artwork can be used non-commercially for the purpose of planet saving. This does not mean creating merchandise for fundraising or sending XR a percentage of your sales. We do not endorse or create any merchandise and we will pursue and prosecute anyone who does. The Extinction Symbol was designed in 2011 by street artist ESP, who loans XR usage on the same basis: www.extinctionsymbol.info. Some icons on the site are from the fontawesome icon set. Donate © Extinction Rebellion 2024 | Privacy policy & Terms of service We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. These cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. How to manage cookiesOK