OpenProcessing - Creative Coding for the Curious Mind Coding is Beautiful Join the community of creative coders, educators, and designers that explore, experiment, and play. Join Sign in by Connect and Inspire Join thousands of creative coders, follow their work, create your own forks, and find your inspiration for your next coding challenge. Explore sketches No Hassle Coding Code away your ideas live with p5js, enable common libraries and templates with a click, and share your portfolio with the community. Create a sketch Teach and Learn Teachers exclusive: With our intuitive class platform, collaborate live with students, give assignments, collect projects, provide feedback, and more. Check out our class platform Sketches that are 'd this week See all Triangle1.5 by Killeroo Nodes that have their own behaviors. They may push or pull each other, connect, kill or give birth, based on position, color, and who knows. Define these set of rules and press Play to watch these particles live their fascinating yet random lives. Particle Systems Create a sketch See examples Take a data point, assign it to a color or size of a shape. Position it on the canvas based on its relation to another data point. When all is said and done, let the visualizations reveal the hidden patterns and tell the story behind the data. Data Visualization Create a sketch See examples Duel (a shooter game) by FAL Games Create characters, define game dynamics, and you got yourself a sketch with villain square taking revenge while shooting lasers with unlimited life. Creating games is one of the most fun ways to explore object oriented programming and multi-user interactions on the same canvas. Create a sketch See examples Confetti3 by Killeroo Brushes What happens when mouse cursor moves, or you wave your hand to the camera? These sketches experiment with digital painting ideas that uses custom brushes instead of putting paint on canvas. Create a sketch See examples Create. Full steam ahead. Join the community of 100,000 creative coders to create open source projects, inspire and collaborate. Create unlimited open source sketches Code away your ideas in seconds with p5js Enable libraries with a single click Undo mistakes with version history Build a portfolio to showcase your work Embed sketches in blogs, websites Save animated GIFs Connect with other creative coders to get inspired and learn Join for Free Sign in if you joined already Creative Coder Plus+ Take your sketches to the next level with premium features and privacy. Unlimited public or private sketches Advanced embedding options Upload more files with increased 1GB limit (standard 25 MB). Use any external javascript library in your sketch Ad-free experience as you explore OpenProcessing No ads displayed on your portfolio and sketches Priority live support from Sinan Learn More Subscribe for $39.99 annually or $3.99 monthly Professor Plus+ Use Classroom Platform to invite students and teach coding in class! Organize sketches, create challenges and give assignments with collections Keep sketches and class activity private/class only Hide source code to create challenging assignments Add javascript libraries to expand their knowledge Free Creative Coder Plus+ Membership for all your students Close your class easily for a new semester Get priority live support from Sinan Learn More Article: Teaching Coding with OpenProcessing A quick walkthrough of the exciting world of code, creativity, education, bugs, and Kandinsky. View article Article: Creating Collaborative Sketches with Socket.io Learn how to use OpenProcessing socket server to create a live sketch that responds to visitors. View article Follow us on Twitter Our official communication channel: Any news on OpenProcessing is first on @openprocessing Follow @openprocessing Created with in NYC Contact Follow Status Creative Coding Discover Learn with Tutorials Join OpenProcessing - Sign in Create a Sketch Teaching Teaching with OpenProcessing View Active Classes Pricing Create a Class Legal Community Guidelines Credits Terms of Service - Privacy Policy Subprocessors - Cookie Policy {{title}} {{dismissLabel}} {{buttonLabel}} OK Any questions? Reach out via email. OK File URL {{filePath}} Dimensions {{width}} x {{height}} Cancel Submit