Study Guides, Lesson Plans, Homework Help, Answers & More - eNotes.com Select an area of the website to search All Study Guides Homework Help Lesson Plans Search this site Go Page Citation Start an essay icon-question Ask a question Join Sign in Study Guides Homework Help Teacher Resources Start free trial Sign In Start an essay Ask a question The Literature Experts Search this site Search We've summarized and analyzed every book on your syllabus. From Macbeth and The Great Gatsby to obscure works for your higher level courses, our in-depth guides are fact-checked by our team of experts to help you understand every story, chapter, theme, and character. Popular Guides New & Updated Guides To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee Macbeth by William Shakespeare Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Hamlet by William Shakespeare The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald Lord of the Flies by William Golding The Crucible by Arthur Miller Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck A Season of Grace by N. V. M. Gonzalez Bud, Not Buddy by Christopher Paul Curtis A Child Called "It" by Dave Pelzer The River by Gary Paulsen A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini Sister of My Heart by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni Banana Fish by Akimi Yoshida Kanthapura by Raja Rao We’ve helped thousands of students with their essays and homework. (and we’re ready to help you too!) Having trouble understanding a book or struggling to start your essay? Ask us any question and get the help you need fast. Our Educators have answered more than 125,000 questions from students just like you. Ask a question Start an Essay We’ll help your grades soar Start your subscription and unlock all the summaries, Q&A, and analyses you need to get better grades now. 30,000+ book summaries 20% study tools discount Ad-free content PDF downloads 125,000+ answers 5-star customer support Start your free trial Are you a teacher? Sign up now eNotes.com will help you with any book or any question. Our summaries and analyses are written by experts, and your questions are answered by real teachers. Join eNotes Recommended Study Guides Lesson Plans Quizzes Shakespeare Quotes Homework Help Literary Terms More FAQ About Us Contact Us Jobs Blog iOS App Android App ©2024 eNotes.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Pinterest Medium