University of Southern California Skip to Content Open Site Navigation / Menu Search We Are USC Back to Main Menu The University Back to The University The University USC is a constellation of schools, centers and institutes where some of the brightest minds are leading the way to the future of education. Leadership Faculty Values Facts and Stats Our History We Are Southern California Back to We Are Southern California We Are Southern California USC, L.A. and California's southland are inextricably linked. Our passion as a great private research university serves the public good across the city and throughout SoCal — advancing society and improving lives. Our Communities We Are Trojans We Are Connectors We Are Advancing Health We Are Global Back to We Are Global We Are Global Magnify your worldview and craft solutions to today's most complex global problems. USC is your launchpad to gain international perspective and grow global networks — both essential for modern careers. Global Engagement Global Presence Educating Global Leaders Academics Back to Main Menu Schools & Academic Units Back to Schools & Academic Units Letters, Arts and Sciences Accounting Advanced Computing Architecture Art and Design Arts, Technology, Business of Innovation Business Cinematic Arts Communication and Journalism Dance Dentistry Dramatic Arts Education Engineering Gerontology Law Medicine Music Occupational Therapy Pharmacy Physical Therapy Professional Studies Public Policy Social Work Explore Our Programs Back to Explore Our Programs Explore Our Programs Discover the academic programs at USC that match your passion and interests. With 23 schools and academic divisions, we offer a range of undergraduate, graduate and professional majors. Majors & Minors Graduate & Professional Postdoctoral Programs Pre-College Programs Undergraduate Study Back to Undergraduate Study Undergraduate Study At USC, one of the best colleges in the U.S., you'll work with leading experts and supportive faculty to build your path to success. Tap into USC's dynamic, global community as you embark on your world-class undergraduate study. Your First-Year Experience Interdisciplinary Freedom Global Experiences Advising & Support Graduate & Professional Study USC International Academy USC Online High School Summer Programs Libraries Academic Calendar Schedule of Classes Life at USC Back to Main Menu Living in L.A. Campus Life Back to Campus Life Campus Life USC offers an endless variety of activities and events for students to get involved in. From student-run clubs and organizations to exclusive film screenings and outdoor yoga, there is something for everyone on campus. Housing & Dining Student Organizations and Clubs Community Service USC Village Campus Safety Health and Wellness Research & Creativity Back to Main Menu Research & Innovation Back to Research & Innovation Research & Innovation USC engages in forward-looking, collaborative research with industries around the world to find unprecedented and much-needed solutions for some of the most complex issues facing humanity today. Student Research Faculty Research Research Resources Innovation Office of Research & Innovation Creative Expression Our Impact Back to Our Impact Our Impact At USC, we are defining conversations, influencing policy and creating a healthier and more sustainable future for all. Our students, faculty and alumni are making an impact in Los Angeles and around the world. Inventing Solutions Exploring Medical Frontiers Creating New Knowledge Admission & Aid Back to Main Menu Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Financial Aid Visit USC USC Athletics USC Patient Care MyUSC News Events Visit Apply Giving Employees Students Faculty Alumni Families Directories What are you looking for? Search: Search Suggested Searches Majors & Minors A Gold for Sustainability USC’s sustainability efforts have earned a gold rating from the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education, a professional association for the campus sustainability community — a year earlier than expected. Learn more in USC News USC’s Network of Informational and Support Resources in Times of Conflict Read the latest information An SC Family Reunion USC closed out its celebration of Black History Month on Thursday with the annual SC Family Reunion. The event in Founders Park on the University Park Campus featured live performances, refreshments, vendors and remarks by USC President Carol Folt. Story and photos in USC News Celebrating the USC Schaeffer Institute for Public Policy & Government Service — and its namesake The Trojan Family on Wednesday celebrated the university’s newest policy institute and the gift that made it happen: A $59 million donation from Leonard D. Schaeffer and his late wife, Pamela, funded the new institute, which will be based at USC’s University Park Campus and at the USC Capital Campus in Washington, D.C. Pictured at the celebration are (from left) Dana Goldman, who will lead the institute; USC President Carol Folt; Leonard Schaeffer; and USC Provost Andrew T. Guzman. Learn more Top Headlines Visit USC News University News USC names 7 faculty members University Professors and Distinguished Professors The titles recognize faculty members who are leaders in their research fields. Mar 1, 2024 Research First NEMO Prizes fund research partnerships at the intersection of health and engineering Awards were given to two USC research teams to fund collaborations between engineering and one or more of the university’s five health sciences schools. Feb 26, 2024 Science and Technology Animated maps reveal shocking level of devastation in Ukraine USC Dornsife’s Sylvain Barbot is using public satellite data to reveal the cost of the Ukraine War on its second anniversary. Feb 23, 2024 Advancing the Health Sciences USC is dedicated to improving the quality of life for individuals and society through world-class care, innovation, collaboration and research with real-world impact. By promoting health, preventing and curing disease, and educating tomorrow’s health leaders, our many health sciences schools advance well-being locally, nationally and internationally. Learn more about how USC is advancing health. Keck School of Medicine of USC Herman Ostrow School of Dentistry of USC USC Alfred E. Mann School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences USC Mrs. T.H. Chan Division of Occupational Science and Occupational Therapy USC Division of Biokinesiology and Physical Therapy USC Leonard Davis School of Gerontology USC Competes President Carol Folt’s “moonshot” initiatives aim to make USC the international standard-bearer for preeminence at scale, building on the convergence of opportunities and challenges faced by our world and USC’s unique strengths as a big, great, fast, connected university. The USC Competes moonshot aims to make the university the destination of choice that attracts the best and brightest faculty, students and staff in every field. MEET THE STUDENTS 5 things you need to know: Newly minted Trojans SERVING EVERYONE Gender-Affirming Care celebrates 10 years at USC Student Health 25% FIRST-GEN USC’s first-year class is historically diverse Around the University View this post on Instagram A post shared by USC Price School (@uscprice) On International Women’s Day USC Women’s History Month Kickoff Join USC President Carol Folt on International Women’s Day as faculty, staff, students, alumni and community members honor and celebrate women while exploring the theme “Women Who Advocate for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion.” International Women’s Day is dedicated to the celebration of women’s achievements in society, economies, culture, politics and more. Virtual event at noon Friday, March 8 View this post on Instagram A post shared by Trojan Health Hub (@beau_usc) USC Event Calendar Thinking about USC? Explore Our Programs Visit USC University Park Campus (Map) 213-740-2311 Health Sciences Campus (Map) 323-442-2000 Tommy Cam Hecuba Cam About USC Office of the President Office of the Provost Policies and Core Documents Sustainability Economic Impact Patient Care USC Student Health Keck Medicine of USC Request an Appointment Medical Services and Programs Find a Provider Hospital and Clinic Locations Quick Links Commitment to Change Campus Safety Pressroom Careers at USC Events Privacy Notice Notice of Non-Discrimination Digital Accessibility Smoke-Free Policy Copyright © 2024 University of Southern California