Adbusters Media Foundation | Journal of the Mental Environment aboutspoof adsdownloadssubscribemanifesto book Scrolling (by Geo Law) Manifesto for World Revolution Take the plunge Take the plunge OR Get the Book + Mag Combo World Revolution Manifesto + 6 issues of adbusters for $55(Shipping Included) Check it out here Adbusters #171 hits newsstands Worldwidethis week Adbusters #171 is: "The most timely and timeless issue Adbusters has ever produced." "Fiercely nuanced, deeply contextual." "Weaves the thread of the current conflict in the Middle East into the knot of capitalism and colonialism." "This issue can be summed up in the rallying cry of we who refuse to be complicit in genocide: Just stop killing people!" You will be riveted to every page! Get this issue Join the worldwide crusade to #FreeBarghouti Download B&W Poster Here Download Color Poster Here All right you redeemers, rebels and radicals out there,Who knows what will happen over the next few months and years in Israel/Palestine. Will Bibi be tossed into the dustbin of history? Will Hamas be remembered as the group that finally broke the deadlock and gave the people of Palestine a state of their own? Will America and the West go down as the villains who fucked up the Middle East for a hundred years? Anything and everything is possible. And the #FreeBarghouti meme may well emerge triumphant from the churn. Marwan Barghouti could turn out to be, for the Middle East, what Nelson Mandela was for Africa — the catalyst of a beautiful new dawn. Slap this poster up on the nearest bus stop or lamp post. And tell your friends to do the same in their town. A simple act, spreading across the globe, gaining in strength, Friday after Friday after Friday. Until #FreeBarghouti becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy. Read More Hit the red Button for each posterYou Share, put up,or send out Our target: 1 million posters up worldwide by Mayday+1 Poster posters downloaded ‍ ‍ ‍ Rest in Peace "To live is to risk it all. Otherwise, you are just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you." John Berger reads Ghassan Kanafani's 'Letter from Gaza' We woke up on Wednesday to find out Instagram had taken down one of our posts. No reason given. Checkout the post HERE. Well fuck Instagram! Fuck Zuckerberg! Fuck all the mindlords of the internet who, now more than ever, keep poking their noses into the very fabric of our ability to communicate with each other. This has to stop! We the People have to fight back — if we lose our voice, our ability to speak freely, we're not going to have a country anymore. To have any shot at a sane future, we must change things, upend the current internet model, come up with a new way for us humans to talk to each other. Here’s how: We birth a counteroffensive . . . launch the Mental Liberation Front (MLF) . . . a global movement of angry, mindfucked people acting out with feral ferocity and all-out civil disobedience against surveillance capitalism. We go after the mindlords. Mindbomb their platforms, stink bomb their HQs, throw pies in their faces when they venture out, hunt down their lobbyists . . . whatever it takes to bring their surveillance system crashing to the ground. And then on its ashes, we build a new system, one that doesn't mix communications with commercialism — all signal and no commercial noise. Call it . . . FREENET join us The Third Force Terroristor Freedom Fighter? Hamas, at heart, are freedom fighters. There, I said it. And now I'll probably pay for it. Because there are boundaries around how we can talk about Oct 7. You can support the Palestinians: yes. But showing any sympathy at all for Hamas, is beyond the pale — you'll get doxxed, cancelled, vilified as an antisemite and worse. But fuck it, I'll say it anyway: They're freedom fighters!‍ What these young men actually did on Oct 7 was brutal and barbaric and in many cases impossible to defend. But why they did it, that's easier to understand. When you put a certain kind of person in a chokehold for long enough, they go off in ways you're not going to like. Imagine you — and your people — are fenced in, caged up in an open-air prison for sixteen years. You have no hope, no dignity, no future. You're mowed down by remote-control machine guns if you wander too close to the razor-wire fence. Your daily caloric intake is restricted to near-starvation levels. Your children routinely have suicidal thoughts. And there's no light at the end of this — you're trapped like an animal. So what do you do? You burst out of your cage with feral ferocity — you're a barbaric terrorist yes, yes, yes — but fuck it, you're a freedom fighter too.— Kalle Lasn From the upcoming Adbusters 171:Terrorist or Freedom Fighter? Could this be the way out of our climate crisis? In cities around the world, let’s whack this poster up on bus stops, lampposts, bank windows . . . And share this Savior Meme far and wide. Hit the red Button for each posterYou Share, put up,or send out Our target: 1 million posters up worldwide by Mayday+1 Poster posters downloaded Hamza Abu Halima was not a fighter. He was released after being stripped, paraded naked, and tortured.His father, his sister-in-law, and his sister-in-law's children (aged 6 and 3) were all killed by the IDF. Take the Plunge This meme started in São Paulo then went viral worldwide Let the NYT know what you think: Email them: nytnews@nytimes.com pwskingsley@gmail.com patrick.kingsley@nytimes.com thomas.friedman@nytimes.com david.brooks@nytimes.com bret.stephens@nytimes.com Message them on socials: Twitter Facebook Instagram Avner: You people have nothing to bargain with. You'll never get the land back. You'll all die old men in refugee camps, waiting for Palestine. Ali: We have a lot of children. They'll have children. So we can wait forever. And if we need to, we can make the whole planet unsafe for Jews. Avner: You kill Jews, and the world feels bad for them and thinks you animals. Ali: Yes. But then the world will see how they've made us into animals. They'll start to ask questions about the conditions in our cages. The ICJ ruling on provisional measures: - Prevent acts prohibited in the 1948 U.N. genocide convention, including killing Palestinians, causing them serious bodily or mental harm, and “deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part.” - Prevent and punish statements that constitute incitement to genocide against Palestinians in Gaza. - Ensure the provision of basic services and humanitarian aid “to address the adverse conditions of life” in Gaza. - Preserve evidence related to allegations of genocidal acts. - Report back to the court within one month on its compliance with the orders. Unmute Gaza x Greenpeace at the home of Picasso's Guernica A haunting banner hanging outside the museum that homes Picasso’s ‘Guernica’ — depicting the horrors of war and the suffering of its victims. Unmute Gaza and Greenpeace give a stark reminder that we must not let history repeat itself, we must not forget the lessons paid with blood. We must have a ceasefire now! REJECTED by CBC! The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) rejected our 15-second spot criticizing them for their biased coverage of the Israel/Hamas war. They said their Advertising Standards Rulebook prohibited them from accepting “any advertisement that could place the CBC at the centre of a controversy or public debate.” Sounds like standard bureaucratic doublespeak. Email the CBC ombudsman: ombud@cbc.ca or call them at +1 (416) 205-2978 and let them know what you think! This is just the beginning. We're brewing another mindbomb spot to double down and take the CBC to task. canadian broadcasting corporation Makes False Hamas Terror Claim On Tuesday, CBC TV News program, The National, claimed that “Hamas is labelled a terror group by the U.N." Either the CBC has fired their fact-checkers or it's deliberate, because the truth is that it's an outright lie. We demand that the CBC retract their false claim about the UN and Hamas. VICTORY! The CBC backed down and issued their retraction on the evening news. From Issue #170 The Mindlords Issue Get this issue /Subscribe Missed part one?‍Check it out here Missed part one?‍Check it out here From Issue # 170 The Mindlords Issue Get this issue /Subscribe Get the Book + Mag Combo World Revolution Manifesto + 6 issues of adbusters for $55(Shipping Included) Check it out here the New Asceticism When consumer culture collided with the digital environment, something new emerged. Something new but ancient: a plague. Only this one isn’t attacking bodies. It’s attacking minds. We are all addicts now, with devastating mental-health effects. The only way to break the cycle is by voluntarily taking on the pain of doing without. Welcome to the New Asceticism. [PSYCHO] Smooth apes with brains still wired for scarcity are lurching around in a world of plenty. [selfie-click] And by plenty, we’re talking overabundance. Wishes instantly fulfilled. More calories within reach than our ancestors could have chased down in a month. See, life is paradox, and the paradox of plenty is this: You’d think that instantly gratified desires would be a recipe for happiness. But the opposite is true. read more Aesthetico We make the straight line wobble politico we upend the current world order corpo we kill a corp eco we make the price of every producttell the ecological truth econo we move from economics to bionomics capitalismo we reverse the money flows psycho we launch the mental liberation front (MLF) Join the third force collective to receive your weekly Friday briefingstraight to your inbox Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. PLAY The third Force Join the third front to get your weekly Friday briefing straight to your inbox Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. ‍Check Out MindlordsPart two here From Issue # 170 The Mindlords Issue Get this issue /Subscribe ‍Check Out MindlordsPart two here From Issue # 170 The Mindlords Issue Get this issue /Subscribe A Plan for World Revolution in 2024 There are two ways to say “Fuck it.” The first way means: “We’re fucked." Just give up. Go huddle up in the woods somewhere. The second way means the exact opposite. That "Fuck it" is the war cry of the student standing in front of the tank in Tiananmen Square, Ukrainians giving the finger to Putin, Palestinians standing up to marauding settlers in the West Bank. When you have nothing to lose, "Fuck it" takes on weird kind of power. It’s the last great act of furious defiance. We choose Number Two. read more This is where our heads are here at Adbusters, as we roll into this Year of the Dragon. We say: Let’s get together for one last stand. Let’s pool our resources, totally rethink what it is we’re doing here at the tail end of the consumer-capitalist mindfuck, and try to trigger a World Revolution. How? By coming up with a global ritual that is just bewilderingly disruptive, radically out of hand. FUCK-IT-ALLFRIDAYS Here’s the deal: We pick one day of the week and just … take it back. Make it ours. Reclaim it. Repurpose it. Rededicate it to the service of the wild human spirit and a sane, sustainable future. Weekdays we work. Saturdays we party. Sundays we rest. And now, Fridays we turn into a new kind of 21st century holiday: A Global Day of Action. Instead of working, we start the day by staring into the mirror, building up resistance in the circuitry of the heart. And then we hit the streets to sow inspired anarchic bliss. We turn our cities into carnivals, our universities into hotbeds of revolutionary fervor, our supermarkets into staging grounds, our financial districts into fiery zones of contention. We churn everything up! Some of us write poems and shoot them into cyberspace. Others wander around editing media messages, detourning ads, posting ultimatums and manifestos on lampposts, singing in Starbuck's, taking our dog into the bank. Ten years ago, everyone told us we were crazy trying to launch Occupy Wall Street, but it turned out to be one of the most powerful things we’ve ever done. #FuckItAllFridays is an idea like that. It could suddenly fire up the imaginations of activists around the world, break the techno-capitalist trance and thrust our failing civilization in a brave new direction. Or it could flop — but there's never been a better time to try it. ‍ Channeling the malcontent in the air all over the world, we hit the streets on Fridays, injecting a new urgency, a new raucous energy, to our activism. Then we keep picking up the pace, the tempo, the rhythm. Friday after Friday, here there and everywhere, we morph into a 21st century political animals: be fired-up all the time. We come up with a weekly eruption of We the People rage so incessant so visceral that world leaders will have no option but to act on our demands: • Declare a Global Climate Emergency• Halt all subsidies to oil companies• Eliminate all tax havens• Impose a 1% Robin Hood Tax on all stock market transactions and currency trades• Move towards a global marketplace in which the price of every product tells the ecological truth‍ ‍ We zero in on a new grand narrative, a once-in-a-millennium mind shift, a radical set of micromemes, macromemes and metamemes . . . ideas so fundamental, so systemic, so profound that a sane and sustainable future is unthinkable without them. We rewrite the basic code of what it means to be alive today. We hack into the hierarchical, top-down power structures that have ruled the world for thousands of years. We create a new bottom-up mindset, beyond the Left and Right — a new dream, a new way of thinking, a secret so fucking dangerous and beautiful that it opens up all the possibilities for governing ourselves in the future. ‍ Join us . . . let’s get together and play jazz, discover new riffs, turn every Friday into a drumbeat for a new world order. Join us Third Force Collective Now 20,031 strong Adbusters: The Big Ideas of 2024 check out issue 170 here New ways to live, love, and play Check it out Listen to Kalle Lasn reading an excerpt from the book Read the prologue hereTake the Plunge HereTake the plunge Want to understand the theoretical foundations of our movement... GO HERE Lies start wars must have intelligence for the dangerous year aheadText LinkText Link hitting newsstands worldwide Now(Shipping Included) OK Yes! Close X Book + Mag Combo World Revolution Manifesto + 6 issues of adbusters for $55(Shipping Included) Check it out here Close X One of the great epiphanies of my life happened thirty-five years ago in my neighborhood supermarket parking lot. I was plugging a coin into a shopping cart when it suddenly occurred to me just what a dope I was. Here I was putting in my quarter for the privilege of spending money in a store I come to every week but hate, a sterile chain store that rarely offers any locally grown produce and always makes me wait in line to pay. And when I am done shopping, I’d have to take this cart back to the exact spot their efficiency experts have decreed, slide it back in with all the other carts, rehook it, and press a button to get my damn quarter back.A little internal fuse blew. I stopped moving. I glanced around to make sure no one was watching. Then I reached for that big bent coin I’d been carrying around in my pocket and I rammed it as hard as I could into the coin slot. And then with the lucky Buddha charm on my keyring I banged that coin in tight until it jammed. I didn’t stop to analyze whether this was ethical or not — I just let my anger flow. And then I walked away from the supermarket and headed for the little fruit and vegetable store down the road. I felt more alive than I had in months.— Excerpt from the prologue of Manifesto for World Revolutioncontinue the prologue hereGet the book now We want you! Adbusters is looking for people to fight the good fight. Journalist / Writer Adbusters Media Foundation is looking for a seasoned, politically savvy writer with a poetic sensibility to help us with our magazine, website, listservs and campaigns. Full-time, Part-time, Permanent, Freelance Hours: 10-35 per week Salary: up to $50.00 per hour Please send your resume and cover letter to kono@adbusters.org Social Media Manager Adbusters Media Foundation is looking for a seasoned, politically charged Webslinger who can place our most powerful ideas, campaigns and visual memes strategically on the social media. Full-time, Part-time, Permanent, Casual, Freelance Hours: 10-35 per week Salary: up to $50.00 per hour Please send your resume and cover letter to kono@adbusters.org Schizophrenic Superman Watch the other videos here Adbusters is one of a handful of magazines in the world that receives zero funding from advertising (print or online), corporate sponsorship or government/foundation grants. We are entirely reader-supported, allowing us to remain fiercely independent in what we do and say. We operate as a non-profit organization, which means that every dollar we raise through the sales of our magazines and other merchandise goes directly back into our campaigns and the production of the magazine. When you subscribe to Adbusters, you are joining a network of artists and activists committed to speaking truth to power without reservation. Support UsJoin the Third ForceSubscribe to the maga Friend of the foundationBecome a lifetimerGet the next issue for $5Donate to our cause ResourcesAbout UsSpoof adsCulture ShopPsychomediaKalle's MindbombsDownloads Socials © 2024 Adbusters Media Foundation - Privacy Policy