Bozeman Daily Chronicle | Empowering the community Skip to main content Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Site search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout SUBSCRIBE Home E-Edition Email Newsletters Submit News Local Business Directory Ad Circulars Subscribe News City County COVID-19 Crime and Courts Education Environment Business Health Montana Montana State University National Police Reports Politics Strange Wildlife Yellowstone National Park Photos Photo Essays Photo Galleries Opinions Editorial Cartoons Editorials Guest Columns Letters to the Editor Polls Sports Montana State University High School Sports Local Sports American Legion Baseball AP Winter Olympics Sports Betting Guide Outdoors Ruckus TV Listings Videos Church Services Events Local Events Promote Your Event Obituaries Submit an Obituary Magazines Classifieds Jobs Legal Notices Job Search Place Ad Agriculture & Livestock Auctions Employment Garage Sales Merchandise Notices Pets & Supplies Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Real Estate Open Homes Services Transportation Win a Prize! Classifieds Job Search Agriculture & Livestock Auctions Employment Garage Sales Merchandise Notices Pets & Supplies Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Real Estate Open Homes Services Transportation Jobs Homes Place Ad Email Newsletters Local Business Directory Ad Circulars Print Replica Bozeman Daily Chronicle Manage Your Subscription Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Print Replica Print Replica How-To Submit News Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram 27° Cloudy Menu Search Site search Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout SUBSCRIBE Home News Opinions Sports Sports Betting Guide Business Business Briefs Submission People in Business Submission Outdoors Ruckus Features Events Obituaries Contests FREE CAR PAYMENTS FOR A YEAR Magazines Place Ad Climate challenge: 40+ groups petition PSC to consider climate impacts 28 mins ago More than 40 Montana businesses and organizations filed a petition last week to the Public Service Commission to consider climate change in its regulatory decision making. Bozeman schools to ask for $680K in levies on May ballots Patrick Bouman Chronicle Staff Writer 43 mins ago Bozeman Public Schools will ask voters in its district for about $680,000 from two tax levies in the upcoming election. Bozeman mayor changes venues for ‘state of the city’ address Nora Shelly Chronicle Staff Writer 43 mins ago Bozeman Mayor Terry Cunningham is planning to give his state of the city address later this month at several locations throughout the city in … School leaders attribute budget crises to pandemic funding cliff, state funding frustrations Alex Sakariassen Montana Free Press 1 hr ago A wave of major budget cuts is hitting public schools across the state — a situation officials from four of Montana’s largest districts attrib… Let the news come to youGet any of our free daily email newsletters — news headlines, opinion, e-edition, obituaries and more. Explore newsletters Parties still fielding legislative candidates ahead of filing deadline HOLLY MICHELS Lee Newspapers 1 hr ago A third of the races don’t yet have a Democratic candidate, while 20% of contests don’t have a Republican running so far. Prosecutors now believe Megan Stedman was killed by boyfriend in Montana MIKE SUNNUCKS Belgrade News 22 hrs ago Prosecutors said Monday they now believe Megan Ashley Stedman, a Montana woman who went missing in December and was later found dead in her bo… Trending now Livingston's Sax and Fryer shuts down after 140 years Bozeman commissioners to consider severance agreement with city manager DEQ approves 20-year gravel pit for Gallatin Gateway Montana judge strikes down 20-week abortion ban, other abortion laws Bozeman boys suffer first loss, girls end season at Eastern AA Divisional Weekend Read 'Rising tide raises all ships': Montana's thriving craft beer industry top story 'Rising tide raises all ships': Montana's thriving craft beer industry Latest Sports Senior John Olmsted sparks spectacular second-half run as Montana State men beat Weber State in finale 10 hrs ago Of all the possible scenarios for how Monday evening would play out, the spinning wheel of options came to rest on the one that had John Olmst… Montana State women hang on to beat Weber State 14 hrs ago Montana State built a 15-point advantage with 6 minutes, 15 seconds remaining and withstood a 15-2 Weber State run down the stretch to record … Belgrade With two wins, Bozeman's Nathan Neil leads area athletes at West Coast Indoor Track and Field Championships Chronicle Staff Mar 4, 2024 Bozeman High’s Nathan Neil won two races over the weekend at the STCU West Coast Indoor Trac… Prep Hoops Gallatin basketball teams fall in Eastern AA Divisional championship games Braden Shaw Chronicle Staff Writer Mar 2, 2024 Both Gallatin teams will be East No. 2 seeds at the Class AA tournament next week in Missoul… Local Sports Lights Out: Manhattan heats up late to rally past Columbus in Southern B consolation game Dan Chesnet Sports Editor Mar 2, 2024 BILLINGS — With 5 minutes, 54 seconds remaining in the contest Saturday afternoon in First I… Bobcats Women's Basketball Montana State women battle league-leading Eastern Washington but lose at the buzzer Parker Cotton Chronicle Sports Editor Mar 2, 2024 “We bounced back, we had the energy about us, our defense did what it needed to do. I just t… Bobcats Men's Basketball Montana State men lose 'chippy' game at Eastern Washington in overtime MSU Sports Information and 406mtsports.com Mar 2, 2024 “It’s always a chippy game against (MSU). ... It just seems like one of those teams that the… Latest E-Edition Bozeman Daily Chronicle Bozeman Daily Chronicle Manage your subscription E-Edition E-Editions Homepage Report Trouble Print Edition Subscribe Latest National Haitian prime minister lands in Puerto Rico as he tries to return home to quell gang violence The Latest | An-ex Biden supporter votes 'no preference' over Israel war stance MT Missoula MT Zone Forecast ID Missoula MT Zone Forecast The Lens On the rise: Outdoor music at the Tippet Rise Art Center On the rise: Outdoor music at the Tippet Rise Art Center Photo Essays Support local journalismNow, more than ever, the world needs trustworthy reporting—but good journalism isn’t free. Please support us by making a contribution. Contribute Local News Bozeman schools asking for feedback on changes to strategic plan PSC districts likely gerrymandered, judge rules Bozeman hiring for dozens of summer worker positions Republicans filing for Montana Public Service Commission, Democrats pledge to do so Montana’s public virtual school releases guidebook to help educators incorporate AI Gallatin Valley Earth Day to host free wildfire awareness event Tuesday Livingston's Sax and Fryer shuts down after 140 years Local News Opinions Letter to the editor: Enough with out-of-state millionaires in Montana politics Letter to the editor: Commissioners got it right with black bear vote Guest column: The first step to ending hunger in Montana? Understand the challenge Guest column: Divided government isn’t always a bad thing Editorial: Kudos to those standing up for our limited resources against those with unlimited resources Letter to the editor: Maybe developments should have environmental impact assessments Letter to the editor: Are Republicans capable of doing the hard work of governing? Malloy: Don't say that I didn't warn you about this Letter to the editor: Sheehy's extreme position on Montana's public lands Letter to the editor: But why is a sales tax completely off the table? Letters Columns Editorials Sports Montana State women hang on to beat Weber State Montana State golf has record-breaking week in Arizona Six Montana State skiers earn All-RMISA honors Montana State ski team places fourth at RMISA Championships after women sweep Nordic titles Montana State track and field teams place second at Big Sky Indoor Championships Fouls, rebounds hurt Montana State Bobcats in loss to last-place Sacramento State Montana State women clamp down on hot-shooting Sacramento State to earn road win Sports Poll Do you support the Belgrade School District's $60.5M school bond? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back Features Menanno teaches us how to love in new book Rachel Hergett For the Chronicle Menanno teaches us how to love in new book “Born With Teeth” explores Shakespearean history Rachel Hergett For the Chronicle “Born With Teeth” explores Shakespearean history Lantern parade bringing light to darkness Rachel Hergett For the Chronicle Lantern parade bringing light to darkness How to survive a lackluster winter: Ditch the low snow for a 500-mile bike tour Samuel Wilson Chronicle Photographer How to survive a lackluster winter: Ditch the low snow for a 500-mile bike tour '17 perspectives': Musical 'Songs for a New World' is a series of short stories Rachel Hergett For the Chronicle '17 perspectives': Musical 'Songs for a New World' is a series of short stories Photo Galleries Everyday People Local Events Nation Politics The Latest | An-ex Biden supporter votes 'no preference' over Israel war stance Updated 22 mins ago Marwa Osman voted “no preference” in Boston on Tuesday to protest President Joe Biden’s policy toward the Israel-Hamas war. Osman says she opposes sending any U.S. aid to Israel, which has waged a devastating offensive in the Gaza Strip since Hamas militants raided southern Israel and seized hostages on Oct. 7. Osman wants the president to support a full ceasefire in Gaza. She says she feels ”betrayed" by Biden. And if the administration doesn’t change its policy toward the war, Osman says she is considering sitting out the November election. Associated Press Nashville cleared the runway for an emergency. Pilot said 'I'm too far away' Updated 23 mins ago Business Biden administration would cap credit card late fees at $8, part of campaign against junk fees Updated 48 mins ago Associated Press Alabama lawmakers advance legislation to protect IVF providers, with final approval still ahead Updated 49 mins ago Business The Latest | Israel unveils plan for Muslims visiting Al-Aqsa Mosque during Ramadan Updated 1 hr ago Montana US World Strange Politics Submit News The Chronicle is your newspaper. Help us keep it full of local news. Share story ideas with the newsroom. Submit News Photo Galleries Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Weber State men's basketball Samuel Wilson Chronicle Photographer Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Weber State men's basketball Photo Gallery: Brawl of the Wild basketball Samuel Wilson Chronicle Photographer Photo Gallery: Brawl of the Wild basketball Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Montana men's basketball Samuel Wilson Chronicle Photographer Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Montana men's basketball Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Montana women's basketball Samuel Wilson Chronicle Photographer Photo Gallery: Montana State vs. Montana women's basketball Featured Businesses Find a local business Recent Ads HORN HUNTERS, HIKERS, HUNTERS, LIKE $635 Updated 12 hrs ago REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP) Feb 28, 2024 NOT EVERYONE TRAPPED BY ALCOHOL IS Mar 3, 2024 Newspaper Ads Backyard Cleaners Quality Contracting ELEMENT LAW SERVICE Fixit Solutions Handyman Professional Holmes Construction Bulletin In case you missed it Business Federal court lifts Obama-era ban on coal leasing on federal land The Ninth District Court of Appeals threw out a case last week involving a moratorium for coal leasing on federal land. The decision was appla… Bozeman Daily Chronicle 2820 West College Bozeman, MT 59718 Phone 406-587-4491 Email address citydesk@dailychronicle.com Email address mtservice@news-mt.com Services Contact Us About the Chronicle Staff Directory Manage Your Subscription Submit Photos Subscriptions E-Edition Where to Buy the Chronicle Report Website Trouble Archives Dealer Returns Follow the Chronicle Everywhere Sections News Blogs Local Events Calendar Milestones Obituaries Opinions Outdoors Photo Gallery Police Reports Sports Subscribe to the Chronicle online for as low as $16.90/mo.Introductory offer for new subscribers only. Get full access to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle's award-winning news and sports coverage, as well as arts and entertainment, opinions and more. Subscribe today! Subscribe ArchiveSearch the complete digital archives for all papers in the Pioneer News Group. Visit the Archives Get in touch with the Chronicle Common Submissions Submit News Report Sports Scores/Stats Send a Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit an Obituary Promote Your Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Display Ad Statewide Advertising Business-Related Submit to People in Business Submit a Sunday Business Brief Milestones Announcements Births School News Military News Missions Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Common Submissions Submit News Report Sports Scores Send a Letter to the Editor Place an Obituary Add a Calendar Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Display Ad Business Related Submit to People in Business Submit a Sunday Business Brief Milestones Announcements Births School News Military News Missions Engagements Weddings Anniversaries × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Bozeman Daily Chronicle 2820 West College, Bozeman, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Top Stories Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Sports Subscribe Ruckus Subscribe