RDA | Research Data Sharing without barriers Building the social and technical bridges to enable open sharing and re-use of dataRDA EURDA USCONTACT US LOGINREGISTRATION 80 O&A Members Active Organisational & Affiliate members Members: 14265 MEMBERSHIP Becoming a member of RDA is simple and open to both individuals and organizations Register now WG & IGs: 108 RDA Groups Discover what RDA Working and Interest Groups and all other Groups are up to and find out how to join them. Explore Groups About RDA The Research Data AllianceWith over 14000 individual members from 150+ countries, RDA provides a neutral space where its members can come together to develop and adopt infrastructure that promotes data-sharing and data-driven research RDA in a Nutshell Who is RDA? RDA Foundation RDA for Newcomers Our Funders Code of Conduct RDA Guidance on AI Tools Usage Member Focus Articles Communication Kit RDA Pathways Organisational Bodies RDA Council RDA Council Subgroups RDA Council Election Candidates 2024 RDA Council Member Elections 2024 RDA Funders Forum RDA Organisational Advisory Board RDA Regional Advisory Board RDA Technical Advisory Board RDA Secretary General RDA Secretariat RDA Strategic Plan 2020 - 2023 RDA Strategic Plan 2024 - 2028 RDA Financial Sustainability Get involved MembershipOrganisational membership Organisational & Affiliate Members Become an Organisational Member The Value of RDA for... COVID-19 Funders Individuals Industry Infrastructure Providers Libraries Organisations performing Research Regions Student/Early Career Programs The European Open Science Cloud (EOSC) Calling RDA Community Request for Comments RDA - EOSC Future Project RDA TIGER Groups RDA Working and Interest GroupsThe Research Data Alliance accomplishes its mission primarily through Working and Interest Groups. Discover all of them and learn how to join. Find your Group by topic & discipline Creating and Managing RDA Groups Creating or Joining an RDA Working Group WG Case Statement Process Creating or Joining an RDA Interest Group Creating or Joining a Community of Practice Group Chairs: Roles and Responsibilities Birds of a Feather Find a Group All Groups Working Groups Interest Groups Historical Groups Coordination Groups National Groups Communities of Practice Recommendations & Outputs RDA SolutionsRDA Outputs are the technical and social infrastructure solutions that enable data sharing, exchange and interoperability Discover them all NEW! Recommendations & outputs catalogue Adoption Use Cases Adoption Stories RDA Europe Adoption Grants Standards Interest in RDA Recommendations RDA Outputs Processes RDA for Disciplines RDA domain researchThis whiteboard is open to all RDA discipline specialists willing to give a personal account of what data-related challenges they are facing and how RDA is helping them Find your discipline Agriculture Biodiversity Biomedical Sciences Chemistry Digital Humanities Interdisciplinary research Librarianship, Archival Science and Information Science Linguistics Social Sciences RDA and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Scholarly Communication Engineering and technology RDA and the Natural Sciences RDA Domain Ambassadors Plenaries & Events Plenaries Next Planned Past Training & Webinars Upcoming webinars Past webinars RDA Remote Meeting Guide Podcasts Events RDA Meetings & Events Other meeting & events WG/IG Collaborative Meetings Past Events A Decade of Data: Celebrating 10 Years of the Research Data Alliance Community Cross-fertilisation Workshops News & Media News & Articles RDA Newsletter Reports & Publications Blogs RDA Videos Joint Statements Podcasts RDA Council Member Elections 2024 RDA Council - responsible for the overall oversight, success, strategy and sustainability of the RDA Council Election Candidates Voting Open Thursday 29 February to Friday 22 March 2024 RDA's 22nd Plenary Meeting ''Local Action - Global Connection'' 14-23 May 2024, Fully Virtual Programme Overview Available! Early Bird Registration Open! Community Review: Request for Comments Now Open Collections as Data IG (revived charter from Archives and Records Professionals for Research Data IG) Deadline 20 March 2024 See the RDA's 10th Anniversary Highlights! Looking back on 2023... Read the RDA's fifth Strategic Plan RDA gets selected as an open infrastructure to be included in the SCOSS 5th funding cycle. Ready, Steady, Pledge your support for RDA! RDA TIGER Open Call for Support Services Watch the recorded webinar Find out more and Apply! Remembering Sarah Jones RDA STATEMENT ON CONFLICT: The Research Data Alliance is a global organization with over 14,000 members from 150 countries, and is built on principles that include openness, inclusivity and transparency. The Council is the main governing body of RDA, and would like to express its concern and sympathy for our colleagues and fellow researchers in all areas of the world where there is conflict, as we join other organizations across the international research community in calling for a quick and peaceful resolution to conflict. News & Events From Theory to Practice: Case Studies and Commenta... 31/03/2024 This paper was published by Digital Science, Figshare and Springer Nature, following the release of their State of Open Data Report 2023 and its key recommendations. RatSWD [German Data Forum] Announces Publication t... 31/03/2024 This publication was written by RDA’s organisational member, German Data Forum (RatSWD) and its working group "Challenges in the scientific collection and use of unstructured data”. Registration Now Open For RDA’s Virtual Plenary 22... 31/05/2024 – Also Launches Equality and Diversity Programme for RDA Plenaries – RDA Council Elections Voting Open 22/03/2024 Following the call for nominations in December 2023 for three open RDA Council positions, the Council Nominations Committee reviewed the submissions received. Four nominees were deemed eligible to enter the 2024 Council elections to be voted on by the RDA community: International FAIR Digital Objects Implementation... 20/03/2024 to 21/03/2024 March 20-21, 2024 Berlin Request for Comments Ongoing! Request for comments ongoing! Collections as Data IG Charter (transitioning from Archives and Records Professionals for Research Data IG) Until Wednesday, 20 March, 2024 The Value of RDA for Individuals Organisations performing Research Students & Early Careers Infrastructure Providers Funders Libraries European Open Science Cloud Regions Covid-19 A Data Hungry Research Field RDA Adoption stories - watch the playlist Recent blog postsFAIRPoints and Inclusive Community Engagement: The RDA Ambassador Experience Knowledge Networks via the Community Cross-fertilisation Workshops IDW from a Student's Perspective Repository Services - developing trust in the ecosystem MoreRecent Group Activity WorldFAIR Project Deliverables Published! By: IGAD Community of Practice Dear all I am delighted to share our Agricultural Biodiversity Case Study Deliverables: 107 WORKING AND INTEREST GROUPS RDA is a pragmatic and agile organization, and through the work of its Working and Interest Groups, directly and logically tackles numerous data infrastructure challenges Explore RDA Groups 100 RECOMMENDATIONS & OUTPUTS RDA Outputs are the technical and social infrastructure solutions that enable data sharing, exchange and interoperability Discover them all Latest Output RDA Common Descriptive Attributes of Research Data Repositories Adoption Stories 39 Hints to Facilitate the Use of Semantics for Data on Agriculture the Nutrition https://www.rd-alliance.org/rda-disciplines/rda-europe-ambassadorsThe Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) adoption story. Discover them all The Value of RDA for Regions An RDA Region is loosely defined as a “national level” geographic entity or consortium of “national-level” entities, and is intended to be broadly representative. Read more News from the Regions 15/01/2024 - Join the RDA Europe team! The RDA Europe team is growing and we have several new roles open to join our team. 20/11/2022 - European support for RDA returns with... The European Research Data Alliance Association (RDA-A) is happy to introduce a new support services project 12/09/2022 - Contribute to the EOSC Symposium 2022... Last year, the Council of Europe defined the specific policy priorities of 2022-2024 for the establishment of the New 28/09/2020 - How to Manage Research Data. The hand... Europe As part of the RDA Europe 4.0 project, SRCE - University of Zagreb University Computing Centre become the Croatian national RDA node in 2019. In cooperation with the librarians... 11/09/2020 - Data, data – Big Data! And What? Rese... Europe The idea of ​​open access to research data is wonderful and in harmony with the new paradigm - Open Science. Access to the data is possible for all researchers, system-... 21/08/2020 - CARE principles for Indigenous Data G... Australia The work of the RDA Indigenous Data Sovereignty Interest Group is cited as part of CSIRO's contribution to the Indigenous Evaluation Strategy of the Australian Government,... 22/07/2020 - The RDA Community called to contribut... Europe On 20th July, the EOSC Executive Board published an open consultation on the EOSC Strategic Research and Innovation Agenda (SRIA). The consultation, which closes on 31st of... 03/06/2020 - Take part in the TRIPLE survey to sup... Europe The TRIPLE projectis inviting all RDA members to take part in its User Research Survey 18/05/2020 - Survey of Open Access (OA) Open Scien... Europe OA & OS Infrastructure (OSI) is defined as sets of services, protocols, standards and software contributing to the research lifecycle – from collaboration and... 12/05/2020 - The Research Data Alliance contributi... Europe The RDA platform is being significantly leveraged in the creation of the European Open Science Cloud (EOSC). A report issued by RDA Europe 4.0 project describes the key finding... 27/02/2020 - Persistent Identifier Policy, Rules o... Europe Several documents are out for consultation from the EOSC Executive Board, a body of representatives from the research and e-infrastructures communities, appointed by the... 18/11/2019 - EOSC meets the research data internat... Europe On the 22nd of October 2019, the University of Aalto, Helsinki, Finland hosted the first EOSC event of 2019: The International Research Data Community contributing to EOSC. The... 07/11/2019 - RDA EU Travel grants for the 15th RDA... Europe RDA Europe is offering up to 7 Early Careers and 5 Experts grants designed to support participation to the 15th RDA Plenary meeting (18-20 March 2020, Melbourne, Australia).... 29/08/2019 - FAIRsFAIR Open Consultation on FAIR D... Europe The FAIR principles are about making research data Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable. 18/07/2019 - Position open for a Research Developm... US The University of Arizona, one of RDA Organizational Members, is seeking to fill a Research Development Associate (RDA) in Research Development Services (RDS). 17/07/2019 - Final call for European Organisations... Europe RDA Europe, the European plug-in to the Research Data Alliance, is expanding its network of national nodes. Currently nineteen, (Austria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Croatia,... 10/07/2019 - Research Data Alliance meet and greet... Australia Ahead of the first Australian RDA plenary in 2020, the RDA and the Australian Research Data Commons (ARDC) are collaborating to present an “RDA meet and greet tour” in... 04/07/2019 - Vacancy: Head of Data Services for Wa... US Recruitment has begun for the position of Head of Data Services for Washington University Libraries. The incumbent will report to the Associate University Librarian for Digital... 21/05/2019 - RDA EU Ambassadors deadline extended:... Europe RDA EU Ambassadors Grants Call for applications: deadline extended until May 27, 2019. 28/03/2019 - Data Management Plans (DMP) Community... Australia and Oceania This Data Management Plans (DMP) Community of Practice is targeted at people in Australia and the wider Oceania region who are interested in discussing, building and improving... 07/03/2019 - Services to Support FAIR Data: a seri... Europe OpenAIRE, RDA Europe, FAIRsFAIR and EOSC-hub are happy to announce a series of three workshops, two in April and one in September, called ‘Services to Support FAIR Data’. The... 19/02/2019 - Widening engagement and bringing forw... Europe Agricultural sciences, Engineering, Earth Sciences or High energy physics, these are just a set of the domains that have Ambassadors appointed under the umbrella of the... 15/02/2019 - Webinar on the What, Why and how of t... Europe On February 21 at 2.00 PM CET, RDA Europe 4.0 organises a Q&A webinar to give a detailed overview of Adoption Grants programmes and the application process for the grants,... 22/01/2019 - AOSP Releases New Report: The Future... Africa In March 2018, the first version of this document was developed as a result of an expert group meeting held in Pretoria. Resulting amendments were then incorporated into this... 20/12/2018 - And the winners are…. Meet RDA Europe... Europe RDA Europe is pleased to announce the results of the first call for new RDA Europe national nodes. We were delighted to receive ten applications, four of which were very strong... 19/12/2018 - RDA EU open calls for Early Careers,... Europe RDA Europe 4.0, as the European plug-in to RDA, currently has 3 open calls to support growing the community of research data experts and practitioners. RDA Europe offers... 07/09/2018 - Whole Tale - RDA/US Fellowship Call f... USA The Whole Tale project, in cooperation with the US region of the Research Data Alliance (RDA/US) and its early career fellowship program RDA/US Data Share, invites applications... Latest posts from the National Groups Participation à la réunion plénière de la RDA By: RDA in France Survey on `Open Access` - small request for filling in a questionnaire By: Social Science Research Data IG , By: RDA in Romania , By: RDA COVID-19 , By: RDA-COVID19-Social-Sciences Atelier Certification du 11 mars - Data limite d'inscription le 6 mars By: RDA in France RDA FOR DISCIPLINES The “RDA for disciplines” whiteboard is open to all RDA discipline specialists willing to give a personal account of what data-related challenges they are facing and how RDA is helping them. Find your discipline RDA and the Digital Humanities With the development of digital humanities research practice, the humanities domain is producing... RDA and Agriculture Agricultural data have become increasingly important for the national and global development and... RDA and Librarianship, Archival Science and Information Science The Research Data Alliance builds the social and technical bridges that enable open sharing of... RDA and the Biomedical Sciences Biomedical sciences are a set of applied sciences, employing portions of natural or formal... RDA and the Social Sciences RDA and Scholarly Communication Many of the RDA’s group activities have concentrated on ways to support data’s discoverability,... RDA and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are 17 global goals, with 169 associated targets, that... RDA for Interdisciplinary research When it comes to solving global problems (COVID-19 crisis, SDG / Sustainable Development... Natural Sciences Welcome to the Earth, Space, and Environmental Sciences section of RDA... RDA and Chemistry Chemical research data is fundamentally the most important product that chemists create as it... RDA and Linguistics Data are fundamental to the field of linguistics. Examples drawn from natural languages provide... RDA and Biodiversity Many organisms move across borders or have a global distribution. In the discipline of... Engineering and technology Next Planned Past PLENARIES RDA 22nd Plenary Meeting - Fully Virtual RDA's 22nd Plenary Meeting (Fully Virtual) “Local Action - Global Connection” 14-23 May 2024 About Who is RDA? RDA Foundation RDA for Newcomers Our Funders Code of ConductRDA Guidance on AI Tools Usage Member Focus Articles Communication Kit RDA Pathways Organisational BodiesRDA Council RDA Funders Forum RDA Organisational Advisory Board RDA Regional Advisory Board RDA Technical Advisory Board RDA Secretary General RDA Secretariat RDA Strategic Plan 2020 - 2023 RDA Strategic Plan 2024 - 2028 RDA Financial Sustainability Get Involved The Value of RDA for...COVID-19 Funders Individuals Industry Infrastructure Providers Libraries Organisations performing Research Regions Student/Early Career Programs The European Open Science Cloud (EOSC) Calling RDA CommunityRequest for Comments RDA - EOSC Future Project RDA TIGER RDA for Disciplines Agriculture Biodiversity Biomedical Sciences Chemistry Digital Humanities Interdisciplinary research Librarianship, Archival Science and Information Science Linguistics RDA and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Social Sciences Scholarly Communication Engineering and technology RDA and the Natural Sciences RDA Domain Ambassadors Groups Creating and Managing RDA Groups All Groups Working Groups Interest Groups Historical Groups Coordination Groups National Groups Communities of Practice Recommendations & Output NEW! Recommendations & outputs catalogue Adoption Use Cases Adoption Stories RDA Europe Adoption Grants Standards Interest in RDA Recommendations RDA Outputs Processes Plenaries & Events PlenariesNext Planned Past Training & WebinarsUpcoming webinars Past webinars Podcasts RDA Remote Meeting Guide EventsRDA Meetings & Events Other meeting & events WG/IG Collaborative Meetings Past Events A Decade of Data: Celebrating 10 Years of the Research Data Alliance News & Media News & Articles RDA Newsletter Reports & Publications Blogs RDA Videos Joint Statements Podcasts The Research Data Alliance is supported by the European Commission, the National Science Foundation and other U.S. agencies, and the Australian Government. | Privacy Policy | Terms of use / Copyright