Home | Florida State Parks Skip to main content Florida State Parks Florida Department of Environmental Protection Main Menu Plan your visit Accessibility FAQs Fees Rules & Regulations Camping & Lodging Find a Park Learn Newsletter Resources Experiences & Amenities Educational Opportunities Programs Research & Collecting Get Involved Events Search Camping & Lodging Shop Healthy Hearts at State Parks Learn more. Prescribed Fire Awareness Learn more. Drop a Hook Learn More Overnight Reservations for Florida Residents Learn more. We’re Hiring Join Our Team Volunteers Needed Become a Volunteer Show Your Support of State Parks Learn More About Our Specialty License Plate Featured Message from the Director Hiking and heart health go hand in hand. Let's Go Glamping Glamping is glamorous camping. It’s a relaxing way to experience the outdoors in luxury. Our partners offer special glamping experiences at several Florida state parks. REFILL YOUR WATER BOTTLE Staying hydrated is key when you visit a state park – but so is protecting the planet! Learn Outdoor Florida Webinar Series Calling all outdoor enthusiasts! Join the Office of Greenways and Trails for the monthly Outdoor Florida webinar series. Hear from a variety of experts on topics in recreation, trails and more. Initiative Planning for the Future of Florida Recreation The Florida Park Service plans for the future of recreation in Florida. We work with local governments, park users, scientists, recreation providers and non-governmental organizations to ensure that Floridians have access to safe, well-managed parks, trails and public lands. Learn Park Admission - Online Payment Visitors may purchase their admission single-use day pass online ahead of their visit instead of paying at the park. Be sure to bring your confirmation email/receipt with you to the park (either a printed copy of your receipt or a digital copy) at the time of your visit. Find your perfect park destination View Parks A Park for Everyone See All Parks Florida Caverns State Park One of Florida’s first state parks, the otherworldly Florida Caverns offers visitors the opportunity to go underground and experience a part of the state that few know exists. 3345 Caverns Road Marianna FL 32446 Ichetucknee Springs State Park Cool off as you drift down the Ichetucknee, a unique spring-fed river where you can relax as you experience the real Florida. The crystal-clear Ichetucknee River flows 6 miles through shaded hammocks and wetlands before it joins the Santa Fe River. 12087 S.W. U.S. Highway 27 Fort White FL 32038 Jonathan Dickinson State Park Sixteen distinct natural communities create the mosaic that is Jonathan Dickinson, the largest state park in Southeast Florida. Rare environments as well as the pristine Loxahatchee River make this park a unique spot to explore on land or by water. 16450 S.E. Federal Highway Hobe Sound FL 33455 People Make the Parks Staff Spotlight Congratulations to Chris Oliver for receiving the 2022 Resource Manager of the Year Award. Volunteer Spotlight: Madison Carmody Madison Carmody is one of the youngest registered resident volunteers Oleta River State Park has ever had. Friends Spotlight The Florida State Parks Foundation coordinates the Yellow Buses in the Parks Project, which provides opportunities for classes to experience state parks near them. Initiative Follow Us on Social Media Florida State Parks maintains an active presence on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and more. Stay in the know and subscribe to our feeds. Page Join Our E-Newsletter Get the insider scoop on Florida State Parks and trails. Our monthly state parks newsletter and quarterly trails newsletter highlight great events and stories from across the state. Things to Know Book Your Overnight Stay The Real Florida is waiting for you! We recently changed our reservation system, so the process may look a little different when you book a cabin or campsite at our Florida State Parks. Skip the Straw Plastic straws are one of the many single-use plastics that litter beaches, pollute oceans and harm wildlife. To preserve natural resources and keep Florida’s environment free of pollutants, DEP encourages residents and visitors to Skip the Straw! Annual Pass A Florida State Parks Annual Pass allows frequent visitors to enjoy parks for pennies a day! Annual Passes can be purchased a variety of ways and are available for individuals or families. Share Your Park Experiences #FLStateParks Plan your adventures to Florida's 175 award-winning state parks, trails and historic sites. Florida State Parks Main Menu Plan your visit Accessibility FAQs Fees Rules & Regulations Camping & Lodging Find a Park Learn Newsletter Resources Experiences & Amenities Educational Opportunities Programs Research & Collecting Get Involved Events Have Questions? Contact the Statewide Information Line: (850) 245-2157 Or send an email to:FSP.Feedback@FloridaDEP.gov Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest You Tube © Copyright 2024 © Copyright 2018 Florida Department of Environmental Protection. Customer Survey Disclaimer Privacy Policy Website Login