History News Network With support from the University of Richmond History News Network puts current events into historical perspective. Subscribe to our newsletter for new perspectives on the ways history continues to resonate in the present. Explore our archive of thousands of original op-eds and curated stories from around the web. Join us to learn more about the past, now. Sign up for the HNN Newsletter About Submissions Follow Us: In the Newsletter A Brief History of License Plates February 13, 2024 Will the Sun Ever Set on the Colony? February 27, 2024 A Historian’s Conversations With His Younger Scholarly Selves History Around the Web Connected via First Person When Your Childhood Belongs to Everyone: Growing Up in a Manhattan That Changed Forever on 9/11 Loft life above the Fulton Fish Market and the day that everything changed. Literary Hub Comparison Biden Is Repeating Bush’s Post-9/11 Playbook. It’s Not Working. Like his predecessor, the president is decrying anti-Arab and Muslim hatred while helping fuel it. People are refusing to let him get away with this hypocrisy. The Nation Dispatch Landmarking The Black Panther Party In Chicago, preservationists have launched an unusual effort to explore the radical history of the 1960s civil rights group through the city’s built environment. CityLab Film Review “Freedom on My Mind”: A Symphony of Voices for Civil Rights This 1994 documentary brings the passions and agonies of Mississippi’s voter-registration drive into the present tense. The New Yorker Vignette Presidents Day, Meet Black History Month Remembering an exchange between George Washington and the poet Phillis Wheatley. The Dispatch Obituary Kissinger Revisited The former secretary of state is responsible for virtually every American geopolitical disaster of the past half-century. The American Prospect exhibit Doing Black History Exploring the ways that African American history has been learned and taught in schools, museums, and popular culture. From the HNN Archive Is Trump too Old to Be President? Ronald L. Feinman Playing to the Cameras Kathryn Cramer Brownell The Eternal Inflation of the Spotless Grade Christopher Deutsch Copyright 2024. All rights reserved. Subscribe to the Newsletter Brought to you by