Green Tea Press – Free books by Allen B. Downey Skip to content Green Tea Press Free books by Allen B. Downey Menu and widgets Order Probably Overthinking It from the publisher and use the code UCPNEW for 30% off. You can also order from Amazon or, if you want to support independent bookstores, from Bookshop.org. Read My BlogIf you like my books, you might also like my blog about data science and Bayesian statistics, Probably Overthinking It. Search for: Green Tea books available from other publishers Modeling and Simulation in Python Think Bayes Think Java 2e Think Data Structures Think Python 2e Think Stats 2e Think Complexity 2e Think DSP If you would like to make a contribution to support my books, you can use the button below and pay with PayPal. Thank you! Choose an amount: Small $2.00 USD Medium $5.00 USD Large $10.00 USD X-Large $20.00 USD XX-Large $50.00 USD Home Welcome to Green Tea Press, publisher of Think Python, Think Bayes, and other books by Allen Downey. Read our Textbook Manifesto. Free Books! All of our books are available under free licenses that allow you to copy and distribute the text; you are also free to modify it, so you can adapt the books to different needs and help develop new material. These books are available in a variety of electronic formats; some are also for sale in hard copy. Python Think Python 2e: How To Think Like a Computer Scientist An introduction to programming using Python, one of the best programming languages for beginners. The second edition uses Python 3. Think Python third edition To be published by O’Reilly Media in 2024. You can read the draft now! Data Structures and Information Retrieval in Python The best of the data structures curriculum organized around a motivating example: building a search engine. Data Science in Python Elements of Data Science An introduction to data science designed for people with no programming experience, this book presents a small, powerful subset of Python that allows you to do real work in data science as quickly as possible. It includes Jupyter notebooks where you can read the text, run the code, and work on exercises to practice what you learn. Think Bayes 2e: Bayesian Statistics in Python An introduction to Bayesian statistics using simple Python programs instead of complicated math. Think Stats, 2e: Exploratory Data Analysis An introduction to exploratory data analysis. Like the first edition, this book emphasizes simple computational tools for exploring real data. It includes several new topics, including regression, time series analysis, and survival analysis. It presents basic use of NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, and StatsModels. Astronomical Data in Python An introduction to tools and practices for working with astronomical data. Topics covered include SQL queries with complex joins, Astropy and Pandas, coordinates and other quantities with units, and visualizing data. This book includes Jupyter notebooks where you can read the text, run the code, and work on exercises to practice what you learn. Think DSP: Digital Signal Processing in Python An introduction to digital signal processing with applications to sound and image processing. Think Complexity 2e: Exploring Complexity Science with Python An introduction to complexity science, which includes small-world graphs, scale-free networks, cellular automata, fractals and pink noise, self-organized criticality, and agent-based models. Java Think Java: How To Think Like a Computer Scientist New edition, revised and updated by Chris Mayfield and Allen Downey, and published by O’Reilly Media. Think Data Structures: Algorithms and Information Retrieval in Java Build your own Web search engine—including a crawler, indexer, and search interface—while learning about data structures and algorithms in Java. Physical modeling Modeling and Simulation in Python Models of discrete systems, like population growth, first-order systems, like epidemics and thermal systems, and second-order systems, like mechanics. Designed for people who have not programmed before. This book includes Jupyter notebooks where you can read the text, run the code, and work on exercises to practice what you learned. Physical Modeling in MATLAB Use MATLAB to predict and explain the behavior of physical systems. Intended for people with no programming experience. Operating systems Think OS: A Brief Introduction to Operating Systems An introduction to Operating Systems for programmers. Uses the C programming language. The Little Book of Semaphores Learn about software synchronization by solving a series of puzzles. How to Think… How to Think Like a Computer Scientist is an introductory programming book for people who have never programmed before, available for several programming languages: Think C++: How To Think Like a Computer Scientist How To Think Like a (Functional) Programmer: OCaml Version Python for Software Design: How To Think Like a Computer Scientist How To Think Like a Computer Scientist: Learning with Python (this book has now been replaced by Think Python). About free books If you are thinking about writing a free book, here are reasons you should and suggestions about how: Free Books: Why Not?. Privacy Policy Proudly powered by WordPress