TweakTown: Latest Worldwide Tech News & Game Reviews Celebrating 25 years of tech publishing!NewsAll NewsBusiness, Financial & LegalCases, Cooling & PSUContests & GiveawaysCPU, APU & ChipsetsDealsDisplays & ProjectorsGamingMotherboardsScience, Space, Health & RoboticsStorageVideo Cards & GPUsVirtual & Augmented RealityReviews & ArticlesAll ReviewsAll ArticlesAudio, Sound & SpeakersCases, Cooling & PSUCPUs, Chipsets & SoCsComputer SystemsDisplays & ProjectorsGamingMotherboardsNetworkingPeripheralsRAMStorageVideo Cards & GPUsGuidesGamingGPUsSSDsNewsletterAboutForumsContactTT ShowPlayStation 6AMD Zen 5GTA 6PlayStation 5 ProRTX 4060RTX 4090RTX 4070TT Show Episode 24 - AMD strikes back, Reddit sells user data, PlayStation in trouble GIGABYTE AORUS Z790 Master X Motherboard Review GIGABYTE's AORUS Z790 Master X motherboard is a feature-packed mid-range offering which managed to really impress us during our benchmarking. TT Show Episode 24 - AMD strikes back, Reddit sells user data, PlayStation in trouble Super Mario Bros. (1993) 4K Blu-ray Review be quiet! Straight Power 12 1000w ATX 3.0 80 PLUS Platinum PSU Review MSI MEG Z790 Godlike Max Motherboard Review Sapphire NITRO+ Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review - AMD Strikes Back be quiet! Shadow Base 800 Mid-Tower Chassis Review Show Next 6 > TT Show Episode 24 - AMD strikes back, Reddit sells user data, PlayStation in trouble Kosta Andreadis | TweakTown | Mar 1, 2024 1:02 AM CST The TT Show is back with another week of looking at some of the top stories in tech, gaming, and science, with this week kicking off with yet another GPU launch - this time from AMD. The 'new' Radeon RX 7900 GRE or Golden Rabbit Edition sees the former China exclusive get a global release with a competitive price point. Performance-wise, it goes toe-to-toe with NVIDIA's GeForce RTX 4070 SUPER.Kosta and Jak also look into some of the hot stories surrounding AI, from Reddit selling all its user data to Google for AI training to Microsoft putting AI in charge of rolling out major Windows updates.Plus, some fun stuff, including one of the rarest games from the 8-bit era, 'The Legend of Zelda' going up for auction with the seller not knowing how much it was worth, and NASA and the U.S. successfully landed a vehicle on the moon's surface. Something it hasn't done since the 1970s! Continue reading: TT Show Episode 24 - AMD strikes back, Reddit sells user data, PlayStation in trouble (full post) Elon Musk sued for $128 million by former Twitter executives Jak Connor | Science, Space, Health & Robotics | Mar 5, 2024 3:12 AM CST Four former Twitter executives have filed a lawsuit against X owner Elon Musk, claiming they haven't received the appropriate severance package following their departure from the company.The four former Twitter executives are former CEO Parag Agrawal, former CFO Ned Segal, former chief legal officer Vijaya Gadde, and former general counsel Sean Edgett, who were all fired following Musk's takeover of the company in late 2022. The Wall Street Journal has reported Musk says he fired the former C-Suite executives with cause, meaning he doesn't have to pay them any severance.But the recent lawsuit states that Musk fast-tracked the acquisition of Twitter (now X) precisely to fire Agrawal and other C-Suite executives so there would be cause and so they couldn't cash their lucrative stock options, hence the now $128 million suit. This isn't the only lawsuit Musk has faced over severance packages as six former senior managers at Twitter are also suing the company over severance pay, while Agrawal, Segal, and Gadde filed for a $1 million lawsuit against X, claiming the company owed them for legal fees related to their separation at the company. Continue reading: Elon Musk sued for $128 million by former Twitter executives (full post) Researchers create never-before-seen cyberattack using generative AI Jak Connor | Artificial Intelligence | Mar 5, 2024 2:34 AM CST Researchers are warning that it's only a matter of time before AI-powered malware, such as the "worm" they created, is discovered in the wild.The team behind the new malware published a paper that is yet-to-be-peer-reviewed that details the creation of a new type of malware that targets AI-powered email assistants. The researchers conducted their experiment in a closed-circuit environment and found that their malware, or "worm," was capable of targeting email assistants powered by popular language models such as OpenAI's GPT-4, Google's Gemini Pro, and LLaVA.The result was the worm infecting these email assistants, obtaining sensitive user information, and then sending out spam emails that can infect other PCs, replicating the same process. So, how does it work? The researchers used an "adversarial self-replicating prompt" that forces the targeted AI model to create another prompt within its response. Essentially, the target AI assistant receives a prompt, generates a response, and within that response is another prompt. Continue reading: Researchers create never-before-seen cyberattack using generative AI (full post) Sony will release Ghost of Tsushima on PC soon, says credible insider Jak Connor | Gaming | Mar 5, 2024 2:17 AM CST Sony Interactive Entertainment is currently preparing to bring Ghost of Tsushima over to PC, according to XboxEra's Nick Baker.Baker has been correct about calls in the past, and he recently took to his personal X account to announce that he's heard from insider sources that Sony Interactive Entertainment will be making an announcement regarding Ghost of Tsushima coming to PC. According to Baker, the announcement is expected to happen around the 5th of March, which, at the time of writing, would be sometime today.Notably, this isn't the first time we have heard about a Ghost of Tsushima port coming to PC, as rumors have been circulating about the port for years now, especially after the game received its PS5 upgrade in 2022. Ghost of Tsushima was originally launched in 2020 for the PS4 and was developed by Sucker Punch Studios, who made the Infamous series. For those that don't know, Ghost of Tsushima is set in 1200s Japan at the beginning of the Mongolian invasion. Continue reading: Sony will release Ghost of Tsushima on PC soon, says credible insider (full post) You can now play Super Mario 64 forever thanks to this PC mod that randomly generates levels Kosta Andreadis | Gaming | Mar 5, 2024 2:01 AM CST Super Mario 64 was not only the first game in the series to present a fully 3D world, but it's still highly regarded as one of the greatest platformers ever made. Recent efforts to decompile and recreate the game on PC (that is, run it without the need to emulate Nintendo 64 hardware) have resulted in several visual upgrades and mods for the game, including 4K, unlocked frame rates, and even real-time ray tracing.Infinite Mario 64 is different in that it's all about gameplay. It adds a random level generator to the game, meaning you can play new Super Mario 64 levels from now until the end of time. This is a remarkable achievement for a game that first came out in 1996.One of Super Mario 64's most enduring aspects is its level design - alongside impeccable movement and physics. The mod uses elements from the game to create its new levels, so even though they are randomly generated - they still "feel" like classic Mario 64. Continue reading: You can now play Super Mario 64 forever thanks to this PC mod that randomly generates levels (full post) No Rest for the Wicked is a gorgeous Diablo-style action-RPG from an acclaimed indie studio Kosta Andreadis | Gaming | Mar 5, 2024 1:26 AM CST No Rest for the Wicked is the latest game from Moon Studios, the talented team behind the Ori games for Xbox. If you've played Ori and the Will of the Wisps, it won't come as a surprise that it looks absolutely stunning, with incredible art direction, character and environment design, and immersive lighting effects.However, unlike Ori, this is an isometric action RPG with gameplay and mechanics inspired by Diablo and Dark Souls. There will be skills and loot aplenty, with all the action taking place in a beautiful hand-crafted world - no procedural generation here.Moon Studios has grand ambitions for No Rest for the Wicked. It aims to "reinvent the genre" by introducing precision-based combat to the loot-filled hack-and-skill world of Diablo-like titles. It's also a story-driven affair, set in a medieval world overrun by "the Pestilence" with religious undertones. You take on the role of a holy warrior and will have full control over the look of your character. Continue reading: No Rest for the Wicked is a gorgeous Diablo-style action-RPG from an acclaimed indie studio (full post) Alan Wake 2 patch improves performance by up to 100% on older GeForce GTX 10 Series GPUs Kosta Andreadis | Gaming | Mar 5, 2024 12:59 AM CST Remedy's Alan Wake II was one of the most technically advanced and visually impressive PC game releases in 2023, pushing advanced path-traced lighting to help sell its spooky horror setting. However, at the time, it did not run well on NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 10 Series of graphics cards (which includes the GeForce GTX 1060, 1070, and 1080) due to relying on DirectX 12 Ultimate 'Mesh Shaders' for its rendering.This DirectX 12 Ultimate feature requires hardware support, which left many PC gamers with 10-Series GPUs unable to play Alan Wake II without severe performance issues. But there's good news! A patch for the PC version will go live tomorrow (March 6) that addresses performance issues on older GPUs like the GeForce GTX 1070 while also boosting performance on modern Ada cards like the GeForce RTX 4070.The PC tech gurus at Digital Foundry have tested a pre-release version of the patch, and they found a whopping 85 percent improvement in performance with the GeForce GTX 1080 and double the performance with the iconic GeForce GTX 1080 Ti. Continue reading: Alan Wake 2 patch improves performance by up to 100% on older GeForce GTX 10 Series GPUs (full post) Dune Awakening is an Unreal Engine 5 powered survival game set on the harsh planet of Arrakis Kosta Andreadis | Gaming | Mar 5, 2024 12:32 AM CST Dune: Part Two is currently in cinemas worldwide, outperforming expectations at the box office and dazzling critics and moviegoers alike. This makes the debut trailer for Funcom's Dune: Awakening a case of 'perfect timing.' A new open-world survival MMO from the studio behind the long-running Conan Exiles, Awakening takes place on the harsh desert planet of Arrakis and looks pretty awesome.With the game running on the latest version of Unreal Engine, Dune: Awakening will see you (and others) try to survive on Arrakis while contending against giant sandworms and scavenging resources in an ever-changing world. It's ambitious stuff, and again, in step with the stunning and epic Dune: Part Two.As expected, one of the critical survival elements of the game will be staying hydrated and sticking to rocky areas. The game expands Conan Exiles' base-building, and in the trailer, you can see this in action with the player placing down 'holograms' that are then turned into actual structures once the suitable materials are gathered. Friends can contribute, too, as Dune: Awakening is a multiplayer title. Continue reading: Dune Awakening is an Unreal Engine 5 powered survival game set on the harsh planet of Arrakis (full post) 4K texture overhaul for Cyberpunk 2077 improves the look of environments without impacting FPS Kosta Andreadis | Modding | Mar 4, 2024 11:57 PM CST 'Environment Textures Overhaul' is a new mod for Cyberpunk 2077 that replaces lower-quality textures found throughout the game's vibrant open-world Night City with new high-resolution versions that not only match the look and feel of the originals but are also optimized for ray-tracing.Available in 4K and 2K variants, the mod pack includes around 170 new textures for road and wall surfaces and works with the popular HD Reworked Project mod. The 'Environment Textures Overhaul' mod does not impact performance; it simply requires more VRAM. It's worth installing and checking out if you're already running the game with high or ultra-equivalent PC settings.Created by 'nigeez' and available to download on NexusMods, the 2K version weighs around 500 MB, with the 4K textures at around 650 MB, so it's not a hefty download. As a low-impact mod, it doesn't change the actual gameplay; it simply gives the world a little more detail while making everything look crisper. Here are a few side-by-side examples. Continue reading: 4K texture overhaul for Cyberpunk 2077 improves the look of environments without impacting FPS (full post) AMD's cut-down AI GPU for China market blocked by US government Anthony Garreffa | Artificial Intelligence | Mar 4, 2024 11:33 PM CST AMD has been stopped by a US government roadblock, where it was trying to sell cut-down AI GPUs to China, but stopped by the Commerce Department.Bloomberg reports that AMD "hit a US government roadblock in attempting to sell an artificial intelligence chip tailored for the Chinese market," and once again, the news is coming from "people familiar with the matter." AMD was hoping it wouldn't have issues receiving approval to sell the AI GPU to Chinese customers from the Commerce Deparment, but they were denied, according to people who "asked not to be identified because the situation is private".This purported AI GPU featured lowered performance to what AMD sells outside of China, and was designed to meet the required US export restrictions, they said. US officials told AMD that the AI GPU was still too powerful, and that the company needed to obtain a license from Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security in order to sell it. Both AMD and the Bureau of Industry and Security declined to comment, so we don't know if AMD secured its license or not. Continue reading: AMD's cut-down AI GPU for China market blocked by US government (full post) Dune: Part Two box office so far: $82.5 million in the US, $182.5 million globally Anthony Garreffa | TV, Movies & Home Theatre | Mar 4, 2024 11:07 PM CST Dune: Part Two is now out in cinemas across the planet, with its opening weekend seeing box office receipts of over $82 million, and over $182 million globally so far.This success marks Dune and Dune: Part Two director Denis Villeneuve with his biggest US debut ever, with the original Dune opening up to $41 million. Dune: Part Two is visually best when seen in gorgeous 70mm IMAX, with demand for IMAX sessions of Dune: Part Two being so feverish that people had to choose late-night 3:15 AM sessions just to see it in IMAX.IMAX CEO Rich Gelfond said: "Our most iconic film locations are virtually sold out for weeks". Continue reading: Dune: Part Two box office so far: $82.5 million in the US, $182.5 million globally (full post) 1234...5402Next Newsletter SubscriptionLatest NewsElon Musk sued for $128 million by former Twitter executivesResearchers create never-before-seen cyberattack using generative AISony will release Ghost of Tsushima on PC soon, says credible insiderYou can now play Super Mario 64 forever thanks to this PC mod that randomly generates levelsNo Rest for the Wicked is a gorgeous Diablo-style action-RPG from an acclaimed indie studioView More NewsLatest ReviewsGIGABYTE AORUS Z790 Master X Motherboard ReviewSuper Mario Bros. (1993) 4K Blu-ray Reviewbe quiet! Straight Power 12 1000w ATX 3.0 80 PLUS Platinum PSU ReviewMSI MEG Z790 Godlike Max Motherboard ReviewSapphire NITRO+ Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review - AMD Strikes Backbe quiet! Shadow Base 800 Mid-Tower Chassis ReviewXFX Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review - Great GPU, Confusing NameSabrent Rocket 5 2TB SSD Review - Fastest of Sabrent's SSDsASUS ROG Strix Z790-E Gaming Wi-Fi II Motherboard ReviewCorsair K65 PLUS WIRELESS 75% RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard ReviewView More ReviewsLatest ArticlesASUS OLED Premium Care defends the ROG Swift OLED PG32UCDM gaming monitor from burn-inPatriot Viper Xtreme 5 Engineering Prototype 48GB Dual-Channel Memory Kit Preview2023 ASUS Holiday Tech Buyers Guide - The best gifts for PC gamers and tech lovers in your lifeNon-binary 24 Gbit memory and what it means for PC gamers with Kingston FURY DDR5 RAMOLED displays are incredible for gaming, with ASUS OLED technology leading the packView More ArticlesSitemapAdvertisingAboutContactRSS FEEDSLegal & PRIVACY POLICY© 1999-2024 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. TweakTown® and its logo are registered trademarks.