MacStories Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCASTS SHORTCUTS SETUPS SECTIONS VISION PRO iOS 17 PIXEL APPS STORIES DARK LIGHT AUTOMATIC MacPad: How I Created the Hybrid Mac-iPad Laptop and Tablet That Apple Won’t Make Vision Pro App Spotlight: Longplay Adds Immersive Album Listening A Comprehensive Guide to Gaming on the Apple Vision Pro This Week's Sponsor: Whisper Memos Turn Your Ramblings into Paragraphed Articles, Sent Right to Your Email Inbox MacPad: How I Created the Hybrid Mac-iPad Laptop and Tablet That Apple Won’t Make By Federico Viticci Hello, MacPad. It all started because I wanted a better keyboard for my Vision Pro. I had no idea that, in looking for one, I’d accidentally create the hybrid Apple computer of my dreams. As I quickly discovered after working on the Vision Pro daily, you can get by without an external trackpad, but a keyboard is necessary if you want to type something longer than a passcode. That’s where my journey began: if I wanted to write and edit articles on the Vision Pro, what would the best keyboard-trackpad setup be? Over the past few weeks, I’ve tested all the options at my disposal. I started with an Apple Magic Trackpad and Keyboard, which I then placed inside a Twelve South MagicBridge (it was too uncomfortable to put on my lap for longer stretches of time). Next, I tried using different types of “trays” for these two accessories that offered a laptop-like layout (comfort was better, but lack of palm rejection was an issue). I even attempted to revive an old Brydge keyboard and use it with the Vision Pro, but, alas, third-party trackpads aren’t supported on visionOS at the moment. Eventually, I settled on the solution that I should have known was coming for me all along: the best keyboard and trackpad combo for a Vision Pro is a Mac laptop. So I started using my MacBook Air every day, taking advantage of Mac Virtual Display and Universal Control to get work done with the Vision Pro in a mix of classic desktop apps and new visionOS experiences. I’ll write more about this soon, but, so far, it’s felt powerful and flexible in a way that iPadOS hasn’t made me feel in a while. But something kept nagging me. Supported By Concepts Concepts: Sketch, Note, Draw. Read more Apple Releases iOS and iPadOS 17.4 with Major Safari and App Store Changes in the EU, Transcripts for Podcasts, New Emoji, and More By Niléane Today, Apple released iOS and iPadOS 17.4, the fourth major updates to the operating systems that launched in September and Federico reviewed on MacStories. iOS 17.4 is a significant release, bringing major platform changes to iOS in Europe as part of Apple’s response to the European Union’s Digital Markets Act (DMA), as well as a handful of new features, including transcripts in Apple’s Podcasts app, new emoji, multilingual updates to Siri, and more. Let’s dive in, starting with the main changes for iPhone owners in the EU. Read more AppStories, Episode 373 – Introducing the MacPad→ Linked By John Voorhees This week on AppStories, Federico introduces the world to the MacPad, a hybrid Mac/iPad that he built from an M2 MacBook Air and 11” iPad Pro, and I quiz him on the build process, software involved, and what it’s like to use. Sponsored by: Concepts: Sketch, Note, Draw. Nom Nom: Healthy, fresh food for dogs formulated by top Board Certified Veterinary Nutritionists. Prepped in our kitchens with free delivery to your door. Get 50% off. Notion: Do your most efficient work with Notion AI. Try it free today. Links and Show Notes The MacPad MacPad - How I Created the Hybrid Mac-iPad Laptop and Tablet That Apple Won’t Make The Hardware and Accessories M2 MacBook Air (13”, 1 TB model) 11” iPad Pro (4th gen.) Rolling Square Edge Pro Core magnetic clips iFixit toolkit PopSocket (PopGrip) ESR cover for iPad Pro JETech sleeve for 13” laptops GL-iNet Beryl AX3000 portable router CalDigit TS4 Thunderbolt dock 90-degree angled USB-C connector GameSir G8 Galileo game controller Apps Mentioned: Screens 5 Yoink Luke Miani’s headless MacBook Air video Subscribe here. On AppStories+, we discuss Apple’s reversal on removing progressive web apps from iOS 17.4 in the EU. We deliver AppStories+ to subscribers with bonus content, ad-free, and at a high bitrate early every week. To learn more about the benefits included with an AppStories+ subscription, visit our Plans page, or read the AppStories+ FAQ. Read more Apple Releases New Spring Colors for iPhone Cases and Watch Bands By John Voorhees Source: Apple. As has become a tradition, Apple released new colors of some of its cases and Apple Watch bands today. The new Silicone Case colors are Soft Mint, Sunshine, Light Blue, and Pink and come in all iPhone 15 model sizes. No new colors are available for the FineWoven cases. Source: Apple. Apple also released 23 new bands. There are bands that match the new iPhone 15 case colors, as well as a dozen new Hermès bands. There are no new Apple Watch Ultra bands, the selection of which is still limited to a woefully inadequate selection of three styles and nine choices. Apple Introduces New M3 MacBook Airs By John Voorhees Source: Apple. Apple has unveiled new 13- and 15-inch MacBook Airs that feature the M3 processor, Wi-Fi 6E, support for two external displays, and up to 18 hours of battery life. The M3 chipset features an 8-core CPU, up to a 10-core GPU, and up to 24GB of unified memory. Apple says that makes the new Airs up to 60% faster than the M1 Air and 13x faster than the fastest Intel-based Air, but they do not compare it to the M2 Air. The M3 MacBook Airs also include Apple’s latest media engine, which supports AV1 decoding for video streaming services. Source: Apple. Apple provided other points of comparison between the new M2 MacBook Airs and the M1 and fastest Intel models based on tests conducted in January: Game titles like No Man’s Sky run up to 60 percent faster than the 13-inch MacBook Air with the M1 chip. Enhancing an image with AI using Photomator’s Super Resolution feature is up to 40 percent faster than the 13-inch model with the M1 chip, and up to 15x faster for customers who haven’t upgraded to a Mac with Apple silicon. Working in Excel spreadsheets is up to 35 percent faster than the 13-inch model with the M1 chip, and up to 3x faster for customers who haven’t upgraded to a Mac with Apple silicon. Video editing in Final Cut Pro is up to 60 percent faster than the 13-inch model with the M1 chip, and up to 13x faster for customers who haven’t upgraded to a Mac with Apple silicon. Compared to a PC laptop with an Intel Core i7 processor, MacBook Air delivers up to 2x faster performance, up to 50 percent faster web browsing, and up to 40 percent longer battery life. In its press release, Apple also says the M3 MacBook Air’s 16-core Neural Engine and CPU and GPU machine learning accelerators make it the best laptop for AI, too. Source: Apple. The new 13-inch MacBook Airs start at $1,099 ($999 for education customers). The new 15-inch models start at $1,299 ($1,199 for education customers). Both models are available to order today in midnight, starlight, silver, and space gray, with deliveries and in-store availability beginning Friday, March 8th. In addition, Apple has dropped the price of the 13-inch M2 MacBook Air to $999 ($899 for education customers). The European Commission Fines Apple Over €1.8 Billion By John Voorhees In a decision issued today, the European Commission leveled a fine of over €1.8 billion against Apple for preventing developers of music streaming services from letting iOS users know about subscriptions available outside their apps. After an investigation, the Commission concluded that Apple’s practices violated Article 102 of the TFEU and Article 54 of the European Economic Area Agreement. In a forceful response, Apple pointed at Spotify as the instigator of the EU investigation and accused the EC of protectionist behavior, noting that: Over the next eight years, and more than 65 meetings with Spotify, the European Commission has tried to build three different cases. With every pivot, they’ve narrowed the scope of their claims — but each theory has had a couple of features in common: No evidence of consumer harm: European consumers have more choices than ever in a digital music market that’s grown exponentially. In just eight years, it’s gone from 25 million subscribers to almost 160 million — with more than 300 million active listeners — and Spotify has been the biggest winner. No evidence of anti-competitive behavior: Eight years of investigations have never yielded a viable theory explaining how Apple has thwarted competition in a market that is so clearly thriving. The European Commission is issuing this decision just before their new regulation — the Digital Markets Act (DMA) — comes into force. Apple is set to comply with the DMA in days, and our plans include changes to the rules challenged here. What’s clear is that this decision is not grounded in existing competition law. It’s an effort by the Commission to enforce the DMA before the DMA becomes law. The reality is that European consumers have more choices than ever. Ironically, in the name of competition, today’s decision just cements the dominant position of a successful European company that is the digital music market’s runaway leader. Apple has said it will appeal the fine, which was set at a level designed to “achieve deterrence.” Whisper Memos: Turn Your Ramblings into Paragraphed Articles, Sent Right to Your Email Inbox [Sponsor] By MacStories Team Ideas are precious but fleeting. One moment, inspiration strikes, but if you don’t capture that lightning in a bottle, it’s gone before you know it. With Whisper Memos, you can harness the power of artificial intelligence to turn your ideas into orderly memos. Whisper Memos combines the convenience of quick capture with the power of GPT-4. You can save a voice memo using your iPhone’s Action Button, the app’s Lock Screen widget, Whisper Memos’ Apple Watch app, Shortcuts, and more. Then, Whisper Memos uses AI to turn your recordings into orderly, paragraphed memos delivered directly to your email inbox a few seconds later. The results are incredible. One moment, you’re recording audio on your iPhone or Apple Watch, and the next, you’ve got an email message easily identifiable by its custom subject line that has been carefully transcribed and organized into neat paragraphs. Whisper Memos works on Wi-Fi, over a cellular connection, and offline, so it’s always available. The app also supports a long list of languages, and it integrates with Zapier, which allows you to connect Whisper Memos to other productivity apps like Notion, Trello, or your task manager. There’s even a privacy mode for ensuring no trace is left behind after your voice memos have been processed. So, check out Whisper Memos today and use the code MAC24 by March 16th for 25% off forever. You’ll be amazed at how fast, accurate, and reliable it is at preserving your precious thoughts. Our thanks to Whisper Memos for sponsoring MacStories this week. MacStories Unwind: Obsessing Over Wi-Fi→ Linked By John Voorhees This week on MacStories Unwind, Federico teases a big project he’s been working on that will be out on MacStories next week, plus both he and John obsess over their Wi-Fi setups but wish Apple would make hardware that made it all easier. This episode is sponsored by: Kolide – It ensures that if a device isn’t secure it can’t access your apps. It’s Device Trust for Okta. Watch the demo now. Federico Teases a Big Project Stop by MacStories on Monday for a story you won’t want to miss. Obsessing over Wi-Fi A Comprehensive Guide to Gaming on the Apple Vision Pro John’s Wi-Fi Setup ASUS ZenWiFi Pro ET12 AXE11000 Federico’s Wi-Fi Setup ASUS RT-AXE7800 MacStories Unwind+ We deliver MacStories Unwind+ to Club MacStories subscribers ad-free and early with high bitrate audio every week. To learn more about the benefits of a Club MacStories subscription, visit our Plans page. Read more Vision Pro App Spotlight: Status Bar Builder’s Key Is Customization Combined with Simplicity By John Voorhees There’s an elegance in simplicity that I value. I use plenty of complex apps, but there’s a certain satisfaction in finding one that fits your needs perfectly. One such app that seems destined to claim a long-term spot on my Vision Pro is Status Bar Builder, a customizable utility that displays useful information without taking up much space. Status Bar Builder’s UI for organizing and creating status bars. The app allows you to build status bars, which are narrow, horizontal windows reminiscent of the Mac’s menu bar that you can place around your environment. Status bars come in three text sizes and can have no background, be translucent, or use a colored background. Regardless of the styling you pick, status bars can include: Shortcuts Links Today’s date Weekday Numerical date Month Time Your calendar events A battery charge indicator A spacer Adding items to a status bar. Designing status bars is easy. They’re created and stored in the app’s main window, which includes a preview of each along with buttons to open any existing status bars, make revisions, or delete them. At the bottom of the main window, there’s also a ‘New’ button to add to your collection. You can make as many status bars as you’d like, sprinkling them around your room. There doesn’t seem to be a limit to how many items you can include in a status bar, either, but as a practical matter, if a status bar gets too long, it doesn’t look great, and some text will be truncated. Adding shortcuts to a status bar. What’s more, you can add as many of each type of item as you’d like to a status bar. For Shortcuts, that means you can create a long list of shortcuts if you want. However, you better be able to identify them by their icons because the buttons in the status bar don’t include shortcut names or the colors you assigned to them. Links work like a mini bookmark bar, allowing you to save frequently visited websites with a custom icon as a button in your status bar. However, like shortcuts, you’ll need a memorable icon because there are no link labels or other text to go by. Links support URL schemes too, offering additional automation options. Links and shortcuts can be represented by an icon. There are also a few other other item-specific settings available. For example, there are three sizes of spacers that can be added to a status bar, and calendar events can include the color of their associated calendars if you’d like. Plus, dates and times have formatting, color, size, and other style options. It’s worth noting that your next calendar event doesn’t include the scheduled time and events cannot be opened, both of which are things I’d love to see added to the app in the future. Although you can overstuff your status bars with links, shortcuts, and other information, I’ve found that the best approach is to be picky, limiting yourself to a handful of items that make your status bars more glanceable. Then, if you find yourself adding more and more to a status bar, consider breaking it up into multiple status bars organized thematically. I find that works well and gives me more flexibility about where I put each. I have to imagine that Apple will eventually release something like Status Bar Builder. It’s too easy to lose track of time in the Vision Pro. It needs a clock, battery indicator, date, and other basic data we’ve had on our iPhones since day one. Status Bar Builder fills that gap but goes one step further by adding links, calendar items, and shortcuts. I wouldn’t add a lot more to the app, but a weather item with the current conditions and temperature would be great. However, even though parts of Status Bar Builder may eventually wind up as parts of visionOS, I expect the app has a long and useful life ahead of it, thanks to the other components that go a step further than I expect Apple ever will. Status Bar Builder is available on the App Store for $4.99. Next page ABOUT MEMBERSHIP SPONSORSHIP PRIVACY POLICY Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2024 MacStories, Inc. Find Federico on MastodonFind John on MastodonFind Alex on MastodonFind Silvia on MastodonFind MacStories on Mastodon All rights reserved. v4.5.8