unionleader.com | 'There is nothing so powerful as truth' - Daniel Webster Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Home Subscriptions e-Edition Advertising Contact Us Union Leader Events Signup for Newsletters Buy Photos or Page Reprints Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Newspapers in Educaton News Archive News Animals Business New Business Courts Crime Education Environment Health History Homes & Garden Human Interest Politics Public Safety Science & Technology Social Issues Solutions Journalism • Silver Linings • What's Working • Beyond the Stigma Weather Veterans National World Sports College Sports High School Sports / Youth Sports Columns Celtics Bruins Fisher Cats Golf Patriots Red Sox NH Life A&E Calendar Contests Dining & Food Our Gourmet Granite Kitchen Lifestyles Outdoors Ski Conditions People Travel Opinion Editorials Columnists Cartoons Letters to the Editor Obituaries Submit Obituary Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Announcements anniversaries births engagements weddings Public Notices Special Sections Subscriptions eEdition Manage Account Subscribe/Create Account Already subscribe? Register for online access Request Assistance Advertise unionleaderautos.com unionleaderhomes.com unionleaderjobs.com How can we help? Events Union Leader Events NH Events Calendar Add Event Contact Us News Tips Subscribe WEATHER SPONSOR Menu Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search 37° Manchester, NH (03109) Today Areas of patchy fog early. Showers this morning, becoming a steady rain during the afternoon hours. High 44F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%.. Tonight Rain ending this evening then becoming foggy. Areas of patchy fog developing. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 7:06 am Full Forecast Home e-Edition Obituaries Jobs Homes Autos Public Notices Subscribe Woman charged with Manchester murder has a violent past; stabbed the same man in 2020 By Jonathan Phelps Union Leader Staff Updated 10 hrs ago A woman charged with stabbing a Manchester man to death early Sunday morning in a public housing complex was arrested in 2020 for assaulting that same man with a knife. Man arraigned on charge of murdering mother of his children in Berlin Trump wins Colorado ballot disqualification case at U.S. Supreme Court Home school parents, children turn out to oppose state test mandate Manchester detective in human trafficking investigation named officer of the year Manchester detective in human trafficking investigation named officer of the year DCYF panel to ask witnesses to swear an oath DCYF panel to ask witnesses to swear an oath Mass. man charged in connection with assault of Concord child, 6 Mass. man charged in connection with assault of Concord child, 6 Derry woman pleads guilty to trying to steal $2.5 million in COVID-19 relief funds Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballot, rejects Colorado voter challenge Man arrested for impersonating state police captain, stalking woman Concord man pleads guilty to drug charges Heritage Commission wants Hallsville School preserved +2 Friends of Nashua Library book sale to feature estimated 40,000 titles in 500 categories +4 Amber Alerts rare, but used for 'most serious cases' 'Festival of Blarney' -- aka PLUS Company's annual Wild Irish Breakfast -- set for March 15 Exeter fire chief retiring after four decades of service NHDOT info session in Manchester on Route 28-Sheffield Rd. designs March 7 DWI License Revocations Epsom man with dementia last seen by family in October Derry woman pleads guilty to trying to steal $2.5 million in COVID-19 relief funds Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballot, rejects Colorado voter challenge Man arrested for impersonating state police captain, stalking woman Concord man pleads guilty to drug charges Heritage Commission wants Hallsville School preserved +2 Friends of Nashua Library book sale to feature estimated 40,000 titles in 500 categories +4 Amber Alerts rare, but used for 'most serious cases' +2 Backlogged with blockbuster cases, Supreme Court takes on Trump 'Festival of Blarney' -- aka PLUS Company's annual Wild Irish Breakfast -- set for March 15 Exeter fire chief retiring after four decades of service +3 Owl rescued by troopers will fly home soon NHDOT info session in Manchester on Route 28-Sheffield Rd. designs March 7 Derry woman pleads guilty to trying to steal $2.5 million in COVID-19 relief funds Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballot, rejects Colorado voter challenge Man arrested for impersonating state police captain, stalking woman Concord man pleads guilty to drug charges Heritage Commission wants Hallsville School preserved +2 Friends of Nashua Library book sale to feature estimated 40,000 titles in 500 categories +4 Amber Alerts rare, but used for 'most serious cases' +2 Backlogged with blockbuster cases, Supreme Court takes on Trump 'Festival of Blarney' -- aka PLUS Company's annual Wild Irish Breakfast -- set for March 15 Exeter fire chief retiring after four decades of service +3 Owl rescued by troopers will fly home soon NHDOT info session in Manchester on Route 28-Sheffield Rd. designs March 7 High School College Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Celtics/NBA Bruins/NHL Sports Boys basketball state semifinals: Trinity hopes to 'get out and go' against Pinkerton BOYS STATE SEMIFINALS Plymouth State set to host NCAA Division III tourney hockey game Commentary: Bruins need help at trade deadline, but they’re limited Celtics earn stamp of approval from Warriors in championship pursuit Sports briefs: Broncos to accept $85M cap hit, inform QB Russell Wilson of imminent release Sunday, March 03, 2024 UNH hockey comes up short in 1-0 loss at BC +4 Boys basketball, Division I quarterfinals: Trinity keeps foot on gas, eliminates Exeter Celtics make statement with blowout win over Warriors Boys hockey, Division I quarterfinals: Wallace's OT goal lifts rallying Exeter over Concord +5 Boys basketball, Division IV championship: Robie leads the charge as Profile meets perfect expectations +5 Girls basketball, Division IV championship: Littleton finishes 22-0 for ninth title One killed in Derry accident Latest News New Update 10 hrs ago Dear Abby: Fellow customer expects help at checkout line DEAR ABBY: A while ago, as I was standing in line at the grocery store, a young woman with seven or eight items tied up the checkout process by leaving her groceries on the belt, and then running back to grab something she forgot. It happens. I get it. 10 hrs ago Heloise: Learn self-defense techniques DEAR HELOISE: I would like to encourage every woman to learn some form of self-defense. I learned two years ago, and I’m glad I did. Updated 11 hrs ago Trump poised to dominate ‘Super Tuesday’ as Haley makes last stand Donald Trump is poised to continue his march to the GOP presidential nomination on Tuesday, when 15 states will vote to award more than a third of the party’s delegates and test how quickly Republicans are coalescing behind the former president. Updated 11 hrs ago Gaza cease-fire talks bogged down as hunger, pressure grow Israel delayed sending a high-level delegation to Cairo for talks on a cease-fire in the war against Hamas for a second day, putting a damper on hopes for an imminent deal. Updated 10 hrs ago JetBlue, Spirit end bid to merge after antitrust objections BUSINESS Updated 11 hrs ago France to enshrine right to abortion in nation’s constitution France will enshrine in its constitution a woman’s right to seek an abortion, a move that came in response to the curbing of access to the procedure in the United States. Updated 13 hrs ago Preparing for life aboard the International Space Station A University of San Diego graduate experienced the raw, wild sensation of space travel late Sunday, bolting into orbit inside a NASA SpaceX Dragon capsule that will deliver him and three crewmates to the aging and noisy International Space Station. LATEST NEWS SPONSOR Most Popular Articles Images Videos Collections ArticlesWhy do hikers want to spend a freezing winter night in the Kearsarge North fire tower?9 doctors leaving CMC heart institute for independent practiceMacy’s to close 150 stores as it bets on luxury brandsFormer Hooksett Kmart site goes from selling to storageIn the state's biggest privately owned woods, carbon cuts deeply into timberOverdose cause of death for father of Adam MontgomeryCommentary: Why does everyone think the 2024 Red Sox will be bad?After nearly 50 years in the business, Prieto family selling Hollis Flea MarketEstranged wife of Adam Montgomery heads to parole boardNew Business: Winni Rum Shack brings island vibe to Laconia; Wendy's to open two new spots Images Videos CollectionsDover fallen Marine laid to restMulticultural festival at West High Schoolplunge4Special Olympics Penguin Plunge in Hampton BeachPups in the parkScenes from the Keene Ice & Snow FestivalAdam Montgomery trial 40 Under Forty Congratulations to the Class of 2024 ONE OF OUR long-standing traditions here at the New Hampshire Union Leader is annually recognizing 40 residents who eagerly give their time and talents to volunteer pursuits that strengthen and enrichment communities all across New Hampshire. Celebrate class of 2024 on March 6th. Click here to regester. New Business New Business: Winni Rum Shack brings island vibe to Laconia; Wendy's to open two new spots New Business: Winni Rum Shack brings island vibe to Laconia; Wendy's to open two new spots NEW BUSINESS SPONSOR NH Winter What's Working Silver Linings Beyond the Stigma Spotlight Owl rescued by troopers will fly home soon By Shawne K. Wickham Sunday News Staff An injured barred owl rescued by state troopers a week ago in the Lakes Region is winging his way to recovery. In the state's biggest privately owned woods, carbon cuts deeply into timber Why do hikers want to spend a freezing winter night in the Kearsarge North fire tower? As customers demand reliable power, utilities rely on technology to adapt Alabama IVF ruling hitting home with NH moms Photos & Galleries Yard work Warm-up Nordic ice skating A man and his dog Looking Back Looking Back: The Fitz John Porter monument is dedicated on July 1, 1906 NH Winter NH Winter: Call this Winter Recreation 101 Budget Vogue Susan Heeter's Budget Vogue: Simple cars? Not in this day and age Back Page Thanks to this ‘rogue’ taxidermist, a pet’s death doesn’t mean goodbye Krusty Noodles was a killer. A tearful Jon Stewart said his dog died. Donations flooded the shelter it came from. Missing WWII POW identified 81 years after death All News A&E Animals Business Crime Environment History Homes Human Interest SciTech Social Issues Veterans Business Bitcoin bursts above $65,000, record high comes into view As customers demand reliable power, utilities rely on technology to adapt In the state's biggest privately owned woods, carbon cuts deeply into timber TIMELINE-JetBlue terminates $3.8 billion deal to buy Spirit Airlines Gold touches $2,100 as traders scoop up metal on rate cut bets Courts Safety Crime Woman, 54, charged with stabbing death of man, 75, at Manchester high-rise Woman charged with Manchester murder has a violent past; stabbed the same man in 2020 Man arraigned on charge of murdering mother of his children in Berlin Woman dead, dozen injured in Mississippi club mass shooting ICE arrests 3 immigrants in connection with child's death COVID-19 Health Alabama IVF ruling hitting home with NH moms The amazing power of exercise; building cognitive reserve Obesity drugs won’t fix a billion-person problem, WHO warns Breast cancer death rate dropped 58 percent over 44 years in U.S. SPONSOR Education Home school parents, children turn out to oppose state test mandate Heritage Commission wants Hallsville School preserved Public school students outperformed tax credit scholarship recipients at private schools, report says ‘John Lewis: In Search of the Beloved Community’ honors a towering American Request News Coverage State Local/County National City Hall State House Dome Granite Status Politics Nikki Haley supporters don't think she has a shot at GOP nomination. And they don't care RALEIGH, North Carolina - Nikki Haley is drawing the biggest crowds of her presidential campaign. She just scored the endorsements of two U.S. senators. And she is turning in confident performances to crowds that are more raucous than ever - even as almost no one in attendance thinks she will win. Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballot, rejects Colorado voter challenge The Supreme Court on Monday unanimously sided with Donald Trump, allowing the former president to remain on the election ballot and reversing a Colorado ruling that disqualified him from retur… DCYF panel to ask witnesses to swear an oath CONCORD — The special legislative committee looking into due process complaints against the state Division of Children, Youth and Families (DCYF) will require those giving testimony to take an… Allies urge Bernie Sanders to run for reelection: ‘We won’t let him retire’ Longtime allies of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., are urging him to run for reelection and say they believe he will seek to hold onto his Senate seat in November. Haley casts doubt on GOP nominee pledge after Trump’s power play Nikki Haley signaled she may decline to endorse Donald Trump in an election rematch with President Joe Biden, saying she no longer considers herself bound by a pledge to the Republican Nationa… Editorials Columns Op-eds Letters Cartoons Opinion Op-eds Sen. Denise Ricciardi: SB 561 promotes better, more affordable care through innovation THE HIGH COST of all access to health care is a major concern for many working families and small businesses. That is why I introduced SB 561. Op-eds Reps. David Paige, Angela Brennan & Nicholas Germana: Liberty in NH's school libraries HERE IN the “Live Free or Die” state, we prize our freedoms. But in New Hampshire, as elsewhere in the U.S., we are seeing an increase in attempts to ban books and other valuable educational materials from schools. This alarming trend, often accompanied by false, inflammatory rhetoric about “porn in schools,” is used to justify the passage of new laws that limit liberty in the library, inc… Op-eds Claudia Istel: Undermining public education yet again THE NEW HAMPSHIRE legislature is considering two bills, HB 1298 and SB 374, which would allow public schools to hire uncertified classroom “guides” to teach part time in public schools. These untrained community members could teach any grades or subjects K-12 as long as they work fewer than 30 hours per week, pass a criminal records check, and sign a code of conduct. The House bill adds th… Op-eds Senator Maggie Hassan: Putin must be defeated, not appeased THIS PAST week marked the start of the third year of Vladimir Putin’s brutal, unjustified, and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine — one of the most devastating attacks that we’ve seen on a European country since World War II. At this pivotal moment for the future of Ukraine and democracies across the globe, I visited Lviv, Ukraine, as a part of a congressional delegation trip to hear directly … Op-eds Rev. Steve Edington: Goodness and greatness “America is great because she is good. If America ever ceases to be good, she will cease to be great.” Load more Share your opinion with New Hampshire. What's your view? Submit a Letter to the Editor Letters may be up to 250 words. Longer opinions can be sent to opinion@unionleader.com. Entertainment Lifestyles Outdoors Dining & Food Travel NH Life 'Festival of Blarney' -- aka PLUS Company's annual Wild Irish Breakfast -- set for March 15 'Festival of Blarney' -- aka PLUS Company's annual Wild Irish Breakfast -- set for March 15 10 noteworthy books for March 10 noteworthy books for March How ebbing snow cover affects plants and animals How ebbing snow cover affects plants and animals A&E The Palace Theatre stages a several-week 'Prom' in downtown Manchester A&E Weekend Top 5: 2/29-March 3 - Frank Sinatra tribute, 'March of the Penguins' screening, comedian Tom Segura and more Transportation Breeze Airways to offers flights from MHT starting in June History Alan Rumrill will retire from Cheshire Historical Society after sharing countless stories Massachusetts museum named best open air museum in the country by USA Today Tune In Tonight: Kate Winslet heads 'The Regime' Lileks on Life: Is it odd to mourn a microwave? Norwegian Cruise Line forecasts upbeat first-quarter profit on record demand Lileks on Life: Turn off your Christmas lights, people Granite Kitchen: It's prime time for pineapple Granite Kitchen: It's prime time for pineapple Sections Home Advertising Announcements e-Edition News Solutions Journalism Newspapers in Education NH Life Obituaries Submit Obituary Opinion Special Sections Sports Latest High School College Sports Columns Monarchs Fisher Cats Patriots Bruins Celitcs Red Sox Golf Subscriptions Union Leader Careers Weather Events Union Leader Events NH Events Calendar Add Event Services Jobs Autos Homes Classified ads Create classified ad Public Notices Signup for Newsletters Buy Photos or Page Reprints News Archive Rack locations to buy newspaper Contact Information New Hampshire Union Leader 100 William Loeb Drive Manchester, NH 03109 Phone: 603-668-4321 Email: news@unionleader.com Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram RSS - All Headlines RSS - Top News RSS - Business RSS - Politics × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Union Leader Corp. 100 William Loeb Drive, Manchester, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.