Servo, the embeddable, independent, memory-safe, modular, parallel web rendering engine Get Involved Contributing Wiki WPT pass rates Code of Conduct Download Blog Demos About About Servo Governance Sponsorship Acknowledgements GitHub Mastodon Twitter The embeddable, independent, memory-safe, modular, parallel web rendering engine Servo is a web rendering engine written in Rust, with WebGL and WebGPU support, and adaptable to desktop, mobile, and embedded applications. Embedding Servo in Rust projects by Rakhi Sharma at FOSDEM 2024 2024-02-28 This month in Servo: gamepad support, font fallback, Space Jam, and more! Big strides in tables and layout architecture, a new CSS2 milestone, dev changes in WebRender and Stylo, plus console, canvas, and CSSOM improvements. 2024-01-26 Two months in Servo: better inline layout, stable Rust, and more! Improved control over typography, very early support for sticky positioning and tables, plus updates to our minibrowser and build tooling. 2024-01-19 Tauri update: embedding prototype, offscreen rendering, multiple webviews, and more! Overview of the embedding improvements we’ve landed as part of our collaboration with Tauri. 2023-12-18 This year in Servo: over 1000 pull requests and beyond Reflections on Servo’s progress in 2023: contributor stats, new features, layout improvements, WPT pass rates, and plans for next year. Contact Zulip chat: https://servo.zulipchat.com/ GitHub discussions: https://github.com/servo/servo/discussions Email: [email protected] Mastodon: https://floss.social/@servo Twitter: https://twitter.com/ServoDev Downloads Windows EXE ? sha256 Windows ZIP ? sha256 macOS (x64) ? sha256 Linux (x64) ? sha256 Sponsorship You can support the project’s infrastructure (CI) and hosting costs by donating to the Servo Open Collective. For more information about how to sponsor the project, visit the sponsorship page. Code of Conduct | Contact: [email protected], Zulip Chat, GitHub Discussions, Mastodon, Twitter © 2024 The Servo Project Developers Copyright © Servo is a project of Linux Foundation Europe. For website terms of use, trademark policy and other project policies please see https://lfprojects.org.