Citizens' Climate Lobby | Solutions to Climate Change Citizens' Climate Lobby | Solutions to Climate Change Skip to content Spanish English Join CCL About About Citizens’ Climate Lobby Chapters Core Values Founder’s Story What we do Our Accomplishments Levers of Political Will Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Advisory Board Governing Board Team Financial Information Our Climate Solutions Price on Carbon Healthy Forests Clean Energy Permitting Reform Building Electrification and Efficiency Endorsements Blog Blog Posts News Climate Change Podcast Take Action Current Actions Informational Session Climate Advocate Training Find a Local Chapter CCL Community Climate Change Conferences Monthly Speakers Donate One-time or Monthly Make a Gift of Stock Donate Cryptocurrency Qualified Charitable Distributions (QCDs) Legacy Gifts Employee Matching Gifts Language Spanish English About About Citizens’ Climate Lobby Chapters Core Values Founder’s Story What we do Our Accomplishments Levers of Political Will Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Advisory Board Governing Board Team Financial Information Our Climate Solutions Price on Carbon Healthy Forests Building Electrification and Efficiency Clean Energy Permitting Reform Endorsements TakeAction Get Started Join CCL Find a Chapter Informational Session Climate Advocate Training Request a Presentation Get Active CCL Community Climate Change Conferences Monthly Meetings Monthly Calls & Speakers Take Action Now! Current Actions Blog Blog News Climate Change Podcast Donate Join CCL Climate Change Solutions Citizens' Climate Lobby Our solution to climate change? Democracy. And we need you on our team. Take Action To pass effective climate policy, Congress needs to hear a chorus of many different voices calling their offices in a steady stream. Today is a great day to join that chorus. Learn more Make a monthly donation This month only! Quadruple your impact: All new and increased monthly donations started in the month of March will be matched $3-to-$1 for 3 months! Learn more Find a local chapter Working as a team, you’ll experience the profound difference people can make by empowering and inspiring their elected representatives, local media, and community. Learn more CCL’s Info Session: Find where you fit inThe Informational Session is CCL 101 — it outlines what we care about, what policies we support, and how you can get involved. A young CCLer’s COP28 storyVinay Karthik shares his experience as a Media Logistics Manager for YOUNGO, the official youth constituency of the UNFCCC at COP28. Episode 92: There’s Something Funny about Climate ChangeThis episode highlights the unique perspective of a climate change comedian, as well as empowering tales of youth activism at COP28. About Citizens’ Climate Lobby We empower everyday people to work together on climate policy. Our supporters are organized in 420+ chapters across the United States building support in Congress for a national bipartisan solution to climate change. Globally, we also support 150+ international chapters on six continents. Learn more about our work NonpartisanRelationship-DrivenEffectiveBig Solution We welcome anyone who is serious about solving climate change as a volunteer. We work with members of Congress across the political spectrum to find common ground on climate change action. We build consensus through respectful relationships with others. That’s because we believe that relationships based on mutual respect and understanding are what bring lasting change. We’re always willing to continue the conversation. Our supporters make meaningful contributions every day that drive our mission forward, whether it’s building relationships with their members of Congress, local businesses, media and more. CCL provides training and tools to help you maximize your skills. We know global warming is a big problem. We stay focused on a national, legislative solution that will reduce America’s carbon emissions from fossil fuels, fast. CCL has given me, a regular everyday guy, a voice to go out there to try and change things - to try to reach those people that have the power and to create political will.EricCorpus Christi, TX;Volunteer since 2017CCL makes me feel like we can do this. We can solve climate change, and we can do it in a way that brings people together rather than tears them apart.ChelseaPortland, OR;Volunteer since 2015There are so many places to travel to and people to meet! Who would want to live in a world where that isn’t possible? What you imagine doing tomorrow is possible only if you take action now.LillianChandler, AZ;Volunteer since 2018I want to make sure that our representatives are listening to us! I found my passion in life at an early age, when hearing about how global climate issues are threatening our future and our planet.VaniaPomona, CA; Volunteer since 2015 HIDDEN What it’s like to take action on climate in Washington, D.C. TO CHANGE THE VIDEO, CHANGE THE data-embed FIELD BELOW. Join Us! Why Congress Should Price Carbon Climate change is on our doorstep. We need to move quickly to blunt its impact on our economy and our communities. Putting a price on carbon pollution works fast to cut America’s carbon pollution in half by 2030. Climate scientists and business leaders agree that a strong carbon price will incentivize innovation and create millions of new jobs for American workers. TO CHANGE THE VIDEO, CHANGE THE data-id FIELD TO THE RIGHT. Learn about carbon pricing What our supporters are saying CCL has given me, a regular everyday guy, a voice to go out there to try and change things - to try to reach those people that have the power and to create political will. CCL makes me feel like we can do this. We can solve climate change, and we can do it in a way that brings people together rather than tears them apart. There are so many places to travel to and people to meet! Who would want to live in a world where that isn’t possible? What you imagine doing tomorrow is possible only if you take action now. I want to make sure that our representatives are listening to us! I found my passion in life at an early age, when hearing about how global climate issues are threatening our future and our planet. Latest news from Citizens’ Climate Lobby CCL’s Info Session: Find where you fit inThe Informational Session is CCL 101 — it outlines what we care about, what policies we support, and how you can get involved. A young CCLer’s COP28 storyVinay Karthik shares his experience as a Media Logistics Manager for YOUNGO, the official youth constituency of the UNFCCC at COP28. Episode 92: There’s Something Funny about Climate ChangeThis episode highlights the unique perspective of a climate change comedian, as well as empowering tales of youth activism at COP28. Regional Economic Model Report 2020 Household Impact Study Carbon Fee Dividend Delivery Study Media CCL News Published Media Merchandise Citizens’ Climate Education Get in Touch Contact Us Jobs and Internships View Openings Be social Login to CCL Community Español ©2024 Citizens' Climate Lobby. Citizens' Climate Education (CCE) is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization. Donations to Citizens' Climate Education are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law. Citizens' Climate Lobby (CCL) is a 501(c)4 organization. Donations to Citizens' Climate Lobby are not tax-deductible. 501(c)3 EIN 26-2948811 and 501(c)4 EIN 26-3521896. Sitemap Financial Information Privacy Cookies Terms of Service