The Walrus | Canada's Conversation Newsletters Subscribe Donate Search Sections Latest Stories Business Environment Society Politics Arts & Culture Explore Newsletters Events Listen Games Magazine The Walrus Lab Support Donate Subscribe Merchandise Annual Report The Walrus Gala Follow Twitter LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Facebook Instagram About Us Contact Us My Account Manage Subscriptions POPULAR → Contributing Writers Games The Rise of AI Health Care Arts and Culture Right Now Skip to content The Walrus Fact-based journalism that sparks the Canadian conversation [hmenu id=2] home Articles Business Environment Health Politics Arts & Culture Society Special Series Hope You’re Well For the Love of the Game Living Rooms In Other Worlds: A Space Exploration Terra Cognita More special series > Events The Walrus Talks The Walrus Video Room The Walrus Leadership Roundtables The Walrus Leadership Forums Article Club Subscribe Renew your subscription Change your address Magazine Issues Newsletters Podcasts The Walrus Lab Hire The Walrus Lab Amazon First Novel Award Shop Donate Airbnb’s Devastating Effect on Canadian Housing - How Montreal priced out long-term renters as thousands of homes became vacation suites by Gregor Craigie What You’re Reading Why Sunrise Records Is Still Spinning by Richard TrapunskiDid the Israel Defense Forces Underestimate Hamas? by Carmine StarninoWhy Do I Constantly Have to Prove My Disability? by Meagan GillmoreWhy Are We So Obsessed with Scammers? by Michelle KrasovitskiGrowing Up Mulroney by Tessa Lloyd Beware of the Newsroom-Destroying “Answer Engine” - Tech companies are creating conditions that will deal a death blow to journalism everywhere by Carmine Starnino There’s a Path to Peace in Israel and Palestine - Territory is a fixed commodity. But compassion, freedom, and dignity should have no boundaries by Mira Sucharov Me, My Selfies, and I - Those of us on the line between Gen X and millennial are watching our identities shift and age in a way no previous generation has by Erika Thorkelson The North Runs on Facebook - At twenty, the social media giant might seem old school. For many of us up here, it’s still the place to be by Eva Holland A Foiled Assassination Points to India’s Increasing Recklessness - Cases in the US and Canada raise troubling questions about the motives of the Modi government by Sushant Singh Deepfakes Will Break Democracy - The fragmenting of shared reality is fuelling political extremism and dysfunction by Kyle Hiebert Cashflow worries are top of mind for Canadian small businesses - Accounting platform Xero says the Canadian market is sitting on "major untapped opportunity" in direct payment gateways by The Walrus Lab At McMaster University, Building a Better 2080 Starts Now - The Imagining 2080 forum invited future-thinkers from across generations and disciplines to envision possible futures for Canada by The Walrus Lab Momentum Ventures: Empowering Connectivity Through Travel - From AI to electric aviation and beyond, how a Canadian holding company is moving the travel economy by The Walrus Lab Events The Walrus Talks at Home: Arts and Culture Right Now - Revolutionizing Arts and Culture in the Digital Era The Walrus Talks Nature - Exploring how nature and Canada’s trails can play a pivotal role in bolstering the environment, economy, and health of all Canadians Unexpected Climate Connections - Advancing good policy for the economy and the environment The Walrus Talks It’s Electric - The road to sustainable futures, cities, and industry The Walrus Talks Cultural Futures - How AI is impacting Canadian society, arts, and culture [WATCH] Climate Talks: Protecting Biodiversity from the Impacts of Climate Change - Breaking Down Silos—The Role of Communication Inside the March/April issue of The Walrus ➔ The Pulitzer Prize–winning podcaster changing journalism as we know it ➔ What does “defence” really mean? ➔ The Winnipeg Art Gallery’s ties to a Nazi sympathizer ➔ How government efforts to help vulnerable workers may be retraumatizing them ➔ The rise and fall of MuchMusic Subscribe now Podcasts Imagine 2080 Subscribe to this Podcast 2080 isn’t just a few years into the future—it’s two generations away. How can the Indigenous concept of 7 generation thinking inform how we understand our current circumstances and influence the decisions we make today? As we shift our focus to consider generational impact, we ask how young people envision the future and explore how AI may change the way we think and interact. The Conversation Piece Subscribe to this Podcast There is a gap between our anti-violence values and our competence and confidence to play an anti-violence role in real life, but Paulette Senior is determined to close it. Paulette is the CEO and President of the Canadian Women’s Foundation. She explains how confronting biases around gender-based violence is critical for supporting survivors and outlines what tools are available to those in crisis through the Canadian Women’s Foundation. This episode is presented by The Canadian Women’s Foundation. Canadian Time Machine Subscribe to this Podcast On this episode, we delve into the drafting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by Canadian lawyer, John Peters Humphrey. Adopted by the UN in 1948, it’s been over 75 years since global leaders pledged to prevent WWII horrors. As we celebrate its impact, it’s also an opportunity to have a conversation about the current state of human rights, both around the world, and in Canada. Politics Deepfakes Will Break Democracy - The fragmenting of shared reality is fuelling political extremism and dysfunction by Kyle Hiebert The Emergencies Act Is Outdated and Polarizing by Arno KopeckyThe Quebec Government’s Plan to Kill English Universities by Toula Drimonis READ MORE > Arts Me, My Selfies, and I - Those of us on the line between Gen X and millennial are watching our identities shift and age in a way no previous generation has by Erika Thorkelson The North Runs on Facebook by Eva HollandSocial Media Is Warping History by Colin Horgan READ MORE > Environment Skiing Is Becoming an Endangered Pastime - Across Canada, snow cover has been declining. Will winter, and winter sports, soon be extinct? by Michelle Cyca Vaclav Smil Is Fed Up with Climate Activism by Arno KopeckyExclusive: Docs Blocked by BC NDP Raise Questions about First Nation Statement on Fairy Creek Protests by Jimmy Thomson READ MORE > Health Don’t Get Sick in Quebec - What happens when a government decides to prioritize language laws over nurses and doctors? by Toula Drimonis Family Doctors’ Burnout Is about More than Their Workload by Samia MadwarThe Lobby Group That Owns the Conversation around Assisted Deaths by Miranda Schreiber READ MORE > Poetry Two Poems by Michael Ondaatje - a bowl to beg with, / a howl to scent a friend by Michael Ondaatje Definition by Rhea TregebovI Pass His School during Lunch by Matthew Tierney READ MORE > Fiction Two Female Modes of Transportation - The boy watches as the girl slumps over herself, the fire hair like a warning against coming closer by Jowita Bydlowska The Last Vacation by Marlowe GranadosJude the Brave by Claire Cameron READ MORE > The Walrus newsletter Don’t let news disappear from your feed. Sign up for The Walrus newsletter and get trusted Canadian journalism straight in your inbox. View all newsletters >> ​​The Walrus sparks conversations about Canada and its place in the world through our award-winning independent journalism, fact checking, events, podcasts, and content solutions. The Walrus is a registered charity with an educational mandate. Read more on our About Us page. About The WalrusAbout Us Our Staff Contact Submissions Careers & Fellowships Advertise with us About The Walrus About Us Our Staff Contact Us Careers Fellowships Submissions Advertise with Us Events Get Tickets The Walrus Talks The Walrus Gala Get in Touch Subscribe Customer Care Purchase a Subscription Renew Your Subscription Games Newsletters Shop The Walrus Store Podcasts Articles The Conversation Piece The Walrus Podcasts The Walrus Lab Amazon Canada First Novel Award Content Services Podcast Services Our Clients Get in Touch Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Facebook Instagram Substack Support independent Canadian reporting and storytelling Make a donation Accessibility Help Privacy Policy Cookie Policy The Walrus is located within the bounds of Treaty 13 signed with the Mississaugas of the Credit. This land is also the traditional territory of the Anishnabeg, the Haudenosaunee, and the Wendat peoples.Learn more >> © 2023 The Walrus. All Rights Reserved. Charitable Registration Number: No. 861851624-RR0001 © 2024 The Walrus. All Rights Reserved. Charitable Registration Number: No. 861851624-RR0001 Accessibility Help Privacy Policy Cookie Policy SubscribeMagazine Subscription Weekly Newsletter Events Newsletter The Walrus Lab Newsletter The Conversation Piece Podcast MoreThe Walrus Talks @Home The Walrus Books The Walrus Podcasts Magazine Archives Policies and Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2023 The Walrus. All Rights Reserved. Charitable Registration Number: No. 861851624-RR0001 ​​The Walrus is located within the bounds of Treaty 13 signed with the Mississaugas of the Credit. This land is also the traditional territory of the Anishnabeg, the Haudenosaunee, and the Wendat peoples. The Walrus uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. × Hey, thank you for reading!I think you’ll agree this story was powerful. DONATE TODAY Or make an annual donation Before you go, did you know that The Walrus is a registered charity? We rely on donations and support from readers like you to keep our journalism independent and freely available online. Read more… When you donate to The Walrus, you’re helping writers, editors, and artists produce stories like the ones you’ve just read. Every story is meticulously researched, written, and edited, before undergoing a rigorous fact-checking process. These stories take time, but they’re worth the effort, because you leave our site better informed about Canada and its people. If you’d like to ensure we continue creating stories that matter to you, with a level of accuracy you can trust, please consider becoming a supporter of The Walrus. I know it’s tough out there with inflation and rising costs, but good journalism affects us as well, so I don’t ask this lightly. Will you join us in keeping independent journalism free and available to all? Samia Madwar Senior Editor, The Walrus Hey, thank you for reading! Before you go, did you know that The Walrus is a registered charity? We rely on donations and support from readers like you to keep our journalism independent and freely available online. If you’d like to ensure we continue creating stories that matter to you, with a level of accuracy you can trust, please consider becoming a supporter of The Walrus. I know it’s tough out there with inflation and rising costs, but good journalism affects us as well, so I don’t ask this lightly. Will you join us in keeping independent journalism free and available to all? Samia Madwar Senior Editor, The Walrus DONATE TODAY Or make an annual donation × Hey, thank you for reading!I think you’ll agree this story was powerful. DONATE TODAY Or make an annual donation Before you go, did you know that The Walrus is a registered charity? We rely on donations and support from readers like you to keep our journalism independent and freely available online. Read more… When you donate to The Walrus, you’re helping writers, editors, and artists produce stories like the ones you’ve just read. Every story is meticulously researched, written, and edited, before undergoing a rigorous fact-checking process. These stories take time, but they’re worth the effort, because you leave our site better informed about Canada and its people. If you’d like to ensure we continue creating stories that matter to you, with a level of accuracy you can trust, please consider becoming a supporter of The Walrus. I know it’s tough out there with inflation and rising costs, but good journalism affects us as well, so I don’t ask this lightly. Will you join us in keeping independent journalism free and available to all? Samia Madwar Senior Editor, The Walrus Hey, thank you for reading! Before you go, did you know that The Walrus is a registered charity? We rely on donations and support from readers like you to keep our journalism independent and freely available online. If you’d like to ensure we continue creating stories that matter to you, with a level of accuracy you can trust, please consider becoming a supporter of The Walrus. I know it’s tough out there with inflation and rising costs, but good journalism affects us as well, so I don’t ask this lightly. Will you join us in keeping independent journalism free and available to all? Samia Madwar Senior Editor, The Walrus DONATE TODAY Or make an annual donation ×