ZME Science: not exactly rocket science ZME Science Science News Agriculture Anthropology Archaeology Biology Chemistry Economics Electronics Geology History Mathematics Nanotechnology Economics Paleontology Physics Psychology Robotics Environment Animals Climate Renewable Energy Health Space Future Features Natural Sciences Physics Matter and Energy Quantum Mechanics Thermodynamics Chemistry Periodic Table Applied Chemistry Materials Physical Chemistry Biology Anatomy Biochemistry Ecology Genetics Microbiology Plants and Fungi Geology and Paleontology Planet Earth Earth Dynamics Rocks and Minerals Volcanoes Dinosaurs Fossils Animals Mammals Birds Fish Amphibians Reptiles Invertebrates Pets Conservation Animal facts Climate and Weather Climate change Weather and atmosphere Health Drugs Diseases and Conditions Human Body Mind and Brain Food and Nutrition Wellness History and Humanities Anthropology Archaeology History Economics People Sociology Space & Astronomy The Solar System Sun The Moon Planets Asteroids, meteors & comets Astronomy Astrophysics Cosmology Exoplanets & Alien Life Spaceflight and Exploration Technology Computer Science & IT Engineering Inventions Sustainability Renewable Energy Green Living Culture Culture & Society Bizarre Stories Lifestyle Art and Music Gaming Books Movies and Shows Resources How To Science Careers Metascience Fringe Science Science Experiments School and Study Videos Reviews About Us About The Team Advertise Contribute Privacy Policy Contact No Result View All Result No Result View All Result Latest Science News Dinosaurs Pachycephalosaurus: “Thick-Headed Lizard” byTudor Tarita March 5, 2024 Like humans, this dinosaur's thick skull was supposedly only for showing off. Read more Science Feast or famine: the surprising link between mosquito nutrition and disease transmission byMihai Andrei March 5, 2024 Hungry mosquitoes apparently make for better vectors of disease. Read more Health Rats on cocaine show there’s more to addiction than just dopamine byTibi Puiu March 4, 2024 - Updated on March 5, 2024 A new study challenges the conventional link between dopamine and drug abuse. Read more Science Plasma can protect hydroponic crops from pathogens byMihai Andrei March 4, 2024 Cutting edge agriculture just got a bit better. Read more Future Eco-friendly breakthrough extracts gold out of e-waste — and it’s all thanks to cheese byTibi Puiu March 4, 2024 A novel method recovers gold from smartphones, computers and other electronic waste using whey protein. Read more Biology Human ancestors probably lost their tails 25 million years ago — and a strange ‘jumping gene’ may explain why byTibi Puiu March 4, 2024 Humans and other apes are tail-less due to a peculiar 'jumping gene', which used to be considered 'junk DNA'. Read more Science Cities are vulnerable to heatwaves. But green spaces can help more than we thought byMihai Andrei March 4, 2024 The heatwaves aren't here yet. But they will come. Read more Load More Exclusive Oceanography Marine biologist relays ocean’s cry for help and how we can answer February 27, 2024 News 9 lesser known architectural wonders we lost to time February 23, 2024 Pieces 6 Ways the Universe Changed in 2023 (Like Every Year): from Moon Drifts to Sun’s Mass Loss January 11, 2024 Chemistry Defying the impossible: How a Nobel Laurate chemist invented a new field in catalysis against all odds January 10, 2024 Animals Intelligent or intimidating? Orcas’ boat attacks spark debates among marine experts January 4, 2024 Pieces Zero gravity, equal opportunity: How disabled astronauts are rewriting the rules in space December 19, 2023 - Updated on December 20, 2023 Economics Why high inflation will never go away (from your head) December 10, 2023 Movies and Shows I asked ChatGPT to turn famous scientists into Simpsons characters — and it’s just gold December 6, 2023 Animals Mapping Mogens: A researcher’s cat adventures revealed through science November 30, 2023 Chemistry Plastic out of thin air? Scientists make alternative plastic from atmospheric nitrogen November 22, 2023 Environment From Gray to Green: How Building With Nature May Save Our Fragile Coastlines November 14, 2023 Computer Science & IT The hidden language of computers: how a RISC(y) bet reshaped modern technology October 23, 2023 Archaeology The stunning archaeology uncovered by a railway project in Britain September 22, 2023 Pieces Man-made satellites may be hiding hazardous asteroids August 29, 2023 Pieces Beyond the hype: How many asteroids whoosh by Earth? August 10, 2023 - Updated on January 29, 2024 Embark on a Journey of Scientific Discovery!Dive into our captivating collection of featured articles that cover physics, biology, space, human culture, and beyond, with thought-provoking journalism that will ignite your curiosity and expand your knowledge.Start Exploring! Natural Sciences Dinosaurs Pachycephalosaurus: “Thick-Headed Lizard” byTudor Tarita March 5, 2024 Like humans, this dinosaur's thick skull was supposedly only for showing off. Read more How to collect rocks — the comprehensive guide for the amateur geologist Ankylosaurus: “Fused Lizard” Iguanodon: “Iguana Tooth” Scientists zoom in on greener way to dye blue denim Health Mind and Brain Do we think in words or pictures? byJoshika Komarla February 23, 2024 - Updated on February 24, 2024 It's a mix of both and much more. Read more How often do you need to change your toothbrush? Retinol vs. Retinal: Which One is Better for Skincare? Why we mix people’s names: science says it’s because you might care about them How much of human intelligence is genetic versus acquired? Is it even possible to get smarter? History and Humanities History Who was Elizabeth Báthory: the Blood Countess and Hungary’s own female Dracula byTibi Puiu January 23, 2024 The dark story of a 17th-century Hungarian countess and her torturous escapades. Read more Why high inflation will never go away (from your head) Why do we carve pumpkins for Halloween? The history of a popular and ancient tradition The origin of Halloween Horten Ho 229: the secret Nazi jet-engine stealth warplane that was decades ahead of its time Space and Astronomy Asteroids, meteors & comets Extraterrestrial rocks — the geology of our solar system byMihai Andrei January 4, 2024 - Updated on January 8, 2024 The different types of rocks found in our solar system besides Earth. Read more Scientists finally confirm what’s inside the Moon – and it’s not cheese 12 Facts About the Moon — Decoding the Mysteries of our Lunar Companion Digging the stars: Galactic archaeology is a key to the universe’s past White Dwarf Stars: The Tiny Giants Revealing the Universe’s Secrets Technology Computer Science & IT The hidden language of computers: how a RISC(y) bet reshaped modern technology byTibi Puiu October 23, 2023 How two computer scientists defied mainstream thinking by simplifying the way computers 'talk' to each other. Read more Horten Ho 229: the secret Nazi jet-engine stealth warplane that was decades ahead of its time Real-life invisibility cloaks are already here. But how do they work? What Are Molten Salt Reactors: The Saviors of Nuclear Power Chromebook Vs. Laptop — which one should you get and why? Culture Culture & Society The Different Names and Versions of Santa Claus byMihai Andrei December 13, 2023 - Updated on December 20, 2023 Exploring the evolution of Santa Claus through history, culture, and fairy tales. Read more How to celebrate Yule Yule and the Wild Hunt Yule Traditions: From Wreaths to the Yule Log How Vikings Celebrated Christmas Reviews Book Reviews Book review: On Niccolò Machiavelli November 17, 2023 Product Review Desk review: Fezibo adjustable electric standing desk November 16, 2023 - Updated on November 17, 2023 Buying Guides Best Home CO2 Monitors to Keep Your House Clean and Brain Sharp September 14, 2023 Buying Guides The Best Smart Coffee Machines to Kick Off Your Morning Brew September 12, 2023 Buying Guides The best wireless temperature alarm monitors for freezers September 7, 2023 Buying Guides Best Smart Kettles to Brew Your Tea In Style and Efficiently August 25, 2023 Buying Guides The best solar pool heaters — soak up the sun June 22, 2023 - Updated on June 29, 2023 Buying Guides The Best Aesthetic Mechanical Keyboards for Every Style June 21, 2023 - Updated on June 22, 2023 Buying Guides Best exercise and stationary bikes for home workouts in 2023 May 23, 2023 - Updated on June 21, 2023 Product Review The Lefant M1 robot vacuum review: good cleaning and affordable Lidar May 9, 2023 - Updated on May 13, 2023 Buying Guides Best solar water pumps for garden fountains April 18, 2023 - Updated on May 10, 2023 Book Reviews How to Think Like Shakespeare April 10, 2023 ZME Science employs a meticulous, expert-driven product review process. Our dedicated team conducts thorough assessments, leaving no stone unturned, to provide unbiased, insightful reviews. Science News Rocks and Minerals How to collect rocks — the comprehensive guide for the amateur geologist byMihai Andrei March 4, 2024 Collecting rocks is one of the best hobbies to connect you with nature. Read more Dinosaurs Ankylosaurus: “Fused Lizard” byTudor Tarita March 4, 2024 Fossil records speak of one that could deter the Tyrannosaurus. If the Rex was an unstoppable force, this dinosaur is... Read more Animals Tiny Brazilian frog is world’s smallest vertebrate. You could fit dozens on a quarter byTibi Puiu March 1, 2024 One specimen was smaller than seven millimeters. Read more Science Did we already colonize the moon — with tardigrades? byMihai Andrei February 29, 2024 They're some of the toughest creatures we know of. We may have just brought them to the moon. Read more Animals Footage captures first time humpback whales having sex — and we weren’t prepared for this byTibi Puiu February 29, 2024 Humping humpbacks add new insight into whale reproductive behavior. Read more Science This small transparent fish produces insanely loud sounds by accelerating cartilage at 2,000 g byMihai Andrei February 29, 2024 Some animals are notorious for their loud sounds, but for fish, this is very unusual. Read more Biology New biosensor can detect breast cancer in just five seconds using saliva — for just $5 byRupendra Brahambhatt February 29, 2024 The world is in dire need of an accessible and affordable breast cancer screening technology. Here is one that looks... Read more News Scientists measure gravity of smallest mass so far, chasing Holy Grail of physics byTibi Puiu February 29, 2024 New research is providing insight that may help bridge gravity and quantum mechanics. Read more Health Boiling water can help remove up to 90% of microplastics byTibi Puiu February 28, 2024 A surprising kitchen remedy for cleaner drinking water free of microplastic contaminants. Read more Science Researchers create smartphone app that can diagnose depression from facial features byMihai Andrei February 28, 2024 Detecting depression in its earlier stages is a big challenge. Read more Load More About Advertise Editorial Policy Privacy Policy and Terms of Use How we review products Contact © 2007-2023 ZME Science - Not exactly rocket science. All Rights Reserved. No Result View All Result Science News Agriculture Anthropology Archaeology Biology Chemistry Economics Electronics Geology History Mathematics Nanotechnology Economics Paleontology Physics Psychology Robotics Environment Animals Climate Renewable Energy Health Space Future Features Natural Sciences Physics Matter and Energy Quantum Mechanics Thermodynamics Chemistry Periodic Table Applied Chemistry Materials Physical Chemistry Biology Anatomy Biochemistry Ecology Genetics Microbiology Plants and Fungi Geology and Paleontology Planet Earth Earth Dynamics Rocks and Minerals Volcanoes Dinosaurs Fossils Animals Mammals Birds Fish Amphibians Reptiles Invertebrates Pets Conservation Animal facts Climate and Weather Climate change Weather and atmosphere Health Drugs Diseases and Conditions Human Body Mind and Brain Food and Nutrition Wellness History and Humanities Anthropology Archaeology History Economics People Sociology Space & Astronomy The Solar System Sun The Moon Planets Asteroids, meteors & comets Astronomy Astrophysics Cosmology Exoplanets & Alien Life Spaceflight and Exploration Technology Computer Science & IT Engineering Inventions Sustainability Renewable Energy Green Living Culture Culture & Society Bizarre Stories Lifestyle Art and Music Gaming Books Movies and Shows Resources How To Science Careers Metascience Fringe Science Science Experiments School and Study Videos Reviews About Us About The Team Advertise Contribute Privacy Policy Contact © 2007-2023 ZME Science - Not exactly rocket science. All Rights Reserved.