Partnership on AI - Home - Partnership on AI OUR WORK How We Work Programs Inclusive Research & Design AI & Media Integrity AI, Labor, and the Economy FTA & ABOUT ML Safety-Critical AI Workstreams Public Policy Impact Stories RESOURCES Blog Resource Library EVENTS ABOUT US About Us Mission, Vision, & Values Pillars Tenets Team Funding Press Careers PARTNERS Donate OUR WORK How We Work Programs Inclusive Research & Design AI & Media Integrity AI, Labor, and the Economy FTA & ABOUT ML Safety-Critical AI Workstreams Public Policy Impact Stories RESOURCES Blog Resource Library EVENTS ABOUT US About Us Mission, Vision, & Values Pillars Tenets Team Funding Press Careers PARTNERS Donate DONATE × SEARCH Partnership on AI brings together diverse voices from the AI community to address important questions about our future with AI. Get Involved New Resource Guidance for Safe Foundation Model Deployment PAI’s Guidance for Safe Foundation Model Deployment is a framework for model providers to responsibly develop and deploy a range of AI models, promote safety for society, and adapt to evolving capabilities and uses. See the Guidance Featured See all stories Partnership on AI Welcomes New Partners Capital One, Creative Commons, and Prolific Read More AI Rules of the Road in 2024 Read More Building a Glossary for Synthetic Media Transparency Methods, Part 1: Indirect Disclosure Read More Resources See all our work Responsible Practices for Synthetic Media A framework for collective action on how to responsibly develop, create, and share synthetic media. Explore Guidelines for AI and Shared Prosperity AI developers, AI users, policymakers, labor organizations, and workers can all help steer AI so its economic benefits are shared by everyone. Explore AI Adoption for Newsrooms: A 10-Step Guide A step by step guide to the responsible adoption of AI tools in newsrooms. Explore In the News See all Stories As AI Rapidly Becomes A Commodity, Time To Consider The Next Step The Biden Deepfake Robocall is Only the Beginning The Privacy Paradox with AI AI is a Lot of Work Facing disturbing content daily, online moderators in Africa want better protections and a fair wage ChatGPT is powered by these contractors making $15 an hour Our Partners See all Partners PAI’s partner community comes from across the globe, spanning sectors, disciplines, and borders. Partner organizations have the unique opportunity to participate in PAI’s work, including: Research collaborations International convenings & forums Developing industry guidelines Educating public policymakers By gathering the leading companies, organizations, and people affected by artificial intelligence, PAI establishes a common ground between entities that otherwise may not have cause to work together, and in so doing, serves as a uniting force for good in the AI ecosystem. Become a Partner “I appreciate that PAI is a convener, able to draw industry, civil society, and academia together for discussions and debates about important issues.” Lartease Tiffith Senior Manager, Public PolicyAmazon “PAI plays a crucial role in facilitating global progress on AI ethics issues. PAI’s multi-stakeholder approach is key to driving change in large corporate organizations that ultimately affect billions of lives through AI products.” Michael Spranger COOSony AI “If our democracy is to remain strong, it must have powerful institutions dedicated to the common good. The Partnership on AI is just such an institution.” DR. MICHAEL MCAFEE PRESIDENT AND CEOPOLICYLINK “I have been incredibly impressed with PAI’s focus on media integrity issues as they relate to platform interventions. The work has been professional, rigorous and much needed.” Claire Wardle Co-founder and U.S. DirectorFirst Draft “We are proud to join the Partnership on AI to further its collaborative, cross-industry approach to address the challenges of misleading and harmful content online.” DANA RAO Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate SecretaryAdobe Our Topic Areas Learn more about our work Inclusive Research and Design AI and Media Integrity AI, Labor, and the Economy Fairness, Transparency, and Accountability Safety-Critical AI Public Policy Support Our Work Donations from supporters like you make it possible for Partnership on AI to carry out our vital work and ensure developments in AI to advance positive outcomes for people and society. Your gift helps us develop tools and recommendations, host convenings with diverse stakeholders, and inform the public about this rapidly evolving technology. Nonprofit Transparency Partnership on AI to Benefit People and Society (PAI) is an independent, nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization. It was originally established by a coalition of representatives from technology companies, civil society organizations, and academic institutions, and supported originally by multi-year grants from Apple, Amazon, Meta, Google/DeepMind, IBM, and Microsoft. Annual Reports 2022 2021 2020 2019 Our 990s 2022 2021 2020 2019 OUR WORK RESOURCES EVENTS ABOUT US PARTNERS Donate © 2024 Partnership on AI | All Rights Reserved Transparency and Governance Privacy Policy