Online collaborative music notation software - Flat Skip to content Features Product Overview Real-time Collaboration Offline Mode High Quality Instruments Complete History Guitar Tabs Editor Tutorials Pricing Community Company About Blog Product Updates Our Products Flat Flat for Education Music Snippet Embed Log In Get started for free! English (US) English (GB) Français Español 日本語 Embed REST API Import API Support Blog Features Tutorials Pricing Community Company Our Products English (US) English (GB) Français Español 日本語 Log In Get started for free! Write music online, together. Flat is a collaborative music notation platform for beginner composers and professionals alike. Get started for free! Take your compositions to the next level Flat gives you the tools you need to write and share your scores with a global community of 5M+ music lovers. Real-time Collaboration Invite your friends to compose with you. Scores can be opened and edited in real time by multiple people using different devices, at the same time. Discover Offline Mode You can keep on working even if you lose your network connection. All your changes will be synchronized as soon as you are back online. Discover High Quality Instruments We provide studio-recorded instruments to deliver a very realistic audio experience. These instruments come with real human touch and 3 different velocities. Discover Complete History Note after note, every modification you make on your score is saved and you can restore a previous version whenever you want. Discover Invite your friends to compose with you. Scores can be opened and edited in real time by multiple people using different devices, at the same time. Discover You can keep on working even if you lose your network connection. All your changes will be synchronized as soon as you are back online. Discover We provide studio-recorded instruments to deliver a very realistic audio experience. These instruments come with real human touch and 3 different velocities. Discover Note after note, every modification you make on your score is saved and you can restore a previous version whenever you want. Discover Real-time Collaboration Invite your friends to compose with you. Scores can be opened and edited in real time by multiple people using different devices, at the same time. Discover Offline Mode You can keep on working even if you lose your network connection. All your changes will be synchronized as soon as you are back online. Discover High Quality Instruments We provide studio-recorded instruments to deliver a very realistic audio experience. These instruments come with real human touch and 3 different velocities. Discover Complete History Note after note, every modification you make on your score is saved and you can restore a previous version whenever you want. Discover Everything you expect, and more. MIDI Composition Use your MIDI device to input notes and chords. Learn more Easy Transposition Adapt a score to your instrument or register in a few clicks. Learn more MusicXML/MIDI Files Easily move your scores from and into other softwares. Learn more Advanced Layout Customization Change the density and the style of your musical content. Learn more Compose where it suits you best. Don’t let anything stop your creative flow. Using an iOS or Android device? Get the app. For the guitar players: a complete tablature editor. Flat offers native support on all the common tools you need for your tab marking creations, with tabs automatically synchronized with the music notation. Using Flat for tabs Not just a notation platform. A global community of 5M+ music lovers. Flat is the biggest community of creators driven by the love for music. Get Started. Join our community. The perfect place to grow as a composer. Share your creations with the world, get and give feedback, and meet like-minded music enthusiasts. Learn more Read, listen, like, comment, share. Be part of your favorite composers’ journey. Explore more community scores Flat is a game changer for music composers of all levels Dallin Attwooll Flat User I just quickly signed up to complete a quick transcription for a friend and I was blown away by the intuitiveness of your program and that it was for free! David Dariza Flat User Thank you so much for developing this tool. I found it super intuitive and easy to use. Jonathon E. Stewart Screenwriter of Pixar Disney’s Cars 3, Smallfoot & Angry Birds 2 Please keep up with your platform-it is a wonderful tool and has propelled our son into writing his own music in a way that no other platform or app has been able to. Gideon Waxman London based drummer and music educator I found Flat amazing to use! It's really good, I'll definitely be using it more from now on! Sawyer Tucker Flat User Flat power is definitely a must have! It allows you to take your music to the next level and have so much more freedom with your composing. Doug Flat User I absolutely love using the program! I am constantly surprised at how many features are here and the professional look of the final product. Sounds good? Write your first music score on Flat today! Get started for free! Flat Product Overview Real-time Collaboration Offline Mode High Quality Instruments Complete History Guitar Tabs Editor Tutorials Pricing Community Gift Card Company About Blog Product Updates Careers Our Products Flat Flat for Education Music Snippet Embed Support Help Developers / APIs Service Status Legal Information Privacy Policy Reach Us Contact Us © 2024 All rights reserved.