Uncompromising, precision made jewellery | Swedish Collar Skip to content EU customers pay the tax of their country. Outside the EU is VAT-free. 0.00 € 0 Cart Shop Order Tracking Terms & Conditions Sizing Collars, Size & Weight Wrist cuffs, Size & Weight About About FAQ Blog Privacy Policy Contact Gallery Shop Order Tracking Terms & Conditions Sizing Collars, Size & Weight Wrist cuffs, Size & Weight About About FAQ Blog Privacy Policy Contact Gallery 0.00 € 0 Cart uncompromising precision made jewellery Inspired by Bauhaus designs, invented for self-expression. Order now ⟶ UNCOMPROMISING,PRECISION MADE JEWELLERY Showcase 1Showcase 2Showcase 3Showcase 4Showcase 5Showcase 5Showcase 6Showcase 7Cuffs in Black aluminium20231019_1725094x4 cuffs in Laodlaz Play Video Your perfect accessory Made with quality in mind, with the perfect fit for all neck sizes Shop now ⟶ Restrictive & Fashionable Restrictive in the best way possible with style for any fashion outfit. Design Language The Swedish Collar is designed to give the owner a luxurious and exclusive feeling, with its lavish design fitting the neck and enhancing the appearance of those close to it. The curvature of the collar and locking plate adds to the sense of luxury. Quality Materials All components of the collars are corrosion-resistant, made of materials such as stainless steel or surgical steel (316L) for the stainless steel collar, and corrosion-resistant aluminum with a beautiful black finish for the aluminum collar. Key System The collar features a convenient, tool-less locking mechanism that can be easily opened and closed with a magnet. The locking plate is spring-loaded and can be released with a light push and the use of the magnet. Order now ⟶ Get the finest collar Clean designflawless locking mechanism, greatest materials shop now ⟶ Blog About us Contact us Order Tracking FAQ’s Privacy policy 40 mm items 50 mm items All Collars Wrist Cuffs 40 mm items 50 mm items All Collars Wrist Cuffs Instagram Twitter Youtube Collaborations Are Welcome Magazines, tv, and films contact us about collaborations.Freelance models & photographers will be chosen by us for collaborations. PROJECT 46 Uncompromising precision made jewellery inspired by Bauhaus designs home shop SIZING Collars, Size & Weight Wrist cuffs, Size & Weight Collars, Size & Weight Wrist cuffs, Size & Weight ABOUT About Blog Contact Privacy Policy About Blog Contact Privacy Policy gallery contact