friendica – A Decentralized Social Network friendica News About Screenshots Features Requirements Wiki Community Use it Find a server First steps Find other people Install your own server Mobile Clients Download files Contribute GitHub Issues Translate Addons friendica Friendica 2023.12 released A Decentralized Social Network Try It! Decentralization Decentralized architecture with no central authority or ownership. Relationships can be made across any compatible system, creating a network of Internet scale made up of smaller sites. Seamless wall-to-wall posts and remote comments, even across different network nodes. Privacy Access lists for every item. Private conversation groups — on these pages all communications are restricted to group members. One-to-one private messaging on supported protocols. Optionally "expire" old content after a certain period of time. Download your personal data. It all belongs to you. Interoperability Built-in support for ActivityPub (e.g. Funkwhale, Hubzilla, Mastodon, Pleroma, Pixelfed), OStatus (e.g. StatusNet, GNU social, Quitter) and diaspora* protocols. Support for email contacts and communications (two-way) via IMAP4rev1/ESMTP. Import arbitrary websites and blogs into your social stream via RSS/Atom feeds. Support for other services via plugins. A decentralized social network Keep in contact with people you care about. Posts Write your thoughts, edit them if you want. Comment, Like and Dislike posts from your contacts. Photos Share your holiday photos, but only with people you want. Events Organize the next meeting of your reading group, or let everybody know about your cool party! Profiles Like in real life, have a public profile and private aspects only for your closest friends. Or keep everything private! More features Screenshots Try Friendica Do you want to try Friendica but don't have the technical knowledge to install your server? You can create an account on one of the many servers out there which accept new users! Have a look at the list of public servers Free software — Free protocols Friendica is free software and use free protocols. PHP & MySQL Run your personal Friendica node on shared hosts. Friendica runs on PHP with MySQL as a database. If you can run WordPress, you can run Friendica. More Extensible Extensible via third-party plugins and themes. Add functionality, personalize the look and feel, connect to third-party services. More Run your own server Be part of the network, host a Friendica server for you, your family and your friends! Installation guide Last News Friendica 2023.12 released Tobias | 24. December 2023 We are very happy to announce the availability of the new stable release of Friendica “Yellow Archangel” 2023.12. Finally wrapping up the changes since May – the highlights of this release are Note that the minimal PHP version for Friendica was raised to PHP 7.4 with this release. For details, please the CHANGELOG file in […] More Friendica 2024.03 Release Candidate available Tobias | 14. February 2024 Today we have branched off the release candidate branch for the next stable release of Friendica which is scheduled for March. If you want to help finding rough edges and bogus behavior and hopefully fix them before the upcoming release, please checkout the new 2024.03-rc branch and report problems that you encounter. The most notable […] More Friendica 2023.09 Release Candidate available Tobias | 5. October 2023 We have just branched off the 2023.09-rc branches from the current development branch of Friendica, but it is Hacktober already! True at least for the RC we’ll stick to the milestone number 😉 If you want to help finding rough edges and bogus behaviour and hopefully fix them before the upcoming release, please checkout the […] More Sympossium about the Fediverse in Cologne, Germany Tobias | 22. July 2023 Tobias Diekershoff, member of the core maintainer group of the Friendica project, will provide input at the “The world after Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. A new generation of the Internet?“ symposium organized by the Free Software Foundation Europe, the Centre for Civic Education of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia and the Adult Education Centre Cologne. […] More Friendica 2023.05 released Tobias | 23. May 2023 We are very happy to announce the availability of the new stable release of Friendica “Giant Rhubarb” 2023.05. This release contains a security fix of a problem Kirk Strauser (honeypot.net) pointed out, we strongly encourage all admins to update their nodes. The highlights of this release are For details, please the CHANGELOG file in the […] More © 2024 friendica. All Rights Reserved. Original Design: TEMPLATED.