DailyArt Magazine | Art History Stories, Reviews, Long Reads,News Stories Shop Courses Search Art Movements Prehistoric Art Ancient Art Medieval Art Renaissance Mannerism Baroque Rococo Neoclassicism Romanticism Academic Art Realism Symbolism Impressionism Art Nouveau Post-Impressionism Fauvism Expressionism Cubism Surrealism Dadaism Abstract Expressionism Pop art Contemporary Art Art Forms Painting Sculpture Architecture Photography Design Fashion Theater & Cinema Literature Music Dance Regions African Art Art of Australia & Oceania Asian Art European Art North American Art South American Art Special Ukraine Special Art History 101 WTF Art History Women Artists Artist Stories Museum Stories Masterpiece Stories Art Travels Article Types Quizzes Long Read Review Interview News Video About us About Us Our Team Contribute Advertise Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Newsletter Terms and Conditions Website Terms and Conditions Courses Shop Follow Us Women Who Inspire Anni Albers: The Artist Who Transformed Textiles Emily Snow 5 March 2024 Featured Story Venetian Masters Artist Stories Tiepolo: The Last Venetian Master Magda Michalska Rococo Rosalba Carriera: The Accomplished Pastellist Maia Heguiaphal The Most Pioneering Painters of the Venetian Renaissance The Venetian School refers to the painters of the Venetian Renaissance. It developed in Venice in the late 15th century and lasted until around 1580. Charlotte Stace Renaissance Power, Victory and Death: Titian in 5 Paintings from Venice Alina Manevskaya Artist Stories Everything You Need to Know About Giorgione Zuzanna Stańska Art History 101 The Most Pioneering Painters of the Venetian Renaissance The Venetian School refers to the painters of the Venetian Renaissance. It developed in Venice in the late 15th century and lasted until around 1580. Charlotte Stace 5 March 2024 Artist Stories Tiepolo: The Last Venetian Master Mainland Italy is a perfect country for fresco production since it is dominated by a dry climate that preserves frescoes very well. Even though... Magda Michalska 5 March 2024 Rococo Rosalba Carriera: The Accomplished Pastellist Do you know the great Rococo portraitist Rosalba Carriera? She was one of the most famous painters of the early 18th century. Carriera became known... Maia Heguiaphal 5 March 2024 Renaissance Power, Victory and Death: Titian in 5 Paintings from Venice Titian was the most famous painter of the Venetian Renaissance. Even during his lifetime the artist had been acclaimed as the greatest painter of his... Alina Manevskaya 5 March 2024 Artist Stories Everything You Need to Know About Giorgione Giorgione was an Italian painter from Venice whose career was cut off by his death at a little over 30. And that is a problem – everyone knows his... Zuzanna Stańska 5 March 2024 Featured Masterpiece Stories George Rodrigue and His Blue Dogs Zuzanna Stańska 4 March 2024 Herstory Empress Sisi: What Art Doesn’t Show Us Errika Gerakiti 4 March 2024 Contemporary Art Inuit Art: All You Need to Know Seoyoung (Alyssa) Kim 4 March 2024 LatestTrending Browse More Browse More Women Artists Anni Albers: The Artist Who Transformed Textiles Anni Albers once referred to textile-making as “rather sissy”. Fortunately she later had a change of heart. From the Bauhaus in Germany... Emily Snow 5 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Charles Demuth and the Figure 5 This one-sentence poem by the American poet William Carlos Williams was the inspiration for an incredible abstract work by American artist, Charles... Wendy Gray 4 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Officer of the Hussars by Kehinde Wiley Let’s talk about the Officer of the Hussars by Kehinde Wiley. Wiley is a Nigerian artist, based in New York, with studios in China and Senegal. He... Joanna Kaszubowska 4 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Harmony in Red by Henri Matisse Sergei Shchukin once said “If a picture gives you a psychological shock, buy it. It’s a good one.” And the Matisse painting I would like to... Zuzanna Stańska 4 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: The Vision After the Sermon by Paul Gauguin Paul Gauguin’s Vision after the Sermon is one of the most important works in the artist’s oeuvre. Painted in Brittany, its rich symbolism... Zuzanna Stańska 4 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Saint George and the Dragon There is a skirmish between the hero and the villain. Fabrics whip about, horse hoofs trample, and a dying scream erupts as Saint George slaughters... James W Singer 4 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Portrait of Virginia Woolf by Vanessa Bell Rebellious, creative and productive. Three of the so many adjectives to depict the two very intelligent artists sisters Vanessa Bell and Virginia... Merve Parla 4 March 2024 Women Artists Faith Ringgold: An American Icon Faith Ringgold is an artist, educator, storyteller, activist, and a mother. Ringgold is also an American treasure whose artistic journey has followed... Jennifer S. Musawwir 3 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Cleopatra by Alexandre Cabanel Queen Cleopatra is a popular subject today – as she was in the late 19th century. Alexandre Cabanel’s Cleopatra explores a single moment of her... James W Singer 3 March 2024 We love art history and writing about it. Your support helps us to sustain DailyArt Magazine and keep it running. DailyArt Magazine needs your support. Every contribution, however big or small, is very valuable for our future. Thanks to it, we will be able to sustain and grow the Magazine. Thank you for your help! $5 $10 $25 $50 Monthly Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Queen Nefertari and Goddess Isis Queen Nefertari and Goddess Isis is a fabulous masterpiece of ancient Egyptian art. The wall painting in the queen’s tomb captures the dream of... James W Singer 3 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Elisabeth of Valois by Sofonisba Anguissola The portrait of Elisabeth of Valois by Sofonisba Anguissola depicts a beautiful young Queen of Spain. However, while the imagery is intriguing, the... Anna Ingram 3 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Queen Mother Idia of Benin Africa is a beautiful continent filled with sweeping landscapes and mighty rivers. Its history is filled with great kingdoms and large empires. Its... James W Singer 3 March 2024 Art State of Mind 10 Paintings That Will Bring Sunshine to Your House Throughout history, artists have used light and shadow in their work to create the illusion of a three-dimensional space on a two-dimensional... Ruxi Rusu 15 January 2024 Expressionism 5 Expressionist Artists You Should Know The purpose of art for a group of avant-garde individuals at the turn of the 20th century was no longer the realistic rendition of the natural world,... Guest Profile 29 February 2024 Impressionism Jóannis Kristiansen: The Impressionist of the Land of Maybe We all have heard about and admired impressionists like Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Claude Monet, and Berthe Morisot. Even if you are not an art... Theresa Kohlbeck Jakobsen 29 February 2024 Renaissance The Surprising Career of Lavinia Fontana: Painter of Popes, Nudes, and Noblewomen There weren’t many women who became successful artists in Renaissance Europe. However, there were probably more than most people think, and we try... Alexandra Kiely 25 October 2022 Love Story Unhappily Ever After: Unequal Marriage by Vasili Pukirev Vasili Pukirev’s painting, Unequal Marriage, has a legend surrounding it. Allegedly, after looking at it all the elderly grooms refused to marry... Elizaveta Ermakova 14 December 2023 Artist Stories Aubrey Beardsley: Sharp Blacks and Whites of the Victorian Era Aubrey Beardsley was an extremely talented draughtsman of the Victorian era. As a young boy, he suffered from tuberculosis, yet decided to live his... Magda Michalska 26 February 2023 Bizarre Top 10 Strange and Bizarre Paintings For every picturesque painting, there is at least one strange and bizarre counterpart. We usually gloss over the oddities, because, well, they’re... Abreeza Thomas 29 February 2024 Women Artists Documenting the Internment Experience: Miné Okubo and Citizen 13660 Shortly after the Pearl Harbor attack, thousands of Japanese Americans were forcibly placed in concentration camps. Artist Miné Okubo was in two of... Lauren Kraut 26 February 2024 Fashion The Inked Ladies. Tattooed Women of the Victorian Era Would it surprise you to learn that 59% of American women have at least one tattoo? That’s compared to 41% of American men. Perhaps unsurprising is... Lauren Kraut 17 July 2023 Art State of Mind 5 Positive Effects of Art on Mental Health It is scientifically proven that art can have positive effects on our mood and can help improve our mental health. But what is it about art that... Nina Relf 15 January 2024 Painting Van Gogh’s Marvelous Flower Paintings Vincent van Gogh (1853-1890) was an incredibly prolific artist whose paintings are known all over the world. Besides self-portraits and landscapes,... Camilla de Laurentis 3 November 2023 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Interior of a Picture Gallery by Giovanni Paolo Panini Interior of a Picture Gallery with the Collection of Cardinal Silvio Valenti Gonzaga by Giovanni Paolo Panini shows a truly spectacular assembly of... Alexandra Kiely 26 September 2023 Browse All AdVertisment FEATURED WTF Art History Browse More Animals George Rodrigue and His Blue Dogs Bizarre Vile Bodies? Anatomy in Art Academic Art Masterpiece Story: Cleopatra by Alexandre Cabanel European Art Masterpiece Story: The Death of Barbara Radziwiłł by Józef Simmler Painting Art History Reveals: Women in Sport Bizarre 14 Weirdest Paintings by René Magritte Bizarre 5 Weird Portraits from Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna Bizarre Top 10 Strange and Bizarre Paintings Browse All AdVertisment FEATURED Women Artists Browse More Artist Stories Anni Albers: The Artist Who Transformed Textiles Artist Stories Rosalba Carriera: The Accomplished Pastellist European Art My Great-Grandmother Tamara de Lempicka: An Interview with Marisa de Lempicka European Art Masterpiece Story: Portrait of Virginia Woolf by Vanessa Bell Contemporary Art Faith Ringgold: An American Icon European Art Masterpiece Story: Elisabeth of Valois by Sofonisba Anguissola History An Artistic Look at Women Through the Ages Latin America Masterpiece Story: Self-Portrait with Thorn Necklace and Hummingbird by Frida Kahlo Browse All Long reads Browse More Bizarre Vile Bodies? Anatomy in Art Are you ready to journey into the fascinating world of anatomical art? Read on, as we reveal flesh and blood art through the... Candy Bedworth 4 March 2024 Theater & Cinema Dreams That Money Can Buy? Dadaist Cinema at Its Best Dreams That Money Can Buy (1947) is a Dadaist portmanteau movie, an unknown cinematographic masterpiece combining surrealistic and experimental... Caroline Galambosova 4 March 2024 Interview My Great-Grandmother Tamara de Lempicka: An Interview with Marisa de Lempicka You may not know her name but you surely know her works. Tamara de Lempicka (1898-1980) is the icon of a modern woman, the epitome of Art Deco. She... Lauren Kraut 4 March 2024 All Articles Browse More Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Queen Mother Idia of Benin Africa is a beautiful continent filled with sweeping landscapes and mighty rivers. Its history is filled with great kingdoms and large empires. Its... James W Singer 3 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: In the Studio by William Merritt Chase William Merritt Chase (1849-1916) was an important American artist and teacher. He also had a really cool studio! Let’s take a look inside... Alexandra Kiely 2 March 2024 Video Watch Edward Hopper in Rare Studio Footage This rare documentary footage shows artist Edward Hopper painting in his studio on Washington Square North in New York in 1965, two years before he... Zuzanna Stańska 2 March 2024 Sculpture A Painterly Look Into Sculptors’ Studios Painting and sculpture have always had a rather complicated relationship, with artists arguing for the superiority of one or the other. Yet, in the... Magda Michalska 2 March 2024 Sculpture A Visit to Anish Kapoor’s Studio Anish Kapoor is one of the most prolific and influential sculptors of his generation. He is best known for his public installations which combine... Zuzanna Stańska 2 March 2024 Masterpiece Stories Masterpiece Story: Artist’s Studio–The Dance by Roy Lichtenstein Roy Lichtenstein was a famous American Pop artist, most well known for his original technique of mixed media on canvas, which was meant to remind the... Magda Michalska 2 March 2024 Herstory Women in Science: A Gallery of 10 Trailblazing Minds You have probably heard about the great Marie Curie, but how many women scientists could you list to your friends beyond her? Let’s discover 10... Lisa Scalone 1 March 2024 Photography Marie Curie – Portraits of the Double Nobel Prize Winner Marie Skłodowska-Curie is arguably the most famous female scientist in history and one of the most accomplished scientists ever. Since she was a... Jimena Escoto 1 March 2024 Quiz QUIZ: Test Your Knowledge About Women Artists Isla Phillips-Ewen 1 March 2024 Ancient Rome Woman with Stylus: What a Portrait Can Tell Us About Women in Ancient Rome Woman with Stylus is an ancient Roman fresco unearthed in Pompeii nearly two millennia after the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius in 79 CE. Various details... Natalia Iacobelli 1 March 2024 History An Artistic Look at Women Through the Ages “Woman” is more than just the female of the human species. The word conjures deep emotions and feelings that are as varied as there are... Ledys Chemin 1 March 2024 Sport Art History Reveals: Women in Sport In the annals of history, sport has predominantly been perceived as a male endeavor, a bias that art’s historical narrative often mirrors. Yet,... Nina Relf 1 March 2024 Load More Page 1 of 13 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Support DailyArt Browse More We love art history and writing about it. Your support helps us to sustain DailyArt Magazine and keep it running. Every contribution, however big or small, is so valuable for our future. Support us from as little as $5 Donate We love art history and writing about it. Your support helps us to sustain DailyArt Magazine and keep it running. DailyArt Magazine needs your support. Every contribution, however big or small, is very valuable for our future. Thanks to it, we will be able to sustain and grow the Magazine. Thank you for your help! $5 $10 $25 $50 Monthly Newsletter Never miss DailyArt Magazine's stories. Sign up and get your dose of art history delivered straight to your inbox! I agree to DailyArt Magazine's Newsletter Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from DailyArt Magazine. Subscribe Dailyart About Us Our Team Contribute Advertise Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Newsletter Terms and Conditions Website Terms and Conditions Courses Shop Newsletter Never miss DailyArt Magazine's stories. Sign up and get your dose of art history delivered straight to your inbox! I agree to DailyArt Magazine's Newsletter Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from DailyArt Magazine. Subscribe Subscribe to DailyArt Magazine newsletter Never miss DailyArt Magazine's stories. Sign up and get your dose of art history delivered straight to your inbox! I agree to DailyArt Magazine's Newsletter Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from DailyArt Magazine. Subscribe Privacy Manager