Home - Ubuntu Wiki Partners Support Community Ubuntu.com Ubuntu Wiki Search: Immutable PageInfoAttachments More Actions: Raw Text Print View Render as Docbook Delete Cache ------------------------ Check Spelling Like Pages Local Site Map ------------------------ Rename Page Copy Page Delete Page ------------------------ Subscribe User ------------------------ Remove Spam Revert to this revision Package Pages Sync Pages ------------------------ Load Save SlideShow Ubuntu Wiki Login Help Home • Home • Community • Governance • Get Involved • Community Teams • Weekly Newsletter • Release Information Get Involved If you want to help contribute to Ubuntu, then you’ve come to the right place. Keep reading to learn how. You have just taken your first step toward getting involved. Before you get started, we ask that you please observe the Ubuntu Code of Conduct. It’s not very long and it will help you get started. Once that’s done, check out the Ubuntu Community Hub. Teams The Teams page contains a listing of the various Community Teams, their responsibilities, links to their Wiki Home Pages and leaders, communication tools, and a quick reference to let you know whether and when they hold meetings. Most Teams’ Wiki Home Pages provide information about who they are, what they do, when their meetings are, and how to contact them. Using these pages, teammates are able to communicate and coordinate projects. LoCoTeams For participating on the Country area team contributing to a Local Development of Localization and Internationalization and promoting use of Ubuntu. Governance and Membership Like most communities, we have our rules and governing body. Anyone can join and participate in most, if not all, of our Teams and Projects. But if you want an “@ubuntu.com” e-mail address, it has to be earned. Find out how in our Membership documentation. Community Links As an active member of our community, you probably should check out what else is going on in the world of Ubuntu: The Fridge posts all the latest News and Upcoming Events. Planet Ubuntu is a collection of community blogs. If you are interested in getting to know other Ubuntu users or seeing a list of Ubuntu teams outside the general Ubuntu world, check out our social network page. Releases Released (Current & Stable) Version Release Schedule Support Date Focal Fossa 20.04 LTS April 23, 2020 Supported until June 2025 Jammy Jellyfish 22.04 LTS April 21, 2022 Supported until June 2027 Mantic Minotaur 23.10 October 12, 2023 Supported until July 2024 For more Release information, go to the Releases page. Get the latest Ubuntu Release from the Download Page, or go to the Image Page for specific architectures and daily-live development images. Languages - Spanish Home (last edited 2024-01-25 20:22:36 by brian-murray) The material on this wiki is available under a free license, see Copyright / License for details.