Vue.js Live 2024 Conference About Speakers Workshops Sponsors FAQ Tickets Get Your Ticket Code /Create /Communicate 15+ talks & discussions, 5 workshops 5000+ joining online globally April 25 & 26, 2024 ONLINE Together we are Vue.js Live Reserve a spot Stream page Watch live Stream page Reserve a spot Sponsor us Reserve a spot Recordings on Portal Recordings on Portal Watch 2023 recordings Expand Your Skills, Connect from Anywhere Talks & Live QnA's 25 april Join us online for featuring talks, networking, and inclusive interactivity for all! Remote: 15:00 BST / 16:00 CEST / 5:30 PST / 8:30 EST. See you there! Discussion rooms 26 april Engage with the Vue community! Connect in Discussion Rooms - happening at 3pm BST / 7am PST / 10am EST / 4pm CEST. Free workshops 5+ Explore the latest technologies and industry-leading best practices in our remote workshops led by our seasoned trainers. Elevate your skills and stay ahead of the curve! Vue.js Vite Nuxt.js Pinia Vue Storefront TresJS Chrome CODE/CODE/CODE/CODE/ CREATE/CREATE/CREATE/CREATE/ COMMUNICATE/COMMUNICATE/COMMUNICATE/COMMUNICATE/ Speakers/ & Trainers/ CFP is open until March 15 Want to know the rest? Follow us Submit proposal Full Info Evan You Vue.js & Vite Creator, USA Evan is an independent software developer and the creator of the open source JavaScript framework Vue.js. Most of his work is open source and publicly available on GitHub. You can follow Evan on Twitter where he mostly tweets about Vue and frontend technologies. Full Info Maya Shavin Microsoft, Israel Senior Software Engineer in Microsoft. Core maintainer of StorefrontUI. Full Info Daniel Roe Nuxt, UK Daniel leads the Nuxt core team. Full Info Michael Thiessen Full-time Vue Educator, Canada Full-time Vue Educator Full Info Eduardo San Martin Morote Vue.js Core Team, France Vue.js Core Team Full Info Alvaro Saburido Storyblok, Spain Creative Engineer, passionate about Front-end Development and sharing knowledge. Open source contributor on VueJS and Nuxt related projects. Learning 3D modelling and WebGL. Storyblok Ambassador. Lead of micheladas. I love penguins. Full Info Markus Oberlehner karriere.at GmbH, Austria karriere.at GmbH, Austria Full Info Jakub Andrzejewski Vue Storefront, Poland Senior Developer & Dev Advocate @VueStorefront • Ambassador @nuxt_js, @Storyblok, @algolia • Sharing knowledge about Nuxt / Vue / Perf. Full Info Juan Andrés Núñez Charro Docplanner, Spain Frontend Engineer working at Docplanner. Passionate about Web technologies, JavaScript and Vue.js. Founder of Escuela Vue (http://www.escuelavue.es/). Voracious reader of ancient history and philosophy (Stoicism). TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON Our MC's/ Full Info Konstantin BIFERT Baserow.io, Netherlands Devrel at Baserow.io :avocado: Nuxt and WTM ambassador, sharing good vibes and helping people. Program Committee/ Full Info Konstantin BIFERT Baserow.io, Netherlands Devrel at Baserow.io :avocado: Nuxt and WTM ambassador, sharing good vibes and helping people. Full Info Marc Backes WeAreDevelopers, Luxembourg DevRel Lead at WeAreDevelopers, Co-organizer of BELvue, freelance fullstack developer Full Info Lucie Haberer Prismic, France Lucie Haberer is a Nuxt hacker and ambassador who's into crawling GitHub to find and learn new things. She's currently working from Northern France as a Developer Experience Engineer for Prismic. Lucie loves to fiddle with Node.js and serverless things. With those technologies, she makes things ranging from bots of all sorts to questionable CLIs. Occasionally, she writes technical pieces and promotes artists' work on her website: lucie.red Free Workshops Do you see yourself leading amazing projects? Then you’d better not miss our workshops. Our instructors will help boost your skills and show you new dimensions of Vue.js and JavaScript problem-solving. The workshops: [5+Free Workshops] - included in the full ticket price (to be added soon). free Learn to use composables: the Swiss Army knife of Vue developers Date: May 1, 16:00 CET; location: Remote via Zoom Juan Andrés Núñez Charro Get Full Ticket Follow us for updates Subscribe for conference email updates to hear about the latest news and special deals: Subscribe GITNATION MULTIPASS/ Get access to 10 conferences with a single ticket more details Korben Dallas [email protected] Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Visit site Pricing/ Remote Ticket April 25 & 26 (Remote) 46 Early Birds price ticket Remote participation on April 25 & 26 Interactive video stream in HD quality Remote networking Interactive sessions with speakers Free remote workshops Instant access to talk recordings Remote afterparty Remote tech discussion rooms Certificates on conference / workshop participation Order now Remote Full Ticket with Multipass April 25 & 26 (Remote) 17/month Remote participation on April 25 & 26 Interactive video stream in HD quality Remote networking Interactive sessions with speakers Free remote workshops Early access to talk recordings Remote tech discussion rooms Certificates on conference / workshop participation Full remote access to React Summit, JSNation, TechLeadConf and more JS conferences Order now Full ticket attendee perks Free workshops Live participation + workshop recordings will be shared after the conference 2x more content Enjoy 2 days of talks & discussions from world renowned speakers Enjoy HD streaming quality Get the full experience & get prepared for a big screen Get recordings straight after the conference Others get it in a month HANDS-ON WORKSHOPS WITH FIELD EXPERTS Vue3, Nuxt, Vuetify, etc. SPEAKERS’ PERSONAL VIDEO ROOMS Hang out with well-know Vue.js developers and ask them anything Q&A Discord channels Enjoy chatting with the speakers in Discord space Your chance to get a free full ticket Share your personal badge on Twitter or Linkedin and get a free limited Watch-only Ticket (50% of talks, no workshops). When 3 friends register with your badge you get a free Full Remote Ticket. Share badge and get a free access 983402 Korben Dallas [email protected] Giving back to community We try our best to make the event accessible and inclusive for a diverse audience. Get in touch with us if you wish to support this initiative, and help us provide Diversity Scholarships for the underrepresented groups in tech. 0 of 50 extra diversity scholarships sponsored Apply until March 22, 2024 Sponsor diversity tickets Previous sponsors Platinum Gold Tech Partners Entertainment partners C3 Dev Festival is a contemporary software engineering and design conference. C3 stands for Code, Career and Creativity, and deliveres The most fun way to stay up to date with the tech industry and facilitate your career growth. Check C3 Fest website for details. Follow us/ Sponsorship Opportunities Become a volunteer! Code Of Conduct Data Policy Terms & Conditions More JavaScript Conferences GitNation Careers Email Us! Meetup Event by GitNation Vue.js Live 2024 is over. Do not miss - Learn more In partnership with Focus Reactive Be the first to get conference updates, special offers and discounts from us Subscribe Feel like sponsoring events is a right thing? Sponsorship opportunities