Space News From SpaceDaily.Com - Space Daily SpaceDaily.com SpaceWar.com GPSDaily.com MarsDaily.com MoonDaily.com SaturnDaily.com SkyNightly.com SpaceMart.com Space-Travel.com Space War SpaceWar.com GPSDaily.com SpaceMart.com IndoDaily.com RussoDaily.com SinoDaily.com Terra Daily TerraDaily.com AfricaDaily.net IndoDaily.com InternDaily.com RussoDaily.com SeedDaily.com SinoDaily.com Energy Daily Energy-Daily.com BiofuelDaily.com NanoDaily.com NuclearPowerDaily.com RadarDaily.com RoboDaily.com OilGasDaily.com SolarDaily.com WindDaily.com | Advertise Subscribe Privacy About Us | Call +61 448 005 219 (SYD/AU) March 05, 2024 NASA's SpaceX Crew-8 mission docks with International Space Station Washington DC (UPI) Mar 5, 2024 A SpaceX Dragon capsule successfully docked with the International Space Station early Tuesday, more than 24 hours after it launched from the Florida coast with three American astronauts and one Russian cosmonaut onboard. The spacecraft docked with ISS' forward-facing Harmony module at 2:28 a.m. EST. The opening of the vehicle's hatch is expected to take less than two hours after docking, allowing for several procedures, including the pressurization of the vestibule and checking for leak ... read more Shenzhou 17 astronauts complete China's first in-space repair job Sydney, Australia (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 In a significant milestone for China's space exploration efforts, the Shenzhou XVII mission astronauts conducted a critical repair operation during their second spacewalk at the Tiangong space stati ... more Optimus satellite launch marks a new era for Australia and satellite servicing Sydney, Australia (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 Space Machines Company announced the successful launch of Optimus, Australia's most significant private satellite to date, aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Space Force Base in Califor ... more Australia's first orbital launch facility license awarded to Bowen Spaceport Sydney, Australia (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 Australia is poised to make a giant leap in its space exploration and commercialization efforts with the green light for its first orbital launch site, the Bowen Orbital Spaceport, located in Queens ... more Study determines the original orientations of rocks drilled on Mars Boston MA (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 As it trundles around an ancient lakebed on Mars, NASA's Perseverance rover is assembling a one-of-a-kind rock collection. The car-sized explorer is methodically drilling into the Red Planet's surfa ... more Previous Issues Mar 01 Feb 29 Feb 28 Feb 27 ADVERTISEMENT SPACE.WIRE New NASA astronauts graduate, eying Moon -- and Mars Japan Moon lander put to sleep after surviving lunar night Lights out for wonky US lunar lander, for now To the Moon and back: NASA's Artemis II crew rehearses splashdown As mission ends, US lunar lander could still 'wake' back up US lunar lander still operating despite previous battery warning US Moon lander's battery likely has hours left: company Sideways American lander sends first images back from Moon Japan Moon lander revives after lunar night Biden hails US lunar landing as space milestone TECH.WIRE Meta suffers global Facebook, Instagram outage Meta says looking into global Facebook, Instagram outage US imposes sanctions on spyware group members Five things to know about the EU's landmark digital act Supercharged EU armed - at last - to take on tech titans Nintendo wins battle against piracy software company Ex-Twitter execs sue Musk for unpaid severance Apple hit with 1.8-bn-euro EU fine for music streaming restrictions EU's five biggest antitrust fines on big tech ChatGPT-rival Anthropic releases more powerful AI NUKE.WIRE US encourages N.Korea to allow more foreigners in IAEA chief to hold talks with Putin about Ukraine nuclear plant India's Modi congratulates new Pakistan PM Sharif Western powers shelve plans to censure Iran at UN nuclear meeting Iran executes one over alleged Israel link to attack Christopher Nolan rebuilt Los Alamos 'in secret' for 'Oppenheimer' Putin warns West of nuclear war risk US says Putin nuclear war remarks 'irresponsible' Drones, snake robot enter wrecked Japan nuclear reactor Ignored by 'Oppenheimer,' atomic test victims speak out ispace Europe and CDS Partner to Deploy Advanced Localization Tech on the Moon Luxembourg (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 ispace EUROPE S.A., a Luxembourg-based subsidiary of ispace, inc., has entered into a strategic memorandum of understanding with Control Data Systems SRL (CDS). This collaboration is aimed at develo ... more NASA Names Winners in Lunar Gateway Packing and Storing Challenge Washington DC (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 Humans living in space have confronted the challenge of maximizing the physical space available to them. As NASA works to return astronauts to the Moon with its Art ... more NASA uses ORNL supercomputers to plan smooth landing on Mars Oak Ridge TN (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 A U.S. mission to land astronauts on the surface of Mars will be unlike any other extraterrestrial landing ever undertaken by NASA. Although the space agency has successfully landed nine robot ... more Curiosity successfully drills 40 holes on Mars Pasadena CA (JPL) Mar 04, 2024 Earth planning date: Friday, March 1, 2024: The "Mineral King" drill hole did not quite reach the target depth that we typically desire to ensure that we have enough sample in the drill stem to deli ... more ADVERTISEMENT NASA's Juno Mission Measures Oxygen Production at Europa Solved at Pitt: What are Saturn's rings made of? Philadelphia PA (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 On a given night, the Allegheny Observatory might be hosting an open house, a lecture given by astronomy experts, educational programs for kids or tours set aside specifically for teachers and their ... more PYXIS satellite set to enhance satellite technology Tokyo, Japan (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 Axelspace Corporation, a Tokyo-based leader in the microsatellite sector, has announced the scheduled launch of its latest demonstration satellite, PYXIS. The launch is set to take place on March 4, ... more JWST images dispersing gas in a planet-forming disk for first time Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 An international team of astronomers, led by Naman Bajaj from the University of Arizona, has utilized the unparalleled capabilities of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) to provide new insights i ... more Bayesian network analysis sheds light on sci-fi and real-world exoplanet representation Berlin, Germany (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 A team from the St Andrews Centre for Exoplanet Science and the Space Research Institute (IWF) of the Austrian Academy of Sciences has utilized Bayesian network analysis to quantitatively examine th ... more Multiple Spacecraft Tell the Story of One Giant Solar Storm Greenbelt MD (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 April 17, 2021, was a day like any other day on the Sun, until a brilliant flash erupted and an enormous cloud of solar material billowed away from our star. Such outbursts from the Sun are not unus ... more ADVERTISEMENT NASA to demonstrate miniature CubeSat swarm technology Iridium to Boost Secure Global Navigation with Satelles Acquisition Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 05, 2024 Iridium Communications Inc. (NASDAQ: IRDM), a global provider of satellite voice and data communication, disclosed its agreement to acquire Satelles, Inc., a company at the forefront of satellite-ba ... more SpaceX launches new crew to ISS Kennedy Space Center, United States (AFP) March 4, 2024 Three American astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut blasted off Sunday night from Florida for a six-month mission on the International Space Station. ... more Japan Moon lander put to sleep after surviving lunar night Tokyo (AFP) March 2, 2024 Japan's Moon lander has been put back to sleep after it surprisingly survived the freezing, two-week lunar night, the country's space agency said, with another operation attempt scheduled for later this month. ... more Could fiber optic cable help scientists probe the deep layers of the moon? Albany NY (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 An increasing number of seismologists are using fiber optic cables to detect seismic waves on Earth-but how would this technology fare on the Moon, and what would it tell us about the deep layers of ... more NASA largely satisfied with Intuitive Machines lunar deliveries despite 'challenges' Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 In a significant milestone for lunar exploration, NASA has once again left its mark on the Moon, facilitated by the historic landing of Intuitive Machines' Nova-C lander, Odysseus. This event, occur ... more ADVERTISEMENT The Rosetta odyssey: first ever comet-chaser Paris, France (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 Two decades ago, on March 2, 2004, the European Space Agency's (ESA) Rosetta spacecraft embarked on an audacious journey that would push the boundaries of human knowledge and technology. Launched ab ... more Sidus Space Sets Public Offering Price Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 Sidus Space, Inc. (Nasdaq: SIDU), a Space and Data-as-a-Service company, has announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 1,321,000 Class A common stock shares. Each share is priced ... more Tiangong Space Station's Solar Wings Restored After Spacewalk Repair by Shenzhou XVII Team Sydney, Australia (SPX) Mar 04, 2024 The crew of Shenzhou XVII has marked a significant milestone in the history of China's manned space exploration by successfully completing their second spacewalk outside the Tiangong space station. ... more Top 5: Space for your health Paris (ESA) Mar 04, 2024 Space has led to technological innovations with wide-ranging applications in healthcare. Beyond consumer gadgets, such as wireless headsets and scratch-resistant lenses, space exploration is a catal ... more Lights out for wonky US lunar lander, for now Washington (AFP) March 1, 2024 An uncrewed American lander that became the first private spaceship on the Moon sent its final image Thursday before its power banks depleted, the company that built it said. ... more To the Moon and back: NASA's Artemis II crew rehearses splashdown San Diego (AFP) Feb 29, 2024 Their mission around the Moon is not expected until September 2025 at the earliest, but the four astronauts on NASA's Artemis II mission are already preparing for their splashdown return. ... more China Reports Progress on Manned Lunar Program with Development of Key Technologies Sydney, Australia (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 The China Manned Space Agency (CMSA) recently provided an update on China's ongoing manned lunar exploration efforts, indicating steady progress toward achieving a manned moon landing before 2030. T ... more NASA Challenges Students to Innovate with Inflatable Technologies for Lunar Missions Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 This year marks a significant milestone for several college and university teams as they embark on a journey to explore, design, and demonstrate innovative inflatable systems tailored for future lun ... more ADVERTISEMENT James Webb Telescope Unveils Role of Massive Stars in Planet Formation Paris, France (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 Recent observations from the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) have shed new light on the complex interplay between massive stars and the formation of planetary systems, offering groundbreaking insi ... more Sidus Space to Enhance Capital through Public Offering of Class A Shares and Warrants Los Angeles CA (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 Sidus Space, Inc. (Nasdaq: SIDU), a company known for its innovations in the space sector, has officially announced its intention to conduct a public offering of its Class A common stock. The offeri ... more Ice shell thickness reveals water temp on ocean worlds Ithica NY (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 Decades before any probe dips a toe - and thermometer - into the waters of distant ocean worlds, Cornell astrobiologists have devised a novel way to determine ocean temperatures based on the thickne ... more In The Presence Of Royalty: Sols 4112-4113 Pasadena CA (JPL) Mar 01, 2024 Earth planning date: Wednesday, February 28, 2024: Over the weekend Curiosity successfully drilled into 'Mineral King!' The drilling stopped a little short of the target depth, however we think ther ... more Depositional Processes of the Margin Unit Pasadena CA (JPL) Mar 01, 2024 There has been much discussion and interest regarding the origin of the Margin unit. The Margin unit has gained interest due to the presence of carbonates and its implications for the paleoenvironme ... more Bunsen Peak Piques Interest Pasadena CA (JPL) Mar 01, 2024 Perseverance has continued its traverse west through the Margin unit. As the rover drives, images and data are obtained using instruments such as Mastcam-Z, Navcam, and SuperCam to track any changes ... more Iran launches imaging satellite through Russia Tehran (AFP) Feb 29, 2024 Russia on Thursday put into orbit an Iranian remote sensing and imaging satellite, state media said in Tehran, drawing condemnation from the United States. ... more Astronomers reveal a new link between water and planet formation Manchester UK (SPX) Mar 01, 2024 Researchers have found water vapour in the disc around a young star exactly where planets may be forming. Water is a key ingredient for life on Earth and is also thought to play a significant ... more ADVERTISEMENT Buy Advertising About Us Editorial & Other Enquiries Privacy statement The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2023 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement