Stock Investing & Stock Market Research | The Motley Fool Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Search Accessibility Log In Help Join The Motley Fool Accessibility Menu Our Services Investing Basics angle-down Premium Services Stock Advisor Our Flagship Service Return 657% S&P Return 151% Rule Breakers High-growth Stocks Return 275% S&P Return 127% Returns as of 03/05/2024 View Our Services Investing 101 How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Real Estate Financial Dictionary Best Accounts Best Brokerage Accounts Best Brokers for Beginners Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Options Brokers Best Crypto Apps Best Trading Apps Stock Market Basics Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes S&P 500 Dow Jones Nasdaq Composite Stock Market angle-down Premium Services Stock Advisor Our Flagship Service Return 657% S&P Return 151% Rule Breakers High-growth Stocks Return 275% S&P Return 127% Returns as of 03/05/2024 View Our Services Stocks Growth Stocks Value Stocks Dividend Stocks Small Cap Stocks Large Cap Stocks Blue Chip Stocks How to Buy Stocks Industries to Invest In Consumer Goods Technology Energy Healthcare Financial Cryptocurrency NFTs News Top Stocks to Buy in 2024 Stock Market News Retirement angle-down Getting Started Retirement 101 The Power of Compound Interest Types of Retirement Accounts 401k Basics IRA Basics HSA Basics Planning for Retirement How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire Factoring in Social Security What is the Full Retirement Age? Investing for Retirement Retirement Strategies Retired: What Now? Retiring in 2024 Withdrawal Strategies Healthcare in Retirement Taxes in Retirement Estate Planning Personal Finance angle-down Credit Cards Best Credit Cards Best Cash Back Cards Best Balance Transfer Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0% Credit Cards Best Rewards Cards Best Business Credit Cards Bank & Loans Best High-Yield Savings Accounts Best Checking Accounts Best CD Rates Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Money Market Accounts Homebuying Best Mortgage Lenders Best Mortgage Refi Lenders Best Lenders for First-time Buyers Best FHA Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Insurance Best Car Insurance Companies Cheap Insurance for Young Drivers Best Full Coverage Auto Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Companies Best Life Insurance Companies Best Pet Insurance Companies About Us angle-down Our Purpose: To make the world smarter, happier, and richer. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Who Is the Motley Fool? About Us Investing Philosophy Reviews The Motley Fool Foundation Newsroom Contact Us Publishing Standards Fool Podcasts Podcasts Home Motley Fool Money Rule Breaker Investing Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Other Services The Ascent Top 10 Stocks Bars Times Search Our Services Investing Basics angle-down angle-up Investing 101 How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Real Estate Financial Dictionary Best Accounts Best Brokerage Accounts Best Brokers for Beginners Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Options Brokers Best Crypto Apps Best Trading Apps Stock Market Basics Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes S&P 500 Dow Jones Nasdaq Composite Premium Services Stock Advisor Our Flagship Service Return 657% S&P Return 151% Rule Breakers High-growth Stocks Return 275% S&P Return 127% Returns as of 03/05/2024 View Our Services Stock Market angle-down angle-up Stocks Growth Stocks Value Stocks Dividend Stocks Small Cap Stocks Large Cap Stocks Blue Chip Stocks How to Buy Stocks Industries to Invest In Consumer Goods Technology Energy Healthcare Financial Cryptocurrency NFTs News Top Stocks to Buy in 2024 Stock Market News Premium Services Stock Advisor Our Flagship Service Return 657% S&P Return 151% Rule Breakers High-growth Stocks Return 275% S&P Return 127% Returns as of 03/05/2024 View Our Services Retirement angle-down angle-up Getting Started Retirement 101 The Power of Compound Interest Types of Retirement Accounts 401k Basics IRA Basics HSA Basics Planning for Retirement How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire Factoring in Social Security What is the Full Retirement Age? Investing for Retirement Retirement Strategies Retired: What Now? Retiring in 2024 Withdrawal Strategies Healthcare in Retirement Taxes in Retirement Estate Planning Personal Finance angle-down angle-up Credit Cards Best Credit Cards Best Cash Back Cards Best Balance Transfer Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0% Credit Cards Best Rewards Cards Best Business Credit Cards Bank & Loans Best High-Yield Savings Accounts Best Checking Accounts Best CD Rates Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Money Market Accounts Homebuying Best Mortgage Lenders Best Mortgage Refi Lenders Best Lenders for First-time Buyers Best FHA Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Insurance Best Car Insurance Companies Cheap Insurance for Young Drivers Best Full Coverage Auto Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Companies Best Life Insurance Companies Best Pet Insurance Companies About Us angle-down angle-up Who Is the Motley Fool? About Us Investing Philosophy Reviews The Motley Fool Foundation Newsroom Contact Us Publishing Standards Fool Podcasts Podcasts Home Motley Fool Money Rule Breaker Investing Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Other Services The Ascent Our Purpose: To make the world smarter, happier, and richer. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Log In Help Join The Motley Fool Top 10 Stocks Five years from now, you'll probably wish you'd started investing with Stock Advisor Join over half a million premium members receiving: Check New stock picks each month Check Detailed analysis of companies Check Model portfolios and advanced tools Check Live streaming during market hours Stock Advisor Returns +657% S&P 500 Returns +151% Returns as of 03/05/2024. Stock Advisor launched in February 2002. Featured Investing News 1 Skyrocketing Stock That Crushed the "Magnificent Seven" in the Last 5 Years 2 Stocks That Can Bounce Back in March Chewy's a Cold Pet Stock That Could Be a Hot Dog in March Where Will Caterpillar Stock Be in 1 Year? 1 Top Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It Hits a New All-Time High View All Fool Articles Trending News U.S. Money Supply Is Making History for the First Time Since the Great Depression, and It Implies a Big Move in Stocks Is on the Way 3 Vanguard ETFs You Can Buy and Hold Forever to Generate $4,000 in Monthly Dividend Income Warren Buffett's Latest $2.1 Billion Buy Brings His Total Investment in This Stock to More Than $74 Billion in Under 6 Years Is a Living Trust Really the Best Way to Pass an Inheritance To Your Family? Why I Recently Bought More of This Beaten-Down Ultra-High-Yielding Dividend Stock 1 S&P 500 Dividend Stock Down 56% to Buy and Hold Forever My Top Stocks to Buy in March 3 Cryptocurrencies to Buy Hand Over Fist in March Can Dogecoin Reach $1? Nvidia Just Bought 5 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stocks, but This 1 Is Soaring the Most 3 Secrets of 401(k) Millionaires Should You Buy Bitcoin While It's Close to Hitting an All-Time High of $69,000? A Once-in-a-Generation Investment Opportunity: 1 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Growth Stock to Buy Now and Hold Forever 1 Top Cryptocurrency to Buy Before It Hits a New All-Time High The Single Best Dividend Stock Yielding Over 6% Popular Topics Best Stocks to Buy In 2024 Here are 10 stocks that could be excellent additions to your portfolio for the rest of 2024 and for years to come. Top AI Stocks to Buy Learn how you can make money investing in the wave of seasoned companies innovating in AI. How to Invest in OpenAI & ChatGPT Learn about the new AI chatbot dominating the internet. 6 Steps to Learn How to Buy Stocks Here's a guide on what you need to do to get started with stock investing. Top Marijuana Stocks to Invest In The continued legalization of marijuana means growth for companies in this sector. Best ETFs to Buy Exchange-traded funds tend to be less volatile than individual stocks and provide portfolio diversification. Top 3 S&P 500 Index Funds Find out which index funds tracking the S&P 500 have the lowest fees and most closely track the market. 5 Top Hydrogen Stocks to Watch A look at some of the leading hydrogen energy stocks that investors should keep an eye on. High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now A list of 20 high-yielding dividend stocks to consider buying now. Dictionary of Financial Terms The Motley Fool's list of financial terms. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. View All Fool Articles Investing Solutions Designed To Make Money Over The Long Term Become a member today Stock Advisor Our base-level-membership giving you the foundation of a Foolish portfolio Our Goal Help members earn a positive return and build the foundations of a portfolio backed by Motley Fool principles. Designed For Individuals who are seeking easy-to-use guidance on investing in more familiar-named companies. Recommended Minimum Portfolio Size $5,000 + Key Features Monthly stock recommendations (usually large and mid-cap stocks) Portfolio allocation guidance via The Motley Fool's Allocator tool On-going coverage of prior recommendations Access to Motley Fool Live video stream $99 / year New Member Introductory Offer Join Stock Advisor Epic Bundle A bundled membership that combines our four foundational stock-investing services into one Our Goal Help members outperform the benchmark by gaining exposure to a wider variety of stocks and investments. Designed For Individuals who are regularly adding new money to their brokerage accounts, interested in business, and want to spend more time learning the art of investing. Recommended Minimum Portfolio Size $25,000 + Key Features Includes access to Stock Advisor + Rule Breakers + Everlasting Stocks + Real Estate Winners Weekly stock recommendations (ranging from small to large-cap stocks) Portfolio allocation guidance via The Motley Fool's Allocator tool On-going coverage of prior recommendations from all included services Access to Motley Fool Live video stream $499 / year New Member Introductory Offer Join The Epic Bundle Backstage Our premier membership tier unlocked by joining one of our 20+ portfolio-building services Our Goal Help members outperform the benchmark and build lasting wealth with a complete financial gameplan. Designed For Individuals with established (and growing) portfolios, passionate about business, and regularly spend time following the markets each week. Recommended Minimum Portfolio Size $50,000 + Key Features Twice monthly stock recommendations (ranging from micro to large-cap stocks) from our Chief Investment Officer Access to powerful tools like My Portfolios Portfolio allocation guidance via The Motley Fool's Allocator tool On-going coverage of prior recommendations from all included services Access to Motley Fool Live video stream $1,999 / year New Member Introductory Offer Join Backstage About The Motley Fool Our Purpose: To make the world smarter, happier, and richer. Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. We believe that investing is empowering, enriching, and fun. We look forward to joining you on your journey to financial independence. Learn More Top picks from our personal finance service, The Ascent Best High Yield Savings Account Best Credit Cards Best Stock Brokers and Trading Platforms Best CD Rates Best Mortgage Lenders The Ascent provides personal finance product reviews related to credit cards, banking, brokerage firms, mortgages, and personal loans. Visit The Ascent.com arrow-up-right-square Premium Investing Services Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. View Premium Services Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Linked In LinkedIn Pinterest Pinterest YouTube YouTube Instagram Instagram Tiktok TikTok © 1995 - 2024 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool About Us Careers Research Newsroom Contact Advertise Our Services Stock Advisor Rule Breakers Rule Your Retirement The Ascent All Services Around the Globe Fool UK Fool Australia Fool Canada Free Tools CAPS Stock Ratings Discussion Boards Calculators Financial Dictionary Affiliates & Friends Motley Fool Asset Management Motley Fool Wealth Management Motley Fool Ventures 1623 Capital Motley Fool Foundation Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Current