Home | The New York Review of Books Advertisement Politics Literature Arts Ideas site logo short logo Sign In Subscribe Politics Literature Arts Ideas logo stacked Politics United States International Human Rights Climate Change Literature Fiction Poetry Biography & Memoir In Translation Essays Arts Visual Arts Performing Arts Film & Television Music Society & Culture Ideas History Economics Science & Technology Law Philosophy & Religion More from the Review About Us All Issues Shop Literary Gifts Shop NYRB Classics Subscribe to our Newsletter Best of The New York Review, plus books, events, and other items of interest Email* InterestsNews about upcoming issues, contributors, special events, online features, and more. The New York Review of Books: recent articles and content from nybooks.com The Reader's Catalog and NYR Shop: gifts for readers and NYR merchandise offers New York Review Books: news and offers about the books we publish HiddenOpt In I consent to having NYR add my email to their mailing list. HiddenForm Source CAPTCHA Δ March 21, 2024 Current Issue site logo Sign In Subscribe Site logo Politics Collapse United States International Human Rights Climate Change Literature Collapse Fiction Poetry Biography & Memoir In Translation Essays Arts Collapse Visual Arts Performing Arts Film & Television Music Society & Culture Ideas Collapse History Economics Science & Technology Law Philosophy & Religion Current Issue Current Issue More from the Review About Us All Issues Shop Literary Gifts Shop NYRB Classics Amjad Iraqi Unilateral Actions The impending invasion of Rafah—where over 1.4 Palestinians are trapped—shows how far Israel has pushed its ambitions in Gaza. March 2, 2024 Linda Greenhouse Social Progress & the Courts For decades Gerald Rosenberg, author of The Hollow Hope, has argued that courts labor under structural constraints that will almost always deprive them of the ability to bring about significant change. He would be entitled to a triumphant “I told you so” but for one dramatic development: the 2015 Supreme Court decision that recognized a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. March 21, 2024 issue Peter Brooks In Search of His Vocation The best description of In Search of Lost Time may come from what Proust calls dreams in its opening pages: “a formidable game with time.” March 21, 2024 issue Frances Wilson ‘Diabolical Fame’ Composed of rhapsody and opinionation, without shape or chronology, Roger Lewis’s biography of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton tries to get at the strangeness of stardom. March 21, 2024 issue Joe Bucciero Out There The abstract painter Budd Hopkins had by the mid-1980s also become a prominent writer on UFOs. How did his two careers intersect? March 1, 2024 “The lethal drone attack on the US base in late January, apparently carried out without Iran’s prior knowledge, suggests that it has a worrisome lack of control over Kataib Hezbollah and other heavily armed Iraqi militias.” — Joshua Hammer: Iraq’s Twenty Years of Carnage March 21, 2024 Current Issue Sigrid Nunez ‘An Archaic Country,’ Dark and Bright A new collection of stories by the novelist Ludmila Ulitskaya celebrates the women of Russia, countering the frequent bleakness and tragedy of their lives with tenderness and optimism. March 21, 2024 issue Meghan O’Gieblyn The Trouble with Reality William Egginton’s intellectual biography of Borges, Kant, and Heisenberg takes place at the intersection of physics and religion, and traces the errors that result when we forget the limits of our human point of view. March 21, 2024 issue J. Hoberman Outsider’s Outsider At once famous and obscure, marginal and central, Harry Smith anticipated and even invented several important elements of Sixties counterculture. March 21, 2024 issue Fintan O’Toole Laugh Riot To understand Trump’s continuing hold over his fans, we have to ask: Why do they find him so funny? March 21, 2024 issue David Cole Who Should Regulate Online Speech? A number of cases before the Supreme Court this term will determine the future of free speech on the Internet. March 21, 2024 issue Verlyn Klinkenborg The Cost of Our Debris The stated purpose of Jay Owens’s new book is to “think with dust,” specifically “human-made” dust and what it reveals—the forensic fingerprint, so to speak, that our species has left upon this planet. March 21, 2024 issue Jonathan Steele The Party Line A new book about Western journalists’ experience in Moscow during World War II sheds light on the problems of media manipulation and self-censorship in coverage of Russia today. March 21, 2024 issue Lily Meyer Nefer’s Mission Sara Gallardo’s 1958 novel January, about a young woman’s quest for an abortion, became a touchstone in Argentine feminists’ twenty-first-century fight for the right to choose. March 21, 2024 issue Gary Younge Small Island What has happened to Britain? March 21, 2024 issue Jessica Riskin Every Creeping Thing In his late writings and correspondence, Charles Darwin was thinking about how mortal beings strive to make what they can of themselves. March 21, 2024 issue NYR Online J. Hoberman ‘Kish Mir in Tuchus!’ Before his violent early death at twenty-five, the Jewish Belgian artist Stéphane Mandelbaum assembled a body of confrontational drawings. February 25, 2024 Jake Nevins Imperial Era The National Football League’s embrace of gambling, Taylor Swift, Nickelodeon subscribers, data analysts, beer enthusiasts, international sports markets, and ever more corporate sponsors helped the Super Bowl fit right in to Las Vegas. February 25, 2024 Jessie Kindig The Mississippi and the Mekong The photographer An-My Lê uses the tools of the imperial eye to assemble an anti-imperial aesthetic. February 24, 2024 David A. Bell In My Mother’s Archive Researching my mother’s friendships with Truman Capote and Elizabeth Bishop, her love affair with Dylan Thomas, and her own writing career, I discovered that she had led a courageous early life. February 20, 2024 Read more about NYR Online New Poems Mosab Abu Toha The Moon March 21, 2024 issue Richard Sieburth Time & Task March 21, 2024 issue Catherine Barnett Morning of Departure March 21, 2024 issue Upcoming Events March 6–27 NYRSeminars: W. G. Sebald, The Rings of Saturn Join Daniel Mendelsohn as he leads a seminar on W. G. Sebald’s 1995 novel, which follows the footsteps of a nameless narrator as he takes a long and erratic walking tour of Suffolk—a journey that becomes a vehicle for ruminating on history and literature, the passage of time, and cultural decay. April 3–24 NYRSeminars: Rachel Cusk, Outline and Second Place Join Daniel Mendelsohn as he leads a seminar on two works by Rachel Cusk: Outline, which follows its nameless heroine, a writer, as she voyages to Greece to teach a writing class; and Second Place, which tells the story of a writer, isolating in the countryside with her family, who hosts a disturbing visitor. More Events Thoughtfully chosen gifts for readers and writers Shop Now Shop Now Israel and Gaza Sari Bashi Gaza: Two Rights of Return Most Palestinians in Gaza are now displaced at least twice over. They have a right to choose where to return. January 27, 2024 David Klion The American Jewish Left in Exile Those of us whose Jewishness isn’t tethered to Israel find ourselves increasingly at the margins of American Jewish life. Do we need our own institutions? January 28, 2024 Sara Roy The Long War on Gaza Over fifty-six years, Israel has transformed Gaza from a functional economy to a dysfunctional one, from a productive society to an impoverished one. December 19, 2023 Fintan O’Toole No Endgame in Gaza After weeks of bombardment and thousands of deaths, what are Netanyahu’s political and ethical limits? December 7, 2023 issue Read more about Israel and Gaza Free from the Archives Denis Donoghue: Ultra Writer “This is Malcolm Lowry’s world, where the line between fact and fiction is impossible to find, the air is heavy with the memory of Faustus, Dante, Lazarus, Melville, Ishmael, Mexico, and mescal, and what hurts the eye is the smoke of hell.” Advertisement Our Domestic Surveillance Agency David Cole ‘We Kill People Based on Metadata’ A bill to rein in NSA spying on Americans’ metadata is an important first step, but it addresses only one part of the NSA’s surveillance activities. May 10, 2014 James Bamford What the NSA Knows “The NSA and its predecessors have been gaining secret, illegal access to the communications of Americans for nearly a century.” August 15, 2013 issue Thomas Powers The Ears of America “The National Security Agency was established by President Truman—secretly: its official charter has never been made public—in the fall of 1952, but its true origins go back to the First World War.” February 3, 1983 issue Ronald Dworkin, Kathleen M. Sullivan, Laurence H. Tribe, David Cole, Curtis Bradley, et al. On NSA Spying: A Letter to Congress We are scholars of constitutional law and former government officials. We write in our individual capacities as citizens concerned by the Bush administration’s National Security Agency domestic spying program…. The Justice Department’s defense of what it concedes was secret and warrantless electronic surveillance of persons within the United States fails to identify any plausible legal authority for such surveillance. Accordingly the program appears on its face to violate existing law. February 9, 2006 issue Gumshoes, Mercenaries, and Gentlemen Detectives John Banville Philip Marlowe’s Revolution “Being himself a kind of drifter, Raymond Chandler knew whereof he wrote. The mean streets down which his protagonist Philip Marlowe ventures stalwartly and alone mark the liminal frontiers between wealth and indigence, between law and some kind of order, between the city and the jungle.” October 27, 2016 issue James Sallis Manchette: Into the Muck Jean-Patrick Manchette wanted to demonstrate that the crime novel could be “the great moral literature of our time.” June 18, 2014 Margaret Atwood Mystery Man In a “clues” novel, everything depends on who is where; in a Dashiell Hammett one, it was more likely to be who was who: disguises and false names were used, dark mean streets were prowled, cars were driven at speed, people blew in from elsewhere and hid out and skipped town. February 14, 2002 issue Julian Symons The Christie Mystery “Behind the middle-class English lady, remote and shy, whose perfectly appropriate occupation seemed to be the pouring of tea from a silver jug into thin china cups on a green lawn, was somebody else, somebody perhaps not so nice but more interesting. This other Agatha Christie knew a lot about poisons.” December 21, 1978 issue Not Even Past Erin Maglaque An Overabundance of Virtue The scholar James Hankins has argued that the revival of ancient virtues was a central concern of Renaissance humanists. But can those virtues also be revived in modern America? September 21, 2023 issue Lynn Hunt The Orphan Among Revolutions Christopher Clark’s history of the 1848 revolutions highlights the destinies of individuals and the legacy of the tumults. October 5, 2023 issue Adam Hochschild History Bright and Dark Hillsdale College’s 1776 Curriculum and the documentary series based on the 1619 Project reflect deep divisions in how we recount our nation’s past. May 25, 2023 issue Nicholas Guyatt Blues, Grays & Greenbacks Two new books argue that the innovations the Lincoln administration used to finance the Civil War transformed the nation from a modest and decentralized economy into the global juggernaut of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. May 25, 2023 issue Shimmering Bodies Andrew Butterfield The Magic of Donatello “Since the end of classical antiquity nearly a thousand years before, no Italian sculptor had tried anything so bold in the carving of marble sculpture.” April 23, 2015 issue Ingrid D. Rowland The Magician “Raphael would portray these same disciples in a painted vortex that forms—an image of pure wind—the center of his phenomenal Transfiguration, spinning each of them off on his own headlong spiral trajectory, every twist and turn of a body in space now totally under control.” December 16, 2004 issue Jenny Uglow Lucian Freud’s Pitiless Eye Violent, curious, nosy, intrusive—sometimes tender—Lucian Freud was a pitiless observer of the human body, and of human vulnerability and frailty. August 22, 2016 John Updike Gold & Geld “Does its subject’s lush, heavy-lipped, dark-browed, green-eyed face, beneath a black blob of hair and above a silver-encrusted collar, really mesh with the astonishing efflorescence of perspective-free patterns—eyes, spirals, squares, streaks, and splotches, ostensibly related to the wistful sitter’s dress, robe, and armchair?” December 20, 2007 issue Brief Encounters Robyn Creswell, interviewed by Sam Needleman A Permanent Elegy “As it happens, sorrowful sensualism is congenial to Arabic poetry.” March 2, 2024 David Cole, interviewed by Daniel Drake The Right to Speak Freely Online “The reality is that we want some content moderation. We just want the ‘right’ content moderation. But under the First Amendment, that’s not a decision we can entrust the government to make.” February 24, 2024 Emily Raboteau, interviewed by Mia Mikki Reading the Signs “The lesson is that you act in community and take care of others.” February 17, 2024 More about Brief Encounters The Critic and Her Publics Hannah Goldfield, interviewed by Merve Emre ‘I Am the Cabbage Writer’ Episode Three of “The Critic and Her Publics” February 27, 2024 Sophie Pinkham, interviewed by Merve Emre ‘Wordlessness in Labor’ Episode Two of “The Critic and Her Publics” February 13, 2024 Andrea Long Chu, interviewed by Merve Emre I Want a Critic Episode One of “The Critic and Her Publics” January 30, 2024 Read more about The Critic and Her Publics Bookstore link The latest releases from New York Review Books Shop Now Loved and Missed Loved and Missed Susie Boyt About Ed About Ed Robert Glück Boys Alive Boys Alive Pier Paolo Pasolini An Ordinary Youth An Ordinary Youth Walter Kempowski Sleep Sleep Amelia Rosselli Poor Helpless Comics! Poor Helpless Comics! Ed Subitzky Shop Now Politics Amjad Iraqi Unilateral Actions March 2, 2024 Fintan O’Toole Laugh Riot March 21, 2024 issue Gary Younge Small Island March 21, 2024 issue Joshua Hammer Iraq’s Twenty Years of Carnage March 21, 2024 issue More Politics Literature Mosab Abu Toha The Moon March 21, 2024 issue Richard Sieburth Time & Task March 21, 2024 issue Sigrid Nunez ‘An Archaic Country,’ Dark and Bright March 21, 2024 issue Lily Meyer Nefer’s Mission March 21, 2024 issue More Literature Arts Joe Bucciero Out There March 1, 2024 Frances Wilson ‘Diabolical Fame’ March 21, 2024 issue J. Hoberman Outsider’s Outsider March 21, 2024 issue J. Hoberman ‘Kish Mir in Tuchus!’ February 25, 2024 More Arts Ideas Jonathan Steele The Party Line March 21, 2024 issue Verlyn Klinkenborg The Cost of Our Debris March 21, 2024 issue Jessica Riskin Every Creeping Thing March 21, 2024 issue Meghan O’Gieblyn The Trouble with Reality March 21, 2024 issue More Ideas Subscribe and save 50%! Read the latest issue as soon as it’s available, and browse our rich archives. You'll have immediate subscriber-only access to over 1,200 issues and 25,000 articles published since 1963. Subscribe now Issue Archive Subscribe and save 50%! Get immediate access to the current issue and over 25,000 articles from the archives, plus the NYR App. See offers Already a subscriber? Sign in Subscribe to our Newsletters Best of The New York Review, plus books, events, and other items of interest. Or, see all newsletter options here. Email* InterestsNews about upcoming issues, contributors, special events, online features, and more. The New York Review of Books: recent articles and content from nybooks.com The Reader's Catalog and NYR Shop: gifts for readers and NYR merchandise offers New York Review Books: news and offers about the books we publish HiddenOpt In I consent to having NYR add my email to their mailing list. HiddenForm Source CAPTCHA Δ About Us Archive Classifieds Advertising Help/FAQ Newsletters Shop Literary Gifts Shop NYRB Classics Shop Literary Gifts Shop NYRB Classics About Us Archive Classifieds Advertising Help/FAQ Newsletters Shop Literary Gifts Shop NYRB Classics © 1963-2024 NYREV, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Statement Subscription Customer Service Accessibility Statement Site by Athletics