Oberlin College and Conservatory Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give Search Search Oberlin: Search form Search Search Menu Main Menu College of Arts & SciencesCollege at a Glance Areas of Study: College College Faculty and Staff Sciences at Oberlin Languages at Oberlin Practicing Arts at Oberlin Music Opportunities for A&S Students Resources and Support for College Students Center for Engaged Liberal Arts Life After Oberlin College Conservatory of MusicConservatory at a Glance Conservatory Areas of Study Conservatory Faculty and Staff Divisions Conservatory Complex On Stage Resources and Support for Conservatory Students Life After Oberlin Conservatory Admissions & AidArts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program Financial Aid Overview Tuition & Fees Visit & Connect Class Profile Request Information Accepted Students Oberlin Blogs Life at OberlinLiving on Campus Division of Student Affairs Museum and the Arts Athletics Clubs & Organizations Our Traditions The Oberlin Stories Project In and Around Oberlin About OberlinOberlin History Mission and Values Leadership & Administration Libraries & Collections Visiting Oberlin News & EventsNews Events In the News Special Events Faculty and Staff Notes Running to the Noise Podcast Campus ResourcesOffices Locations & Facilities ObieSafe Campus Bulletins Campus Support Resources Transportation for Students Contact Oberlin Resources For Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Oberlin College and Conservatory Video Description: Oberlin Scenes This silent video makes quick cuts, with each of the following segments lasting 2 or 3 seconds. From an aerial view, the Oberlin campus comes into focus, followed by: A dancer stretches in a dance studio. A conductor leads an orchestra, viewed from behind and above the musicians. A baseball player fields ground balls during practice. A bicyclist pedals along a path toward Memorial Arch. A professor teaches in a classroom. A trombonist rehearses. A swimmer performs the butterfly stroke. A silhouetted person approaches the curved wall outside Hall Auditorium at night. Several groups of students work in a science lab. A student is animated while explaining the artwork behind her. An athlete runs past a building on a cold morning. The strings of a double bass vibrate as they are played by a jazz musician. A student explains an idea. A pianist practices on a Steinway grand piano. In a museum gallery, a group of students gazes at a painting. A singer and piano accompanist rehearse in a sunny room. A student in class holds a pen while speaking. Holding a boom microphone, a student makes a recording. A student cook prepares fresh vegetables. The video then loops back to the beginning. Pause Video One college, one conservatory, one community. Infinite possibilities. Oberlin’s college-conservatory synergy inspires profound connections between intellectual and artistic exploration, theory and practice, creative freedom and professional discipline. We are a place for those who seek a rigorous education with integrity and purpose, designed for impact. College of Arts and Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions Information There are many great colleges and many great conservatories. There is only one Oberlin. Academic & artistic excellence We offer one of the world’s great undergraduate educations. We will cultivate your curiosity and help you master the tools necessary to engage humanity’s most vexing challenges, debates, and artistic frontiers. Learning & Labor It's not just our motto, it's our practice. Hands-on experience is a critical part of an Oberlin education. In research and scholarship, in creative work and performance, we make the connections between learning and doing, between imagination and action. A restlessness of innovation From the very beginning—as the first college to adopt a policy to admit Black students and the first to grant undergraduate degrees to women in a co-ed program—we have championed critical work that yields necessary progress: new discoveries, new music and art, new ideas, new ventures, new cultural practices and norms. Find your people. Find your muse. With its longstanding commitments to access, diversity, and inclusion, Oberlin is the perfect laboratory in which to study and design the world you want. You'll always feel that you belong here—we'll celebrate you just as you are, without compromise. We're a place where individual flourishing is a collective endeavor—we believe that it takes more than yourself to be yourself. Photo credit: Matthew Lester Faculty mentorship Every Oberlin experience is a collaborative enterprise between students and faculty. Your faculty mentors—world-renowned scholars, artists, teachers, and citizens—will guide and push you, invested fully in your promise and in your future. They will challenge you to approach your education with a critical mind and a resilient heart. An ideal location In a quintessential college town in the heart of the Midwest, our picturesque location provides small-town charm and safety. It gives us lots of room to breathe and the freedom to explore and apply new ideas. Whether on campus, in the city of Oberlin, or in nearby Cleveland, you'll find an expansive menu of cultural, social, and service programming. Ready to launch When our students graduate, they land in the most interesting places. We do amazing, life-changing, creative work. Our alumni use their Oberlin educations to give the world more joy, hope, meaning, and justice—serving collectively as a global force for good. In every field, on every stage, Obies help people find the way forward. Sustainable Infrastructure Program Oberlin is taking a big step toward carbon neutrality with a multi-year, campus-wide conversion to geothermal energy. Follow our progress at CarbonNeutral.oberlin.edu. “Not only are my teachers brilliant at what they do, they’re some of the most compassionate and supportive people I know. They’ve offered me invaluable guidance and pushed me in new creative directions that have ultimately made me a better artist and a better human being.” Josh Augustin ’20 College of Arts and Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions Information College of Arts & Sciences Conservatory of Music Admissions & Aid Life at Oberlin About Oberlin News & Events Campus Resources Request Info Visit & Connect Apply Give College of Arts and Sciences Admissions (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411 38 E. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 Conservatory of Music Admissions (440) 775-8413 39 W. College St., Oberlin, OH 44074 © 2024, Oberlin College and Conservatory Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accreditation Website Accessibility Contact Us Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Local Community Job Seekers Apply to Oberlin Oberlin has separate application processes for the College of Arts and Sciences and the Conservatory of Music. College of Arts and Sciences Admissions Conservatory of Music Admissions Double Degree Program You have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm.We have a place just for you. Double Degree Program Applicants