RSF Social Finance | Integrated Capital for Catalytic Impact Social Investment Fund Donor Advised Funds Give to RSF Apply for a Loan About Us News Jobs Contact Client Portal RSF Social Finance News Jobs Contact Client Portal Social Investment Fund Donor Advised Funds Give to RSF Apply for a Loan About Us Your money mattersRSF’s Social Investment Fund uses invested funds to make loans to enterprises creating deep social impact in the communities they serve. Invest in the fund today. The gift of changeOpen a Donor Advised Fund at RSF and join a vibrant learning community that uses new giving models to challenge the status quo. Mission-aligned capitalWe provide loans to businesses and non-profit organizations. Learn more about our Social Enterprise Lending program. Leading the wayContribute to our Influence Capital Campaign and help build RSF’s capacity to serve and advance the field of social finance. Donate now. RSF Annual Fund Help us bring down the cost of capital for enterprises that are working hard to positively impact our communities during these unprecedented economic times. Donate now Join the community Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and invitations to events and webinars. Sign up Activate your money With a Social Investment Fund Note, you’ll support enterprises working to create positive social and environmental change. Know where your money is working, engage with the community, and participate in quarterly interest rate conversations. $1,000 to open an account. Learn more Money transforms Do you ever wonder what your money is doing? Who it’s helping? Who it’s harming? And how it can be used differently? Check out this video to learn more about activating your money for good. Watch now News from RSF Why Activism, Advocacy and Allyship Are Essential to Corporate Diversity Webinar Recording: Conversation with Whistleblower Aid Fair chance enterprises can foster a regenerative, inclusive economy One Community Stands Against Inflation Everyone talks about the E and the S, but we need to talk more about the G Donor Spotlight: LuAnne & Christopher Hormel OTA Cultivates Impact & Diversity Podcast: How Lotus Foods Create Impact Lotus Food Finds a Mission-Aligned Partner in RSF Integrated Capital RSF takes a holistic approach to funding social entrepreneurs. We provide both the capital and the community you need to reach your goals. Learn more Join the RSF community Invest your values RSF offers an easy way to invest in what’s important to you. Start your fund today with $1,000. Learn more Open a giving account With a Donor Advised Fund, you can give when the timing is right for you and be part of an active community of donors and partners who share your passions. Learn more Apply for a loan If you’re an entrepreneur creating social or ecological change, apply for a loan to help you further your mission. Learn more Privacy Policy Sitemap T: 415.561.3900 | F: 415.561.3919 P.O. Box 2007, San Francisco, CA 94126 | © 2024 RSF SOCIAL FINANCE