Canalys - the leading global technology market analyst firm Canalys is part of Informa PLCInforma PLCAbout usInvestor relationsTalentThis site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726. Informa AI-capable PCs: current market trends, future opportunities and potential challenges Get your complimentary report! Log in About Our storyMeet usCareersOur offices Our analysis AI Insights Channel Strategy Channels Analysis Channel Ecosystem Global IT Opportunity Managed Services Analysis Partner Program Analysis Sustainable Channels Analysis Vendor Benchmark Leadership Matrix Awards Consumer tech Smartphone Analysis PC Analysis Wearable Band Analysis Smart Speaker Analysis Smart Personal Audio Analysis Custom Solutions Channel Development Channel Management Competitor Strategy Customised Data Market Entry Marketing Solutions Partner Programs Speaking Engagements Enterprise Tech Cloud Channels Analysis Infrastructure Analysis Cybersecurity Analysis Partner Assessment Partner Community Smart Automotive Intelligent Vehicle Analysis Events Newsroom Resources Blogs AI Insights Log in Contact Established in 1998, Canalys is world-renowned for its research in technology channels and smartphones. Canalys now spans four continents with five offices and employs over 100 people. Learn more The team at Canalys bring with them many years of experience as advisors to the IT and high-technology sectors. Combined with the company's culture of responsiveness to the rapidly changing needs of this dynamic industry this ensures that, in both content and delivery, Canalys provides an exceptional service compared to other industry analyst firms. Learn more We believe that the following values, skills and behavior are vital to what makes us Canalys and therefore help achieve our strategy. Canalys’ values are partly about who we are, but also about what we want to be as a company. We hire and promote people based on their ability to demonstrate them. Learn more Canalys was set up in 1998. We have grown to become world renowned for our research in technology channels and smartphones. We provide vendors with subscription services and projects in Channels, Enterprise and Emerging Tech and Mobility. We also host the best and largest independent channels events in APAC, EMEA and LATAM. We have offices and team members in Europe, Asia, North and South America. Learn more Analysis of the channel is at the heart of our business. We have services to help the world’s largest tech companies manage their partner landscape. Categories Channels Analysis Channel Ecosystem Global IT Opportunity Managed Services Analysis Partner Program Analysis Sustainable Channels Analysis Vendor Benchmark Leadership Matrix Awards Our portfolio offers accurate and timely views of the opportunities, competitive analysis and market trends across the smart ecosystem of devices. Categories Smartphone Analysis PC Analysis Wearable Band Analysis Smart Speaker Analysis Smart Personal Audio Analysis Since Canalys’ inception, our team of analysts and consultants around the world have worked with companies in the technology ecosystem to provide custom solutions. Many of our projects are supported using data and feedback from the Candefero channels community. We undertake bespoke work in all our areas of research and have built several specializations within this. Learn more Categories Channel Development Channel Management Competitor Strategy Customised Data Market Entry Marketing Solutions Partner Programs Speaking Engagements Get best in class analysis, go-to-market strategies and more for cloud, infrastructure and cybersecurity channels. Categories Cloud Channels Analysis Infrastructure Analysis Cybersecurity Analysis Alys offers vendors a high-value method to evaluate channel partners at scale and engage with them digitally. Vendors can assess the channel’s capabilities and nurture partners to grow. After decades of experience working with vendors’ partner teams, Canalys understands the strategic challenges facing channel leaders.​ Learn more Get comprehensive data to track smart vehicles and stay up to date on the key trends affecting the automotive industry. Categories Intelligent Vehicle Analysis Select language English 中文 日本語 한국어 ไทย Bahasa Indonesia Español Português Deutsch Français * the site will be machine translated Latest press release and research titles Trending We are leading technology market analysts with a distinct channels focus We’ve delivered market analysis and custom solutions to technology vendors worldwide for 25 years. Our research covers emerging, enterprise, mobile and smart technologies.Understanding channels is at the heart of everything we do. Our insightful reports, data and forecasts inform our clients’ strategies, while the Canalys Forums and Candefero online community give the channel opportunities to feedback. Our story What we do Analysis Approachable experts with global coverage and local insights gained from offices in America, Europe and Asia. Custom solutions Tailored research projects to meet your bespoke research, data, workshop, presentation and content marketing needs. Explore moreEvents Our annual, worldwide events for senior technology and channel executives. Explore moreCanapii One platform for all your event experiences. Explore moreNow and next for AI-capable PCsRevolutionizing computing: AI PCs and the market outlook Get your complimentary report Insight and advice from our expert team Meet the team Our technology and channels analysts are based all around the world. Thinking globally with our customers and colleagues is a core Canalys value. Meet us Our Channels and Enterprise clients​ Our Device and Auto clients​ Join our community.Our exclusive online community for the IT channel. We provide high-quality market intelligence and trends analysis free of charge. In return, the community gives our analysts feedback on critical developments and challenges. This highlights trends and informs our clients’ strategies.Candefero membersVendor benchmarks completedSurveys completed Explore Candefero Want to receive the latest insights? Get our latest research releases and market insights delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesYour PrivacyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Confirm My Choices 133 Cecil StreetKeck Seng Tower#13-02/02ASingapore - 069535Locations Singapore - SG Bengaluru - IN Portland - US Reading - UK Shanghai - CH Company Our story Meet us Careers Our offices Canalys group Canapii Canalys Client loginOur analysisAnalysis Channel Strategy Emerging technology Enterprise technology Mobility technology Custom Solutions Canapii Partner assessment Partner community Events © Canalys Copyright 2024 - All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe Unsubscribe