Retro Renovation - Remodel & Decorate in Mid Century Style Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerSearch Home Kitchens Bathrooms Blog Exterior Other Rooms Decorate The “Museum” Be Safe/Renovate Safe Search SearchRetro RenovationRemodel & decorate in Mid Century StyleHome Kitchens Bathrooms Blog Exterior Other Rooms Decorate The “Museum” Be Safe/Renovate Safe KITCHENS BATHROOMS EXTERIOR HOLIDAY CRAFTS Popular Posts Readers arrive here for tips like my go-to mid century modern paint collection and then, it’s down the rabbit hole: Perhaps you will end up learning the history of hudee rings, too! Formica boomerang now for sale in 3 limited edition colors 8 authentic vintage countertop laminate designs still available today Retro Refrigerator one-stop shopping guide — 7 designs and 3 DIYs to consider Tile in retro colors for your mid century bathroom — 36 places to find them Metal counter edges — 9 places to buy them + more tips Bucket list: I make a vintage costume jewelry Christmas tree — get my tips! Still in production after nearly 70 years: Acme Dinettes DIY Christmas Ornament Wreath – detailed 20-step guide from 12+ years of wreaths READ MORE POPULAR This site was started in 2008 to research and share products and inspiration to remodel, renovate, and decorate your house in authentic mid century style. I stopped blogging in 2021 — but have kept this up as a resource. Dig in! 9 TIPS BEFORE YOU DIVE IN GO-TO RESOURCES DESIGNERS WE LOVE TIME CAPSULE HOUSES KITCHEN IDEAS BATHROOM IDEAS PAINT COLORS BE SAFE / RENOVATE SAFE! I’m Pam Kueber, home enthusiast, journalist, and midcentury material culture buff. I started this site after 5 years of research to remodel my 1951 kitchen. Enjoy the archive of 13 years of stories! AS FEATURED IN PEOPLE & THEIR PASSION– PAM’S FAVORITES I love to uncover fascinating — but nearly forgotten — stories about material culture in mid century America. 100 brands of vintage steel kitchen cabinets — who knew! Erica Wilson: A Life in Stitches — Winterthur’s important online exhibit Hazel Dell Brown of Armstrong Flooring — the most influential residential interior designer of the 20th Century (that you probably never heard of) Nevamar introduces 20 new retro countertop laminate designs — including Venus from Kyrsten’s vintage chain set find! New Old Stock stunner! Raymond Loewy’s Tiara kitchen faucet for Elkay Raymond Loewy, designer of American Kitchens brand steel kitchen cabinets My top-ten memories from my 4+ years working for Pam at Retro Renovation Groovy Getaway in Gatlinburg, Tennessee The Retro Renovation® Encyclopedia of Vintage Steel Kitchen Cabinets Found in boxes never opened, 1948 Youngstown Kitchens cabinets go home to Youngstown, Ohio Retro Renovation® by Wilsonart boomerang laminate — now available online at Home Depot A Beauty View of all our stories about Beauti-Vue woven wood shades and more The 14 beautiful homes of The Astronaut Wives Club — Production Designer Mark White takes us inside and behind the scenes — 33 photos READ MORE UNIQUENESS READERS & THEIR KITCHENS Wren & Willow’s little bit of perfection 1940s house remodel: Let’s start with the kitchenThis is exactly the kind of story I was hoping to ultimately see lots of, when I started this blog nine years ago: Contractors …… [Continue Reading] ALL GUEST KITCHEN POSTS READERS & THEIR BATHROOMS Nanette & Jim’s Mamie pink bathroom — built from scratch — to look like it’s always been thereNanette and Jim won our 2013 The Hard Way Award for their blue bathroom remodel. Now, this dynamic duo is at it again — this… [Continue Reading] ALL GUEST BATHROOM POSTS LATEST POSTS On the lookout for products to help you restore, remodel, and decorate your mid century or vintage home. Formica boomerang now for sale in 3 limited edition colors(Hey, I came out of retirement for this one!) If you are a big fan of Formica’s famous “Skylark” aka… [continue reading] Retro Kohler Triton Bowe kitchen sink faucet – love the lookHere’s a retro kitchen faucet that may be just the thing for your 1950s (ish) kitchen: The Kohler Triton Bowe.… [continue reading] 5 authentic 1970s wallpaper designs from Schumacher — still available todayIf you want to add 1970s design flair to your home, no need to reinvent history when iconic designs –… [continue reading] 39 Christmas ornament wreaths sparkling with ideas to make your ownThe first piece of advice if you’re planning to make a Christmas ornament wreath: Study other wreaths for tips, tricks,… [continue reading] READ MORE LATEST POSTS Footer Follow Along FacebookInstagram RENOVATE SAFE About Blog The “Museum” Kitchens Bathrooms Exterior Other Rooms Terms of Service Privacy Notice Disclosures Contact © 2024 Retro Renovation® • All Rights Reserved • Website by Anchored Design Please do not use any materials without prior permission. Portrait by Keith Talley Photography