Free Landing Page Builder and Templates - MailerLite Features Send emails Email marketing Grow your audience and build stronger relationships. Automation Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically. Newsletter editors Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor. Transactional emails Personalize these emails to build stronger customer loyalty. Build websites Website builder Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine. Create a blog Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog. Collect leads Landing pages Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more. Signup forms Invite people from across the web to become subscribers. iPad Subscribe App Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline! Email verifier Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability. Sell products Digital products Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income. E-commerce Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales. Paid newsletter subscriptions Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions. Pricing Gallery Examples Newsletters See designs for various occasions and industries. Landing pages Get inspired by examples made by customers like you. Automations Automation examples Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own. Automation templates Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates. Templates Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms. Newsletters Websites Landing pages Pop-ups Why Lite Resources Knowledge base Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions. Video tutorials Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos. Hire an expert Find approved consultants to help your business grow. Blog Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies. Best practices by industry Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry. Email marketing guide Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign. Curious about email marketing? You’re in good hands. Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy. View all Academy courses Check out our newest how-to guides: Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite | Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability en English Español Polski Log in Sign up en English Español Polski Features Send emails Email marketing Grow your audience and build stronger relationships. Automation Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically. Newsletter editors Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor. Transactional emails Personalize these emails to build stronger customer loyalty. Build websites Website builder Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine. Create a blog Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog. Collect leads Landing pages Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more. Signup forms Invite people from across the web to become subscribers. iPad Subscribe App Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline! Email verifier Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability. Sell products Digital products Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income. E-commerce Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales. Paid newsletter subscriptions Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions. Pricing Gallery Examples Newsletters See designs for various occasions and industries. Landing pages Get inspired by examples made by customers like you. Automations Automation examples Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.} Automation templates Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates. Templates Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms. Newsletters Websites Landing pages Pop-ups Why Lite Resources Knowledge base Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions. Video tutorials Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos. Hire an expert Find approved consultants to help your business grow. Blog Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies. Best practices by industry Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry. Email marketing guide Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign. MailerLite Academy Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy. Check out our newest how-to guides: Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability Log in Sign up Close No results were found... Landing pages Build custom landing pages Attract and convert visitors with custom landing pages. Pick a template and make it yours with our free drag & drop builder. Build, promote and optimize landing pages—all in one place. No coding required! Start building Design landing pages that generate sales Start making money directly from landing pages. Use the Stripe integration to sell digital products and subscriptions like e-books, digital downloads and paid newsletters. Connect to your online store and promote products with our e-commerce integration or share your mobile app with our applications block and watch downloads soar! Collect leads and segment automatically Gain unlimited subscribers with GDPR-friendly signup forms. Use data fields to create interest groups, allowing people to self-select which content they’d like to receive. Build trust with a custom domain Landing page hosting is on us and each published page comes with a free URL. To appear more professional and trustworthy, you can connect a custom domain in a few simple steps. Engage every visitor Grab people’s attention with interactive landing page content. Promote urgency with countdown timers and limited coupons. Let people participate with embedded quizzes and surveys. Use promotional pop-ups to spotlight content and urge action. Quizzes and surveys Boost interaction with your page and find out what people really think. Countdown timer Motivate people to take action with a real-time countdown. Testimonials Highlight testimonials from happy customers to showcase your business. Promotional pop-ups Share important offers and updates at just the right moment. Animations Dazzle your audience with scroll animations. Test and optimize to see what works Keep improving landing pages to surpass your goals. With easy-to-use optimization tools and analytics, you’ll never have to guess what works, you’ll know. Click heatmaps Track link activity to see what people engage with most. Google analytics Add your account number in the landing page settings to enable analytics. Stripe analytics Enjoy advanced sales reports when using Stripe payments. Facebook pixels Insert your number in the settings to track connected Facebook campaigns. A/B testing Test up to five landing page versions by splitting traffic between them. SEO Input SEO settings, allow indexing and add social share data to rank better. More leads with landing pages Expand your reach across the web and convert visitors with irresistible landing pages that you build yourself. Pick a template and customize it in minutes. Unlimited possibilities to grow your audience and sell more products. Pick a template and start building Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template Preview template You're in good company Join 658,530 creators and businesses using MailerLite to grow. Read more stories I use MailerLite for creating landing pages. With these landing pages, I collect emails for my e-lessons for the diving courses. It is a great option because I had been set automation emails, Facebook pixel and the ROI of my ads is higher than 5. Tacho T. Driving Instructor Combine landing pages with email marketing We’re a one-stop shop! You’ll have access to both MailerLite’s landing page builder and email marketing tools to send newsletters and automated campaigns. Pick the plan that meets your needs. Free $0 Sign up free Key features 10 landing pages 1 website Unlimited traffic & storage Free hosting Drag & drop editor Pop-ups Growing Business $10 / month Start 30-day trial All in Free, plus Unlimited landing pages & websites Sell digital products & subscriptions Custom templates A/B split testing Click heatmap Unlimited domains Unsubscribe page builder Advanced $20 / month Start 30-day trial All in Growing business, plus Custom code injection Facebook Audience integration Promotion pop-ups Live chat support Customizable favicon Multiple triggers in automations Enterprise Let's talk Businesses with over 100K subscribers. Contact us All in Advanced, plus Landing page template service Dedicated IP Dedicated account manager Custom newsletter service View our full pricing plans Learn more about landing pages Resources SEO for landing pages GDPR and email marketing Landing pages examples Sell digital products through MailerLite Landing pages pop-ups Frequently asked questions Does MailerLite have landing page templates? Absolutely! We have a range of landing page templates to offer inspiration and show design suggestions based on industry. And each design is fully customizable, so you can change the colors and font styles to fit your brand’s voice. Explore our landing page template gallery. Are MailerLite landing page templates free? Landing page templates are only available for accounts on a Growing Business or Advanced Plan. They are not available on Free plans. Where do I find landing page templates in MailerLite? Once you are on a paid plan, landing page templates can be found at the start of the landing page creation process. When you choose to create a new landing page, you will have the option to create one from scratch, or choose from one of our pre-made templates. Are MailerLite's landing pages free? Our free plan allows you to publish up to 10 landing pages. To publish an unlimited amount, the plan would need to be upgraded. Can I build landing pages with MailerLite? Yes! MailerLite’s custom landing pages allow you to attract and convert visitors so you can promote your brand. Create and publish up to 10 landing pages for free, no coding required. Can I create a landing page without a website? You definitely can. Landing pages act as stand-alone websites with their own URL, so there is no need to have a website first before you can create a landing page. More features to explore MailerLite is packed full of features that help you save time and grow your business. Send emails Email marketing Grow your audience and build stronger relationships. Newsletter editors Design emails yourself with a drag & drop editor. Email automation Send perfectly-timed and targeted email automatically. Transactional email service Personalize these emails to build stronger customer loyalty. Build websites Website builder Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine. Create a blog Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog. Collect leads Embedded signup forms Invite people from across the web to become subscribers. Email verifier Clean and optimizes email lists to improve deliverability. Sell products Sell digital products Sell ebooks, downloads, or whatever else will help subscribers. E-commerce campaigns Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales. Paid newsletter subscriptions Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions. Product Email marketing Automations Websites Integrations Compare MailerLite Compare paid newsletters Developer API Status What's new Support Knowledge base Video tutorials Academy Hire an Expert Migration service Support Report abuse Company About us Why Lite Company values Jobs Hiring Become a partner Contact us Wall of love Newsroom Let's keep in touch Sign up for our weekly email marketing newsletter and MailerLite updates. Enter your email Subscribe Subscribe For more details, review our Privacy Policy. Thank you! Look for a confirmation email shortly to complete your subscription. 2010 - 2024 © MailerLite. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Cookies Settings Brand Assets GDPR Compliant Your data is safe with us