Home | Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Skip to main content Advertisement Main menu Home ArticlesCurrent Issue Fast Forward Latest Articles Special Sections Archive InformationInstructions to Authors Submit a Manuscript FAQs For Subscribers Terms & Conditions of Use Permissions Editorial Board AlertsAlerts RSS Feeds Virtual Issues Feedback Submit Other PublicationsDrug Metabolism and Disposition Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Molecular Pharmacology Pharmacological Reviews Pharmacology Research & Perspectives ASPET User menu My alerts Log in My Cart Search Search for this keyword Advanced search Other PublicationsDrug Metabolism and Disposition Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Molecular Pharmacology Pharmacological Reviews Pharmacology Research & Perspectives ASPET My alerts Log in My Cart Search for this keyword Advanced Search Home ArticlesCurrent Issue Fast Forward Latest Articles Special Sections Archive InformationInstructions to Authors Submit a Manuscript FAQs For Subscribers Terms & Conditions of Use Permissions Editorial Board AlertsAlerts RSS Feeds Virtual Issues Feedback Submit Visit jpet on Facebook Follow jpet on Twitter Follow jpet on LinkedIn Call for Papers - Invites Early-Career Scientists to Submit their Thesis Research Introduction Call for Papers on Targeting the Immune System for The Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics for October 2024 Call for Papers - Special Section on New Therapeutic Targets for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Related Sequelae for December 2024 Call for Papers - Special Section on Breaking Barriers in Women's Cancer Treatment: Innovative Approaches and Experimental Therapeutics for January 2025 Call for Papers - Special Section on Recent Trends in the Pharmacology of Cardiovascular Diseases for February 2025 Call for Papers - SUBMISSION DUE DATE EXTENDED! Special Section on Menopause and Hormone Therapy for April 2025 Lisa Schlein Medical Countermeasures Special Section February 2024 Cinnabarinic Acid Protects Against NAFLD ASPET 2024 Annual Meeting Effect of Anwulignan on Gastric Injury in Mice 1 2 3 4 5 Latest Fast Forward Articles You have access Comparison of the µ-opioid receptor antagonists methocinnamox (MCAM) and naloxone to reverse and prevent the ventilatory depressant effects of fentanyl, carfentanil, 3-methylfentanyl, and heroin in male rats Takato Hiranita, Nicholas P Ho and Charles P. France Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 26, 2024, JPET-AR-2023-002032; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.123.002032 You have access Development of Cilofexor, an intestinally-biased Farnesoid X Receptor agonist, for the treatment of fatty liver disease David Hollenback, Eva Hambruch, Gero Fink, Manfred Birkel, Andreas Schulz, Martin Hornberger, Kathy Liu, Kelly MacLennan Staiger, Helen Desiree Krol, Ulrich Deuschle, Christoph Steeneck, Olaf Kinzel, John T. Liles, Grant Budas, William J. Watkins and Claus Kremoser Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 26, 2024, JPET-AR-2023-001900; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.123.001900 You have access NCP, a dual kappa and mu opioid receptor agonist, is a potent analgesic against inflammatory pain without reinforcing or aversive properties Peng Huang, Conrad K. Ho, Danni Cao, Saadet Inan, Scott M. Rawls, Mengchu Li, Boshi Huang, Piyusha P. Pagare, E Andrew Townsend, Justin L. Poklis, Matthew S Halquist, Matthew Banks, Yan Zhang and Lee-Yuan Liu-Chen Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 26, 2024, JPET-AR-2023-001870; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.123.001870 You have access Pharmacokinetics of panobinostat: Inter-species difference in metabolic stability Wenqiu Zhang, Ju-Hee Oh, Wenjuan Zhang, Courtney C. Aldrich, Rachael W Sirianni and William F. Elmquist Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 26, 2024, JPET-AR-2023-002051; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.123.002051 You have access Endothelial extracellular vesicles enriched in microRNA-34a predict new-onset diabetes in COVID-19 patients: novel insights for long-COVID metabolic sequelae Pasquale Mone, Stanislovas S. Jankauskas, Maria Virginia Manzi, Jessica Gambardella, Antonietta Coppola, Urna Kansakar, Raffaele Izzo, Giuseppe Fiorentino, Angela Lombardi, Fahimeh Varzideh, Daniela Sorriento, Bruno Trimarco and Gaetano Santulli Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 9, 2024, JPET-AR-2022-001253; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.122.001253 You have access N-Acetylcysteine alters disease progression and increases Janus Kinase mutation frequency in a mouse model of precursor B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia Mia P Sams, James Iansavitchous, Madeline Astridge, Heidi Rysan, Li S Xu, Bruno Rodrigues de Oliveira and Rodney P DeKoter Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics February 9, 2024, JPET-AR-2023-002000; DOI: https://doi.org/10.1124/jpet.123.002000 View more published ahead of print articles About Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics A leading research journal in the field of pharmacology, JPET provides broad coverage of all aspects of the interactions of chemicals with biological systems, including autonomic, behavioral, cardiovascular, cellular, clinical, developmental, gastrointestinal, immuno-, neuro-, pulmonary, and renal pharmacology, as well as analgesics, drug abuse, metabolism and disposition, chemotherapy, and toxicology. Current issue Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Vol. 388, Issue 3 1 Mar 2024 Table of ContentsTable of Contents (PDF)About the CoverIndex by authorEditorial Board (PDF)Front Matter (PDF) JPET is published continuously. Articles are added as they are ready and assigned to monthly issues. Check this site for new content or sign up for content alerts. TOP 10 REASONS TO SUBMIT TO JPET: Free ASPET member submission & reduced page charges. Free color figures. Free accepted paper PDF access. Opportunity to Highlight trainee authors. Showcase important & interesting articles each month. Timely proofs and listing in PubMed. Transfer option to any ASPET journal. A goal to initiate Podcasts for top accepted articles. A goal of 20 days submission to 1st decision - GOAL MET. A goal of 9 days from acceptance to publication. - GOAL MET. EDITOR'S CHOICE ARTICLES FOR FEBRUARY 2024: Establishing a dexamethasone treatment regimen to alleviate sulfur mustard-induced corneal injuries in a rabbit model Conquering Metabolic Syndrome: Navigating Pharmacological Avenues for Comprehensive Therapeutics​ Most CitedMost Read Interindividual variations in human liver cytochrome P-450 enzymes involved in the oxidation of drugs, carcinogens and toxic chemicals: studies with liver microsomes of 30 Japanese and 30 Caucasians. Functional Selectivity and Classical Concepts of Quantitative Pharmacology Abl Protein-Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor STI571 Inhibits In Vitro Signal Transduction Mediated by c-Kit and Platelet-Derived Growth Factor Receptors More... Advertisement For an alternate route to this Journal use this URL: http://intl-jpet.aspetjournals.org Back to top Home Alerts Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Navigate Current Issue Fast Forward by date Fast Forward by section Latest Articles Archive Search for Articles Feedback ASPET More Information About JPET Editorial Board Instructions to Authors Submit a Manuscript Customized Alerts RSS Feeds Subscriptions Permissions Terms & Conditions of Use ASPET's Other Journals Drug Metabolism and Disposition Molecular Pharmacology Pharmacological Reviews Pharmacology Research & Perspectives ISSN 1521-0103 (Online) Copyright © 2024 by the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics