Budget Tracker & Planner | Free Online Money Management | Mint Skip To Main Content expand navigation options How it works What is Mint Free Credit Score Investments Security Credit Cards Loans Resources Support Blog Sign up Sign in Sign up Sign in Mint is going away. Track your finances with Credit Karma. Click “Sign Up” to learn more. Managing money, made simple Sign up for free #1 most downloaded personal finance app1 Discover what’s so amazing about Mint All your accounts. All in one place. See it all at a glance when you link your cash accounts, credit cards, investments, and bills. Sign up for free Keep your cashflow crystal clear Effortlessly track your cashflow and gain insights that’ll help you see easy opportunities to save. Sign up for free Your finances, safe and secure With 256-bit encryption and multi-factor authentication, we protect your info as if it’s our own. Learn more about our security 1 Based on all-time app downloads 2 Based on monthly bills since December 2021. How Mint Works How Mint Works All accounts in one place Free credit score Investment tracker Safety & security Offers Offers Credit cards Personal loans Banking Student loans Insurance Mint Resources Mint Resources Mint Blog Mint Help Center Mint Help Center Mint help Security Login and Password Sitemap Contrast About Intuit Join Our Team Press Privacy Security Terms of Service FAQs Affiliates and Partners Accessibility ©2007-2024 Intuit, Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, QuickBooks, QB, TurboTax, ProConnect, and Mint are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice. Security Certification of the TurboTax Online application has been performed by C-Level Security. By accessing and using this page you agree to the Terms and Conditions. About Cookies Intuit Personal Loan Platform is a service offered by Intuit Financing Inc. (NMLS #1136148), a subsidiary of Intuit Inc. In California, loans are made or arranged by Intuit Financing Inc. (CFL #6055856) | Licenses