Social Science Computing Cooperative – UW–Madison Skip to main content University of Wisconsin–Madison UW Crest Social Science Computing Cooperative Search Menu open menu close Accounts Expand Collapse Request an SSCC Account Reset your password if you’ve forgotten it Change your SSCC Password Set your preferred email address Request project space Get Help Statistical Consulting Knowledge Base Expand Collapse Research Computing Stata R Python SAS Other Research Software Connecting to the SSCC VPN Mapping a Drive to a Network Share All KB Articles Training Winstat About the SSCC Expand Collapse Who We Are Join the SSCC SSCC News SSCC Staff SSCC Policies SSCC Services SSCC Software Using Linux has never been so easy! Open OnDemand allows you to log into servers identical to Linstat using your browser and get a “desktop” graphical user interface like a regular computer. Connecting to OnDemand and Working With OnDemand have details to help you get started. Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is required to access Linstat unless you are on Winstat or using the SSCC VPN (which already requires MFA). If you choose not to use VPN, you can still connect to linstat.ssc.wisc.edu which will automatically redirect you to our gateway where you can use MFA to log in. This also works for accessing our Linux file server (ftp.ssc.wisc.edu) . Supporting Statistical Analysis for Research Support The SSCC’s staff is here to answer your questions, help you use our services, and solve your computing problems. The SSCC Help Desk is your first point of contact whether you need help logging into Winstat, a fix for your computer, or statistical advice. Computing Resources The SSCC provides powerful Windows and Linux servers with the most popular statistical software, plus a secure computing environment for working with HIPAA and other sensitive data. Statistics and Data Science The SSCC’s statistical consultants provide consulting and training for social science researchers on statistical and data science topics. They’ve also created an extensive statistical computing knowledge base. Getting Started If you’re new to the SSCC, start here to request an account, set it up, and learn about what we provide. Students and Instructors If you’re taking a class that uses SSCC’s resources, you can use our computer lab or log in to servers from home. You can also get help using statistical software from our consultants. Instructors, start here to learn about our support for instruction, request accounts for your students, or sign up to use our computer classroom. Solution Center Problem with your computer? Need to set something up? Solution Center is your quick and easy guide to the most common problems SSCC members run into and their solutions. NewsSSCC News January 2024SSCC News December 2023SSCC News October 2023SSCC News for August 2023SSCC News May 2023SSCC Annual Account RenewalSSCC News March 2023Upcoming SSCC Events: No events returned. Site footer content University logo that links to main university website Contact Us1180 Observatory Dr. Rm 4226 Madison, WI 53706 Map map marker Email: helpdesk@ssc.wisc.edu Phone: 608-262-9917 Website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: helpdesk@ssc.wisc.edu. Learn more about accessibility at UW–Madison. This site was built using the UW Theme | Privacy Notice | © 2024 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System.