Home | School of Law | University of Missouri - Kansas City University of Missouri-Kansas city School of Law School of Law Apply Visit Get Info Admissions Academics Current Students Faculty Alumni and Giving Career Services About Us Apply Visit Get Info We've got bar prep covered! No cost beyond tuition and fees. Learn More Home Proven success 96.6% employment rate Class of 2022 as of March 2023, as defined by the ABA and NALP 1,424 local and regional positions posted 2021-2022 Academic Year 93% employed in Bar Passage Required or JD Advantage positions As defined by the ABA and NALP Previous Next Why UMKC Law Diversity, Inclusion and Empowerment CLE Events Bloch Law Library "Both the professors and the law school take seriously the charge of preparing the next generation of lawyers, which is a huge benefit to myself and all who attend UMKC School of Law.” Daniel Foose UMKC School of Law Alumni (J.D.'23) Read the full story Learn about our J.D. degree Latest News UMKC Alumni Award Winner Turns Love of the Arts into Philanthropic Life Suzanne Shank dedicates time and money into UMKC and the Kansas City arts community One Family, 100 Years of Roos UMKC Alumni Association honors the Tedrow/Selders/Hogerty Family with the 2024 Legacy Award UMKC School of Law Recognized for Value, Programs PreLaw magazine recognizes five programs for excellence Apply Visit Get Info UMKC School of Law 816-235-1644 Volker Campus 500 E. 52nd St. Kansas City, MO 64110 Leon E. Bloch Law Library Continuing Legal Education Events Calendar About Us RooLaw CONNECT Make a Gift Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Location and Maps Campus Calendar A-Z Index Jobs Directory Diversity and Inclusion Libraries Help Central Consumer Information Accreditation Webmail Pathway Canvas UMKC Connect MyRoo © 2024 Curators of the University of Missouri | Disability Resources | Privacy Policy | DMCA Policy | Issues with this website? | Editor Access UMKC is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disability and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to Title IX and 34 CFR Part 106. For more information, visit our UMKC Statement of Nondiscrimination. We use cookies to provide and improve our services. By using our site, you consent to cookies. Accept Learn More