Home | City & State New York Continue to the site Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Politics Policy Personality Power Lists Opinion | Events Special Reports Magazine Newsletters More Politics Policy Personality Power Lists Opinion Events Special Reports Magazine Newsletters Political Personalities With Skye Job Board Resource Directory Legal & Public Notices Subscription Advertise About Us Staff Merchandise Awards, Plaques & Permissions Channels Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Trending 2024 congressional battleground State Legislature 2024 races to watch As budget season gets underway, council presses administration for collaboration Policy As budget season gets underway, council presses administration for collaboration City Comptroller Brad Lander accused the mayor of announcing deep budget cuts so that he could later magnanimously reverse them. By Annie McDonoughMarch 4, 2024 Labor Special Report: Labor Unions Albany Agenda A wave of retirements hits the New York Legislature Campaigns & Elections Upstate New York Senate ‘primary’ is over before it even starts Technology Parents concerned about addictive social media have the ear of Tish James Education NYC Education Department taken to task over class size law News & Politics Eric Adams’ visibility may not mean greater transparency Labor Special Report: Labor Unions Albany Agenda A wave of retirements hits the New York Legislature Campaigns & Elections Upstate New York Senate ‘primary’ is over before it even starts Technology Parents concerned about addictive social media have the ear of Tish James Education NYC Education Department taken to task over class size law News & Politics Eric Adams’ visibility may not mean greater transparency PoliticsShow All New York City 7 things to know from the 2023 New York City lobbying report Last year was a busy one for the movers and shakers influencing City Hall. By Sahalie Donaldson 9 hours ago Criminal Justice Rikers replacement jails won't be ready by 2027 deadline, City Hall budget director says “We know it’s not going to happen by 2027,” Budget Director Jacques Jiha said of the plan to close Rikers Island, during a discussion of the city’s capital budget. By Annie McDonough March 4, 2024 Heard Around Town Long Island Letitia The state AG has been eyeing Nassau County’s business recently. By Holly Pretsky March 4, 2024 Labor Health care unions in New York are fighting back for better pay After the COVID-19 pandemic, doctors and nurses have been striking in greater numbers. By Bob Hennelly March 4, 2024 PolicyShow All Labor State lawmakers look to improve pensions to attract public sector workers Complaints are rampant about the Tier 6 pension level, which some believe make working for the state less appealing. By Aaron Short March 4, 2024 Policy Parents concerned about addictive social media have the ear of Tish James The New York attorney general is turning her attention to Big Tech – pushing legislation to give her office the power to crack down on algorithms targeting kids. By Holly Pretsky March 3, 2024 New York City NYC Education Department taken to task over class size law The City Council wants to see working group recommendations implemented to help student outcomes. By Sahalie Donaldson March 1, 2024 New York City Council The NYC Council is trying to sue Eric Adams. Here’s what you need to know. The City Council’s bid to join a lawsuit against the mayor makes an aggressive argument for the separation of powers. By Annie McDonough February 28, 2024 PersonalityShow All Personality All the ways New York is honoring Flaco in death There are bills and a possible memorial in the works. By Sahalie Donaldson 9 hours ago New York State How New York’s chief information officer is guiding AI policy at state agencies Cybersecurity and revamping the state unemployment insurance system are also on Dru Rai’s lengthy to-do list. By Annie McDonough 9 hours ago Albany Agenda A wave of retirements hits the New York Legislature A dozen lawmakers have already announced they’re heading for the exits. Some say they’ve had enough of the Albany grind. By Austin C. Jefferson March 4, 2024 Interviews & Profiles Helping freelancers with taxes and bolstering rights in the workplace A Q&A with Vilda Vera Mayuga, commissioner of the New York City Department of Consumer and Worker Protection. By Aaron Short March 4, 2024 The must-read daily newsletter for NY's political community. Get it in your inbox. email Events CalendarShow All Mar 6, 8:30 am ET Live Event 2024 The NY Thermal Energy Networks Summit Mar 14, 9:00 am ET Live Event 2024 Digital New York Summit Mar 21, 9:00 am ET Live Event Digital Spaces, Diverse Faces Mar 22, 10:00 am ET Webinar Connecting Communities: Bridging the Rural Digital Divide Mar 6, 8:30 am ET Live Event 2024 The NY Thermal Energy Networks Summit Mar 14, 9:00 am ET Live Event 2024 Digital New York Summit Mar 21, 9:00 am ET Live Event Digital Spaces, Diverse Faces Mar 22, 10:00 am ET Webinar Connecting Communities: Bridging the Rural Digital Divide The must-read daily newsletter for NY's political community. Get it in your inbox. email Power ListsShow All Power Lists The 2024 New York City Power 100 Leaders who’ve made this the greatest city in the world. By City & State February 26, 2024 Publisher's Section Who's Who in Budgeting & Finance The fiscal and financial wizards you need to know in New York. By City & State February 20, 2024 Sponsored Content Empowering Change: Person Centered Care Services and the Trailblazing Women in Leadership Discover the Impact of Nonprofit Excellence and Congratulate Helen Duchene, CFO, on Her Prestigious Award By Nisha Tumber February 15, 2024 Power of Diversity The 2024 Power of Diversity: Black 100 Trailblazing leaders from Harlem, Brooklyn and across New York. By City & State February 5, 2024 OpinionShow All Editor's Note Editor’s note: If there’s one way to get straphangers angry, it’s a subway delay A work stoppage after a grisly attack on a conductor made for a hellish morning commute that was totally unnecessary. By Ralph R. Ortega March 4, 2024 New York State Opinion: To confront the senior care staffing crisis, invest in what works How proven models create equitable career paths for young people and grow the healthcare workforce By Cordell Cleare March 4, 2024 Editor's Note Editor’s note: A subway train improvement creates a whole new breed of straphanger Everyone going back-and-forth across the open gangways on the new R211T cars deserves the distinction of being called “Gangway Walkers.” By Ralph R. Ortega February 28, 2024 Opinion Opinion: Those who live in NYCHA can put an end to its corruption An argument for the creation of Resident Management Corporations to manage the nation’s largest public housing system. By Manny Martinez and Iziah Thompson February 27, 2024 MagazineShow All Next City & State Links News & Politics Albany Agenda Campaign Confidential New York City New York State Campaigns & Elections Heard Around Town News & Politics Ask the Experts Announcements Policy Budget Criminal Justice Education Energy & Environment Ethics Gambling Healthcare Housing Immigration Infrastructure Labor Nonprofits Policy Publisher's Section Small Business Technology Transportation Personality Interviews & Profiles Personality Winners & Losers Power List Opinion Commentary Editor's Note Opinion List Nominations First Read Sign up Magazine Subscribe Issues Media Videos Resource Directory Events Conferences Network Receptions Award Ceremony Past Events Jobs Products Why Post with Us About NY Nonprofit Jobs About Staff Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Merchandise Awards, Plaques & Permissions Follow Us © 2024 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top × Please read our Privacy Policy as it has recently been updated. City & State New York uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name I Work For... — select — State/Local Government Federal Government Government Contractor Education Private Sector Lobbying Advocacy Media Retired ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State Other ▼ Agency/Department — select — Higher Education K-12 Education Other ▼ Organization Function — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other ▼ Please Provide Your Org.'s Name Industry — select — Education & Academia Energy & Environment Financial Services Government Health Care Labor Law Media PR & Consulting Real Estate Technology ▼ Job Title Job Function — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management ▼ Phone Number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other ▼ Country Name Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. × Get the must-read daily newsletter covering New York's nonprofit community. Sign up for FIRST READ Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- State/Local Government Federal Government Government Contractor Education Private Sector Lobbying Advocacy Media Retired Also get our Events Newsletters, and stay up to date on all our in-person and virtual offerings. Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, City & State NY can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit More from CSNY Privacy Policy