Harvard Kennedy School | Harvard Kennedy School Skip to main content Main navigation Mobile Educational Programs Master’s Programs Executive Education Doctoral Programs Public Leadership Credential Undergraduate Opportunities Courses Academic Calendars & Policies Admissions & Aid Master’s Program Admissions Executive Education Admissions Doctoral Program Admissions Funding Your Education Faculty & Research Faculty Profiles Publications Policy Topics PolicyCast Library & Research Services Centers & Initiatives Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs Bloomberg Center for Cities Carr Center for Human Rights Policy Center for International Development Center for Public Leadership Institute of Politics Malcolm Wiener Center for Social Policy Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy Taubman Center for State and Local Government Women and Public Policy Program All Initiatives Alumni Connect Volunteer Give Back Benefits Events About More About News & Announcements Events Student Life Directory Employers HKS Magazine Contact Us Search Search Sort by RelevanceRelevanceTitle A-ZTitle Z-A Main navigation Educational Programs Master’s Programs Executive Education Doctoral Programs Public Leadership Credential Undergraduate Opportunities Courses Academic Calendars & Policies Admissions & Aid Master’s Program Admissions Executive Education Admissions Doctoral Program Admissions Funding Your Education Faculty & Research Faculty Profiles Publications Policy Topics PolicyCast Library & Research Services Centers & Initiatives Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs Bloomberg Center for Cities Carr Center for Human Rights Policy Center for International Development Center for Public Leadership Institute of Politics Malcolm Wiener Center for Social Policy Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy Taubman Center for State and Local Government Women and Public Policy Program All Initiatives Alumni Connect Volunteer Give Back Benefits Events About More About News & Announcements Events Student Life Directory Employers HKS Magazine Contact Us Search Search Sort by RelevanceRelevanceTitle A-ZTitle Z-A Harvard Kennedy School changes what’s possible Our students are globally minded, intellectually curious, and committed to public service. Get to know some of them. Read student stories Student Stories Equity Fellows are addressing injustices in the Black and African American communities—in education, healthcare, IT, finance (and beyond) The Equity Fellowship Program at the Center for Public Leadership supports students devoted to understanding and breaking down societal barriers to equity for the Black, African American, Latino, and other marginalized communities in the United States. Summer at the statehouse: Q&A with Dukakis Fellow Carolyn Bruckmann MPP/MBA 2025 Carolyn Bruckmann MPP/MBA 2025 spent the summer working as an Economic Development Strategic Policy Fellow in the Office of the Governor of Connecticut as part of the Dukakis Fellowship Program. Learn about her experience. A fight for self-governance guided Heto Puka MC/MPA 2024 to Harvard Heto Puka MC/MPA 2024 hopes the lessons learned at HKS will open doors to resources and connections that will benefit Tokelau’s quest for self-determination. Lessons learned during January Term January Term (or J-Term) is an opportunity for HKS students to take condensed courses in the weeks leading up to the spring semester. Here’s what they learned. Beyond firsts: LaShyra Nolen MD/MPP 2024 steps into the ring to fight for equitable policies in health care Driven by her passion for health care and social justice, LaShyra “Lash” Nolen MPP/MD 2024 will use her degrees in public policy and medicine to make a difference in the lives of others. What does public service mean to you? We asked some HKS students who serve—and have served—in the military: What does public service mean to you? How has your military experience shaped your understanding of and connection to public service? Here is what they shared. Discover Programs That Fit Your Career Goals Master’s Programs Master’s Programs One- and two-year master’s degree programs in public policy or public administration prepare students to lead. How to Apply Executive Education Executive Education Open-enrollment and custom programs to help leaders gain the skills needed to solve current challenges in real time. Find a program Doctoral Programs Doctoral Programs Full-time PhD programs in public, health, and social policy prepare candidates for careers in academia, research, or policymaking. How to Apply Public Leadership Credential Public Leadership Credential A series of online courses developed to help learners improve their decision-making, leadership, and policymaking skills for the public good. Request Info Candid & Constructive Conversations We are committed to strengthening our ability to have candid and constructive conversations across difference. We assessed the challenges that HKS faces in fostering candid and constructive conversations and developed a strategy and recommendations for overcoming them. Learn about candid and constructive conversations Upcoming Events Micro-activism at Work: How to be Active Citizens in a “Conservative” WorkplaceTuesday, March 5, 2024 12:00 PM - 1:15 PM EST The Future of the International Monetary System: The Dollar vs the YuanTuesday, March 5, 2024 12:00 PM - 1:15 PM EST Value-Based Contracting in Health CareTuesday, March 5, 2024 4:15 PM - 6:00 PM EST See more events The Latest Science, Technology & Data A popular educational tool may unexpectedly lead high-achieving students to set their bar for college too low. International Relations & Security Two peoples. Two states. Why U.S. diplomacy in Israel and Palestine needs vision, partners, and a backbone Gender, Race & Identity History, culture, and policy all influence the state of Black America and democracy today, HKS faculty explain Read more stories HKS Instagram Get smart & reliable public policy insights right in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE TO OUR FREE NEWSLETTER Acknowledgment of Land and People Harvard University is located on the traditional land of the Massachusett people, and the Nipmuc and Wampanoag Nations have long been our neighbors as well. Harvard Kennedy School recognizes and honors the past, present, and future of these Indigenous people and precious lands. 79 John F. Kennedy Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Ask What You Can Do Master’s Programs Executive Education Doctoral Programs Public Leadership Credential Admissions Events Give Now Alumni Jobs Contact Us Privacy Accessibility Digital Accessibility Copyright © 2024 The President and Fellows of Harvard College. https://www.facebook.com/harvardkennedyschool/ https://twitter.com/kennedy_school https://www.linkedin.com/school/harvard-kennedy-school-of-government/ https://www.youtube.com/user/HarvardKennedySchool http://instagram.com/harvardkennedyschool/ https://www.tiktok.com/@harvardkennedyschool