Rosbaltlevnoevse News of News Youtube, Facebook* and Instagram*, a large -scale malfunction of supports occurred that they were working to eliminate non -commissioned ones. Today, 18: 48 functioning, with financial support from the Ministry of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Communications of the Russian Federation, the presidentials indicated the end of the “partial partialMobilization ”The response was published by the deputy of the Legislative Assembly of St. Petersburg Boris Vishnevsky. Today, 15: 07mos, he issued a warrant of distant aircraft and the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian Russian, they take part in a special operation in Ukraine. Today, 14: 01 people in Russia are attacked most fraudulent projects“ promote ”the most fraudulent projectsThrough social networks and messengers. Today, 07: 00 minister of German defense revealed the reason for the scandalous leakage of the conversation, the officer was intercepted not due to hacking of communication systems. Today, 09: 41na oil deposits in the Belgorod region, the explosion of operational services, 07, the place, 07: 52 last news of the world and Russiav of St. Petersburg by a third, the number of new vacancies for February placed 104 thousand sentences. Today, 20: 59 Putin supported the creation of a grain exchange within the framework of the Briksprezi, conducting an inspection of the agricultural complex of the Russian Federation in the Stavropol Territory, 20: 41neryshkin: Navalny* died.With his death, sooner or later, life ends the head of the SVR commented on the death of an oppositionist. Today, 19: 31c, the Khanty-Mansiyska-Neroset will write laws instead of bureaucratic intelligence will trust legislative creativity. Today, 19: 14S-27, they raised it into the air in the Crimea because of the three French aircraft, 18: 31 Gorobrics lifted the sanctions from billionaire Makarov after abandoning Russian citizenship last year. The businessman refused the Russian passport. Today, 17: 56th labor market, only migrants can save? Experts told what foreign experts need the country's economy.