GDPR Compliance and ePrivacy CMP Solution - Cookiebot™ Preserve Google ads personalization and measurement features in the EU and/or EEA. Implement Consent Mode v2 before March 2024. Act now About Us Help Newsletter English Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano What is Cookiebot Cookiebot™ Consent Solution Cookiebot CMP Features WordPress Plugin Regulations DMA (EU) GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) LGPD (Brazil) VCDPA (Virginia) TCF 2.2 (IAB) Google Consent Mode (EU) Resellers Become a Reseller Reseller Certification Find a Reseller Resources Blog Digital Markets Act Hub Google Consent Mode Hub Pricing Log InFree Trial Is my website compliant? The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to all websites with users from the EU. Check if your website’s use of cookies and online tracking is compliant with GDPR and the ePrivacy Directive (ePR). See what data your website collects and shares with 3rd parties – also useful for CCPA compliance (California Consumer Privacy Act). Check my website Age* Cookiebot CMP helps make your use of cookies and online tracking compliant. GDPR CCPA/CPRA DMA LGPD POPIA Start 14-day free trial 1 Enter URL 2 Enter Email 3 Confirm Email 4 Get Results You did it. Your test results will soon arrive in your Email box. (Give it about 1-2 hours) Free 14 day Premium trial If you want to start to make your site compliant right away, take this shortcut into our great 14 day free Premium Trial. Test all Cookiebot CMP Premium features right now and don’t pay anything for 14 days. Try Cookiebot Premium free for 14 days Cookiebot CMP helps you manage cookies and trackers on your website to achieve privacy compliance Full control of cookies and trackers Cookiebot CMP’s powerful scanner checks your website monthly to identify the cookies and tracking technologies you are using. It automatically categorizes the cookies and trackers and blocks them until visitors give consent. Trustworthy consent collection Start collecting consent on your website quickly by implementing one of our pre-built templates, Or easily design your own customer banner. Provide transparency with your users how their data is collected and for what purposes. Secure consent storage and monitoring Gain peace of mind and achieve ongoing privacy compliance on your website with our cookie reports and consent dashboard. Consent is stored up to 12 months and consent logs are available for audit purposes or data subject access requests. The most used solution for compliant use of cookies and online tracking Used on 1.4 million websites Manages 5.2 billion monthly user consents Supports 47+ languages Achieve compliance and minimize your legal risk With the dynamic data privacy regulation landscape, keeping up to date with the latest legislation changes can be challenging. Cookiebot CMP helps you tackle the legal complexities in the markets where your business operates. It streamlines your website privacy compliance of your websites with automation powered by the latest tech stack. State of the art scanning technology automatically detects cookies and trackers International customization for languages and regulations Collect valid consent by showing clear and accurate messaging Explore more of our features Improve user experience and transparency Create a trustworthy user experience by giving your visitors the freedom of choice and transparency on how their data is used. With multiple integration options, in minutes you can start collecting consent with little tech resource overhead. Enables granular consent options to respect user choice Customized branding for seamless, trustworthy user experience Pre-built, user-friendly templates enable setup in minutes Build trust with Cookiebot CMP Gain peace of mind and control over your website Cookiebot CMP automated processes of website scanning and cookie and tracker categorization saves you time and resources. After initial setup ongoing maintenance is minimal. With extensive documentation and our premium customer support, you have full control and support over your website’s privacy compliance. Automated scanning and updates free up internal resources Best-in-class customer support team for all your needs User-friendly admin interface for easy changes and consent insights Futureproof compliance with Cookiebot CMP Enabling data privacy compliance across the whole organization Technical Teams Marketers Legal Experts Technical Teams Seamless integration and hassle-free maintenance Easy to implement with seamless integration into your existing tech stack. Our reliable tech and legal expertise enables you to automate privacy compliance. No disruptions or impact on your website performance. Marketers Trustworthy user experiences along with better data for smarter insights Great customer experiences require knowing your users, and for that you need high quality data. Get more data with consent and automated privacy compliance, for seamless, user-friendly marketing initiatives. Legal Experts Comprehensive privacy compliance now and in the future The global data privacy landscape keeps evolving. Your growing business has to keep up. Gain peace of mind with comprehensive compliance geotargeted for relevant markets and regulations. Get to know Cookiebot™ with your free trial Step 1 Sign up for your free account Step 2 Choose your banner and copy its code Step 3 Paste the code into your site header. Done! Start your free 14-day trial now Cancel any time Our latest articles on all things privacy Understanding Spanish cookie laws: A comprehensive guide The Spanish data protection authority (AEPD) updated its guidelines on the use of cookies in Spain, requiring compliance from January 2024. We take a look at Spanish cookie laws to learn… Learn more Understanding Danish DPA cookie consent guidelines If you offer goods and services to Danish users or track their website activity using cookies, you need their explicit consent to do so. But what does explicit consent mean, and how… Learn more Google’s new privacy compliance requirements: March deadline, Consent Mode v2, and securing advertising Google’s March deadline with new requirements for advertisers in the EU/EEA and UK is fast approaching, as… Learn more Stay informed Join our growing community of data privacy enthusiasts now. Subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter and get all the latest updates right in your inbox. Subscribe By clicking on “Subscribe” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter. I can easily cancel my Cookiebot™ newsletter subscription and revoke consent to use my data by clicking the unsubscribe link or I can write to [email protected] to make the request. Privacy policy. Age* Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE Euro - € Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Subscribe to our newsletter Sign Up Age* By clicking on “Sign up” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Usercentrics newsletter. I agree that my data may be used for any information related to the products and services offered by Cookiebot™. I can easily revoke this any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or by emailing Cookiebot™ at [email protected]. See Privacy Policy Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Book a trial consultation Request a quote Cookiebot™ Cookie Checker Help Center Get the Cookiebot WordPress Plugin Cookiebot CMP is a Consent Management Platform that helps businesses make their websites compliant with data privacy regulations.©2024 Cookiebot. All rights reserved. Cookiebot is a trademark of Usercentrics A/S. Usercentrics A/S is registered in Denmark. Company reg. no.: 34624607. Follow us How can we help you? Scan your website for free or get started right away. Scan your website now Get started You are one step away from being able to achieve compliance Get started right away for free with our plug and play Consent Management solution. Get started Is your website privacy compliant? Scan your website for free and find out which cookies and tracking technologies are collecting user data. Scan your website now