Indian Recipes, Cooking videos, Restaurant & Home Recipes, vegetarian & Non Veg Recipes Vahchef with Indian food videos inspires home cooks with new recipes every day. Browse Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Dessert Recipes Mutton and Lamb Recipes Indian Bread Recipes Dal Recipes Chutney and PickleRecipes Indo-Chinese Recipes Snacks and Appetizers Low Fat Recipes Chaat Recipes Biryani and Rice Recipes Curry Recipes Indian Sweet Recipes Egg Recipes Paneer Recipes Chicken Recipes Indian Tiffins Eggless Recipes Soups and Salads Indian Sea Food Manchurian Recipes Indian Drink Recipes Dinner Recipes Search Recipe App × Vahrehvah Mobile App Click to download vahrehvah mobile app Vahrehvah App Vahrehvah Telugu App Login Create Profile × Sign in Sign in with your social account Facebook Googleplus Email address Password Remember me Forgot Password Sign in Sign Up × Create an account Join vahrehvah with your social account Facebook Googleplus Email address User name Password Sign up Already have an account ? Sign In By clicking 'Join' you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy. Latest Vah Videos Paneer Recipes Biryani Recipes Egg Recipes Sweets Snacks & Appetizers Tiffin & Breakfast Chutneys Recipe Chicken Recipes Mutton Recipes Indo Chinese More Healthy Recipes Curry Recipes Indian Bread Recipes Indian Drinks Recipes Chaat Recipes Low Fat Recipes Indian Sea Food Andhra Pradesh Maharastra Rajastan Kerala Indian Gujarath Tamilnadu Punjab Bengali More Arunachal Pradesh Assam Bihar Goa Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Madhya Pradesh Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Orissa Sikkim Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand West Bengal Festivals Cooking Tips Health Foods OSM Awards More Vegetarian Kids Children Indo Chinese International Cusine More Top 25 tasty and popular dishes in India High Protein Indian Vegetarian Foods Best Indian Fish Fry Recipes More Best Indian Fish Curry Recipes Low-Carb Diet Popular Indian Spinach Recipes Famous Foods in Orissa (Odisha) Popular Besan Gram Flour Recipes Top 10 Rajasthani Recipes top-10 south indian breakfast recipes Popular Spring Onion Recipes Most Popular Keema Recipes Popular Simple Cauliflower Recipes Popular Snake Gourd Recipes Popular Cabbage Recipes Popular Chicken Curry Recipes Jammu & Top 10 Paneer Recipes Kerala Ayurvedic Water Popular Green Beans Recipes Popular Drumstick Recipes New Popular Recommended Egg Recipes Curry Recipes Dinner Recipes Manchurian Recipes Dessert Recipes Vahchef with Indian food videos inspires home cooks to create restaurant style recipes at home every day. Latest Vah Recipes Grid List Bajji For Pavbajji Pav bhaji - Learn how to make easy mumbai style best popular, delicious and tasty pav bhaji recipe at home.Pav bhaji is undoubtedly an Indian... Chicken Chargha Charga in pashtun is chicken and this dish influenced by streets of Pakistan and Punjab.... Chilli Paneer Paneer Chilli Recipe an innovative recipe with the traditional paneer is a combination of the best of Indian and Chinese Chilli Paneer is a si... Cut Mirchi Pakodi Street food almost found on roadside. Its a easy to make crispy snack pakoda which can be prepared and eaten any time especially during teatim... Egg Roast - Kerala R... Egg roast is a dish native to Kerala, India, consisting of eggs roasted in a masala gravy. Egg roast is a great accompaniment to roti, bread, ... Frankie - Katti Roll Kathi Roll stand at almost every corner of Delhi. It is also known as Frankie in a lot of different regions.... Gobi 65 Cauliflower... Gobi 65 or Cauliflower 65 cooked the restaurant style is truly tempting and enticing. Blanched cauliflower florets nicely coated with a spiced... Mango Sour Cream Des... Mango Shrikhand is a very popular Indian dessert made from strained yogurt. It is one of the main desserts in Maharashtrian and Gujarati cuisi... Kalakand Indian Swee... Kalakand is a popular Indian sweet made for specially festivals by reducing milk and sugar the traditional way of making kalakand sweet take... Mutton Curry In Bhun... Mutton Curry anyways tastes awesome and in bhuna style which might sound tough can be made easily at home after watching this video.... Biscuit Chocolate Ca... It is a delicious Chocolate biscuit cake made with nice biscuits topped with an instant chocolate truffle.... Malai Methi Matar Pa... Malai Methi Matar Paneer tastes amazingly delicious with the richness of milk, cream, paneer and cashew nuts.... Rajma Masala How to makeRajma Masala?How to cookRajma Masala?Learn the recipeRajma Masalaby vahchef.For all recipes visit vahrehvah.com... French Fries Sandwic... French fries sandwich is a good combination. where french fry recipe uses a double frying method for a fluffy interior and crispy exterior. A ... Mushroom Pickle Pula... A concoction of cooking mushroom pickle with pulao rice is a different style of rice recipe to have more and more on day to day basis.... Chicken Badham Korma... Chicken Badham Korma Biryani is delicious biryani recipe with a perfect blend of spices and richness of almonds.... Paneer Recipes Paneer is the most common South Asian and Persian cheese. It is an unaged, acid-set, non-melting farmer cheese made by curdling heated milk with lemon juice or other food acid... Biryani and Rice Recipes Biryanis made with brown basmati rice and are a specialty as one need to adjust the spices and condiments with meats or vegetable to perfection. Nothing less is acceptable and easily written off as not to the mark... Egg Recipes Eggs are the most cheaply available foods which are also a fast to cook dish. Eggs are naturally produced food containing many essential nutrients in a balanced diet for adults and children. Egg is an excellent source of protein... Indian Sweet Recipes Indian sweets or Mithai, are a type of confectionery that rely heavily on sugar, milk, flour and condensed milk, and cooked by frying, however the bases of the sweets vary by region. In the Eastern part of India for example, milk... Snacks and Appetizers Diversity is one of the characteristics that best describe India. India is relatively a large country, and every state has many different languages, dialects, unique traditions, and most importantly, Indian recipes... Indian tiffins Breakfast is also known as tiffin or nashta in various region of India. Breakfast or tiffin is definitely an essential meal particularly w... Chutney and Pickles Pickles and dipping often referred as Achar and Chutneys is a spicy preparation and one of the most important accompaniments for the main dish. In South India pickles are considered more of a ritual to start a meal with and... Chicken Recipes Indian cuisine is popularly known for its spicy and tangy taste. Indian curries and gravies are a treat and appealing to International palate. Chicken ( White meat ) recipes form a vital part of the Indian non vegetarian cuisine... Mutton and Lamb Normally Mutton and Lamb recipes are a treat to any Non vegetarian food lover. From basic roasted leg of lamb to exotic dishes, the cooking options multiply. Mutton and lamb could be cooked in many ways region wise... Indo-Chinese Recipes Indo Chinese cuisine is the adaptation of Chinese seasoning and cooking according to Indian tastes. The cuisine originated from the small Chinese community that lived in Kolkata for over a century... Healthy Recipes Most Indian foods that are freshly cooked with fat free oil and less ghee are healthier. Indian foods have a wide variety of items that are nutritious, healthy and a well balanced meal. Such exotic and enriching menus are passed... Curry Recipes Indian curries recipes, Chicken curry recipes In India curry is a generic description to South Indian dish with gravy or sauce. In most South Indian cuisines, a curry is considered a side-dish, which can be eaten along with a main... Indian Bread Recipes North India is one of the major producers of Wheat. As wheat being the staple food, Chapati, Phulka, Roti,Naan, Paratha, Kulcha are various types of Indian Breads prepared region wise and are popularly known... Indian Drinks Recipes Indian drink or Indian beverage is a popular part of the Indian cuisine and has an array of drinks that are both unique and refreshing. According to Indian ethnic culture, drinking Alcohol was considered bad hence there were only few local alcoholic... Chaat Recipes “Chaat” — an assorted savory snacks typically served at every road side tracks from big outlets to small carts in India, Pakistan and rest of South Asia. Initially, Chaats were known as the street food in cities like Mumbai, Hyderabad, Delhi... Low Fat Recipes To stay healthy and fit it’s required that a low fat diet is maintained. Indian cuisine is aromatic, warm and loaded with healthy spices and ingredients. This can be controlled by avoiding loads of fat, butter, oil and cream... Indian Sea Food Seafood is any type of sea life considered to be foodstuff by humans. Seafood prominently involves fish and shellfish. seafood items repres... Easy recipes India is the paradise for food, boasting of not one or two but about as many cuisines as the number of communities. Food of India can be categorized into North Indian and South Indian for the purpose of simplicity... Egg less Recipes India is called the paradise for food, cultural heritage and diversity. Hence we can take the pride to boast of our varied cuisines categorically. Every State in India has its own traditional culinary variation and has its own uniqueness... Dinner Recipes India is the paradise for food, boasting of not one or two but about as many cuisines as the number of communities. Food of India can be categorized into North Indian and South Indian for the purpose of simplicity... Manchurian Recipes Recipes from other countries like China and Thailand have made a vast change to create Indo-Chinese fusion cuisine. Indo-Chinese foods are hot favorites liked by one and all. Our Chinese recipes contain recipes of... Dal Recipes Dal — One of the popular pulses commonly prepared in every house of South Asian countries. Dal can also be spelled in many ways like the “Dahl”, “Daal”, “Dhal”, or the “Parippu”, “Paruppu” and “Pappu” because of the wide cultural heritage... Dessert Recipes Indian Desserts and Sweets are always an integral part of Indian delicacies, mainly milk based Desserts carry a predominant place in the Indian cuisine. There is an astonishing variety of Indian Desserts and sweets region wise and have their own... Soups and Salads Indian soups and salads, the possibilities are endless. Soups and salads are considered as health foods as they make use of a wide variety of vegetables and fruits and can be eaten for a side dish or make it bigger bowl and good for a full meal... Bajji For Pavbajji Pav bhaji - Learn how to make easy mumbai style best popular, delicious and tasty pav bhaji recipe at home.Pav bhaji is undoubtedly an Indian... Chicken Chargha Charga in pashtun is chicken and this dish influenced by streets of Pakistan and Punjab.... Chilli Paneer Paneer Chilli Recipe an innovative recipe with the traditional paneer is a combination of the best of Indian and Chinese Chilli Paneer is a si... More... Frankie - Katti Roll Kathi Roll stand at almost every corner of Delhi. It is also known as Frankie in a lot of different regions.... Gobi 65 Cauliflower... Gobi 65 or Cauliflower 65 cooked the restaurant style is truly tempting and enticing. Blanched cauliflower florets nicely coated with a spiced... Mango Sour Cream Des... Mango Shrikhand is a very popular Indian dessert made from strained yogurt. It is one of the main desserts in Maharashtrian and Gujarati cuisi... Kalakand Indian Swee... Kalakand is a popular Indian sweet made for specially festivals by reducing milk and sugar the traditional way of making kalakand sweet take... Mutton Curry In Bhun... Mutton Curry anyways tastes awesome and in bhuna style which might sound tough can be made easily at home after watching this video.... Biscuit Chocolate Ca... It is a delicious Chocolate biscuit cake made with nice biscuits topped with an instant chocolate truffle.... Malai Methi Matar Pa... Malai Methi Matar Paneer tastes amazingly delicious with the richness of milk, cream, paneer and cashew nuts.... Rajma Masala How to makeRajma Masala?How to cookRajma Masala?Learn the recipeRajma Masalaby vahchef.For all recipes visit vahrehvah.com... French Fries Sandwic... French fries sandwich is a good combination. where french fry recipe uses a double frying method for a fluffy interior and crispy exterior. A ... Mushroom Pickle Pula... A concoction of cooking mushroom pickle with pulao rice is a different style of rice recipe to have more and more on day to day basis.... Chicken Badham Korma... Chicken Badham Korma Biryani is delicious biryani recipe with a perfect blend of spices and richness of almonds.... Paneer Recipes Paneer is the most common South Asian and Persian cheese. It is an unaged, acid-set, non-melting farmer cheese made by curdling heated milk with lemon juice or other food acid... Biryani and Rice Recipes Biryanis made with brown basmati rice and are a specialty as one need to adjust the spices and condiments with meats or vegetable to perfection. Nothing less is acceptable and easily written off as not to the mark... Egg Recipes Eggs are the most cheaply available foods which are also a fast to cook dish. Eggs are naturally produced food containing many essential nutrients in a balanced diet for adults and children. Egg is an excellent source of protein... Indian Sweet Recipes Indian sweets or Mithai, are a type of confectionery that rely heavily on sugar, milk, flour and condensed milk, and cooked by frying, however the bases of the sweets vary by region. In the Eastern part of India for example, milk... Snacks and Appetizers Diversity is one of the characteristics that best describe India. India is relatively a large country, and every state has many different languages, dialects, unique traditions, and most importantly, Indian recipes... Indian tiffins Breakfast is also known as tiffin or nashta in various region of India. Breakfast or tiffin is definitely an essential meal particularly when you're on the health plan or weight loss plan. A fantas... Chutney and Pickles Pickles and dipping often referred as Achar and Chutneys is a spicy preparation and one of the most important accompaniments for the main dish. In South India pickles are considered more of a ritual to start a meal with and... Chicken Recipes Indian cuisine is popularly known for its spicy and tangy taste. Indian curries and gravies are a treat and appealing to International palate. Chicken ( White meat ) recipes form a vital part of the Indian non vegetarian cuisine... Mutton and Lamb Normally Mutton and Lamb recipes are a treat to any Non vegetarian food lover. From basic roasted leg of lamb to exotic dishes, the cooking options multiply. Mutton and lamb could be cooked in many ways region wise... Indo-Chinese Recipes Indo Chinese cuisine is the adaptation of Chinese seasoning and cooking according to Indian tastes. The cuisine originated from the small Chinese community that lived in Kolkata for over a century... Healthy Recipes Most Indian foods that are freshly cooked with fat free oil and less ghee are healthier. Indian foods have a wide variety of items that are nutritious, healthy and a well balanced meal. Such exotic and enriching menus are passed... Curry Recipes Indian curries recipes, Chicken curry recipes In India curry is a generic description to South Indian dish with gravy or sauce. In most South Indian cuisines, a curry is considered a side-dish, which can be eaten along with a main... Indian Bread Recipes North India is one of the major producers of Wheat. As wheat being the staple food, Chapati, Phulka, Roti,Naan, Paratha, Kulcha are various types of Indian Breads prepared region wise and are popularly known... Indian Drinks Recipes Indian drink or Indian beverage is a popular part of the Indian cuisine and has an array of drinks that are both unique and refreshing. According to Indian ethnic culture, drinking Alcohol was considered bad hence there were only few local alcoholic... Chaat Recipes “Chaat” — an assorted savory snacks typically served at every road side tracks from big outlets to small carts in India, Pakistan and rest of South Asia. Initially, Chaats were known as the street food in cities like Mumbai, Hyderabad, Delhi... Low Fat Recipes To stay healthy and fit it’s required that a low fat diet is maintained. Indian cuisine is aromatic, warm and loaded with healthy spices and ingredients. This can be controlled by avoiding loads of fat, butter, oil and cream... Indian Sea Food Seafood is any type of sea life considered to be foodstuff by humans. Seafood prominently involves fish and shellfish. seafood items represent one of the most important foods in almost all sorts of... Easy recipes India is the paradise for food, boasting of not one or two but about as many cuisines as the number of communities. Food of India can be categorized into North Indian and South Indian for the purpose of simplicity... Egg less Recipes India is called the paradise for food, cultural heritage and diversity. Hence we can take the pride to boast of our varied cuisines categorically. Every State in India has its own traditional culinary variation and has its own uniqueness... Dinner Recipes India is the paradise for food, boasting of not one or two but about as many cuisines as the number of communities. Food of India can be categorized into North Indian and South Indian for the purpose of simplicity... Manchurian Recipes Recipes from other countries like China and Thailand have made a vast change to create Indo-Chinese fusion cuisine. Indo-Chinese foods are hot favorites liked by one and all. Our Chinese recipes contain recipes of... Dal Recipes Dal — One of the popular pulses commonly prepared in every house of South Asian countries. Dal can also be spelled in many ways like the “Dahl”, “Daal”, “Dhal”, or the “Parippu”, “Paruppu” and “Pappu” because of the wide cultural heritage... Dessert Recipes Indian Desserts and Sweets are always an integral part of Indian delicacies, mainly milk based Desserts carry a predominant place in the Indian cuisine. There is an astonishing variety of Indian Desserts and sweets region wise and have their own... Soups and Salads Indian soups and salads, the possibilities are endless. Soups and salads are considered as health foods as they make use of a wide variety of vegetables and fruits and can be eaten for a side dish or make it bigger bowl and good for a full meal... Browse Recipes Easy recipes Healthy Recipes Dessert Recipes Mutton and Lamb Recipes Indian Bread Recipes Dal Recipes Chutney and Pickles Recipes Indo-Chinese Recipes Snacks and Appetizers Low Fat Recipes Chaat Recipes Biryani and Rice Recipes Curry Recipes Indian Sweet Recipes Egg Recipes Paneer Recipes Chicken Recipes Indian tiffins Egg less Recipes Soups and Salads Indian Sea Food Manchurian Recipes Indian Drinks Recipes Dinner Recipes Support Contact Us About Us Ask Vahchef Post Recipes Glossary Be the first to know about Our Recipes and Foods: Subscribe to Newsletter Subscribe Modal × Please check captcha to confirm subscription Name Email Cancel Confirm Site Map Privacy Policy Articles All Recipes