Kiel Institute - Understanding and Shaping Globalization | Kiel Institute Go to main content. Go to search. For Media EN / DE IFW-Logo IFW-Logo Menu show Menu Searchterm search Close Menu back Topics War against Ukraine Overview Page Ukraine Support Tracker International Trade Overview Page Kiel Trade Indicator Economic Outlook Africa Climate and Energy Tension within the European Union Economic Policy in Germany All Topics Experts Publications Institute About the Kiel Institute Overview Page Organization History Club of Economic Science Partners & Networks Support us Research Centers Overview Page Business Cycles and Growth Global Commons and Climate Policy Global Cooperation and Social Cohesion Innovation and International Competition International Development International Finance and Macroeconomics International Trade and Investment Trade Policy Initiatives Overview Page Africa Initiative China Initiative Geopolitics and Economics Kiel Centre for Globalization Career Overview Page Job Vacancies Equal Opportunity Advanced Studies Program Overview Page Structure of our PhD program Why choose our program? Outstanding professors How to apply Team & Contact Events Overview Page International Business Cycle Forum Forum on Globalization and Industrialization Global Solutions Summit Conferences Prizes and Awards Seminars & Workshops For Media EN / DE Twitter linkedin Facebook youtube Xing Searchterm search Ukraine Support TrackerTwo years ago, Russia invaded Ukraine—shortly thereafter the Kiel Institute began tracking financial, humanitarian and military aid for the country and has been doing so ever since._______________________________________________________________________Go to Ukraine Support Tracker News © Friedrich Magnussen, CC-BY-SA 3.0 DE Deed News 110 Years Kiel Institute - Honoring Gerhard Colm 29.02.2024 The Kiel Institute traditionally celebrates its birthday around February 20. This year, in addition to the actual anniversary of the Institute, the focus is on the anniversary of the first Bernhard Harms Prize: © Press Service Of The President Of Ukraine News Europe has a long way to go to replace US aid - large gap between commitments and allocations 16.02.2024 The Team of the Ukraine Support Tracker introduces a new measure to track foreign government aid to Ukraine – government “allocations”. The data show that total European aid has long overtaken U.S. aid - not only in terms of commitments, but also in terms of specific aid allocations sent to Ukraine. In addition, the approval of the EU's Ukraine Support Facility guarantees further financial assistance. However, the gap between EU commitments and allocations remains very large (€144 billion committed vs. €77 billion allocated). To fully replace U.S. military assistance in 2024, Europe would have to double its current level and pace of arms assistance. These are results from the latest Ukraine Support Tracker update, which now covers aid through January 15, 2024. © Adobe Stock | misu News Economic Fallout: The Price of War 14.02.2024 What are the economic costs of wars, how are they composed, and who bears them? A new study by the Kiel Institute, based on data from more than 150 wars since 1870, shows that the costs are highest for the country in which the war takes place. Buildings, machinery, and infrastructure are destroyed, and growth slows for several years. Yet, war neighbors also pay much of the cost of war as they suffer from higher inflation and decreased output growth. Experience from past wars suggests that Ukraine will lose about USD 120 billion in economic output (GDP) and almost USD 1 trillion in capital stock by 2026. Non-belligerent third countries are expected to face output losses of about USD 250 billion, USD 70 billion of which are borne by the European Union alone. All News Frequently Requested Experts Prof. Dr. Moritz Schularick Economic & Financial Crises, Financial Markets, Globalization, … Dr. Katrin Kamin Globalization, International Trade Dr. Wan-Hsin Liu China, Foreign Direct Investments, Innovation Prof. Dr. Christoph Trebesch Economic & Financial Crises, Fiscal Policy & National Budgets, International Finance Prof. Dr. Sonja Peterson Climate, Natural Resources, Sustainable Development Prof. Dr. Stefan Kooths Business Cycle, Economic & Financial Crises, European Union & Euro, … Prof. Dr. Tobias Heidland Africa, Emerging Markets & Developing Countries, Globalization, … Prof. Holger Görg, Ph.D. Companies, Foreign Direct Investments, Globalization, … Prof. Dr. Wilfried Rickels Climate, Natural Resources Dr. Klaus-Jürgen Gern Business Cycle World, Fiscal Policy & National Budgets Prof. Dr. Jens Boysen-Hogrefe Business Cycle, Fiscal Policy & National Budgets, Tax Policy Prof. Dr. Dirk Dohse China, Digitalization, Growth, … All Experts Data © Kiel Institute Ukraine Support TrackerThe commitments of other countries to support Ukraine. A database of military, financial and humanitarian Aid.Open Tracker Source: Kiel Institute Kiel Trade IndicatorOur indicator estimates the trade flows of 75 countries and regions worldwide, as well as world trade as a whole.Open Trade Indicator © Carto | Open Street Map Contributors Africa MonitorThe Africa Monitor is an interactive platform that tracks leading economic indicators for 55 African economies.Open Africa Monitor Subject Dossiers © Fotolia | donvictori0 International Trade Analyses, simulations and commentaries on all issues related to international trade and trade policy. Among other these are the impact of tariffs and trade barriers, the importance of international supply chains, the role of the WTO, or the effects of sanctions. © xieyuliang – iStockphoto Economic Outlook Our most recent forecasts for Germany, the Euro Area and the World Economy as well as current commentary on economic and macroeconomic issues for various economic areas. © Stefano Paltera/U.S. Department of Energy Solar Decathlon CC BY-ND 2.0 Climate and Energy A stop to climate change and a move away from fossil fuels will lead to profound changes in society and the lifestyles of many people. This dossier bundels analyses and research results on the effectiveness and social consequences of current climate and energy policy. show all Subject Dossiers Events 14 Mar 2024 Global China Conversations #29 Challenges in China's financial system: consequences for Germany and the world? What risks does the dependence on China entail for Germany and how can they be prevented? What benefits are lost if we reduce our ties with China? What are the geopolitical implications of the current challenges in the Chinese financial system? 08 - 12 Apr 2024 Advanced Studies Program Monetary Policy: Theory and Practice – Volker Wieland 09 Apr 2024 Research Seminar Presentation by Volker Wieland Kiel 23 Apr 2024 Research Seminar Labor Market Tightness and Union Activity – Patrick Nüß Kiel show all Events Research Centers at a GlanceIn eight research centers and other cross-cutting initiatives, our scientists investigate the drivers and effects of international economic activity.Research Centers & Initiatives Latest Research incl. forthcoming filter Journal Article Interest rates and the spatial polarization of housing markets American Economic Review: Insights forthcoming Francisco Amaral, Martin Dohmen, Sebastian Kohl, … Journal Article Which Individual-Level Factors Explain Public Attitudes Toward Immigration? A Meta-Analysis Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies forthcoming Lenka Dražanová, Jérôme Gonnot, Tobias Heidland, … Journal Article Economic Zones and Local Income Inequality: Evidence from Indonesia The Journal of Economic Inequality forthcoming Cecília Hornok, Sidan Raeskyesa Journal Article Did Merkel’s 2015 decision attract more migration to Germany? European Journal of Political Research forthcoming Jasper Tjaden, Tobias Heidland show more Kiel Institute in the News Kiel Institute in the News France way behind Germany on military aid to Ukraine, data show POLITICO 02/2024 Kiel Institute in the News New Aid to Ukraine Drops to Lowest Level Since War Began Bloomberg 12/2023 Kiel Institute in the News To beat populists, sensible policymakers must up their game The Economist 10/2023 Kiel Institute in the News Sans gaz russe, l'industrie a rapidement trouvé des substituts Le Monde 10/2023 show more Selected Publication Series Kiel Institute Economic Outlook Kiel Policy Brief Kiel Focus Review of World Economics Kiel Working Papers To Top Connect Experts Job Vacancies Media Our Topics Subject dossiers compile selected publications and articles by our experts on current economic policy topics as well as related projects and events.Overview Subject Dossiers Overview About the Kiel Institute Research Centers Publications Events Kiel Institute for the World Economy Kiellinie 66 | 24105 Kiel Give us a call T +49 431 8814-1 Send us an e-mail E info@ifw-kiel.de Twitter linkedin Facebook youtube Xing Logo of the Leibniz Association Legal Notice Privacy eAccessibility Cookie Settings About Cookies This site uses cookies for basic functionality and to improve content by analyzing anonymous user data. You can withdraw your consent at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Statement and Legal Notice. Mandatory These cookies are needed for a smooth operation of our website. CookieConsent Purpose Saves your consent to using cookies. Lifetime 1 year Type HTML Provider Website fe_typo_user Purpose Assigns your browser to a session on the server. Lifetime session Type HTTP Provider Website Mandatory Usage statistics These cookies help us improve our website by anonymously analyzing the use of our web pages. This allows us to improve the content of our website. _pk_id Purpose Used to store a few details about the user such as the unique visitor ID. Lifetime 13 months Type HTML Provider Matomo _pk_ref Purpose Used to store the attribution information, the referrer initially used to visit the website. Lifetime 6 months Type HTML Provider Matomo _pk_ses Purpose Short lived cookie used to temporarily store data for the visit. Lifetime 30 minutes Type HTML Provider Matomo _pk_cvar Purpose Short lived cookie used to temporarily store data for the visit. Lifetime 30 minutes Type HTML Provider Matomo _pk_hsr Purpose Short lived cookie used to temporarily store data for the visit. Lifetime 30 minutes Type HTML Provider Matomo Usage statistics External content These cookies aim to improve our users' experience by allowing video and other useful content, such as maps. GoogleMaps Purpose Is used to connect to Google Maps and to display those maps. Lifetime none Type Connection Provider Google YouTube Purpose Is used to connect to YouTube and to display videos. Lifetime none Type Connection Provider YouTube External content Save Deny all cookies Accept all cookies Privacy Statement Legal Notice