Microsoft account Consent to our terms To create a Microsoft account, you'll need to select Learn more for each privacy term listed to understand how Microsoft will interact with your personal data. Collect and use your personal data. Learn more Share your personal data with additional parties to allow us to provide services to you. Learn more Personal data export consent When you use this product and the other products and services (“products”) listed in the Learn more, personal data required to provide and operate the products securely is transferred outside of China. Some products allow you to send additional optional data, which will also be sent outside of China if you choose to send it. The data is encrypted in transit. Data stored locally on your device is not transferred unless you take affirmative action to transfer it, such as storing it with an overseas cloud provider. If you do not agree with the transfer of data required to deliver this product or the other products listed in the Learn more, you can choose to “decline and exit” below. Refer to the Terms of Use for your product for refund eligibility. For information on returning a product to the Microsoft Store, visit https://aka.ms/refund. Microsoft will process and transfer your data in accordance with the Microsoft Privacy Statement. Additional information about the transfer of data outside of China and how to contact Microsoft can be found here: Learn more. Enter the password you would like to use with your account. Your Caps Lock key is enabled. Available: Use another account Create the account anyway Create account If you recently got this phone number and don't have an account with us, continue to sign up. We didn't find a Microsoft account associated with the email on your Mojang account. Let's create one now. Use another account Your Caps Lock key is enabled. Use another account I would like information, tips, and offers about Microsoft products and services. I would like information, tips, and offers about Microsoft products and services. A child account enables you to enforce parental controls and impose usage limits for this device for reasons of privacy and safety. You can manage these settings using our Family Safety app. Learn more at https://aka.ms/family-safety-app Try another verification method That verification method isn't working right now. Please try another method. Learn more Account creation has been blocked We have detected some unusual activity and have blocked the creation of a Microsoft account. Learn more You already have an account Add security info Your security info helps protect your account. We'll use this to help you recover your password, help keep hackers out of your account, and get in if you get blocked. We won't use it for spam. Add email Add phone number You're going to need a parent for this Because you're upgrading to a new account, we need to make sure that your parent helps you set it up correctly. Please wait Please wait Please wait Please wait Terms of Use Privacy & Cookies i6209