Santa Fe New Mexican homepage | Santa Fe New Mexico daily news, sports, arts & culture news Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local News Adventure Business Corrections Education Elections Health & Science Legislature Nation & World Weather Sports High School Lobos Subscribe Opinion Pasatiempo Art Books Calendar Columns Movies Music Performance Restaurants Obituaries Multimedia Photos & Video Podcasts Life Submit announcements Taste Teen Celebrations Classifieds Animals Announcements & Notices Automotive Finance Garage Sales Legal Notices Obituaries Place an Ad Real Estate Recreational Rentals Service Directory Real Estate Featured Listings Home Magazine Home Jobs Career opportunities at The New Mexican Legals 54° | e-Edition | App | Archive | Advertise | Calendar | News Tips | Contact | Help | Print Menu Search Subscribe Site search Search Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local News Adventure Business Corrections Education Elections Health & Science Legislature Nation & World Weather Sports High School Lobos Subscribe Opinion Pasatiempo Art Books Calendar Columns Movies Music Performance Restaurants Obituaries Multimedia Photos & Video Podcasts Life Submit announcements Taste Teen Celebrations Classifieds Animals Announcements & Notices Automotive Finance Garage Sales Legal Notices Obituaries Place an Ad Real Estate Recreational Rentals Service Directory Real Estate Featured Listings Home Magazine Home Jobs Career opportunities at The New Mexican Legals Governor signs gun safety bills at Albuquerque news conference The bills include one that would prohibit anyone from openly carrying a firearm within 100 feet of a polling site. Arms supplier said he checked all dummy rounds Proposed Kroger, Albertsons merger worries store workers Official: House a `complete loss' after Madrid fire Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him Ringside Seat Gabriel's fairy tale: Fellow politicians ousted him Tenants from shuttered Española apartment complex sue city and former landlord Albuquerque nuclear museum pays homage to da Vinci's inventions SPORTS Capital boys squeak into 5A state tournament; five other city teams make field +3 City of Santa Fe remembers those lost to COVID-19 As of the end of February, 9,006 people had died from COVID-19 in New Mexico, according to data from the CDC. +10 The battle of Glorieta Pass: Little noticed and all-important +4 Four key players at Glorieta Pass +8 Photo series The way we were: Scenes from San Francisco Street +3 Feds and others are mostly mum on future of Kit Carson obelisk +5 Household wells likely contaminated for decades lead to costs, concerns +6 Officials seek best way to tackle 'forever chemicals' in communities near Santa Fe 'Conversations Different': James Barron on New Mexico's passion for prep basketball The New MexicanUpdated 1 hr ago Longtime Santa Fe New Mexican sports reporter James Barron joins "Conversations Different" to discuss what makes New Mexicans go crazy for high school basketball, especially in the north. He touches on how a lack of size for most teams has resulted in an emphasis on the fundamentals while al… Official: House a `complete loss' after Madrid fire By Nicholas Gilmore ngilmore@sfnewmexican.com Updated 1 hr ago Blaze on Kemp Road did not threaten other structures, county spokeswoman said. The state Fire Marshal's Office will investigate the cause. Governor signs gun safety bills at Albuquerque news conference By Robert Nott rnott@sfnewmexican.com Updated 1 hr ago The bills include one that would prohibit anyone from openly carrying a firearm within 100 feet of a polling site. Arms supplier said he checked all dummy rounds By Phaedra Haywood phaywood@sfnewmexican.com Updated 36 mins ago Seth Kenney said some of the rounds `didn't sound safe,' and examined them. Ringside Seat Gabriel's fairy tale: Fellow politicians ousted him By Milan Simonich Updated 9 hrs ago Gabriel Ramos, again a candidate for the state Senate, is delivering the least humorous, most hysterical pronouncements of the young campaign season. +8 Photo series The way we were: Scenes from San Francisco Street The New MexicanUpdated 9 hrs ago We dive into the Palace of the Governors Photo Archives and the files of The New Mexican to share moments of life in the City Different over the past 175 years. +4 Four key players at Glorieta Pass By Nathan Brown nbrown@sfnewmexican.com Updated 8 hrs ago Stories of the key players in Glorieta Pass battle in 1862 may forever be mingled. +10 The battle of Glorieta Pass: Little noticed and all-important By Robert Nott and Nathan Brown rnott@sfnewmexican.com nbrown@sfnewmexican.comUpdated 1 hr ago It was a key, if undervalued, battle in the Civil War, and took place only 20 miles from Santa Fe. But a fire at a newspaper office destroyed records of `The New Mexican's' coverage at the moment. +2 Proposed Kroger, Albertsons merger worries store workers By Matthew Narvaiz mnarvaiz@sfnewmexican.com Updated 9 hrs ago National supermarket giants' proposed deal — one being fought at the state and national levels — creates concerns for local workers. For the birds Western bluebirds By Ken Bunkowski For The New MexicanUpdated 17 hrs ago My favorite time of the year has arrived. I am now checking weekly to see if there is any activity at our bluebird nesting box. The box is clean and ready for immediate occupancy. Our nest box is in the sun and faces southeast. It is on a steel pole, five feet high with a predator guard to k… NEW PODCAST EPISODE Recent Galleries +8 Photo series The way we were: Scenes from San Francisco Street The way we were: Scenes from San Francisco Street +24 Gallery: Thirty-Day Legislative Session 2024 Gallery: Thirty-Day Legislative Session 2024 +9 Gallery: Turquoise Teapot and Cat Cafe Gallery: Turquoise Teapot and Cat Cafe Sports Capital boys squeak into 5A state tournament; five other city teams make field Santa Fe-area girls prep teams fill up lower levels of state tournament as big schools shut out Chris Mortensen, an award-winning reporter who covered the NFL, dies at 72 Eckroat leads by stroke over van Rooyen, after rain sends Cognizant Classic to a Monday finish Iowa's Caitlin Clark breaks Pete Maravich's NCAA Division I scoring record Pasatiempo Performance Tri-M's latest production brings Stephen Sondheim's lyrics to life Performance To be, 'Or,' not to be a modern classic Q&A A life in words Performance Grupo Corpo captures the essence of Brazil through music and movement Editor's Note Let spring fever take you out of your comfort zone Art Books Movies Opera Restaurants Newsletter sign up Stay up to date on the latest news and the local entertainment scene by subscribing to The New Mexican's email lists. Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Morning Headlines Receive a list of headlines from the latest edition of The New Mexican in your inbox every morning. Pasatiempo Newsletter Get the highlights from Santa Fe's weekly magazine of arts, entertainment and culture each Friday. Offers and Promos Contests and special offers from The Santa Fe New Mexican and advertising partners. You must select at least one email list. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists Business Proposed Kroger, Albertsons merger worries store workers Two Santa Fe startups receive matching grants from state J.Crew Factory to open Santa Fe store next to Trader Joe’s Casa Bonita opens in former Second Street Brewery space Business people, March 5, 2024 Adventure For the birds Western bluebirds Commentary Finding perspective on travel, family and circumstance Challenging Santa Fe Snowshoe Classic tests all types of competitors Eagle eyes spot America's symbol during annual Abiquiú Lake survey Vibrant people fill New Mexico's outdoors scene with inspiring stories Nation & World Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him Key Northern California highway closed as snow continues to fall in the blizzard-hit Sierra Nevada Hundreds of inmates flee after armed gangs storm Haiti's main prison, leaving bodies behind Rival of Netanyahu visits US, signaling wider cracks in Israel’s wartime leadership In Hawaii, coral is the foundation of life. What happened to it after the Lahaina wildfire? Education Jaime Chavez named new Santa Fe High principal Smartboard March 4, 2024 Santa Fe Community College faculty pushes board for higher wages Santa Fe read-a-thon pushing kids and adults to read over spring break Smartboard Feb. 26, 2024 Taste High Desert Table Roasted root vegetables make for hearty dish Baking Above It All Almond apricot tart is subject of long love affair High Desert Table A quicker pickle with poblanos and carrots, or anything you desire Baking Above It All Cookies worth savoring High Desert Table Braised brisket takes taco night over the top Generation Next Get prepped as college testing season approaches The never-ending 'reading wars' My View Elizabeth Nickell The Club at Santa Fe Place mall has something for every teen Campus Correspondence Life in the Mile High City Advertisement OPINION Our View Lujan Grisham's stinging words frame a tough challenge for Webber Webber — and his administration — must start executing at the rudimentary basics of government. Letters to the Editor My View: Reader Op-ed Contribute to Opinion Page Local Columns COLUMNISTS & BLOGS Holy Trinity of Finance Financial ignorance is not bliss Ringside Seat Gabriel's fairy tale: Fellow politicians ousted him Building Santa Fe New Mexico is ahead on energy efficiency codes Ringside Seat Mayor had assist from governor in wrecking monument Upcoming events Powered by Red Zia Events MOST POPULAR Articles Images Videos ArticlesGovernor: City of Santa Fe has 'obvious leadership problem'Four charged after man shot, beaten while held in Chimayó houseAlbuquerque real estate titan buys Santa Fe office complexSanta Fe man dies in crash near Los AlamosMayor had assist from governor in wrecking monumentMayor says in deposition he received advice from Lujan Grisham on controversial monuments'Rust' armorer's trial gets combustible with emotional testimony, firearms expertsJaime Chavez named new Santa Fe High principalWhite Rock named 'crowning jewel' of happiness in new travel blogArt helping former N.M. politician Tom Udall, wife adjust to new setting Images VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. ‘The New Mexican’s’ 175 Years of Service series The Santa Fe New Mexican observes its 175th anniversary with a series highlighting some of the major stories and figures that have appeared in the paper's pages through its history. THE eNEWMEXICAN Subscribe to read The New Mexican online just like in print. Already a subscriber? Log in. Previous Next SUBSCRIBE Sections Santa Fe New Mexican homepage News Sports Opinion Pasatiempo Magazines Life Multimedia Commenting FAQ Services Place Classified Ad Subscription Services Submission Forms Featured Ads Commercial Printing Ad Rates Work at The New Mexican Contact Information santafenewmexican.com P.O. Box 2048 Santa Fe, NM 87504-2048 Phone: 505-983-3303 Email: webeditor@sfnewmexican.com Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Copyright © The Santa Fe New Mexican | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe Special Offers & Promotions Subscribe