Matplotlib — Visualization with Python Skip to main content Ctrl+K Plot types User guide Tutorials Examples Reference Contribute Releases Gitter Discourse GitHub Twitter Plot types User guide Tutorials Examples Reference Contribute Releases Gitter Discourse GitHub Twitter Matplotlib: Visualization with Python Matplotlib is a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python. Matplotlib makes easy things easy and hard things possible. Create publication quality plots. Make interactive figures that can zoom, pan, update. Customize visual style and layout. Export to many file formats. Embed in JupyterLab and Graphical User Interfaces. Use a rich array of third-party packages built on Matplotlib. Try Matplotlib (on Binder) Getting Started Examples Reference Cheat Sheets Documentation News# Sept 15, 2023 Successful GSOC 2023 Thanks to Ratnabali Dutta's successful completion of GSOC, we have a number of Mathtext improvements. May 30, 2023 Ratnabali Dutta chosen as GSOC contributor Thanks to the Google Summer of Code (GSOC) program, Ratnabali Dutta joins us this summer to work on improving our mathematical typesetting module MathTex. May 18, 2023 Eva Sibinga hired as GSOD Technical Writer Thanks to funding from the Google Season of Docs (GSOD) program, Eva Sibinga will be joining us to work on cataloguing our gallery. May 5, 2023 Fostering an Inclusive Culture: Call for Participation How can we be better when it comes to diversity and inclusion? Older Announcements Resources# Be sure to check the Users guide and the API docs. The full text search is a good way to discover the docs including the many examples. Join our community at discourse.matplotlib.org to get help, share your work, and discuss contributing & development. Check out the Matplotlib tag on StackOverflow. Meet us at our monthly call for new contributors to the Matplotlib project. Subscribe to our community calendar at Scientific Python to get access to all our community meetings. Short questions related to contributing to Matplotlib may be posted on the gitter channel. Domain Specific Tools# A large number of third party packages extend and build on Matplotlib functionality, including several higher-level plotting interfaces (seaborn, HoloViews, ggplot, ...), and a projection and mapping toolkit (Cartopy). More Domain-Specific Tools seaborn Cartopy DNA Features Viewer plotnine WCS Axes seaborn seaborn is a high level interface for drawing statistical graphics with Matplotlib. It aims to make visualization a central part of exploring and understanding complex datasets. statistical data visualization Cartopy Cartopy is a Python package designed for geospatial data processing in order to produce maps and other geospatial data analyses. Cartopy DNA Features Viewer DNA Features Viewer is a Python library to visualize DNA features, e.g. from GenBank or Gff files, or Biopython SeqRecords. DNA Features Viewer plotnine plotnine is an implementation of a grammar of graphics in Python. The grammar allows users to compose plots by explicitly mapping data to the visual objects that make up the plot. plotnine WCSAxes WCSAxes is a framework for making plots of Astronomical data in Matplotlib. WCSAxes Support Matplotlib# Contribute Matplotlib is a community project maintained for and by its users You can help by answering questions on discourse, reporting a bug or requesting a feature on GitHub, or improving the documentation and code! Join us on Discourse Join us on GitHub Cite Matplotlib is the result of development efforts by John Hunter (1968–2012) and the project's many contributors. If Matplotlib contributes to a project that leads to a scientific publication, please acknowledge this work by citing the project! Ready made citation Donate If you would like to support Matplotlib financially you can donate by sponsoring Matplotlib on GitHub or making a (USA) tax-deductible donation through NumFOCUS. Sponsor on GitHub Donate to Matplotlib Matplotlib Donate to Matplotlib © 2012 – 2023 The Matplotlib development team Matplotblog Code of Conduct License Governance NumFOCUS Fiscally Sponsored Project Latest Stable Release docs | changelog Development version docs