The Huntington Skip to main content The Huntington open search Main navigation Visit Plan Your Visit Group Visits Dining Store What's On Exhibitions Event Calendar Botanical Gardens Collections & Research Library Art Museum Botanical Gardens Research & Fellowships Centers & Institutes Learn & Explore Educators Families Watch, Read, Listen Programs Join & Give Join Donate Now Other Ways to Give Volunteer Donors Make a Difference Closed Today Top Navigation Buy Tickets Members Tickets Donate Store About Menu Welcome to The Huntington Plan Your Visit Library Art Museum Botanical Gardens Library One of the world's great research libraries with 12 million items spanning the 11th to 21st centuries, with works on display in the Library exhibition halls Explore Art Museum British, European, American, and Asian art including more than 45,000 world-renowned examples of decorative arts, paintings, prints and drawings, photography, and sculpture Explore Botanical Gardens Encompassing approximately 130 acres, the Botanical Gardens contain more than a dozen spectacular themed gardens with some 83,000 living plants including rare and endangered species Explore Explore the gardens and galleries, conduct research, and learn from the collections. Plan Your Visit Closed Today Admission Info and Tickets 1151 Oxford Road San Marino, CA 91108 What's On Calendar Exhibition Paintings in Print Oct. 7, 2023–May 27, 2024 Read more Exhibition Betye Saar: Drifting Toward Twilight Nov. 11, 2023–Nov. 30, 2025 Read more Exhibition Art for the People: WPA-Era Paintings from the Dijkstra Collection Dec. 2, 2023–March 18, 2024 Read more Event Now Blooming: Aloes Jan. 15, 2024–March 12, 2024 Read more Event Now Blooming: Flowering Fruit Trees Jan. 15, 2024–March 19, 2024 Read more Event Now Blooming: Camellias Jan. 15, 2024–March 19, 2024 Read more Event Now Blooming: Magnolias Jan. 22, 2024–March 12, 2024 Read more Exhibition Sargent Claude Johnson Feb. 17, 2024–May 20, 2024 Read more Event K-12 Educators Virtual Office Hours Tue., March 5, 2024 Read more Event Painting The Huntington - Wednesday Series Wed., March 6, 2024 Read more Five Great Native Plants California natives add a regional flair to gardens and also support local wildlife; many birds and pollinators prefer native plants, and some depend exclusively on them. Native plants fit a variety of garden niches, from spectacular specimen trees to ground covers, vines, and colorful annuals. Read More California is home to more than 125 species of buckwheat (Eriogonum), many of which flourish in cultivation, adding beauty and attracting wildlife to gardens. | Photo by Sandy Masuo. Realizing a Dream Deferred Message from President Karen R. Lawrence For more than 20 years, the issue of providing housing for The Huntington’s research fellows has been an ongoing topic of conversation: While we have been able to offer scholars prestigious long- and short-term fellowships, we have not been able to offer them places to stay. And that, it turns out, has kept some of them from accepting fellowships. Read More Reflecting on Black Artistic Influence in California During the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and ’60s, California was an important site of African American creativity, even in the face of intense discrimination. Black enclaves emerged as places where African American leaders, activists, writers, performers, and visual artists could build community and make professional connections. Read More Sargent Claude Johnson, Mother and Child, ca. 1932, chalk on paper, 37 5/8 × 26 5/8 in. (95.5 × 67.6 cm). Courtesy of San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Albert M. Bender Collection, gift of Albert M. Bender, 36.599. Photo by Don Ross. | © Estate of Sargent Claude Johnson. The Huntington Commissions Artist Mineo Mizuno for Monumental Outdoor Sculpture The Huntington has commissioned California-based Japanese American artist Mineo Mizuno to create a site-specific sculpture titled Homage to Nature. The monumental work, measuring approximately 16' x 12' x 13', will be installed in an area known as the Stroll Garden, just to the north of the Munger Research Center. Homage to Nature will be unveiled on May 25, 2024, and will remain on view for five years. More Mineo Mizuno. Image courtesy of the artist. Now Blooming in the Gardens Explore acres full of spectacular color and fragrance. Winter-flowering Magnolias, Camellias, and fruit trees—including flowering apricots and peaches—are in bloom now throughout the gardens. Bloom Info A Japanese Apricot blooming near the lake in the Chinese Garden. | The Huntington Library, Art Museum, and Botanical Gardens. Explore More Take a tour, watch videos, learn about the gardens, explore art, and more! Explore New Conservation Discoveries: Edward Hopper’s “The Long Leg” Interview with Octavia E. Butler Fellow Lois Rosson More Than Meets the Eye Hdoc: Books of Pictures & Pictures of Books Guns, Secession, and a Secret Message in a Spool Queering the Collections: A Tale of Two Libraries The Huntington Acquires Historic Portrait by Renowned Spanish Painter Goya Explore The Japanese Heritage Shōya House How Hockney Came to The Huntington Highlights from Why It Matters: Hilton Als in Conversation with Karen R. Lawren… Experience Tea in the Rose Garden Tea Room Host your special event at The Huntington Listen to the Sargent Claude Johnson Audio Tour JOIN & GIVE We need your support Your support helps keep The Huntington's mission of enrichment, education and stewardship alive for generations to come. Donate Become a Member Connect with Us TikTok Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Subscribe to our e-newsletter Footer Menu About Accessibility Land Acknowledgment Using the Library Careers Host an Event Volunteer Press Contact Us Filming/Photography The Huntington Opening Hours Daily: 10 a.m.–5 p.m. Closed on Tuesdays Admission Info & Tickets 1151 Oxford Road San Marino, CA 91108 Utility Menu Privacy Policy Social Media Guidelines and User Policy ©2024 The Huntington Library, Art Museum, and Botanical Gardens × Search QUICK LINKS Plan Your Visit Tickets Calendar About Membership