CustomerThink | Customer-Centric Business Editor’s Pick Engagement Digital Marketing Sales Performance Service and Support Social Business Experience Customer Journey Customer Loyalty Customer Strategy Omnichannel Personalization Voice of Customer Technology Contact Center Customer Analytics Leadership Chief Customer Officer Employee Engagement Innovation Performance Metrics Content Type Article Column Blog Interview Think Tank News Authors Top Authors Top Authors by Topic Advisors Author Directory Free CX E-Book Search About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise How to Contribute Join Log In Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create an account Create an account Welcome! Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. CustomerThink Editor’s Pick Engagement Digital Marketing Sales Performance Service and Support Social Business Experience Customer Journey Customer Loyalty Customer Strategy Omnichannel Personalization Voice of Customer Technology Contact Center Customer Analytics Leadership Chief Customer Officer Employee Engagement Innovation Performance Metrics Content Type Article Column Blog Interview Think Tank News Authors Top Authors Top Authors by Topic Advisors Author Directory Free CX E-Book Home Editor's Picks The Critical Role of Enterprise Data in Generative AI Seth Earley - February 6, 2024 Market Research is Key to Understanding Customers Like Never Before Emily Creek - February 6, 2024 Using customer journey orchestration to create memorable moments Greg Kihlstrom - February 6, 2024 Customer Experience ROI Handbook: What is CX ROI? Lynn Hunsaker - February 4, 2024 The Art of Storytelling and its Impact on Marketing Syed Balkhi - February 2, 2024 24 Ways 2024 Customer Experience is Smarter: CX Metrics (Part 2 of 4) Lynn Hunsaker - February 1, 2024 The Rise of Emotionally Intelligent Bots Michael Ringman - February 1, 2024 Navigating Customer Experience Maturity: The Road to Success Jim Tincher - February 1, 2024 Sales Process for the Anti-Sales Process Crowd Dave Kurlan - January 31, 2024 How AI will Impact CX in 2024 Ryan Tamminga - January 30, 2024 Thought Leadership Articles The Critical Role of Enterprise Data in Generative AI Seth Earley - February 6, 2024 Customer Experience ROI Handbook: What is CX ROI? Lynn Hunsaker - February 4, 2024 What is Customer Experience ROI? This is a question with a hundred different answers, inaccurately. It's not that complicated, but CX ROI advice is... The Importance of Context in Experience Design: Lessons from the Caribbean Dave Fish - January 28, 2024 "Waaaaahhhhhhahaaaa!!!", my wife screamed, her hands white-knuckled the side of the car seat. She was sitting shotgun in our tiny Suzuki rental when we came... How to Leverage Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) in the Enterprise: Organization Readiness Seth Earley - December 16, 2023 Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) uses the data of the enterprise as a source of truth, rather than relying on the knowledge embodied in a... 24 CX ROI Metrics for Your Chief Customer Officer Prosperity Playbook Lynn Hunsaker - November 22, 2023 Customers' prosperity is your path to prosperity. For your solutions serving their needs, their funding serves the needs of employees, partners, and investors. Inversely,... Think Tank Discussions Why You Need to Choose and Use Performance Metrics Carefully and Beware of . . . David Dodd - December 8, 2023 “You can’t manage what you can’t measure” is one of the most often-repeated maxims in the business world. What happens when the "number" becomes the goal? How Soon Will AI Replace Customer Service Agents? Mark Hillary - October 10, 2023 The One Thing Every Customer Experience Person Should STOP Doing Right Now Cassius Rhue - August 30, 2023 ChatGPT AI: What can possibly go wrong? Kristin Zhivago - May 22, 2023 Should Companies Take a Stand on Social Issues? Shaun Smith - May 8, 2023 CX leaders aren’t prepared for the chat revolution Daniel Rodriguez - April 7, 2023 Industry News ibex Launches Wave iX: The Next Evolution in AI-Powered Digital-First Customer Experience News Editor - January 30, 2024 Wave iX redefines customer engagement and employee empowerment—from consulting and solution design to execution and insights Genesys to Acquire Radarr Technologies, Unifying the Customer Experience Like Never Before News Editor - January 22, 2024 Precisely Launches PSYTE™ US Geodemographic Data, Enabling Businesses to Reach Their Ideal Audience News Editor - January 21, 2024 FlexMR Launches New AI-Coding Tool on InsightHub News Editor - January 16, 2024 MadCap Software Acquires Xyleme to Expand Suite of Intelligent Content Management Products News Editor - January 12, 2024 New Posts The Critical Role of Enterprise Data in Generative AI Seth Earley - February 6, 2024 Market Research is Key to Understanding Customers Like Never Before Emily Creek - February 6, 2024 Leverage Buyer Goals to Drive Breakthrough Marketing Results David Dodd - February 6, 2024 Using customer journey orchestration to create memorable moments Greg Kihlstrom - February 6, 2024 Unleashing Efficiency and Creativity: The Benefits of Low-Code/No-Code Development Mushahid Khatri - February 6, 2024 Popular PostsMost viewed posts published in last month 24 Ways 2024 Customer Experience is Smarter: CX Metrics (Part 2 of 4) How Implementing AI in CX Can Be the Good, Bad, and Ugly 6 Brands That Could Change Loyalty & CX Trends In 2024 24 Ways 2024 Customer Experience is Smarter: CX Value (Part 1) The Customer Loyalty Flywheel 5 Ways to Maximize Market Research in 2024 to Nurture Customer Connections Beyond Wi-Fi: How cellular meets in-store connectivity demands of customers and digitally transformed retailers What’s Your Insights Utilization Rate? 24 Ways to Boost 2024 CX ROI 5 Useful Tips to Improving Customer Focus The Importance of Context in Experience Design: Lessons from the Caribbean Most Popular Authors of 2023 Lynn Hunsaker Amit Dua Ricardo Saltz Gulko Alastar Kerpel Annette Franz Thomas Wieberneit Philip Piletic Dave Fish Oliver Baker Nikunj Gundaniya See all ranked authors » Recent CommentsDave Fish on Navigating Customer Survey Program Costs: The Ultimate GuideRicardo Saltz Gulko on Evolving Conversational AI for Enhanced Customer Experiences: Navigating Ethics, Privacy, Metrics and TrustPaul Strauss on Evolving Conversational AI for Enhanced Customer Experiences: Navigating Ethics, Privacy, Metrics and TrustPiyush Gupta on What makes your customers fall in love with your brand?Graham Hill on What makes your customers fall in love with your brand? MarketPlace Featured Listings Leader's Guide to Contact Center Excellence Plan smarter with this ultimate guide to contact center management and technology. Learn how to reduce agent turnover, win talent, and tap into emerging tech trends. Don't miss: 6 talent and ops strategies. Customer Success: The North Star for CX Leaders CustomerThink research finds just 25% of Customer Experience (CX) initiatives can show business value. Explore how Customer Success can be used as a "North Star" to create value for your customers and improve CX ROI. Hooked On Customers: The Five Habits of Legendary Customer-Centric Companies CustomerThink founder and author Bob Thompson reveals the five organizational habits of successful customer-centric businesses. ABOUT US CustomerThink is the world's largest online community dedicated to customer-centric business strategy. Join us, and you'll immediately receive the e-book The Top 5 Practices of Customer Experience Winners. Contact us: [email protected] About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise How to Contribute Join Log In © 1998-2024 CustomerThink