visitPA | #visitPA Skip to main content High-Contrast Search VisitPA.com Search VisitPA.com Search visitPA.com × menu navigation Outdoor Adventures Skiing Snowshoeing Winter Waterfalls Cabins, Cottages and Yurts View All Experiences City Life Shopping Holiday Lights Museums Casinos and Horse Racing View All Experiences Foodie Fun Baked: a Bread Trail Distilleries Craft Breweries Chopped: A Charcuterie Trail View All Experiences Historical Pursuits Factory Tours Bed & Breakfast Spas and Resorts Enchanting Main Streets View All Experiences Regions Trip Ideas Trips and Trails Event Calendar Shop Deals Travel Guide Newsletter Search visitPA.com × Open Search Filters Image Plan Your Trip PA powder was meant to be shred. Find all the unique and unconventional PA experiences to make your winter one to remember. Outdoor Adventures Lead your pack to an unbelievable PA adventure. Explore Our Outdoors Image Need a lift? Enjoy some natural beauty and fresh air. Get your steps in on the AT, or check out another one of PA's nearly 300 trails. Hit the Slopes City Life Get the warm fuzzies in a cozy PA city. Explore Our Cities Image PA theater takes center stage. We've taken a moment to spotlight some of our beautiful PA theaters. Find a show that speaks to you today! Find a Theater Get Inspired View All Articles Foodie Fun Enjoy the buzz of a PA brewery. Explore Our Food Image Go gaga for PA grain. Think the best thing since sliced bread is more bread? We've got the perfect adventure for you! Hit the trail with some fellow grain geeks. Hit The Bread Trail Historical Pursuits Enjoy the beauty of PA's historical sites. Explore Our History Image Snuggle up in a PA Bed and Breakfast. Looking for strategic ways to spend fall days? Rally the troops and hit a PA battlefield or fort. Find a Bed & Breakfast Happiness sent straight to your mailbox or inbox. Request a Free Request a Travel Guide Order One Sign Up For The Happy Thoughts Newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our "Happy Thoughts" newsletter Sign Up Would you like to submit an event to the calendar? Submit Event About PA Facts and History Film In PA A250PA Request Travel Information Media Room Industry Explore Trips & Trails Sports in PA Welcome Centers Free Travel Guide Site Map Privacy Policy Contact Us Accessibility visitPA.com is the official tourism website of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development, Josh Shapiro, Governor © Copyright 2023 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All rights reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use our website, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies (and milk!) from visitPA.com. Learn more about cookie data in our Privacy Policy Continue