This is Money: Be your own financial adviser - predictions, advice & tips Money Home Business Saving & banking Investing Cost of living & bills Cars Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login How we can help Contact us Tuesday, Mar 5th 2024 7PM 28°C 10PM 26°C 5-Day Forecast Advertisement small business diy investing guides comment life insurance property all Toggle Search POPULAR MONEY SECTIONS Take me to… Best savings rates tablesFind the best mortgage calculatorPower Portfolio investment trackerStock market data and share pricesThis is Money's podcastThis is Money's newsletterThe best DIY investing platformsThe best bank accountsThe best cash IsasThe best credit cardsSave on energy billsCompare broadband and TV dealsHow to find cheaper car insuranceInvesting Show videosFinancial calculators Search Enter search term Search Search within All articles Share prices Spring Budget 2024: What changes could be made by the Chancellor and will National Insurance be cut? On 6 March, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will unveil his Budget. In what may well turn out to be an election year, the Government will be keen to attract voters with policies that will protect the pounds in their pockets. That means that tax cuts could be on the table. However, Hunt already announced several reductions in the Autumn Statement - and will be wary of repeating the mistakes of Liz Truss' 2022 mini-Budget, when unfunded tax cuts threw the economy into turmoil. 192 comments 43 shares Spring Budget 2024: What changes could be made by Jeremy Hunt? Why new NS&I financing targets revealed in the Budget could result in further cuts to underlying rate of Premium Bonds The future of the Premium Bonds prize fund is hanging in the balance and depends on whether the Chancellor announces any changes to NS&I financing targets in the Budget tomorrow 1 comment share What changes to Premium Bonds could the Budget bring? State pension would hit £13,236 a year by 2030 if triple lock remains LATEST BUSINESS NEWS BUSINESS LIVE: Greggs | Spirent | IWG Greggs revenues soar to £1.8bn Spirent Communications agrees £1bn takeover KPMG fined £1.5m over M&C Saatchi audit M&S leads calls to scrap the tourist tax Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs EU fine wipes £70bn off the value of Apple New HIV drug boosts GSK What NOT to do when selling your car: Experts reveal the nine mistakes that could result in losing thousands when you want to replace it With new '24' plates now on sale since the 1st March, here are the top nine things Motorpoint's experts want you to look for to save money, and time before selling your car. 96 comments 43 shares What NOT to do when you're selling you car EXCLUSIVEHow did property prices perform under nine different Chancellors over the past 30 years? Winners and losers revealed New research reveals how vibrant the property market has been during the tenure of various Chancellors in the past 30 years. In particular, the data looked at a range of factors, including monthly transaction volumes and average house price growth under the nine Chancellors since 1997. 86 comments 1 share Which Chancellor saw the biggest boost in the property market? Why have I been blocked from putting money into my Isa? I live abroad in Cyprus, but the cash is from my pension which I pay tax on in the UK I live in Cyprus but have a UK current account and an Isa. Nationwide has blocked me from transferring funds from one to the other because I live abroad. 119 comments 15 shares Why can't I transfer funds into my Isa now that I live abroad? Without the Chancellor's support, Britain's brilliant small businesses will continue to struggle says Enterprise Nation's EMMA JONES Inflation, unmanageable energy bills and rising staff costs mean it is impossible for small firms to invest in growth, says the founder of Enterprise Nation. 1 comment share Without Budget support, small businesses will continue to struggle I'm a first-time buyer and can't afford my own home but could get a buy-to-let - should I do it? I have a 25% deposit, but as a single person my income isn't enough to get a mortgage where I live. Can I buy a home somewhere else to rent out? 52 comments 8 shares I can't afford my own home but can get a buy-to-let - should I do it? Retirement at risk: Rise in homeowners who say higher mortgage rates have hit their pension savings More than a fifth of mortgaged homeowners say their repayments are stopping them from saving more for later life. 42 comments 13 shares Homeonwers say mortgages are putting their retirement plans at risk SAVE MONEY, MAKE MONEY Best buy savings Best-buy savings Top rates of up to 5.49%* Open via Raisin for exclusive £50 bonus Easy access Easy access deal Competitive 4.84% interest* Start with £1. Monthly interest Isa and Sipp deal Isa and Sipp deal Free share worth £100 to £2,100* Until tax year end. Must deposit £10k Isa and Sipp offer Isa and Sipp offer Up to £3.5k cash back on transfer* HL's biggest ever cashback offer Isa cashback offer Isa cashback offer Up to £1,500 cash back on opening* Min £2k deposit * Affiliate links: If you take out a product This is Money may earn a commission. These deals are chosen by our editorial team, as we think they are worth highlighting. This does not affect our editorial independence. THIS IS MONEY PODCAST Tale of the state pension underpaid for 20 YEARS HOW THIS IS MONEY CAN HELP Mortgages: Check the best rates Our best buy savings rate tables Top stocks & shares Isas and investing We pick the best current accounts Credit cards: From rewards to spending Compare car and home insurance Compare broadband, TV and phone Find the cheapest life insurance Find a financial adviser FollowMailOnline Follow @MailOnline DON'T MISS Gold price hits record high; What's behind the latest and how do you invest in it? Why you might need to sell some of your investments now: How to cut your tax bill with a Bed & Isa Sponsored Can I stop an old financial adviser taking £60 a month from my pension? STEVE WEBB replies Can the Budget keep Britain's pubs open? What landlords want from Jeremy Hunt Petrol prices record biggest jump in five months as Chancellor is set to freeze fuel duty and retain 5p cut to ease strain on drivers Greggs on course to double sales by 2026 as revenues soar to £1.8bn Terry Smith and Nick Train make Bestinvest's 'Spot the Dog' list of funds for the first time Barbie private number plate goes on sale with a HUGE asking price Chancellor should make savers put 25% of pensions in UK, says ROS ALTMANN Companies House gets new powers to tackle fraud on its register Should I get a buy-to-let mortgage on my flat in order to buy my next home? DAVID HOLLINGWORTH replies Tax rises are coming - so fight back with these tips Jaguar to only build SUVs from June as it culls saloons and sports cars ahead of switch to EVs Quarter of first-time buyers taking out 35-year or longer mortgages Tale of the state pension underpaid for 20 YEARS: This is Money podcast BUSINESS & MARKETS LIVEBUSINESS LIVE: Greggs eyes further earnings growth; US rival to buy Spirent for £1bn; IWG profits soar on office demand rebound Among the companies with reports and trading updates today are Greggs, Spirent Communications, IWG, Foxtons and Travis Perkins. Greggs expects further earnings growth in 2024 after underlying pre-tax profits came in 13 per cent higher at £168millio for last year, lifted by extending its opening hours into the evening and expanding in food delivery. 1 comment share BUSINESS LIVE: Greggs eyes further growth; US rival to buy Spirent On a roll: Greggs on course to double sales and operate 3,000 shops as bakery chain's revenues soar to record £1.8bn Greggs has said it is on track to double turnover under an ongoing five-year strategy after achieving its strongest-ever performance in 2023. 2 comments share Greggs on course to double sales by 2026 as revenues soar to £1.8bn Can the Budget help keep Britain's pubs open? As more locals are forced to shut their doors, this is what landlords want The BBPA has said more pubs closed for good last year than in 2020 or 2021 when Covid-related curbs forced hospitality venues to temporarily shut up shop. 11 comments 3 shares Can the Budget help keep Britain's pubs open? Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs as investors bet on interest rate cuts Bitcoin reached $66,864 yesterday - its highest level for more than two years - sparking predictions that an all-time high is 'around the corner'. 28 comments share Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs Spirent shares soar after FTSE 250 firm agrees £1bn takeover by US-based Viavi Solutions as another UK buyout lands Spirent Communications shares skyrocketed on Tuesday after the FTSE 250 firm agreed to be bought by US-based communications equipment firm Viavi Solutions. comments share Spirent Communications agrees £1bn takeover by US-based Viavi M&S leads calls for end of tourist tax: Business leaders pile fresh pressure to bring back VAT-free shopping for tourists The boss of M&S joined a top London jeweller and an executive at the O2 music arena to call for VAT-free shopping for foreign visitors to be restored. 20 comments share M&S leads calls to scrap the tourist tax at this week's budget SAVE MONEY, MAKE MONEY Best savings rates: General savings - online and branch Looking for a better bank? Five of the best current accounts Is it time to fix your mortgage? Check the best rates Don't just renew:Ten top tips to cut the cost of car insurance Best (and cheapest) DIY investing Isa platforms This is Money's five favourite best buy cash Isas Savings platforms to manage cash in one place The best credit cards: Our pick of the top deals Ten tips for buy-to-let and how to find a mortgage How to get the cheapest and best life insurance Previous 1 2 Next MONEY NEWS & ADVICE I’ve discovered an old financial adviser is taking £60 a month from my pension for doing nothing! Can I get my money back? STEVE WEBB replies I estimate this has cost me thousands of pounds without any contact from my adviser. I contacted the pension provider and they are going to get back to me. Should I contact the Ombudsman as this seems like theft and should I be able to seek compensation as without the fees my pension pot would be considerably higher. 224 comments 80 shares Can I stop a financial adviser taking £60 a month from my pension? State pension would hit £13,236 a year by 2030 if triple lock remains, with both major parties likely to pledge to keep it Both the Conservative and Labour are expected to pledge their support for the pensions triple lock in their manifestos for the upcoming general election, according to media reports. 1.3k comments 47 shares State pension would hit £13,236 a year by 2030 if triple lock remains Chancellor should make savers put 25% of pensions in UK Plc or lose generous tax breaks, argues ROS ALTMANN Other major countries invest pension pots far more heavily in domestic firms and it's time for Britain to take radical steps to do the same, according to the former Pensions Minister. 103 comments 42 shares Make savers put 25% of pensions in UK, says ROS ALTMANN Are you being distracted by your car? Firms told to dial back touchscreens as safety body prepares to penalise models without simple button controls New safety tests due to arrive in 2026 will put fresh pressure on car makers to dial back confusing touchscreen systems that can be distracting for drivers to use on the move. From January 2026, crash testing body Euro NCAP will introduce rules that downgrade the safety ratings of new vehicles that do not have buttons on the dashboard to control simple operations such as indicating and activating hazard warning lights. 288 comments 1 video 334 shares Car makers told to ditch distracting touchscreens Plastic, it's fantastic! 'BAR 8IE' number plate for sale for more than £1m - and could be the most expensive ever One Barbie fan is set to cash in by selling their 'BAR 8IE' private number plate for a huge sum of money. 23 comments share Barbie private number plate for sale for HUGE asking price Petrol prices jumped by 4p a litre last month - biggest increase in five months as Chancellor is set to freeze fuel duty A combination of oil rising above $80 dollars and the pound being worth just $1.26 (with oil traded in dollars) pushed the price of filling up higher by 4p-a-litre for petrol and 5p for diesel. 3 comments share Petrol prices record biggest jump in five months Sponsored Why you might need to sell some of your investments now: How to cut your tax bill with a Bed & Isa Investors should consider selling some of their investments now to prepare their finances for an imminent tax raid. From the start of the new tax year on 6 April 2024, the tax-free amount that investors can earn in both profits and dividends in any one year will be slashed again. But by selling investments and buying them back within a stocks & shares Isa, they can be placed in a tax-friendly shelter through a process known as a Bed & Isa . 10 shares Why you might need to sell some of your investments now Gold price hits record high: What's behind the latest surge and how do you invest in the commodity? The price of gold reached a record high as hopes mount for a US rate cut this summer, following weaker-than-expected economic data published last week. The price of the precious metal surged to $2,110 (£1,661.73) an ounce in the spot market, before falling back to $2,108, after steady increases over the past few weeks. We look at what's behind the recent surge in the price of gold and how investors can get exposure to it. 62 comments 2 shares What's behind latest gold surge and how do you invest in it? Terry Smith and Nick Train make Bestinvest's 'Spot the Dog' list of funds for the first time Twice a year Bestinvest names and shames underperforming investment funds, with its 'Spot the Dog' report revealing which funds belong in the dog house. 2 comments 6 shares Terry Smith and Nick Train make Bestinvest's 'Spot the Dog' list A not so promising sign for a British Isa: UK investors shun UK equity funds in favour of surging US valuations Inflows of £2.66bn in February were the highest since May 2021, but £633m was pulled from UK-focused funds, according to Calastone. 4 comments share UK investors shun British funds in favour of surging US valuations Should I get a buy-to-let mortgage on my existing flat in order to buy my next home? DAVID HOLLINGWORTH replies I was thinking of taking £50,000 out of the flat I own to put down as a deposit towards a 100,000 house I would buy. This would leave me with a mortgage of say £50,000. Plus the £50,000 borrowed on a buy-to-let mortgage I would be taking out on my flat. But the mortgage rates I have been offered are very high. Should I wait for rates to fall or for when I am able to buy with cash? 26 comments 1 share Should I get a buy-to-let mortgage on my flat so I can buy a new home? Will this stop Chinese firms stealing your address? Companies House gets new powers to tackle fraud on register Companies House is tightening the rules around registering a firm to prevent UK residents' homes being used by fraudsters without their knowledge. . 39 comments 3 shares Companies House gets new powers to tackle fraud on its register One in four first-time home buyers are signing up to 35-year mortgages or longer amid soaring borrowing costs Figures from the trade body UK Finance showed the proportion of first-time buyers signing up to 35 year mortgage terms hit a new record. 34 comments 19 shares One in four first-time home buyers are signing up to 35-year mortgages This is Money podcast Is the taxman really going after Ebay sellers? Why isn't Britain getting richer quicker? Why would the Bank of England cut rates this year? Will you be able to afford the level of retirement you want? Does it matter the UK is in recession - and are things getting better? Will the Budget cut taxes - and get rid of the child benefit and 60% traps? More This is Money podcasts Tax rises are coming, warns RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS - so fight back with these crucial tips Savers face an onslaught of tax rises next month, regardless of what Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announces in his Budget. Speculation is mounting over whether he will cut National Insurance, income, inheritance or other taxes. But savers are being warned to watch out for tax rises that have already been confirmed for the new tax year from April 6 - unless the Chancellor grants a last-minute stay of execution. 92 comments share Tax rises are coming - so fight back with these tips MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Tailor made profit from management consultants Elixirr, advisers to the kings of fashion Boss Stephen Newton is certainly motivated to deliver results. At £5.50, the shares are a buy. 1 comment 1 video 49 shares MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Tailor made profit from fashion advisers Elixirr Pensioners set to be hit by Chancellor's stealth tax raid with millions forced to fill in an HMRC return Older people are likely to be dragged into the tax net even if they have no income other than a full state pension. 595 comments 239 shares Pensioners set to be hit by Chancellor's stealth tax raid Six ways the Budget could sort out Britain's tax mess: SIMON LAMBERT on radical changes for the better A tax-cutting Spring Budget was trailed just a couple of weeks ago, as the Chancellor prepared for a General Election. Yet, now it seems unlikely from the noises being made that we will get a spectacular blowout. And maybe that's not even what we need. Instead, I'd argue it would be better for Mr Hunt to lay out a radical but coherent plan to fix the illogical mess our tax system has got into. 109 comments share Six ways the Budget could sort out Britain's tax mess: SIMON LAMBERT We need a British Isa, says JEFF PRESTRIDGE: Extra £5k tax break can help back the UK’s Magnificent Seven Ladies and gentlemen, its time has come - bring on the patriotic Great British Isa and let's get investing in OUR country, says Jeff Prestridge. 189 comments 1 share Why we ALL need a Great British Isa - to power a Brexit boost Budget chance to right a wrong: In every other country pension funds favour domestic firms, says HAMISH MCRAE Everyone saving for their old age, especially Generation Z, will be deeply grateful. 53 comments 37 shares HAMISH MCRAE: Budget is chance to right a pension wrong MORE BUSINESS & MARKETS NEWS Shopping for lower taxes: VAT relief for overseas visitors would would be a huge boost to retail and hospitality, says ALEX BRUMMER By now we should all have had our fill of possible tax changes to be outlined in tomorrow's Spring Budget. The Tories find themselves in a last chance saloon and the main economic escape route is tax giveaways. After the latest series of forecasts from the Office for Budget Responsibility, Jeremy Hunt is scrambling to find the least offensive revenue raising measures and public spending savings to deliver without breaching fiscal rules. 13 comments share Scrap tourist tax to boost retail and hospitality, says ALEX BRUMMER Dealership chain Vertu Motors says used car prices have started steadying after significant falls last year Wholesale used vehicle prices fell by 10.3 per cent between October and December amid increasing market supply, continued high prices and rising interest rates hitting consumer demand. comments 14 shares Vertu Motors says used car prices have started steadying CBI wants mileage allowance 'stealth tax' scrapped in Budget as some workers refuse to take cars on business journeys Approved Mileage Allowance Payments allow companies to reimburse workers. But the 45p per mile rate has not been updated since 2011. 44 comments 1 share CBI calls for mileage allowance 'stealth tax' to be scrapped in Budget New HIV drug Cabotegravir that can be taken as little as three times a year boosts GSK GSK's HIV medicine arm said a trial of a new formulation of its treatment Cabotegravir had shown it could be taken 'at least' once every four months. 3 comments share New HIV fighting drug Cabotegravir is a shot in the arm for GSK Hipgnosis Songs Fund shares drop to new low after its portfolio value is cut by over 25% The struggling company, which owns the back catalogues of artists like Shakira and Chris Cornell, appointed Shot Tower Capital in December to conduct due diligence on its assets. comments 9 shares Hipgnosis Songs Fund shares drop to new low From Paris to Milan, our rivals are cashing in as the UK flounders, warns boss of London business group Hot on the heels of London Fashion Week, our rivals in Paris are wrapping up their own designer showcase. The battle between iconic British and French fashion brands has a long history. Savile Row and our fashion houses are world-renowned, just like the boutiques on the Champs-Elysees. But our fashion industry - and London and the UK more broadly - is operating at a stark competitive disadvantage. 2 comments share From Paris to Milan, our rivals are cashing in as the UK flounders Sexism still blights the City: Despite high-profile scandals bad attitudes persist, says RUTH SUNDERLAND Having strong female voices in economics matters - as does encouraging people from less privileged backgrounds to embrace the subject. comments 8 shares RUTH SUNDERLAND: Sexism still blights the City Online pension provider PensionBee plans to expand into America after tie-up with mystery US financial firm Pensionbee, led by Boss Romi Savova (pictured), is setting up a New York operation in a tie-up with an unnamed 'US-based global financial institution'. comments share Online pension provider PensionBee unveils plans to conquer US KPMG fined £1.5m over 'basic failings' in its audit of advertising firm M&C Saatchi Adrian Wilcox, a KPMG partner, was also fined £48,750 as a result of an investigation by the Financial Reporting Council. 1 comment share KPMG fined £1.5m over 'basic failings' in M&C Saatchi audit Apple sees almost £70bn wiped off as EU fines it £1.5bn over music streaming Apple was accused of stopping apps like Spotify from telling customers they can subscribe for cheaper if they do not use Apple's App Store. 8 comments share MARKET REPORT: EU fine wipes £70bn off the value of Apple YOUR MONEY ESSENTIALS The land of the rising index: Nikkei tops level last seen in 1989 as Japan shakes off 34 years of stagnation This recovery was driven by the global semiconductor stock boom, but also by a diverse range of other more fundamental factors. These include the forecast from brokers Nomura that if America chooses Donald Trump as its president in November, there will be a further breakdown in US-Chinese relations. The beneficiaries would be companies that sell more to America than China, like the car manufacturer Subaru and noodle specialist Toyo Suisan. I am taking a bet on Japan making up for lost time. 11 comments 3 shares Nikkei tops level last seen in 1989 as Japan shakes off stagnation PGIM JENNISON GLOBAL EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES is the £580m global fund searching for the next big thing The modus operandi behind the fund is to identify companies that are likely to dominate the corporate world in the next decade - and then invest in them big time. comments 1 video share PGIM JENNISON GLOBAL EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES searches far and wide MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep Bank of Georgia on your mind - it has rewarded investors over the past decade At £50.20, Bank of Georgia has proved a rewarding investment over the past decade but there is more to come for new and existing shareholders. comments 1 video share MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep the Bank of Georgia on your mind TONY HETHERINGTON: Bailiffs collected money on my behalf - but months later, court still has the cash I issued a court claim for £350 against LG, a white goods maker, relating to a washing machine guarantee. The firm did not put up a defence to the claim and it was paid after I engaged bailiffs at Kingston-upon-Thames County Court. Bailiffs collected payment last November and the money is, they say, now with the court. Despite numerous emails, the money is still outstanding and the court's phone goes unanswered. I have also emailed the Courts and Tribunals Service complaints department, to no avail. 9 comments 17 shares TONY HETHERINGTON: Kingston-upon-Thames County Court wouldn't pay up Banks set to report 1MILLION cases of online fraud in a year for the first time ever as scams soar Fraud is one reason individuals or companies may have their account forcibly shut down, otherwise known as being 'debanked'. 2 comments share Banks set to report 1m cases of fraud in a year Who says crime doesn't pay! Jack the Ripper relics up for auction - collectors show there's money in mayhem The pieces are being sold as one lot by auctioneer Whitton & Laing with a £10,000 estimate. Fascination in historical crimes is reflected in the value of related artefacts. 28 comments 16 shares As Jack the Ripper relics go up for sale, there's money in mayhem What’s the cheapest way to get solar panels installed, are they worth it… and is it only worth doing on a south facing roof? Homes across the country have been fitted with photovoltaic cells, and there is little sign that uptake will stop. In fact, solar panel installations have hit a seven-year high , with 161,494 panels installed on homes in 2023, increasing 44.6 per cent from the year before. 61 comments 33 shares What's the cheapest way to get solar panels and are they worth it? JEFF PRESTRIDGE: Yorkshire businessman has to bank cheques in London, as Barclays closes branches Already this year, it has announced plans to shut 62 branches with the first of them closing next month. This is on top of the 1,140 it has closed since the beginning of 2015. 200 comments 31 shares JEFF PRESTRIDGE: Yorkshireman has to bank cheques... in London Dining rooms have fallen out of favour: Here's how to give the most neglected space in your home a new lease of life Busy working lives have seen formal dining rooms fall out of fashion - but interiors experts say they can be revived as multi-functional spaces. 38 comments 72 shares Refine the dining room: How to bring that neglected space back to life Be a pension millionaire for £6 a day: Read our guide to the amount you need to save every month to retire in luxury Retiring with a million-pound pension pot and the luxury lifestyle it affords may sound like the stuff of dreams. But it could be in closer reach than you think. It's unlikely to happen by accident, however. Use these top tips - and invest a good bit of time - and a retirement of frequent holidays, treating loved ones and enjoying the finer things could just be attainable. Ian Dunsire retired almost 20 years ago. He says it's all thanks to his £1 million Self Invested Personal Pension. 275 comments 97 shares Want to be a millionaire pensioner? You can do it for £6 a day Should I fix my mortgage for two years, five years or take a tracker? We ask a dozen brokers what they'd do Anyone taking out a mortgage at the moment will likely be pondering the same questions - how long to fix for? Should they fix at all? 138 comments 36 shares Should I fix my mortgage or take a tracker? A dozen brokers reply Cost of your home insurance may have gone up by 28% in the last year as flood warnings rise The cost of insuring a property that has previously been flooded has risen by £99 in just one year, according to Compare the Market. 3 comments share Cost of insuring flood-prone homes surges 28% in 2024 Jaguar to only build SUVs from June as it culls saloons, estates and sports cars ahead of shift to an EV-only maker The car maker's Castle Bromwich factory in Birmingham will stop building cars in a matter of weeks, signalling the end of the road for the XE and XF saloons and F-Type sports car. It means Jaguar will only be making examples of the E-Pace, F-Pace and electric I-Pace SUVs for the remainder of the year before ditching the internal combustion engine once and for all in 2025. 433 comments 55 shares Jaguar to make only SUVs from June ahead of switch to EVs Sponsored Considering equity release? A drawdown plan could give you regular income - we explain the pros and cons If you are an older homeowner, you may be considering equity release as a way to benefit from the money tied up in your property. It allows over-55s to take a tax-free lump sum from the value of their home, which they can enjoy spending once they've repaid any existing mortgage. For those taking a lifetime mortgage, the most common type of equity release plan, there are two options - drawdown or lump sum. The one you choose will affect how much money you can access and when. It will also impact the amount of interest owed. With the help of specialist equity release advisor Age Partnership+, we explain the pros and cons of both plan types to help you decide. share Considering equity release? We explain the pros and cons of drawdown Tale of the state pension underpaid for 20 YEARS and yet more top-up chaos: The This is Money podcast The debacle over widespread errors in the state pension that This is Money and Sir Steve Webb uncovered, continues. This week, Tanya Jefferies, Lee Boyce, Angharad Carrick and Georgie Frost reveal the case where a letter was sent to the daughter of an 100 year-old man three years after he passed away, stating he had been unpaid state pension for two decades. 8 comments share Tale of state pension underpaid for 20 YEARS: This is Money podcast Pension funds will be forced to reveal how much of savers' cash they invest in British business under new plans The funds will also be required to publicly compare their performance data against their competitors, in a bid to help savers make 'informed choices'. 83 comments 8 shares Pension funds forced to reveal how much they invest in UK businesses Doomsters put women off investing and means they put less money in the stock market, study shows Doom-mongering warnings about the risks of investing are deterring women from saving more money and have become an unnecessary barrier, a new study has found. 5 comments share Doomsters put women off investing, study shows CRANE ON THE CASE: We cancelled our honeymoon trip to Hawaii because of wildfires - but insurer Southdowns won't pay our claim My wife and I got married last summer and went on our honeymoon to the west coast of America. We started in July and had a three week itinerary, visiting multiple cities and finishing in Hawaii. We were set to travel from Los Angeles to Honolulu on 11 August. But the day before, we woke up in LA to news of the wildfires on Hawaii's Maui island. A state of emergency was announced, so we had to cancel that leg of the holiday last-minute and find a new hotel in LA for the five days until our flight back home. We were shocked that our insurance claim was rejected by Southdown - not once, but four times. Surely this is the definition of an obstruction to our trip that was out of our control? 73 comments 2 shares We couldn't travel to Hawaii because of wildfire but insurer won't pay I'm a landlord - but I don't own the home my family live in: Property expert Rob Dix tells us why he loves renting People tell him he's throwing money away, but Rob Dix argues that his family have the flexibility to move when they want - and he never has to spend weekends doing DIY. 47 comments 35 shares Meet the buy-to-let landlord who prefers to rent How to get up to £102 a week if you're elderly and struggling to cope: Could you benefit from Attendance Allowance? Attendance Allowance is an important benefit or people over state pension who need help at home because of an illness or disability. Here's what you need to know and how to apply. 3 comments 33 shares How to get up to £102 a week in Attendance Allowance How long will it take you to repay your student loan on your current salary? We crunch the numbers based on when you graduated Student loan repayments means graduates face an extra 9% tax on their income, which could stay with them for decades. We look at how much you might expect to pay per month, depending on when you started university, and how long it will take to clear the debt. 204 comments 80 shares How long will it take to repay your student loan on your salary? We thought early retirement would be all holidays – now we're forced back to work Peter Truesdale (pictured) was thrilled to take early retirement. But the 61-year-old is now burning through his money faster than expected. 459 comments 162 shares Credit crunch forcing retirees back to work SALLY SORTS IT: Aviva won't pay £50,000 claim because I had a cardiac arrest... not a heart attack I suffered a cardiac arrest but Aviva says I am not eligible for a payout under my £50,000 critical illness policy because it covers only heart attacks and not cardiac arrest. Can you help? 172 comments 76 shares Aviva won't pay £50,000 claim over cardiac arrest SALLY SORTS IT Will the new online state pension top-ups service cope? Boost staff ahead of new rush, government is warned - as delays still clog up old system Frustrated savers are continuing to complain of state pension top-ups chaos as the Government readies a new online service for launch by early April. Kate Phillips, pictured, paid nearly £11,500 for state pension top-ups last April which vanished into the system, and told us: 'I'm at a loss as to how to proceed.' The Department for Work and Pension and HMRC must put enough staff in place to make sure the whole system does not 'fall over' under a new surge of top-up purchases, warns former Pensions Minister Steve Webb. 17 comments share New online state pension top-ups service is pending Chancellor's Budget dilemma: Jeremy Hunt must choose between vote-winning tax cuts... and balancing the books Hunt has little choice but to pencil in further reductions in public spending if he is to deliver big vote-catching tax cuts on March 6. 404 comments 1 share Chancellor must choose between tax cuts and balancing books in Budget How to embrace the power of dividends and build a well-balanced Isa or pension portfolio: JEFF PRESTRIDGE Although 'booming' is not a word I would necessarily use to describe Alliance, there is no doubt that this 135-year-old trust ticks many boxes for investors. 24 comments 3 shares JEFF PRESTRIDGE: Embrace power of dividends when building portfolio My divorced brother is dipping into our 94-year-old mother's cash - how do we get him to stop? Money psychotherapist VICKY REYNAL replies My brother moved back into my 94-year-old mum's house ten years ago after divorcing, but uses her bank card and stopped paying rent when she was hospitalised. Should we be worried? 59 comments share My brother is using our 94-year-old mother's home as a free hotel Budget 2024: What changes could be made - and how would it affect tax, savings, mortgages and pensions? On 6 March, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will unveil his Budget. We look at the tax and spending changes that could be announced, and what that might mean for the pounds in Britons' pockets. 192 comments 43 shares Spring Budget 2024: What changes could be made by Jeremy Hunt? Major bank issues warning over little-known ‘CEO fraud’ ruse as impersonation scams jump by 13% Lloyds Bank has issued a warning over a little known 'CEO fraud' impersonation scam which has seen consumers lose almost £11,000 on average in the last year. 18 comments 35 shares Major bank issues warning over rise in little-known 'CEO fraud' scam DWP says my dad who died aged 100 was underpaid state pension for 20 years, but I've heard nothing since July: Steve Webb replies There was a declaration to complete which I did and I have since tried to call them to find out if he is eligible. They are unable to advise as the section dealing with this do not take calls. My Dad did not receive a state pension due to not having paid enough NI contributions as a self-employed business owner. He received a payment at the end of the year which was about £10. Are you able to help? 4 comments 53 shares My dad who died aged 100 was underpaid state pension for 20 years A restaurant billed me for a ‘mandatory’ 15% service charge - is that legal? DEAN DUNHAM replies I went to a restaurant with friends and the bill had a 15% service charge, which added £52 to the total. The restaurant said it was a 'mandatory' charge. 218 comments 61 shares Can a restaurant take a 'mandatory' 15% service charge? The child benefit tax trap explained: How parents on £50,000 end up stung by 60% or higher rates on a pay rise The high income charge for child benefit (HICBC) has faced criticism for unnecessary bureaucracy and placing an extra burden on parents. Will it be axed at the Budget? 264 comments 78 shares Child benefit removal tax trap explained: How parents can pay 63% tax I'm a fund manager: Ben Lofthouse of Henderson International Income Trust is backing Microsoft and sees value in Asia Each month, This is Money speaks with a fund or investment manager and puts them to task with quick-fire questions about where they would invest right now. We want to know where they'd invest for the next 10 years and what they would avoid. We will quiz them on the future of inflation, interest rates and the property market. Among other things, we will ask them for their views on gold, Tesla and Bitcoin. 4 comments share I'm a fund manager: Why Ben Lofthouse is backing Microsoft Britain For Sale: The country's biggest firms are being picked off 'one by one' as foreign predators pounce First it was Wincanton, then Currys and now Direct Line. A series of firms at the heart of the UK economy are being preyed on by foreign suitors 570 comments 71 shares Britain For Sale: Country's biggest firms being picked off one by one House prices rose in February, says Nationwide: Annual growth up for first time in 13 months Property prices rose in February due to lower mortgage rates, according to the latest Nationwide house price index. 53 comments 22 shares House prices rose in February, says Nationwide SAVE MONEY, MAKE MONEY: TIPS AND GUIDES How to choose the best (and cheapest) DIY investing Isa - and our pick of the platforms Choosing the right DIY platform is crucial but a wealth of choice and a variety of charges can leave investors scratching their heads. We pick some of the best. We pick some of the best. We also highlight why investing in an Isa makes sense, as it should protect your hopefully growing investments from tax forever. 272 shares How to choose the best (and cheapest) DIY investing Isa Ten tips for buy-to-let: the essential advice for property investors If you are planning on investing, or just want to know more, we tell you the 10 essential things to consider for a successful buy-to-let investment 401 comments 1.8k shares Ten tips for buy-to-let - the essential guide for investors What next for mortgage rates - and how long should you fix for? Fixed mortgage rates are continuing to fall back from their summer peak, with a number of fixed rates deals now less than 5 per cent. 1.5k shares What next for mortgage rates? Lowest fixed rates go back above 4% How to invest in shares: A guide to becoming a successful stock-picker If you are interested in buying shares or know more about unearthing good companies and valuing them, read our guide to share investing. 78 comments 4 shares How to invest in shares: A guide to becoming a successful stock-picker How to save money on energy: What you need to know and energy-saving tips This is Money takes a look at all of the essential things you should know about. 162 comments 18 shares How to save money on energy: Your essential guide to bills ABOUT THIS IS MONEY How we can help you A message from the editor Premium Bonds Winners Prize Area Value of bond £1,000,000 West Sussex £4,625 £1,000,000 Hampshire And Isle Of Wight £2,000 £100,000 Shropshire £50,000 £100,000 Leeds £100 £100,000 Warwickshire £50,000 £100,000 Greater Manchester £40,000 £100,000 Cheshire East £20,000 £100,000 Surrey £50,000 More March 2024 winners View list of March 2024 winners Today's headlines Most Read Spring Budget 2024: What changes will Jeremy Hunt make and will National Insurance be cut? New NS&I financing targets in Budget could mean further cuts to Premium Bonds underlying rate DON'T do these before selling you car: Nine mistakes to avoid losing money trading in your wheels How did property prices perform under nine different Chancellors over the past 30 years? Why have I been blocked from putting money in my Isa? I live abroad but still pay UK tax Without support in the Budget Britain's brilliant small businesses will continue to struggle, says EMMA... I can't afford my own home but can get a buy-to-let - should I do it? Higher mortgage rates hit homeowners' retirement savings BUSINESS LIVE: Greggs eyes further growth; US rival to buy Spirent; IWG profits soar Greggs on course to double sales by 2026 as revenues soar to £1.8bn Can the Budget keep Britain's pubs open? What landlords want from Jeremy Hunt Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs as investors bet on interest rate cuts Spirent Communications agrees £1bn takeover by US-based Viavi Solutions M&S leads calls from UK firms to scrap the tourist tax at this week's budget Can I stop an old financial adviser taking £60 a month from my pension? STEVE WEBB replies MORE HEADLINES State pension would hit £13,236 a year by 2030 if triple lock remains DON'T do these before selling you car: Nine mistakes to avoid losing money trading in your wheels Why have I been blocked from putting money in my Isa? I live abroad but still pay UK tax Jaguar to only build SUVs from June as it culls saloons and sports cars ahead of switch to EVs Gold price hits record high; What's behind the latest and how do you invest in it? I can't afford my own home but can get a buy-to-let - should I do it? Terry Smith and Nick Train make Bestinvest's 'Spot the Dog' list of funds for the first time Higher mortgage rates hit homeowners' retirement savings Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs as investors bet on interest rate cuts Barbie private number plate goes on sale for HUGE asking price Bitcoin's bull run sees it tops $66,000 - just $3,000 off record high Can the Budget keep Britain's pubs open? What landlords want from Jeremy Hunt M&S leads calls from UK firms to scrap the tourist tax at this week's budget BUSINESS LIVE: Greggs eyes further growth; US rival to buy Spirent; IWG profits soar MARKET REPORT: EU fine wipes £70bn off the value of Apple MOST READ IN DETAIL This is Money on X (Twitter) > This is Money > Simon Lambert > Lee Boyce > Helen Crane > Tanya Jefferies > Sam Barker > Angharad Carrick > Ed Magnus > Helen Kirrane > Rob Hull > Myra Butterworth > Mike Sheen > Harry Wise SAVE MONEY, MAKE MONEY Five of the best cash Isas: Our favourite best buy tax-free savings accounts Get a better bank account: Best for switching deals, interest and perks How to find the best mortgage rate: Compare the top fixed rate deals Best savings rates: Savings platforms to manage your money in one place and get bonus boosters How to choose the best (and cheapest) DIY investing platform and stocks and shares Isa The best credit cards rated: Our pick of the top deals for cashback, rewards, clearing debt and airline points How to save hundreds on car insurance: Ten top tips to cut the cost in just a few minutes How to save money on spending abroad: From the best bank accounts and credit cards, to taking cash How to get the best and cheapest life insurance: What to consider and how to save money Lunch Money Will buy-to-let see a revival as mortgage rates fall? How to make a company listen to your complaint Would 1% deposit mortgages help trapped renters? Could cutting back on post make Royal Mail better Would you retire abroad for cheaper living costs? Will mortgage and savings rates keep falling as base rate is held? Could you still retire in your 60s if the state pension rose to 71? Are house prices set to bounce back as confidence returns? All the Lunch Money episodes Advertisement MOST READ MONEY We need a Great British Isa for a national boost, says JEFF PRESTRIDGE Jack the Ripper relics go up for auction and collectors show there's money in mayhem Number of reports about suspected fraud filed by banks set to hit one million a year for first time MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Tailor made profit from management consultants Elixirr, advisers to the kings of fashion What does the £264,400 average house price buy you across the UK? Stop trying to fix women founders - fix the funding system, says Starling Bank founder ANNE BODEN How long will it take you to repay your student loan on your current salary? Meet the 21st Century entrepreneurs cashing in on vaping craze in Blackburn Death of the dining room? How to give the most neglected space in your home a new lease of life Nikkei tops level last seen in 1989 as Japan shakes off 34 years of stagnation Has your home ever flooded? The cost of your insurance may have gone up 28% in the last year Drivers at increased risk of parking charges as car park firms ramp up activity Britain For Sale: The country's biggest firms are being picked off 'one by one' as foreign predators pounce Chase hikes minimum pay-in for cashback deal to £1,500 a month Child benefit removal tax trap explained: How some parents can pay 63% tax New online state pension top-ups service is pending: Boost staff ahead of rush, government is warned Six ways the Budget could sort out Britain's tax mess: SIMON LAMBERT I'm a fund manager: Why Ben Lofthouse is backing Microsoft and sees value in Asia How to apply for Attendance Allowance if you're elderly and struggling to cope We couldn't travel to Hawaii due to wildfires - but Southdowns won't pay insurance claim: CRANE ON THE CASE AIG knocked £23k off life insurance payout over a £253 birthday mistake My divorced brother is dipping into our 94-year-old mother's cash - how do we get him to stop? Money psychotherapist VICKY REYNAL replies Major bank issues warning over rise in little-known 'CEO fraud' scam Women now in the majority at top of Bank of England as Lombardelli is appointed deputy governor Government urged to cut sneaky Insurance Premium Tax that costs motorists £67 per year The best buy-to-let mortgages for landlords: Should they fix or risk a tracker? The world's most expensive new car: Rolls-Royce unveils its one-off Arcadia Droptail - a bespoke vehicle for a wealthy client that costs £25M Freetrade launches £2,100 free share offer for Isa and Sipp transfers Is this REALLY the best car you can buy in 2024? Electric Renault Scenic voted European Car of the Year Pension savers hit with 'emergency' tax of over £50,000 by HMRC More than 140,000 small businesses have accounts closed by major lenders EXCLUSIVEHalf of learners want lessons in EVs - and it's going to kill-off the manual gearbox I was charged a 'mandatory' 15% service charge in a restaurant - is that legal? DEAN DUNHAM replies Own New mortgage scheme offers sub-1% rates for new-build buyers: Is it a good idea? Elon Musk says new Tesla Roadster unveiled later this year will go from 0-60mph in less than ONE SECOND There's no rule to stop banks paying awful rates: SYLVIA MORRIS names the worst offenders HMRC customer service plummets to 'all-time low' and taxpayers are fed up, say MPs I buried my parents in the farmer's field next door... and it saved us thousands in fees Another BMW goes electric - but is the new iX2 better than its petrol X2 rival? Bitcoin breaks though $60,000 for the first time since November 2021 Potential Currys takeover could kick off wave of fresh M&A for Britain's beleaguered retailers Should I fix my mortgage or take a tracker? We ask a dozen brokers what they'd do Elton John's 1990 Bentley Continental smashes auction guide price selling for 17x its estimate We're stuck in Britain's downsizing gridlock: As the price of bungalows soars, the retirees struggling to buy a smaller home Three quarters of drivers blinded by other's headlights - and a third say they're dazzled by TRAFFIC LIGHTS London regains second place in Global Cities ranking as Manchester stays in top 30 I spent a day at the only bank branch left in Windsor Aviva won't pay £50,000 claim because I had a cardiac arrest... not a heart attack: SALLY SORTS IT Amanda and Alan's Italian Job TV show leads to surge in interest in buying a home in Tuscany New MG3 to become Britain's most affordable hybrid car Did you rush to open a one-year fixed cash Isa last year? Why you need to act NOW Scammers now use AI and deepfakes to forge documents and steal money The commemorative coins that really are worth investing in: One 50p piece will now sell for £350... but there are others to avoid Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Ineos Fusilier 4x4 EV unveiled - will it beat Land Rover's Defender in the electric game? Why must parents wait three years for state pension credit fix, ask MPs House prices - the definitive guide: Our calculator shows if they are rising or falling near you The good garage guide: What you must know before booking car servicing and repairs DWP says my dad who died at 100 was underpaid state pension for 20 years Steve Webb replies How to create a password that's safe from hackers in 2024 Checklist of what to look out for when viewing an older property to buy Renault 5 reborn - icon returns as a £25,000 electric car with retro looks MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Cambridge Cognition's smart testing for Alzheimer's... it's a tip to think about STEVE WEBB ANSWERS YOUR PENSION QUESTIONS Why am I being asked intrusive questions about moving my pension? A pension transfer I made in 2006 was short by £3,800 but I'm only being offered £5k back now Should I pay extra into my pension to dodge the 60% tax trap above £100k? Why does the Pension Protection Fund only give pensioners a 2.5% raise? I'm a retired nurse and just had a £200-a-month rent hike, but no rise in housing benefit What will National Insurance cut mean for self-employed and their state pensions? My mum might be due more state pension - but will she lose pension credit? Can we inherit state pensions after 30 years living together, or do we need a civil partnership? Does the Boots pension deal with L&G scupper my early retirement plan? Can I claim my deceased husband's state pension 15 years after he died? MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Tailor made profit from management consultants Elixirr, advisers to the kings of fashion MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep the Bank of Georgia on your mind MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Cambridge Cognition's smart testing for Alzheimer's... it's a tip to think about MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Hargreaves builds sustainable profits MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Want to win in the casinos? Invest in security cameras with Synectics! MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Car testing firm AB Dynamics is still driving forwards MIDAS SHARE TIPS: It's a nasty job... but crime scene tidiers React Group could help YOU clean up too MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RentGuarantor, a pioneer in rental market, is on the rise MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Concurrent Technologies is the tough tech firm that's firing on all cylinders MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Our tip Idox is still a vote winner FUND AND TRUST IDEAS PGIM JENNISON GLOBAL EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES searches far and wide for the next big thing LAW DEBENTURE: £1bn trust delivers income... with a little professional help JPMORGAN GLOBAL GROWTH & INCOME: The £2.3bn 'all-weather' fund that seeks out the world's best STS GLOBAL INCOME & GROWTH TRUST: A new name, more assets... and the real chance to boost income AVI GLOBAL TRUST: Hunting for chronically undervalued stocks PICTET ROBOTICS: A real artificial intelligence thriller - fund's 42% profit in just one year BLUE WHALE GROWTH FUND: Investment house keeps on growing... and delivers a return of 105% JP MORGAN GLOBAL CORE REAL ASSETS: One core aim... giving a steady stream of income to investors SCOTTISH ORIENTAL SMALLER COMPANIES TRUST: £322m Asia fund trims stocks as it builds on best in class RIGHTS AND ISSUES INVESTMENT TRUST: Jupiter duo remain upbeat for a positive year in UK mid-caps Latest: Mortgages Higher mortgage rates hit homeowners' retirement savings Quarter of first-time buyers taking out 35-year or longer mortgages Should I get a buy-to-let mortgage on my flat in order to buy my next home? DAVID HOLLINGWORTH replies House prices rose in February, says Nationwide: Annual growth up for first time in 13 months Stamp duty calculator: How much tax you pay to move home Is the housing market heating up? Zoopla reports more buyers, sellers and sales in busy start to 2024 Own New mortgage scheme offers sub-1% rates for new-build buyers: Is it a good idea? Should I fix my mortgage or take a tracker? We ask a dozen brokers what they'd do Homeowners hit as 'down valuations' cause mortgage headaches MORE HEADLINES Latest from Saving & banking New NS&I financing targets in Budget could mean further cuts to Premium Bonds underlying rate Why have I been blocked from putting money in my Isa? I live abroad but still pay UK tax Five best cash Isas 2024: Find top fixed-rate and easy-access tax-free deals Premium Bonds winning numbers for March 2024 - see all the prizes from £1,000 to £1m and use our interactive tables to search for yours Two Premium Bonds savers scoop £100k prizes with £100 bonds Chase hikes minimum pay-in for cashback deal to £1,500 a month There's no rule to stop banks paying awful rates: SYLVIA MORRIS names the worst offenders FCA launches campaign to steer savers towards better rates Did you rush to open a one-year fixed cash Isa last year? Why you need to act NOW How 93.4% of all shop transactions are now contactless MORE HEADLINES Tourist rates Currency Rate Buy now Updated 05 Mar 2024. Euro 1.143 Buy Now US Dollar 1.241 Buy Now Australian Dollar 1.853 Buy Now Barbados Dollar 2.216 Buy Now Brazilian Real 4.893 Buy Now Bulgarian Lev 2.174 Buy Now Canadian Dollar 1.655 Buy Now Chinese Yuan 8.699 Buy Now Croatian Kuna 8.293 Buy Now Czech Koruna 26.29 Buy Now Danish Krone 8.373 Buy Now Hong Kong Dollar 9.498 Buy Now Hungarian Forint 417.5 Buy Now Icelandic KrÃ³na 164.3 Buy Now Indian Rupee 87.48 Buy Now Indonesian Rupiah 15659.0 Buy Now Israeli New Shekel 4.177 Buy Now Jamaican Dollar 147.8 Buy Now Japanese Yen 175.7 Buy Now Jordanian Dinar 0.778 Buy Now Kenyan Shilling 135.1 Buy Now Malaysian Ringgit 5.295 Buy Now Mexican Peso 26.68 Buy Now New Taiwan Dollar 35.76 Buy Now New Turkish Lire 34.44 Buy Now New Zealand Dollar 1.847 Buy Now Norwegian Krone 13.31 Buy Now Polish Zloty 4.869 Buy Now Romanian New Leu 5.434 Buy Now Russian Rouble 75.14 Buy Now Singapore Dollar 1.628 Buy Now South African Rand 22.89 Buy Now South Korean Won 1549.0 Buy Now Sterling 1.0 Buy Now Swedish Krona 12.69 Buy Now Swiss Franc 1.063 Buy Now Thai Baht 42.0 Buy Now UAE Dirham 4.469 Buy Now Vietnamese Dong 27664.0 Buy Now LATEST ON HOUSEHOLD Cost of living & bills Spring Budget 2024: What changes will Jeremy Hunt make and will National Insurance be cut? Tax rises are coming - so fight back with these tips How long will it take you to repay your student loan on your current salary? Has your home ever flooded? The cost of your insurance may have gone up 28% in the last year What's the cheapest way to get solar panels installed… and is it only worth doing on a south facing roof? Six ways the Budget could sort out Britain's tax mess: SIMON LAMBERT Government urged to cut sneaky Insurance Premium Tax that costs motorists £67 per year Child benefit removal tax trap explained: How parents can pay 63% tax Households with mortgages face steepest increase in costs, says ONS Standing charges on energy bills rise AGAIN despite gas and electricity prices falling MORE HEADLINES Latest from Cards & loans My student loan has increased by 25% in six years… should I pay it off early? One in four credit card users pay bills late as debts soar 'I got £4,000 off a business class flight to LA': Avios pros share their secrets What's the best credit card to buy £10,000 of furniture for my new home? Five expert tips to make your Avios points take off - boost the balance by up to 300% Beware your favourite credit card: Interest rates soar - with Sainsbury's and John Lewis among worst offenders Christmas shoppers beware as interest rates on credit cards hit a 17-year high of 34.6% John Lewis U-turn on dramatic cuts to credit card limits after we raised the alarm John Lewis's halved my credit limit just before Christmas... with no notice! MORE HEADLINES Latest from Investing Gold price hits record high; What's behind the latest and how do you invest in it? Terry Smith and Nick Train make Bestinvest's 'Spot the Dog' list of funds for the first time PGIM JENNISON GLOBAL EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES searches far and wide for the next big thing MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep the Bank of Georgia on your mind MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Tailor made profit from management consultants Elixirr, advisers to the kings of fashion Chancellor should make savers put 25% of pensions in UK, says ROS ALTMANN Jack the Ripper relics go up for auction and collectors show there's money in mayhem We need a Great British Isa for a national boost, says JEFF PRESTRIDGE Doomsters put women off investing and means they put less money in the stock market, study shows MORE HEADLINES TOP CALCULATORS Historic inflation: how the value of money has changed The effects of inflation since 1900 and what past prices mean today True cost mortgage tool - rates AND fees Compare the cost of rival fixed and tracker rate mortgages Monthly or lump sum savings calculator How much a regular monthly savings scheme could make or a lump sum could be worth. Money Home Business Saving & banking Investing Cost of living & bills Cars Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages Buy-to-let Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location This is Money is part of the Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday & Metro media group dmg media Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Terms Subscription Terms & Conditions Do not sell or share my personal information Cookie Settings Privacy policy & cookies Advertisement Advertisement