Reform Judaism | Reform Judaism Skip to main content Affiliate Hat ReformJudaism.org Union for Reform Judaism Religious Action Center Find a Congregation Find a Congregation RJ Utility Menu Legacy Giving Calendar Subscribe Donate Main navigation + Jewish Holidays Shabbat Rosh HaShanah Yom Kippur Sukkot Simchat Torah Hanukkah Tu BiShvat Purim Passover Yom Hashoah Yom HaZikaron & Yom HaAtzmaut Lag BaOmer Shavuot Tishah B'av + Reform Jewish Life Arts, Culture & Travel Food & Recipes Jewish Life Around the World Youth, Family & Community + Beliefs & Practices What is Reform Judaism? Lifecycle Rituals Prayers & Blessings Israel & Reform Judaism Social Justice & Reform Judaism Racial Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion Spirituality + Learning Classes Torah Study Sacred Texts Podcasts Answers to Jewish Questions Blog Find a Congregation Find a Congregation RJ Utility Menu Legacy Giving Calendar Subscribe Donate Affiliate Hat ReformJudaism.org Union for Reform Judaism Religious Action Center Image Our Hearts are with the People of Israel Our hearts are with the people of Israel at this difficult time and we pray for the safety and immediate release of all of the hostages. See our resources and actions you can take. Image Grow a Good Citizen: Save the Environment Delight in this activity book centered around environmental awareness, crafted with content from Highlights Magazine. Download and gain access to family stories, engaging games, and mind-teasing puzzles that aim to educate and inspire action towards achieving environmental justice. Image Celebrate Purim Purim is a joyous holiday that affirms and celebrates Jewish survival and continuity throughout history. Find recipes, family activities, videos, and more to celebrate this holiday. Image Discover the Magic of Jewish Summer Camp Jewish summer camps fuse the activities, friendships, and communal life of traditional camps with the Jewish values, role models and culture our shared heritage. Registration is open for Summer 2024. This Week's Torah Portion Image Vayak'heilוַיַּקְהֵל[Moses] Assembled Moses then convoked the whole Israelite community and said to them: "These are the things that the Eternal has commanded you to do." - Exodus 35:1 Torah Exodus 35:1–38:20 Haftarah II Kings 12:5-18 [historic: II Kings 12:1-17] Shabbat Sh'kalim When March 9, 2024 / 29 Adar I 5784 Learn More Next Week's Torah Portion P'kudei[The] Records [of the Tabernacle]פְקוּדֵי Learn More Explore Jewish Life and Get Inspired! Subscribe for Emails First Name Last Name Email Address What's New Pay Equity Image WRJ's Legacy of Championing Equitable Pay for All March 5, 2024 March 12 marks Equal Pay Day, which is intended to draw attention to the ongoing disparity in earnings between men and women. March 12 marks how long it takes a woman, on average, to earn the same amount as their male counterparts did the previous year. Ten Minutes of Torah Image Vayikra 5784 Haikus March 4, 2024 These Haikus focus on weekly Torah portions. Jewish History Image Women of Valor: Revisiting Biblical Role Models March 1, 2024 Focusing this contemporary lens on Deborah and Yael reveals a story of women acting so outside of expected norms that I stand in awe and am compelled to magnify their adventures for our own times. View More Support Reform Judaism Support ReformJudaism.org and enable us to provide comprehensive resources for over three million users each year! Donate Now Explore Upcoming Jewish Holidays Image PurimMarch 23, 2024 - March 24, 2024 Purim is a joyous holiday that affirms and celebrates Jewish survival and continuity throughout history. The main communal celebration involves a public reading—usually in the... Image PassoverApril 22, 2024 - April 29, 2024 Passover (Pesach in Hebrew) is a major Jewish spring festival, celebrating freedom and family as we remember the Exodus from Egypt more than 3,000 years... Image Yom HaShoahMay 5, 2024 - May 6, 2024 Yom HaShoah, also known as Holocaust Remembrance Day, occurs on the 27th of the Hebrew month of Nisan . View More Email Signup First Name Last Name Email Address About Reform Judaism Blog Contact Us Privacy Statement & Terms of Use 2024 Union for Reform Judaism Our Other Sites Association of Reform Zionists of America (ARZA) ARZA Canada Reform Jewish Community of Canada Women of Reform Judaism Men of Reform Judaism All Reform Movement Sites 2024 Union for Reform Judaism Image Discover Jewish Wisdom Today Deepen your knowledge through adult Jewish education. Connect with Judaism through our adult classes. First Name Last Name Email Address Postal Code