Awesome Stuff and Cool Things : The Awesomer When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Shop Gifts Tech Videos Style Living Luxury Funny Rides Art/Design Games Music Leisure Suggest a Story | 95Octane | Buy Awesomer Merch Get Our Newsletter Bags Books DIY Drinks Food Furniture Gadgets Movies Short Films Shoes Tools Toys Watches Leather Playing Card Case Buy Ready to throw down in a game of Go Fish? Carry your favorite playing card deck in this handsome leather case from Misc Goods Co. It’s made in the USA from vegetable-tanned leather, hand-stitched with waxed cotton thread and comes packed Misc’s Black deck, featuring crisp line-art illustrations, black backs, and a black-and-gold tuck case. Share Check It Out Turning Steel Bolts into a Combination Lock Link Iron and steel are the most recyclable materials on Earth. So it’s no wonder we often see items made by melting and reforging metal. In this video from Maker B, the machinist shows us how he took an assortment of steel bolts and removed their threads to create the parts for a working combination lock – no melting required. He made the dial from a brass rod. Share Check It Out Advertisement I Saw the TV Glow (Trailer) Link As kids, Owen and his friend bonded over a campy monster show. Now grown up, Owen discovers that his once-favorite series is available to stream. But something about it feels off. Director Jane Schoenbrun’s follow-up to We’re All Going to the World’s Fair is a horror film about escapism and repression. Premieres 5.3.2024. Share Check It Out Thunderstruck in Gaelic Link AC/DC sant all of its songs in English. Irish student band TG Lurgan performed this unique cover of the band’s hit Thunderstruck in traditional Gaeilge (aka Gaelic). If you’d like to sing along, the word “toirneach” means “thunder,” and “tintreach” means “lightning.” The band has also done gaelic covers of songs by Oasis, The Killers, and Billie Eilish. Share Check It Out 2024 Dodge Charger Daytona Dodge doubles down on its commitment to muscle cars with an all-new Charger Daytona. In 2024, we’ll get pure-electric R/T, Scat Pack, and Scat Pack w/Track Pack models, while a gas-powered Hurricane turbo-6 model is coming in 2025. The sleek, wide ride will come in 2-door and 4-door versions, each with hatchback instead of a trunk. Share Check It Out Turning a Dune 2 Popcorn Bucket Into a Diorama Link AMC’s promotional Dune 2 popcorn bucket is the subject of many memes. While most of us can’t get our minds out of the gutter, Adam Savage saw the cursed bucket top as an opportunity to build a geeky diorama, turning the bucket back into a proper sandworm by building a foam and resin sand dune and adding a tiny Paul Atreides and a 3D-printed ornithopter. Share Check It Out Xbox Series X SpongeBob Edition Link Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? SpongeBox X-Pants! Microsoft’s game console is the ideal canvas for SpongeBob’s boxy yellow body. The special $699 bundle comes with a colorful cartoon character controller and the game Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl 2 packed in. Grab one starting 3.7.2024 via Best Buy Drops on the Best Buy Mobile App. Share Check It Out Advertisement Rimowa Pilot Case Buy Rimowa remade the carry-on for pilots into a luxurious looker. The metal Pilot Case opens from the top, making it easy to store and access large items. Its exterior is made of grooved anodized aluminum that comes in either silver or black. It has a removable padded pouch for laptops up to 16″ and rolls smoothly on double casters. Share Check It Out Pencil Sharpener Bushcraft Hacks Link Did you know that a pencil sharpener can help you start a fire? John from Woodsbound Outdoors shows us how a the right kind of metal sharpener can provide magnesium to spark a fire and shave wood from branches for tinder. As a bonus, the leftover sticks have a sharpened tip you can use for hunting. Share Check It Out Buri Utility Knife Buy Gear Aid’s versatile drop-point knife is ideal for outdoor adventures. It has a titanium-coated 3″ steel blade with straight and serrated edges, plus a glass breaker and bottle opener at its rear. Its full tang construction means long life, and it comes with a quick-release sheath that can be mounted to webbing or a belt. Share Check It Out Mass-Producing Sandwiches Link We like to make our own sandwiches. But a store-bought sandwich might have to do when you’re in a pinch. This video from How It’s Made takes us inside a factory that cranks out sandwiches, where humans and machines work hand-in-robo-hand to create lunches for thousands every day. Yep, there’s a robot designed solely to apply mayonnaise. Share Check It Out KNKG Conquer Backpack Buy Want a gym bag that doesn’t look like a gym bag? KNKG’s Conquer Backpack is the perfect workout companion, with its removable dividers and zippered pockets for separating items like sneakers, toiletries, headphones, and other accessories. It’s got MOLLE webbing on the front, an attachment for an optional weightlifting belt, and comes in 19-liter and 38-liter sizes. Share Check It Out Advertisement Ghostwriter AI Typewriter Link AI tools like ChatGPT are incredibly powerful. Backed by large language models, these systems can create convincingly detailed text, write code, and answer questions. Interaction designer Arvind Sanjeev turned a Brother electric typewriter into an interface to GPT-3. Users can type a prompt, and the AI types its response on the same sheet of paper. Share Check It Out LIFX Outdoor Neon Flex Light Buy The Outdoor Neon Flex is an RGBW LED light strip with an IP67 water resistance rating. This 16-foot-long flexible LED strip has 60 addressable color zones and outputs up to 1250 lumens. It’s compatible with Matter for compatibility with other smart home devices and can be controlled with the LIFX mobile app. Share Check It Out Can You Blow Your Own Sail? and Other Physics Questions Link If you put a powerful fan on a boat and blew it at its sail, would the boat move? Engineer Mark Rober channels Mr. Wizard with a series of experiments and easy-to-understand explanations of this and six other perplexing physics questions. He also debunks a viral video along the way. Share Check It Out Braun x Hodinkee BN0279 Watch Buy Watch shop Hodinkee teamed up with minimalist design house Braun to create the BN0279. The grey 40mm mechanical watch is as simple as it gets, with hints of color calling back to Braun’s alarm clocks from the 70s. It’s available with either a second hand or a sub-second dial; each limited to 100 units. Share Check It Out Walk Like a Egyptian: Bluegrass Edition Link Hey-oh-way-o! In 1986, The Bangles had a hit on their hands with their unstoppable pop-rock track Walk Like an Egyptian. The song was quirky on its own merits, but this country-bluegrass performance from The Cleverlys on Country Road takes it to a whole new level. Like that? Check out their cover of CeeLo Green’s profanity-free Forget You. Share Check It Out Dreamfarm Flegg Egg Flipper Buy Link Dreamfarm is always coming up with useful and unique kitchen gadgets. The Flegg is designed to cook perfectly round eggs for breakfast sandwiches and topping off ramen. Made from heat-resistant, non-stick silicone, it perfectly contains a single egg, can flip it over and deposit it onto your plate. Sold as a set of two. Share Check It Out Making an Ultra Thin Grilled Cheese Sandwich Link YouTuber 研師Ryota gives us a lot in just a minute. He cut a loaf of bread into slices that are thinner than your typical sliced cheese. He then alternately piled them with cheese slices before grilling them. Mouthwatering ASMR. Now, to find a knife like that. Share Check It Out Swiss Army Nail Clip 580 Buy Bigger Swiss Army knives may include some of the grooming tools found on this Victorinox pocket tool, but this one adds a nail clipper. It’s also got a 1.75″ straight blade, a nail cleaner, serrated-edge scissors, tweezers, a toothpick, and a keychain ring. Available with a solid red, transluscent ruby, or walnut wood handle. Share Check It Out Desert Mountain Roller Coaster Link Most roller coasters don’t incorporate the local environment. The Jais Sledder is a single-car coaster built into a mountain. Coaster Studios takes us on a ride filled with thrilling twists and turns while taking in the rocky desert scenery of the United Arab Emirates. It takes over six minutes to climb to the top, but the downhill part looks worth it. Share Check It Out Vollebak 100-Year Zip Through Hoodie Buy The latest version of Vollebak’s immortal hoodie is much softer and lighter than its predecessors. The 100-Year Zip Through Hoodie resists fire, water, wind, scrapes, and extreme temperatures. It also has four large zipped and water-resistant pockets. Available in green and black. Share Check It Out Barrell Foundation Bourbon Link Barrell Craft Spirits’ new Foundation Bourbon is more nuanced than its 5-year label might lead you to believe. This sippable spirit is a balanced 100-proof blend of whiskeys from Kentucky, Indiana, Tennessee, and Maryland. It kicks off with a sweet and honeyed fragrance, complemented by a spicy mix of cinnamon and dark chocolate as it hits your tongue. Share Check It Out ADVERTISEMENT Next » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 3005 Next » Home | About | Suggest | Contact | Team | Links | Privacy | DisclosureAdvertise | Facebook | Twitter | Pinterest | Sites We Like Awesome Stuff: The Awesomer | Cool Cars: 95Octane Site Design & Content © 2008-2024 Awesomer Media / The Awesomer™