Home - UMass Boston honeypot link Skip to Main Navigation Skip to Search Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Links UMass Toggle Main Menu Request Info Visit Apply Give Admissions Admissions Overview Visit UMass Boston Financial Aid First-Year Students Transfer Students Graduate Students International Students Veterans Academics Academics Overview Majors & Programs Online Learning Colleges & Schools Academic Calendar Healey Library Student Equity, Access & Success Global Programs Study Abroad Fellowships Campus Life Campus Life Overview Student Groups & Activities Housing & Dining Health & Wellness Diversity & Inclusion Safety & Security Orientation & New Students Events Research Research Overview Community-Driven Research Recognizing Excellence Student Research Centers & Institutes Core Facilities Research & Sponsored Programs About About Overview Leadership & Administration Mission & Vision Facts & Figures Accreditation & Rankings History of UMass Boston Student Consumer Information News Athletics Athletics Overview Recreation at UMass Boston Current Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Alumni Toggle Search Search UMass Request Info Visit Apply Toggle Main Menu Admissions Admissions Overview Visit UMass Boston Financial Aid First-Year Students Transfer Students Graduate Students International Students Veterans Academics Academics Overview Majors & Programs Online Learning Colleges & Schools Academic Calendar Healey Library Student Equity, Access & Success Global Programs Study Abroad Fellowships Campus Life Campus Life Overview Student Groups & Activities Housing & Dining Health & Wellness Diversity & Inclusion Safety & Security Orientation & New Students Events Research Research Overview Community-Driven Research Recognizing Excellence Student Research Centers & Institutes Core Facilities Research & Sponsored Programs About About Overview Leadership & Administration Mission & Vision Facts & Figures Accreditation & Rankings History of UMass Boston Student Consumer Information News Athletics Athletics Overview Recreation at UMass Boston Current Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Alumni Toggle Search Search Current Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Alumni Request Info Visit Apply Give UMass Boston Current Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Alumni Request Info Visit Apply Give Pause Background Video A Universityfor the Times Explore Apply by June 15 Future undergraduates, apply now to join UMass Boston for the fall semester! Applications are due by June 15. Apply Now Close Timely Update Message Find Your Passion, Launch Your Future Find Your Passion, Launch Your Future Ready for an education that inspires you? Use our Program Finder to explore our 200+ undergraduate and graduate programs—including in-person, hybrid, and online options. Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Online Programs Open Video Modal A Campus that Reflects Our Diverse World UMass Boston welcomes, champions, and celebrates diversity. We are proud to be the most diverse college campus in New England, and the third most diverse in the U.S. Become a Beacon and enrich our community with your unique background and experience. UMass Boston is a very diverse school. A lot of schools claim that they are, but I feel it here. I've always embraced my self-expression with my tattoos and then being in the queer community, and I've always felt accepted here. Harley Play Video I'm a first-generation student. My parents didn't get the opportunity to graduate from college, and to be here I'm not only fulfilling my dream, but I'm fulfilling my family dream—my parents' dream. Anjali Play Video I work at Fenway, I study at UMass Boston, I live in Charlestown. Being here is really a dream come true for me. I can't even actually believe that this is my life. I'm really excited for my future because it looks so different than what I had planned and what I thought. This injury started off as something I thought was going to end my life, and it ended up opening so many doors—and UMass Boston was one of them. Stefan Play Video The thing about UMass Boston is the professors are very passionate about what they teach... They're able to open a lot of doors, and they do provide a lot of resources for you. Eden Play Video When it comes to my impact on the world, I want it to be through music. And hopefully what I teach my students, they can teach to their students, creating music together to bring a positive change to the world. Mya-Jai Play Video First day at campus, I was really scared because it was a different language, a different culture. My whole life changed, but everyone was so welcoming and made me feel safe. I was really happy. It was a huge opportunity. It was a new start in my life. I want to be an ambassador because I want to give voice to those people that don't have a voice. Valerie Play Video Our People 66% of new students identify as BIPOC 55% of new students are the first in their family to go to college 136 countries are represented on UMass Boston’s campus News at UMass Boston Explore All News Physics Professor Mohamed Amine Gharbi Receives NSF CAREER Award 02/28/2024 | Physics Department UMass Boston Earns Silver STARS Rating for Sustainability Achievements 02/14/2024 | Danielle Bilotta Dr. Ram Ramanathan Headlines Chancellor’s Lecture Series, Offers Path to Climate Resiliency 11/23/2023 | Crystal Valencia Boston Connection Take the free shuttle to public transit and head to an internship downtown, catch a play in the Theater District, or cheer on the Red Sox at Fenway Park. Try a bánh mì sandwich in Dorchester or explore the murals in Roxbury. Become a part of this thriving, energetic city. UMass Boston student Stefan G. volunteers at Fenway Park Boston's Theater District includes more than a dozen historic venues where you can see everything from modern dance to Broadway shows Boston's Public Garden, established 1837, was the first public botanical garden in America Boston's Chinatown is the epicenter of Asian-American culture in New England "Breathe Life" mural by Rob 'ProBlak' Gibbs in Boston's historically Black Roxbury neighborhood Grabbing a bánh mì sandwich in Boston's Dorchester neighborhood, a hot spot for Vietnamese food and culture Boston's Freedom Trail and Black Heritage Trail connect dozens of sites significant to the history of the United States Enjoying a fall day on Boston Common, established 1634, the oldest city park in the United States Next Steps Request Info Visit Campus Start Your Application UMass 100 Morrissey Blvd.Boston, MA 02125617.287.5000 Contact UMass Boston Directory Employment Civil Rights & Title IX Map Safety & Security Transportation Document Converter Website Requests Back To Top Instagram Facebook LinkedIn TikTok YouTube Copyright © University of Massachusetts Boston UMass System Accessibility Statement Privacy & Terms