Missive ‐ Team Email, Chat & Tasks arrow-rightCreated with Sketch. arrow-left-bigCreated with Sketch. arrow-right button-arrow ChromeCreated with Sketch. external feature-compose FirefoxCreated with Sketch. linkCreated with Sketch. missive missive-logotype safari share-facebook share-linkedin share-twitter share-linkedin windowsCreated with Sketch. Pricing Features Blog Help Log in Book a demo Get started Menu Close ✨ Try our new AI integration! The team inbox and chat app empowering teams to truly collaborate around email SMS WhatsApp Messenger Instagram live chat custom We redesigned the inbox with a business-first collaborative experience in mind. With Missive, teams focus on growing their business. Try it for free Book a demo 3250+ innovative teams across 75+ countries trust Missive Accountability. Always know who’s working on what. Efficiency. All your communication channels, shared or private in a single app. Clarity. See the whole picture, team by team. Team Work. Collaborate around any kind of shared inbox: email, sms, webchat, etc. Focus. With scoped conversations, nothing gets missed or buried. Accountability. Always know who’s working on what. Efficiency. All your communication channels, shared or private in a single app. Clarity. See the whole picture, team by team. Team Work. Collaborate around any kind of shared inbox: email, sms, webchat, etc. Focus. With scoped conversations, nothing gets missed or buried. Discover all features By far the best product support I've ever experienced. You guys are heroes. 🙇‍♂️ Richard Ludlow | Audio Director at Hexany Audio I can safely say Missive has been the most revolutionary change in our process optimization this year. Tim Renders ∙ CEO at Entre les lignes Agency on LinkedIn I love Missive, solid product and so great for my EA and I to collaborate on my email. Joel Gascoigne ∙ CEO at Buffer on Twitter Dude missive is just the best. Absolute master craft piece of software. Love using it daily. Damien C. Tanner on Twitter The best app for managing your communication processes with a team. You can't get better. Will Matthiessen on Trustpilot Absolutely adore Missive. I've been using it for 4 years now and couldn't think of a better way to collaborate externally. Jeremy Cai ∙ CEO at Italic.com on Product Hunt The absolute best email client. Nothing else to say, and I tried many, many email clients. Try it and you will love it. Patrick on Trustpilot Missive helps my team and I stay focused. Keeping us from flipping screens helps us get things done. Missive delivers on this front with its basic philosophy about asynchronous communication. Trevor G. on G2 Crowd So happy we use Missive. We’ve used them for several years, since they were an early-stage startup. It’s been really great to see the product and company mature, and we’ll definitely continue to use Missive for many years. Andrew R. ∙ Co-founder at Canny on Capterra Read more reviews Enrich your workflow Integrate Missive with: Create and edit ClickUp tasks directly from Missive. Learn more Search and add animated GIFs to a conversation. Learn more Manage your Sales Hub contacts and deals from your inbox. Learn more Quickly compose, reply, and translate messages with AI directly in Missive. Learn more Connect your data with Missive without code Learn more See your Salesforce's lead contacts, opportunities, tasks, and notes directly in Missive. Learn more Preview your customer orders right in your inbox. Learn more Connect Missive to 3,000+ apps to automate your work. Learn more Discover all integrations Customer Stories Hexany Audio By far the best product support I've ever experienced. You guys are heroes! Read story DataChef We tested five different tools and Missive just came out as the best by far. Read story Uncute It just works. You can really use it and you can share things in a way that is predictable. Read story Canny Missive helps our team make sure emails are handled quickly and effortlessly. Read story Nixa Everybody was complaining all the time about previous tools. When I implemented Missive, nobody complained! Read story Senders I’ll never use an other email client because I can’t do any of the things that I need to do, I just can't do them without Missive anymore. Read story Smplrspace The ability to have everyone @mention in a conversation so that people know what's happening, that's invaluable for us. Read story Gigatronix If you're coming to Missive from just a Gmail inbox, and Gmail's really good, it will change your business. Read story Lionize Since we've switched to Missive, we've dramatically reduced our response time. Read story Italic Missive is more important to me than Slack. It’s a powerful solution to a deep-rooted challenge… Read story Pipedrive With Missive, we noticed more and better cooperation within the team. Read story Growth Alliance Missive allows us to feel like we're working in the same room even if we're 10,000 miles apart. Read story Tomahawk.VC Missive helps me find the best investment opportunities among thousands of emails. Read story LANDR Missive helps us solve and route customer inquiries efficiently. Read story Create Designs Missive increases our bottom line profit by saving time and effort. Read story Try Missive now No credit card needed Get started Book a demo 4.8 /5 4.8 /5 4.9 /5 4.8 /5 4.8 /5 Featured on the blog 8 Best Help Scout Alternatives for 2024 (With Features & Prices) Product Book a demo Features Integrations Pricing Download Help Center Changelog Developer Log in Company Blog About Contact Status Customer Stories Referral program 💰 How do we compare? Missive vs Spark Missive vs Slack Missive vs Outpost Missive vs Help Scout Missive vs Front app Missive vs Superhuman Missive vs Office 365 Shared Mailbox Missive vs Gmelius Missive vs Hiver Missive vs Helpwise © 2024 Missive · Privacy Policy · Security · Terms Menu Close