University of California | Office of The President Skip to Main Content University of California Office of the President Main Menu Jobs People search Systemwide UC celebrates far-out women for Women's History Month UC has sent more women to space than any other school in the solar system. Read the article Civic Engagement Cast your vote! Vote early, by mail or at the polls on Election Day — and make your voice heard! Read the article Systemwide UC at a glance See how we’re improving the lives of people in California and around the world. Review the fact sheet Divisions & Departments Academic Affairs Academic Affairs We are a systemwide resource for academic excellence in research, teaching and public service. Departments Academic Personnel & Programs Graduate, Undergraduate and Equity Affairs Institutional Research & Academic Planning Research & Innovation Ethics, Compliance & Audit Services External Relations & Communications External Relations & Communications We build public understanding and support for the university's mission. Departments Communications Federal Governmental Relations Institutional Advancement Legislative Analysis State Governmental Relations Systemwide Office of Civil Rights Systemwide Office of Civil Rights The University of California strives to be a fair and just learning, working, and living environment and we must be responsive when issues arise that hinder us from achieving that goal. Departments Systemwide Anti-Discrimination Office Systemwide Title IX Office UC Finance UC Finance We oversee systemwide financial management. Departments Budget Analysis and Planning Budget Analysis and Planning Financial Management UC Controller Procurement Services Risk Services UC Investments UC Legal UC National Laboratories UC Operations UC Operations We oversee and develop policy for the university's business operations. Departments Systemwide Human Resources Information Technology Services Operational Services Strategy and Program Management Office Workplace Inclusion and Belonging University of California Health Featured UCOP Strategic Framework Systemwide Community Safety Coronavirus updates for UCOP employees UCOP's Future of Work Office of the Ombuds UC Whistleblower Student data Academic Personnel and Compensation Personnel Policies for Staff Members Policy search Electronic Accessibility Find People First Name Last Name Department The President “The University of California is one of the great values in higher education in this country … We’ve always had a policy of access, affordability and excellence.” Learn more about President Michael V. Drake, M.D. Contact Us University of California Office of the President 1111 Franklin Street Oakland, CA 94607 Maps and directions to UCOP locations UCOP Staff Resources Navigating UCOP Link newsletter Office of the Ombuds UCOP Human Resources UCOP Staff Assembly UCPath UCnet