National Library of Medicine - National Institutes of Health Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Products and Services All Products and Services ClinicalTrials.gov Digital Collections LocatorPlus Catalog Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) MedlinePlus PubMed/MEDLINE Unified Medical Language System (UMLS) Resources for You For Researchers For Publishers For Librarians For Educators/Trainers For Health care Professionals For the Public Explore NLM About the Library Visit the Library History of Medicine NLM by Organization News, Events, and Updates Grants and Research NLM Extramural Programs NLM Intramural Research Program National Center for Biotechnology Information Lister Hill National Center for Biomedical Communications Accelerating Biomedical Discovery and Data-Powered Health PubMed Citations for biomedical literature MedlinePlus Reliable, up-to-date health information for you Open-i An experimental multimedia search engine MeSH Medical Subject Headings ClinicalTrials.gov A database of clinical studies, worldwide BLAST Basic Local Alignment Search Tool News and Highlights Musings from the Mezzanine Circulating Now NCBI Insights NLM Announcements Technical Bulletin NIH Virtual Tour: National Library of Medicine The National Library of Medicine (NLM) is the world's largest biomedical library and a national resource for health professionals, scientists, and the public. News Spotlight NLM Researchers Solve an Enzyme Mystery Despite identifying urobilin as the yellow pigment in urine more than 125 years ago, the enzyme responsible for its production has remained a mystery. Now, NLM Intramural Research Program investigator Xiaofang Jiang, PhD, and her team have identified the microbial enzyme responsible for giving urine its yellow hue. The results found that this enzyme is almost always present in the guts of healthy adults but is often missing in young infants and adults with Inflammatory Bowel Disease. These findings have the potential to guide future work related to developing new probiotic therapies that could lead to clinical improvements and outcomes for patients. Their paper, “Discovery of a gut microbial enzyme that reduces bilirubin to urobilinogen,” was published in the journal Nature Microbiology. Watch the video to learn more! Research at NLM NLM Intramural Research Program Intramural research at NLM consists of the development and application of computational approaches to a broad range of problems in biomedicine, molecular biology, and health. READ RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS | MEET OUR PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATORS | EXPLORE TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES Historical Collections at NLM Biomedical and Clinical Informatics at NLM Health IT and Health Data Standards Efficient health care information exchange in the US and worldwide is made possible by NLM’s work with IT Data Standards. Learn about NLM’s contributions to Health IT Unified Medical Language System (UMLS) Terminology Services This set of tooling services brings together many health and biomedical vocabularies and standards to enable interoperability between computer systems. Explore UMLS Biomedical Informatics Training Program This training program provides biomedical and clinical informatics training and research opportunities for individuals at various stages in their career. Investigate training opportunities About NLM History The Library started as a shelf of books in the Surgeon General’s office in 1836 but has grown to a collection of millions of print and electronic resources. Explore our past Organization The diverse centers, divisions, advisory bodies and other organizational units that make up NLM contribute in myriad ways to the Library’s mission. Explore the Library Strategic Plan This ten year plan outlines NLM's role in a future where data and information transform and accelerate biomedical discovery and improve health and health care. VIEW OUR STRATEGIC PLAN Connect with NLM National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike Bethesda, MD 20894 Web Policies FOIA HHS Vulnerability Disclosure NLM Support Center Accessibility Careers NLM | NIH | HHS | USA.gov