The White House Skip to content The White House The White House The White House Home Administration Priorities The Record Briefing Room Español InstagramOpens in a new window FacebookOpens in a new window XOpens in a new window YouTubeOpens in a new window Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accessibility Statement Menu Close To search this site, enter a search term Search Mobile Menu Overlay Administration Show submenu for “Administration”” President Joe Biden Vice President Kamala Harris First Lady Dr. Jill Biden Second Gentleman Douglas Emhoff The Cabinet Executive Offices Show submenu for “Executive Offices”” Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality Domestic Policy Council Gender Policy Council National Economic Council National Security Council National Space Council Office of Intergovernmental Affairs Office of Management and Budget Office of the National Cyber Director Office of National Drug Control Policy Office of Public Engagement Office of Science and Technology Policy Office of the United States Trade Representative Climate Policy Office Presidential Personnel Office Priorities Briefing Room The White House Show submenu for “The White House”” Presidents First Families The Grounds Our Government Get Involved Show submenu for “Get Involved”” Write or Call The White House Join Us White House Fellows White House Internship Program The Record Disclosures Español Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accessibility Statement InstagramOpens in a new window FacebookOpens in a new window XOpens in a new window YouTubeOpens in a new window The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, DC 20500 To search this site, enter a search term Search Explore White House Resources Topics: Invest.gov Infrastructure Reproductive Rights Clean Energy Vaccines.gov Readout of President Biden and Vice President Harris’s Meeting with Congressional Leadership on Government Funding and the Bipartisan National Security Supplemental Briefing Room February 28, 2024 President Biden’s Current Health Summary, February 2024 February 28, 2024 Statement from President Joe Biden on Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell February 28, 2024 Remarks by President Biden on his Actions to Fight Crime and Make our Communities Safer February 28, 2024 Executive Order on Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern February 27, 2024 FACT SHEET: The Biden-⁠Harris Administration Announces Nearly $1.7 Billion in New Commitments Cultivated Through the White House Challenge to End Hunger and Build Healthy Communities February 26, 2024 Readout of Afro-Latino Heritage Day Event February 24, 2024 Remarks by President Biden at the Governors Ball Dinner February 24, 2024 Statement from President Joe Biden on the Loss of Two National Guardsmen February 24, 2024 Statement from President Joe Biden on the Successful Landing of the Odysseus Lunar Craft View All You have JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use this feature. Featured Media Today, I met with all four Congressional leaders about the urgency of keeping our government open and passing the bipartisan national security supplemental. It was great to return to Late Night, ten years after Seth's inaugural episode. The Border Patrol agents, law enforcement officers, and asylum officers I met with today reiterated what we already know: They desperately need more resources – more agents, judges, equipment – to secure our border. A common play button icon with a circle surrounding a triangle pointing right I’m never going to stop fighting for hardworking American families. Our police chiefs know that when communities trust police, we can solve crimes a lot faster. A common play button icon with a circle surrounding a triangle pointing right American citizens deserve peace of mind that their sensitive data – ranging from health and financial data to location records – are protected from countries of concern. House Republicans should stop playing politics and pass the bipartisan border agreement we reached in the Senate, the toughest and fairest reforms in decades. Brave Ukrainian soldiers and civilians are dying. And Russia made its first notable gains in Ukraine in nearly a year. But here in America, the Speaker gave the House a two-week vacation. During Women’s History Month, our Administration recognizes the long, storied history of great women helping to realize our nation’s founding promise and highest aspirations. Previous Media Next Media Close Loading… Today, I met with all four Congressional leaders about the urgency of keeping our government open and passing the bipartisan national security supplemental. It was great to return to Late Night, ten years after Seth's inaugural episode. The Border Patrol agents, law enforcement officers, and asylum officers I met with today reiterated what we already know: They desperately need more resources – more agents, judges, equipment – to secure our border. I’m never going to stop fighting for hardworking American families. Our police chiefs know that when communities trust police, we can solve crimes a lot faster. American citizens deserve peace of mind that their sensitive data – ranging from health and financial data to location records – are protected from countries of concern. House Republicans should stop playing politics and pass the bipartisan border agreement we reached in the Senate, the toughest and fairest reforms in decades. Brave Ukrainian soldiers and civilians are dying. And Russia made its first notable gains in Ukraine in nearly a year. But here in America, the Speaker gave the House a two-week vacation. During Women’s History Month, our Administration recognizes the long, storied history of great women helping to realize our nation’s founding promise and highest aspirations. Close Investing in the American People From rebuilding our infrastructure to lowering costs for families, President Biden’s economic agenda is investing in America. Investing in America Affordable Connectivity Program Infrastructure Projects Clean Energy Child Tax Credit We Want to Hear From You Send a text message to President Biden, or contact the White House. Message and data rates may apply.Reply HELP for help or STOP to cancel. Send Text Contact Us Get Involved Write or call the White House Join the Biden-Harris Administration Apply to be a White House Fellow Internship Opportunities at the White House TheWhite House Learn more about the current administration, our country’s former presidents, and the official residence. The Administration President Biden Vice President Harris The Cabinet Offices About The White House Past Presidents First Families The Grounds Our Government Home The Administration Executive Offices Priorities The Record Briefing Room The White House Disclosures Get Involved Español Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Accessibility Statement InstagramOpens in a new window FacebookOpens in a new window XOpens in a new window YouTubeOpens in a new window The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, DC 20500 WH.gov