BGR | Tech & Entertainment News, Reviews, & Deals Subscribe BGR logo Follow BGR on X Follow BGR on Google News Follow BGR on Instagram Subscribe to BGR on YouTube Like BGR on Facebook search close Search close News close Tech Entertainment Science Business Lifestyle Reviews Best Guides Deals More close Accessories Apps & Software Audio Cameras Cars Computers Gaming Home & Kitchen Home Theater How To Jobs Mobile Security Shows Smart Home Space Tablets About Us Sign up for our daily newsletter Subscribe Follow BGR on X Follow BGR on Google News Follow BGR on Instagram Subscribe to BGR on YouTube Like BGR on Facebook About BGR Advertising Contact Us TRENDING: iOS 18 iPhone 16 Apple Vision Pro Review Google Gemini iPhone Sideloading Connect AirPods Best Deals New on Netflix Epic Games Store Free Games No Caller ID Latest Satellites burning up on re-entry might not be as harmless as we thought For years, the main way of cleaning up space junk and retired satellites has been to let them burn up as they reenter Earth’s atmosphere. … Science Joshua Hawkins A new Avengers: Secret Wars rumor points to Iron Man’s return Entertainment Chris Smith Entertainment Chris Smith 9 hours ago Instagram will now let you fix that embarrassing DM you sent by mistake Tech Joe Wituschek Tech Joe Wituschek 10 hours ago The Luft Pinoy is both an EV and an eVTOL system Science Joshua Hawkins 10 hours ago Xbox Partner Preview March 2024: How to watch and what to expect Entertainment Joe Wituschek 11 hours ago Law & Order creator Dick Wolf, one of the most successful TV producers ever, is heading to Netflix Entertainment Andy Meek 11 hours ago 5 of Netflix’s grittiest, must-watch crime series that I can’t recommend enough Entertainment Andy Meek 11 hours ago Is the M3 MacBook Air worth it? Here’s how it compares to older models Tech José Adorno 12 hours ago Apple threw external display support into chaos with its M3 MacBook Air Tech Joe Wituschek 13 hours ago Dune: Awakening is shaping up to be the next survival game sensation Entertainment Jacob Siegal 13 hours ago Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin targets 2025 for first moon landing Blue Origin, Jeff Bezos’ SpaceX competitor, is targeting 2025 for its first uncrewed moon landing. The reveal came via John Couluris, the Senior Vice President … Science Joshua Hawkins 14 hours ago Science Joshua Hawkins 14 hours ago iPhone SE 4 looks like a budget iPhone 14 in new leaked renders Ever since the third-generation iPhone SE launched in March 2022, we have been speculating about the iPhone SE 4. Would Apple finally update the design … Tech Jacob Siegal 15 hours ago Tech Jacob Siegal 15 hours ago HBO just debuted the biggest TV disappointment of 2024 so far I expected more from the network that’s already given us biting political satire like Veep, as well as one of most tyrannical despots to ever … Entertainment Andy Meek 16 hours ago Entertainment Andy Meek 16 hours ago iOS 18 is all about iPhone AI, and Apple’s M3 MacBook Air announcement is proof A report over the weekend said Apple’s spring 2024 product updates aren’t going to warrant a March event. The OLED iPad Pro and M3 MacBook … Tech Chris Smith 17 hours ago Tech Chris Smith 17 hours ago tvOS 17.4 RC now available to Apple TV users With tvOS 17.4 RC now available, Apple doesn’t have notable features for this software update. However, this beta cycle was full of references for unreleased … Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago watchOS 10.4 RC adds four new features for Apple Watch users With watchOS 10.4 launching soon, Apple has now released its RC version. While watchOS 10.3 was a minor update, this one has some interesting new features … Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Apple releases macOS 14.4 RC after M3 MacBook Air announcement After announcing the new M3 MacBook Air this morning, Apple is now releasing macOS 14.4 RC. While macOS 14.3 was already a mild update, 14.4 doesn’t look … Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago visionOS 1.1 RC now available to Apple Vision Pro developers A week after seeding beta 4, Apple is now releasing visionOS 1.1 RC to developers. This is the first main testing version of this spatial … Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Tech José Adorno 17 hours ago Best Apple deals for March 2024 Apple deals are harder and harder to spot, but our expert commerce team continuously tracks prices, sales, and deals throughout the week. That includes the … Deals Maren Estrada 17 hours ago Deals Maren Estrada 17 hours ago Don’t expect Apple to tell you when iPhone sideloading is coming to the US It’s a big week for the European Union’s Digital Markets Act (DMA) legislation. The companies deemed to be tech gatekeepers in the EU, and those … Tech Chris Smith 18 hours ago Tech Chris Smith 18 hours ago Today’s deals: LG OLED TVs, 15% off Galaxy S24 series, Bose sale, GE appliances, Square Reader, more A fresh new week means fresh new deals, and we found so many impressive sales on Monday. LG OLED TVs are up to 51% off … Deals Maren Estrada 19 hours ago Deals Maren Estrada 19 hours ago Max password sharing crackdown might start sooner than you thought Netflix proved that cracking down on password sharing can be quite lucrative. Despite the online protests from people threatening to cancel their subscriptions after the … Tech Chris Smith 20 hours ago Tech Chris Smith 20 hours ago iOS 18: Release date, AI, supported iPhones, and everything we know iOS 18 is Apple‘s upcoming operating system for its iPhone models, including the rumored iPhone 16. Expected to be announced during the WWDC 2024 keynote, … Guides José Adorno 20 hours ago Guides José Adorno 20 hours ago M1 MacBook Air was just discontinued – get one for $750 before it’s gone for good Our guide on the best Apple deals is packed full of sales on every type of Apple device you can think of. But today’s M1 … Deals Maren Estrada 21 hours ago Deals Maren Estrada 21 hours ago Apple quietly releases new iPhone 15 cases, but controversial FineWoven material is nowhere to be found Alongside the new M3 MacBook Air, Apple just released new iPhone 15 cases but with silicone cases only. The controversial FineWoven material is nowhere to … Tech José Adorno 21 hours ago Tech José Adorno 21 hours ago Apple announces M3 MacBook Air lineup ahead of March 8 release Apple just unveiled the M3 MacBook Air in two sizes, 13-inch and 15-inch configurations. Apple says this MacBook is up to 60 percent faster than … Tech José Adorno 22 hours ago Tech José Adorno 22 hours ago Sony WH-1000XM4 drop to $248, and other Sony headphones deals start at $60 Our guide on the best Sony headphones and earbuds makes it crystal clear that Sony is a leader in the headphones market. Along with Bose, … Deals Maren Estrada 22 hours ago Deals Maren Estrada 22 hours ago Apple fined $2 billion in EU following Spotify antitrust complaint The European Commission has fined Apple €1.8 billion (almost $2 billion) for anti-competitive behavior against Spotify. In a press release, the European Commission said it … Tech José Adorno 22 hours ago Tech José Adorno 22 hours ago Apple skipping its March event might mean boring iPad Pro and MacBook Air updates With several products expected to be released before WWDC 2024, it’s a shame that Apple might not hold a March event. According to Bloomberg’s Mark … Tech José Adorno 23 hours ago Tech José Adorno 23 hours ago OLED iPad Pro and M3 MacBook Air might launch this week, and here’s how I know Apple is widely expected to launch a new slate of iPads and the M3 MacBook Air models sometime this month or early April at the … Tech Chris Smith 23 hours ago Tech Chris Smith 23 hours ago iPad Pro 2024: Release date, price, specs, & everything we know Apple is expected to announce a new iPad Pro in the next few weeks. After a mild M2 update in late 2022, rumors indicate a … Guides José Adorno 24 hours ago Guides José Adorno 24 hours ago Apple Spring Event: OLED iPad Pro, M3 MacBook Air, new iPhone 15 color, and more rumors Apple usually holds spring events. With several rumors about new products, the company may be considering a presentation for the next month before it unveils … Tech José Adorno 24 hours ago Tech José Adorno 24 hours ago Furies: New Netflix action series is like a female version of John Wick, but set in France France is one of the many local markets around the world where Netflix has invested hundreds of millions of dollars in support of productions that … Entertainment Andy Meek 1 day ago Entertainment Andy Meek 1 day ago Is the iPhone 16 even worth waiting for? With the iPhone 16 expected to launch in eight months, is it actually worth waiting for? It all depends on what kind of customer you … Tech José Adorno 2 days ago Tech José Adorno 2 days ago Planet-forming disk has more water than Earth’s oceans A planet-forming disk with more water than all of Earth’s oceans has been discovered. The disk, which is located in the constellation Taurus, is 450 … Science Joshua Hawkins 2 days ago Science Joshua Hawkins 2 days ago How to claim your free year of MLB.TV from T-Mobile for 2024 Last year, T-Mobile announced that it was extending its partnership with Major League Baseball through 2028. As part of that arrangement, T-Mobile will continue to … Entertainment Jacob Siegal 2 days ago Entertainment Jacob Siegal 2 days ago Astronomers spot dead star with a ‘metal scar’ Astronomers spotted a “metal scar” on a white dwarf star found within our galaxy. After closer observation, the astronomers say the scar could be the … Science Joshua Hawkins 3 days ago Science Joshua Hawkins 3 days ago These 7 Netflix new releases will get March started off with a bang If you’re a Netflix subscriber and find yourself with time on your hands over the next week or so, good news — the streaming giant … Entertainment Andy Meek 3 days ago Entertainment Andy Meek 3 days ago We may finally know why clouds vanish during a solar eclipse For years, scientists have been confused by the effect that solar eclipses have on clouds. Not all clouds, mind you. But, whenever a solar eclipse … Science Joshua Hawkins 3 days ago Science Joshua Hawkins 3 days ago Google Messages blocking RCS on rooted Android devices is probably for the best What must be a very small subset of Android users should be very angry with Google for blocking RCS support in Google Messages on their … Tech Chris Smith 3 days ago Tech Chris Smith 3 days ago More Articles 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Stream These Now TV Shows 6 days ago Netflix Top 10: The most-watched shows in the world right now Movies 4 weeks ago The 73 best movies on Netflix: February 2024 Best 4 weeks ago The 105 best shows on Netflix: February 2024 TV Shows 4 weeks ago The best Apple TV+ shows to watch right now Movies 2 weeks ago New on Disney+: March 2024 More Entertainment Tech Wearables 3 months ago Apple banned from selling Apple Watch Series 9 and Ultra 2 in the US starting this week Audio 1 month ago How to factory reset your AirPods or AirPods Pro Mobile 11 months ago How to block spam texts on your iPhone Mobile 3 weeks ago iPhone 16: Everything we know so far More Tech Our Expert Team Streaming Expert Andy Meek Andy Meek is a reporter covering media, entertainment, and culture with over 20 years of experience. Apple Expert José Adorno José is a News Reporter at BGR, covering Apple, iOS, and Mac. Tech Expert Chris Smith Chris has been covering consumer electronics since 2008. News Expert Jacob Siegal Joined the news team in 2013, leads our tech coverage. Science Expert Joshua Hawkins Over a decade of writing, editing, and fact-checking expertise with science content. Tech Expert Joe Wituschek Covering the technology industry's breaking news, opinion pieces and reviews for over 10 years. Meet BGR's Team Reviews Mobile 2 weeks ago Samsung Galaxy S24 review: Unsurprisingly great Accessories 2 weeks ago GameSir Galileo G8 review: My iPhone 15 Pro is now the best Nintendo Switch ★★★★★ Home & Kitchen 2 weeks ago Nolah Evolution 15 mattress review: Update after 2 years Mobile 3 weeks ago OnePlus 12 review: Competing with the best, at a lower price More Reviews Best Deals News 6 days ago Best deals: Tech, laptops, TVs, and more sales Wearables 3 weeks ago Best Apple Watch deals for February 2024 News 1 week ago Amazon gift card deals, offers & coupons 2024: Get $430+ free Best 7 days ago Best AirPods deals and prices for February 2024 More Deals News & Reviews You Can Trust BGR’s audience craves our industry-leading insights on the latest in tech and entertainment, as well as our authoritative and expansive reviews. We guide our loyal readers to some of the best products, latest trends, and most engaging stories with non-stop coverage, available across all major news platforms. Editorial Standards How We Test Products Founded in 2006 Over 2 billion visitors 100K+ articles published Millions of readers helped Follow BGR on X Follow BGR on Google News Follow BGR on Instagram Subscribe to BGR on YouTube Like BGR on Facebook GREENWICH, CT Our Mission Statement Honest news coverage, reviews, and opinions since 2006. - Jonathan S. Geller, Founder News Tech Entertainment Science Reviews Deals Guides About BGR Advertising Contact Us Privacy Policy AdChoices Terms Of Use California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices EU Privacy Preferences BGR is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 BGR Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.