Global Leader in Screen Recording and Screen Capture | TechSmith × 0 Items 0 Menu Search Techsmith.com Search Techsmith.com Cancel Menu Products Snagit Screen Capture & Screen Recorder Free TrialBuy Camtasia Screen Recorder & Video Editor Free TrialBuy Audiate Voice Recorder & Audio Editor Free TrialBuy Screencast Video & Content Hosting Learn MoreBuy Assets for Snagit Stock Photos and Custom Assets Learn MoreBuy Assets for Camtasia Stock Video and Custom Assets Learn MoreBuy All Products & Downloads › Solutions Employee Training Create on-demand training content Customer Education Train and support your customers Higher Education Enhance your eLearning content Enterprise Efficient communication with visuals Support Find Software Key Use our automatic key lookup tool Tutorials Product videos, tutorials, and guides Help Center Troubleshooting and help files Email Preferences Manage your subscription Webinars Join us for free webinars Resources Blog Tips, best practices, and expert advice TechSmith Academy Free video courses Customer Stories See how our customers find success Press Room Our latest news, updates, and awards Partners How to locate or become a partner Research Our original research and data About About Us Our mission, history, and customers Contact Us We're here to help Careers Join our team Store Contact Us English English Deutsch Español Français 日本語 0 Items 0 My Account Sign In My Account Sign Out Search Techsmith.com Search Techsmith.com Cancel Your cart is empty Unable to add items to cart Unfortunately, we had trouble loading your cart. If you get this message more than once, please contact us, and we’ll do our best to help you out. New in Camtasia 2023 Accelerate Video Creation with the New AI-Assisted Workflow in Camtasia See How it Works The TechSmith products loved by millions Our industry-leading screen capture and editing software empowers you to effortlessly capture, edit, and share your ideas. Snagit Powerful Screen Capture and Image Editor for Clear Communication snagit-single-cmb-sub Billed Once Buy Now Learn More Camtasia Screen Recorder and Video Editor to Create Tutorials, Software Demos and More camtasia-individual-yearly Billed Yearly Buy Now Learn More Audiate Instant Transcription and Text-Based Voice Audio Editor Starting at audiate-yearly Billed Yearly Buy Now Learn More Find the best TechSmith products for your workflow Answer a few questions and we'll recommend the perfect solution for you. Take the Quiz Question 1 of 4 Who is the primary audience for your content? Choose one. Colleagues at My Workplace Employees and colleagues at my company Government or Non-Profit Colleagues Employees and colleagues at a government agency or nonprofit organization External Customers or Clients Customers, partners, or other external stakeholders Students, Faculty, or Administrators Students, faculty, administrators, or other individuals at an educational institution Next What are you looking to accomplish? Choose all that apply. Provide detailed feedback Clearly convey feedback, ideas, and information with screenshots and short video messages Enhance emails and instant messages Use screenshots or short videos to get to the point quicker in emails and instant messages Train, teach, or educate Create videos for training, tutorials, or lessons Connect with customers Create videos for marketing or sales demonstrations Create Documentation Make evergreen image and text-based documentation, reference materials, and step-by-step how-tos Previous Next What is most important to you? Choose one. Time to finished piece Polished, professional look Longevity of content use All of these are important to me / us Previous Next Last question! How many people will be creating content? Choose one. Myself Team/Department Entire organization Previous Inform, educate, and train the simple way. Boost productivity, customer happiness, and educational outcomes with better, clearer communications and easy knowledge sharing. Workplace Communications Eliminate unnecessary meetings, calls, and long emails by using images and video to deliver clear, concise messages that move work forward. Learn More Customer Training and Onboarding Ensure customer satisfaction with clear and easy-to-follow tutorials, guides, and documentation. Learn More Employee Training Create on-demand training videos, guides, and more. Learn More Higher Education Give faculty, students, and staff the tools they need for creative, engaged learning. Learn More “With Snagit, we have superpowers with communication.” Joshua Ho, Referral Rock | Industry: Software Learn More About Snagit Enterprise Solutions Looking for team-based licensing? TechSmith offers cost-effective site licensing models that empower teams, departments, and entire organizations to communicate faster and more effectively with Snagit and Camtasia. Explore Site Licenses Learn and connect Explore our expansive library of resources for tips and tricks to create, educate, and collaborate. Blog Discover the latest tips and tricks Read the TechSmith Blog Tutorials Easy to get started.Easy to become a pro. View our Tutorials Webinars Learn from industry and product experts Watch Webinars Products Snagit Camtasia Assets for Camtasia Assets for Snagit Screencast Audiate Jing Screen Recorders Solutions Employee Training Customer Education Higher Education Enterprise Support Find Software Key Tutorials Help Center Send Feedback Email Preferences Webinars Resources Blog TechSmith Academy Customer Stories Press Room Partners Research About About Us Contact Us Careers Store Find a Reseller Online Store FAQ Payment Options Return Policy You Should Stay In Touch! Privacy Accessibility Contact Sitemap © 1995 - 2024, TechSmith Corporation, All Rights Reserved.