The Pale Moon Project homepage Main Pale Moon Homepage Pale Moon Start Page Pale Moon Add-ons Site Pale Moon Developer Site Information Release notes The project > General information Rumor Control Project history Roadmap Pale Moon branding Technical details Screenshots Bounty Program Donations and Support Redistribution Download Pale Moon > Pale Moon Pale Moon Portable Pale Moon language packs Other > 3rd Party Builds Archived versions [DEV] Source code Add-ons Extensions Themes Search Plugins Language Packs More... Tools Pale Moon Sync service Profile Backup tool Pale Moon Commander Pale Moon Tab Groups Flash Protected Mode tool Help Forum F.A.Q. Contact Contact Welcome to Pale Moon – Your browser, Your way Pale Moon is an Open Source, Goanna-based web browser available for various operating systems including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS and Linux (with contributed other operating system support), focusing on efficiency and customization. Make sure to get the most out of your browser! Pale Moon offers you a browsing experience in a browser completely built from its own, independently developed source that has been forked off from Firefox/Mozilla code a number of years ago, with carefully selected features and optimizations to improve the browser's stability and user experience, while offering full customization and a growing collection of extensions and themes to make the browser truly your own. Impatient? Jump to our download page: Download now Looking for specific download options like a package for a different operating system, development options or a portable version? Check the download menu at the top of this page! Main features: Optimized for modern processors Based on our own optimized layout and rendering engine, Goanna™ Safe: forked from mature Mozilla platform code and regularly updated with the latest security patches Secure: Additional security features and security-aware development Extensible with a growing number of maintained XUL browser extensions Supported by our user community, and fully non-profit Privacy-aware: zero ads; no telemetry, spyware or data gathering Familiar, efficient, fully customizable interface Support for full themes: total freedom for any element's design Smooth and speedy page drawing and script processing Superior gradients and fonts compared to other rendering engines Will continue to support NPAPI plugins like Silverlight, Adobe Flash and Java Extensive and growing support for existing web standards This browser, even though fairly close to Gecko-based browsers like Mozilla Firefox and SeaMonkey in the way it works, is based on a different (forked) layout engine and offers a different set of features. It aims to provide close adherence to a balanced set of official, common-sense web standards and specifications in its implementation (with minimal compromise), and purposefully excludes a number of features and Web APIs to strike a balance between general use, performance, and technical advancements on the Web. Pale Moon will continue to provide grouped navigation buttons of a decent size, a bookmarks toolbar that is enabled by default, tabs next to page content by default (easily switchable) and not in the least a functional status bar and more freedom in customization, to name a few things. Its support for classic XUL extensions and full themes also provides users with powerful tools and options to change, extend and control the browser and its user interface. Top news: 27 Feb 2024 Pale Moon 33.0.1 has been released. This is a bugfix and security release. 30 Jan 2024 Pale Moon 33.0 has been released. This is a new development milestone with many improvements, fixes and other changes. More information in the release notes! more news... Pale Moon is, and will always be, Open Source and completely FREE to download and use! This browser is released as a community project to aim for open, collaborative development of a full-featured web browser, as much designed by the user as it is by our development team. Everyone is welcome to become involved in its development or to write extensions to enhance their browsing experience! It is released "as-is" and in the hope that it will be useful to its users. This project is community-supported to benefit the development of not only a web browser but any other application that builds on the freely available XUL platform we are developing and using. That means that if you enjoy the browser enough to help pay for bills for hosting, related on-line and off-line services, and especially further development and maintenance of the browser and underlying platform, you can support us through the following service: Other options for supporting Pale Moon are available too! We do not accept any form of cryptocurrency. If you are interested in keeping updated of new releases of the Pale Moon web browser and other important news surrounding the project, please register on the official Pale Moon forum and subscribe to "Announcements", or subscribe to the news feed of the announcements board. Powered by: US download mirror provided by: Site and contents Copyright © 2009-2023 Moonchild Productions - All rights reserved Pale Moon is subject to the following licensing. Policies: Cookies - User Content - Privacy.