IAB There was an unexpected error authorizing you. Please try again. Close arrow-downarrow-leftarrow-rightarrow-upbiocircleclosedownloadfacebookgplus instagram linkedinmailmenuphoneplaysearchsharespinnertwitteryoutube Research & Insights Knowledge Center Industry Research & Insights Ad Spend & Revenue IAB PULSE IAB THERE Podcasts Direct Brands to Watch Initiatives Ad Net Zero Addressability Audio Brand Disruption Brand Safety Consumers Digital Video Measurement Privacy State of Data Standards & Guidelines Ad Products Ad Technology Audio & Video Measurement Mobile Programmatic Terms & Conditions IAB Tech Lab Advocacy Public Policy Legal & Compliance CCPA Events Conferences Professional Development Online Events IAB International Events Training & Development Training and Development Store Login to My Training Login to My Certification Membership About IAB Current Members IAB Global Network: Worldwide Members Benefits Tiers & Requirements Groups IAB Careers Research & Insights Knowledge Center Browse by topic Industry Research & Insights Ad Spend & Revenue IAB PULSE Thought leadership series IAB THERE Talk show about media & advertising Podcasts Direct Brands to Watch Need-to-know disruptors shaping the future of business Initiatives Ad Net Zero Addressability Audio Brand Disruption Brand Safety Consumers Digital Video Measurement Privacy State of Data Standards & Guidelines Ad Products Ad Technology Audio & Video Measurement Mobile Programmatic Terms & Conditions IAB Tech Lab View all standards, software, and compliance programs Advocacy Public Policy Legal & Compliance CCPA Events Conferences Check out our flagship events Professional Development Online Events Browse webinars, online trainings & other online meetings IAB International Events Training & Development Training and Development Store Purchase IAB trainings & certifications Login to My Training Access your online training Login to My Certification Membership About IAB Current Members Browse IAB member companies by category IAB Global Network: Worldwide Members Benefits Learn the perks of IAB membership Tiers & Requirements Membership categories, dues, and requirements Groups Be an active participant in shaping the industry IAB Careers Public Policy Creator Economy +3 Digital Video Gaming Measurement 2024 IAB PlayFronts Gaming Measurement IAB/MRC Augmented Reality Measurement Guidelines Open for Public Comment until March 9 IAB PlayFronts Returns for Third Year Industry Leaders Gather to Discover the Latest Trends and Insights in Gaming Advertising NEW YORK – February 29, 2024 – For the third consecutive year, the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) gears up for IAB PlayFronts. On March 26th-27th, industry leaders from gaming companies, streaming platforms, and adtech partners will gather at Convene in New York … Continued Gaming Brand Safety IAB Annual Leadership Meeting 2024 Highlights Brand Safety IAB Diligence Platform The IAB is pleased to announce the launch of a new initiative created to standardize, modernize, and improve privacy diligence practices for the digital advertising industry. The IAB Diligence Platform, powered by SafeGuard Privacy, is a data privacy platform that will contain a set of standardized privacy diligence questions that are specially designed for participants in … Continued Legal Affairs +1 Privacy Brand Safety Final IAB/MRC Retail Media Measurement Guidelines On September 13, 2023, the IAB/MRC released the initial draft of the Retail Media Measurement Guidelines for public comment, engaging industry stakeholders to shape standards that resonate with their practical needs and aspirations. In January, IAB proudly unveiled the final version of these guidelines, a testament to collaborative expertise and industry-wide consensus. This comprehensive framework … Continued Measurement +1 Retail Media Brand Safety The Free and Open Ad-Supported Internet: Consumers, Content and Assessing the Data Value Exchange As the digital economy becomes more privacy-by-design, IAB surveyed over 1,500 consumers to gain insights into their thoughts, preferences, and concerns regarding their personal data and digital advertising overall.​ ​ With personal data being a key facet of the free and open, ad-supported internet, the research gauged to what extent consumers understand what is meant by personal … Continued Research Brand Safety John Halley Announced as New Board Chair for 2024 Shenan Reed of General Motors appointed as Vice Chair of the IAB Board NEW YORK, January 28, 2024 – The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), the digital media and marketing trade association, today announced that it has named John Halley, President, Paramount Advertising, Paramount as the new Chair of the trade organization’s Board of Directors. Halley has served … Continued News +1 IAB ALM Brand Safety Quantifying Retail Media In-Store Success: Measurement & Innovation The IAB Measurement, Addressability, Data Center worked with the IAB Retail Media Network Committee to release Quantifying Retail Media In-Store Success: Measurement & Innovation. In the retail industry’s evolving landscape, the emergence of in-store opportunities within Retail Media Networks (RMNs) is a pivotal development. With most retail transactions still occurring physically, there is a growing … Continued Measurement +2 Retail Media The Rise of Retail Media Networks Brand Safety IAB U.S. Multi-State Privacy Toolkit The number of state privacy laws continues to expand rapidly. Complying with these laws is an opportunity to develop privacy-forward practices to enhance consumer trust, but it can also be challenging to implement for many businesses – particularly where digital advertising is concerned. Compliance is a necessity, and the IAB U.S. Multi-State Privacy Toolkit provides … Continued CCPA +2 Legal Affairs Privacy Brand Safety Upcoming at IAB Navigating AI Creativity & Ethics in Digital Advertising Mar 5, 2024 2024 IAB Measurement Leadership Summit Mar 14, 2024 2024 IAB PlayFronts Mar 26, 2024 2024 IAB Public Policy & Legal Summit Apr 2, 2024 Introduction to the Creator Economy Apr 9, 2024 2024 IAB NewFronts Apr 29, 2024 2024 IAB Podcast Upfront May 9, 2024 Privacy Law Essentials for Digital Advertising Professionals May 21, 2024 2024 IAB Connected Commerce Summit Sep 17, 2024 Diversity & Inclusion Workforce development & education Project Rearc Harmonize privacy & personalization Public Policy CCPA, GDPR, and more CCPA Compliance Prepare for enforcement Tech Lab Nonprofit R&D consortium Direct Brand Economy Latest news and insights What is IAB? Diversity & Inclusion Workforce development & education Project Rearc Harmonize privacy & personalization Public Policy CCPA, GDPR, and more CCPA Compliance Prepare for enforcement Tech Lab Nonprofit R&D consortium Direct Brand Economy Latest news and insights Our Mission The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) empowers the media and marketing industries to thrive in the digital economy. Our 700+ members are leaders in digital advertising & media, and include: Get the latest fromIAB in your inbox Be the first to know. Sign up to receive news about the IAB programs, standards, events, classes, and more! Sign up now Getting Involved Learn and lead. Sway the competitive balance in your direction. Advance your career and ensure the success of your business. Build lifelong connections. All at IAB. Committees & Councils IAB helps drive the industry forward through the efforts of committees and councils in various industry segments. Centers of Excellence Our Centers of Excellence, fully staffed and independently funded units within IAB, work with industry experts and members to develop standards, guidelines, best practices and other solutions to improve business outcomes for the industry. Tech Lab IAB Technology Laboratory (IAB Tech Lab) is a nonprofit research and development consortium charged with producing technical standards, specifications and protocols to support member companies. Diversity & Inclusion IAB is dedicated to increasing diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout the digital industry through workforce development initiatives. Why Learn with IAB We train media professionals and certify their knowledge for employers and business partners. Since 2012, 19,000 professionals at 1,500 companies have participated in our professional development programs. Training CoursesIn-depth crash courses designed to deepen you and your team’s knowledge of digital media CertificationsCertification exams that demonstrate you and your team perform against the highest industry standards. Prep courses available via the IAB for select Certifications. Group TrainingsCustomized group trainings designed to meet your team’s unique education needs or train your clients and partners ResourcesBest practices for professional development and strategies to enhance your career potential Questions about IAB? Contact Us Contact Us From the Knowledge Center Site Results Filter by: Topic Popular topics A - D E - H I - L M - P Q - T U - Z Addressability Advertising Revenue Audio Brand Disruption Brand Safety Consumers Creator Economy Digital Video Education Gaming IAB ALM IAB Member Only Legal Affairs Measurement News Privacy Professional Development Public Policy Public Policy Newsletter Research Retail Media State of Data Subscriber Only Tech Lab Terms & Conditions The Rise of Retail Media Networks Type Statements & Press Blog Posts Standards & Guidelines Reports & Studies Videos Search for: You searched for: Load More About IAB Contact Us Statements & Press IAB Careers My IAB App Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your Ad Choices