Cvent Event Management Free Trial | Cvent Skip to main content Remember my choice See how Cvent can solve your biggest event challenges. Watch a 30-minute demo. Search cvent.com Utility navigation Request demo Search Find Event Venues Log in Main Navigation (EN-Mobile) Solutions Event Marketing & Management Back Overview Virtual events Engaging, interactive virtual experiences In-person events Safe and impactful events of any size Hybrid events One event, two experiences™ Webinars Audience engagement, reimagined Deliver a seamless event experience with Attendee Hub By solution Plan and Promote Attendee Engagement Spend and Workflow Actionable Insights By role Event planner Marketer Travel manager By industry Association Corporation Financial services Government Higher education Life sciences Non-profit Planning agency Exchange Back Overview Venue Sourcing Find the perfect venue for your event Room Block Management Save time, eliminate the back-and-forth Corporate Hotel Rates Manage a preferred hotel program like a pro Venue Diagramming Design safe floor plans with ease Learn how to source safely By role Event planner Marketer By event type Conferences Enterprise Hybrid Trade show program Virtual By industry Association Corporation FInancial services Government Higher education Life sciences Non-profit Planning agency Suppliers & Venues Back Overview Attract Market to thousands of event planners Convert Manage your leads to win new business Manage Run your events more profitably Improve Attract more business travelers Corporate Travel Grow your corporate travel business Start growing group and transient business By role General management Hotel operator Hotel owner Marketing Revenue management Sales By organization Destination marketing organization Event venue Hotel management company Hotel ownership group Hotel property All products List About us Careers Case studies Community Integrations Investor relations Partners Privacy & security Resources Buttons Find a venue Login Build your event registration for free With Cvent Registration, you can create beautiful, fully branded event websites – without any coding. Plus, you’ll also get access to our easy-to-use tools and features, for FREE. You will only pay when people register for your event. Drag-and-drop site designer Personalized registration paths and advanced styling options 24/7 customer support and access to the Cvent Community Sign up today *Required fields The power and flexibility to create any event registration you can imagine Create any event, simple or complex Customize not only the look and feel, but the flow of your registration. Add configurable registration paths for more personalization. Build a website that wows your audience Create fully branded event experiences with drag-and-drop widgets, or take it to the next level with custom CSS classes. Increase conversions and drive registrations Capture attendees with high intent, monitor abandoned registrations, send reminders, and create tasks for sales. Try Cvent for free Integrate into your CRM and automation tools Sales & Marketing Association Management Budget & Expenses Travel & Transportation Web & Virtual Solutions Networking Tools Data Analytics Minimize time-to-action on event leads and build better customer profiles Wow your members with dynamic events and synchronized profiles Simplify and automate your event payments for better budgeting Make booking housing and flights a cohesive part of your attendee management experience Make your online meetings and seminars more successful Turn qualified leads into qualified and engaging meetings Analyze web data to make smarter decisions Frequently Asked Questions How do I sign up for Cvent's event management trial? Signing up is easy. Simply fill out the form located HERE and we’ll immediately send you an email so you can activate your account. Who is eligible for a trial account? Anyone can sign up for a trial. If you are already a Cvent Event Management customer, check your account first as you may already have access to the functionality available in the trial. Access to, and usage of, Cvent services are governed by Cvent’s Terms of Use, available HERE In which countries is the trial available? There are no geographic restrictions for trial sign up. The trial supports multiple languages and currencies. However, launching your event using our pay-as-you-go payment option is only available in a number of countries. If you are in a country where pay-as-you-go is not supported, you will only have the option to contact sales to discuss your payment options. Our list of countries supported by pay-as-you-go is ever evolving and if you’re currently a free-trial customer, and your country is not supported by pay-as-you-go, you will be notified by email when it becomes available. Does the trial cost anything? No. It’s free to sign up for the trial and to build your events. Launching your event is also free as you will only be charged when you capture registrations. Why do I have to enter my credit card information? We ask customers to provide their credit card information as a backup in the event that what they’re charging does not cover our fees (registration fee & revenue share). When will my credit card be charged? Credit cards will be charged only when you have a negative balance. For example, if the cost of registration doesn’t cover our fees, such as in the case of a free event, the credit card will be charged. Where do I find pricing information? After you build your event and click the“Launch Event” button, you will be presented with your payment options. Our pay-as-you-go payment option consists of a per registration fee, a small percentage of revenue share, and a Cvent Payment Services fee should you decide to use our payment services. Alternatively, after you’ve completed the Event Build Wizard and exited the initial Site Designer, you’ll be able to see your account information. If you go to Admin à Account à Overview, you’ll see the pricing information listed there. To use the Cvent Professional License with the pay-as-you-go payment option, all you need to do is click “Launch Event”, enter your billing information and your event will become live instantly. You will only pay when people sign up for your event. If you’d like more information about our contract options, call us at 800-925-7220 to speak with a Cvent sales professional. Start building your first event now Try Cvent for free Void where prohibited by law. Subject to cancellation or change at any time without prior notice. Additional terms may apply. All rights reserved. Social menu Cvent on Facebook Cvent on Twitter Cvent on LinkedIn Cvent on YouTube Cvent on Instagram Footer Sales Request a demo Pricing Contact us 866.318.4358 About Awards Careers Investor relations Management team Newsroom Partners Popular products Event registration Mobile apps Attendee Hub web Check-in & badging Webinar platform Venue sourcing All products Free resources Blog Case studies Events Watch webinars Find event venues Best event venues Find wedding venues Support Contact support Community Developer Hub Knowledge Base Security Training Log in to Cvent For suppliers & venues Attract Convert Manage Improve Corporate Travel Copyright 2024 Cvent Inc. All rights reserved. LEGAL | PRIVACY POLICY | ACCESSIBILITY | TERMS OF USE | YOUR PRIVACY CHOICESThis site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply United Kingdom (English)Australia (English)Singapore (English)UAE (English)Deutschland (Deutsch)India (English)US (English) Reset redirect preference Clear redirect preference