Home | AMBER Alert Skip to main content An official website of the United States government, Department of Justice. Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( LockA locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu About About Guidelines for Issuing AMBER Alerts National AMBER Alert Coordinator Legislation National Strategy Frequently Asked Questions Active AMBER Alerts Indian Country News News Press Releases Blogs and Messages Speeches Statistics Library & Multimedia Library & Multimedia AMBER Alert Fact Sheets Publications Listing Videos Resources Resources AMBER Alert Contacts Wireless Emergency Alert Toolkit for Raising Awareness Training and Technical Assistance Secondary Distribution of AMBER Alerts Technology Standards & Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Share FacebookXLinkedInRedditPinterestEmail AMBER Alert America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response Learn more about AMBER Alert © Dmitri Ma/Shutterstock.com (see reuse policy). Review the YouTube Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy Keeping Hope Alive: The AMBER Alert Program This video highlights the history and groundbreaking moments that established and propelled the AMBER Alert program that is used across the nation to safely recover missing and abducted children. Watch the Video (View larger image.) AMBER Alert: Years of Progress in Recovering Abducted Children Today, the AMBER Alert system is being used in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Indian country, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and internationally in 31 countries. As of December 31, 2023, 1,186 children were successfully recovered through the AMBER Alert system and 165 children were rescued because of wireless emergency alerts. There are 82 AMBER Alert plans throughout the United States. See Highlights from the AMBER Alert Program © Lucky-photographer/Shutterstock.com (see reuse policy). AMBER Alert in Indian Country Initiative The AMBER Alert in Indian Country (AIIC) Initiative assists Tribal communities in developing programs to safely recover endangered missing or abducted children through the coordinated efforts of the Tribes and their local, state and federal partners by using training and technology to enhance response capacities, capabilities and increase public participation in protecting children. Discover more about the AMBER Alert Program in Indian Country Active AMBER Alerts Looking for the latest AMBER Alerts? Discover active AMBER Alerts. Wireless Emergency Alerts Interested in learning more about receiving AMBER Alert notices on your phone? Learn about Wireless Emergency Alerts. When Your Child Is Missing: A Family Survival Guide, Fifth Edition The guide features parents who have experienced firsthand both the anguish and hope of finding their missing child. The fifth edition helps families identify, prioritize, and take actions that can assist law enforcement efforts to locate their children and return them home safely. Get the Guide AMBER Alert Best Practices, Second Edition AMBER Alert Best Practices, Second Edition provides updated guidelines to help states and regional offices recover abducted children through AMBER Alerts. The 2019 second edition of the guide provides a "what works" approach based on input of those who lead and oversee AMBER Alerts as part of larger missing persons and child protection programs at the state and regional levels. Access the Publication AMBER Alert Field Guide for Law Enforcement Officers Designed to help law enforcement officers improve their response to cases of missing or abducted children, the guide provides best practices from subject matter experts in AMBER Alert programs nationwide. Topics include establishing and managing leads, search and recovery operations, screening and training volunteers, interacting with abduction victims' families, managing media, and more. Access the Guide OJJDP Releases Report to Congress on AMBER Alert in Indian Country Implementation of the Ashlynne Mike AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act of 2018: A Report to Congress provides Congress with an assessment of the readiness, education and training needs, technological challenges, and obstacles encountered by tribes in the integration of state or regional AMBER Alert communication plans. Read the Report to Congress Disclaimer The information and statements contained on this official Department of Justice AMBER Alert website shall not be used for the purposes of advertising, nor to imply the endorsement or recommendation of the United States Government. Use of the AMBER Alert logo is subject to the Department of Justice legal policies and disclaimers regarding the use of DOJ seals and logos. Reference herein (including any document posted hereon or linked hereto) to any specific AMBER or AMBER-related commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government. Top America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response Alert About About AMBER Alert AMBER Alert in Indian Country Guidelines for Issuing Alerts AMBER Alert Coordinator Legislation National Strategy FAQs News Active AMBER Alerts Press Releases Blogs and Messages Speeches Library & Multimedia Fact Sheets Publications Statistics Videos Resources AMBER Alert Resources Wireless Emergency Alert Training & Technical Assistance AMBER Alert Contacts Secondary Distribution of AMBER Alerts Technology Standards & Guidelines 810 7th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20531 Secondary Footer link menu Accessibility Plain Language Privacy Policy Legal Policies and Disclaimer No FEAR Act Freedom of Information Act USA.gov Justice.gov