Home | Bill Gates THE BLOG OF BILL GATES Log in Sign up Log out My profile and settings My bookmarks Comment history Please complete your account verification. Resend verification email. today This verification token has expired. today Your email address has been verified. Update my profile. today Your account has been deactivated. Sign in to re-activate your account. today View all newsletters in the newsletter archive today You are now unsubscribed from receiving emails. today Sorry, we were unable to unsubscribe you at this time. today 0 0 Back to profile Comment Items You have not left any comments yet. title you replied to a comment: name description View Comment Saved Posts You haven’t bookmarked any posts yet. Books Videos The Year Ahead Log in Sign up THE BLOG OF BILL GATES I am not a self-made man. read review Become a Gates Notes Insider Sign up Log out Search Books Videos Climate and energy Education Heroes in the field Inequality, gender, and race Pandemic prevention Personal Photo essays Podcast Saving lives About Bill All posts Personal Information Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr Cancel Save This email is already registered Cancel Save Please verify email address. Click verification link sent to this email address or resend verification email. Cancel Save Email and Notification Settings Send me updates from Bill Gates You must provide an email On Off Send me Gates Notes survey emails On Off Send me the weekly Top of Mind newsletter On Off Email me comment notifications On Off On-screen comment notifications On Off Interests Select interests to personalize your profile and experience on Gates Notes. Saving Lives Energy Innovation Improving Education Alzheimer's Philanthropy Book Reviews About Bill Gates Account Deactivation Click the link below to begin the account deactivation process. Deactivate account If you would like to permanently delete your Gates Notes account and remove it’s content, please send us a request here. Ancient country, new ideas India's innovations are still changing the world I’m excited to see the latest breakthroughs during my visit this week. By Bill Gates | February 25, 2024 Greasy—and good for the planet Why I’m making big bets on novel fats and oils. Makoy Samuel Yibi won’t stop until the world eradicates its next disease Guinea worm once infected 3.5 million people every year. Thanks to heroes like Makoy, that number dropped to 13 last year. Hannah Ritchie will make you optimistic about climate change In the latest episode of my podcast, I talked to author and researcher Hannah Ritchie about why there are more reasons for hope than one might think. The start-ups making robots a reality Here’s why I’m excited about the potential of robotics technology. Progress in India My trip to India in pictures Why my travels in India made me optimistic about the future. India is winning its war on human waste In India toilets are saving lives and boosting the economy. Meeting the Musahar A trip to a remote corner of India taught me a powerful lesson about what it will take to wipe out polio. My trip to India in pictures Why my travels in India made me optimistic about the future. India is winning its war on human waste In India toilets are saving lives and boosting the economy. Meeting the Musahar A trip to a remote corner of India taught me a powerful lesson about what it will take to wipe out polio. Indian Heroes in the Field Can goats empower women? A group of Indian health workers is helping poor women gain financial independence by raising goats. Making the world’s invisible people, visible An ID can help improve the lives of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable people. Inspiring girls to believe in themselves This hero’s school empowers girls to see their potential for greatness. Can goats empower women? A group of Indian health workers is helping poor women gain financial independence by raising goats. Making the world’s invisible people, visible An ID can help improve the lives of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable people. Inspiring girls to believe in themselves This hero’s school empowers girls to see their potential for greatness. LATEST VIDEOS LATEST VIDEOS More videos Read post SAVING LIVES See all Lessons in lifesaving from Brazil What the biggest country in South America can teach the world about healthcare. The road ahead reaches a turning point in 2024 This year signaled the start of a new era. Here’s why I believe next year is an opportunity to shape the world’s next chapter for the better. 5 of the coolest innovations I saw in Senegal I got to meet with amazing scientists working on the next big breakthrough while I was in Dakar. Lessons in lifesaving from Brazil What the biggest country in South America can teach the world about healthcare. The road ahead reaches a turning point in 2024 This year signaled the start of a new era. Here’s why I believe next year is an opportunity to shape the world’s next chapter for the better. 5 of the coolest innovations I saw in Senegal I got to meet with amazing scientists working on the next big breakthrough while I was in Dakar. CLIMATE AND ENERGY See all Why I’m going to COP An opportunity to keep the annual climate change meeting focused on the poor. My message at COP: Invest in innovations that save and improve the most lives At the COP World Climate Action Summit, I spoke about how innovation is the key to tackling emissions and improving human welfare at the same time. A fireside chat on climate and global development In London, I talked about two of the issues I’m most passionate about—and why they both demand urgent action. Why I’m going to COP An opportunity to keep the annual climate change meeting focused on the poor. My message at COP: Invest in innovations that save and improve the most lives At the COP World Climate Action Summit, I spoke about how innovation is the key to tackling emissions and improving human welfare at the same time. A fireside chat on climate and global development In London, I talked about two of the issues I’m most passionate about—and why they both demand urgent action. Artificial Intelligence My conversation with Sam Altman In the sixth episode of my podcast, I sat down with the OpenAI CEO to talk about where AI is headed next and what humanity will do once it gets there. The Age of AI has begun Artificial intelligence is as revolutionary as mobile phones and the Internet. AI is about to completely change how you use computers And upend the software industry. My conversation with Sam Altman In the sixth episode of my podcast, I sat down with the OpenAI CEO to talk about where AI is headed next and what humanity will do once it gets there. The Age of AI has begun Artificial intelligence is as revolutionary as mobile phones and the Internet. AI is about to completely change how you use computers And upend the software industry. Heroes in the Field Heroes in the Field Read post EDUCATION See all Can AI help close the education gap? Sal Khan thinks so In the second episode of my new podcast, I sat down with the founder of Khan Academy to talk about how artificial intelligence will transform education. Meet the teacher helping Deaf students navigate the world Washington State Teacher of the Year Dana Miles uses bus schedules, coffee orders, and dinner recipes to teach her students about self-advocacy. What does popcorn have to do with math? It’s part of a new approach to teaching America’s least favorite subject. Can AI help close the education gap? Sal Khan thinks so In the second episode of my new podcast, I sat down with the founder of Khan Academy to talk about how artificial intelligence will transform education. Meet the teacher helping Deaf students navigate the world Washington State Teacher of the Year Dana Miles uses bus schedules, coffee orders, and dinner recipes to teach her students about self-advocacy. What does popcorn have to do with math? It’s part of a new approach to teaching America’s least favorite subject. UNDERSTANDING ALZHEIMER’S View more The reason I feel optimistic about the future of Alzheimer’s research New breakthroughs in Alzheimer’s diagnostics may someday soon let us substantially alter the course of the disease. Data could hold the key to stopping Alzheimer's More data sharing will accelerate progress towards an Alzheimer’s breakthrough. Talking Alzheimer’s, comedy, and marijuana with the Rogens In the first episode of my new podcast, I asked Seth Rogen and Lauren Miller Rogen to help me understand how Alzheimer’s can be funny. The reason I feel optimistic about the future of Alzheimer’s research New breakthroughs in Alzheimer’s diagnostics may someday soon let us substantially alter the course of the disease. Data could hold the key to stopping Alzheimer's More data sharing will accelerate progress towards an Alzheimer’s breakthrough. Talking Alzheimer’s, comedy, and marijuana with the Rogens In the first episode of my new podcast, I asked Seth Rogen and Lauren Miller Rogen to help me understand how Alzheimer’s can be funny. Book Reviews More books An essential guide to the building blocks of life The Song of the Cell proves that Siddhartha Mukherjee is one of the best science writers working today. Is this really an unrivaled era of innovation? Vaclav Smil has written “a brief history of hype and failure." A surprising (and surprisingly optimistic) book on climate change Hannah Ritchie’s Not the End of the World is an essential antidote to environmental doomsday-ism. An essential guide to the building blocks of life The Song of the Cell proves that Siddhartha Mukherjee is one of the best science writers working today. Is this really an unrivaled era of innovation? Vaclav Smil has written “a brief history of hype and failure." A surprising (and surprisingly optimistic) book on climate change Hannah Ritchie’s Not the End of the World is an essential antidote to environmental doomsday-ism. Subscribe to emails from Bill Sign up This is my personal blog, where I share about the people I meet, the books I'm reading, and what I'm learning. I hope that you'll join the conversation. © 2024 The Gates Notes LLC About Bill Search Personal Podcast Photo essays Books Education Videos Saving lives Climate and energy Pandemic prevention Inequality, gender, and race Thanks for visiting the Gates Notes. We'd like your feedback. Yes, I'll take the survey No thanks Become a Gates Notes Insider Join the Gates Notes community to access exclusive content, comment on stories, participate in giveaways, and more. SIGN UP Already have an account? Log in here Welcome back, Insider! Welcome back, Insider! Thank you for being a Gates Notes Insider. I feel lucky that I get to connect with so many people like you. – Bill Gates Not a Gates Notes Insider yet? Sign up LOG INSIGN UP Forgot? Error Log in Or log in with your social account: Logout: Become a Gates Notes Insider Become a Gates Notes Insider Join the Gates Notes community to get regular updates from Bill on key topics like global health and climate change, to access exclusive content, comment on stories, participate in giveaways, and more. Already joined? Log in Please send me updates from Breakthrough Energy on efforts to combat climate change. On Off LOG INSIGN UP Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr This email is already registered. Enter a new email, try signing in or retrieve your password Why are we collecting this information? Gates Notes may send a welcome note or other exclusive Insider mail from time to time. Additionally, some campaigns and content may only be available to users in certain areas. Gates Notes will never share and distribute your information with external parties. Bill may send you a welcome note or other exclusive Insider mail from time to time. We will never share your information. Sign up We will never share or spam your email address. For more information see our Sign Up FAQ. By clicking "Sign Up" you agree to the Gates Notes Terms of Use / Privacy Policy. Street address City postal_town State Zip code administrative_area_level_2 Country Data Gates Notes Insider Sign Up FAQ Q. How do I create a Gates Notes account? A. There are three ways you can create a Gates Notes account: Sign up with Facebook. We’ll never post to your Facebook account without your permission. Sign up with Twitter. We’ll never post to your Twitter account without your permission. Sign up with your email. Enter your email address during sign up. We’ll email you a link for verification. Q. Will you ever post to my Facebook or Twitter accounts without my permission? A. No, never. Q. How do I sign up to receive email communications from my Gates Notes account? A. In Account Settings, click the toggle switch next to “Send me updates from Bill Gates.” Q. How will you use the Interests I select in Account Settings? A. We will use them to choose the Suggested Reads that appear on your profile page. BACK Forgot your password? Enter the email you used to sign up and a reset password link will be sent to you. This email is already registered. Enter a new email, try signing in or retrieve your password Reset Password You should recieve an email shortly with instructions on how to reset your password. Reset your password. Set New Password Your password has been reset. Please continue to the log in page. Log in Get emails from Bill Gates Send me updates from Bill Gates You must provide an email On Off Email me comment notifications On Off On-screen comment notifications On Off This email is already registered Finish We will never share or spam your email address. For more information see our Sign up FAQ. By clicking "Continue" you agree to the Gates Notes Terms of Use / Privacy Policy. You're in! You're in! Please check your email and click the link provided to verify your account. Didn't get an email from us? Resend verification Upload a profile picture Choose image to upload Uploading... Uh Oh! The image you are trying to upload is either too big or is an unacceptable format. Please upload a .jpg or .png image that is under 25MB. Ok Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mx Dr Cancel Save This email is already registered Cancel Save Please verify email address. Click verification link sent to this email address or resend verification email. Email and notification settings Send me updates from Bill Gates You must provide an email On Off Email me comment notifications On Off On-screen comment notifications On Off Select your interests Saving Lives Energy Innovation Improving Education Alzheimer's Philanthropy Book Reviews About Bill Gates Finish Confirm Account Deactivation Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? Deactivating your account will unsubscribe you from Gates Notes emails, and will remove your profile and account information from public view on the Gates Notes. Please allow for 24 hours for the deactivation to fully process. You can sign back in at any time to reactivate your account and restore its content. Deactivate My Acccount Go Back Your Gates Notes account has been deactivated. Come back anytime. Welcome back In order to unsubscribe you will need to sign-in to your Gates Notes Insider account Once signed in just go to your Account Settings page and set your subscription options as desired. Sign In Request account deletion We’re sorry to see you go. Your request may take a few days to process; we want to double check things before hitting the big red button. Requesting an account deletion will permanently remove all of your profile content. If you’ve changed your mind about deleting your account, you can always hit cancel and deactivate instead. Submit Cancel Thank You! Your request has been sent Page https://www.gatesnotes.com:443/India-is-changing-the-world-with-innovation secs = 0.0312372