Stonewall Donate Log in Stonewall Our Sites Stonewall Scotland Cymru Search Log in Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube LinkedIn TikTok Contact us News Jobs Inclusive workplacesDiversity Champions UK Workplace Equality Index Global Workplace Equality Index Training & events Best practice, toolkits & resources Find LGBT-inclusive jobs Schools & collegesE-learning School & College Champions Children & Young People's Services Consultancy services Best practice, toolkits & resources Careers support for young people Shop Get InvolvedCampaign with us Fundraise with us Volunteer with us Rainbow Lottery About usWhat we stand for Who we are Our impact Work for us Stonewall research Community resources International work Donate Search HomeLondon Workplace Conference 2024 What you can doShop Donate Campaign London Workplace Conference 2024 Everything you need to know about LGBTQ+ workplace inclusion, all in one place. Upcoming events Mar222024London Workplace Conference 2024 Everything you need to know about LGBTQ+ workplace inclusion, all in one... Apr212024London Marathon The iconic TCS London Marathon is probably the highlight of the running... Stonewall news Stonewall Appoints New Treasurer and TrusteeFeb182024 'Not fit for purpose' - Stonewall's response to draft trans guidance for schools in EnglandDec192023 Stonewall statement on Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) judicial reviewDec082023 Want to hear more from Stonewall?We’d love to show you how your support is helping LGBTQ+ people everywhere to thrive. We need your consent to keep you up to date with our campaigns and events, and what you can do to help make life better for LGBTQ+ people.Sign up now Write your will for free this March and help LGBTQ+ communities About us Contact us Join our team News Who we are Want to hear more from Stonewall?We’d love to show you how your support is helping LGBTQ+ people everywhere to thrive. We need your consent to share news, campaigns, events and ways in which you can further support this important work. Sign up now Find us on social Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Stonewall is proud to provide information, support and guidance on LGBTQ+ inclusion; working towards a world where we're all free to be. This does not constitute legal advice, and is not intended to be a substitute for legal counsel on any subject matter. Cookie Law Accessibility statement Registered Company No. 02412299 Charity Number 1101255 VAT Reg No. 862906405 Site by catch © Copyright 2023 Stonewall Registered with Fundraising Regulator Please think about your privacy - clear browsing history if necessary. Click for quick exit.