Welcome! | The Coq Proof Assistant Home About Coq Get Coq Documentation Community Consortium Source Code Old news The Coq Proof Assistant Welcome! Learning about Coq Coq is a formal proof management system. It provides a formal language to write mathematical definitions, executable algorithms and theorems together with an environment for semi-interactive development of machine-checked proofs. Typical applications include the certification of properties of programming languages (e.g. the CompCert compiler certification project, the Verified Software Toolchain for verification of C programs, or the Iris framework for concurrent separation logic), the formalization of mathematics (e.g. the full formalization of the Feit-Thompson theorem, or homotopy type theory), and teaching. The Reference Manual and the Standard Library documentation are the primary documentation for Coq. However, to learn about Coq, we recommend starting with a tutorial or book, such as those listed on the documentation page. Tutorials and books Reference Manual Standard Library Running Coq You don't need to install Coq to get started: you can run Coq in your browser using jsCoq! Eventually you'll probably want to install Coq on your system with a user interface of your choice. Try Coq in your browser Install Coq on your computer User interfaces User Community Coq has a large and active user community. They contribute formal developments, Coq extensions, and tools based on Coq (see the Coq Package Index and the Awesome Coq curated list of projects and resources). We have a multi-lingual Discourse forum and a Zulip chat with a continuously updated openly accessible archive. Note our code of conduct that applies to all spaces managed by the Coq team, including online forums and physical events. Coq Package Index Discourse forum Zulip chat Community Contributing to Coq Coq is free, open-source software. Its development is largely supported by Inria, a French public computer science institute, but anyone can follow and participate in the process on GitHub. The Coq Team manages the development of Coq: it is an international mix of developers and power users from academia and industry. You can contribute to the development of Coq by reporting bugs, suggesting enhancements, submitting pull requests, improving the documentation and in many other ways. Academic and industrial users are also encouraged to contribute financially to support the maintenance and evolution of Coq and its ecosystem through the Coq Consortium. Coq Team Bug tracker Contributing guide Coq Consortium Recent news There is now a Stack Exchange Q&A site dedicated to Proof Assistants! Do not hesitate to post and answer Coq questions there (use the coq tag). Check out Discourse and Twitter for recent news. For recent releases, check out the GitHub repositories of Coq and the Coq Platform. webmaster xhtml valid CSS valid