Home | IMA Skip to main content This site uses cookies, including third-party cookies, to improve your experience and deliver personalized content. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of all cookies. For more information visit IMA's Cookie Policy. Close No, I decline. Institute of Management Accountants Institute of Management Accountants About IMA Overview Leadership Governance IMA Vision Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainable Business Management Advocacy IMA Giving Partnerships & Sponsorships Research & Publications Newsroom Careers at IMA Regions Asia Pacific 中国 (China) Europe Global Americas India Middle East/Africa Store Sign-in Certifications Certifications IMA’s professional certification programs, the FMAA™ (Financial and Managerial Accounting Associate), CMA® (Certified Management Accountant), and CSCA® (Certified in Strategy and Competitive Analysis) help you grow your expertise and advance your career in the accounting and finance profession. Learn More CMA Validate your mastery of a comprehensive body of knowledge in accounting and financial management. CMA Overview Enroll in the CMA Prepare for the CMA CMA Candidate Resources Maintain/Maximize CMA for Students CMA for Employers CMA Handbook FMAA Demonstrate your proficiency in the fundamentals of financial and managerial accounting. Enroll in the FMAA CSCA Expand your strategic planning skills and enhance your analytical ability. CSCA Overview Benefits of the CSCA Enroll in the CSCA Prepare for the CSCA Your Career Your Career Stay competitive and succeed at every stage of your career with IMA’s tools and resources. Learn More Career Resources Chapters & Networking Salary Survey Competency Framework CareerDriver® Leadership Development Volunteering with IMA Get Published with IMA Ethics Center Career Center (formerly Job Board) IMA Global Awards Continuing Education Continuing Education IMA provides a vast portfolio of 1,300+ continuing education courses and webinars. Get Started Featured & Trending By Topic Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values By Type Certificate Programs Courses Webinars Events Insights & Trends Insights & Trends IMA research and thought leadership keeps you up to speed in a rapidly evolving profession. Check this space regularly for insights, analysis, and best practices to help you succeed. Explore Now Featured & Trending By Topic Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values By Format Article Blog Count Me In® Podcast Research Report By Publication Strategic Finance Magazine Management Accounting Quarterly Statements on Management Accounting IMA Educational Case Journal Membership Membership Learn More Benefits & Resources Overview Professional Benefits & Resources Student Benefits & Resources Academic Benefits & Resources Employer Benefits & Resources Join or Renew Join more than 125,000 global members looking for career excellence in accounting and finance. Home About IMA IMA is the worldwide association of accountants and financial professionals in business. Certifications Your Career Continuing Education Insights & Trends Membership About IMA Store Certifications Certifications IMA’s professional certification programs, the FMAA™ (Financial and Managerial Accounting Associate), CMA® (Certified Management Accountant), and CSCA® (Certified in Strategy and Competitive Analysis) help you grow your expertise and advance your career in the accounting and finance profession. Learn More CMA FMAA CSCA Your Career Your Career Stay competitive and succeed at every stage of your career with IMA’s tools and resources. Learn More Career Resources Continuing Education Continuing Education IMA provides a vast portfolio of 1,300+ continuing education courses and webinars. Get Started By Topic By Type Insights & Trends Insights & Trends IMA research and thought leadership keeps you up to speed in a rapidly evolving profession. Check this space regularly for insights, analysis, and best practices to help you succeed. Explore Now By Topic By Format By Publication Membership Membership Learn More Benefits & Resources Join or Renew CMA CMA Validate your mastery of a comprehensive body of knowledge in accounting and financial management. Learn More CMA Overview Enroll in the CMA Prepare for the CMA CMA Candidate Resources Maintain/Maximize CMA for Students CMA for Employers CMA Handbook FMAA FMAA Demonstrate your proficiency in the fundamentals of financial and managerial accounting. FMAA Enroll in the FMAA CSCA CSCA Expand your strategic planning skills and enhance your analytical ability. Learn More CSCA Overview Benefits of the CSCA Enroll in the CSCA Prepare for the CSCA Career Resources Career Resources Chapters & Networking Salary Survey Competency Framework CareerDriver® Leadership Development Volunteering with IMA Get Published with IMA Ethics Center Career Center (formerly Job Board) IMA Global Awards By Topic Featured & Trending Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values By Type Certificate Programs Courses Webinars Events By Topic Featured & Trending Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values By Format Article Blog Count Me In® Podcast Research Report By Publication Strategic Finance Magazine Management Accounting Quarterly Statements on Management Accounting IMA Educational Case Journal Benefits & Resources Benefits & Resources Overview Professional Benefits & Resources Student Benefits & Resources Academic Benefits & Resources Employer Benefits & Resources Join or Renew Join or Renew Join more than 125,000 global members looking for career excellence in accounting and finance. Join or Renew CMA Overview Enroll in the CMA Prepare for the CMA CMA Candidate Resources Maintain/Maximize CMA for Students CMA for Employers CMA Handbook Enroll in the FMAA CSCA Overview Benefits of the CSCA Enroll in the CSCA Prepare for the CSCA Chapters & Networking Salary Survey Competency Framework CareerDriver® Leadership Development Volunteering with IMA Get Published with IMA Ethics Center Career Center (formerly Job Board) IMA Global Awards Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values Certificate Programs Courses Webinars Events Strategy, Planning & Performance Reporting & Control Technology & Analytics Business Acumen & Operations Leadership Professional Ethics & Values Article Blog Count Me In® Podcast Research Report Strategic Finance Magazine Management Accounting Quarterly Statements on Management Accounting IMA Educational Case Journal Overview Professional Benefits & Resources Student Benefits & Resources Academic Benefits & Resources Employer Benefits & Resources About IMA Overview Leadership Governance IMA Vision Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainable Business Management Advocacy IMA Giving Partnerships & Sponsorships Research & Publications Newsroom Careers at IMA Change username form. Insert an info and press enter to submit, or press escape to close. Change username? close Enter the email associated with your account and we’ll send an email with instructions to reset your username. Email Create a new account form. Press escape to close. Create a new account Close Email Email Location Home Business Prefix First Name Middle Name Last Name Suffix Gender Male Female Undisclosed Country Address Type Home Business Address 1 Address 2 Address 3 Address 4 City State Postal Code Phone Number Date Of Birth Password Confirm Password Agree To Privacy Policy IMAs Felony Agreement CMA Confidentiality Agreement IMAs Statement of Ethical Professional Practice Already a Member? Sign In Validate mail form. Press escape to close. Create a new account Close Email Lost password form. Insert an info and press enter to submit, or press escape to close. Forgot password? close Enter the email associated with your account and we’ll send an email with instructions to reset your password. Email Login form. Insert an info and press enter to submit, or press escape to close. Sign in to MyIMA Close Username Username Error Message Password Password Error Message Forgot Password? Change Username New users Create a profile to explore IMA's free resources, keep track of your CPE using our dashboard tool, access myIMA Network, and more. Register Now Confirm address message dialog. Press escape to close. close Cancel and edit address Continue and Save Address × Join IMA’s Professional Network CMA Candidates Advance Your Career with the CMA IMA’s prestigious CMA® certification opens the door to advancement, demonstrates expertise, provides greater visibility, and empowers you to become a more confident and valued partner in your organization. Learn How to Enroll CMAs The Latest Information for CMAs To remain ahead of the curve, you’ll need to stay current on the latest trends, events, and continuing education. IMA provides CMAs a place to strengthen the strategic insight that sets them apart. Continue Your Education Students Prep for Success IMA helps students succeed on their career path through programs, scholarships and networking opportunities. Gain access to student chapters, events and more at a significantly reduced membership rate. Learn More Academics Encourage Your Students to Become CMAs IMA academic members help shape the future of the profession by providing scholarship and leadership opportunities for students. IMA also provides resources that support your academic goals, including publishing opportunities, leading-edge research, and materials you can use in the classroom Learn More Employers Nurture In-House Talent You’ve already committed to helping your employees develop their skills and achieve their potential. Now watch your team rise together when you bring the broad business acumen that comes with the CMA® into your organization. Get Started CMA Candidates Advance Your Career with the CMA IMA’s prestigious CMA® certification opens the door to advancement, demonstrates expertise, provides greater visibility, and empowers you to become a more confident and valued partner in your organization. Learn How to Enroll CMAs The Latest Information for CMAs To remain ahead of the curve, you’ll need to stay current on the latest trends, events, and continuing education. IMA provides CMAs a place to strengthen the strategic insight that sets them apart. Continue Your Education Students Prep for Success IMA helps students succeed on their career path through programs, scholarships and networking opportunities. Gain access to student chapters, events and more at a significantly reduced membership rate. Learn More Academics Encourage Your Students to Become CMAs IMA academic members help shape the future of the profession by providing scholarship and leadership opportunities for students. IMA also provides resources that support your academic goals, including publishing opportunities, leading-edge research, and materials you can use in the classroom Learn More Employers Nurture In-House Talent You’ve already committed to helping your employees develop their skills and achieve their potential. Now watch your team rise together when you bring the broad business acumen that comes with the CMA® into your organization. Get Started IMA offers certifications for every stage of your career journey FMAA Demonstrate your proficiency in the fundamentals of financial and managerial accounting. CMA Validate your mastery of a comprehensive body of knowledge in accounting and financial management. CSCA Expand your strategic planning skills and enhance your analytical ability. Compare Certifications Become a CMA Realize your professional potential Now is the time to begin meeting your goals. IMA’s CMA certification will improve your knowledge, add value to your organization, and enhance your career opportunities. Learn more Grow and Connect with Us Asia Pacific Events Connect with a Local Approved Review Course Provider Our Local Partners Contact IMA Asia Pacific Insights & Trends For You Insights Access Tools & Resources IMA is with you as you progress through your career. Find tools and resources in our career center. Career Tools & Resources Management Accounting Careers Our Partners Copyright Footer Message Modal dialog with search input and trending search terms suggestion. Press Escape to close. Hide Filters Show Filters TRENDING System message dialog. Press escape to close. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet close Menu with regions names. Regions Close Asia Pacific 中国 (China) Europe Global Americas India Middle East/Africa $name // $name // $name // $name // $name // $name // myIMA Network // IMA Certifications Earning CPE credits Your Career Continuing Education Insights & Trends Membership About IMA Advocacy Blog Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Governance Leadership Sustainable Business Management Contact IMA Careers Become a Sponsor Contact Us IMA Giving Newsroom Career Tools Accountant Salaries Management Accountant Careers Leadership Development Career Center $name // $name // $name // $name // $name // $name // myIMA Network // ©1997-2024, Institute of Management Accountants, Inc. Site Help & FAQ Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions myIMA