Eliminating Child Sexual Abuse Online – Internet Watch Foundation Beware of Email Scammers Impersonating the Internet Watch Foundation - Click for more info Donate Report About us Why we exist How we remove content Who we are Careers Our international work Our campaigns Annual Report 25th Anniversary Membership Benefits of membership Our members What our members say Case studies Member services Fees How to join Our technology Our services IntelliGrade Report remove Crawler Chatbot Policy work UK Policy Work EU Policy Work European Child Sexual Abuse Legislation Advocacy Group International Policy Work End-to-End Encryption IWF Champions Mentions by Parliamentarians Support us How your support makes a difference Donate to IWF Fundraising for IWF Partnership and philanthropy Easy everyday ways to support Collection4Clothes Resources Sextortion End-to-end encryption & online safety AI Child Sexual Abuse News NEW Report: How AI is being abused to create child sexual abuse imagery READ AI REPORT We work to stop the repeated victimisation of people abused in childhood and make the internet a safer place, by identifying & removing global online child sexual abuse imagery. Report suspected online child sexual abuse images or videos here. Watch our 2022 Annual Report Snapshot Read the full report here. Latest news Pioneering chatbot reduces searches for illegal sexual images of children A major 18-month trial project has demonstrated a first-of-its-kind chatbot and warning message can reduce the number of online searches that may potentially be indicative of intent to find sexual images of children. 29 February 2024 News How online predators use privacy apps. New podcast episode from the IWF In Converstaion with Tegan Insoll, Head of Research at Suojellaan Lapsia, and Dan Sexton, Chief Technology Officer at the IWF 15 February 2024 Blog “Trailblazing” partnership takes aim at criminals profiting from child sexual abuse online Criminals running commercial child sexual abuse ‘brands’ are taking advantage of a ‘loophole’ to remain online. This new partnership aims to shut them down for good. 7 February 2024 News A sporting twist for a serious cause – working together to stop child sexual abuse online Pinsent Masons, a leading multinational law firm held the Move for a Safer Internet challenge to raise essential funds and awareness of IWF’s critical work. 6 February 2024 News What did we learn from the US Senate hearing over online harms? By Susie Hargreaves OBE, Internet Watch Foundation CEO 1 February 2024 Blog Link management platform Rebrandly joins the IWF Rebrandly, which provides a free URL Shortener Platform with custom domains to shorten a long link, joined the IWF as members in December 2023. 18 January 2024 News See more Our new podcast In Conversation With Listen now Our tech Latest News The IWF in 2022 375,230 Reports assessed by our team 255,588 Reports confirmed to show child sexual abuse 51369 Number of Category A (the most severe) reports in 2022 137% Rise in imagery featuring boys compared to previous year See more of the data and trends from 2022 in our Annual Report. IntelliGrade: Ground-breaking new tech from IWF IntelliGrade from IWF. IntelliGrade, from the Internet Watch Foundation, is helping companies and law enforcement bodies to fight back against criminals who trade, store and upload images and videos showing the sexual abuse of children. It's is a powerful new tool that enables our analysts to accurately grade child sexual abuse images and videos, and create hashes (digital fingerprints) that are compatible with child sexual abuse laws and classifications in the UK, US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Interpol Baseline standard. Read more. The IWF combines the technical know-how with a deep understanding of the human cost of this awful crime. The organisation's work creates scale and impact to tackle this issue, and Google is proud to work so closely with the IWF. Google Sign up to our newsletter Your Name Name required Last Email Address Valid email required You can unsubscribe at any time using the link at the bottom of newsletter emails or you can contact us directly – please see section five of our Privacy Notice for further information. Navigation Contact us Careers Useful links FAQs Complaints Accessibility Statement Privacy Notice Terms of Use Information Security Statement Sitemap Report something else Emails Impersonating IWF Connect with us © 2023 Internet Watch Foundation All Rights Reserved | Registered Charity Number: 1112398 Search iwf.org.uk About us Why we exist How we remove content Who we are Careers Our international work Our campaigns Annual Report 25th Anniversary Membership Benefits of membership Our members What our members say Case studies Member services Fees How to join Our technology Our services IntelliGrade Report remove Crawler Chatbot Policy work UK Policy Work EU Policy Work European Child Sexual Abuse Legislation Advocacy Group International Policy Work End-to-End Encryption IWF Champions Mentions by Parliamentarians Support us How your support makes a difference Donate to IWF Fundraising for IWF Partnership and philanthropy Easy everyday ways to support Collection4Clothes Resources Sextortion End-to-end encryption & online safety AI Child Sexual Abuse News