Skift: Travel News, Airline News and Hotel News Javascript is required for this site to display correctly. search News Latest News Travel News Travel Megatrends 2024 Ask Skift AI Search Global Travel Outlook 2024 News By Sector Hotels Tourism Online Travel Airlines Short-Term Rentals AI Tour Operators Business Travel See All Sectors Stay Connected Free Skift Newsletters Skift Podcasts Airline Weekly News Skift Meetings News Daily Lodging Report Skift ProAccess exclusive travel research, data insights, and surveysSubscribe Now Events Upcoming Events Skift India Summit Skift Data + AI Summit Skift Global Forum View All Events Event Information Subscriber Access Sponsorship Opportunities Frequently Asked Questions Event Highlights Research Latest Research Navigating Q4 2023: Analysing the Value of Travel Credit Cards in the U.S. Outbound Travel 2024: Asia’s Big Year, Europe’s Slowdown Will Hotel Pricing Strength Continue into 2024? Research By Sector Tourism Technology Hospitality Consumer Habits See All Sectors Featured Tools State of Travel 2023 Skift Travel 200 Short-Term Rental Top 250 Travel Health Index Hotel Tech Benchmark Skift ResearchAccess exclusive travel research, data insights, and surveysSubscribe Now Advertise Get Access search person Login Airlines American Airlines Goes All In on Its Loyalty Program and Small Cities Meghna Maharishi | 10 mins ago American unveiled an interesting strategy during its investor day Monday afternoon — bolster its loyalty program and presence in small U.S. cities. Latest Travel News Short-Term Rentals EU Passes ‘Airbnb Law’ to Require Short-Term Rental Platforms to Share Data 45 mins ago Airlines New Lounges, Seats, and AI Tech for British Airways: 5 Big Changes Coming Soon 2 hours ago Short-Term Rentals Top U.S. Markets For Short-Term Rental Arbitrage 5 hours ago Airlines Turkish Airlines Makes Australian Debut – Should Qantas Be Worried? 5 hours ago See More News Editor’s Picks American Airlines Goes All In on Its Loyalty Program and Small Cities New Lounges, Seats, and AI Tech for British Airways: 5 Big Changes Coming Soon American Airlines Orders 260 New Planes: Here’s What They’re Getting Watch: Skift Events Skift on LinkedIn Live Will Taylor Swift Change Your Travel Plans? Hotel News Chalet Hotels to Acquire Courtyard by Marriott Aravali Resort – India ReportMarch 5, 2024 Life House CEO Resigns as Hotel Startup Faces ComplaintsMarch 4, 2024 Accor Leans Into Premium Hotel Brands, Franchising, and ChinaMarch 3, 2024 Online Travel News Tripadvisor Plus Is Officially Dead: Here’s Why It Didn’t WorkMarch 4, 2024 AirAsia Move CEO: What It Would Take for the Superapp to IPOMarch 1, 2024 Cleartrip Is Winning More Travel Agents for Its Agency Business – India ReportFebruary 29, 2024 Airline News New Lounges, Seats, and AI Tech for British Airways: 5 Big Changes Coming SoonMarch 5, 2024 Turkish Airlines Makes Australian Debut – Should Qantas Be Worried?March 5, 2024 British Airways is Back: Two Asian Capitals Rejoin Route Network March 5, 2024 Tourism News Chinese Travel to Middle East Bounces Back to Pre-Pandemic LevelsMarch 4, 2024 Morocco’s Resilience: Intrepid Travel Helps Tourism Rebound After EarthquakeMarch 1, 2024 ​​Dubai Hotels and Restaurants Featured In Netflix’s ‘Somebody Feed Phil’March 1, 2024 Travel Megatrends 2024 Skift Megatrends We’ve unwrapped this year’s Megatrends. Read about the ideas that will define the travel industry this year. Read More Latest Skift Research Skift Travel Health Index: The 2024 TransitionSkift Travel Health Index: January 2024 HighlightsNavigating Q4 2023: Analysing the Value of Travel Credit Cards in the U.S.Outbound Travel 2024: Asia’s Big Year, Europe’s SlowdownWill Hotel Pricing Strength Continue into 2024?Skift Travel Health Index: December 2023 Highlights Skift Travel 200 Vs. S&P 500 The Skift Travel 200 (ST200) combines the financial performance of nearly 200 travel companies worth more than a trillion dollars into a single number, making it easy to track travel industry performance for the first time ever. See more on travel company stock performance. Latest Daily Briefings smartphone The Daily Newsletter Our daily coverage of the global travel industry. Written by editors and analysts from across Skift’s brands. Airline Weekly Lounge Search Smarter Use Ask Skift to get in-depth insight into the business of travel. Meetings News Entries Now Open: Skift Meetings Awards 2024 6 hours ago Monique Ruff-Bell: Smile Through the Pain 1 day ago New Guide Helps Events Support First Nations Peoples 1 day ago Prince Harry’s Travalyst Aims to Provide Clarity in Sustainable Travel 4 days ago More Meetings News Hotel Business News Thailand’s Real Estate Outlook 5 hours ago Travel + Leisure Finalizes Accor Vacation Club Acquisition 21 hours ago New Four Seasons Properties in Dalian, China and Okinawa, Japan 1 day ago Global Hotel Construction Pipeline Sets a New Record 5 days ago More Hotel News Skift Events Calendar Attend the travel industry’s leading events and learn from the top executives and creatives shaping travel’s future. March 19-20 Delhi Skift India Summit June 4 New York City Skift Data + AI Summit September 17-19 New York City Skift Global Forum 2024 What to Expect Insights New Trend Report: Unlocking the Connected Customer Trip Travel insurance has become an unexpected linchpin in delivering a fully connected customer experience, helping travel providers offer more personalized purchasing options, balance self-service with the human touch, and open new avenues for lasting customer relationships. Read More How Travel Advertising Is Adapting to the Rise of Smart Homes In the face of today’s fragmented advertising landscape, travel brands are using connected home experiences such as streaming TV and smart speakers to reach and engage customers at moments when they are more receptive to brand messages. Read More Q&A: Intrepid’s CEO on Why Doing Good Is Good for Business With more consumers holding travel companies accountable for their social and environmental impacts, the high-minded notion that purpose-led companies can also be profitable is proving out. Read More Skift X Focused on connecting companies with Skift’s unique ecosystem of travel industry influencers and decision makers, our in-house marketing studio creates engaging, insightful content and experiences for brands. Speak With Our Team Our Brands Airline Weekly The aviation sector’s premier source for exclusive news and insightful analysis, written by industry experts. We cover everything from who’s flying where, to innovative strategy, fleet, finance, and airline and airport data. Go to Airline Weekly Skift Meetings The world’s most respected online resource for event professionals, complete with free newsletters, articles, events, and reports – all focused on the latest event-specific trends, technology, innovation, and education. Go to Skift Meetings Daily Lodging Report As the hospitality industry’s insider email for the past two decades, we boil down the essential industry news into a quick, easily-digestible comprehensive daily report. Trusted by top executives around the world. Go to Daily Lodging Report Skift Pro Skift Pro is our daily news membership service. Readers rely on our in-depth reporting, exclusive interviews, and breaking news coverage to make decisions and get ahead of competitors. Choose Your Subscription Subscribe to The Daily Skift’s morning newsletter delivers breaking news, features, and exclusive analysis from around the world straight to your inbox, six days a week. Travel Sectors Tourism Online Travel Hotels Short-Term Rentals Airlines Business Travel Meetings Tour Operators See All Skift Brands Skift Meetings Airline Weekly Daily Lodging Report Skift Research Skift Live Twenty31 About Skift About Skift Where to Find Us Media Resources The Team Careers Follow Us Facebook Instagram Whatsapp X LinkedIn YouTube Email Help Center Share a News Tip © 2024 Skift All rights reserved Terms of Service Privacy Policy