Photofocus | Photo education, camera reviews, software tutorials Skip to content REVIEWS Luxli Cello2: A must-have continuous LED light Fujifilm X100VI: My new desert island camera Manfrotto Element MII Red: Your versatile travel photography BFF? Quick review: FlexiSpot Clamp Power Strip Manfrotto Element Small Traveler Tripod: A travel tripod that won’t weigh you down A first look at the Ricoh GR IIIx Review: Flexispot E7 Pro Height Adjustable Premium Standing Desk — even better? Zhiyun Fiveray M20 review: Pocket video light first look Excire Foto 2024: Keyword your images automatically PGYTech Protective Wrap: It’s got your gear covered A ThinkTAP company Facebook Twitter Instagram Flickr 500px Youtube Flipboard Soundcloud Apple Envelope Rss Photo Video Software Reviews Mobile Menu Photo Video Software Reviews Mobile Search Search DEALS COMMUNITY TIPS GET NEWS Search Search Podcasts + webinars More + It’s time for the Video Creators Virtual Summit! Free training: Video Creators Virtual Summit starts in three days Don’t miss our Drowning in Photos event Roundtable: “Stampede!” with Julie Vincent and Jeff Cruz Night photography: Light painting Joshua Tree’s ghostsKen LeeI will describe how I light painted the Ryan Ranch ruins in Joshua Tree National Park. Hopefully it inspires you to try light painting yourself! Ryan Ranch night photo with handheld light painting, ... Night photography: Light painting Joshua Tree’s ghosts Ken Lee Industry headlines Fujifilm announces X100VI mirrorless digital camera Luminar Neo celebrates its 2nd anniversary Meet the instructors of the Video Creators Virtual Summit! Ricoh announces new large-aperture, high-performance PENTAX spotting scope PENTAX WG-90 waterproof digital compact camera will be available in early February Excire Search 2024 brings next-gen AI to Lightroom Classic Hollyland announces Lark M2 Wireless Lavalier Microphone Latest stories Visualizing artwork on your walls Lauri Novak Visualizing artwork on your walls is not always easy. Many decorating companies offer a service that allows you to place artwork on your own walls, Deal alert: Check out these WPPI specials on B&H! Joy Celine Asto With the WPPI 2024 in full swing, the folks of B&H have put together a selection of photo and video specials just for the event. How to create a bokeh background using water Joy Celine Asto Adding bokeh to the background is one of the sure-fire ways to make portraits extra interesting. It may not be easily available in your shooting Am I making art? Lisa Robinson Art for art’s sake. That’s what this is all about. I grew up a creative kid and was always in love with art class. I Reviews Luxli Cello2: A must-have continuous LED light Kevin Ames Reviews Fujifilm X100VI: My new desert island camera Scott Bourne Manfrotto Element MII Red: Your versatile travel photography BFF? Ken Lee Quick review: FlexiSpot Clamp Power Strip Andy Ford Manfrotto Element Small Traveler Tripod: A travel tripod that won’t weigh you down Andy Ford Fujifilm X100VI: My new desert island camera Scott Bourne Manfrotto Element MII Red: Your versatile travel photography BFF? Ken Lee Quick review: FlexiSpot Clamp Power Strip Andy Ford Software tutorials Radiant Photo update review: Portrait tools with subject-aware skin tone detection Jemma Pollari Mylio Photos: Keep your family memories organized Dave Moser Keystoning: What is it, how to avoid it, and one way to fix Bob Coates DxO FilmPack 7 walkthrough (Part Two) Julie Powell DxO FilmPack 7 walkthrough (Part One) Julie Powell How to export your images from DxO PhotoLab7 Julie Powell Basic photo editing in DxO PhotoLab 7 Julie Powell Software After Effects tutorial: Expanding text reveal Andy Ford What event are you attending (and documenting) this weekend? Dave Moser Here’s a quick pre-show post for those going to an event or conference this weekend or the coming week. We recently covered the upcoming WPPI and mentioned the ongoing RootsTech 2024 conference. Maybe there’s something else you’re attending — and Read More Question of the Week: What photography gear are you decluttering soon? Photofocus Team It’s time to make your voice heard! Each week, we ask a question of our readers so we know what sort of content to produce more of. Your input helps us make Photofocus better. With spring just around the corner, Read More Three ways to improve video engagement Andy Ford Engagement is my favorite metric to track, as it represents the overall performance and health of your video. Unlike so-called vanity metrics such as Views (which show the reach of your video), metrics like Audience Retention tell you the percentage Read More In case you missed it ... Some favorites from our archives. MPB: Providing a core service to visual storytellers Dave Moser Comparing orthochromatic and panchromatic black and white films Joy Celine Asto Cull images faster than ever in Capture One 23 Julie Powell Fujifilm GFX System: A film photographer’s review Joy Celine Asto 10 quick tips for better video audio quality Keith Elliott In content creation, it’s often said that audio quality can make or break a video. While stunning visuals are essential, clear and immersive audio plays a significant role in engaging your audience and maintaining their attention. Whether you’re a seasoned Read More Photography inspiration: Three realities you’ll encounter as a photographer Joy Celine Asto At some points in our journey as photographers, we will encounter realities that can affect our motivation and interest in the craft. As with any creative activity, there will be moments of highs and lows. They will definitely have some Read More SlickPic Photography Challenge: Reflections Photofocus Team Another week, another fun photography challenge! Ready to dial your photography skills and creative juices up a notch with another from the folks of SlickPic? For the ninth week of their 52-week Photo Challenge, they want everyone to point their Read More Invest in your photography skills before upgrading your gear Joy Celine Asto Been saving up for a new camera and think it’s finally time for you buy one? There’s no problem with that if you’re in urgent need of an upgrade, especially if you’re a professional photographer. However, you may want to Read More Capturing behind the scenes with SJCam C300 Julie Powell A little while back I wrote a review on the SJCam Action Camera C300. Little did I know when I first started using it how versatile this little camera could be and just how much I would be using it. Read More Documenting everyday life through photography Erika Thornes Everyday life sometimes surprises us. Sometimes, something happens in our lives that define who we are. Some of those moments are planned, like a wedding. We spend time thinking about the ceremony, who we want to invite, how we want Read More What is a DSLR camera? DSLRs vs mirrorless cameras Nate Torres In this video, I discuss my journey into the realm of photography, which began with a crucial decision: selecting my first camera. Amidst the vast array of options, this choice appeared daunting. My exploration led me to focus on one Read More Our top reviewed cameras 1. Sony a1$6498 | Read review 2. Canon EOS R5$3899 | Read review 3. Fujifilm X-T4$1699 | Read review 4. Pentax K-3 III$1996.95 | Read review 5. OM SYSTEM OM-1$2199 | Read review Get more in your inbox Get a regular dose of inspiration, education and all the latest news and reviews, delivered to your inbox each week. Subscribe About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal Copyright 2022, ThinkTAP. All rights reserved.Photofocus.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program. As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. Photofocus.com is also a participant in the B&H Photo and KEH Camera affiliate programs. PhotoVideoSoftwareReviewsMobileCommunity Search Search Facebook Twitter Flipboard Instagram Flickr 500px Youtube Soundcloud Apple Envelope InspirationDronesBusinessPodcastsWebinarsNews GuidesOpinionQuick TipsDealsAll stories About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal About Community Meet Our Team The Publisher Partner With Us Contact Us Legal Copyright 2022, ThinkTAP We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK