CBS Boston - Breaking News, Sports, Weather, I-Team Investigations Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Boston A greater Boston starts here facebook twitter instagram youtube News All News Health I-Team Politics Education Business Consumer Entertainment CBS+ Weather NEXT Weather Forecast Radar & Maps School Closings School Visits Climate Change Share Photos and Videos Join Weather Watchers Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Revolution Odds Video WBZ Features New England Living Question Everything It Happens Here Keller @ Large Wednesday's Child Climate Watch Change Makers Contact Us TV Schedule Meet Our Team Station Info Contests Jobs & Internships Download Our App CBS News Live CBS News Boston: Local News, Weather & More CBS News Boston is your streaming home for breaking news, weather, traffic and sports for the Boston area and beyond. Watch 24/7. Sep 24, 2019 CBS News Boston CBS News Live Latest News from WBZ More Super Tuesday in Massachusetts brings an opportunity for independent voters Massachusetts is one of 15 states holding primaries or caucuses on Super Tuesday​ and independent voters may play a big role here. updated 33M ago Who can vote in the 2024 Massachusetts primary? If you're wondering who can vote in the 2024 Massachusetts primary, the answer is any registered voter - even independents. 1H ago Gray whale, extinct in Atlantic Ocean for 200 years, seen off Nantucket A gray whale was spotted recently off the Massachusetts coast in what experts call an "incredibly rare event." 1H ago Lucas Giolito may miss 2024 Red Sox season with an elbow injury A "concerning" elbow injury may cost Lucas Giolito his 2024 season. 2H ago Mass. man at center of deadly 2012 meningitis outbreak pleads to manslaughter in Michigan Barry Cadden​, the Massachusetts man at the center of a deadly national meningitis outbreak in 2012​, pleaded no contest to 11 counts of involuntary manslaughter in Michigan. updated 8M ago Woburn photographer's "crap trap" collects trash at pond and turns it into art A photographer came up with a device to collect trash at his local pond and turn it into art. 8H ago I-Team: Advocates say Massachusetts prison system is setting inmates up to fail A man who spent 33 years behind bars said few inmates are getting the education and training needed to make it on the outside. 20H ago Hudson man accused of cornering girls in bathroom, charged with kidnapping A man with an alleged history of inappropriate behavior at a church in central Massachusetts is now facing kidnapping charges. 5H ago Facebook, Instagram services restored after users report widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users earlier today reported that they were booted out of the social media platforms, with many unable to log back in. 1H ago More Latest News Featured On WBZ How to vote in the Massachusetts 2024 presidential primary On Super Tuesday, Massachusetts residents can vote for their choice of candidates in the 2024 Republican and Democratic primaries. Here is how to vote in the primary election. 6H ago How to figure out your polling place for the 2024 Massachusetts primary Massachusetts will vote in the 2024 primary on Super Tuesday, and here's where you can vote or find your polling location for Election Day. Mar 4 How many delegates does Massachusetts have, and how are they awarded? On Super Tuesday 2024, Massachusetts primary voters will decide how many delegates each Republican and Democratic candidate is pledged at their party's convention. Mar 4 Latest Videos More Latest Videos Barry Cadden, man at center of deadly meningitis outbreak, pleads no contest to manslaughter Barry Cadden was the co-founder and former owner of the New England Compounding Center (NECC) in Framingham. 36M ago 00:42 Barry Cadden, man at center of deadly meningitis outbreak, pleads no contest to manslaughter "Incredibly rare" gray whale spotted off Nantucket A gray whale, extinct for 200 years in the Atlantic Ocean, was seen off the Massachusetts coast. 1H ago 00:23 Next Weather: WBZ Midday Update For March 5 Lexie O'Connor has your latest weather forecast. 1H ago 03:14 Independent voters see opportunity on Super Tuesday in Massachusetts Voters are headed to the polls on Tuesday for the presidential primary. 1H ago 01:59 Sports Final: What did the Patriots learn at the NFL Scouting Combine? ESPN's Mike Reiss joins Steve Burton on Sports Final to discuss which players the Patriots met with at the combine and what they learned about each of them. He also touched on New England's future at quarterback, the future of Mac Jones in the NFL, and the troubling results for the Pats in the recent NFLPA survey. 1H ago 05:26 More in Latest Videos NEXT Weather NEXT Weather Next Weather: WBZ Midday Update For March 5 Lexie O'Connor has your latest weather forecast. 1H ago 03:14 March starts off warm, but don't put away winter gear just yet There's a lot happening in March when it comes to Boston weather. Mar 1 I-Team Investigations I-Team: Advocates say Massachusetts prison system is setting inmates up to fail A man who spent 33 years behind bars said few inmates are getting the education and training needed to make it on the outside. 20H ago Wife blames Danvers nursing home for husband's death, calling it "neglect" A Salem woman says her husband went to a North Shore nursing home for rehabilitation and within months he was dead. Feb 21 Health USPS will stop accepting orders for free COVID tests on March 8 Free pandemic-era courses of Pfizer's Paxlovid will also stop being dispensed, but there are some other options for getting it. 1H ago Can doing daily affirmations improve your mental health? Could doing daily affirmations boost your mental health? A new study out of California says yes. 20H ago Current Conditions More Weather WBZ-TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Sports More Mike Evans had zero interest in signing with Patriots Mike Evans was supposed to be the biggest name on the free-agent market among wide receivers. He had other plans though. 1H ago Lucas Giolito may miss 2024 Red Sox season with an elbow injury A "concerning" elbow injury may cost Lucas Giolito his 2024 season. 2H ago Russell Wilson? Jacoby Brissett? Pats' options for veteran QB The Patriots reportedly want a veteran quarterback, even if they draft a rookie. Let's look at Russell Wilson, Jacoby Brissett, and more options in free agency. 1H ago The Celtics' dominance is downright scary right now It's getting kinda silly with the Boston Celtics, who are rolling through the rest of the NBA right now. 1H ago Pavel Zacha scores 2 goals as the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs 4-1 Pavel Zacha scored twice to help the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs 4-1 on Monday night. 15H ago Jayson Tatum named East Player of the Month for February February was a great month for Jayson Tatum, and the NBA took notice. 21H ago Swayman, Bruins have begun contract extension discussions The Bruins have "begun discussing an extension with Jeremy Swayman." 22H ago Jaylen Brown named East Player of the Week Jaylen Brown has been named the Eastern Conference's Player of the Week for the fourth time in his career. 22H ago Wyc Grousbeck says it's title or bust for the Boston Celtics It's hard not to be hyped about the Boston Celtics right now. But it's title or bust for the best team in the NBA. Mar 4 More Sports News Download the CBS Boston app Latest COVID-19 Coverage It Happens Here New England Living Question Everything More Could turning office buildings into apartments solve Boston's housing crisis? With Boston in the midst of a housing crisis, could office buildings be the solution? Feb 29 Why is it so hard to get a doctor's appointment? It's never been harder trying to find a doctor and if you've been having trouble, you are not alone. Feb 19 Is there a way to fix the pothole problem in Massachusetts? Road crews try to keep up, but during the winter it's more about survival than success. Feb 14 View More It Happens Here More Worcester Art Museum connects local and global with impressive collections Visitors to the Worcester Art Museum can go on a ride through history with a pretty significant stop in medieval Europe. Feb 29 Best salad bar in the world? Lambert's Market in Westwood says they have it There's a family run market in Westwood where people actually get excited about grocery shopping and the salad bar. Feb 15 Author documenting Roxbury's history creates Black veterans calendar Haywood Fennell is documenting Black history in Roxbury and he's created a calendar to honor Black veterans for their service Feb 8 More from It Happens Here Health News More Health News USPS will stop accepting orders for free COVID tests on March 8 Free pandemic-era courses of Pfizer's Paxlovid will also stop being dispensed, but there are some other options for getting it. 1H ago Can doing daily affirmations improve your mental health? Could doing daily affirmations boost your mental health? A new study out of California says yes. 20H ago People who spend time on social media are more likely to get plastic surgery A study out of Boston University found that people who spend more time on social media are more likely to undergo cosmetic procedures. 20H ago Vaping doubles risk of headaches in teens, study finds A team of researchers found that daily vaping doubled the risk of frequent headaches in teens. 20H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 More Health News I-Team More I-Team I-Team: Advocates say Massachusetts prison system is setting inmates up to fail A man who spent 33 years behind bars said few inmates are getting the education and training needed to make it on the outside. 20H ago Wife blames Danvers nursing home for husband's death, calling it "neglect" A Salem woman says her husband went to a North Shore nursing home for rehabilitation and within months he was dead. Feb 21 Tewksbury State Hospital stabbing suspect arrested, neighbors on edge After an all-night manhunt, police found the suspect wanted in a stabbing at Tewksbury State Hospital. Feb 16 How much is Massachusetts spending to shelter and feed migrants and homeless population? Just how much money is Massachusetts paying to lodge and feed homeless people and migrants in the shelter system? Feb 16 I-Team: Families say proposed mental health legislation would prevent tragedies Massachusetts is one of only three states in the country that does not have Assisted Outpatient Treatment on the books. Feb 7 More from the I-Team Keller @ Large More Keller @ Large Keller @ Large: Could Massachusetts take over Brockton schools? Amid a series of issues at Brockton schools, could Massachusetts state officials move to take over control? Mar 3 Keller @ Large: Could independent Mass. voters give Nikki Haley a boost? Massachusetts is one of 15 states holding its primary on March 5. Feb 27 Keller: MBTA Board of Directors considers fare discount for low income families Massachusetts officials are proposing a plan that would allow low income families to ride the T at a discounted rate. Feb 25 Keller @ Large: Student loan forgiveness isn't turning into kudos for Biden The Biden administration knows it has a messaging problem when it comes to getting credit for student loan forgiveness. Feb 21 Keller: Who is John Deaton, the man running against Elizabeth Warren? John Deaton is running against Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren. Here is a look at Warren's newest opponent. Feb 20 More from Keller @ Large Business News More Business News Taffer's Tavern in Watertown closes permanently Taffer's Tavern in Watertown, the Massachusetts franchise location of "Bar Rescue" star Jon Taffer, is closing permanently. 17H ago Sullivan's announces opening day for hot dogs on Castle Island It's not spring in Boston until you can have a hot dog at Sullivan's Castle Island. Feb 29 Boston Beer Company announces change at CEO The Boston Beer Company, which makes Sam Adams, Truly Hard Seltzer and Twisted Tea, is announcing a change. Feb 28 Where to find Leap Day deals around Boston Leap Day is Thursday, February 29, and many Boston-area businesses and restaurants have special offers. Feb 29 Kittery votes to demolish popular Maine outlets for hotel, housing The popular Maine shopping center, the Outlets at Kittery, will be demolished to make room for a hotel, apartments and a restaurant. Feb 28 More Business News Offbeat More Offbeat It costs $1 million a month to rent this Martha's Vineyard property A Martha's Vineyard is available to rent for an astonishing $1 million a month. Mar 1 Massachusetts kids send over 2,000 Valentines to seniors in need Thousands of senior citizens were feeling the love this past Valentine's Day thanks to kids in Massachusetts. Feb 23 Car ends up sandwiched between SUVs in crash outside supermarket One person had minor injuries after a car became wedged between two SUVs in Wellesley. Feb 19 Here's why giant clown heads came to downtown Boston What exactly are those giant clown heads doing in downtown Boston? We got some answers. Feb 16 17 goats up for adoption after rescue from "poor conditions" The MSPCA is confident the rescued goats will make great pets. Feb 13 More Offbeat Headlines New England Living More New England Living Generations of penny candy, local goods, and whimsical shopping The Vermont Country Store has since become an iconic destination for locals and tourists alike. Jun 29, 2023 Museum, sculpture garden, theater, and more at Southern Vermont Arts Center Creating an inviting environment for the community to meet, enjoy and participate in the arts Jun 28, 2023 Entertaining audiences for 85 years at Weston Theater Company For over 85 years, Weston Theater Company has been creating engaging, entertaining, and inspiring theater. Jun 27, 2023 Curated experiences at Kimpton Taconic boutique hotel Surrounded by mountains, Kimpton Taconic is a boutique hotel offering both classic and highly curated experiences. Jun 26, 2023 Using daylight to create space and comfort in your home Learn how the strategic use of windows and harnessing the power of daylight can create space and comfort within a home. Jun 20, 2023 More from New England Living Latest Stories More Latest Stories USPS will stop accepting orders for free COVID tests on March 8 Free pandemic-era courses of Pfizer's Paxlovid will also stop being dispensed, but there are some other options for getting it. 1H ago Mass. man at center of deadly 2012 meningitis outbreak pleads to manslaughter in Michigan Barry Cadden​, the Massachusetts man at the center of a deadly national meningitis outbreak in 2012​, pleaded no contest to 11 counts of involuntary manslaughter in Michigan. updated 8M ago Gray whale, species extinct in Atlantic Ocean for 200 years, seen off Nantucket A gray whale was spotted recently off the Massachusetts coast in what experts call an "incredibly rare event." 1H ago Facebook, Instagram services restored after users report widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users earlier today reported that they were booted out of the social media platforms, with many unable to log back in. 1H ago Cookie Monster decries "shrinkflation" — and White House responds Economic issues hit Sesame Street, as Cookie Monster takes to social media to complain his favorite food is getting smaller. 4H ago More Latest Stories Sports More Sports Mike Evans had zero interest in signing with Patriots Mike Evans was supposed to be the biggest name on the free-agent market among wide receivers. He had other plans though. 1H ago Lucas Giolito may miss 2024 Red Sox season with an elbow injury A "concerning" elbow injury may cost Lucas Giolito his 2024 season. 2H ago Russell Wilson? Jacoby Brissett? Pats' options for veteran QB The Patriots reportedly want a veteran quarterback, even if they draft a rookie. Let's look at Russell Wilson, Jacoby Brissett, and more options in free agency. 1H ago The Celtics' dominance is downright scary right now It's getting kinda silly with the Boston Celtics, who are rolling through the rest of the NBA right now. 1H ago Pavel Zacha scores 2 goals as the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs 4-1 Pavel Zacha scored twice to help the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs 4-1 on Monday night. 15H ago More Sports News ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information WBZ-TV News Sports Weather Contests Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WBZ-TV Public File for WSBK-TV / myTV38 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On