NEW ADVENT: Home Home Encyclopedia Summa Fathers Bible Library A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z ‘Terrified’ Pro-Life Student Group Needs Police Protection From Baying Mob at Manchester University Lent’s Back Nine, The Laity, and Crazy...J.D. FlynnEvery year, more than 12 million people in the United States are affected by domestic or intimate partner violence. Among them are Catholics, who are not exempt from the prospect of facing violence or abuse in their relationships. But according to Catholic psychologist Chelsi Creech, serious Christians can sometimes face a particular obstacle... Hitting a baseball is the hardest skill to pull off in sports. Here’s why... Pope makes ‘minor’ changes to canonical supreme court...Ed CondonPope Francis issued a new motu proprio, Munus tribunalis, promulgated on Feb. 28 but published on March 2, amending the language of eight articles of the proper law of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura. The changes were characterized as “minor” by the Vatican’s official media portal, with most of the changes related to terminology and language, bringing the court’s proper law into harmony with the pope’s 2021 constitution on the Roman curia Praedicate Evangelium. The Spiritual Heart of the City: A Tour of Manhattan's 10 Most Stunning Churches... We are God’s handiwork, saved to live as His people in the light of His truth...Scott HahnThe Sunday readings in Lent have been showing us the high points of salvation history, God’s covenant with creation in the time of Noah; His promises to Abraham; the law He gave to Israel at Sinai. In today’s First Reading, we hear of the destruction of the kingdom established by God’s final Old Testament covenant, the covenant with David. His chosen people abandoned the law He gave them. For their sins, the temple was destroyed, and they were exiled in Babylon. We hear their sorrow and repentance in the exile lament we sing as today’s Psalm. Is it Impossible to Know Anything About God?Christopher KaczorImmanual Kant is one of the most important philosophers who ever lived. Kant did believe in God, yet he was skeptical of the ability of human reason to know anything about the Transcendent, including whether God exists. Why did Kant hold this view? In his notoriously difficult book Critique of Pure Reason... Opting for Benedict in an Ordinary Parish...Fr. Dwight LongeneckerI first encountered the Rule of St Benedict while I was a student at Oxford. I had enrolled to train as a priest in the Church of England, but a Catholic woman in the United States who had befriended me wrote and suggested I visit a Benedictine monastery. She didn’t quite understand that for a boy from Bob Jones University, monasteries and convents were one of the big dark secrets of the Catholic Church... Could the Average Person Be Talked Through Disarming A Nuclear Bomb? Denver-Based Augustine Institute Eyes Move to Boeing Leadership Center Near St. Louis, Missouri... French Canonist Questions the Legality of Mandating Priests to Concelebrate the Mass...Edward PentinReports have circulated for several years now of Catholic priests being told to cease saying private Masses by themselves and celebrate with other priests instead, a practice called concelebration. In 2021, for example, the Vatican banned priests from saying private Masses at the above-ground altars in St. Peter’s Basilica... Pope Francis meets FSSP head, confirms right to celebrate the Traditional Latin Mass... Pope Francis’ US Bishop Selections Under Scrutiny Amid Abundance of Potential Openings...Jonathan LiedlIs Pope Francis set to dramatically remake the U.S. episcopacy? Speculation has swirled throughout his 10-year pontificate that the Pontiff might appoint a slew of new bishops with more progressive theological views than the American status quo. Some have been elated by the prospect; others fearful. But by and large, Church watchers tell the Register that Francis has done no such thing. Jesus Cleansed Jerusalem’s Temple First. You’re Next... What Are We Teaching Our Students? 10 strange news items that make you think strange things... Tithing is a way to demonstrate our radical dependence on God as Father... Repentance and the Way of Perfection — that’s a path the Devil prefers you avoid... For Hundreds of Years, People Thought California Was an Island... Before you surrender your life to Jesus Christ you must turn away from yourself...Marlon De La TorreWhen God chose to make man in his image and likeness, man’s response was to give honor, glory, and praise to God for this wonderful and unique gift of life. The entire creation narration embedded within the first two chapters of Genesis explains the order of man’s relationship with God, first to represent Him in image, and likeness, and second, to care for the land bestowed upon him. In both instances, man enjoyed an unimpeded relationship with God... Pope Francis appoints American priest to role in Apostolic Signatura, Vatican’s highest court...Courtney MaresPope Francis has appointed a Catholic priest from the Diocese of Scranton, Pennsylvania, as an officer of the Vatican’s highest court. The Holy See Press Office announced on March 5 that Monsignor Shane L. Kirby has been named the substitute promoter of justice of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura. Is Catholic Feminism Working?Carrie GressThe idea that Catholics must embrace feminism to engage non-Catholic women has been repeated so frequently that it’s simply accepted as a truism. But is it actually working? Before answering that question, let’s take a close look at the work of St. John Paul II. He is generally invoked as the reason why we must have a Catholic feminism. As pope, John Paul was clearly interested in upholding the dignity of every woman... 12 Reasons People Who Work for the Church or Apostolates Burn Out, and How to Prevent It...Marcel LeJeuneThis verse is used as a half-hearted joke by many laity who work for the Church. Most will never be appreciated or paid enough for the amount of service given to the Church, at least in this life. But, there is a seriousness behind it as well. I started working full-time Catholic ministry in 2002. If that sounds like a long time, it is... Bishop Barron leads prayer vigil at Planned Parenthood, calls for end to ‘culture of death’... What to do before and after your phone gets lost or stolen? No need to panic: Just follow this guide... The Mother and the Governor...Fr. Victor FeltesWe say their names at every Sunday Mass. We recall them at the start of every Rosary. They are the only two, non-divine persons referred to by name in the Nicene and Apostles’ Creeds. They are the Virgin Mary and Pontius Pilate. Consider how many other figures from salvation history could have been justifiably cited in these creeds... ‘He Leadeth Me’: 9 Things to Know About Father Walter Ciszek, a 20th-Century Catholic Hero...Jim GravesJesuit Father Walter Ciszek (1904-84) was an American priest who traveled to the Soviet Union as a missionary, was arrested and imprisoned for 15 years in solitary confinement and labor camps, and spent another eight years there with restricted freedom. He experienced the harsh conditions of Siberia and the brutality of prison life, including the constant threat of starvation. Sex Is Binary, Say Majority of Scientists Polled... Church Militant to shut down following $500,000 defamation lawsuit brought by priest... Daffy people, big city problems, and media watch... Surveying the Landscape of History...Joseph PearceThe past is present whether we like it or not or know it or not. The past is where we are. We can’t be anywhere else in the present because of where we have been in the past. This is why the knowledge of history is so important. If we don’t know where we’ve been, we don’t know where we are; and if we don’t know where we are, we can’t know where we’re going. Interesting theory, but rights do come from God... If You Gild It, They Will Come — Spotlight on St. Peter's in Volo, Illinois... Family first? Or the Way of the Cross? On Religion: Are Attacks Against Churches ‘Hate Crimes’ Or Old News? Get this entire Catholic website as an instant digital download...The full contents of the New Advent website are available as a digital download. It includes the Catholic Encyclopedia, Church Fathers, Summa, Bible and more — and it's only $19.99... CATHOLIC LINKS Adoration: Adoration Directory Audio: Lighthouse Bibles: Douay - Knox - NAB - RSVCE Blogs: Blog Directory Bulletins: Seek and Find Calendars: Calendar - Easter Table Catechisms: Baltimore Catechism - Catechism of the Catholic Church Events: Catholic Event Finder Forums: Catholics Answers Novenas: Pray More Novenas HHS Mandate: Becket Fund Jobs: Jobs for Catholics Latin: Ecclesiastical Latin Resources Latin Mass: TLM Altar Server Tutorial - TLM Mass Directory Mass Times #1: MassTimes Mass Times #2: Catholic Mass Time Movie Reviews: USCCB Movie Reviews Panoramas: St. John Lateran - Sistine Chapel Readings: Today's Readings (USCCB) Retreats: U.S. Retreats and Retreat Centers OTHER LINKS Cameras: EarthCam (Live) - Aerial Panoramas Comics: Calvin and Hobbes - C&H Search Engine - Dilbert - Peanuts Customer Service: GetHuman Find Things: Mailboxes (USA) - Payphones - Phone Numbers Money: Missing Money Privacy: Do Not Call Reading Lists: USLHE - Marines Scanners: Air Traffic Control - Radio Reference - Broadcastify Shopping (Local): Yard Sales Tracking: Airplanes - ISS - Satellites - Ships #1 - Ships #2 Travel (Flying): Turbulence - VFR Maps - SeatGuru - FlightAware Travel (Hotels): Bed Bug Registry Weather: ECMRF (Europe) - NCAR/RAP - Wind Map - National Weather Service (USA) Copyright © 2023 by Kevin Knight Dedicated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. PRIVACY POLICY | ADVERTISE WITH NEW ADVENT