Home ACCOUNT SIGN OUT BACK What are you looking for? Popular Digital Health Artificial Intelligence Research Membership Self-Driving Cars Topics back Topics Accessibility Artificial Intelligence Audio and Video Augmented and Virtual Reality Automotive Digital Health Drones Health and Fitness Internet Robotics Smart Home Sustainability Tech for Good Wireless and 5G Who We Are back Who We Are Our Members Advocacy Diversity and Inclusion 100 Year Anniversary CTA Foundation Resources back Resources Research Forecasts Standards Nasdaq CTA Indexes Newsroom i3 Magazine Get Involved back Get Involved Membership Events Standards Committees Member Hub Mentor Program Member Groups join CTA Topics Topics Accessibility Artificial Intelligence Audio and Video Augmented and Virtual Reality Automotive Digital Health Drones Health and Fitness Internet Robotics Smart Home Sustainability Tech for Good Wireless and 5G Featured Item The Future of Travel and Hospitality Technology read more Who We Are Who We Are Our Members Advocacy Diversity and Inclusion 100 Year Anniversary CTA Foundation Featured Item CTA Foundation read more Resources Resources Research Forecasts Standards Nasdaq CTA Indexes Newsroom i3 Magazine Featured Item CTA U.S. Consumer Technology One-Year Industry Forecast, 2019-2024 (January 2024) read more Get Involved Get Involved Membership Events Standards Committees Member Hub Mentor Program Member Groups Featured Item Focus Fridays read more join CTA 0 1 / 0 5 Where the people, policies and insights of innovation come together. Featured Research Smart Policy to Secure Our Smart Future How to Promote a Secure Internet of Things for Consumers This CTA white paper explores how the current regulatory approach to Internet of Things (IoT) security protects consumers by ensuring their favorite connected devices put security first. Our MissionThe mission of the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)® is to help innovators of all sizes grow their business. Technology is about changing people's lives for the better. It's about ideas, large and small, that keep us connected, that help us move and that spark even bigger ideas.Join our community of innovators to shape the future of technology. 1K+ Member Companies and Counting 30+ Research Reports Free to Members 20+ Divisions, Councils and Working Groups CTA is where technology companies connect, collaborate and contribute. We believe that every company — from big, multinational companies to startups — has a voice in shaping our vibrant industry. Join CTA and all our member companies, and together we’ll face the most pressing issues affecting your business. Learn more about membership Together we shape our vibrant, evolving industry. Become a Member ﻿ Driving Growth with Insights CTA industry experts help you predict market conditions and plan for the future. With access to more than 500 reports and 30 consumer studies each year, you'll have timely and reliable insights into the latest trends in technology. Featured Research 2023 U.S. Consumer Technology Ownership and Market Potential Study View report Driving Consumer Adoption of Digital Health Solutions View Report The Future of Travel and Hospitality Technology View report More Research Advocating for Innovation Let's face the most pressing issues — together. Through policy work on Capitol Hill, we protect the innovation economy from laws and regulations that delay, restrict or ban the development of technologies. Advocacy Work Events We provide the platform for tech leaders to connect and collaborate, plus guide future innovators to propel the industry forward. Through exclusive events, working groups, mentor programs and more, we provide you with key opportunities to make invaluable connections. Learn More Setting Industry Standards With more than 70 committees, subcommittees and working groups and roughly 1,100 participants, the CTA Technology and Standards program maintains an unmatched reputation as a credible and flexible standards-making body accredited by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). Learn More CTA@CTA.tech 703-907-7600 1919 S. Eads Street, Arlington, VA 22202 Contact Us About CES.TECH Careers Advertise with i3 Greener Gadgets Store © CTA 2024 Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Terms of Use