European Society of Cardiology In order to bring you the best possible user experience, this site uses Javascript. If you are seeing this message, it is likely that the Javascript option in your browser is disabled. For optimal viewing of this site, please ensure that Javascript is enabled for your browser. Did you know that your browser is out of date? To get the best experience using our website we recommend that you upgrade to a newer version. Learn more. ESC sub specialties communities Associations Working Groups Councils Search ESC platforms Escardio.org ESC 365 ESC eLearning Membership Sign in to My ESC The ESC The ESC The ESC > Who We Are What We Do Membership Loading quicklinks... Congresses & Events Congresses & Events Congresses & Events > Congresses Congress Resources - ESC 365 World Cardio Agenda Working Group Events Radical Health Festival ESC TV ESC in Asia Loading quicklinks... Journals Journals Journals > ESC Journal Family e-Journal of Cardiology Practice National Cardiac Society Journals Loading quicklinks... Guidelines Guidelines Guidelines > Clinical Practice Guidelines Scientific Documents Recommended Reading Loading quicklinks... Education Education Education > ESC Education by Topic ESC 365 ESC Online Learning Career Development Loading quicklinks... Research Research Research > Research Funding Registries ESC Atlas of Cardiology BigData@Heart EuroHeart Cardiovascular data Loading quicklinks... Subspecialty communities Subspecialty communities Subspecialty communities > Association for Acute CardioVascular Care European Association of Preventive Cardiology European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging European Association of Percutaneous Cardiovascular Interventions European Heart Rhythm Association Heart Failure Association of the ESC Association of Cardiovascular Nursing & Allied Professions Working Groups Working Groups Working Groups > About the ESC Working Groups ESC Working Groups Online Events Working Group on Atherosclerosis and Vascular Biology Working Group on Cardiac Cellular Electrophysiology Working Group on Thrombosis Working Group on Pulmonary Circulation & Right Ventricular Function Working Group on Aorta and Peripheral Vascular Diseases Working Group on Myocardial Function Working Group on Myocardial & Pericardial Diseases Working Group on Adult Congenital Heart Disease Working Group on e-Cardiology Working Group on Development, Anatomy & Pathology Working Group on Coronary Pathophysiology & Microcirculation Working Group on Cellular Biology of the Heart Working Group on Cardiovascular Surgery Working Group on Cardiovascular Pharmacotherapy Working Group on Cardiovascular Regenerative and Reparative Medicine Councils Councils Councils > Council for Cardiology Practice Council on Basic Cardiovascular Science Council on Hypertension Council on Stroke Council of Cardio-Oncology Council on Cardiovascular Genomics Search Sign in to My ESC ESC Congress 2024: Thank you, abstract submitters! The journey continues... you can still submit your clinical cases by 8 March Submit today ESC TV Today - never miss a beat Extreme temperatures and the heart Paravalvular leak closure Watch now ICARe-HF New accreditation programme for heart failure centres Find out more and apply Call for candidates - Editor-in-Chief For the European Heart Journal - Cardiovascular Imaging Apply by 31 March Previous Next Professor Alain Cribier, FESC – In Memoriam The ESC is deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Professor Alain Cribier; a revolutionary who devoted his life to innovation in cardiology, enabling millions of patients to live longer lives. Read the ESC's in memoriam > Quick Access ESC Congress 2023 resources All presentations made at ESC Congress 2023 including Guidelines and Hot Lines Browse on ESC 365 Be more! Unlock your potential with ESC Professional Membership Discover the offer Level up your learning Online courses for continuous education and certification in all fields of cardiovascular science and medicine. Find out more Stay Up to Date Great science, direct to your inbox!Sign up for free to the My ESC News. Upcoming Congresses March 2024 Friday 08 March ESC event ESC Acute CardioVascular Care 2024 Athens - Greece The meeting place for all professionals dealing with patients in acute setting. 08/03/2024 00:00 10/03/2024 00:00 Europe/Paris ESC Acute CardioVascular Care 2024 Access event page Athens - Greece Association for Acute CardioVascular Care contact@escardio.org true DD/MM/YYYY April 2024 Sunday 07 April ESC event EHRA 2024 Berlin - Germany The annual meeting of the European Heart Rhythm Association (EHRA) brings together scientists, healthcare professionals and other players involved in arrhythmia management from all around the world. 07/04/2024 00:00 09/04/2024 00:00 Europe/Paris EHRA 2024 Access event page Berlin - Germany European Heart Rhythm Association contact@escardio.org true DD/MM/YYYY Friday 12 April ESC event Frontiers in CardioVascular Biomedicine 2024 Amsterdam - Netherlands The Frontiers in CardioVascular Biomedicine meeting is the place where all professionals from basic and translational cardiovascular biology come together. 12/04/2024 00:00 14/04/2024 00:00 Europe/Paris Frontiers in CardioVascular Biomedicine 2024 Access event page Amsterdam - Netherlands ESC Council on Basic Cardiovascular Science contact@escardio.org true DD/MM/YYYY View more Become a Member and Get More Whatever your area of expertise or place of work, you can access more. More science, more networking, more education. Become a member now Our Communities The European Society of Cardiology comprises 7 associations, 15 working groups, and 6 councils. Other ESC Contributions Guidelines All the relevant evidence to help physicians weigh the benefits/risks of diagnostic or therapeutic procedures. See more Discover the ESC Education Programme Find a selection of educational products, including webinars, online courses, clinical cases and resources designed to help diversify your CME Activities online. Read more European Heart Agency Established in Brussels, it uses its presence at the centre of European politics to influence policies for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Learn more Our mission: To reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease. About the ESC Who We Are What We Do ESC Board and Committees ESC Policies Statutes & Reports Press and Media ESC Press Office Press Releases ESC Congress ESC TV ESC Cardio Talk Information Our Offices Conference Facilities Jobs in Cardiology Terms & Conditions Update your cookie settings Follow us Need help? Help centre Contact us © 2024 European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.