Front Page | U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General Menu Reports All Reports COVID-19 Oversight Investigations Criminal and Civil Cases Misconduct Findings Ongoing Work News Recent Updates Multimedia Testimony FOIA About About the Office Meet the Inspector General Whistleblower Rights and Protections Webinar for Grantees: The Audit Process Contracting Opportunities Careers Contact Office Directory Hotline NDAA Notice REPORT FRAUD, WASTE & ABUSE Search Search Report on Issues Surrounding Inmate Deaths Read our evaluation of issues surrounding inmate deaths in Federal Bureau of Prisons institutions. Read Report FOIA Reading Room Browse documents of public interest released through FOIA, including misconduct reports, correspondence, and FOIA logs, in our FOIA Reading Room. Reading Room Top Management and Performance Challenges Read our annual report identifying the top management and performance challenges facing the Department of Justice. Read the Challenges Our Mission Promoting the rule of law through objective, independent oversight of the Department of Justice. Learn More Careers at the OIG Learn more about opportunities to work at the OIG as an Auditor, Data Analyst, Special Agent, Program Analyst, Investigative Counsel with work-life flexibilities and more. Learn More Hotline If you know about waste, fraud, abuse, misconduct, or whistleblower reprisal relating to a Department of Justice employee, program, contract, or grant you may report it to the OIG Hotline. Report Fraud, Waste & Abuse COVID-19 Oversight Read the OIG's completed and ongoing COVID-19 pandemic-related work. Learn More Previous Next CONNECT Sign up for email updates and follow us on Twitter & LinkedIn Subscribe Twitter Linkedin WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION Learn about the rights and protections of whistleblowers. Learn more TOP CHALLENGES DOJ's top management and performance challenges. Read more Recent Reports March 5, 2024 Investigative Summary: Findings of Misconduct by a then FBI Special Agent in Charge for Ethical Violations Pertaining to Financial Conflict of Interest and Use of Public Office for Private Gain February 28, 2024 Audit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Pocatello Data Center Pursuant to the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, Fiscal Year 2023 February 28, 2024 Audit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s National Data Exchange and Javelin Systems Pursuant to the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, Fiscal Year 2023 February 28, 2024 Audit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Information Security Management Program Pursuant to the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, Fiscal Year 2023 February 27, 2024 Recommendations Issued by the Office of the Inspector General that were Not Closed as of January 31, 2024 VIEW ALL Recent Updates TestimonyFebruary 28, 2024Statement of Michael E. Horowitz Inspector General, U.S. Department of Justice before the U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary concerning Examining and Preventing Deaths of Incarcerated Individuals in Federal Prisons NewsFebruary 27, 2024Compendium of Federal Bureau of Prisons Oversight Products Criminal or Civil CaseFebruary 22, 2024Former DEA Task Force Officer Sentenced To Prison For Unlawfully Assaulting Individual During Arrest NewsFebruary 21, 2024DOJ OIG Releases Management Advisory Memorandum of Concerns Regarding the Federal Bureau of Prisons’ Policies Pertaining to Special Housing Unit Logs Used to Record Mandatory Rounds and the Retention Period for the Original Logs VIEW ALL Reports by Type Audit Inspection/Evaluation Investigation Review Top Management and Performance Challenges Semiannual Reports Reports by Component Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Drug Enforcement Administration Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Bureau of Prisons United States Marshals Service Grant Making Components Return to top Oversight Work Criminal and Civil Cases Misconduct Findings Ongoing Work Pandemic Response Oversight Recent Updates Reports About About the Office Careers Contact Contracting Opportunities Meet the Inspector General Resources Accessibility Body Worn Camera Policies Webinar for Grantees: The Audit Process Whistleblower Rights and Protections NDAA Notice External Resources Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency Department of Justice Oversight.gov Pandemic Response Accountability Committee Department of Justice Twitter YouTube LinkedIn 950 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20530-0001 (202) 514-3435 In memory of OIG Special Agent William "Buddy" Sentner Privacy Policy | Legal Policies & Disclaimers | No Fear Act | Sitemap