PR Week. The leading source of news, insight and analysis on the Public Relations Industry Skip to Content Skip to Main Navigation Skip to Information Links Skip to Site Search Skip to Footer Skip to Accessibility Information Home Page Information Links PRWEEK asia PRWEEK USPRWEEK UKPRWEEK Middle EastPRWEEK Asia 30-Day Trial Sign in Register PR Week Global Search Menu Menu PRWEEK asia PRWEEK USPRWEEK UKPRWEEK Middle EastPRWEEK Asia Main Navigation News Opinion In-depth Campaigns Top 150 Events Search Search Trending : PR Awards Asia 2022 PR pros can sit back, relax and enjoy the AI disruption By Nitin Mantri, 26 July 2023 AI may signal an era of disruption for PR professionals, but it doesn't mean it's entirely disruptive to their human creativity and potential, shares Nitin Mantri. How the fintech industry should approach communications in a recession By Joseph Barratt, 26 July 2023 Some sectors and companies focus on quick wins over the longer-term foundational building as they face difficulty raising funding, pressures on profitability, and a general sense of gloom and doom. But fintech appears to be bucking the trend, says Mutant's Joseph Barratt. Latest Movers & Shakers: Sandpiper, Ogilvy PR Australia and more Barbie and Ken are on Bumble in new brand partnership Where are all the Women’s World Cup campaigns? Movers & Shakers: ANZ Bank, Ikea, Tesla and more From BTS to The Try Guys: How Kiswe is luring creators with ticketed live streams ‘It’s hardly deepfake territory’ – Maybelline’s mascara digital PR masterclass 6 things for marketers to know about Meta’s ‘Twitter killer,’ Threads Dear AI, are you human? Beyond briefs, Cannes rethinks creativity and capitalism Media execs: Twitter needs brand safety, not new bells and whistles Edelman Greater China president Pully Chau leaves after two years APAC agencies win Titanium and Glass Grand Prix at Cannes Lions McDonald’s international corporate relations chief to depart In-depth DDB Philippines pays hefty PR price in wake of bungled tourism campaign 5 July 2023 by Nikita Mishra DDB Philippines suffers a $900,000 contract loss and countless more in negative PR following tourism stock footage drama, but some critics feel the Philippines Tourism may have contributed to their own reputational crisis. Can resale programs make fast fashion sustainable? Zara is trying to find out 31 May 2023 by Lisa Lacy Fashion retailers face a tricky balance regarding environmental efforts. How momfluencers came to dominate influencer marketing 17 May 2023 by Matthew Keegan A marketer's dream for household spending, momfluencers might be acing the social media game with spotless kitchens and perfect lives, but are they pedalling an unreal construct of real motherhood? The big issues brands must tackle to deliver seamless consumer experiences 3 May 2023 by Shawn Lim CAMPAIGN 360 PREVIEW: Brands today cannot afford to make mistakes with customer experience. From technology to content and beyond, Campaign looks at how brands can better understand and deliver what consumers want. Neurodiversity in campaigns: the benefits of tapping into the world’s largest minority group 26 April 2023 by Matthew Keegan Great minds don't always think alike. This Autism Awareness Month, we're moving the dial on DEI to discuss why accessibility is still not high on the marketing agenda and why adland needs to think differently to make neurodiversity an asset. News Instinctif Partners names new CEO Hotwire hit by ‘challenging’ tech sector in H2 Brunswick Group appoints nine partners Ruder Finn acquires Atteline as it expands its Middle East and global footprint PRCA MENA reveals Regional Awards 2024 shortlist Opinion Why South Asian Heritage Month matters in PR Tech hype cycles are shortening, and that’s a headache for PR pros Pitching for Shell? You don’t understand value Assertive, ambitious and aligned, Gen Z's preferences reshape the market How Asia Pacific has become a Web3 hotbed Campaigns Contiki campaign features Gen Z travelling back in time A remote island that rewards responsible tourists 'I am a girl': Lifebuoy rewrites a poem to make Pakistani girls heroes Freedom Cups and Wunderman Thompson campaign highlights period poverty Olay shows how bias pushes girls out of STEM From our partners Confronting the social media and AI challenge in 2024 elections 19 December 2023 Partner Content JOIN, SHARE, LIKE, FOLLOW US ON: f t tu l p r PRWeek Asia Contact PRWeek Asia Subscribe © Haymarket Media Group Ltd. | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Notice | Privacy Notice| Cookie Settings