Felicitations from Felicia Day! AboutProjectsAppearancesContactReelsGallery Instagram TikTok Twitch Discord Stay Weird.Make Stuff. Felicia Day is an… Actor Writer Producer Author Podcaster Streamer Influencer More about Felicia Felicia Day has appeared in numerous television shows and films such as “Supernatural”, “Eureka” and “The Magicians”. Her IMDB, with over 100 credits, can be found here. However, Felicia is best known for her work in the web video world. She co-starred in Joss Whedon’s Internet musical “Dr. Horrible’s Sing-Along Blog,” which won an Emmy in 2009. She also created and starred in the seminal web series “The Guild” which ran for six seasons and won numerous awards for web video excellence. Felicia expanded the brand into numerous directions, including a hit comic book series with Dark Horse Comics. Recently, her outfit from the show was added to the Smithsonian American History collection as an example of early web media pioneering.In 2012 Felicia created a production company called Geek & Sundry. The channel garnered over 2 million subscribers on YouTube in three years and created such gaming hits as Wil Wheaton’s “Tabletop” and the RPG sensation “Critical Role”. The company was sold to Legendary Entertainment. Felicia produced content there until 2018.Felicia currently works as an actor, producer, writer and streamer. She’s written two New York Times bestselling books and recently wrote the hit Audible Original “Third Eye“. She streams on Twitch weekly, has two podcasts, Felicitations! and Undressing with Tom Lenk, and writes a monthly newsletter, “Felicitations!” Felicia has over 6 million followers across social platforms. Projects Interested in what Felicia’s working on? Third Eye A 7-hour audio fantasy adventure available now at Audible! Written by Felicia Day and starring her, Neil Gaiman, Wil Wheaton, Sean Astin, London Hughes, Lilypichu & more! Learn More © Sela Shiloni Mystery Science Theatre 3000 Hard to imagine what a dream it is playing a role on one of your favorite shows from childhood. Felicia plays “Kinga Forrester” on the latest reboot of “MST3K”! Learn More Embrace Your Weird Felicia’s fun and geeky creativity book. Chock full of interactive exercises and illustrations! If you have issues with procrastination or anxiety around your creative work, this book is for you! Learn More © Sela Shiloni You’re Never Weird on the Internet (almost) Felicia’s instant NYT Bestselling autobiography. Called “relentlessly funny and surprisingly inspirational” by Forbes, it’s a great read for anyone who’s ever felt like an outcast or an outsider. Learn More Undressing Podcast Felicia and Tom Lenk (friends since “Buffy”) dissect their favorite TV shows episode by episode, including “The Witcher”, “Bridgerton” and more! Download anywhere you get podcasts. Learn More Felicitations! Podcast A monthly solo podcast where Felicia shares whatever is on her mind: Parenthood, work, health complains, books and games she’s enjoying and more! Learn More Felicia’s Twitch For nine years, Felicia has streamed two to three times a week on her Twitch channel. Join in and watch her play RPGs, farming simulators, Fortnite and more! Learn More Felicia’s Discord An amazing community of Felicia’s fans, gather together on Discord to discuss all topics under the sun! Felicia also posts her latest schedule updates in the announcements channel. Join in! Learn More Felicitations! Newsletter A monthly newsletter where Felicia shares interesting links, her latest work, and a short comedic essay on whatever is on her mind at the moment. Hilarious, heartfelt and free. Subscribe today! Learn More Appearances MegaCon Orlando Orlando, FL Feb 2-4, 2024 Creation Burbank Burbank, CA Mar 15-17, 2024 FanExpo Indianpolis Indianapolis, IN Mar 22-24, 2024 Philadelphia Fan Expo Philedelphia, PA May 3-5, 2024 Motor City Comicon Novi, MI May 17-19, 2024 Creation SPN Seattle Seattle, WA June 28-30, 2024 Creation SPN Austin Austin, TX Aug 16-18, 2024 Creation SPN Nashville Nashville, TN Dec 6-8, 2024 Comicon The Cruise! Tampa-Cozumel Feb 5-9, 2025 Contact Your Name Your Email Your Message (optional) Contact Information Manager:Jennie Church-Cooper at Haven Entertainment Appearance Agent:Mina Sharpe: mina.sharpe (at) kairosproductions.org Voiceover Agent:Sinan Amal at WME Entertainment Felicitations! Sign up for Felicia’s monthly newsletter to get updates on her work, funny essays, interesting links and more! Subscribe Instagram TikTok Twitch Discord © 2023 Felicia Day. Website by WebDevStudios • Web Hosting Provided by Arcustech