myPOS: Accept card payments & grow your business Helps my business grow United Kingdom Change country Close country select Österreich België България Hrvatska Κύπρος Česká republika Denmark Estonia Suomi France Guyane Française Deutschland Gibraltar Ελλάδα Guadeloupe Magyarország Ísland Ireland Italia Latvia Liechtenstein Lietuva Luxembourg Malta Martinique Mayotte Nederland Norway Polska Portugal Réunion România Slovakia Slovenia España Saint Martin Sverige Suisse United Kingdom EN EN Go to shop Login Toggle navigation POS terminals myPOS Go 2 Affordable yet fully functional standalone portable card reader myPOS Go Combo Our standalone card reader with a portable charging and printing dock myPOS Pro Our fastest and most powerful Android POS terminal Tap to Pay on iPhone Take contactless payments with only an iPhone Tap to Pay on Android phones Accept contactless payments with just an Android phone Card machines Bundles Accessories Unattended POS Solutions Online solutions myPOS Online Create your free online shop and start selling everywhere Online checkout Increase your sales by integrating a secure, conversion-oriented payment gateway Payment Request You can now accept remote card payments without the need of a card machine Payment Тag Choose the myPOS Payment Tag for payments acceptance without a website Online payments Take card payments online because your e-commerce business never sleeps Merchant account Online Merchant Account Accept in-store and online payments in one e-money account Business Cards Order a myPOS corporate card and manage your business expenses seamlessly Invoicing Invoice customers and let them pay by card or by bank transfer myPOS AppMarket Choose from hundreds of third-party applications developed for myPOS Android card machines Private Label GiftCards Top-up Mobile App Pricing About Locations Visit myPOS terminals reseller centers Help Centre All your questions answered Contact us Get in touch with myPOS, we are happy to help Our story Leadership Careers Blog Shop Login Sign up Buy Now Get a quote United Kingdom Change country Close country select Österreich België България Hrvatska Κύπρος Česká republika Denmark Estonia Suomi France Guyane Française Deutschland Gibraltar Ελλάδα Guadeloupe Magyarország Ísland Ireland Italia Latvia Liechtenstein Lietuva Luxembourg Malta Martinique Mayotte Nederland Norway Polska Portugal Réunion România Slovakia Slovenia España Saint Martin Sverige Suisse United Kingdom EN EN Speed up your payments.Make an impression. Get myPOS Pro now at a special price! Order now Simple. Intuitive. Elegant. One powerful business platform with everything you need to accept payments and sell in-store, online and everywhere in between Buy a card machine Open a free account A full range of POS terminals for your small business Accept card payments and increase your in-store and online sales today myPOS Go 2 39.00 £ Sleek new look. The reliable performance trusted by thousands of merchants. Learn more myPOS Go Combo 179.00 £ Learn more myPOS Pro 229.00 £ 179.00 £ Learn more See all devices Boost your checkout to the Max Ultra-fast checkout in under 20 seconds Multiply your profits by increased conversions, post-purchase upsells, mobile-ready checkout UX, seamless payments, instant access to your funds and much more. See for yourself. Explore HOW myPOS GlassTM award-winning app Accept card payments with your phone You don’t want to invest in or set up another POS? Install the myPOS Glass application on your smartphone and you can start taking payments straight away. Whether you’re a plumber, market-seller or local eatery owner, it’s easy to make myPOS Glass your go-to option for taking payments. See how it works Get your money in seconds Instant settlement. Merchant Account. VISA business card. Collect funds from all your sales channels in one multi-currency merchant account with an IBAN, 24/7 instant access to funds via your business card and enjoy incoming and outgoing transfers. See our offer Point of sale system myPOS AppMarket Choose from hundreds of third-party applications developed for myPOS Android POS terminals to enhance your point-of-sale experience. Check out our AppMarket Create your own online shop and sell more myPOS Online Reach customers everywhere with a free website for your business. Create a shopping page in less than 5 minutes. Learn more Digital menu. Self checkout. Full mobile ordering platform No apps, no physical menus, no payment terminals or cash. A vital service to significantly increase venue footfall at no extra cost. Table side service, pick up or delivery. Coming soon QR codes. Payment requests. Take Payments effortlessly Request payments in-person or remotely easily. Start straight away. No additional hardware needed. See how it works Invoices. Customer management. Create invoices and get paid faster Send professional looking invoices directly to your clients in just a click. Use the status overview to help keep track of paid and unpaid invoices. I want to create invoices Reports and analytics Analyse your sales and payments Take advantage of real-time reports and analytics to keep track of all your incoming and outgoing payments, transfers and more. Coming soon Developers and integrations Join. Sell. Grow. Join a strong network of developers and integrators to showcase your business apps on a powerful platform. I want to develop business apps Simple. Instant. Powerful. I want to sell more Get a quote × Thank you for submitting your inquiry! We will get back to you shortly. × Send an inquiry myPOS Integra and myPOS Mini Please provide the following company and project details so that we can assist you further. × Company name* Country* Choose Country Andorra Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France French Guiana Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Guernsey Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Martinique Mayotte Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Republic of Ireland Réunion Romania Saint Martin Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom City* Address* Name & Surname* Email address* Phone number* +376 +43 +32 +359 +385 +357 +420 +45 +372 +358 +33 +594 +49 +350 +30 +590 +36 +354 +39 +371 +423 +370 +352 +356 +596 +262 +377 +31 +47 +48 +351 +353 +40 +421 +386 +34 +46 +41 +44 Other Business type* i Do you currently take card payments* Please, choose... Yes No What is your annual turnover?* Please, choose... €0 - 9 999 €10 000 - 49 999 €50 000 - 99 999 More than €100 000 What is your average transaction amount?* Please, choose... €0 - 9 €10 - 99 More than €100 Enter code* I have read and understood myPOS Privacy Policy * Please, fill in the required fields! Thanks for subscribing! Now, please check your inbox and confirm your email address. Be the first to hear about our exclusive offers and latest news Your email I have read and understood myPOS Privacy Policy Subscribe to our newsletter Industries Taxi & Transportation Food & Beverage Retail & Stores Hotel & Accommodation Leisure & Recreation Professional Services eCommerce Partners Developers Technology Partners AppMarket Publishers Affiliates Reseller Program Sales Consultant Program Learn more Payment Methods Fees Interchange and scheme fees Exchange Rates Legal GDPR Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Useful links Open a free account Buy a card machine Request a quote Refer a business Press Blog Contact us Troubleshooting Useful articles Useful articles Close Is it safe to give your debit card details over the phone? What bank details are needed to receive money? Why your contactless payments might not be working Starting a food truck business in the UK What is a card reader – definition of card payment machines How does a card reader work and how does it process payments? 5 types of card readers and the payment methods they accept Taxi card payments – How to take cashless payments in your cab Member Point of sale innovationaward 2023 Best Use of Mobile 2022 B2B Payments Innovation Award 2021 Best SME Omnichannel Payments Platform 2020 Best POS Innovation 2019 PCI DSS certified Service Level 1 © myPOS is a TM of myPOS World Ltd., London, United Kingdom and its affiliates. Payments & E-money services are provided in the UK, Gibraltar and Switzerland by myPOS Payments Ltd., an Electronic Money Institution authorised and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), reference number 900826. Contact us Select your cookie preference We use two types of cookies - Necessary and Personalisation cookies. Necessary cookies are stored and processed in order to ensure you can access our website and view all its content in a bug-free and seamless manner, while Personalization cookies help us to provide you with more relevant content. If you continue using this website without clicking on the accept button below, we will not store or process any Personalization cookies for you. You can manage the way you interact with our cookies anytime by clicking on the cookie settings in the footer or the “Customize Cookies” button below. You will find more information, including a list of each type of cookie, its purpose and storage duration, in our Cookies Policy. Necessary Cookies We use these cookies to ensure the proper operation of our website. We would not be able to provide you with access to our services without these cookies and therefore you cannot refuse them. You can use your browser’s settings in order to remove them. Personalisation cookies We use these cookies to make our offers and ads more relevant to your interests and to improve our website’s user experience. More information about these cookies can be found in our Cookies Policy, particularly in the table we have provided at the end. Accept all cookies Necessary only Customize cookies Save ×  Thank you for submitting your request! We will get back to you shortly. × We'd love to hear from you Tell us a few details about yourself and we will get back to you shortly! Your full name* Your email address* Your country* Choose Country Andorra Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France French Guiana Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Guernsey Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Martinique Mayotte Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Republic of Ireland Réunion Romania Saint Martin Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Phone number* +376 +43 +32 +359 +385 +357 +420 +45 +372 +358 +33 +594 +49 +350 +30 +590 +36 +354 +39 +371 +423 +370 +352 +356 +596 +262 +377 +31 +47 +48 +351 +353 +40 +421 +386 +34 +46 +41 +44 Other Your company website Transaction volume per month Select amount £ 0 - 9 999 £ 10 000 - 24 999 £ 25 000 - 49 999 More than £ 50 000 How can we help you? Enter code* I have read and understood myPOS Privacy Policy * Please, fill in the required fields!