Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide this message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search Search GOV.UK Search Popular on GOV.UK Get support with the cost of living Find out about the Energy Bills Support Scheme Find a job Universal Credit account: sign in Check your National Insurance record Check MOT history of a vehicle Home Organisations Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Featured PM address on extremism: 1 March 2024 1 March 2024 — Speech Prime Minister Rishi Sunak made a statement outside Downing Street on extremism. Local leaders to receive £4.7 billion to transform transport across the North and Midlands 26 February 2024 — News story Unprecedented transport budget targeted at smaller cities, towns and rural areas will fund projects that matter most to local communities. PM statement to mark the second anniversary of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine: 24 February 2024 23 February 2024 — Press release Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has made a statement to mark the second anniversary of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. PM to announce major innovation boost for farmers feeding the nation: 20 February 2024 20 February 2024 — Press release The Prime Minister will announce a major new package of support for rural communities to protect British farming for the next generation when he addresses the National Farmers Union annual conference in Birmingham. PM in Kyiv: UK support will not falter 12 January 2024 — Press release The Prime Minister will reiterate the UK’s unwavering support for Ukraine in a visit to the capital Kyiv today. Meet the Prime Minister Rishi Sunak became Prime Minister in October 2022. Read his biography Contact the Prime Minister's Office History 10 Downing Street, the locale of British prime ministers since 1735, vies with the White House as being the most important political building anywhere in the world in the modern era. Behind its black door have been taken the most important decisions affecting Britain for the last 275 years. Learn about 10 Downing Street Past Prime Ministers Listen to Number 10 staff talk about their work Transparency Greater transparency across government is at the heart of our commitment to let you hold politicians and public bodies to account. Prime Minister's and Cabinet Office ministers' transparency publications Government transparency data What we do 10 Downing Street is the official residence and the office of the British Prime Minister. The office helps the Prime Minister to establish and deliver the government’s overall strategy and policy priorities, and to communicate the government’s policies to Parliament, the public and international audiences. Read more about what we do Latest from the Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Unions will recommend new offer to NHS consultants 5 March 2024 Press release PM address on extremism: 1 March 2024 1 March 2024 Speech Ministerial Appointments: 1 March 2024 1 March 2024 Press release See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails Contact Number 10 Prime Minister's Office enquiries Contact: Prime Minister's Office enquiries Emails can be sent to the Prime Minister’s Office using the link above. If you are emailing about an issue relating to the responsibilities of another Government Department or public authority then you should contact them directly.Due to the exceptionally high volumes of emails being received at this time, the Prime Minister’s Office is only able to deal with those that relate directly to the Prime Minister. At this time we are not able to respond to emails that do not fall into this category or are of a general nature.Please consider carefully whether your email is necessary and note that emails are not monitored throughout the day or at weekends. Lessons at 10 Contact: Lessons at 10 Lessons at 10 is an initiative set up by Mrs Murty with the aim of providing children with the unique opportunity to experience what goes on behind the scenes of the famous black door of 10 Downing Street. With the help of special guests, industry experts and incredible charitable organisations, Lessons at 10 hopes to bring education to life, encourage a love for learning and inspire children from across the UK. Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on Twitter (opens in new tab) Follow on Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on Flickr (opens in new tab) Follow on YouTube (opens in new tab) Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright