WWD – Women's Wear Daily brings you breaking news about the fashion industry, designers, celebrity trend setters, and extensive coverage of fashion week. Skip to main content X WWD Footwear News Sourcing Journal WWD Weekend Beauty Inc Rivet Got a Tip? Plus Icon Today's Digital Daily March 05, 2024 WWD My Account Welcome Name Manage Account Log Out Log In Subscribe Sign Up Click to expand the Mega Menu site categories Fashion Business Beauty Men's Runway Denim Home/Design Eye Events WWD Weekend Shop Click to Expand Search Input Plus Icon Click to Close Search Input WWD Click to expand the Mega Menu Menu Fashion Business Beauty Men's Runway Denim Home/Design Eye Events WWD Weekend Shop Click to Expand Search Input Plus Icon Click to Close Search Input My Account Welcome Name Manage Account Log Out Log In Subscribe Sign Up Icon Link Plus Icon Today's Digital Daily My Account Welcome Name Manage Account Log Out Log In Subscribe Sign Up WWD Search for: Close the menu My Account Welcome Name Manage Account Log Out Log In Subscribe Sign Up Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Parent item Expand the sub menu Child item Child item Child item Child item Follow Us Alerts & Newsletters Enter your Email Subscribe Sign Up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. optional screen reader Advertise About Contact Customer Service Icon Link Plus Icon Copyright © 2021 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. © 2021 Penske Media Corporation Miuccia Prada Links With Artist Cécile B. Evans for Miu Miu Show The artist explores the topic of AI in a short film that will be presented at the fall runway event. Inside the John Galliano Documentary: Antisemitism, Napoleon Complex and Dior "High & Low — John Galliano" chronicles the rise, fall and rise again of the Gibraltar-born, British fashion designer. Gucci Appoints Gulf Brand Ambassador The Thai actor, model and singer joins fellow citizen Davika Hoorne in the role. Fashion Show Reviews Coperni: Close Encounters of the Fashion Kind Arnaud Vaillant and Sébastien Meyer riffed on sci-fi movies and conspiracy… Joelle Diderich Fashion Trends The Fashion on the Streets of Paris By Ryan Williams Parties Paris Toasts Robert Mapplethorpe During Fashion Week By Lily Templeton Latest News Eye View All Frieze L.A. 2024: Highlights From the Fair Best Dressed at Brit Awards 2024: Kylie Minogue, Dua Lipa… Cher and Serena Williams Attend Byredo Perfume Bash WWD Subscribe to our Newsletter Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Your Email Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See the latest rtw fall 2024 collections from Paris Fashion Week. View All Fashion Week Fashion Show Reviews Valentino Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Fashion Show Reviews Balenciaga Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Fashion Show Reviews Alexander McQueen Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Fashion Show Reviews Comme des Garçons Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear WWD Weekend See the latest couture styled straight from the Paris runways, Plus, WWD’s picks for what to see and eat in the fashion capitals this month. Featured Stories Pomandère Opens in Paris By Sandra Salibian The Demise Of Lord & Taylor By David Moin Katie Ledecky Signs With Athleta By David Moin Featured Videos View All Designer Details: Rick Owens Fall 2024 More Videos Ella Beatty on ‘Feud’ Preparation With Mom Annette Bening’s Acting Tip WWD Reel Talk: ‘Drive Away Dolls’ WWD Reel Talk: ‘The New Look’ Designer Details: Coach ‘Feud: Capote Vs. The Swans’ Stars Talk Costumes and Society Latest Runway Bottega Veneta Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Milan 2024 Fall Ready-to-Wear Gucci Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Milan 2024 Fall Ready-to-Wear Prada Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Milan 2024 Fall Ready-to-Wear Max Mara Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Milan 2024 Fall Ready-to-Wear Ferragamo Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear Milan 2024 Fall Ready-to-Wear Latest in News + Fashion + Fashion Scoops God’s True Cashmere Expands Offer, Lands at Le Bon Marché Brad Pitt and Sat Hari's luxury knitwear label God's True Cashmere has landed in France with a pop-up at Le… By Alex Wynne 2 mins ago + Beauty + Beauty Features Inside Bluemercury’s Growth Strategy Under CEO Maly Bernstein, the 25-year-old beauty retailer is expanding its fleet and giving its existing… By Kathryn Hopkins 5 hrs ago Icon Link gallery icon view gallery + Fashion + Designer and Luxury Nordstrom Launches The Corner Concept With Bode The new series of pop-up shops will be significantly larger than past iterations and allow brands to create… By Jean E. Palmieri 5 hrs ago + Beauty + Wellness The Skinny Confidential’s Lauryn Bosstick Discusses Product Strategy and Her Latest Launch: Mouth Tape With the brand, Bosstick is trying to "innovate, disrupt and fluff" a user's daily routines with products… By Emily Burns 5 hrs ago + Fashion + Fashion Scoops Burberry Classics Doubles Down on Its Signature Checks The campaign features models Iris Law and Quinn Kirwan wearing the British brand's house checks. By Hikmat Mohammed 5 hrs ago The Essentialist View All Gucci's Highly-Anticipated Ancora Handbags Are Out Now… Red Alert: 12 Must-Haves to Shop Right Now Supermodel Style: ’90s Headbands Are Back! + Beauty + Beauty Features Fruit Perfumes Are the ‘It’ Fragrance Trend for Spring On the heels of the cherry perfume boom, fragrance brands are inaugurating a slew of fruit-forward… By Noor Lobad 5 hrs ago + Beauty + Beauty Features Meet the Marathon Trainee Putting TikTok’s Buzziest Lip Treatments to the Test Clare Dumont's quest for the ultimate race-day lip product has captured the attention of millions online. By Noor Lobad 6 hrs ago + Beauty + Beauty Features Afterpay’s 15 Fastest-growing Beauty Products in 2023 Data indicates male beauty and personal care purchases made via the platform saw a surge last year. By Noor Lobad 6 hrs ago + Fashion + Designer and Luxury Miuccia Prada Links With Artist Cécile B. Evans for Miu Miu Show The artist explores the topic of AI in a short film that will be presented at the fall runway event. By Luisa Zargani 6 hrs ago + Fashion + Fashion Show Reviews Shiatzy Chen Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear: A Multicultural Stroke The designer looked to the artistic expression of Chinese calligraphy to inform her latest iteration of her… By Tianwei Zhang 11 hrs ago Icon Link gallery icon view gallery Featured Galleries All the Celebrities on Paris Fashion Week’s Front Rows: February 2024 Brit Awards 2024: Best Dressed Guests Sustainability View All What Went Wrong With Renewcell? By Jasmin Malik Chua Sustainable Apparel Coalition Rebrands as Cascale By Rhonda Richford Black Carpet Awards Warm Up for Second Edition By Martino Carrera With EU Due Diligence Legislation Stalled, Brands Talk Tech… By Rhonda Richford J.Crew Recovers, Recycles Swimwear for Sustainable… By Jessica Binns Recover Makes Key Exec Moves as Company Accelerates Capacity… By Rhonda Richford + Fashion + Fashion Show Reviews Coperni Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear: Close Encounters of the Fashion Kind Arnaud Vaillant and Sébastien Meyer riffed on sci-fi movies and conspiracy theories. By Joelle Diderich 11 hrs ago Icon Link gallery icon view gallery + Business + Financial Stitch Fix Is Reimagining Its Client Experience Amid Continuing Losses CEO Matt Baer said the styling service can do better and laid out plans to deepen engagement. By Evan Clark 12 hrs ago + Business + Technology Luxury Personal Shopping Is the Future Two New Fashion Apps Are Counting On Carmen Busquets and Lupe Puerta-backed The Floorr and Kate Davidson Hudson's Vêtir each had buzz-building… By Booth Moore 12 hrs ago + Fashion + Fashion Show Reviews Johanna Ortiz Fall 2024 Ready-to-Wear: Arch Arrivals The Colombian designer wanted to get out of her comfort zone with new techniques and a dramatic presentation… By Rhonda Richford 12 hrs ago Icon Link gallery icon view gallery + Business + Business Features Tory Burch Foundation and U.S. Department of Commerce Team to Provide Resources for Female Entrepreneurs Gina M. Raimondo, secretary of the U.S. Department of Commerce, visited Tory Burch's New York headquarters… By Lisa Lockwood 12 hrs ago More News → Watch This Louis Vuitton's '200 Trunks, 200 Visionaries' Exhibition Megan Fox's Best Fashion Moments Over the Years WWD Report Card: Brad Pitt vs Ryan Gosling Watch This Louis Vuitton's '200 Trunks, 200 Visionaries' Exhibition Megan Fox's Best Fashion Moments Over the Years WWD Report Card: Brad Pitt vs Ryan Gosling Featured Galleries All the Celebrities on Paris Fashion Week’s Front Rows: February 2024 Brit Awards 2024: Best Dressed Guests Download now Get the App Get the latest news delivered right to iOS or Android device. Never miss a story, save things for later, and read on the go. Subscribe to our Newsletter Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Your Email Sign Up Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Over 100 Years of Comprehensive Coverage of the Fashion Industry PMC Logo Most Popular Oprah Winfrey to Exit WeightWatchers Board After She Announced Use of Weight-Loss Drug Rumors Surrounding Prince William’s Relationship With Rose Hanbury Are at an All-Time High Amid Kate Middleton’s Recovery Willy Wonka Immersive Event Leaves Kids in Tears: "It Looks Like a Meth Lab" Adult Film Star Knockout Claims Explicit Photos Used In Diddy Lawsuit Are Of Him, Not Stevie J You May Also Like Two Ten to Honor Caleres’ Diane Sullivan With Lifetime Achievement Award 9 hrs ago WWD LA Beauty Forum 1 year ago A Nonprofit Assessed Skims’ Corporate Accountability. It Didn’t Go Well. 8 hrs ago WWE Founder Vince McMahon Selling $400M in TKO Group Shares 4 hrs ago Ambera Wellmann’s Surreal Paintings Cover Mugler Looks at Paris Fashion Week 8 hrs ago Subscribe Subscribe Today Subscribe Today Customer Service Customer Service Chat with us Chat with us WWD About Us Advertising Subscribe WWD FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Accessibility Legal Privacy Policy AdChoices EU Privacy Preferences Terms of Use California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices Follow Us Icon Link Plus Icon facebook Icon Link Plus Icon twitter Icon Link Plus Icon instagram Icon Link Plus Icon linkedin Newsletter Sign Up Your Email Subscribe Subscribe By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Have a Tip? Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Send Us a Tip Sign Up WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Sites Artnews BGR Billboard Deadline Fairchild Media Footwear News Gold Derby IndieWire Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows She Media Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico Spy StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter TVLine Variety Vibe WWD WWD Close the menu My Account Welcome Name Manage Account Log Out Log In Subscribe Sign Up Fashion Expand fashion menu Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Business Expand business menu Financial Government & Trade Legal Mergers & Acquisitions Marketing & Promotion Human Resources Business Features Technology Real Estate Markets Media Retail Beauty Expand beauty menu Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Hair Products Body Care Wellness Men's Expand mens menu Mens Accessories Mens Clothing Furnishings Mens Designer Luxury Mens Lifestyle Mens Retail Business Mens Sportswear Mens Fashion Runway Expand runway menu Men’s Fall 2024 Pre-Fall 2024 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2024 Fall Couture 2023 Resort 2024 Sustainability Expand sustainability menu Business Environment Social Impact Materials Innovation Home/Design Expand home-design menu Interior Design Furniture Lighting Architecture Materials Home Decor Eye Expand eye menu Parties People Lifestyle Celebrity Real Estate Shop Expand shop menu Beauty Fashion More Expand more menu Video Podcast Studio Fairchild Live WWD Weekend Expand wwd-weekend menu Follow Us Follow WWD on facebook Follow WWD on twitter Follow WWD on instagram Follow WWD on linkedin Alerts & Newsletters Enter your Email Subscribe Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. optional screen reader About Us Advertising Help Accessibility Icon Link Plus Icon WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved. © 2021 Penske Media Corporation ad Close Try Again Verify it's you To help keep your account secure, please log-in again. Dismiss Log-In Please log in You are no longer onsite at your organization. Please log in. For assistance, contact your corporate administrator. Dismiss Log-In