ScienceDaily: Your source for the latest research news Your source for the latest research news Follow: Facebook X/Twitter Subscribe: RSS Feeds Newsletter New! Sign up for our free email newsletter. Top Science News March 4, 2024 Orcas Demonstrating They No Longer Need to Hunt in Packs to Take Down the Great White Shark Mar. 2, 2024 — An orca (killer whale) has been observed, for the first-ever time, individually consuming a great white shark -- and within just two ... Astronomers Measure Heaviest Black Hole Pair Ever Found Feb. 29, 2024 — Using archival data from the Gemini North telescope, a team of astronomers has measured the heaviest pair of supermassive black holes ever found. The merging of two supermassive black holes is a phenomenon that has long been predicted, though never ... Astronomers Reveal a New Link Between Water and Planet Formation Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers have found water vapor in the disc around a young star exactly where planets may be forming. Water is a key ingredient for life on Earth, and is also thought to play a significant role in planet formation. Yet, until now, we had never ... Significant Glacial Retreat in West Antarctica Began in 1940s Feb. 26, 2024 — Among the vast expanse of Antarctica lies the Thwaites Glacier, the world's widest glacier measuring about 80 miles on the western edge of the continent. Despite its size, the massive landform is losing about 50 billion tons of ice more than it is ... Latest Top Headlines updated 10:47pm EST AI Outperforms Humans in Standardized Tests of Creative Potential Mar. 1, 2024 — In a recent study, 151 human participants were pitted against ChatGPT-4 in three tests designed to measure divergent thinking, which is considered to be an indicator of creative ... RELATED TOPICS Creativity Language Acquisition Intelligence Scientists Use Blue-Green Algae as a Surrogate Mother for 'Meat-Like' Proteins Feb. 27, 2024 — Researchers have not only succeeded in using blue-green algae as a surrogate mother for a new protein -- they have even coaxed the microalgae to produce 'meat fiber-like' protein strands. The achievement may be the key to sustainable foods that have both the 'right' texture and require minimal ... RELATED TOPICS Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Nutrition Genetics How 40Hz Sensory Gamma Rhythm Stimulation Clears Amyloid in Alzheimer's Mice Feb. 28, 2024 — Stimulating a key brain rhythm with light and sound increases peptide release from interneurons, driving clearance of Alzheimer's protein via the brain's glymphatic system, new study ... RELATED TOPICS Dementia Alzheimer's Nervous System New Study Links Placental Oxygen Levels to Fetal Brain Development Feb. 27, 2024 — A new study shows oxygenation levels in the placenta, formed during the last three months of fetal development, are an important predictor of cortical growth (development of the outermost layer of the brain or cerebral cortex) and is likely a predictor of childhood cognition and ... RELATED TOPICS Child Development Pregnancy and Childbirth Neuroscience Webb Unlocks Secrets of One of the Most Distant Galaxies Ever Seen Mar. 4, 2024 — Looking deeply into space and time, astronomers have studied the exceptionally luminous galaxy GN-z11, which existed when our 13.8 billion-year-old universe was only about 430 million years ... RELATED TOPICS Galaxies Black Holes Astrophysics Tests Show High-Temperature Superconducting Magnets Are Ready for Fusion Mar. 4, 2024 — A comprehensive study of high-temperature superconducting magnets confirms they meet requirements for an economic, compact fusion power ... RELATED TOPICS Nuclear Energy Energy and the Environment Renewable Energy Ultraviolet Radiation from Massive Stars Shapes Planetary Systems Mar. 1, 2024 — Up to a certain point, very luminous stars can have a positive effect on the formation of planets, but from that point on the radiation they emit can cause the material in protoplanetary discs to ... RELATED TOPICS Extrasolar Planets Nebulae Stars Building Bionic Jellyfish for Ocean Exploration Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers show how biohybrid robots based on jellyfish could be used to gather climate science data from deep in the Earth's ... RELATED TOPICS Oceanography Engineering Geography The Golgi Organelle's Ribbon Structure Is Not Exclusive to Vertebrates, Contrary to Previous Consensus Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers report that the Golgi ribbon, an organelle structure previously thought to be exclusive to vertebrates, is also present in animal taxa, including mollusks, earthworms, and sea urchins. The function of the Golgi ribbon is still enigmatic, but its presence in diverse animal lineages indicates that its function is not vertebrate specific, ... RELATED TOPICS Cell Biology Molecular Biology Developmental Biology How Molecular 'Handedness' Emerged in Early Biology Feb. 28, 2024 — Chemists fill a major gap in origin-of-life ... RELATED TOPICS Organic Chemistry Origin of Life Chemistry Double Trouble at Chromosome Ends Feb. 28, 2024 — New findings suggest the end-replication problem, an old standby of biology textbooks, is twice as intricate as once ... RELATED TOPICS Biochemistry Research Genes Human Biology Predatory Fish Use Rapid Color Changes to Coordinate Attacks Feb. 26, 2024 — Striped marlin are some of the fastest animals on the planet and one of the ocean's top predators. When hunting in groups, individual marlin will take turns attacking schools of prey fish one at a time. Now a new study helps to explain how they might coordinate this turn-taking style of attack on their prey to avoid injuring each other. The key, according to the new work, is rapid color ... RELATED TOPICS Wild Animals Fish Fisheries Top Health AI Scores Higher On 'Creative Potential' 'Meat-Like' Proteins from Blue-Green Algae Gamma Rhythm Stimulation for Alzheimer's? Placental Oxygen Levels and the Fetal Brain Top Physical/Tech Secrets of One of the Most Distant Galaxies Compact Fusion Power Plant How Radiation Shapes Planetary Systems Building Bionic Jellyfish for Ocean Exploration Top Environment Golgi Ribbon: Not Exclusive to Vertebrates How Molecular 'Handedness' Emerged in Biology Double Trouble at Chromosome Ends How Predatory Fish Coordinate Attacks: Colors more top science stories Health News March 4, 2024 Ancient Retroviruses Played a Key Role in the Evolution of Vertebrate Brains Feb. 15, 2024 — Researchers report that ancient viruses may be to thank for myelin -- and, by extension, our large, complex brains. The team found that a retrovirus-derived genetic element or 'retrotransposon' is ... Researchers 3D-Print Functional Human Brain Tissue Feb. 1, 2024 — It's an achievement with important implications for scientists studying the brain and working on treatments for a broad range of neurological and neurodevelopmental disorders, such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's ... The Fountain of Youth Is ... a T Cell? Jan. 24, 2024 — Scientists have found a way to reprogram T cells to fight aging. After using them to eliminate specific cells in mice, the scientists discovered they lived healthier lives and didn't develop aging-associated conditions like obesity and diabetes. ... Surprisingly Simple Model Explains How Brain Cells Organize and Connect Jan. 17, 2024 — A new study by physicists and neuroscientists describes how connectivity among neurons comes about through general principles of networking and self-organization, rather than the biological features of an individual ... Latest Health Headlines updated 10:47pm EST Software Speeds Up Drug Development Mar. 1, 2024 — Sugars cover nearly all proteins present at the surface of the cells in our bodies, forming a shield around the proteins. Thus, these sugars influence how cells interact with their environment including pathogens, playing an important role in medical drug development. GlycoSHIELD, a new computational approach to study the sugar shields of proteins, is resource-reducing, time-efficient and ... RELATED TOPICS Distributed Computing Computer Science Computer Modeling Study Paves the Way for Better Diagnosis and Treatment of Endocrine Diseases Mar. 1, 2024 — A team of researchers has discovered a new method of measuring levels of cortisol directly from a blood sample, and this marks a significant step forward in diagnosis and treatment of a wide range of ... RELATED TOPICS Mental Health Research Patient Education and Counseling Today's Healthcare BPA Exposure Linked to Gut Microbiota, Childhood Obesity in New Study Mar. 1, 2024 — Researchers found more unique bacteria taxa in children of normal weight than in overweight or obese children. The findings suggest that BPA exposure could promote different microbial communities in normal weight children than those in children with obesity or who are ... RELATED TOPICS Obesity Diet and Weight Loss Children's Health Scientists Reveal How Our Cells' Leaky Batteries Are Making Us Sick Mar. 1, 2024 — The new findings could lead to better treatments for rheumatoid arthritis, lupus and other infammatory diseases -- and may even help us slow ... RELATED TOPICS Immune System Medical Topics Joint Pain Tiny Magnetic Particles in Air Pollution Linked to Development of Alzheimer's Feb. 29, 2024 — Magnetite, a particle found in air pollution, can induce signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, new research ... RELATED TOPICS Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Research Air Pollution Does Trying to Look Younger Reduce How Much Ageism Older Adults Face? Feb. 29, 2024 — Every year, millions of older Americans spend money and time to try to look younger than they are. They color graying hair, buy anti-balding products, use teeth whiteners and wrinkle fillers, and much more. Now, a new study looks at what this kind of effort means for older adults' experiences with the ageism that pervades American society. The study also explores how a person's perception of how ... RELATED TOPICS Healthy Aging Menopause Mental Health Scientists Identify New 'Regulatory' Function of Learning and Memory Gene Common to All Mammalian Brain Cells Feb. 29, 2024 — Neuroscientists say they have found a new function for the SYNGAP1 gene, a DNA sequence that controls memory and learning in mammals, including mice and ... RELATED TOPICS Molecular Biology Genetics Cell Biology How Cognition Changes Before Dementia Hits Feb. 29, 2024 — Language-processing difficulties are more of an indicator than memory loss of amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI), a risk factor for dementia due to Alzheimer's disease, according to a new ... RELATED TOPICS Language Acquisition Dementia Alzheimer's Refrigerate Lettuce to Reduce Risk of E. Coli Contamination Feb. 29, 2024 — Leafy green vegetables are important sources of dietary fiber and nutrients, but they can harbor harmful pathogens. In particular, lettuce has often been involved in outbreaks of foodborne illness across the U.S. A new study examines factors that affect E. coli contamination on five different leafy greens -- romaine lettuce, green-leaf lettuce, spinach, kale, and ... RELATED TOPICS Nutrition Food Bacteria A Holistic Framework for Studying Social Emotions Feb. 29, 2024 — The crucial role of social emotions in our lives and in society cannot be overstated. Empathy, guilt, embarrassment, pride and other feelings we experience in the context of other people govern and motivate how we act, interact and the countless decisions we make. Which is why a more holistic approach, one that integrates the various ways these emotions are studied, is necessary to gain insight ... RELATED TOPICS Psychology Social Psychology Relationships Effect of Keratin Microsphere Gel on Hair Growth in Mice Feb. 29, 2024 — Keratin microsphere gel, consisting of keratin-based microspheres that swell in water to form a gel, has shown efficacy in promoting hair follicle growth in murine models. Its potential application as an active ingredient in hair regrowth treatments with minimal side effects is ... RELATED TOPICS Hair Loss Cosmetics Human Biology It's Not Just You: Young People Look, Feel Older When They're Stressed Mar. 4, 2024 — A new study finds younger adults look and feel older on stressful days -- but only on days when they also feel they have relatively less control over their own ... RELATED TOPICS Mental Health Mental Health Research Stress Health & Medicine Software Speeds Up Drug Development Diagnosis and Treatment of Endocrine Diseases BPA Exposure Linked to Childhood Obesity Our Cells' Leaky Batteries Are Making Us Sick Mind & Brain Magnetic Particles in Air Pollution: Alzheimer's Ageism: Are Efforts to Look Younger Worth It? Memory and Learning in Mammals: Gene Function How Cognition Changes Before Dementia Hits Living Well Refrigerate Lettuce to Reduce Risk of E. Coli Holistic Framework for Studying Social Emotions Gel to Promote Hair Follicle Growth People Look, Feel Older When Stressed more top health stories Physical/Tech News March 4, 2024 Brightest and Fastest-Growing: Astronomers Identify Record-Breaking Quasar Feb. 22, 2024 — Astronomers have characterized a bright quasar, finding it to be not only the brightest of its kind, but also the most luminous object ever observed. Quasars are the bright cores of distant galaxies and they are powered by supermassive black holes. ... Science Fiction Meets Reality: New Technique to Overcome Obstructed Views Feb. 20, 2024 — Using a single photograph, researchers created an algorithm that computes highly accurate, full-color three-dimensional reconstructions of areas behind obstacles -- a concept that can not only help prevent car crashes, but help law enforcement ... Black Hole at Center of the Milky Way Resembles a Football Feb. 21, 2024 — The supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way is spinning so quickly it is warping the spacetime surrounding it into a shape that can look like a football, according to a new study. That football shape suggests the black hole is ... Astronomers Report Oscillation of Our Giant, Gaseous Neighbor Feb. 20, 2024 — A few years ago, astronomers uncovered one of the Milky Way's greatest secrets: an enormous, wave-shaped chain of gaseous clouds in our sun's backyard, giving birth to clusters of stars along the spiral arm of the galaxy we call home. Naming this ... Latest Physical/Tech Headlines updated 10:47pm EST Researchers Use GPS-Tracked Icebergs in Novel Study to Improve Climate Models Mar. 1, 2024 — Research unearthed new information to help scientists better understand circulation patterns of ocean water around glaciers. In the summers of 2014 and 2019, a group of pioneers in glacial research attached GPS devices to 13 icebergs and tracked hourly changes in their positions as they passed through Greenland's Ilulissat Icefjord toward the ... RELATED TOPICS Global Warming Climate Weather Unlocking the Potential of Lithium-Ion Batteries With Advanced Binders Mar. 1, 2024 — Lithium-ion batteries employ binders that encounter challenges such as poor conductivity and expansion during charging. In a recent study, scientists have developed a high-performing binder using poly(vinylphosphonic acid) for silicon oxide-based anodes in lithium-ion batteries. This binder offers enhanced performance as demonstrated by the superior durability, and discharging capacity of the ... RELATED TOPICS Batteries Alternative Fuels Petroleum AI-Enabled Atomic Robotic Probe to Advance Quantum Material Manufacturing Mar. 1, 2024 — Scientists have pioneered a new methodology of fabricating carbon-based quantum materials at the atomic scale by integrating scanning probe microscopy techniques and deep neural networks. This breakthrough highlights the potential of implementing artificial intelligence at the sub-angstrom scale for enhanced control over atomic manufacturing, benefiting both fundamental research and future ... RELATED TOPICS Spintronics Spintronics Research Chemistry It's Not Only Opposites That Attract -- New Study Shows Like-Charged Particles Can Come Together Mar. 1, 2024 — A study shows that similarly charged particles can sometimes attract, rather than repel. The team found that like-charged particles suspended in liquids can attract one another at long-range, depending on the solvent and the sign of the charge. The study has immediate implications for processes that involve interactions in solution across various ... RELATED TOPICS Nature of Water Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry New Insights on How Galaxies Are Formed Mar. 1, 2024 — Astronomers can use supercomputers to simulate the formation of galaxies from the Big Bang 13.8 billion years ago to the present day. But there are a number of sources of error. An international research team has spent a hundred million computer hours over eight years trying to correct ... RELATED TOPICS Galaxies Astrophysics Stars Ice Shell Thickness Reveals Water Temperature on Ocean Worlds Feb. 29, 2024 — Astrobiologists have devised a novel way to determine ocean temperatures of distant worlds based on the thickness of their ice shells, effectively conducting oceanography from ... RELATED TOPICS Mars Uranus Jupiter Could Fiber Optic Cable Help Scientists Probe the Deep Layers of the Moon? Feb. 29, 2024 — An increasing number of seismologists are using fiber optic cables to detect seismic waves on Earth -- but how would this technology fare on the Moon, and what would it tell us about the deep layers of our nearest neighbor in ... RELATED TOPICS Moon Space Missions NASA Astronomers Discover Heavy Elements After Bright Gamma-Ray Burst from Neutron Star Merger Feb. 29, 2024 — An international team of astronomers obtained observational evidence for the creation of rare heavy elements in the aftermath of a cataclysmic explosion triggered by the merger of two neutron ... RELATED TOPICS Black Holes Space Telescopes Astrophysics Umbrella for Atoms: The First Protective Layer for 2D Quantum Materials Mar. 1, 2024 — As silicon-based computer chips approach their physical limitations in the quest for faster and smaller designs, the search for alternative materials that remain functional at atomic scales is one of science's biggest challenges. In a groundbreaking development, researchers have engineered a protective film that shields quantum semiconductor layers just one atom thick from environmental ... RELATED TOPICS Graphene Physics Spintronics Researchers Use AI, Google Street View to Predict Household Energy Costs on Large Scale Feb. 29, 2024 — An interdisciplinary team of experts has found a way to use artificial intelligence to analyze a household's passive design characteristics and predict its energy expenses with more than 74 percent accuracy. By combining their findings with demographic data including poverty levels, the researchers have created a comprehensive model for predicting ... RELATED TOPICS Sustainability Energy and the Environment Renewable Energy AI Technique 'Decodes' Microscope Images, Overcoming Fundamental Limit Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers have developed a deep learning algorithm for removing systematic effects from atomic force microscopy images, enabling more precise profiles of material ... RELATED TOPICS Materials Science Photography Computer Programming New Dressing Robot Can 'Mimic' the Actions of Care-Workers Mar. 4, 2024 — Scientists have developed a new robot that can 'mimic' the two-handed movements of care-workers as they dress an ... RELATED TOPICS Robotics Robotics Research Artificial Intelligence Matter & Energy GPS-Tracking of Icebergs Unlocking Potential of Lithium-Ion Batteries Quantum Material Manufacturing Like-Charged Particles Can Come Together Space & Time New Insights On How Galaxies Are Formed Water Temperature On Ocean Worlds Probing Deep Layers of Moon: Fiber Optic Cable Heavy Elements After Bright Gamma-Ray Burst Computers & Math Protective Layer for 2D Quantum Materials Predicting Household Energy Costs, Large Scale AI Technique 'Decodes' Microscope Images New Robot to Dress a Person more top physical/tech stories Environment News March 4, 2024 Giant New Snake Species Identified in the Amazon Feb. 20, 2024 — A team of scientists on location with a film crew in the remote Amazon has uncovered a previously undocumented species of giant ... Baleen Whales Evolved a Unique Larynx to Communicate but Cannot Escape Human Noise Feb. 21, 2024 — The iconic baleen whales, such as the blue, gray and humpback whale, depend on sound for communication in the vast marine environment where they live. Now researchers have for the first time found ... Did Neanderthals Use Glue? Researchers Find Evidence That Sticks Feb. 21, 2024 — Neanderthals created stone tools held together by a multi-component adhesive, a team of scientists has discovered. Its findings, which are the earliest evidence of a complex adhesive in Europe, suggest these predecessors to modern humans had a ... By Growing Animal Cells in Rice Grains, Scientists Dish Up Hybrid Food Feb. 14, 2024 — From lab-grown chicken to cricket-derived protein, these innovative alternatives offer hope for a planet struggling with the environmental and ethical impacts of industrial agriculture. Now, scientists add a new recipe to the list -- cultured beef ... Latest Environment Headlines updated 10:47pm EST Light Into the Darkness of Photosynthesis Mar. 1, 2024 — Researchers succeed at generating 3D visualizations of chloroplasts' copying ... RELATED TOPICS Botany Biology Genetics Cyber-Physical Heating System May Protect Apple Blossoms in Orchards Feb. 29, 2024 — Spring frosts can have devastating effects on apple production, and a warming climate may be causing trees to blossom early, making them more susceptible to the damaging effects of extreme cold events. Growers' attempts to prevent the flowers from freezing by attempting to heat the canopies of their orchards largely have been ... RELATED TOPICS Energy and the Environment Renewable Energy Food and Agriculture Microbial Viruses Act as Secret Drivers of Climate Change Feb. 29, 2024 — Scientists have discovered that viruses that infect microbes contribute to climate change by playing a key role in cycling methane, a potent greenhouse gas, through the ... RELATED TOPICS Microbes and More Climate Global Warming Measuring Electrical Conductivity in Microorganisms, Approaching Understanding of Microbial Ecosystems Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers have developed an innovative methodology for measuring the electrical conductivity of microbial communities. This methodology holds promise for the development of batteries and electrochemical sensors using microorganisms and may serve as a pivotal tool in elucidating the role of electricity within microbial ... RELATED TOPICS Microbiology Ecology Energy and the Environment Lithium-Ion Batteries from Drones Might Find Second Lives in Less 'Stressful' Devices Mar. 1, 2024 — Taking flight can be stressful -- especially for a lithium-ion battery that powers a drone. Too much strain on these cells causes damage and shortens a device's overall lifespan. Research shows the potential to improve batteries in aerial electric vehicles that take off and land vertically. The team developed a new electrolyte to address these ... RELATED TOPICS Batteries Renewable Energy Energy and the Environment Hurricanes and Power Grids: Eliminating Large-Scale Outages With a New Approach Mar. 1, 2024 — Large scale-power outages caused by tropical cyclones can be prevented almost entirely if a small but critical set of power lines is protected against storm damages, a new study finds. Scientists developed a new method that can be used to identify those critical lines and increase the system's ... RELATED TOPICS Severe Weather Electricity Storms Mercury Rising: Study Sheds New Light on Ancient Volcanoes' Environmental Impact Feb. 29, 2024 — Massive volcanic events in Earth's history that released large amounts of carbon into the atmosphere frequently correlate with periods of severe environmental change and mass extinctions. A new method to estimate how much and how rapidly carbon was released by the volcanoes could improve our understanding of the climate response, according to an ... RELATED TOPICS Global Warming Climate Early Climate Climate Change Disrupts Seasonal Flow of Rivers Feb. 29, 2024 — Climate change is disrupting the seasonal flow of rivers in the far northern latitudes of America, Russia and Europe and is posing a threat to water security and ecosystems, according to new ... RELATED TOPICS Floods Water Environmental Awareness Slimming Down a Colossal Fossil Whale Feb. 29, 2024 — A 30 million year-old fossil whale may not be the heaviest animal of all time after all, according to a new analysis by paleontologists. The new analysis puts Perucetus colossus back in the same weight range as modern whales and smaller than the largest blue whales ever ... RELATED TOPICS Dolphins and Whales Early Mammals Animals How First Cells Could Have Formed on Earth Feb. 29, 2024 — New phospholipid discovery brings researchers closer to understanding how primordial cells emerged during origin of ... RELATED TOPICS Origin of Life Geochemistry New Species Plant Seed and Fruit Analysis from the Biblical Home of Goliath Sheds Unprecedented Light on Philistine Ritual Practices Feb. 26, 2024 — While many aspects of Philistine culture are well-documented, the specifics of Philistine religious practices and deities have long remained shrouded in mystery. A recent study contributes valuable new data to our understanding of the Philistine's ritual practices. The discovery of numerous plants in two temples unearthed at the site unraveled ... RELATED TOPICS Anthropology Cultures Ancient Civilizations Climate Change Threatens Thousands of Archaeological Sites in Coastal Georgia Feb. 28, 2024 — Thousands of historic and archaeological sites in Georgia are at risk from tropical storm surges, and that number will increase with climate change, according to a new ... RELATED TOPICS Severe Weather Floods Storms Plants & Animals Light Into the Darkness of Photosynthesis Protecting Apple Blossoms from Frost Damage Microbial Viruses: A Driver of Climate Change Microbial Ecosystems Earth & Climate 2nd Life for Lithium-Ion Batteries from Drones Hurricanes and Power Grids Ancient Volcanoes' Environmental Impact Climate Change Disrupts Seasonal Flow of Rivers Fossils & Ruins Slimming Down a Colossal Fossil Whale How First Cells Could Have Formed On Earth Seed and Fruit Analysis: Philistine Rituals Climate: Archaeological Sites in Georgia more top environment stories Society/Education News March 4, 2024 In a Warming World, Climate Scientists Consider Category 6 Hurricanes Feb. 5, 2024 — For more than 50 years, the National Hurricane Center has used the Saffir-Simpson Windscale to communicate the risk of property damage; it labels a hurricane on a scale from Category 1 (wind speeds between 74 -- 95 mph) to Category 5 (wind speeds of ... Global Groundwater Depletion Is Accelerating, but Is Not Inevitable Jan. 24, 2024 — Groundwater is rapidly declining across the globe, often at accelerating rates. Researchers now present the largest assessment of groundwater levels around the world, spanning nearly 1,700 aquifers. In addition to raising the alarm over declining ... Meet 'Coscientist,' Your AI Lab Partner Dec. 21, 2023 — An artificial intelligence-driven system has autonomously learned about certain Nobel Prize-winning chemical reactions and designed a successful laboratory procedure to make them. The AI did so in just a few minutes and correctly on its first ... US Men Die 6 Years Before Women, as Life Expectancy Gap Widens Nov. 14, 2023 — We've known for more than a century that women outlive men. But new research shows that, at least in the United States, the gap has been widening for more than a ... Latest Society/Education Headlines updated 10:47pm EST Improving Energy Security With Policies Focused on Demand-Side Solutions Feb. 29, 2024 — Energy systems essential to supporting our everyday activities face increasing threats from wars, pandemics, climate change, and other unexpected events. An international team of researchers found that demand-oriented solutions have a significantly greater potential to reduce our vulnerability to energy crises compared to supply ... RELATED TOPICS Energy and the Environment Energy Technology Energy Issues How Climate Change Risks Increase at a National Scale as the Level of Global Warming Increases Feb. 29, 2024 — Researchers have quantified how climate change risks to human and natural systems increase at a national scale as the level of global warming increases. A collection of eight studies -- all focusing on Brazil, China, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana and India -- shows that the risks of drought, flooding, declines in crop yields, and loss of biodiversity and ... RELATED TOPICS Global Warming Climate Environmental Policies Emergency Atmospheric Geoengineering Wouldn't Save the Oceans Feb. 29, 2024 — Climate change is heating the oceans, altering currents and circulation patterns responsible for regulating climate on a global scale. If temperatures dropped, some of that damage could theoretically be undone. But employing 'emergency' atmospheric geoengineering later this century in the face of continuous high carbon emissions would not be able to reverse changes to ocean currents, a new study ... RELATED TOPICS Climate Global Warming Environmental Awareness What Math Tells Us About Social Dilemmas Feb. 26, 2024 — Human coexistence depends on cooperation. Individuals have different motivations and reasons to collaborate, resulting in social dilemmas, such as the well-known prisoner's dilemma. Scientists now present a new mathematical principle that helps to understand the cooperation of individuals with different ... RELATED TOPICS Computer Modeling Mathematical Modeling Mathematics Your Brain in the Zone: A New Neuroimaging Study Reveals How the Brain Achieves a Creative Flow State Mar. 4, 2024 — A new neuroimaging study reveals how the brain gets to the creative flow ... RELATED TOPICS Creativity Spirituality Intelligence A Mental Process That Leads to Putting Off an Unpleasant Task Mar. 1, 2024 — Putting off a burdensome task may seem like a universal trait, but new research suggests that people whose negative attitudes tend to dictate their behavior in a range of situations are more likely to delay tackling the task at ... RELATED TOPICS Racial Issues Behavior Consumer Behavior Early Vocabulary Size Is Genetically Linked to ADHD, Literacy, and Cognition Mar. 1, 2024 — Are genetic factors underlying children's language development linked to later-life outcomes? In a genome-wide analysis, an international research team found genetic associations between children's early vocabulary size and later-life ADHD, literacy, and general cognition. These associations changed dynamically across the first three years of ... RELATED TOPICS Child Development Learning Disorders Language Acquisition Long-Term Memory and Lack of Mental Images Feb. 27, 2024 — When people lack visual imagination, this is known as aphantasia. Researchers investigated how the lack of mental imagery affects long-term memory. They were able to show that changes in two important brain regions, the hippocampus and the occipital lobe, as well as their interaction, have an influence on the impaired recall of personal memories in ... RELATED TOPICS Memory Intelligence Neuroscience Ag Economists Offer Food for Thought to Improve Baby Formula Supply Feb. 22, 2024 — Remember the 2022 baby formula crisis? The historic shortage of infant formula that year highlighted the precarious balance between regulation, competition and safety, according to a new study. The article takes a close look at the infant formula market and factors that contributed to the ... RELATED TOPICS Public Health World Development Resource Shortage Mindfulness at Work Protects Against Stress and Burnout Feb. 25, 2024 — A new study has revealed that employees who are more mindful in the digital workplace are better protected against stress, anxiety and overload. Researchers analyzed survey data from 142 ... RELATED TOPICS Workplace Health Anxiety Mental Health Research Combination of Group Competition and Repeated Interactions Promotes Cooperation Feb. 22, 2024 — How did cooperative behavior prevail in human evolution? Researchers have challenged two prevailing explanations -- repeated interactions on the one hand or group competition on the other. Instead, both mechanisms synergistically contribute to fostering cooperation ... RELATED TOPICS Social Psychology Psychology Consumer Behavior If Your TV Spoke to You, Would You Buy It? Study Finds People Spend More on Some 'Talking Products' Feb. 20, 2024 — New research used brain scanning technology to understand the effect of advertisements that try to sell products with talking versions of themselves. The work suggests that that anthromorphic displays lead to different cognition, and that buyers are likely to spend up to 20 percent more on more complex products promoted in advertisements that ... RELATED TOPICS Consumer Behavior Brain-Computer Interfaces Perception Science & Society Improving Energy Security Climate Change Risks at a National Scale Emergency Atmospheric Geoengineering Questioned New Mathematic Model for Cooperation Education & Learning How the Brain Achieves a Creative Flow State Negative Attitude Predicts Procrastination Early Vocabulary Size and ADHD Long-Term Memory and Lack of Mental Images Business & Industry Infant Formula Regulation: Supply Issues Mindfulness at Work Protects Against Stress How Competition Can Help Promote Cooperation If a TV Spoke to You, Would You Buy It? more top society/education stories Print Email Share Breaking this hour Secrets of One of the Most Distant Galaxies Compact Fusion Power Plant How Single Orca Hunts, Eats, Great White Shark AI Scores Higher On 'Creative Potential' How Radiation Shapes Planetary Systems Heaviest Black Hole Pair Ever 'Meat-Like' Proteins from Blue-Green Algae Building Bionic Jellyfish for Ocean Exploration Water Temperature On Ocean Worlds Probing Deep Layers of Moon: Fiber Optic Cable Trending Topics this week HEALTH Healthy Aging Human Biology Learning Disorders PHYSICAL & TECH Astrophysics Medical Technology Energy Policy ENVIRONMENT Energy and the Environment Renewable Energy Extinction Strange & Offbeat HUMAN QUIRKS New Dressing Robot Can 'Mimic' the Actions of Care-Workers AI Outperforms Humans in Standardized Tests of Creative Potential Study Identifies Multi-Organ Response to Seven Days Without Food BIZARRE THINGS Webb Unlocks Secrets of One of the Most Distant Galaxies Ever Seen New Dressing Robot Can 'Mimic' the Actions of Care-Workers Beyond the Ink: Painting With Physics ODD CREATURES Orcas Demonstrating They No Longer Need to Hunt in Packs to Take Down the Great White Shark Dung Beetles Show Their Love by Sharing the Load Building Bionic Jellyfish for Ocean Exploration About this Site ScienceDaily features breaking news about the latest discoveries in science, health, the environment, technology, and more -- from leading universities, scientific journals, and research organizations. Visitors can browse more than 500 individual topics, grouped into 12 main sections (listed under the top navigational menu), covering: the medical sciences and health; physical sciences and technology; biological sciences and the environment; and social sciences, business and education. Headlines and summaries of relevant news stories are provided on each topic page. Stories are posted daily, selected from press materials provided by hundreds of sources from around the world. Links to sources and relevant journal citations (where available) are included at the end of each post. For more information about ScienceDaily, please consult the links listed at the bottom of each page. Toggle navigation Menu SD SD Home Page Top Science News Latest News Home Home Page Top Science News Latest News Health View all the latest top news in the health sciences, or browse the topics below: Health & Medicine Allergy Cancer Cold and Flu Diabetes Heart Disease ... more topics Mind & Brain ADD and ADHD Alzheimer's Headaches Intelligence Psychology ... more topics Living Well Parenting Child Development Stress Nutrition Fitness ... more topics Tech View all the latest top news in the physical sciences & technology, or browse the topics below: Matter & Energy Chemistry Fossil Fuels Nanotechnology Physics Solar Energy ... more topics Space & Time Black Holes Dark Matter Extrasolar Planets Solar System Space Telescopes ... more topics Computers & Math Artificial Intelligence Mathematics Quantum Computers Robotics Virtual Reality ... more topics Enviro View all the latest top news in the environmental sciences, or browse the topics below: Plants & Animals Agriculture and Food Biology Biotechnology Extinction Microbes and More ... more topics Earth & Climate Climate Earthquakes Geology Global Warming Pollution ... more topics Fossils & Ruins Anthropology Archaeology Dinosaurs Evolution Paleontology ... more topics Society View all the latest top news in the social sciences & education, or browse the topics below: Science & Society Arts & Culture Economics Privacy Issues Public Health Sports ... more topics Business & Industry Computers & Internet Energy & Resources Engineering Medical Technology Transportation ... more topics Education & Learning Creativity Educational Psychology Infant & Preschool Learning Disorders STEM Education ... more topics Quirky Top News Human Quirks Odd Creatures Bizarre Things Weird World Keyword:Search Free Subscriptions Stay informed with ScienceDaily's free email newsletter, updated daily and weekly. Or view our many newsfeeds in your RSS reader: Email Newsletter RSS Feeds Follow Us Keep up to date with the latest news from ScienceDaily via social networks: Facebook X / Twitter Have Feedback? Tell us what you think of ScienceDaily -- we welcome both positive and negative comments. Have any problems using the site? Questions? Leave Feedback Contact Us About This Site | Staff | Contribute | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use Copyright 1995-2024 ScienceDaily or by other parties, where indicated. All rights controlled by their respective owners. Content on this website is for information only. It is not intended to provide medical or other professional advice. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily, contributors or partners. Financial support for ScienceDaily comes from advertisements and referral programs.