Home | University of Kentucky Skip to main University of Kentucky University-wide Navigation Resources Alumni Apply BBNvolved Calendar Canvas Directory Faculty & Staff Give Graphic Standards Jobs Libraries linkblue Registrar Severe Weather Procedures Site Index Tech Help Center UK Alert My UK Search our Site search Search University of Kentucky Utility Nav APPLY GIVE VISIT OneUK Menu Megamenu About UK About UK The University of Kentucky has a broad range of resources centered on a single campus in the heart of the Bluegrass. Our wide array of programs allows us to excel in multidisciplinary studies and fosters an environment of cooperative engagement across all colleges, programs, and research endeavors. Because of the lives we touch and teach, we remain anchored in our mission to Kentucky– to educate, innovate, heal, and serve. To be sure, our complex, multi-faceted mission looks different today in many ways than it did in 1865. However, our sense of responsibility to our communities on campus and across the region is resolute. The mission has evolved and grown. The vision of service to our Commonwealth and the world beyond remains the same. They remain our compass – the soul of the University of Kentucky. About Lexington Accreditation Administration Coldstream Research Commencement Community & Engagement Contact UK Diversity Economic Development Collaborative Esports Explore UK Traditions Mission Statement National Rankings Parent Association Smart Campus Sustainability UKNow Academics Academics UK has a strong faculty core that supports more than 200 academic programs spread across 16 degree-granting colleges, the Lewis Honors College, Graduate School, and the UK Library system. In the last several years, UK has received nearly 100 national rankings for excellence in academics, research, health care, and economic development. U.S. News and World Report ranks several of UK’s graduate programs among the nation’s best: the Martin School of Public Policy and Administration is ranked fourth in the category of public finance and budgeting, and the College of Pharmacy is ranked sixth. The University of Kentucky earned 28 Top 10 rankings and 50 Top 25 rankings over the last several years. Academic Calendar Martin-Gatton College of Agriculture, Food and Environment College of Arts and Sciences Gatton College of Business and Economics College of Communication and Information College of Dentistry College of Design College of Education Stanley and Karen Pigman College of Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Health Sciences J. David Rosenberg College of Law College of Medicine College of Nursing College of Pharmacy College of Public Health College of Social Work The Graduate School Lewis Honors College Libraries Martin School of Public Policy and Administration Patterson School of Diplomacy and International Commerce Office of the Provost International Center UK Online Admissions Admissions With more than 200 academic programs spread across 16 colleges and professional schools, more than 450 student organizations and clubs excited for new members or the 22 varsity sports programs to follow throughout the year, there is something for everyone at the University of Kentucky. Visit our admissions website for answers, insights, and stories that hopefully make your college decision a little easier. Our mission is to support the success of colleges and students in their commitment to academic excellence through outstanding service. Our recruitment team is dedicated to assisting you during the college selection process. Undergraduate Admissions UK Online About Lexington Diversity Financial Aid Graduate School Admissions History & Traditions Campus Housing International Center Professional School Students UK Dining Scholarships Student Life Transfer Students UK Fact Book UK at a Glance Veterans Resource Center Visit UK Athletics Athletics The University of Kentucky Athletics Department is a 22-sport program dedicated to competing at the highest level nationally and in the Southeastern Conference, while enriching the lives of its nearly 500 student-athletes – both during and after their time at UK – and honoring the deep connections it shares with its fans, the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the university it represents. With a rich tradition that dates back to 1881, UK Athletics seeks to live out its core values of character, integrity, knowledge, stewardship and competiveness every day. Those core values serve as the foundation for the pursuit of the current goals set forth in Elite 1-3-5: for every UK team to win a conference or national championship by 2022, to continue an ongoing streak of 12 straight semesters with a cumulative grade-point average of 3.0 and to finish in the top five of the national all-sports standings by 2022. Campus Recreation & Wellness Hall of Fame History & Traditions Intramural Sports Licensing Team Shop Ticket Office UK Athletics Current Students Current Students The University of Kentucky puts students first. One of the most compelling ways we manifest that commitment is how we support students as we prepare them to lead lives of meaning and purpose. On virtually every dimension of that commitment, we are doing more and being more for our students during their curricular and co-curricular journeys. These efforts are guided by the university’s strategic priorities to ensure access to an affordable higher education and to further enhance and support student success. The student body is diverse, representing more than 100 countries, every state in the nation and all 120 Kentucky counties. The university continues to attract the best and brightest from the Commonwealth and beyond. Graduate Students Professional School Students UK Online Student Success Inclusive Excellence Grants Martin Luther King Center Diversity Organizations Council fund Student Government Association (SGA) funding Research Research The University of Kentucky supports and empowers innovative research in all forms practiced across our diverse campus, varied disciplines and more than 70 centers and institutes. UK faculty, staff and student researchers create, discover and apply new knowledge, and explore the most complex problems facing Kentucky, the nation and the world. Our collaborative, cross-disciplinary research environment provides a rich training ground for the next generation of thinkers, creators and leaders. Research and development at UK has a direct economic impact on Kentucky. The $417 million UK spent on R&D in FY20 generated more than $772 million in economic activity across the Commonwealth. In Fayette County, 2,082 jobs were created and across the state more than 4,300 scientific jobs were created. UK Research Office of the Vice President for Research Research Priorities Research News Research Analytics Resources for Researchers Centers & Institutes Core Facilities Corporate Partners Participate in Research UK HealthCare UK HealthCare Established in 1957, the medical center at UK is one of the nation’s finest academic medical centers and includes the University’s clinical enterprise, UK HealthCare. The 724 bed UK Albert B. Chandler Hospital and Kentucky Children’s Hospital, along with 221 beds at UK Good Samaritan Hospital, are supported by a growing faculty and staff providing the most advanced subspecialty care for the most critically injured and ill patients throughout the Commonwealth and beyond. The number of patients served by the medical enterprise has increased from roughly 19,000 discharges in 2003 to more than 38,000 discharges in 2017. UK Chandler Hospital includes the only Level 1 Trauma Center for both adult and pediatric patients in Central and Eastern Kentucky. UK HealthCare Home University Health Service (Student & Employee Health) Main Menu / Search Main navigation (mobile) About UK Back About Lexington Accreditation Administration Coldstream Research Commencement Community & Engagement Contact UK Diversity Economic Development Collaborative Esports Explore UK Traditions Mission Statement National Rankings Parent Association Smart Campus Sustainability UKNow Academics Back Academic Calendar Martin-Gatton College of Agriculture, Food and Environment College of Arts and Sciences Gatton College of Business and Economics College of Communication and Information College of Dentistry College of Design College of Education Stanley and Karen Pigman College of Engineering College of Fine Arts College of Health Sciences J. David Rosenberg College of Law College of Medicine College of Nursing College of Pharmacy College of Public Health College of Social Work The Graduate School Lewis Honors College Libraries Martin School of Public Policy and Administration Patterson School of Diplomacy and International Commerce Office of the Provost International Center UK Online Admissions Back Undergraduate Admissions UK Online About Lexington Diversity Financial Aid Graduate School Admissions History & Traditions Campus Housing International Center Professional School Students UK Dining Scholarships Student Life Transfer Students UK Fact Book UK at a Glance Veterans Resource Center Visit UK Athletics Back Campus Recreation & Wellness Hall of Fame History & Traditions Intramural Sports Licensing Team Shop Ticket Office UK Athletics Current Students Back Graduate Students Professional School Students UK Online Student Success Inclusive Excellence Grants Martin Luther King Center Diversity Organizations Council fund Student Government Association (SGA) funding Research Back UK Research Office of the Vice President for Research Research Priorities Research News Research Analytics Resources for Researchers Centers & Institutes Core Facilities Corporate Partners Participate in Research UK HealthCare Back UK HealthCare Home University Health Service (Student & Employee Health) University-wide Navigation Resources Alumni Apply BBNvolved Calendar Canvas Directory Faculty & Staff Give Graphic Standards Jobs Libraries linkblue Registrar Severe Weather Procedures Site Index Tech Help Center UK Alert My UK Search our Site search Search Back to Tabs Honoring the Legacy of Lyman T. Johnson Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of one of our most significant stories Next THE REVEAL THE REVEAL The Herculaneum scrolls are among the most iconic and inaccessible of the world’s vast collection of damaged manuscripts. Next Healing More Kentuckians Healing More Kentuckians What Markey Cancer Center’s new, national recognition means for Kentucky Next Honoring the Legacy of Lyman T. Johnson IN THE NEWS Patient Finds Answers and Hope Before receiving an accurate diagnosis and treatment plan, Tina Frazier was unable to do many things she loves like working in her yard and playing with her dog "Pepper". Frazier found answers thanks to a dedicated UK neurology team. Transformative Gifts for UK, Our Commonwealth UK reaches historic 'Kentucky Can' campaign goal, but it's just the beginning. UK is a Promise Discover the promise of what faculty, staff and students at the University of Kentucky can accomplish together. PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS 16 Degree-granting colleges, the Lewis Honors College and Graduate School Apply 200+ Academic Programs Find your major EXPLORE YOUR WILDEST AMBITIONS Come see the University of Kentucky Virtual tour Schedule a tour By The Numbers $4 Billion Invested in infrastructure across campus, including a $256 million multidisciplinary research building and the continued expansion of a $1 billion health care facility started in 2004. 1 of 8 UK is one of only eight institutions in the country with the full complement of liberal arts, engineering, professional, agricultural and medical colleges and disciplines on one contiguous campus. 3.68 Average graduating GPA of Lewis Honors students. Footer menu Mission Statement Directions UK Alert Severe Weather Procedures Contact UK Visitor Center Important Information Phone 859 257-9000 Emergencies 911 / #UKPD(#8573) UKPD Dispatch 859 257-1616 Environmental Health & Safety 859 257-1376 Campus Map & Directions Social Media Follow us on social media TwitterFacebookInstagramPinterestYouTube An Equal Opportunity University Accreditation Directory Email Privacy Policy Accessibility Disclosures © University of Kentucky Lexington, Kentucky 40506