Welcome to the White House This is historical material, "frozen in time." The web site is no longer updated and links to external web sites and some internal pages will not work. Skip Main Navigation PRESIDENT | VICE PRESIDENT | FIRST LADY | MRS. CHENEY | NEWS Your Government | History & Tours | Kids | E-mail | En Español Podcasts RSS Feeds January 20, 2009Last updated 2:02 p.m. (EDT) Afghanistan Africa Budget Management Defense Economy Education Energy Environment Global Diplomacy Health Care Homeland Security Immigration International Trade Iraq Judicial Nominations Middle East National Security Veterans more issues News Current News Press Briefings Proclamations Executive Orders Radio Setting the Record Straight more news Interact Ask the White House White House Interactive Your Government President's Cabinet USA Freedom Corps Faith-Based & Community Initiatives Office of Management and Budget National Security Council USA.gov White House Fellows Appointments Nominations Features The Bush Record "I've been witness to the character of the people of America, who have shown calm in times of danger, compassion for one another, and toughness for the long haul. All of us have been partners in a great enterprise." –President George W. Bush The Bush Record Videos KeepingAmerica Safe Domestic Policy The Bush Record Mrs. Bush's Leadership As First Lady, she traveled domestically to all 50 States and internationally to more than 75 countries. A leading advocate for literacy, Mrs. Bush has championed the power of education to foster healthy families and communities, advance opportunity for young people, and promote human rights worldwide, particularly for women and children. Mrs. Bush's Leadership Freedom Agenda The United States is committed to the advance of freedom and democracy as the great alternatives to repression and radicalism. The most powerful weapon in the struggle against extremism is the universal appeal of freedom. Freedom is the best way to unleash the creativity and economic potential of a nation, the only ordering of a society that leads to justice, and the only way to achieve and permanently protect human rights. In Focus: Freedom Agenda Global War on Terror Following the attacks of September 11, 2001, President Bush recognized the threat posed by terrorists and took action to protect Americans and defeat violent extremism. Because of the actions taken by President Bush, America is safer, more secure, and winning the War on Terror. In Focus: National Security Presidential Transition The peaceful transfer of power from one Presidential Administration to the next is a hallmark of American democracy. President Bush has directed his Cabinet and staff to be forward-leaning in all of their efforts to ensure a smooth and effective transition. The Administration is committed to establishing and executing a transition plan that minimizes disruption, maintains continuity, and addresses the major changes in government since the 2000 transition. In Focus: Transition Latest News President George W. Bush and Mrs. Laura Bush walk out on the North Portico of the White House Tuesday morning, Jan. 20, 2009, to welcome President-Elect Barack Obama to the White House. White House photo by Joyce N. Boghosian President Bush Delivers Farewell Address to the Nation /news/releases/2009/01/20090115-17.wm.v.html President Bush on Thursday said, "It has been the privilege of a lifetime to serve as your President. There have been good days and tough days. But every day I have been inspired by the greatness of our country, and uplifted by the goodness of our people. I have been blessed to represent this nation we love. And I will always be honored to carry a title that means more to me than any other - citizen of the United States of America. And so, my fellow Americans, for the final time: Good night. May God bless this house and our next President. And may God bless you and our wonderful country." En Español Fact Sheet: President Bush: Farewell Address to the Nation Event Backgrounder and Guest List for the President's Farewell Address to the Nation In Focus: Bush Record President Bush Honors Presidential Medal of Freedom Recipients /news/releases/2009/01/20090113-7.wm.v.html President Bush on Tuesday said, "Each of these gentlemen we honor today has his own style and personality, and each has amassed distinctions and achievements that belong to him alone. Yet all of them have shown a firm adherence to the principles of freedom and democratic values, and a willingness to face problems squarely instead of passing them on to others." En Español Recipients of Medal of Freedom President's Radio AddressIn his final weekly radio address, President Bush said, " Eight years ago, on a cold January morning, I stood on the steps of the United States Capitol, placed my hand on the Bible, and swore a sacred oath to defend our people and our Constitution. On that day, I spoke of "our Nation's grand story of courage and its simple dream of dignity." Next week, my term of service will come to an end -- but that story and that dream will continue." En Español Audio In Focus: Bush Record Press Briefing by Press Secretary Dana Perino /news/releases/2009/01/20090116-18.wm.v.html Watch the final Press Briefing by White House Press Secretary Dana Perino President Bush Commemorates Foreign Policy Achievements and Presents Medal of Freedom to Ambassador Ryan Crocker /news/releases/2009/01/20090115.wm.v.html President Bush on Thursday said, "I also acted on this timeless belief, to whom much is given, much is required. We have been given a lot in our country. And it's not only in our strategic interests that we deal with hunger and disease, it is in our moral interest that we do so, as well. In the Western Hemisphere, we expanded trade and helped our fellow democracies deliver prosperity and social justice to their people. And around the world, we built a coalition of more than 90 nations to fight terror and advance the cause of freedom in the great ideological struggle of our time. In short, we've made our alliances stronger, we've made our nation safer, and we have made the world freer." En Español In Focus: Iraq In Focus: Freedom Agenda In Focus: Bush Record January 16, 2009 Photo Essay: The Bush Record /news/releases/2009/01/farewelladdress.html January 15, 2009 /news/releases/2009/01/farewelladdress.html President | Vice President | First Lady | Mrs. Cheney | News & Policies History & Tours | Kids | Your Government | Appointments | Jobs | Contact Accessibility | Search | Privacy Policy | Help | Site Map