UT iSchool | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home UT iSchool Menu University of Texas at Austin Home The University of Texas at Austin UT iSchool Make a Gift Search Search Search Search About Expand Vision & Core Values History & Tradition News & Events Jobs at the iSchool Contact Us Our iSchool, Our Stories Programs Expand Admissions Class Schedules Course Offerings Undergraduate Informatics Program Master of Science in Information Studies School Librarian Certificate Program Master of Science in Information Security & Privacy Dual Degree Programs PhD in Information Studies Certificate of Advanced Study Postdoctoral Fellowships People Expand Faculty, Staff, & Students Alumni Advisory Council Information Commons International Students iSchool Committees CARE Counselor Research Expand Research Areas Labs Information & Culture Visiting Scholars Postdoctoral Fellowships Careers Expand Students Alumni Employers HireUTexas Giving Expand Endowments Donate Online Student Giving iSCHOOL 75 homepage alt="Student wearing VR headset in class" Join the next generation of information researchers, designers, and innovators! Explore Our Degree Programs Become an iSchooler Our students learn how to think critically, make connections, and utilize empathy to help shape the future of information and technology. iSchool Admissions Jobs at the iSchool We welcome applicants with diverse academic and work experiences to join our department as educators, staff members, and innovators. Positions Available iSchool 75: Connecting People, Information, and Technology since 1948 At the School of Information, we are changing the future by engaging the present and preserving the past. Research and teaching at the iSchool changes the ways that we interact with information and technology, changes how information can make the world a better and fairer place, and changes the ways we protect and preserve our collective memory. Evolving and adapting to an ever changing world of information, the iSchool is the nexus of innovation and interdisciplinary scholarship focused on the human, social, cultural, and technical aspects of information. Learn More Upcoming Events UX Design Club - Speaker Event with a Product Designer from Google Wednesday March 6, 7 to 8 p.m. Applied Cybersecurity Community Clinic Virtual Info Session Thursday March 7, 9 to 10 a.m. Informatics Pizza with the Deans Tuesday March 19, 5 to 6:30 p.m. Prospective Undergraduate Student Online Information Session Monday March 25, 1 to 2 p.m. All Things CPT Tuesday April 2, 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. 1 2 next › last » All Events Press Releases Dec. 15, 2023 UT Austin and Cornell Medicine Awarded $1M NIH Grant to Tackle Black Youth Mental Health Dec. 1, 2023 iSchool Faculty & Alumna Join New National Research Center to Improve Outcomes for Disabled Students Nov. 15, 2023 iSchool Well-Represented at 2023 ASIS&T Annual Meeting, Andrew Dillon Receives Award of Merit Oct. 20, 2023 iSchool Celebrates 75 Years of Information Excellence More News See all news Why the iSchool? "I was able to take a wide range of courses within the School of Information, but also had the opportunity to take many classes outside of the program to really support my interdisciplinary career goals–and even personal goals." - Hali Hoyt, Offering Manager, IBM Meet Our Alumni Recent Research Ahmer Arif and Angela D. R. Smith Collaborate on $5M NSF Grant on Misinformation “Co-Designing for Trust,” a multi-institutional team working in Texas and Washington state to design community-centered solutions to mitigate the impacts of misinformation, has advanced to Phase 2 of the National Science Foundation’s Convergence Accelerator program. A new, $5 million grant will allow academic and community researchers to scale up work they started last fall in Phase 1 through a series of community workshops. Read More Soo Young Rieh, Ken Fleischmann, and R. David Lankes collaborate on Library/AI Fellowship Program The iSchool was awarded a $623,501 Laura Bush 21 Century Librarian Program grant by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) to educate and mentor the next generation of Library and Information Science faculty with expertise in artificial intelligence and data science. Fellows will engage in research projects while collaborating with iSchool faculty and librarians across three types of library contexts: public library, school library, and academic library. Fellows will also receive mentorship and gain valuable teaching experience educating future librarians how to best develop, apply, and use AI in libraries in ways that are equitable, ethical, and effective. Read More Min Kyung Lee and Ken Fleischmann Collaborate on $3M NSF NRT Grant on Ethical AI iSchool faculty members Min Kyung Lee and Ken Fleischmann are collaborating with UT faculty at the School of Architecture, Cockrell School of Engineering, and Department of Computer Science on a $3M NSF Research Traineeship (NRT) grant. Doctoral fellows will complete coursework in Ethical AI, including courses in Human-AI Interaction and Ethics of AI at the iSchool, as well as participate in a seminar on Ethical AI, have opportunities for professional development, participate in professionally relevant community service activities, and be eligible for internships. Read more Accreditations and Memberships ala-accredited.jpg ischools-organization-logo.png UT iSchool 1616 Guadalupe St, Suite #5.202 Austin, Texas 78701-1213 FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeInstagram Contact Us News & Events Email Lists Indigenous Land Acknowledgment Login Resources Wiki UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader © The University of Texas at Austin 2024