Home - Science and Nonduality (SAND) Events Courses Explore Articles Videos Podcast Films My Library JOIN SAND Events Courses Explore All Articles Videos Podcast Films My Library JOIN SAND SEARCH Popular Topics Zen Yoga Trauma Taoism Tantra Sufism Spiritual Traditions Society Social Sciences Shamanism SAND Vision SAND (Science And Nonduality) is a community rooted in the fusion of timeless wisdom, cutting-edge science, and direct experience. We gather to contemplate and honor the intricate tapestry of beauty, complexity, pain, and enigmatic mystery that weaves the infinite cycles of existence. Guided by a spirit of exploration, we transcend narrow notions of ultimate truths and binary thinking, embracing our interconnectedness within the web of life. At the crossroads of spiritual inquiry, social healing, scientific exploration, and artistic expression, we embark on an illuminating journey to unravel the depths of what it means to be human. Together, we strive to expand knowledge, deepen understanding, and co-create a world that is more interconnected, awakened, and compassionate. SAND welcomes you to join this transformative convergence, where the wisdom of ages, the forefront of science, and the wonders of direct experience harmonize into a symphony of growth and discovery. Discover More Land, Lineage & Resisting Genocide Spiritual Perspectives and Practices March 7, 2024 • 11:30am – 1:00pm PST Join us for a Community Gathering with Layla K. Feghali, Taya Mâ Shere & Daniel Foor. We are now over four months into a worsening genocide in Gaza — with over 30,000 murdered and over 2 million now enduring military enforced famine enacted by Israel, the US, and their global allies. In this gathering, our three guests will share of their personal attempts as Earth-honoring ritualists and educators to embody core values and take tangible action in a time of genocide. Join Us Restoring Wholeness An Introduction to Internal Family Systems March 21, 2024 • 10:00 – 11:30am PST In this Community Gathering Internal Family System (IFS) founder Richard Schwartz will outline how to transform our relationship with the wounded parts holding our unresolved injuries. Join us for this conversation and explore how engaging all parts of us can shift traumatic burdens into new possibilities for aliveness, inner peace, and relational well-being. Join Us In the Mirror What can we learn from AI about being human? February 25, March 3 & 10, 2024 • 10:00 – 11:30 am PST A three-part webinar with Chris Fields & special guest Eric Dietrich. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is now part of the daily news, with prominent public figures issuing dire statements about existential risk and governments scrambling to devise regulations. Lost in this conversation — which sometimes seems designed to induce fear and panic — is any discussion of what AI systems do and how they do it. The goal of this webinar is to step back from the headlines, reflect on AI as a human construct, and ask what it can teach us about ourselves. Chris will suggest that by viewing AI as both a technological experiment and a cultural phenomenon, we can indeed learn a lot. Register Welcome to theSAND Community Where we come together to explore beyond ultimate truths, binary thinking, and individual awakening while in deep reverence of the beauty, complexity, pain, and great mystery that weave the infinite cycles of existence. Join SAND resources community gatherings community gatherings courses community gatherings community gatherings podcast podcast courses podcast community gatherings courses podcast courses films community gatherings Events Community Gathering Land, Lineage, and Resisting Genocide Thursday March 7, 2024 • 11:30am – 1:00pm PST Spiritual Perspectives & PracticesA Community Gathering with Layla K. Feghali, Taya Mâ Shere & Daniel Foor Webinar In the Mirror February 25, March 3 & 10, 2024 • 10:00 – 11:30 am PST What we can learn from AI about being humanA webinar with Chris Fields & Eric Dietrich Community Gathering Restoring Wholeness Mar 21, 2024 – Mar 21, 2024, 10:00 am-11:30 am PST An Introduction to Internal Family Systems A Community Gathering with Richard Schwartz Let’s Learn Together SAND Webinars & Courses From quantum physics to meditation, inter-generational trauma, or indigenous wisdom, SAND courses are designed to deepen our understanding of the nature of reality, consciousness, and the interconnection of all things. Whether you are new to these subjects or have been exploring them for years, this is an opportunity to learn from leading experts and engage in a communal learning experience with a global community of fellow explorers. Explore webinars & courses Explore Spiritual Traditions Seeing Into the Reality of Emptiness Mar 5, 2024 Article by Tangen Harada Roshi Sacred Action Aaron Bushnell’s Divine Violence Mar 4, 2024 Article by Chris Hedges Science Spiritual Traditions Buddhism and Quantum Mechanics Mar 1, 2024 Article by Michael Behrens Spiritual Traditions #75 Love-With-Justice Feb 29, 2024 Podcast with Omid Safi Sacred Action We All Live in Gaza #2: Terror by Night, Solace by Day Feb 28, 2024 Video with The Media Group, Studio Resolution Sacred Action Spiritual Traditions The Unburnt Heart of Compassion Feb 26, 2024 Video with Thích Quảng Đức Arts Beannacht / Blessing Feb 23, 2024 Poem by John O'Donohue Spiritual Traditions #74 Engaged and Aspirational Bodhicitta Feb 22, 2024 Podcast with Lama Tsomo Science Universal pattern of brain wave frequencies unraveled Feb 21, 2024 Article by Amit Malewar Spiritual Traditions Dadirri: Ancient Aboriginal Mindfulness Traditions Feb 19, 2024 Article by We Al-li Science Spiritual Traditions Tesla’s “Free Energy” & Vedic Philosophy Feb 16, 2024 Article by Arjun Walia Sacred Action #73 Bloodlines Feb 15, 2024 Podcast with Sulaiman Khatib, meital yaniv, Rae Abileah The Wisdom of Trauma Watch the film Trauma is the invisible force that shapes our lives. It shapes the way we live, the way we love and the way we make sense of the world. It is the root of our deepest wounds. Dr. Maté gives us a new vision: a trauma-informed society in which parents, teachers, physicians, policy-makers and legal personnel are not concerned with fixing behaviors, making diagnoses, suppressing symptoms and judging, but seek instead to understand the sources from which troubling behaviors and diseases spring in the wounded human soul. The Spectrum Topics we explore At the intersection of spirituality, social healing, science, and the arts. Choose a category below to explore related articles, poems, videos, and podcasts. Spiritual Traditions Living Universe Love & Relationships Society Sacred Action Arts Science Newsletter Sign up to receive news and updates from SAND. Your details are strictly confidential and never shared. Newsletter Signup Support SAND with a Donation Science and Nonduality is a nonprofit organization. Your donation goes towards the development of our vision and the growth of our community. Thank you for your support! Donate The mission of Science and Nonduality (SAND) is to explore beyond ultimate truths, binary thinking, and individual awakening while in deep reverence of the beauty, complexity, pain, and great mystery that weave the infinite cycles of existence. AboutTeam Board Mission Nonduality FAQs Contact us FAQ Scholarships CommunityDonate Publish Scholarships Sponsors & Partners Testimonials Privacy Recording Policy Recording Policy Privacy Contact Us All Rights Reserved © 2024 Science and Nonduality (SAND)