Jamaica Gleaner Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps eGleaner Login Subscribe Now Tue | Mar 5, 2024 Search Jamaica Gleaner Menu Main menuHomeLead StoriesNewsSportsEntertainmentBusinessLettersCommentaryHealthLifestyle Secondary Menu World News In Focus Auto Food Shipping Art & Leisure Classifieds Commerce Elections Flair Jobs Podcast Puzzles Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter In The News JAMAICA NOW: Warmington & Meadows chopped | Adam in fight over Sandals | Russian gets to leave Home Latest News Guns seized at property allegedly linked to man killed by police in Flanker on election day The police recovered two firearms during a targeted operation in Flanker, St James, on Tuesday. Commanding officer for the St James Police Division, Senior Superintendent Vernon Ellis, says an AK-47 mini rifle and a camouflage-... Comments Update | Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads logins restored after widespread outage A technical issue caused widespread login issues for a few hours across Meta's Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms Tuesday. Andy Stone, Meta's head communications, acknowledged the issues on X, formerly known as Twitter,... 1:19 pm ESTComments Man charged for allegedly stealing woman's phone in Hanover1:09 pm EST Credit and debit cards now accepted on Highway 2000 East-West12:28 pm EST Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads down in widespread outage11:39 am EST Gangs in Haiti try to seize control of main airport 11:11 am EST IC pushing for Warmington's removal from parliamentary committees More Lead Stories GETAWAY DRIVER FEELS HEAT THE COURT of Appeal has ruled that, because of the prevalence of gun crimes in Jamaica, 15 years’ imprisonment at hard labour, imposed on the getaway driver in a robbery, was not manifestly excessive or unreasonable. Appellant 44-year-old Germaine... Comments ‘Minimum standards’ being sought for ‘magic’ mushroom industry CHAIR OF the Jamaica Psilocybin Technical Committee, Senator Dr Saphire Longmore, has disclosed that the group is far advanced in its advocacy for the standardisation of the psilocybin ‘magic’ mushroom industry. “With the growth of this industry,... Comments Golden Triangle residents want role in plans for Vale Royal 11:48 am EST I am going nowhere – Meadows ‘Stress’, high anticipation as Beachy Stout judgment nears Green: Now is the time for coconut industry expansion More Monthly NA Branded Content Edition News World Bank gung-ho about tourism and agriculture The World Bank has identified tourism and agriculture as two of the main drivers of economic development for Jamaica and will focus its investments on these two subsectors under the second Rural Economic Development Initiative (REDI 2), following... Comments Tilapia on the rise Jamaica took another step closer to enhancing food security and nutrition with last Thursday’s ground-breaking for the Tilapia Hatchery Upgrade project at Twickenham Park, St Catherine, which, when operating at full capacity, will be able to... Comments Today is peace day Growth & Jobs | Remittances – A safety net for the elderly Growth & Jobs | Creative industries driving growth in Jamaica Growth & Jobs | PM urges MSMEs to apply for DBJ’s innovation grant More Sports Cavalier miss chance to regain JPL lead CAVALIER missed a glorious chance to regain the lead in the Jamaica Premier League (JPL) at the Stadium East field last night after they were held to a 1-1 draw by lowly Humble Lion. The former champions extended their unbeaten run to 12 games... Comments Taylor, Henry set up big win for Jamaica BASSETERRE, St Kitts (CMC): Jamaica Women followed up a dominant batting performance led by the West Indies Women’s duo of Stafanie Taylor and Chinelle Henry with sharp fielding and stunned double crown defending champions Barbados Women with a 200... Comments Case management hearing: JFF, BSJ back in court today East vs Etienne should not be missed McConnell ends Nitrocross Champs in second place More Business JetBlue, Spirit end merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal JetBlue Airways and Spirit Airlines are ending their proposed US$3.8 billion merger weeks after a federal judge blocked the deal, saying it would hurt consumers who depend on Spirit’s lower fares. JetBlue said Monday that even though both companies... Comments Record profit for New Fortress Premium American natural gas supplier New Fortress Energy, NFE, racked up record profit of US$548 million year, bettering its previous annual outturn by 180 per cent. “This year was a record by all of our reported metrics,” said Wes Edens, NFE president... Comments Sagicor Group scores $14b profit One Tech Tip: Don’t use rice for your device Oran Hall | The enticement of the Tourism Workers Pension Scheme Premium More Entertainment ‘Flawless Victory’ for Bay-C and Xyclone with # 1 debut on iTunes Reggae Albums chart Independent dancehall artistes, Bay-C from popular dancehall group TOK and Billboard chart-topping artiste Xyclone, lived up to the title of their project when they dislodged reggae icon, Bob Marley, from atop the USA iTunes Reggae Albums Chart on... Comments Sinead O’Connor’s estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies LONDON (AP): The estate of Sinead O’Connor on Monday asked Donald Trump not to play her music at campaign rallies, saying the late singer considered the former president a “biblical devil”. Trump has played O’Connor’s biggest hit, Nothing Compares... Comments ‘Dune: Part Two’ a sci-fi epic made for cinema Story writing ‘satisfying but not easy’, says veteran author BB Seaton 'giant of Jamaican music' has died More Commentary Editorial | Light on CARICOM Its implementation deficit apart, a major drawback of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) is that its most critical constituencies, the ordinary citizens of the region, know too little of what is supposedly being done on their behalf. It is not... Comments Gordon Robinson | The essence of misconduct It’s time to take another vacation in Apocrypha, our favourite Fantasyland beyond the clouds. This time we find both political leaders squirming on the horns of a dilemma. Results of recent elections for Apocrypha’s Local Government Authorities... Comments Michael Abrahams | Local government bangarang Editorial | Hailing Lloyd; next Rainford Ronald Thwaites | Wheel and come again More Letters Letter of the Day | Who really won when few cared to vote THE EDITOR, Madam: The Jamaica Labour Party (JLP) won the latest local government elections according to our rules. But something interesting happened – both the JLP and the People’s National Party (PNP) said they won before the official count... Comments Should a travel advisory against the US be issued? THE EDITOR, Madam: Jamaicans should reconsider travel to the United States. The shootings at the Kansas City Chiefs victory parade is the most recent example of a country that has for the year-to date officially recorded 48 mass shootings. On... Comments PNP got popular votes, but should they claim victory? Letter of the Day | Collaborative action to fight obesity pandemic Educators should be encouraged to use AI tools More World News Haiti orders curfew after gangs overrun its two largest prisons PORT-AU-PRINCE (AP): Authorities in Haiti have ordered a night-time curfew after an explosion of violence when gang gunmen overran the two biggest prisons and freed thousands of inmates over the weekend. A 72-hour state of emergency began Sunday... Comments Jill Biden honours ‘women of courage’ at White House WASHINGTON (AP): US First lady Jill Biden hosted a White House ceremony on Monday for “women of courage” who have fought political repression, sexual violence, economic hardship and gender discrimination around the world. “You’ve spoken out for... Comments Court orders deportation of Grenadian murder suspects Super Tuesday’s dominance highlights how presidential selection process can exclude voters Shehbaz Sharif becomes new premier as Imran Khan’s allies allege rigging Doctors hold massive anti-government rally over medical school recruitment plan More Lifestyle The Andersons unite in friendship and love For Sashanna Lamey and Joel Anderson, friendship laid the solid foundation for lifelong love. In the heart of Seaview Gardens, Kingston, a beautiful story unfolded between them. “We were friends for a while, from about 2007, before we realised... Something Extra | Tuesday The Reggae Gold Awards... Something Extra | Monday Dream House | Belmont cottage a ‘feast for the senses’ From Jamaica to the Moon Something Extra | Saturday More Shipping Global trade strained as major shipping routes face disruptions TWO CRITICAL global maritime trade routes are grappling with disruptions, setting the stage for potential repercussions on inflation, food, and energy security worldwide. This according to a recent report Navigating troubled waters: Impact to... Comments Shipping Schedule CMA CGM KINGSTON HAMBURG TRADER 05/03 CMA CGM ARISTOTE 05/03 CRYSTAL A 05/03 CMA CGM MAUPASSANT 05/03 ELBTRAVELLER 06/03 SC MONTANA 06/03 CRYSTAL A 06/03 MARFRET GUYANE 06/03 CARDIFF 07/03 EXPRESS BRAZIL 07/03 SEASPAN ZAMBEZI 07/03... Comments Flashback: SAJ at 85 Jamaica hosts oil spill contingency planning workshop Shipping Schedule Flashback: The SAJ at 85 More Videos For more videos click here. Scholarship to go 2022 The Gleaner Supplement The Gleaner Library Your main source for news and information since 1834. Weather Today's Front Page Cartoons Puzzles Play Online Puzzles Table of Contents The Gleaner ArchivesDigital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your WayMobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Games Videos GCML WebsitesThe Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Gleaner - North America Youthlink Voice UK Flair GCML WebsitesRestaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Weather Gleaner LinksOur Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJRGLEANER Merger Q&A Copyright © 2024 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved. Have questions or concerns? Chat with our virtual assistant.