Baltic Trail 2019Get ticketsBaltic Trail is a gathering for electronic music producers and musicians – a creative camp and mini showcase festival. The main goal of the gathering is to unite movements of forward-thinking music creators within Baltics and provide a platform for audio-visual collaboration, as well as knowledge sharing and networking.Producers, vocalists and instrumentalists from Baltic states will meet in Liepāja from 20th to 28th of September to share their knowledge, discuss the electronic music scene and showcase their material for an international audience.In an intense week of music production 12 producers, vocalists and instrumentalists from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia will work in 4 pop-up studios in Liepāja to create at least four 20 to 30 min concert programs. One of the groups will create a spatial sound installation. Besides the showcases of camp results there will be several concerts where the camp participants will be joined by other independent artists. September20th – 27th CampIn an intense week of music production 11 producers, vocalists and instrumentalists from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia will work in 4 pop-up studios in Liepāja to create at least four 20 to 30 min concert programs.Baltic Trail participants: Multilux (LV), Evija Vēbere (LV), MNTHA (LV), Jack Valery (LV), Demaui (LV), Karkasas (LT), Distorted Noise Architect (LT), Fume (LT), Ruta MUR (LT), Morning (LT), ELLIP (EE), Theodore Parker (USA/EE).Visual artists Anja Malec from Norway and Katrin Novaković from Croatia will join some of the groups to create audiovisual dimension for their showcases.Participants will be divided in four groups. One of them – Fume, Demaui and Theodore Parker – together with Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater Music Innovation Studies Center (MiSC) professor Mantautas Krukauskas will create a spatial sound installation.Read more...September26th & 27thGet tickets Spatial Sound ShowcasesGet ticketsWithin two show-cases seven electronic performers from Latvia, Lithuania and USA will each perform a 20-minute rendition of how they see the relationship between space and music.The venue will be equipped with 17 spherically placed speakers creating a sound globe, thus providing the audience with immersive sound experience. The audience will be able to walk about the space and gather around the performers who will be placed in the center of the sound sphere.The show-case will use Ambisonics, a full-sphere surround sound format. In addition to the horizontal plane, it covers sound sources above and below the listener. Unlike other multichannel surround formats, its transmission channels do not carry speaker signals. Instead, they contain a speaker-independent representation of a sound field called B-format, which is then decoded to the listener's speaker setup. This extra step allows the producer to think in terms of source directions rather than loudspeaker positions, and offers the listener a considerable degree of flexibility as to the layout and number of speakers used for playback.The performers: Platon Buravicky – classical and electronic music composer, educator, pianist and electronic musician from Riga ELVI – electronic performer and sound artist from Riga Glociks – electronic musician from Liepāja Demaui (Baltic Trail participant) – sound artist and music producer from Liepāja Theodore Parker (Baltic Trail participant) – an American guitarist, electro-acoustic musician and an improviser now based in Tallinn Mantautas Krukauskas – pianist, composer and educator from Vilnius Pijus Džiugas Meižis – electronic performer from VilniusLocation: c/p Wiktorija, Graudu St. 34, LiepājaRead more...September27th Spatial Sound InstallationFriday, 27th of September, from 12.00 to 17.00 at the culture place Wiktorija – Spatial Sound Installation created by Baltic Trail participants Demaui (LV), Fume (LT), Theodore Parker (USA/EE) together with pianist, composer and head of the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre – Music Innovation Study Centre prof. Mantautas Krukauskas.The concept and content of installation will be created during the Baltic Trail gathering week. The creative group will work at Dirty Deal Audio spatial sound studio in Liepāja.The venue of spatial sound installation will be fitted with 17 spherically placed speakers creating a sound globe, thus providing the audience with immersive sound experience.Admission fee: 2 EUR (tickets at the door) Location: Wiktorija, Graudu St. 34, LiepājaRead more...September27thGet tickets Baltic Trail Camp Results ShowcaseGet ticketsThe showcase of Baltic Trail camp results will take place on Friday, 27th of September, 20.00 at the culture place Kursas putni.Baltic Trail participants: Multilux (LV), Evija Vebere (LV), Jack Valery (LV), MNTHA (LV), ELLIP (EE), Karkasas (LT), Ruta MUR (LT), Morning (LT) and Distorted Noise Architect (LT), together with visual artists Anja Malec from Norway and Katrin Novaković from Croatia.The groups and performances will be created during the week of Baltic Trail from 20th to 27th of September in 4 pop-up studios in Liepāja.Alongside these performances, one of the groups will create a spatial sound installation that will be presented earlier that day at culture place Wiktorija.Starting from 23:00 we are going to have an easy going after party at Kultūrvieta Kursas Putni – a cosy venue in Juliannas pagalms! We are going to hear MNTHA and Jack Valery with their solo live performances and Dj set from NiklāvZ and Highleef!No entrance fee.Location: Kursas putni, Kuģinieku St. 5, LiepājaRead more...September27th Baltic Trail Camp Results Showcase after-partyKursas putni, Kuģinieku St. 5, LiepājaRead more...September28thGet tickets Baltic Trail Closing Night. Liepāja Art ForumGet ticketsCulture place Wiktorija will host the electronic music gathering Baltic Trail closing event organized together with the Liepāja Art Forum 2019. The hybrid between a concert and a party will feature Baltic experimental electronic music of wide spectrum – from ambient, noise and abstract pop structures to banging electronic dance music. Live music all night long!Four Baltic Trail participants and a number of guest musicians from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia will perform during the closing night.Program: 21:00 - Door opens 22:00 - Pijus Džiugas Meižis (LT) 22:50 - Ratkiller (EE) 23:40 - Evija Vebere (LV) (Baltic Trail participant) 00:30 - ELVI (LV) 01:20 - SKD (LV) 02:10 - Karkasas (LT) (Baltic Trail participant) 3:00 - Multilux (LV) (Baltic Trail participan) 3:50 - Distorted Noise Architect (LT) (Baltic Trail participant)Location: c/p Wiktorija, Graudu St. 34, LiepājaRead more... Location: Liepāja, Latvia. Multilux (LV) Evija Vēbere (LV) MNTHA (LV) Jack Valery (LV) Ruta MUR (LT) Demaui (LV) Karkasas (LT) Distorted Noise Architect (LT) Fume (LT) Morning (LT) ELLIP (EE) Theodore Parker (USA/EE) Pijus Džiugas Meižis (LT) Ratkiller (EE) ELVI (LV) SKD (LV) Platon Buravicky (LV) Glociks (LV) Mantautas Krukauskas (LT) Highleef (LT) NiklāvZ (LV)Organised by:Funded by:Partners: