Summer Holidays in Austria Language Choose your Language Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Pусский Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Česky للغة العربية 中文 日本語 한국어 THE OFFICIAL TRAVEL PORTAL Convention B2B Press Language Search Submit Choose your Language Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Pусский Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Česky للغة العربية 中文 日本語 한국어 Homepage Active & Outdoors Wellbeing Food & Drink Culture Sustainability Travel & Info Things to Do Skiing and Winter Cities and Culture Lakes and Nature Food & Drink Walking and Hiking Cycling and Biking Round Trips & Itineraries Family Trips Spa and Wellness Where to Go Austrian Cities Provinces Where to Stay Regions Service and Facts About Austria Getting There and Around The Vignette – Austria’s Motorway Toll Sticker Accessible Travel Covid-19 Events in Austria Sustainability More Active & Outdoors Wellbeing Food & Drink Culture Sustainability Travel & Info Things to Do Skiing and Winter Cities and Culture Lakes and Nature Food & Drink Walking and Hiking Cycling and Biking Round Trips & Itineraries Family Trips Spa and Wellness Where to Go Austrian Cities Provinces Where to Stay Regions Service and Facts About Austria Getting There and Around The Vignette – Austria’s Motorway Toll Sticker Accessible Travel Covid-19 Events in Austria Sustainability Map Where to Stay Things to Do Skiing and Winter Cities and Culture Lakes and Nature Food & Drink Walking and Hiking Cycling and Biking Round Trips & Itineraries Family Trips Spa and Wellness Where to Go Austrian Cities Provinces Where to Stay Regions Service and Facts About Austria Getting There and Around The Vignette – Austria’s Motorway Toll Sticker Accessible Travel Covid-19 Events in Austria Sustainability Further search suggestions Please find information on holidays in Austria in your local language by selecting it here. Welcome to the Holiday Information Service Contact Our holiday experts are here to assist you with your holiday planning. Send us a message and we will get back you as soon as we can. Name Please insert your name. Email address Please enter a valid email address. Your question? Please enter your question. modal.contact.calculationData There was some error in your submition Result of calculation Please indicate the result of the calculation. site There was some error in your submition Submit Please fill in fields marked with * Give us a call Monday to Friday from 8am to noon. Outside of our office hours please drop us an email and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Telephone: 00800 400 200 00 Österreich Werbung Vordere Zollamtsstraße 13 A-1030 Wien Wien AT info@austria.info *toll-free; calls from mobile networks may incur charges Menu Menu Search Search Please find information on holidays in Austria in your local language by selecting it here. Launchkampagne Lebensgefühl Österreich - Sujet für Austria Info unter Wasser Mobil Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Launchkampagne Lebensgefühl Österreich - Sujet für Austria Info unter Wasser Desktop Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Austria – See the Best of Europe in One Country “Austria is possibly the best combination of culture and nature on the planet”. Lonely Planet Discover the Country View Gloriette, Schönbrunn Palace Schloss Schönbrunn Kultur- und Betriebsges.m.b.H. / Severin Wurnig media_content.tooltip.skipped Discover Austria Explore Austria at its best with these concise itineraries. Whether it's iconic landmarks or hidden gems, culinary delights or art and culture, discover how to make the most out of your stay. Read more Vienna Giant Ferris Whee WienTourismus / Paul Bauer media_content.tooltip.skipped Vienna in 3 Days City of Salzburg Tourismus Salzburg GmbH media_content.tooltip.skipped Salzburg in 48 hours Goldenes Dachl in Innsbruck TVB Innsbruck / Markus Mair media_content.tooltip.skipped Innsbruck in 3 Days Schlossberg in Graz Graz Tourism / Harry Schiffer media_content.tooltip.skipped Graz in 3 Days Our Hotel Reccomendations Austria Hotel Collection Looking for a charming family-run hotel, a luxury spa resort, or a cosy private apartment? Here is our curated list featuring great hotels in Austria's cities and on the countryside. Find your hotel Breakfast Das Central - Alpine. Luxury. Life. / Rudi Wyhlidal media_content.tooltip.skipped Sponsored A Summer in Austria - Your Daily Dose of 'Lebensgefühl' Nature, mountains and lakes, cultural treasures and thousands of moments of indulgence are the setting for a very special attitude you'll experience during a summer holiday in Austria: A light-hearted feeling, that comes to life beautifully when connecting to the locals. Lebensgefühl Austria - hiking with the family Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped A Holiday in Austria puts a Smile on your Face An experience, an encounter, sometimes just a moment - and the new somehow feels familiar. In Austria, this atmosphere is literally in the air: A sensation that, in nature, feels light and free, full of fun and joie de vivre. A feeling that, while connecting with the people who live here, feels genuine.Mountains, water, energetic places, cultural treasures - that is Austria for you. As well as cooling off in a crystal-clear lake, the gratifying feeling when conquering a summit, and a snack at a mountain hut. Austria is the freedom of an open-air festival, and the cosiness of a wine tavern. All places and moments, that make it easy to clear your head, to be amazed, to feel the vitality. The spark is quickly ignited. Anyone who is a guest here becomes part of this very special attitude to life. Summer Holidays in Austria Experience Austria's Nature Lebensgefühl Austria - hiking in the great outdoors Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped These Boots are made for Walking Anyone, who experiences Austria's mountains while hiking and climbing will soon feel it, the sense of happiness - a mix of lightsomeness, freedom and connection with nature. Walking and Hiking in Austria Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - sujet Underwater Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped The Most Beautiful Swimming Lakes Nestled in alpine landscapes, the crystal-clear lakes are famous for their drinking water quality and beauty. Enjoy the vitality and have fun. Austria's Bathing Lakes Lebensgefühl Austria - mountain biking Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped I want to ride my Bicycle A challenging mountain bike climb, a leisurely ride along the Danube river, or a sightseeing tour on two wheels through a city - Austria has got you covered. Biking in Austria We Are Family Lebensgefühl Austria - children at play Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Hiking with Children Exploring mosses, watching butterflies, feeding goats ... Children are curious. Austria's hiking routes are just right for an unforgettable hiking day. Hiking with kids Moments of Cultural Pleasure Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - Sujet Party Night Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Museums and Galleries From world-famous historical paintings to the avant-garde, from magnificent imperial halls to centuries-old farmhouses: Austria's museum and gallery landscape is exciting. Museums in Austria Lebensgefühl Austria - experience culture in a breathtaking setting Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Festivals Austria regularly attracts some of the best musicians in the world. The magical locations add a unique touch to performances. Festivals Embrace Austria's Guilty Pleasures Lebensgefühl Austria - a snack in the open air at a wine tavern Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Wine Culture in Austria The Austrian soul is rarely as convincing as at a wine tavern: The wine, the hearty dishes, a cosy atmosphere, and the view onto the vineyards - a 'Lebensgefühl', that opens the heart. Wine from the region Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - sujet Mountain Experience Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Culinary Pit-Stops in Austria When enjoying local cuisine at Austria's alpine huts and restaurants, there is always something for the eye as well: The view of the surrounding mountains is at least as delightful as the regional alpine products. Huts with a View Painted easter eggs TVB Bad Kreuzen media_content.tooltip.skipped Easter in Austria Experience Austria's unique traditions and visit one (or more!) of our colourful Easter markets. Read more Which Summer Activity do you Fancy? Hiking in the Zillertal in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Walking and Hiking in Austria Cycling along the Danube Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Cycling and Biking in Austria Mountain lake in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Lakes and Nature in Austria Trailrunning in the Zillertal Jurgen Groenwals Zillertal Tourismus GmbH media_content.tooltip.skipped Trailrunning: A Wonderful Family Experience Discover City Life City holidays in Vienna, Kunsthistorisches Museum Wien (Art History Museum) Austrian National Tourist Office / Marco Rossi Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna media_content.tooltip.skipped City Breaks in Summer - Your Cultural 'Lebensgefühl' City trips in Austrias cultural summer hit right at the heart. Because Austrias cities surprise, make curious – and sometimes even are addictive. #feelAustria City Breaks in Austria Discover Austria Austria is a country rich with history, beautiful regions, imperial cities and year long activities. Sunset in Pertisau on Lake Achensee Achensee Tourismus media_content.tooltip.skipped In Harmony with Austria When you spend your holiday in Austria, you will experience that one moment – the moment that you’ll remember for years to come, the moment you’ll return to in your head when life gets stressful. Read more Lebensgefühl Austria - cycling with pleasure Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Active in the Outdoors It's the small moments that make us happy: The pride on our best friend's face when finally reaching the summit. Or at night, falling asleep with achy legs but a smile on our face. That's what life in the outdoors is all about. Go explore Lebensgefühl Austria - on the shores of a lake Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic media_content.tooltip.skipped Wellbeing & Relaxation in Austria's Nature Nature soothes our minds and bodies. From the healing effect of waterfalls and trees to the beauty of cultural landscapes, mountains, and waters, Austria is filled with natural gems. Discover Austria's nature An atmosphere of the forest in Ebenthal Austrian National Tourist Office / Michael Stabentheiner media_content.tooltip.skipped Why Forest Bathing Can Make You Healthier and Happier, According to Science Spending time in the forest has a soothing, refreshing effect on our bodies and minds. But how does it work, exactly? Find out Panorama Spa at Hotel Alpenrose Wellnessresidenz Alpenrose media_content.tooltip.skipped Why Spas and Thermal Baths Are So Good for Us They strengthen our immune system or relax us through and through. Find out why spas can be a veritable fountain of youth. Dive in Fairkocht in der Schtubacht Küche Fairkocht GmbH / Angela Lamprecht media_content.tooltip.skipped Culinary discovery trip through Austria Austria owes its culinary identity to both its location in the heart of Europe and its remarkable history. Austria stands for openness to varied influences and a love for refining existing traditions at the highest level. Read more Breakfast served on a boat (Plätte) at Lake Grundlsee Steiermark Tourismus / Tom Lamm media_content.tooltip.skipped 9 restaurants and mountain huts with a view The sun in your face, a view with wow effect, and on top of that fine food: from lakeside restaurants to rustic mountain huts. Read more organic farm Josef Göltl Netzwerk Kulinarik / Robert Herbst (pov.at) media_content.tooltip.skipped Dream career: organic farmer Out of a passion for old pig breeds: Josef Göltl decided to give up his career as a mechanic to become an organic farmer. Visit the organic pig farm Belvedere Palace Austrian National Tourist Office / Christian Kremser Belvedere media_content.tooltip.skipped Austrian Culture, Artists & Masterpieces Let us dive into Austria’s arts and culture sphere and discover fascinating stories of the masters and personae that led the way. Learn more... Hedy Lamarr, Girl On The Moon John Kobal Foundation / via Getty Images / Clarence Sinclair Bull media_content.tooltip.skipped Hedy Lamarr, Hollywood Goddess and Lady Bluetooth Legendary actress Hedy Lamarr was known in Hollywood as „the most beautiful woman in the world.” Her career in film started in Vienna, her birthplace. There you can wander in the footsteps of Hedwig Kiesler, as she was known in her youth. Read more Belvedere Wien / Johannes Stoll media_content.tooltip.skipped Gustav Klimt loved art, women and Lake Attersee Gustav Klimt found peace and inspiration at Lake Attersee in the Salzkammergut region. Many of his floral landscape paintings were created there. Read more Our Hotel Recommendations Vienna Wien Tourismus / Peter Rigaud media_content.tooltip.skipped Find a City Hotel View of the Leoganger Steinberge mountains Austrian National Tourist Office / Martin Steinthaler media_content.tooltip.skipped Find an Alpine Stay Holidays in Austria Share feedback for a chance to win a special holiday experience We value your feedback! Take part in our brief survey to be in with the chance of winning one of five very special holiday experiences in Austria. Click here to take part. It goes without saying that your data is processed with complete anonymity. Read the terms and conditions here. Take part Insiders' Tips View to Schönbrunn Palace and the Gloriette Austrian National Tourist Office / Julius Silver media_content.tooltip.skipped Austria’s Top Sights From Vienna’s Schönbrunn Palace to Mozart’s birthplace in Salzburg, these are the top 10 attractions you should visit in Austria. Your Austria bucket list hiking around the Green Lake in Styria, mountain lake "Grüner See" Steiermark Tourismus / Tom Lamm media_content.tooltip.skipped Austria’s Prettiest Places, According to Austrians Find out about the magical places chosen by Austrians as the country’s most beautiful spots. Where are the top spots? The traditional Wiener Schnitzel Austrian National Tourist Office / Wolfgang Schardt media_content.tooltip.skipped Top 5 Austrian Dishes You Need to Try Austrian classics from Wiener Schnitzel to Marillenknödel - don't miss these must-eats on your stay in Austria. Find Your Favourite garden of Mirabell palace Tourismus Salzburg GmbH / Günter Breitegger media_content.tooltip.skipped Austria's Quirkiest City Tours Sightseeing does not have to be all about following the guidebook in Austria's cities. Those looking for something a little bit different are sure to find out on one of these less conventional tours... Cities from a different perspective Practical Travel Information The Parliament of Vienna at sunrise Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped About Austria Find out facts and figures about Austria and meet its people and their customs. Read more Vienna Airport - Exterior view Vienna Airport media_content.tooltip.skipped Brexit and Travelling to Austria One thing’s for certain: You can still travel to Austria after Brexit – and we look forward to welcoming you. However, there are a few things travellers might want to consider to be on the safe side. Learn more View from the Grossglockner High Alpine Road Austrian National Tourist Office / Filmspektakel.at media_content.tooltip.skipped How to Get to and Around Austria Find information about travelling to Austria by plane, car, train, and coach. How to get to and around Austria What Are You Interested In? Mountain lake in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Lakes and Nature in Austria Hiking in the Zillertal in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Walking and Hiking in Austria Cycling along the Danube Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Cycling and Biking in Austria Hiking in the Grossglockner region - family with marmot Grossglockner Bergbahnen Touristik GmbH / Peter Maier media_content.tooltip.skipped Family Fun in Austria Ruin Aggstein Austrian National Tourist Office / Popp-Hackner media_content.tooltip.skipped Round Trips in Austria The City of Linz in Upper Austria Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Cities and Culture in Austria Fairkocht in der Schtubacht Küche Fairkocht GmbH / Angela Lamprecht media_content.tooltip.skipped Culinary discovery trip through Austria Summit station Flachau Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped Skiing and Winter in Austria Austrian Cultural Stories Austrian Culture, Artists & Masterpieces Let us dive into Austria’s arts and culture sphere and discover fascinating stories of the masters and personae that led the way. Learn more... Belvedere Palace Austrian National Tourist Office / Christian Kremser Belvedere media_content.tooltip.skipped Famous Austrians From Mozart and Sisi to Hedy Lamarr – Austria's sons and daughters have left their mark across music, art, science, politics, and sport. Find out which famous personalities originate from or lived in Austria and follow in their footsteps. Read more Mozart family picture Internationale Stiftung Mozarteum media_content.tooltip.skipped Practical Travel Information The Parliament of Vienna at sunrise Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller media_content.tooltip.skipped About Austria Find out facts and figures about Austria and meet its people and their customs. Read more View from the Grossglockner High Alpine Road Austrian National Tourist Office / Filmspektakel.at media_content.tooltip.skipped How to Get to and Around Austria Find information about travelling to Austria by plane, car, train, and coach. How to get to and around Austria Vienna Airport - Exterior view Vienna Airport media_content.tooltip.skipped Passport & Visa for Austria Learn what documents you need and how to apply for a Visa to Austria. Visa for Austria Guided walking tour through Vienna Vienna PASS / Bernhard Luck Vienna media_content.tooltip.skipped Sponsored Vienna PASS: Your personal Key to the City Enjoy free entry to more than 70 museums, unlimited use of Vienna's yellow hop-on hop-off buses and priority access to popular sights with your Vienna PASS. Learn more City of Salzburg Tourismus Salzburg GmbH media_content.tooltip.skipped Travel Experiences Designed by Experts Hand-selected travel programs designed by travel experts that will guide you to your perfect Austrian vacation. Read more Austrian – the Charming Way to Fly Enjoy Austrian hospitality and multi-awarded service already on board, with Austrian Airlines from 130 cities around the world direct to Vienna and other Austrian cities. Book your flight Online Check in bei der Austrian Airlines Austrian Airlines media_content.tooltip.skipped Explore Austria By Train Travelling through Austria by train is reliable, comfortable, and convenient. Relax, sit back, and enjoy your vacation, the Austrian Railways takes you to Austria’s most beautiful places. Read more National Rail in Panoramic Landscape Bombardier media_content.tooltip.skipped Wiener Schnitzel, Plachutta Restaurant Oew Tokyo media_content.tooltip.skipped Favourite Austrian Recipes Craving a taste of Austria? Why not don your apron and recreate your favourite regional specialities at home? Here is a list of some of Austria's most delicious all-time classics. Taste the Yummm! show more close Jobs Imprint / Terms & Conditions Data Protection Newsletter Contact Us Image copyrights Lets stay connected Sign up for our free Austria e-newsletter and receive great insider tips, itineraries and much more for your next holiday in Austria. Subscribe now Image copyrights The main purpose of the two main domains www.austria.info and www.austriatourism.com is the promotion of Austria as a holiday destination. Launchkampagne Lebensgefühl Österreich - Sujet für Austria Info unter Wasser Mobil Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic View Gloriette, Schönbrunn Palace Schloss Schönbrunn Kultur- und Betriebsges.m.b.H. / Severin Wurnig Vienna Giant Ferris Whee WienTourismus / Paul Bauer City of Salzburg Tourismus Salzburg GmbH Goldenes Dachl in Innsbruck TVB Innsbruck / Markus Mair Schlossberg in Graz Graz Tourism / Harry Schiffer Breakfast Das Central - Alpine. Luxury. Life. / Rudi Wyhlidal Lebensgefühl Austria - hiking with the family Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - hiking in the great outdoors Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - sujet Underwater Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - mountain biking Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - children at play Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - Sujet Party Night Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - experience culture in a breathtaking setting Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - a snack in the open air at a wine tavern Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Launch campaign Lebensgefühl Österreich - sujet Mountain Experience Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Painted easter eggs TVB Bad Kreuzen Hiking in the Zillertal in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Cycling along the Danube Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Mountain lake in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Trailrunning in the Zillertal Jurgen Groenwals Zillertal Tourismus GmbH City holidays in Vienna, Kunsthistorisches Museum Wien (Art History Museum) Austrian National Tourist Office / Marco Rossi Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna Sunset in Pertisau on Lake Achensee Achensee Tourismus Lebensgefühl Austria - cycling with pleasure Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic Lebensgefühl Austria - on the shores of a lake Austrian National Tourist Office / Marko Mestrovic An atmosphere of the forest in Ebenthal Austrian National Tourist Office / Michael Stabentheiner Panorama Spa at Hotel Alpenrose Wellnessresidenz Alpenrose Fairkocht in der Schtubacht Küche Fairkocht GmbH / Angela Lamprecht Breakfast served on a boat (Plätte) at Lake Grundlsee Steiermark Tourismus / Tom Lamm organic farm Josef Göltl Netzwerk Kulinarik / Robert Herbst (pov.at) Belvedere Palace Austrian National Tourist Office / Christian Kremser Belvedere Hedy Lamarr, Girl On The Moon John Kobal Foundation / via Getty Images / Clarence Sinclair Bull Belvedere Wien / Johannes Stoll Vienna Wien Tourismus / Peter Rigaud View of the Leoganger Steinberge mountains Austrian National Tourist Office / Martin Steinthaler View to Schönbrunn Palace and the Gloriette Austrian National Tourist Office / Julius Silver hiking around the Green Lake in Styria, mountain lake "Grüner See" Steiermark Tourismus / Tom Lamm The traditional Wiener Schnitzel Austrian National Tourist Office / Wolfgang Schardt garden of Mirabell palace Tourismus Salzburg GmbH / Günter Breitegger The Parliament of Vienna at sunrise Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Vienna Airport - Exterior view Vienna Airport View from the Grossglockner High Alpine Road Austrian National Tourist Office / Filmspektakel.at Mountain lake in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Hiking in the Zillertal in Tirol Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Cycling along the Danube Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Hiking in the Grossglockner region - family with marmot Grossglockner Bergbahnen Touristik GmbH / Peter Maier Ruin Aggstein Austrian National Tourist Office / Popp-Hackner The City of Linz in Upper Austria Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Fairkocht in der Schtubacht Küche Fairkocht GmbH / Angela Lamprecht Summit station Flachau Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller Belvedere Palace Austrian National Tourist Office / Christian Kremser Belvedere Mozart family picture Internationale Stiftung Mozarteum The Parliament of Vienna at sunrise Austrian National Tourist Office / Peter Burgstaller View from the Grossglockner High Alpine Road Austrian National Tourist Office / Filmspektakel.at Vienna Airport - Exterior view Vienna Airport Guided walking tour through Vienna Vienna PASS / Bernhard Luck Vienna City of Salzburg Tourismus Salzburg GmbH Online Check in bei der Austrian Airlines Austrian Airlines National Rail in Panoramic Landscape Bombardier Wiener Schnitzel, Plachutta Restaurant Oew Tokyo Back to the top media_content.tooltip.skipped