Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies | FSI Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Stanford University Menu Close Search Research Education Policy People Centers News Events About The Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies Stanford’s hub for nonpartisan, interdisciplinary research, teaching, and policy impact in international affairs. Featured Stories Remembering Alexei Navalny, Russia's Unwavering Opposition Leader Scholars from the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies share their memories and perspectives of Navalny, who died while incarcerated in a Russian penal colony. Navalny Confronting the Climate Crisis: Kumi Naidoo's Call to Action Naidoo highlighted how creative storytelling blended with scientific evidence can inspire profound human change and move societies toward longer-term solutions for climate change, economic deprivation, social injustice, and war. Climate Sean Penn Talks Ukraine’s Fight for Freedom The Academy Award-winning actor and filmmaker visited Stanford to screen and discuss his documentary, Superpower, about Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his country’s war with Russia. Superpower Israel and Hamas at War FSI scholars offer expert analysis and commentary on the fight between Israel and Hamas. Resource Page Videos & Event Recordings Recent Videos A Fireside Chat with Slovak President Zuzana Čaputová How Did We Get Here? A Conversation with Ghaith al-Omari and Dennis Ross on the Middle East Crisis Celebrating the 40th Anniversary of the Ford Dorsey Master's in International Policy Alumni Spotlight Shiro Wachira, MA '23: Harnessing Farming’s Human Capital MIP alumna Shiro Wachira is empowering Africa’s rural communities to see farming not as a method of survival but as a dynamic entrepreneurial activity. Shiro Wachira Three MIP Alumni Named to the 2023 Forbes ‘30 Under 30’ List Alex Laplaza ('20), Abuzar Royesh ('20), and Amélie-Sophie Vavrovsky ('22), alumni of the Ford Dorsey Master's in International Policy have been recognized for their impacts on global social issues and venture capital. 30 UNDER 30 CDDRL Honors Graduate Lina Hidalgo Named to Time100 Next List Hidalgo has become a prominent voice in Texas politics, and gained recognition for her leadership during the COVID-19 crisis and the 2020 elections. Alex Stamos of the Internet Observatory was also named to the list. Time100 Next From CISAC Classrooms to the Halls of Congress Geo Saba, legislative director for Congressman Ro Khanna, credits his time as a CISAC Honors student for enabling him to make a policy impact with his career. Halls of Congress Research FSI is a hub for Stanford scholars who want to work across disciplines on research that has international impact. Our topics include governance, security, global health, energy and international development. Research cover link Research Teaching Our faculty teach more than 65 classes a year, and mentor students through guided research. FSI is also home to the Ford Dorsey Master's in International Policy, a two-year master's degree. Teaching cover link Teaching Policy Our work provides context for decision-making in Washington, Geneva, Beijing and beyond. FSI's International Policy Lab helps ensure that our faculty's research has real-world impact. Policy cover link Policy Current Opportunities APARC Fellowships and Training Fellowship and training opportunities for students, young scholars, faculty, and professionals of exceptional promise and demonstrated accomplishment working on contemporary Asia and Asia-related policy challenges. APARC Fellowships CDDRL Student Opportunities The Center on Democracy, Development and the Rule of Law (CDDRL) is hiring for multiple positions in communications, research and programming. See the full listings at the link below. CDDRL Opportunities Join our mailing list Learn about FSI scholars in the news, the latest research from our scholars, and more. Sign Up Now Featured Scholars FSI is home to approximately 150 researchers, including 49 appointed faculty. Our scholars include world-renowned political theorists, physicians, former ambassadors, nuclear physicists and economists. Image Peter Blair Henry FSI Senior Fellow cover link https://cddrl.fsi.stanford.edu/people/peter_b_henry Peter Blair Henry FSI Senior Fellow Recent Pubilcation The Long War on Inflation Close Image Larry Diamond Mosbacher Senior Fellow in Global Democracy cover link http://cddrl.fsi.stanford.edu/people/larry_diamond Larry Diamond Mosbacher Senior Fellow in Global Democracy Recent Publication Ill Winds: Saving Democracy from Russian Rage, Chinese Ambition, and American Complacency Close Image Beatriz Magaloni FSI Senior Fellow cover link http://cddrl.fsi.stanford.edu/people/beatriz_magaloni Beatriz Magaloni FSI Senior Fellow Director, Poverty, Violence and and Governance Laboratory Recent Publication Killing in the Slums: Social Order, Criminal Governance and Police Violence in Rio de Janeiro Close Image Kathryn Stoner FSI Senior Fellow cover link /people/kathryn_stoner Kathryn Stoner FSI Senior Fellow Mosbacher Director, CDDRL Recent Publication Russia Resurrected: Its Power and Purpose in A New Global Order Close All FSI Faculty Our Address Encina Hall 616 Jane Stanford Way Stanford University Stanford, CA 94305-6055 Navigate Research Education Policy People Centers News Events About Follow Us General inquiries 650-723-4581 Mail Twitter Facebook Youtube Instagram LinkedIn Support Us Learn more about how your support makes a difference or make a gift now Make a gift Top Footer Stanford Menu Stanford Home Maps & Directions Search Stanford Emergency Info Footer Terms Menu Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Trademarks Non-Discrimination Accessibility Copyright Complaints © Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305.