Cake: Create a Free End of Life Plan You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. We use cookies to improve your experience. By accepting, you agree to our Cookie Policy. Learn about opting out.. Accept Skip to content Menu icon Menu Search blog Need help? (Opens a help chat window) Search blog Search blog Browse our knowledge library End-of-life planning Toggle End of Life menu Search for a specific topic Contact us for additional help. TOPICS Finance Wills & estate planning Life insurance Power of attorney Health Advance directives & living wills Hospice & palliative care Organ donation Alzheimer's & dementia Serious & terminal illness Eldercare Death & dying Legacy Legacy projects Digital afterlife Genealogy & family history Funeral Funerals & memorial services Celebrations of life Cremation Burial Eco-friendly funerals Cemeteries & graveyards Headstones & gravestones Funeral home directory Relationships How to get loved one to plan How to share your wishes End-of-life planning We'll help you get your affairs in order and make sure nothing is left out. Now you can focus on leaving a legacy instead of a mess. Loss & grief Toggle Loss and Grief menu Search for a specific topic Contact us for additional help. TOPICS Types of loss Mother Father Spouse or partner Child Miscarriage & stillbirth Grandparent Sibling Friend Pet Grief support Support groups & counseling Quotes, prayers & more Coping with grief Grief & relationships Sympathy & condolences Funeral flowers Sympathy gifts Condolences & what to say Funeral etiquette Estate management Wills & probate Closing & managing accounts Death certificates Home & belongings Funeral planning Funerals & memorial services Celebrations of life Eulogies Obituaries Death announcements Headstones & gravestones Funeral home directory Remembrance Memorials Memorial donations Keepsakes Death anniversary Loss & grief Loss is hard. Our expert guidance can make your life a little easier during this time. Find out what to do and discover resources to help you cope. Explore mortality Toggle Explore Mortality menu Search for a specific topic Contact us for additional help. TOPICS Explore mortality Books Movies Quotes Songs Poems How to talk about death Symbols of death Find meaning Bucket list Gratitude Relationships Death in religion & culture Buddhist Christian Hindu Jewish Muslim Chinese Greek Irish Italian Native American Explore mortality We believe reflecting on our mortality can help us lead more meaningful lives. Find a service About About Cake Contact Us Search for a specific topic Explore our tools Online memorials Free memorial pages Post loss checklist Your guide after loss Will maker Create your legal will in minutes End-of-life wishes Create your end-of-life plan Forum Advice from the community Advance directive forms Find your state's form Log in Get help now Search (click to open search form below) Search our website Search Cake is the world's largest funeral and end-of-life planning site. Get personalized help today After a loss, get support from those who have been there. You don't have to take these next steps alone. Our team of after loss experts handle the admin so you can focus on what matters most. Trusted by Millions Every Month Featured in ARTICLES 5,000+ You don't have to do it all. Let us take the work off your shoulders. We meet you where you are in your loss journey, offloading the admin, decision making, and more. As industry experts, we provide unbiased clarity and guidance. Together, we ease the burden. Learn more We help with... Finding trusted funeral providers Understanding memorial pricing Closing accounts and services Making final arrangements Creating a lasting, memorable legacy Get support We've done the research, so you don't have to. Grief & Loss Final Arrangements Sympathy Gifts Eco Alternatives Search Guide to Choosing a Local Funeral Home How do you choose a trusted funeral home in your area? Eco-Friendly Funeral Options Discover eco-friendly funeral ideas at every price range. Trees and composting are only the beginning. What's a Celebration of Life? Learn the basics of different celebration of life ceremonies to create something truly spectacular. Free End-of-Life Planning Checklist Learn exactly what documents you need to prepare yourself for the future. How to Write an Obituary: Step-by-Step Step-by-step, expert-written guide to creating a great obituary in honor of your loved one. 50+ Poems to Read at a Funeral Words have power. These poems are a reminder that your loved one's light shines on. What others are saying My friend passed away quite suddenly from a cycling accident and it has been so nice for us to have one less thing to worry about. Thank you for helping us remember her. Jean After the loss of a loved one, the griever doesn't know what they even need to do next. Taking that mental pressure from the bereaved makes all the difference. April All the thanks to your team, Cake, for giving the funeral and grief industry a much-needed 21st century reboot! Hopefully others will follow your lead. You're doing amazing work. Ellen © 2024 Cake, All Rights Reserved. CONNECT Facebook. This link will open in a new window. Instagram. This link will open in a new window. Twitter. This link will open in a new window. LinkedIn. This link will open in a new window. Pinterest. This link will open in a new window. Join for free ABOUT Our company FAQ Membership Press Careers Partner with us Contact TOOLS Memorial pages Will maker End-of-life wishes Post loss checklist RESOURCES Blog & Knowledge Base Forum Advance directive forms by state COVID-19 Advance Directive forms Trusted decision maker form Funeral home directory OTHER Terms of use Privacy policy Editorial process Affiliate disclosure Code of conduct Account help Cake offers its users do-it-yourself online forms to complete their own wills and generalized educational content about wills. We are not attorneys and are not providing you with legal advice. Many users would be better served consulting an attorney than using a do-it-yourself online form. The fees for the advice of an attorney should not be compared to the fees of do-it-yourself online forms. We cannot give you customized advice on your situation or needs, which would require the service of an actual attorney. Any information you provide to Cake, and all communications between you and Cake, are not protected by an attorney-client privilege and are instead governed by our Privacy Policy. Usage of any form or other service on our website is subject to our Terms of Use.