Home | Ozone Secretariat Skip to main content Menu second EDUCATION PORTAL Reset Earth 7-12 Apollo’s Edition 13-18 Reset Earth game Earth Simulator game COP28 MASS COMMMUNICATIONS VIRTUAL EXHIBITION OZONE DAY RESOURCES Main navigation Ozone and You Overview Ozone Timeline 20 Questions and Answers Facts and Figures What You Can Do Ozone and SDGs News Treaties Montreal Protocol Vienna Convention Institutions Status of Ratification Country Data Online Reporting System Country Profiles Data Centre Data Reporting Tools Mixtures/Blends Tool Status of contributions Additional Reported Information Ozone Section on WESR Avoided CO2e Meetings Meetings Greening our Meetings Environmental Management System Science TEAP SAP EEAP Joint Panel Reports Panel Meetings Education Portal Reset Earth 7-12 Apollo’s Edition 13-18 Reset Earth game Earth Simulator game MASS COMMMUNICATIONS Virtual Exhibition Ozone Day Resources Home Latest Kigali Amendment ratifications at 156 International Day of Women and Girls in Science 11 February 2024 Latest Kigali Amendment ratifications at 156 International Day of Women and Girls in Science 11 February 2024 New to ozone? Or perhaps you're familiar and just want to learn more The Ozone and You section is the place to start. I am a party Meeting Assessment Panels Data Reporting Tools The impact of HFCs on the environment (hydrofluorocarbons) Briefing note Ratification of the Kigali Amendment FAQ Kigali Amendment Treaties EN | ES | FR The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer is a global agreement to protect the Earth’s ozone layer by phasing out the chemicals that deplete it. This phase-out plan includes both the production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances. The landmark agreement was signed in 1987 and entered into force in 1989. EN | ES | FR The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer is a global agreement to protect the Earth’s ozone layer by phasing out the chemicals that deplete it. This phase-out plan includes both the production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances. The landmark agreement was signed in 1987 and entered into force in 1989. EN | ES | FR The Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer When did we realize ozone depletion was an issue, and how did we fix it? By 1985, the globe had already seen advancements in the scientific understanding of ozone depletion and its impacts on human health and the environment. It was then that the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer was created in response. EN | ES | FR The Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer When did we realize ozone depletion was an issue, and how did we fix it? By 1985, the globe had already seen advancements in the scientific understanding of ozone depletion and its impacts on human health and the environment. It was then that the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer was created in response. Ozone treaties and SDGs WESR website Resources Information on energy efficiency Gender Tools Learn About Us Contact Us Useful links Multilateral Fund OzonAction UNIDO World Bank UNEP NASA Ozonewatch NOAA WMO Follow Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Copyright © 2020 UN Environment Programme