Home - Polaris About Us Toggle Dropdown Our Impact Our Approach Leadership Newsroom Human Trafficking Toggle Dropdown Understanding Human Trafficking Myths, Facts, and Statistics Our Work Toggle Dropdown Direct Response Research and Intelligence Campaigns and Public Engagement How to Help Toggle Dropdown Donate Take Action Fundraise Partnerships Other Ways to Give Recognizing Human Trafficking Donate Need help? Polaris operates the National Human Trafficking Hotline. Call 1 (888) 373-7888 *Text "BeFree" 233733 Chat With a Live Person Expand search form Home CREATE A PATHWAY FOR SURVIVORS FEDERAL CRIMINAL RECORDS RELIEF Survivors should not have to carry the burden of criminal records stemming from their exploitation. Support the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act. TAKE ACTION NOW 28 Million people ARE TRAFFICKED WORLDWIDE. We cannot end this one person, one survivor at a time. But with your help, we can target the systems that make human trafficking possible. DONATE NOW Myth Human trafficking is always or usually a violent crime. Learn More Reality The most pervasive myth about human trafficking is that it often involves kidnapping or physically forcing someone into a situation. In reality, most traffickers use psychological means such as, tricking, defrauding, manipulating or threatening victims into providing commercial sex or exploitative labor. Myth All human trafficking involves commercial sex. Learn More Reality Human trafficking is the use of force, fraud or coercion to get another person to provide labor or commercial sex. Worldwide, experts believe there are more situations of labor trafficking than of sex trafficking, but there is much wider awareness of sex trafficking in the U.S. than of labor trafficking. Myth Traffickers target victims they don’t know. Learn More Reality Many survivors have been trafficked by romantic partners, including spouses, and by family members, including parents. Who We Are Founded in 2002, Polaris is named for the North Star, which people held in slavery in the United States used as a guide to navigate their way to freedom. Today we are filling in the roadmap for that journey and lighting the path ahead. Serving victims and survivors through the National Human Trafficking Hotline. Building a dataset that illuminates how human trafficking really works, in real time. Turning knowledge into targeted systems-level strategies to disrupt and prevent human trafficking. View our impact National Survivor Study The National Survivor Study is a scientifically rigorous research project developed in full partnership with survivors of human trafficking to gain insights that we can use to push for real and impactful change. Learn More Increase Funding for Worker Protection Agencies Chronic underfunding of the federal agency charged with protecting workers means labor traffickers are able to operate with impunity because they are pretty sure no one is watching. That has to change. The U.S. Department of Labor must have the resources to hire, train and deploy inspectors who visit job sites and make sure workers are being treated fairly. STRENGTHEN WORKER PROTECTIONS Human Trafficking Training Compassionate, committed individuals that care are the most powerful resource there is to prevent and reduce human trafficking. However, to leverage this power, we must ensure we are armed with the knowledge necessary to do the work. Learn More Prioritizing Survivor Voices at the Federal Level: Criminal Records Relief Learn More Restoring Power to Our Guest Workers Learn More Prioritizing Survivor-Centered State Policies: Spotlight on Child Sex Trafficking Learn More Prioritizing Survivor-Centered State Policies: Improving Criminal Record Relief Learn More Prioritizing Survivor-Centered State Policies: The Fight for Fair Labor Learn More Responding to Sound of Freedom: Hollywood Needs to Center Survivors and Their Voices Learn More Still Looking: Survivors Need Long-Term Solutions Learn More The Impact of Victim-Blaming on Human Trafficking Survivors Learn More Sign up to learn more about how you can help One moment please... Thank you for subscribing! Email Follow us Contact Careers Privacy Policy 2024 | Polaris is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization - please donate now. * Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. Reply HELP for help or STOP to cancel at any time. Click here for Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy Need help? Polaris operates the U.S. National Human Trafficking Hotline. Call 1 (888) 373-7888 *Text "BeFree" 233733 Live Chat Quick Exit FREEDOM IN YOUR INBOX Make a difference in the lives of human trafficking victims and survivors. Join the fight today. One moment please... Thank you for subscribing! Email ✕ This site uses cookies to improve the user experience. To learn more, please see our privacy policy. × Search × Search terms Search