Home Page - ITRC Skip to content closeNEW BREACH ALERTS:Patrick D. Aiello, M.D., LLC dba Aiello Eye Institute Laser Eye Center of Lubbock, LLC (third-party Medical Management Resource Group, LLC dba American Vision Partners) 03.05.24Cattaraugus Community Action Inc. (third-party Barclay Damon LLP) 03.05.24Retinal Consultants of Arizona (third-party Medical Management Resource Group, LLC dba American Vision Partners) 03.05.24Lena Pope Home Inc. 03.05.24Southwest Eye Institute (third-party Medical Management Resource Group, LLC dba American Vision Partners) 03.05.24McNeill Baur PLLC 03.05.24Southwestern Eye Center, Ltd. (third-party Medical Management Resource Group, LLC dba American Vision Partners) 03.05.24Nucar Toyota of Norwood 03.05.24 Call Now 888.400.5530 Consumer Aftermath Report Get Notified The ITRC’s Convenient, Comprehensive Source for Data Breach Information Learn More About Us Contact Us Publications Help Center Events Notified Prevent Identity Theft Recover My Identity Protect My Business Call Now 888.400.5530 Consumer Aftermath Report Get Notified The ITRC’s Convenient, Comprehensive Source for Data Breach Information Learn More Search Search Close this search box. Your Life, Your Identity. Let's Keep it That Way The ITRC is a non-profit organization established to minimize risk and mitigate the impact of identity compromise. Prevent Identity Theft Get Started Your identity can be abused in many different ways, and the damage can be lasting and significant. However, there are simple steps you can take to protect your identity from theft and misuse. Recover My Identity Get Started Were you the victim of an identity crime? The ITRC can provide you with direct assistance, a custom remediation plan, and more resources. Protect My Business Get Started See how your business can leverage ITRC resources and help transform lives. You've Seen Us On KMOX-AM St. Louis: Facial verification could be the next defense against identity theft KMOX Reporter Megan Lynch and ITRC COO James E. Lee sat down to discuss the ITRC’s Biometric Working Group discussion paper and the future of facial verification. Listen Here NBC News: FBI Warns About Deepfake Porn Scams The ITRC’s Eva Velasquez speaks with NBC News about a rise in FBI complaints of criminals using deepfake tools to create fake inappropriate videos. They use images found on the victim’s social media accounts. Read Here CBS News: Nearly 3 in 4 small businesses have suffered a cyber incident ITRC COO James E. Lee talks with CBS News Correspondent Shanelle Kaul about the ITRC’s 2023 Business Impact Report, and why 73 percent of SMBs suffered a cyber incident. Watch Here Finopotamus: ITRC Report Focuses on Identity Theft in Black Communities Finopotamus highlights the findings in the ITRC’s Identity in Practice Report, a report that examines identity crime victimization across Black communities in the United States. Read Here National Geographic: Practical Tips for Protecting Your Data While Traveling ITRC COO James E. Lee shares tips with Jackie Snow of National Geographic on staying cyber-safe while traveling. It starts with packing spare chargers and using wall outlets to charge. Read Here NBC 7 San Diego: Identity theft can harm your mental health as well as your credit ITRC President and CEO Eva Velasquez speaks with Sergio Flores of NBC 7 San Diego about the ITRC’s 2023 Consumer Impact Report, and why 16 percent of respondents have contemplated suicide. Watch Here ISMG Group: Facebook, Instagram Blasted for 'Lame' Security Practices Director of ISMG Productions Anna Delaney talks to James E. Lee, COO of the ITRC, about social media scams. In 2022, the ITRC saw a 288 percent increase in social media takeover inquiries. Watch Here Facebook-f Linkedin-in Youtube Instagram Our Mission Contact Us Privacy Policy Live Chat Privacy Policy Accessibility Media Resources FAQ Our Mission Contact Us Privacy Policy Live Chat Privacy Policy Accessibility Media Resources FAQ © Copyright 2024- Identity Theft Resource Center This product was produced by the ITRC under 2018-V3-GX-K007, awarded by the Office for Victims of Crime, Office of Justice Programs, U.S. Department of Justice. The opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in product are those of the contributors and do not necessarily represent the official position or policies of the U.S. Department of Justice. View more about our copyright info here.