Defense Industry Daily Subscribe Categories Aircraft Corporation DID Site Electronics & IT Geographical Focus Industry Land Equipment Innovation Land Equipment Logistics Support Military Overall Naval Equipment News Ordnance Guns Politics Projects Space Top Stories WMD Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Support Log In Search Categories Serious Dollars for AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD)Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems won a $34,142,015 cost-plus-fixed-fee and cost-plus-incentive-fee type modification to exercise options for AEGIS development and test sites operation and maintenance at the Combat Systems Engineering Development Site, SPY-1A Test Facility and Naval Systems Computing Center. This contract involves Foreign Military Sales to several countries. Work will be performed in Moorestown, New Jersey, and is expected to be completed by January 2025. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, DC, is the contracting activity.Read MoreTrident II D5 Missile: Keeping Up with Changing TimesLockheed Martin Space won a $109.3 million contract to support the integration of the Trident II (D5) Missile and reentry subsystems into the Common Missile Compartment for the US/UK Columbia/Dreadnought submarine construction programs. Work is expected to be complete by February 28, 2029. Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, DC, is the contracting activity.Read More Latest From Daily Rapid Fire Lockheed Tapped For Trident Integration Into Columbia/Dreadnought | Russia Expands Military Base In Mali | India To Commission SeahawkAmericas Lockheed Martin Space won a $109.3 million contract to support the integration of the Trident II (D5) Missile and reentry subsystems into the Common Missile Compartment for the US/UK Columbia/Dreadnought submarine construction programs. Work is expected to be complete by February 28, 2029. Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, DC, is the contracting activity. Lockheed Martin Corp won a $663 million modification, which adds scope to provide recurring logistics support, including ground maintenance activities, action request resolution, depot activation activities, automatic logistics information system operations and maintenance, reliability and maintainability, supply chain management, pilot and maintainer training, and training system sustainment in support of F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter Air Systems sustainment efforts for the Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customers, and non-US Department of Defense (DOD) participants. Work is expected to be completed in June 2027. Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Middle East & Africa Russia is expanding its military base in Mali, according to new satellite imagery that shows construction work at a former site of the Wagner Group, a private military contractor linked to the Kremlin. The imagery, captured by Maxar on February 26, reveals new buildings, roads, and excavations at the site of Wagner’s former base at Modibo Keita International Airport, Mali’s main airport located approximately 15km from the capital Bamako. Europe The French Navy has received the final H160 Guépard rotorcraft under a six-unit contract signed in 2020. The handover at the Lanvéoc-Poulmic naval air base concluded the initial tranche of aircraft to replace Paris’ aging Panthers, Dauphins, Alouettes, Pumas, and Fennecs. With the French Navy, the H160’s primary role will be maritime rescue and alert missions. Additional helicopters are planned as aero-maritime combat assets aboard the navy’s sea-base platforms. According to Defense Post, Sweden has begun fire tests of the armed forces’ new self-defense weapons (SSV 24) in Karlsborg. The trials follow a framework agreement signed with Finnish firearms developer Sako in 2023 to replace Stockholm’s automatic carbines. This $84.6-million contract stipulated the delivery of 5.56×45 caliber assault rifles, 7.62×51 caliber sniper rifles, and .338 Lapua Magnums. Asia-Pacific The Indian Navy will commission the first MH 60R Seahawk helicopter squadron on Wednesday to boost its anti-submarine capabilities. The squadron consists of six armed aircraft featuring AGM-114 Hellfire missiles, MK 54 torpedoes, and Advanced Precision Kill Weapons System rockets. India bought 24 MH 60R multi-role helicopters from the US in 2020 for $2.2 billion. Today’s Video Categories Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with our Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Success! First Name Last Name Email Subscribe P-8 Poseidon MMA: Long-Range Maritime Patrol, and MoreBoeing won a $3.4 million deal for the procurement and delivery of 17 Lot 13 P-8A Multi-Mission Maritime Aircraft (14 for the government of Canada and three for the government of Germany), as well as associated non-recurring engineering. Work will be completed in March 2028. Foreign Military Sales customer funds in the amount of $1,190,593,943 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year. Naval Air Systems Command Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.Read MoreLCS: The USA's Littoral Combat ShipsHuntington-Ingalls won an $80 million cost-plus-award-fee modification to exercise options for the accomplishment of the planning yard services for the Littoral Combat Ship in-service ships. Work is expected to be completed by April 2025. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, DC, is the contracting activity.Read MoreAging Aircraft: USAF F-15 Fleet Sees Renewed InterestBoeing won a $21.3 million firm-fixed-price contract modification for the F-15 Eagle Passive/Active Warning Survivability System. Work will be performed at Nashua, New Hampshire, and is expected to be completed by November 30, 2025. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity.Read MoreAMRAAM: Deploying & Developing America's Medium-Range Air-Air MissileRaytheon Technologies Corporation (RTX) announced a successful first flight test of the new Extended Range Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM-ER) variant, marking a significant milestone in its air defense missile development program. This innovative variant represents a first-of-its-kind configuration, incorporating several advanced technologies. The AMRAAM-ER goes beyond simply building upon the existing AMRAAM’s capabilities. It represents a first-of-its-kind configuration incorporating the guidance section of the AIM-120 C-8, potentially offering enhanced targeting and precision. Additionally, the variant boasts a more robust 10-inch rocket motor from Nammo, enabling increased range and performance. Furthermore, the AMRAAM-ER integrates a 10-inch Control Actuator System (CAS) from Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace, branded as the Norwegian Propulsion Stack. This was done in collaboration with the Norwegian Ministry of Defence (MoD) as a partner.Read MoreF-35 Lightning: The Joint Strike Fighter ProgramLockheed Martin won an $11.3 million order which provides for the completion of all fabrication, hardware and software integration, documentation, and verification testing for final operational capability of the Mission Systems Test Capability systems in support of enabling multi-ship F-35 testing with a single F-35 in a ground-test environment. Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas, and is expected to be completed in February 2026. Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.Read MoreV-22 Osprey: The Multi-Year Buys, 2008-2021Triumph Gear won a $18.5 million deal for the repair of one item that is part of the V-22 pylon conversion actuator system. All work will be performed in Park City, Utah. Work is expected to be completed by April 2025. Naval Supply Systems Command Weapon Systems Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the contracting activity.Read More GD Tapped For Virginia Sub Work | Germany Moves Eurofighters To Latvia | Slovenia Gets New Air Combat Training Module Americas General Dynamics won a $151 million modification for long lead time material associated... Read More Canada And Czech Republic Explore Artillery Shells For Ukraine | Hungary Expands Gripen Fleet | South Korea Mass Produces 155mm Artillery Shell Americas Bell Boeing won a $11.5 million modification, which adds scope to procure three shipsets... Read More Merlin Labs To Test Auto Tech On KC-135 | Turkey Gets Upgraded M60T Tanks | Indonesia Downsized Black Hawk Programme Americas The US Air Force has tapped Merlin Labs to test autonomous flight technology for the... Read More Raytheon Tapped For AEGIS Modernization | Elbit Unveiled New Aircraft | Expansion OF RAN’s Surface Combatant Fleet Americas Raytheon won a $38.2 million order for the procurement of AEGIS modernization kits for... Read More Ecuador Won’t Send Weapons To Ukraine | Ghanan Air Force Makes Case For Super Tucano | Italian Leonardos Will Get Their Own Components Americas Ecuador’s foreign minister said the country did not plan to send Soviet-era weapons to... Read More US Air Force EA-37Bs to Receive Upgraded EW Systems | British Soldiers Fired Archer | Embraer And Mahindra Offer C-390 Millennium To India Americas Lockheed Martin won a $8.1 million modification by the US Navy to exercise options for... Read More SpaceX Launches Six Hypersonic, Ballistic Tracking Space Sensors | AMRAAMs and SDB-IIs Sales Approved For Italy | Norinco Revealed New Howitzer Americas SpaceX launched six US missile-detection satellites to low-Earth orbit on Wednesday. They... Read More US Marines Test Unmanned Boat Prototype | MBDA Germany Exports The Enforcer | Japan Receives US Training On Tomahawk Americas The US Marine Corps is set to test an unmanned boat prototype designed to covertly supply... Read More BAE Equips Stingray With VMSC | Israel Started Series Of Airstrikes On Lebanon | Sweden Seeks Arthur Replacement Americas A Utah National Guard AH-64D Apache Longbow helicopter involved in a landing exercise... Read More US Senate Approves Military Aid Package | USS Kingsville Acceptance Trials Completed | Israel Deployed AI In Gaza Americas The US Senate approved $60 billion in funding for Ukraine on Tuesday, but the... Read More Home About Contact Subscribe Follow © 2004-2024 Defense Industry Daily, LLC