Open Government Program | Alberta.ca Skip to content Notifications Government telephone contact centres are currently experiencing a service outage and may be inaccessible at this time.Alternative ways are available to contact government while we work to restore service. Alberta.ca Search Alberta.ca Popular topics: Refocusing health care in Alberta Foster and kinship care Elder abuse – Get help Affordability Action Plan Child care subsidy Renew your vehicle registration Find a service Find all of the Alberta government services and information you need. Public engagements Help shape the future of government policies, programs and services. Jobs Government of Alberta jobs, job postings across the province, and resources for job seekers. Government action Priority Government of Alberta initiatives and action plans. News February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: A responsible plan for a growing province February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Putting Albertans and Alberta families first February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Investing in safe, welcoming communities Alberta.ca home Open government Contact government Social media directory Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Feature Refocusing health care in Alberta Prioritizing patients and empowering health care professionals. Home All services Government Data, publications and information management Data, statistics and publications Open Government Program Open Government Program Open government is designed to improve government transparency, and ensure better collaboration between government and citizens. Open government portalThe open government portal is a collection of datasets and publications by government departments and agencies. The public can use and access this data freely to learn more about how government works, carry out research or build web apps.The portal functions as both a library for current publications and as an archive for old publications which have historic value. Search for publications Search for Alberta government publications and laws. Browse the open data catalogue Search for government data in the open data catalogue to do research, build apps and gain insights. Blog Read the latest updates on the open government blog to learn when new data becomes available. Mobile apps Alberta government mobile applications ('apps') available for smartphones and other mobile devices. Visualizations View Alberta government data visualizations such as interactive maps, dynamic charts, and infographics. ResponsibilitiesThe Open Government Program: improves access to government data and publications, and develops standards and processes to encourage open engagement works with ministries to release data and information they collect maintains the open government documentation including best practices, general use, policies and instructions on how to use the portal developed the open data licence in collaboration with the governments of Canada, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec and is based on the UK open government licence developed the Open Information and Open Data policy determines what data and information goes on the open government portal Contact information and social mediaSuggest a resource request a publication or open dataset that you would like to see on the open government portal Contact government share ideas, inquiries regarding government data or publications, provide feedback on this portal or to report an error for Alberta government staff that need help identifying which data sets should go on the open government portal or how to make sure the data meets the necessary criteria Follow us on twitter or subscribe to our blog to get the latest updates on open data Milestones September 2018 15,200 open datasets, government publications and legislation published. July 2018 Launched the Federated Open Data Search Pilot Project with the Government of Canada – Visitors to the Open Data Portal of Canada are now able to search and download open data available from both Canada and Alberta. June 2017 Received the 2017 Canadian Open Data Summit Award for Open Data Innovation for the Open Laws initiative that makes Alberta Legislation accessible through the open government portal. February 2017 Alberta Legislation is now accessible through the open government portal – Albertans can search for laws, publications and datasets in a centralized location to provide the full picture and make discovery of data and information easier. June 2016 Enterprise Data Analytics plan is developed. April 2016 7060 open datasets and government publications published. August 2015 Alberta open government portal is launchedPreviously called the open data portal, the new open government portal was designed to provide a convenient and comprehensive location for accessing government data and information. April 2015 1,695 open datasets published February 2015 Apps for Alberta competitionA competition using Alberta open data, is launched. The Government of Alberta, in partnership with Alberta Innovates Technology Futures, hosted this innovation competition from February – August 2015. Apps for Alberta offered $70,000 in cash prizes to encourage the brightest and most creative minds in Canada and the United States to develop apps that use open data from the Alberta open government portal. January 2015 Implemented data analytics as part of open government April 2014 371 open datasets published on the open data portal March 2014 Open Information Program Consolidation of Alberta Government Libraries January 2014 Alberta Open Government Policy is developedThe Open Information and Open Data Policy version 1.0 provided a framework to establish the operational responsibilities, organization, processes, tools and other resources required for a single approach to the open data and open information programs. May 2013 Launch of the open data portal version 1.0280 datasets were available on the open data portal when it was first launched. November 2012 Launch of the Open Government Program. Related Public consultationsMake a freedom of information and protection request Lead ministry: Service Alberta and Red Tape Reduction Was this page helpful? Yes No All fields are required unless otherwise indicated. You will NOT receive a reply on your feedback. Do NOT include personal information. To get answers to questions, use Alberta Connects. What were you trying to do? (500 character limit) What went wrong? (500 character limit) Send your feedback Your submissions are monitored by our web team and are used to help improve the experience on Alberta.ca. Alberta.ca Footer Ministries Jobs Contact government Staff directory About Links About Links Using Alberta.ca Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin © 2024 Government of Alberta