Consumer Advice | Federal Trade Commission Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. CFG: Translation Menu Español Report Fraud Read Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Visit ftc.gov Menu CFG: Main Menu Mega Show/hide Shopping and Donating menu items Shopping and Donating Make smart shopping decisions, know your rights, and solve problems when you shop or donate to charity. View Shopping and Donating Video Topics Topics Shopping For the Home Health Funerals Buying and Owning a Car Donating to Charity Consumer Alerts Did you have a LASIK consultation with LasikPlus or Joffe MediCenter? You might be eligible for a refund. February 20, 2024 Colleen Tressler Did you visit a LasikPlus or Joffe MediCenter in response to ads that you could get LASIK for less than $300 only to learn that you didn’t qualify for that price? You might be eligible for a settlement payment. View all Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Show/hide Credit, Loans, and Debt menu items Credit, Loans, and Debt Learn about getting and using credit, borrowing money, and managing debt. View Credit, Loans, and Debt Video Topics Topics Credit and Debt Loans and Mortgages Consumer Alerts What to do if you can’t make car payments November 29, 2023 Colleen Tressler Trouble making car payments? Worried about repossession? Unexpected life events, like a job loss or drop in income, may affect your ability to pay your bills, including car payments. If you’re worried that you won’t be able to make your next car payment, take action as soon as possible. If you get behind on your payments, your lender could repossess your car — sometimes without warning. Read on to learn what to do. View all Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Show/hide Jobs and Making Money menu items Jobs and Making Money What to know when you're looking for a job or more education, or considering a money-making opportunity or investment. View Jobs and Making Money Video Topics Topics Money-Making Opportunities and Investments Jobs Education and Training Consumer Alerts Job scams targeting college students are getting personal December 27, 2023 Lesley Fair If you’ll be seeing college-age relatives over the holidays, warn them about a variation on the “job interview” scam that students looking for summer or permanent employment have reported to us. View all Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Show/hide Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts menu items Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts What to do about unwanted calls, emails, and text messages that can be annoying, might be illegal, and are probably scams. View Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts Video Topics Topics Unwanted Calls Unwanted Emails, Texts, and Mail Consumer Alerts Fake shipping notification emails and text messages: What you need to know this holiday season December 14, 2023 Alvaro Puig When you order something online, you might get several emails or text messages about your order: Confirming your order. Telling you it shipped. Saying it's out for delivery. Notifying you about delivery. Did you know that scammers send fake package shipment and delivery notifications to try to steal people's personal information — not just at the holidays, but all year long? Here's what you need to know to protect yourself from these scams. View all Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Show/hide Identity Theft and Online Security menu items Identity Theft and Online Security How to protect your personal information and privacy, stay safe online, and help your kids do the same. View Identity Theft and Online Security Video Topics Topics Identity Theft Online Privacy and Security Protecting Kids Online Consumer Alerts Fake shipping notification emails and text messages: What you need to know this holiday season December 14, 2023 Alvaro Puig When you order something online, you might get several emails or text messages about your order: Confirming your order. Telling you it shipped. Saying it's out for delivery. Notifying you about delivery. Did you know that scammers send fake package shipment and delivery notifications to try to steal people's personal information — not just at the holidays, but all year long? Here's what you need to know to protect yourself from these scams. View all Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Scams Search Show/hide Search menu items Items per page 20 50 100 Filters Fulltext search CFG: Translation Menu Español Report Fraud Read Consumer Alerts Get Consumer Alerts Visit ftc.gov CFG: Main Navigation Shopping and Donating Show/hide Shopping and Donating menu items Shopping For the Home Health Funerals Buying and Owning a Car Donating to Charity Credit, Loans, and Debt Show/hide Credit, Loans, and Debt menu items Credit and Debt Loans and Mortgages Jobs and Making Money Show/hide Jobs and Making Money menu items Money-Making Opportunities and Investments Jobs Education and Training Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts Show/hide Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts menu items Unwanted Calls Unwanted Emails, Texts, and Mail Identity Theft and Online Security Show/hide Identity Theft and Online Security menu items Identity Theft Online Privacy and Security Protecting Kids Online Scams Show/hide Scams menu items Gift Card Scams Government and Business Impersonators Phone Scams Romance Scams Scams Against Immigrants Scams Against Older Adults Scams Against Small Businesses Wire Transfer Scams Items per page 20 50 100 Filters Fulltext search What to do if you were scammed Learn more Take action Report fraud Report identity theft Get your free credit report Get consumer alerts The Latest in Consumer Advice Articles Shopping and Donating Article How To Avoid Scams When You Shop for a Home Security System December 20, 2023 Offers ways to spot and avoid scams when shopping for a home security system. Shopping and Donating Article Timeshares, Vacation Clubs, and Related Scams December 20, 2023 If you’re thinking about buying a timeshare or joining a vacation club, make sure you know exactly what you’re getting into. Jobs and Making Money Article Invention Marketing Scams December 17, 2023 Dishonest invention marketers lie about the profit potential of your invention to get you to pay for expensive, but often useless, services. Here’s what you need to know to avoid an invention marketing scam. All articles Consumer Alerts Consumer Alert Get back on track after the Texas wildfires Gema de las Heras March 4, 2024 Recovering from what is now the largest wildfire in Texas history will be a long process. If you’ve been displaced by the fire, or your home or business was damaged, you’re probably trying to figure out what to do next. Here’s some advice to help you get started. Unwanted Calls Consumer Alert Celebrate National Consumer Protection Week. Talk about scams Samuel Levine March 4, 2024 That call or text might not seem like a scam. It might look like it’s Apple or Microsoft, saying there’s a problem with your computer. (It’s not.) It might seem like it’s Amazon, saying there’s a problem with an order. (Also no.) It might even sound like your grandchild, calling with (supposedly) an emergency. (Still no.) All of these are scammers. This is National Consumer Protection Week (NCPW) and we’re inviting you to join us in talking about scams just like these. Consumer Alert In the check-out line buying gift cards? Read on to avoid a scam Cristina Miranda February 27, 2024 If you’re in the checkout line with a gift card (or several) in your hand, ask yourself: is the gift card you’re buying for a gift? Or is someone on the phone with you as you’re checking out telling you what to do – like buy a gift card to pay for something and give them the numbers? Gift cards are ONLY for gifts. That means if the gift card isn’t for someone’s birthday, anniversary, or for any other gift giving reason, it’s a scam. All consumer alerts How to Report Fraud at ReportFraud.ftc.gov Visit Money Matters December 13, 2022 Get consumer alerts Email Signup More from the FTC Report to help fight fraud! Protect your community by reporting fraud, scams, and bad business practices. Report fraud Pass It On The truth is that sharing what you know can help protect someone who you know from a scam. Share now More Tips and Advice For Military and Veterans Defend yourself against fraud and stay financially secure with tools and resources for service members, veterans, and families. Consumer.gov Consumer protection basics... plain and simple. Order Free Resources Order free publications for consumers and businesses. Return to top Menu CFG: Footer Menu Feature Pages Articles Consumer Alerts Videos CFG: Footer Menu Right Report Fraud Get Consumer Alerts CFG: Footer ftc.gov About Us Contact Us Privacy and Notices FOIA Office of Inspector General