Weather and climate change - Met Office Skip to main content Menu Weather & climate Research programmes Services About us Met Office Search site Search x Back Weather & climate Everything you need to know about the forecast, and making the most of the weather. Find a forecast Warnings & advice Warnings & advice UK weather warnings UK Storm Centre Seasonal advice Maps & charts Maps & charts UK forecast UK weather map Cloud cover map Precipitation map Lightning map Rainfall map Temperature map Wind map Wind gust map Surface pressure charts All countries Climate Climate Climate explained What is climate change? Causes of climate change Effects of climate change Climate change questions UK climate Climate science Organisations and reports UK daily weather extremes Specialist forecasts Specialist forecasts Coast and Sea Mountain Space Weather Learn about... Learn about... Past UK weather events Weather How forecasts are made Met Office for Schools Research programmes The latest breakthroughs, research and news from the Met Office. Our approach Our approach Overview by our Chief Scientist How Met Office science is reviewed Collaboration Modelling systems Monitoring Our research staff Weather science Weather science Atmospheric dispersion and air quality Space Applications and Nowcasting Ensemble forecasting Observations research and development Ocean forecasting Research to operations Satellite and Surface Assimilation Verification, impacts and post-processing Weather science IT Climate research Climate research Climate, cryosphere and oceans Climate impacts Climate monitoring and attribution Earth system science Monthly to decadal prediction UK climate maps and data Understanding climate change Applied science Applied science Aviation applications Climate information for international development Climate security Climate services Defence applications Post-processing applications Science for Impacts, Resilience and Adaptation (SIRA) Science health strategy Foundation science Foundation science Atmospheric processes and parametrizations Dynamic research Global modelling Informatics Lab Observation-based research Regional model evaluation and development Library News Services Support your business with world-leading science and technology. Government Government Defence and security Devolved administrations Environmental Hazard and Resilience Services International development Transport Transport Aviation commercial Aviation regulated CAV Marine Rail Road Business & industry Business & industry Agriculture Energy Event management Media Water Data Data Weather and climate data Research & consulting Research & consulting Access a meteorologist Climate service International programmes Weather and climate consultancy Insights About us Who we are, what we do and organisational news. Who we are Supplying the Met Office Supplying the Met Office Advertising Procurement Press Office Press Office Weather and climate news Corporate news News blog Podcasts Contact the Press Office Careers Careers Working at the Met Office Your career Vacancies Rewards and benefits Equality, diversity and inclusion Equality, Diversity & Inclusion Progress Report 2022-23 Apprentices, graduates and placements Contact us Contact us Contact details Feedback form How to find us Settings Weather and climate change Find a forecast Search for a place, autocomplete also includes a 'Use my location' option and your recent locations Search Please choose your location from the nearest places to : Suggested places Use my current location Recent places Your recent places Edit Your recently searched for places will appear here. To see your recently searched for places, accept cookies by updating your preferences Your next recent place will appear here. clear There may be weather warnings in force for the UK News Warmest February on record for England and Wales England and Wales had their respective warmest Februarys on record according to provisional Met Office statistics in what was a mild and wet month for many. Read more UK video forecast UK weather map View the weather with our interactive map Loading map… Forecast for HH:mm, EEE Updated HH:mm (ZZZZ) on EEE dd MMM yyyy WARNING Flood warnings Flood warnings in force for: England Environment Agency Updated: 08:10 (UTC) on Tue 5 Mar 2024 UK 5 day weather forecast Tuesday 5 Mar - Saturday 9 Mar Headline: Dry and bright for many, showers for some Today: Outbreaks of rain continuing to clear eastern England and parts of the northwest. Some slow moving, and potentially heavy showers affecting the SE corner into the afternoon. Otherwise, many areas will be dry with sunny spells. Tonight: Cloudy with patchy outbreaks of rain and drizzle near North Sea coasts, otherwise dry with clear spells and a few fog patches developing. Turning frosty where skies remain cloud free. Wednesday: Any fog patches lifting during the morning, cloudier skies in the east, perhaps with some light drizzle here. Brighter in the west with long sunny spells developing. Temperatures near normal. Outlook for Thursday to Saturday: Cloudy with occasional showers near eastern coasts Thursday and Friday, drier with sunny spells further west. Chilly in the east. Rain and cloud pushing in from the southwest Saturday. Updated: 04:00 (UTC) on Tue 5 Mar 2024 UK long range weather forecast Saturday 9 Mar - Monday 18 Mar Rather cloudy across the south and southwest of the UK on Saturday as outbreaks of rain spread northwards. Elsewhere, variable cloud with some showers likely in places. The driest and brightest conditions will probably be in sheltered parts of the northwest. Into Sunday and the start of the following week, rain in the west and southwest will probably clear away westwards, with variable cloud and a few showers elsewhere. Through the rest of this period, some rain or showers are possible in the south at times, perhaps accompanied by strong winds. Drier and brighter across the north, but with a few wintry showers in places. Temperatures are most likely to be close to normal, but at times mild at times in the south and rather cold in the north. Updated: 14:00 (UTC) on Mon 4 Mar 2024 Tuesday 19 Mar - Tuesday 2 Apr During the final third of March and into the start of April, pressure is likely to remain higher than average to the north of the UK. This pattern tends to push the focus of unsettled weather further south than usual, with highest rainfall most likely to be in the south of the UK. Conversely, northern areas tend to be drier compared to normal. Temperatures will probably be near average overall, with any colder interludes most likely in the north and east. Updated: 15:00 (UTC) on Mon 4 Mar 2024 Top UK forecasts Belfast Cardiff Edinburgh London Manchester View UK forecast World forecasts Australia Ireland France Spain United States of America View all countries Video forecasts Latest UK daily weather videos Video forecasts More from the Met Office CLIMATE CHANGE Causes of climate change Explore LEARN ABOUT UV levels Explore LEARN ABOUT Weather conditions Explore WARNINGS AND ADVICE When is hay fever season in the UK? Explore LEARN ABOUT 10 facts about spring Explore WARNINGS AND ADVICE Pollen Allergies Explore Help us improve our website Take our short survey Met Office College National Meteorological Library & Archive Weather Observations Website (WOW) Accessibility Privacy policy Cookie policy Legal Email updates RSS © Crown Copyright © Crown Copyright