Welcome to Engineering and Technology Magazine -- The award-winning magazine and website for engineers, covering built environment, design and production, energy, IT and communications, and transport. Skip to main content Social and sign up Follow E-news Sign-up User account menu Log in Search Main navigation Home News Topics E+T Magazine Resources Webinars Whitepapers Videos Podcasts Careers Jobs Welcome to Engineering and Technology Magazine Open-access content Evil engineer Evil engineer FeatureTips on how to build remote-controlled cyborg crocodiles Editor's picks E+T Deconstructed: Can the UK turn a non-existing satellite launch sector into a £40bn industry? Thu 22 Feb 2024 The UK has come up with a plan to build seven domestic spaceports in a bid to make it one of Europe’s most enticing countries for the rapidly expanding satellite industry. Videos Space Space Launch Systems Aerospace UK Open-access content Spirograph - wheel within a wheel Wed 28 Feb 2024 The inspiration for great toys can come from many areas – but can you think of one inspired by money? Gaming History History Of Technology Members'-only content Confidential comms from quantum satellites Fri 23 Feb 2024 With its Micius satellite, China proved it possible to use individual photons sent from space to communicate in almost total secrecy. Now, other countries are playing catch-up Features Communications Quantum Computing Satellites Space Open-access content Tearing down the Apple Watch Series 9 and Ultra 2 Mon 26 Feb 2024 Introducing two new titanium timepieces Features Gadgets Apple Consumer Technology Members'-only content The slow walk to commercial high-temperature semiconductors Wed 21 Feb 2024 From small-scale experiments to supercomputer simulations, scientists continue to wrestle with the conundrum of high-temperature superconductivity. Features Research And Innovation Semiconductors Smart Materials Members'-only content Biometrics move beyond fingerprints and retina scans Wed 14 Feb 2024 As the perpetrator in The Usual Suspects explains, it was convincing the world he did not exist. This neat trick has been dashed by technology, as your unique behavioural traits can instantly be pinpointed to identify you. Features Biometrics Virtual Reality Research And Innovation Security In The Modern World Members'-only content Latest news Three Red Sea underwater data cables cut as Houthis launch more attacks Tue 5 Mar 2024 The waterway remains a target of Yemen’s Houthi rebels. Open-access content Reducing atmospheric carbon with direct air capture will cost double previous estimates Tue 5 Mar 2024 The cost of removing CO2 from the atmosphere could be double previous estimates, according to researchers from ETH Zurich. Open-access content New satellite will use data combined with AI to map methane leaks worldwide Tue 5 Mar 2024 The MethaneSAT satellite, developed by the Environmental Defense Fund in partnership with Google, has launched onboard the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, with the aim of putting the biggest methane-emitting culprits on the map. Open-access content Apple receives €1.8bn EU fine for promoting its music streaming service over rivals Tue 5 Mar 2024 The EU has levied a €1.8bn (£1.5bn) fine against Apple for making it difficult for European users to find out pricing information for alternative music streaming services such as Spotify and YouTube Music. Open-access content AI should be human-focused rather than tech-driven, experts warn Mon 4 Mar 2024 With AI increasingly set to permeate all areas of our lives, a soon-to-be-published book focuses on how to make AI more human-centred in a range of sectors and industries. Open-access content Norway’s offshore carbon storage plans – safe solution or environmental risk? Mon 4 Mar 2024 Projects to inject carbon under the seabed are growing at an unprecedented rate. Open-access content Budget 2024: mobile networks call for taxpayer help to close £25bn investment gap Mon 4 Mar 2024 UK mobile networks say that without government support, the sector may fail to cope with expanding usage and data consumption. Open-access content IET and WISE join forces to accelerate gender equality in STEM Mon 4 Mar 2024 WISE Campaign, a non-profit organisation focused on gender parity for women in STEM from classroom to boardroom, is now under the ownership of the IET. Open-access content Siemens to build £100m R&D centre for the UK’s next-gen rail technology Mon 4 Mar 2024 The Chancellor has promised a £360m package to boost British manufacturing in a series of pre-Budget announcements. Open-access content Odysseus spacecraft loses power one week after landing on the moon Fri 1 Mar 2024 The first US spacecraft to land on the surface of the Moon for over 50 years has lost transmission. Open-access content E+T Jobs The IET global job board for engineering and technology professionals Recruiter: SSE Principal Engineer Substations Perth & Kinross, Perth, Scotland £53100 - £87670 per annum About the roleBase Location: Flexible UK | We're proud to offer a Flexible First approach to work, and this role is no exception. We will, however nee Apply for this job Recruiter: SSE Lead DevOps Engineer Berkshire, Reading, England / Hampshire, England, Havant £62324 - £71370 per annum SSE has big ambitions to be a leading energy company in a low carbon world. Following our commitment to invest £20.5 billion in low carbon projects to Apply for this job Recruiter: SSE Principal Engineer - HV Cables Perth & Kinross, Scotland, Perth £53100 - £87670 per annum + Bonus About the RoleBase Location: Flexible UK | We're proud to offer a Flexible First approach to work, and this role is no exception. We will, however nee Apply for this job Recruiter: SSE Project Engineer Scotland, Glasgow / Aberdeen, Scotland / Scotland, Perth & Kinross, Perth £45400 - £68200 per annum + Car/allowance/bonus/pension Act as the key intermediary across all specialist discipline project engineering teams, identifying and mitigating key design risks across all Transmission infrastructure projects. Apply for this job More jobs ▶ Top topics Research And Innovation Reducing atmospheric carbon with direct air capture will cost double previous estimates Tue 5 Mar 2024 The cost of removing CO2 from the atmosphere could be double previous estimates, according to researchers from ETH Zurich. Open-access content The slow walk to commercial high-temperature semiconductors Wed 21 Feb 2024 From small-scale experiments to supercomputer simulations, scientists continue to wrestle with the conundrum of high-temperature superconductivity. Members'-only content More from Research And Innovation » Electricity Crypto mines ordered to report energy use to US authorities Thu 1 Feb 2024 The US Department of Energy is to begin a survey of cryptocurrency mines’ electricity consumption, following years of concern expressed by environmental advocates. Open-access content Sir Joseph Swan: A pioneer of the electric lighting industry Mon 30 Oct 2023 Sir Joseph Swan was a pioneer of the electric lighting industry, photographic processes, and a President of the Institution of Electrical Engineers. Open-access content More from Electricity » Technology Interview: talking techno-panic with Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic Tue 17 Oct 2023 There’s nothing new in techno-panic, says psychologist and AI thought leader Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic, But, as he outlines in “I, Human”, today could be the moment when technology really does make us look to our own humanity. Members'-only content Simon Johnson on ‘Power and Progress’ and ‘the thousand-year backstory for ChatGPT’ Wed 14 Jun 2023 Despite tech billionaires’ inspirational promises of a brave new world for everyone, innovation has a long history of merely empowering the elite, says Simon Johnson. Open-access content More from Technology » Gadgets Interview: Eben Upton of Raspberry Pi Mon 4 Mar 2024 Eben Upton is CEO of Raspberry Pi, which designs the popular single-board computers enjoying great success in schools and among hobbyists, as well as in industrial settings. Members'-only content Tearing down the Apple Watch Series 9 and Ultra 2 Mon 26 Feb 2024 Introducing two new titanium timepieces Members'-only content More from Gadgets » Renewable Energy Global carbon emissions rose less sharply in 2023 due to clean energy surge, reports IEA Fri 1 Mar 2024 New data from the IEA reveals that in 2023 global energy-related carbon emissions slowed down compared with the previous year. Open-access content Zero-emission Energy Observer nears the end of its voyage after seven years Thu 29 Feb 2024 Built as a floating laboratory for renewable energy technologies, the 100-foot Energy Observer has logged 63,040 nautical miles without burning any fossil fuels. Open-access content More from Renewable Energy » Automotive UK tax policy encourages polluting SUVs on British roads, green campaigners say Fri 1 Mar 2024 The tax system is failing to address the cost of the emissions, air pollution and safety concerns of large, luxury cars. Open-access content Tata Group confirms £4bn gigafactory will be built in Somerset Wed 28 Feb 2024 Tata Group has confirmed it will build a £4bn “gigafactory” that will produce batteries for electric vehicles (EV) in Somerset. Electric Vehicles Open-access content More from Automotive » Partner content Systems Engineering at BAE Systems Thu 29 Feb 2024 When you provide some of the world's most advanced, technology-led defence, aerospace and security solutions you need creative, innovative and diverse teams to deliver them. Sponsored by BAE Systems Open-access content Download eBook: A Guide to the Fundamentals of 6G Mon 29 Jan 2024 With the deployment of 5G well underway, vendors and service providers can help consumers, industry, and government unleash a multitude of use cases with far-reaching benefits. Sponsored by Keysight Open-access content REDTIGER F7NP Dashcam: Elevate Your Driving Experience with 4K Video and Dual Cameras Tue 2 Jan 2024 Dashcams have become an indispensable accessory for enhancing road safety and providing crucial evidence in the aftermath of accidents. Sponsored by REDTIGER Open-access content COMSOL Releases Version 6.2 of COMSOL Multiphysics Mon 20 Nov 2023 This month, COMSOL announced the release of COMSOL Multiphysics version 6.2, adding data-driven surrogate model functionality for efficient standalone simulation apps and multiphysics-based digital twins. Sponsored by COMSOL Open-access content Lightning strikes: insights and solutions using multiphysics modelling Fri 3 Nov 2023 How modelling can build preventative measures against the damaging effects of lightning strikes. Sponsored by COMSOL Open-access content Free poster, validating e-mobility charging interfaces Thu 10 Aug 2023 Bidirectional power conversion takes place at various interfaces in the relatively new and evolving vehicle-to-grid (V2G) ecosystem. Modern EV and EV supply equipment designs must meet many IEC and ISO working group standards. Sponsored by Keysight Open-access content Engineering Canada Tue 1 Aug 2023 Canada is increasingly becoming an obvious choice for highly skilled workers looking to relocate. With considerably low unemployment rates, a reasonably high minimum wage, affordable healthcare, and an eye for modernizing itself, it makes sense that... Open-access content Hardware Pioneers Max 2023: Where Electronics, IoT Connectivity and Embedded Systems Converge Thu 29 Jun 2023 Hardware Pioneers Max returns to London. This annual gathering, held on 13 July 2023, is dedicated to all those involved in developing connected and smart hardware solutions and bringing them to market. Sponsored by Hardware Pioneers Open-access content The power of data in business longevity Mon 12 Jun 2023 "It completely changed how I do my job. Before, we just took paper drawings down and left the team on site to build it. Now, there is a workflow you can follow through Tekla PowerFab." Sponsored by Trimble Open-access content The next step in the evolution of the electric motor Tue 23 May 2023 Electric motors form the backbone of much of the UK’s industrial operations, and along with variable speed drive (VSD) systems account for 60 percent of the electricity demand within the sector. Whilst the synchronous motor has been around for... Sponsored by ABB Open-access content DPSP 2024 17th International Conference on Developments in Power System Protection Take part in a world-leading forum focusing on the latest research and technical advances in power system protection. Date: 4–7 March 2024, Manchester, UK Register now For more information, please follow this link. Authors, experts and contributors Tim Fryer Editor For more information, please follow this link. Jack Loughran Reporter For more information, please follow this link. Louise Murray Freelance writer For more information, please follow this link. Helena Pozniak Freelance writer For more information, please follow this link. You? Find out how you can contribute to E+T Magazine For more information, please follow this link. View the discussion thread. Join today In print For IET members only Apply online today! Become a member For more information, please follow this link. E-newsletters Straight into your inbox Signing up to receive E+T News made easy! Sign up For more information, please follow this link. About usNewslettersContact usAdvertise with usE+T JobsFacebookInstagramX (Twitter)YouTubeAccessibility policyAnti-slavery policyCookiesPrivacy policy © 2024 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.The Institution of Engineering and Technology is registered as a Charity in England & Wales (no 211014) and Scotland (no SC038698). Built EnvironmentCivil EngineeringComputing & Comms TechnologyDesign & ManufacturingElectrical Engineering & ElectronicsEnergyEnvironmentGovernment & PoliticsHealthcare TechnologiesLeadership & ManagementTransportOther Things... Close Close Follow us on socialFor the latest updates and more facebook twitter instagram youtube Mobile Social and sign up Follow E-news Sign-up Mobile User account menu Log in Search Social and sign up Follow E-news Sign-up User account menu Log in Search