Home - DAWN.COM EPAPER LIVE TV DAWNNEWS URDU Images Herald Aurora CityFM89 Teeli Advertise Events /Supplements Classifieds Obituaries DAWN.COM Today's Paper | March 05, 2024 Home Latest Elections 2024 Gaza invasion Pakistan Opinion Business World Culture Prism Sport Magazines Tech Videos Popular Archive Flood Donations Home Latest Elections 2024 Gaza invasion Pakistan Opinion Business World Culture Prism Sport Magazines Tech Videos Popular Archive Flood Donations Search Search Live Akbar S. Babar urges ECP to revoke membership of PTI leaders who joined Sunni Ittehad Council Calls last week's PTI intraparty polls a "farce". Live Akbar S. Babar urges ECP to revoke membership of PTI leaders who joined Sunni Ittehad Council Calls last week's PTI intraparty polls a "farce". 4:46pm ECP publishes names of candidates for reserved seats in KP Assembly 4:02pm Imran has barred PTI lawmakers from engaging with those who ‘stole’ mandate, says Marwat 3:49pm Akbar S. Babar calls PTI intraparty polls a ‘farce’ IHC issues notices to info ministry, PTA on plea challenging ‘ban’ on social media site X Petition argues disruption of X is "deliberate, arbitrary, mala fide, and without lawful authority". Published 05 Mar, 2024 01:42pm Related Senate resolution seeking ban on all social media withdrawn amid protest SHC directs PTA to fully restore social media website X across Pakistan SHC expresses displeasure, seeks reasons for suspension of internet services on election day Policeman escorting polio team injured in Mardan attack Official says unidentified assailant managed to escape from crime scene, search operation underway. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 04:03pm Live WHO says malnutrition ‘particularly extreme’ in north Gaza as death toll hits 30,631 One in six children under two years of age are acutely malnourished in northern Gaza, says WHO representative for Palestine. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 03:22pm China boosts defence spending as regional disputes heat up China will maintain “reasonable growth” in its defence budget to “safeguard its sovereignty, security and development interests”, says spokesperson. Published 05 Mar, 2024 01:32pm SpaceX faces hearing on engineers fired after criticising Elon Musk over sexism If SpaceX loses, it can be ordered to reinstate workers and compensate them for lost pay and benefits. Published 05 Mar, 2024 04:34pm PkMAP holds rally against raid on Achakzai’s home in Quetta PTI condemns Sunday night’s action by district administration. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 09:16am PTV continues blackout of opposition lawmakers in NA coverage SIC legislators to file privilege motion against state-owned electronic media. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 11:38am US seeks to continue ‘robust’ ties with new govt Welcomes Maryam Nawaz as Punjab’s first woman CM, views it as significant milestone. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 08:34am PTI to knock SC door after losing reserved seats ECP turns down SIC plea for not submitting list for reserved seats on time; commission to distribute vacant seats proportionally among other parties. Published 05 Mar, 2024 07:34am Shehbaz takes oath as new PM, orders negotiations with IMF PTI's Gandapur skipped the oath-taking ceremony and instead attended the provincial assembly session. Updated 05 Mar, 2024 08:43am READ MORE TOP STORIES Dawn News English Explained: What Is Super Tuesday? Why Was Request Of Sunni Ittehad Council Rejected? What To Expect At China’s “Two Sessions” Why Do Pakistani Startups Fail? Weekly Economic Roundup: India’s Economy Surges Unpacked: Aaron Bushnell And Hypocrisy Of Western Media “Journalism In Pakistan Is Not For The Faint-Hearted” What To Expect As Iran Votes To Elect Parliament, Religious Leaders Live Updates 4:46pm ECP publishes names of candidates for reserved seats in KP Assembly 4:02pm Imran has barred PTI lawmakers from engaging with those who ‘stole’ mandate, says Marwat 3:49pm Akbar S. Babar calls PTI intraparty polls a ‘farce’ MUST READ STORIES Editorial: ECP’s move to deny reserved seats to SIC will impede growth of democracy in the country Decoding the ever-evolving relationship of US and Pakistan — friends today, foes tomorrow? Aurat March 2024 — where to go and what are the manifestos Where the parties stand in the National Assembly so far Pakistan is a young country that cannot remain in the politics from decades ago The election of business tycoons to parliament may offer Indian citizens economic insight ‘Bereft of law’: Lawyers, activists lambaste ECP for refusing to allocate SIC reserved seats Editorial: Bridging gaping political chasm and restoring unity will require immense grit from Shehbaz PSO conquers with carient ‘A fighter second, a woman first’: MMA fighter Anita Karim is dreaming big and inspiring others to do the same The economic challenge is an imposing one but the govt should see an opportunity in this crisis Sponsored Catch Yasir Hussain, Nayyer Ijaz, and Amna Ilyas in the crime thriller pilot ‘BeyKhauf’ BeyKhauf’s ‘Mano’ is a 20-minute-long pilot episode that doesn't shy away from the dark side of life. Focus on human development key to long-term success: Hussain Dawood He added that human development is about investing in character building. Blossom into summer with GulAhmed’s floral lawn suits GulAhmed's lawn fabric is renowned for its breathability, keeping you cool and carefree under the sun. Why are Balochistan’s political parties up in arms? Pervez Hoodbhoy Mohammad Asghar Baqir Sajjad Syed Malik Asad Shahid Iqbal MOST POPULAR Over last 24 hours 1 Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani takes global rich to the zoo The weekend party is an elaborate pre-wedding ceremony for his younger son Anant Ambani and fiancee Radhika Merchant. World , Published 02 Mar, 2024 05:26pm 2 Another PIA steward goes missing in Canada Jibran Baloch arrived in Toronto from Karachi; didn’t report for return flight. World , Updated 02 Mar, 2024 01:22pm 3 Imran Khan’s resurrection Old faces in the new government are bad enough but Khan’s presence would have been worse. Newspaper , Updated 02 Mar, 2024 05:38pm 4 Shehbaz Sharif elected prime minister for 2nd time, vows to steer Pakistan ‘back to shore’ in victory speech Clinches 201 votes against 92 secured by PTI-backed Omar Ayub Khan, makes a series of promises in victory speech. Pakistan , Updated 03 Mar, 2024 10:23pm 5 Seizure of commercial consignment draws FO ire Indian agencies confiscated goods on Karachi-bound ship. Newspaper , Published 03 Mar, 2024 06:56am OPINION Why not directly elect a tycoon? A closer look at Kamra’s outlandish idea reveals an untold truth. The Modi government does resemble a massively advertised business enterprise. Jawed Naqvi Question of age Arifa Noor Common ground Arooj Waheed Dar Destined to fail? Dr Niaz Murtaza Moral visions Umair Javed EDITORIAL Reserved seats Like the party symbol issue, the legality of the latest ECP determination will also be decided by the superior judiciary. Hate in Modi’s India Brick by brick, the Sangh is seeking to destroy the edifice of Muslim civilisation in India that goes back a millennium. Climate realities IN an uncharacteristic twist for March — which typically heralds the warmth of spring — several parts of ... POPULAR OPED WRITERS Over last 24 hours 1. Pervez Hoodbhoy Imran Khan’s resurrection Old faces in the new government are bad enough but Khan’s presence would have been worse. 2. Maleeha Lodhi Test of leadership With constraints on its power the Sharif government has many challenges to navigate. 3. Umair Javed Moral visions In Pakistan’s current space-time configuration, the language of politics has changed dramatically. 4. Mohammad Ali Babakhel Waves of terrorism Terrorism’s global nature calls for enhanced collaboration. 5. Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry India’s fault lines Space for minorities continues to shrink in India. 6. Navaira Ali Bangash Mother’s milk, mother’s choice It is ironic that the healthcare sector itself does not provide a conducive environment for working mothers to breastfeed their child. BUSINESS Nepra plans doubling of licensing fees Two Pakistani businesswomen recognised by Forbes Cement sales fall 19pc in February Receding Kibor sparks rate cut hopes Stocks cheer ‘stability’ with 626-point rally Access to banking is a fundamental right: SBP SPORT HBL PSL 2024: Shadab stars as United topple Zalmi to revive campaign Shanaka guides Sri Lanka to dramatic T20 win over Bangladesh Green may focus on red ball cricket before India Tests No Wagner recall as Sears picked for second Australia Test HBL PSL 2024: Ton-up Usman leads rampant Sultans into playoffs Foden double fires City to comeback win against United WORLD SpaceX faces hearing on engineers fired after criticising Elon Musk over sexism China boosts defence spending as regional disputes heat up Gaza crisis could spark wider war, says UN rights chief 43 countries call for international probe into Navalny’s death SpaceX launches new crew to ISS Protesting farmers cut off as India tops list of digital blackouts Aurat March 2024 — where to go and what are the manifestos Images Staff Published 05 Mar, 2024 12:57pm Moments from the Ambani pre-wedding celebrations that we can’t get out of our heads Just when you thought it couldn't get wilder, it did! Images Staff Published 04 Mar, 2024 05:25pm Nimra Khan to highlight ‘struggles of wearing a hijab’ in Umm-e-Ayesha The show portrays Khan's character facing discrimination due to her attire. Irfan ul Haq Published 04 Mar, 2024 02:58pm Decoding the ever-evolving relationship of US and Pakistan — friends today, foes tomorrow? Touqir Hussain Published 05 Mar, 2024 01:03pm Why are Balochistan’s political parties up in arms? The controversial election results and the manner in which they have come about have sparked widespread protests across the province. Kiyya Baloch Published 29 Feb, 2024 10:12am The cost of silence: How internet shutdowns impede Pakistan’s technological ascent Arbitrary internet shutdowns are a self-inflicted wound on Pakistan's technology sector, undermining the country's potential to become a hub for digital innovation. Uzair M. Younus Published 28 Feb, 2024 12:06pm TECH SpaceX faces hearing on engineers fired after criticising Elon Musk over sexism Reuters Published 05 Mar, 2024 04:34pm AI bot ‘Jennifer’ calling California voters for Congress hopeful Unlike her human counterparts, Jennifer is a creation of AI, allowing her to make thousands of calls without taking a break or losing her cool. AFP Published 04 Mar, 2024 01:11pm Apple’s new EU steps draw rivals’ complaints EU law threatens fines of up to 10 per cent of global revenue for non-compliance or 20pc for repeat offenders. AFP Updated 03 Mar, 2024 09:44am THE PROBLEM WITH PAKISTAN’S TECH VISION Sindhu Abbasi Updated 03 Mar, 2024 10:44am PALESTINE: NIGHT AND FOG IN GAZA Text from a 1955 French documentary about the suffering of the Jewish people during the Holocaust rings eerily true for Palestini Dr Naazir Mahmood Published 03 Mar, 2024 08:28am CRICKET: OLD SCHOOL AND THE SEA Right-arm pacer Mohammad Ali, who plays for Multan Sultans, is currently one of the highest wicket-takers in this PSL. Where has Mir Shabbar Ali Published 03 Mar, 2024 08:27am SPOTLIGHT: INSPIRING WOMEN Maliha Rehman Published 03 Mar, 2024 08:23am THE GRAPEVINE If you visit the multiplexes of Karachi, Pakistan’s largest city, you will notice that, even on a Saturday or Sunday, PYT Published 03 Mar, 2024 08:23am CINEMASCOPE: DEMONS WITHIN Demon Slayer has been a worldwide phenomenon but the fi lm will appeal only to those already familiar with the intricacies Mohammad Kamran Jawaid Published 03 Mar, 2024 08:23am BUSINESS & FINANCE Minority shareholder oppression Reinvigorating CPEC Why startups fail YOUNG WORLD The world of forgotten games Mailbox Wonder Craft: Wonder craft AURORA PSO conquers with carient A day in the life of the director of student affairs at LUMS How is the education system in Pakistan transforming? Business Expert outlines new momentum for China’s economic growth Culture Museums in rural areas keep culture relevant Opinion Breaking barriers: Accelerating the future of Advanced Air Mobility Business Expert outlines new momentum for China’s economic growth Culture Museums in rural areas keep culture relevant Opinion Breaking barriers: Accelerating the future of Advanced Air Mobility DAWN.COM Compunode.com Pvt. Ltd. (www.compunode.com).Designed for Dawn. Contact Terms of Use Reproduction Copyrights Contribution Guidelines Privacy Comment Moderation Code of Ethics Social Media Policy Subscribe to Newspaper Advertise on Dawn.com Sponsored Content Classifieds Obituaries Prayer Timings Stock/Forex/Gold Weather Dawn Herald Aurora Prism Dawn News Images Eos/Icon/Young World Cityfm89 Teeli Copyright © 2024, Dawn NewsKit Publishing Platform