Astronomy Magazine - Interactive Star Charts, Planets, Meteors, Comets, Telescopes false front Skip to content Login/Register Logout Shop Subscribe News Science Science Solar System Exoplanets Stars Milky Way Galaxies Exotic Objects Cosmology Observing Observing In The Sky Upcoming Events The Sun The Moon Planets Deep-Sky Objects Observing Basics Telescopes and Equipment Astrophotography 2024 Eclipse 20 of the Best Places to See the Eclipse Times, Places, State-by-State Guide to the Eclipse More 2024 Eclipse Articles Space Exploration Space Exploration Human Spaceflight Robotic Spaceflight The Magazine Ask Astro News Science Science Solar System Exoplanets Stars Milky Way Galaxies Exotic Objects Cosmology Observing Observing In The Sky Upcoming Events The Sun The Moon Planets Deep-Sky Objects Observing Basics Telescopes and Equipment Astrophotography 2024 Eclipse 20 of the Best Places to See the Eclipse Times, Places, State-by-State Guide to the Eclipse More 2024 Eclipse Articles Space Exploration Space Exploration Human Spaceflight Robotic Spaceflight The Magazine Ask Astro Login/Register Logout Shop Subscribe Search for: Astronomy Magazine – Your source for the latest news on astronomy, observing events, space missions, and more. Top Stories View All News Cosmology, Science Dazzling sky survey maps 5,259 galaxy clusters and sheds light on dark matter Solar System New moons of Uranus and Neptune discovered Stars Why are there no green stars? 2024 Solar Eclipse, Observing, The Sun, Upcoming events 20 of the best places to view the 2024 total solar eclipse Picture of the Day See all photos A faint trio Bill Batchelor, taken from Coquitlam, B.C., Canada The unusual shape of the supernova remnant Sharpless 2–224 (right) in Auriga is thought to be caused by density differences in the interstellar medium, into which it is expanding. Sh 2–223 (left) and Sh 2–225 (top) are glowing clouds of hydrogen gas. This Hα/OIII/SII/RGB image comprises 80 hours of exposure with a 4-inch scope, plus wide-field background frames taken with a Canon DSLR and 200mm f/2.8 lens. In the Sky Explore all Observing The Sky This Week from March 1 to 8: False dusk gently glows March 2024 These are the ways our world will end Reviewing the Stellarvue 180mm refractor ‘Ring of fire’ annular eclipse wows Sun-gazers Winner of essay contest announced Subscribe Latest News View All News Human Spaceflight, Robotic Spaceflight, Space Exploration An updated list of space missions: Current and upcoming voyages Robotic Spaceflight, Science NASA’s DART mission may have changed the shape of asteroid Dimorphos, new study reveals Observing, Science, The Moon 2024 Full Moon calendar: Dates, times, types, and names Science, Stars Astronomers observe oceans of water vapor in a region where planets likely form Product Recommendations Previous Next New arrivals Wrap Around Solar Eclipse Glasses Books & DVDs Observing with Small Telescopes Globes & Maps 6" Saturn Globe Gifts & Toys The Planet Mug STEM Toys Campo del Cielo Meteorite STEM Toys Constellation Flashcards Gifts & Toys 2024 Eclipse Tour Shirt STEM Toys Astronomy 40° North Planisphere Gifts & Toys Fisher Original Astronaut Space Pen Visit My Science Shop Astronomy magazine: 50 years and counting The world's best-selling astronomy magazine offers you the most exciting, visually stunning, and timely coverage of the heavens above. Each issue includes expert science reporting, vivid color photography, complete sky coverage, spot-on observing tips, informative telescope reviews, and much more! All this in a user-friendly style that's perfect for astronomers at any level. Count me in Astronomy Newsletter Get newsletters, updates and special offers via email from Astronomy.com! "*" indicates required fields Enter Email Address* CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Twitter About Us Contact Us Subscribe Customer Service Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Website Accessibility @ 2024 Kalmbach Media. All Rights Reserved. More Sites from Kalmbach Media Scroll to Top Login New User? Create an Account Why Sign In? Subscribers can access their digital magazine issues, and registered users can participate in our Community forums and galleries. Email Email is required Password Password is required Sign in Forgot your password? Manage My Account Contact Customer Support