Stock Video & Royalty-Free Music | Pond5 Chat with Pond5 support Pond5 Browse Media Footage Footage Footage Home Popular Keywords Abstract Ambulance American Flag Artificial Intelligence Backgrounds Baseball Basketball Beach Brain Business Meeting Chicago Christmas Climate Change Clouds Concert Confetti Countdown Crowd Data DNA Earth Electric Car Explosion Family Film Burn Fire Fireworks Football Forest Glitch Golf Halloween Homeless Horror Hospital Ink Las Vegas Lightning London Loop Los Angeles Miami Money Moon New York City Ocean Prison Rain San Francisco Smoke Snow Soccer Space Stars Sunrise Underwater Vintage Washington DC Water Wedding Categories 360 VR Aerials Agriculture Animals Animation Archival Business Cities Education Fashion Food Green Screen Holidays Industry Lifestyle Medical Military Nature People Politics Religion Science Slow Motion Sports Technology Timelapse Transportation Urban Collections Trending Black is Beautiful Civil Rights Empty Cities Coronavirus Budget Friendly Business & Tech Lifestyle Nature Sports Aerials Aerials On A Budget City Aerials Nature Aerials People Aerials Archival Cities Family Nostalgia Space War Backgrounds Abstract Backgrounds Patterns Natural Backgrounds News Backgrounds Business & Tech Futuristic Tech Smart Home Social Technology Startup Cool Stuff Cinemagraphs Hyperlapse POV Top View Effects Double Exposure Explosions Glitch Effects Old Film Effects Mood Chaos Delight Mindfulness Power Nature Extreme Weather Landscapes Underwater Wildlife Animals People Explorers Family Time Love Portraits Visual Style Dark Hypnotic Liquid Neon View All Collections Music Sound Effects After Effects Images 3D Models Footage Footage Music Tracks Sound Effects After Effects Photos Illustrations Photoshop PSD 3D Search Input Visual Similarity Search Button Search en de en es fr pt ru Contact Us Pricing Join Now Log In Join Now Log In 0 Mobile navigation Save up to 20% on your first order • Apply &nbspHELLO20 Stunning stock video, a search away. Historic footage to connect past and present. Royalty-free music to create any mood. Sound effects to add depth to your project. After Effects templates to perfect your edit. Stock photos to set any scene. Illustrations that bring personality into design. Add an extra layer with Photoshop templates. Build dimension with 3D models. Save time and money with high-quality footage by professional artists from around the world. Everything from events, celebrities, and politics to vintage lifestyle, historical classics, and wartime imagery. Find the perfect intro and background music to complete your video, podcast, or streaming project. Amplify your video editing, podcast, or streaming project with royalty-free SFX cleared for action. Take your video project to the next level with ready-to-go transitions, motion graphics, and visual effects. Search millions of project-ready stock images shot by professional artists. Search illustrations and vectors to convey your message and connect with your audience. Explore customizable PSDs to highlight your brand, logo, or product in your graphic design. Make your project stand out with 3D characters, objects, environments, and animations. All Footage News & Archival Footage Music SFX More After Effects Photos Illustrations PSD 3D Models Search Input Visual Similarity Search Button Search Search Input Visual Similarity Search Button Footage Footage Music Tracks Sound Effects After Effects Photos Illustrations Photoshop PSD 3D Search Popular Visit the following keyword page - Timelapse Timelapse Visit the following keyword page - 4k 4k Visit the following keyword page - People People Visit the following keyword page - Clouds Clouds Visit the following keyword page - Fireworks Fireworks Visit the following keyword page - Space Space Visit the following keyword page - Election Election Visit the following keyword page - Reuters Reuters Visit the following keyword page - Retro Retro Visit the following keyword page - 1980s 1980s Visit the following keyword page - World War II World War II Visit the following keyword page - Protest Protest Visit the following keyword page - Moon Landing Moon Landing Visit the following keyword page - Background Background Visit the following keyword page - Inspirational Inspirational Visit the following keyword page - Corporate Corporate Visit the following keyword page - Trailer Trailer Visit the following keyword page - Happy Happy Visit the following keyword page - Hip Hop Hip Hop Visit the following keyword page - Whoosh Whoosh Visit the following keyword page - Wind Wind Visit the following keyword page - Explosion Explosion Visit the following keyword page - Thunder Thunder Visit the following keyword page - Cartoon Cartoon Visit the following keyword page - Horror Horror Visit the following keyword page - Trailers Trailers Visit the following keyword page - Lower Thirds Lower Thirds Visit the following keyword page - Logo Animation Logo Animation Visit the following keyword page - Openers Openers Visit the following keyword page - Wedding Wedding Visit the following keyword page - Presentation Presentation Visit the following keyword page - Family Family Visit the following keyword page - Money Money Visit the following keyword page - House House Visit the following keyword page - Office Office Visit the following keyword page - Background Background Visit the following keyword page - People People Visit the following keyword page - Abstract Abstract Visit the following keyword page - Calendar Calendar Visit the following keyword page - World Map World Map Visit the following keyword page - Computer Computer Visit the following keyword page - Texture Texture Visit the following keyword page - Social Media Social Media Visit the following keyword page - Design Design Visit the following keyword page - Green Screen Green Screen Visit the following keyword page - Flyer Flyer Visit the following keyword page - News Studio News Studio Visit the following keyword page - Website Website Visit the following keyword page - Lower Third Lower Third Visit the following keyword page - Airplane Airplane Visit the following keyword page - Human Human Visit the following keyword page - Building Building Visit the following keyword page - Earth Earth Visit the following keyword page - Furniture Furniture Visit the following keyword page - Military Military Hero video control See what’s playing Unmatched selection Since 2006, we've built a library of over 35 million videos shot by the world's most talented filmmakers. Here’s why that matters. Search that works Find the exact content you need with technology built for video. Get accurate, relevant results. Other marketplaces can't compete. Real humans, here to help. We're obsessed with keeping our customers and artists happy, and our 4.8 Trustpilot rating speaks for itself. See how we do it. We've got you covered Enjoy peace of mind with a stock video license that covers your needs and minimizes risk. Secure the best protection in the industry. NEW Pond5 Subscriptions! Access our entire library of royalty-free music and sound effects. Content to use in any project, worldwide for one unbeatable price. Music only, music & SFX, and multimedia options available. Learn more Handpicked For You Find inspiration inside our curated collections, built around concepts, aesthetics, trends, moods, and more. Explore All Collections > Springtime Golden Cities Space Psychedelia Teamwork FPV Drone Vegan 360 Landscape Handheld Baby Animals Vibrant Moments Human Touch Los Angeles Do it all with Pond5. Whether you're a filmmaker, podcaster, marketer, or student, you've got stories, and we'll help you tell them. Watch Creativity at Work 1 Find the perfect media for your project. Search, filter, save your favorites, download free previews. 2 Pay your way. Per item, credit pack, subscription—the choice is yours! 3 Download, create, inspire your audience. Yours to use forever across all platforms. Stock media is what we do. Endless creativity, prices for every budget. Find all the assets you need in one place. After Effects After Effects Stock Images Stock Images 3D Objects 3D Objects Footage Discover millions of clips shot by professional videographers from around the world. Our best-in-class search algorithm makes it easy to find the footage you need to complete your project. Starting at $25 Explore All Footage Adventure Aerials Animals Backgrounds Business Cities Family Nature Vintage Music Tracks Set the tone for your next project with the perfect background music or a track that takes center stage. Search by genre, mood, instrument, or keyword. Starting at $5 Explore All Music Energetic Piano Rock After Effects Templates Discover easy-to-use templates that save time and money. Perfect your edit with seamless transitions, animated copy, or a logo reveal. Starting at $5 Explore All AE Logos Slideshows Transitions Free Clip of the Week Find a new free clip right here every Monday, or create an account to have it delivered directly to your inbox! Want more? View the entire free collection. Download Free Clip Beautiful, happy girl lying on the grass looking the camera and smiling. Spring 00:24 Free Get More from Pond5 The Free Collection The Free Collection Experience Pond5 for free through our collection of complimentary HD & 4K stock footage videos, photos, and music tracks to inspire your audience. Explore Free Collection > Refer & Earn Referring your network to Pond5 is easy. No complicated credits or discounts on your next order—we’ll pay you for every purchase your referrals make! Start Referring > Credit Packs (Psst, this is our best deal!) Credit packs start at $250 and give you bonus credits to purchase more content. The more you spend, the more you save. Choose Your Pack > Explore the world around you. Discover captivating footage destined to transport your audience to any time and any place. Archival footage Connect past and present with vintage footage, including lifestyle shots, historical classics, and wartime imagery. View Archival > Editorial footage Find current events as they unfold, celebrities, politicians, historical events, and more. View Editorial > Pond5 Exclusive Footage Enrich your story with unique and relevant content you won’t find anywhere else. View Exclusive > What Our Artists Are Saying It’s always been our mission to help artists make a living doing what they love. With creators spread across every continent, find unique media from every corner of the globe. "Selling my music on Pond5 lets me focus on doing what I love—making music. I’m able to experiment with different genres and new ways to create tracks because Pond5 gives me access to such a diverse group of customers. The interface is easy to use, and their team is friendly and responsive." Diego Martínez Marscott Music Artist Chile "When I’m out shooting on location—whether in the deserts of Africa or the shorelines of Europe—I know I’ll be able to use the footage I capture to supplement my income and support my independent documentary filmmaking. I can honestly say I’ve been able to make my films because of my relationship with Pond5." Susan Scott Global_Focus Exclusive Video Artist & SFX Artist South Africa "Building a website and client base on your own can take a great deal of time, energy, and resources. By selling my footage exclusively on Pond5 for the past ten years, I’ve been able to access new markets and grow internationally while concentrating on doing what I love: being creative." David Serras Pereira JUMPCUTFILMS Exclusive Video Artist Portugal Interested in becoming a Pond5 Artist? Sell Your Media Don't take it from us. "Pond5 is my go-to stock site. They have the best prices, selection, and legal assurance. I love the detailed search filters, which can save me hours of looking for the right clip!" Alex Regalado Post Production Supervisor "Pond5’s ability to provide swift replies and custom solutions makes them feel like a direct extension of our team. Their dedicated support enables us to finish projects on a tight timeline." Amr El Massri Regional Director, Leap Studios "When I'm in the middle of production, I need media now! Whether it’s videos, music, sound effects, or photos, Pond5 always delivers. I have new content added to my project within 5 minutes." Glenn Christianson President, ChrisJan Music Visit Pond5's Trustpilot page We’ve got you covered. Focus on your project, and we’ll handle the rest. Our license is simple, comprehensive, and included in your purchase. Have questions? Contact us or see our Content License Agreement. Use forever royalty-free Worldwide distribution License included in purchase YouTube Facebook Instagram TikTok Twitter Vimeo Twitch Broadcast/OTT Film & TV Commercials Online Ads Websites Podcasts Weddings Games Marketing Non-Profits Email Blogs Presentations Start creating. Join now Frequently Asked Questions Need help with anything at all? Our customer service team is standing by and ready to help! Contact our Customer Service Team > What is Pond5? Pond5 is the world’s largest marketplace for HD & 4K stock video, plus millions of music tracks, SFX, motion graphics, and images, providing creators of all types with the content they need to improve their projects. We are driven by a commitment to our passionate and growing global community of more than 100,000 professional visual and audio artists, providing a platform where their creative work can flourish. How much does Pond5 cost? On Pond5, you have the choice to pay per item, purchase a prepaid credit pack, or pick a membership. Prices are set by our contributing artists and vary by media type. Video clips start at $25 and music tracks start at $5. Find more information about pricing for each media type on our Help Center. Does Pond5 require a subscription? Pond5 does not require a subscription! Many Pond5 customers have content needs that vary greatly from month to month. You’re always welcome to purchase one (or 100!) items at a time. If you purchase content frequently, a Subscription or Credit Pack may be a more convenient option for you. See our Pricing Page for more information. What is Pond5’s refund policy? If you’re not 100% satisfied, simply request a refund within 24 hours of purchase. What license is included with my purchase? All media types on Pond5 include our industry-leading Individual License. This license is royalty-free and can be used for personal or business projects with worldwide distribution. You can use any of your licensed media forever across an unlimited number of projects. For more information, view our Content License Agreement. If you have any questions about licensing, contact our Customer Support team at support@pond5.com. Where can I use Pond5 media? You can use Pond5 media in projects intended for any platform! Customers license Pond5 media for projects published on channels ranging from YouTube and Instagram to Netflix and Hulu. Whether you’re making a student project, a feature film, a podcast, or a videogame, Pond5 has you covered. For more information, view our Content License Agreement. If you have any questions about usage, contact our Customer Support team at support@pond5.com. Does Pond5 offer enterprise services? Yes! Designed for larger organizations, agencies, and production studios, Pond5 offers a suite of creative solutions, including personalized account management, free research assistance, and unwatermarked comp access. If you’re working on a large project or want a custom solution, contact our Creative Partners at +44 808 164 5550 (toll-free) or sales@pond5.com . How do I sell on Pond5? Visit our Sell Your Media page to sign up, upload your work, and start making money on Pond5. Is Pond5 safe? Pond5 is trusted by hundreds of thousands of artists and customers—from students to major film studios—to provide a completely safe and easy-to-use marketplace. When you’re looking to buy or sell stock media, it’s important to consider whether the site you’re browsing has thoroughly vetted the media they’re offering. Pond5 has a dedicated team of curators who review each file we receive, check for model and property releases, review trademark usage, and decide whether clips should be available for editorial or commercial use. As you browse on Pond5, rest assured the content you find is authentic and safe to use in your projects. If you have any questions or concerns, contact our Customer Support team at support@pond5.com. More questions? Email us at support@pond5.com Deutsch Español Français Português Русский Need help? Contact our creative partners at +44 808 164 5550 (toll-free) Select a language Deutsch English Español Français Português Русский Select a currency U.S. dollars ($) Australian dollars (AUD $) Brazilian reais (R$) British pounds (£) Canadian dollars (CAD $) Chinese yuan (¥) Czech korunas (Kč) Euros (€) Japanese yen (¥) New Taiwan dollars (NT$) Polish zloty (zł) Singapore dollars (SGD $) Swedish kronor (kr) Swiss francs (Fr.) Company About Us Legal Careers Help Contact us Help Center Accessibility Media type Footage Music After Effects Sound Effects Photos Illustrations 3D Models Featured collections Visit the following collection page - Exclusive Exclusive Visit the following collection page - Editorial Editorial Visit the following collection page - Archival Archival Visit the following collection page - Red Red Visit the following collection page - Dji Dji Visit the following collection page - Free Media Free Media Buyer Resources Pricing Best price guarantee Our Licenses Credit packs Subscriptions Enterprise Free project help Contributor Sell Your Media Pond5 Forums Contributor Portal Services & Tools Free Tools Pond5 API Community Refer & Earn Blog Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Linkedin © 2024 Pond5 Inc. | Your Privacy Rights Pond5 is a Shutterstock brand Visit Pond5's Trustpilot page x#{title}#{text} Close