Newsweek - News, Analysis, Politics, Business, Technology U.S.WorldScienceHealthLifeRankingsOpinionEntertainmentFact CheckMy TurnEducation Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Subscribe for $1Login × Subscribe for $1 Login U.S. World Science Health Life Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Top StorySupreme Court's Ballot Ruling Wasn't a Home Run for Donald TrumpTue, Mar 05, 2024 By Katherine Fung 3 MIN READ News Nikki Haley Blasts Trump for Claiming to Be 'Victim' After Lawsuit Losses By Aila Slisco 1 MIN READ Politics Supreme Court's Quiet Division on Trump Ballot Case By Katherine Fung 3 MIN READ World China Debuts Drone Game-Changer By John Feng 2 MIN READ News Democrats Eye New Way to Get Trump Off Ballot After Supreme Court Loss By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ The Daily Debate The Supreme Court Just Demanded Trump Be on the Ballot. Is the Ruling a Win for Democracy—or Its Death Knell? The Supreme Court Must Not Be the Final Word on Disqualifying Trump By Claudine Schneider The Supreme Court Has Restored Order. Lincoln Would Be Proud By Mark R. Weaver Top stories TrendingOpinionTop Stories Hospital Sees Surge in Migrants With Brain Injuries From Border Wall FallsThe numbers of migrants suffering injuries from climbing the southern border wall has risen in recent years, according to doctors in San Diego. By Nick Mordowanec 3 MIN READ Trump Fights Gag Order in Hush Money Case By Kaitlin Lewis 3 MIN READ US to Sell Off Entire Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve By Aleks Phillips 2 MIN READ Greg Abbott Touts 'Huge News' About Texas Border By Thomas Kika 2 MIN READ How Some Top Hospitals Cut CO2 to Cure the Health Sector's Climate Impact By Jeff Young 7 MIN READ TRENDINGIsrael at WarVladimir PutinRussia-Ukraine WarDonald Trump Newsletter World in Brief Kamala Harris Demands 'Immediate' Ceasefire in Gaza Republicans Blast 'Swamp's' Spending After Congress Unveils 6 Funding Bills US-Russia Great Power Contest 'Doesn't Help' Pivotal Peace Talks Florida's Housing Market Is in Trouble How to Fix Social Security, According to Retirement Expert Featured Content World in BriefWelcome to the Bulletin,Mass casualty at US-Mexico Border: At least 10 migrants were injured after falling from the border wall in California, prompting the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department to declare a "mass casualty" incident. Find out more.Trump rages at Nikki: Donald Trump has lashed out at "Birdbrain" Nikki Haley following her victory in the Republican primary in Washington D.C. Read more.California mass shooting: At least four people were killed in a shooting during a house party in California, where three people in dark clothing and masks opened fire. Know more about the incident.Chris Mortensen dead at 72: Award-winning journalist Chris Mortensen, who spent more than three decades covering the NFL for ESPN, died on Sunday morning, his family announced. He was 72. Watch the NFL's tribute to Mortensen.In the ongoing war in Ukraine, Ukraine has taken out 14 Russian jets in two weeks, according to figures from Kyiv's air force, taking punishing losses to its aerial fleet even as Moscow's ground forces push westward across the frontlines in the war-torn country. If you like this newsletter, please share it. If you've been forwarded this email, you can sign up here. If you have any story tips, feedback or ideas for what we should do next, please email Emeri B. Montgomery. We appreciate your feedback and you starting your day with us. Kamala Harris Demands 'Immediate' Ceasefire in Gaza TL/DR: “Let's get a ceasefire. Let's reunite the hostages with their families. And let's provide immediate relief to the people of Gaza,” Vice President Kamala Harris said.Vice President Kamala Harris demanded that Israeli officials and leaders of Hamas come to an agreement that would begin an "immediate" six-week ceasefire in Gaza. She called for a pause in the ongoing war during a speech in Selma, Alabama on Sunday, marking the anniversary of the civil rights march later referred to as "Bloody Sunday."Why it matters: Following 150 days of war, the mounting Palestinian civilian death toll has ignited international calls for a ceasefire and have heightened pressure on the Biden administration to take a tougher line on Israel. In recent months, Biden and Harris have been more vocal in criticizing Israel, with the president publicly rifting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as Israeli officials dismissed Washington's calls for Palestinian sovereignty following an end to the conflict in Gaza.Read more in-depth coverage:Biden Hopeful Ceasefire in Gaza Just Days AwayPrince William Takes On NetanyahuJoe Biden Has 'Major Concerns' Among Democrats, Ex-Kamala Harris Aide Warns What happens now? Benny Gantz, a member of Israel's wartime cabinet and political rival of Netanyahu, is scheduled to meet with Harris and U.S. national security adviser Jake Sullivan in Washington today, the AP reported. On Tuesday, Gantz is slated to speak with Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Republicans Blast 'Swamp's' Spending After Congress Unveils 6 Funding Bills TL/DR: “House Republicans secured key conservative policy victories, rejected left-wing proposals, and imposed sharp cuts to agencies and programs critical to President Biden's agenda,” said House Speaker Mike Johnson.Republican lawmakers expressed outrage on social media after congressional leaders revealed a bipartisan package of six government spending bills totaling $460 billion, aimed at funding federal agencies for a full year.Why it matters: The package—which comes after months of contentious negotiations, political infighting and stopgap measures to narrowly avert looming shutdowns—is the product of a deal struck by House Speaker Mike Johnson and other members of Congress. Congress has failed for months to approve a federal funding package for the 2024 fiscal year, which began October 1, 2023. To keep the government open, Johnson passed multiple short-term funding bills. While Democrats see the bill package as a victory, several Republican lawmakers slammed the package and spending levels.Read more in-depth coverage: Joe Manchin Has a Plan for Congress Pay: Need to 'Inspire Them'House Democratic Caucus Chair Warns of Possible March Government ShutdownFull List of Republicans Who Voted Against Averting Government Shutdown What happens now? Congress has until 12:01 a.m. Saturday to prevent a partial government shutdown for the agencies covered in the bill package. Congressional leaders plan to vote on the package this week and continue talks on the other six budget bills with a March 22 deadline. US-Russia Great Power Contest 'Doesn't Help' Pivotal Peace Talks TL/DR: "We should not look at it as if it was a competition between the Americans and Russians. Both of them can do something helpful. But it should not become part of a manipulation," Azerbaijan's ambassador to the U.K., Elin Suleymanov told Newsweek.There is no space for U.S.-Russian competition in ongoing peace negotiations between Azerbaijan and Armenia amid deadly border tensions and significant regional turbulence, Azerbaijan's ambassador to the U.K., Elin Suleymanov has warned.Why it matters: The South Caucasus region, where Azerbaijan and Armenia reside, is strategically significant and has been undergoing a "geopolitical transformation" in the aftermath of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Welcoming an honest broker with open arms, Suleymanov says any manipulation of peace talks to pursue own interests or confrontations with other states, from either the U.S. or Russia, "doesn't help anybody, including the Armenians."Read more in-depth coverage: US 'Lopsided' in Clout Contest with RussiaRussia Presses Neighbor Over Exit From Putin's 'Mini-NATO'Where's Nagorno-Karabakh? Azerbaijan Eyes Russia Ally in 'Special Operation' What happens now? A State Department spokesperson told Newsweek the U.S. stands “ready to help facilitate this process." Azerbaijan still occupies some 85 square miles of internationally recognized territory and has not heeded European or U.S. calls to withdraw. Tensions over the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic exclave, southwest of Armenia, have prompted Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan to warn of an ‘imminent Azerbaijani invasion'. Florida's Housing Market Is in Trouble TL/DR: "We must determine whether this trend [lower sales] is sustained or just a short run, because Florida has one of the fastest job creation and population additions among all states," Lawrence Yun, the National Association of Realtors’ chief economist, told Newsweek.Condo sales in Florida have dramatically fallen in recent weeks, even as some of the state's major metros are seeing a plunge in home sales and prices. In Jacksonville, the number of sales dropped by over 27% in January compared to one year ago, Redfin data shows.Why it matters: The ongoing insurance crisis in the state and higher fees associated with condos are to blame, the National Association of Realtors' chief economist Lawrence Yun told Newsweek. The cost of home insurance in Florida was about $6,000 in 2023– the highest average premium in the country– Insurance Information Institute (Triple-I) data shows. Still, the state's home prices are rising because supply remains low.Read more in-depth coverage:Florida Condo Prices Drop as Insurance Crisis DeepensSurprise Property Taxes Would Be Stopped Under New Florida BillFlorida Homeowners Are Desperately Trying to Move Out What happens now? Moody's Analytics housing economist Matt Walsh told Newsweek that low affordability and lean supply will remain the dominant forces in Florida's housing market over 2024. How to Fix Social Security, According to Retirement Expert TL/DR: "It's understandable why people would be concerned about their future Social Security benefits, as Congress is not going to remedy the problems proactively,” Retirement specialist Burt Williamson told Newsweek.The Social Security Administration's (SSA) reserves could run out within the next decade unless major action is taken, PlanPrep retirement specialist Burt Williamson warns. The government agency is approaching a situation similar to that of 1983 when funding was almost depleted, resulting in significant but quick reforms.Why it matters: Reforms under Reagan in 1983 aimed to secure Social Security's solvency until 2060. A bipartisan commission recommended measures like raising payroll taxes, including government employees in Social Security, and increasing the retirement age to 67 by 2022 for those born in 1960 or later. However, the American Academy of Actuaries (AAA) now predicts SSA's trust fund to dry up by 2034, with lawmakers having only 10 years to fix the problem.Read more in-depth coverage: When Are March 2024 Social Security Payments Coming?Republican Voters Oppose Closed-Door Social Security ReformSocial Security Faces New Pressure After Seniors Get Shocking Bills What happens now? While a complete halt in benefit payments is unlikely, without action, the SSA will only have enough income from payroll taxes to cover roughly 80% of benefits. Williamson recommends three key areas in which the government can avoid cutting benefits to current claimants, also predicting that a new commission, like 1983, will be set up to avert the looming crisis.Featured ContentVital Ocean Current May Be Approaching Ruinous Tipping PointA major current that runs the length of the Atlantic Ocean and plays an important role in the planet's climate may be approaching a tipping point that would lead to its collapse, researchers have suggested.The Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC) is a current that carries warm water north and cool water south, and is part of a network of currents across the world's oceans that influences global weather patterns and temperatures.But due to increases in freshwater entering the Atlantic and warming temperatures, the volume of water the AMOC transports is dropping and is "currently in its weakest state in over a millennium," according to a paper published in Science Advances at the start of February. The Full STORY Trending Golden Retriever Known to Eat Scraps at McDonald's Finds Forever Home By Maura Zurick 1 MIN READ Golden Retriever Known to Eat Scraps at McDonald's Finds Forever Home By Maura Zurick 1 MIN READ Cruise Rescues Boat of People Lost at Sea for 8 Days By Nick Mordowanec 2 MIN READ Florida's Housing Market Is in Trouble By Giulia Carbonaro 3 MIN READ US to Sell Off Entire Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve By Aleks Phillips 2 MIN READ Donald Trump Rages at Nikki Haley After Losing Washington, D.C. Primary By Ewan Palmer 2 MIN READ Everything the Palace Said About Kate Middleton's Health, So Far By James Crawford-Smith 4 MIN READ Boy Storms Out the House With Baby Sister After Mom Does the Unthinkable By Alyce Collins 2 MIN READ Tesla Cybertruck Suffers 'Catastrophic Failure' With Family Inside By Chloe Mayer 2 MIN READOpinion No, the Supreme Court Isn't 'Interfering' in the Presidential Election By Steve Marshall America's Failed 'War on Terror' Has Left Africa on the Brink of Chaos By Christine Odera A Bipartisan Opportunity To Address the Affordable Housing Crisis By Henry Cisneros and Steve Stivers There's No Quick Fix When It Comes to Mental Health Care By Tamir Aldad Online Age Verification Laws Are a Bet Worth Making By Michael Toscano America's Loneliness Epidemic Hits Kids Hardest By Joe Waters Why U.S. Troops Should Remain in Syria By John Fenzel Ukraine's Third Year of War Could Be Its Toughest Yet By Daniel R. DePetris Trump's Fainthearted SCOTUS Picks Could Doom Him in DC Election Case By Josh Hammer Trump is Gaining with Latinos Because He Delivered the America Dream By Monica De La Cruz The Debate The Supreme Court Must Not Be the Final Word on Disqualifying Trump | Opinion By Claudine Schneider VS The Supreme Court Has Restored Order in a Chaotic Time. Lincoln Would Be Proud | Opinion By Mark R. Weaver Trump is Gaining with Latinos Because He Delivered the America Dream | Opinion By Monica De La Cruz VS Why the Politics of Republican Latinos Suggests They Want To Be White | Opinion By Efrén Pérez Mass Amnesty for Illegal Migrants Would Be a Disaster | Opinion By Paul du Quenoy VS Biden Needs to Do the Right Thing and Offer Amnesty to Undocumented Workers | Opinion By Sergio Suárez and Pedro Zamora Alabama Embryo Ruling Brings Much-Needed Regulation to Fertility Industry | Opinion By Emma Waters VS Embryos Are Kids? Judicial Tyranny and Justice in the Name of Jesus | Opinion By Melina Cohen Why the World Hasn't Ended Before Now and What's Changed | Opinion By Jason Fields VS There's an Upside to all this Geopolitical Chaos–Yes, Really | Opinion By Anna Rosenberg GOP Rep: Biden Must Be Charged or Removed. There Is No Middle Ground | Opinion By Claudia Tenney VS No, the 25th Amendment Can't Be Used to Remove Biden, Despite the Hur Report | Opinion By Danny Cevallos Trump 2.0 Is Exactly What Conservatives Should Want | Opinion By Jonathan Tobin VS A Second Trump Term Should Worry Conservatives—A Lot | Opinion By Scott Morefield Actually, Partisanship Is Good—When the Other Side Is Today's Insane GOP | Opinion By David Faris VS How To Be an Anti-Partisan | Opinion By William Cooper Women's Sports Are Under Threat at Every Level—Including the Olympics | Opinion By Jocelyne Lamoureux, Monique Lamoureux, and Jennifer C. Braceras VS The Bill To Ban Trans Athletes in Olympics Is Shameful | Opinion By Frankie Perez Legislating the Future—Safeguarding Creativity in the Age of AI | Opinion By Stacy Whittle VS Boomers in Congress Are About to Outlaw Memes | Opinion By Brad Polumbo Russia-Ukraine War Valuable Russian Military Documents Exposed: Report By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ Valuable Russian Military Documents Exposed: Report By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ French President Walks Back Comments on Sending Troops to Ukraine By Maura Zurick 2 MIN READ Explosion Hits Bridge Used by Military Deep Inside Russia, Kyiv Confirms By Isabel van Brugen 2 MIN READ 'Ukraine Is, of Course, Russia:' Putin Ally By Brendan Cole 2 MIN READ Ukraine Strikes Targets in Crimea, Eliminates 1,150 Russian Troops: KyivKyiv claims to have eliminated a total of 417,950 Russian troops from battle since the invasion began on February 24, 2022. By Aila Slisco 2 MIN READ TRENDING In Russia-Ukraine WarRussiaVladimir PutinVolodymyr Zelensky NewsletterThe Josh Hammer ReportGet the latest opinions from our Senior Editor-at-Large and more from today's top conservative minds. sign up NewsletterThe frontlinesIn-depth coverage of The New World Order sign up Entertainment 'SNL' Turns on Joe BidenThe sketch show is known for its Donald Trump-bashing, but it took aim at Biden's age and mental fitness in Saturday's cold open. By Sophie Lloyd 3 MIN READ 'Wheel of Fortune' Winner Infuriates Viewers By Sophie Lloyd 2 MIN READ 'Wheel of Fortune' Winner Infuriates Viewers By Sophie Lloyd 2 MIN READ Taylor Swift's Viral K-Pop Photo Leaves People 'Crying' By Shannon Power 1 MIN READ Bono's Jill Biden Comment Slammed By Shannon Power 2 MIN READ 'Beautiful' Tribute to Chris Mortensen Goes Viral By Shannon Power 2 MIN READ TRENDING In EntertainmentInterviewRoyal FamilyDisneyParting Shot podcastThe Josh Hammer ShowPolitics, law, and culture collide as Newsweek Senior Editor-at-Large Josh Hammer charts a path forward for American conservatism and exposes the woke Left. listen newsletterFor The CultureFor the Culture newsletter is your weekly resource in TV, music, movies and celebrity life to keep you in the know. sign up My Turn I survived FGM and child marriage. I have a real problem with NGOs By Jaha Dukureh 8 MIN READ I survived FGM and child marriage. I have a real problem with NGOs By Jaha Dukureh 8 MIN READ I was determined to cure my daughter. But I learned a powerful lesson By Jessica Fein 4 MIN READ Dad was dying. His shocking confession solved an infamous crime By Ashley Randele 7 MIN READ I'm hunting for Nazi U-boats loaded with looted treasure By Darrell Miklos 7 MIN READ In Wendy Williams I saw my father's shattering diagnosisPart of me felt crushed that I had not been able to save him from the consequences of the disease of alcoholism. By Virginia Jeffries 5 MIN READ Life & Trends Mom's Agony for Daughter Stuck as a 'Forever Toddler' After Rare DiagnosisIn the hopes of finding a cure for Sanfillipo Syndrome, Olivia Stoop's parents have raised over $423,000 for clinical trials. By Lucy Notarantonio 6 MIN READ Woman Invests in Dental Hygiene Tool, Not Prepared for 'Violence' By Melissa Fleur Afshar 2 MIN READ Woman Invests in Dental Hygiene Tool, Not Prepared for 'Violence' By Melissa Fleur Afshar 2 MIN READ KFC Worker's First Day on Job Takes Bizarre Turn: 'Never Get Over This' By Alice Gibbs 2 MIN READ Boy Storms Out the House With Baby Sister After Mom Does the Unthinkable By Alyce Collins 2 MIN READ Dog Faking Injury to Get Treats Quickly Realizes He's Overplayed His Hand By Soo Kim 3 MIN READ Donald Trump On Supreme Court's Ruling: 'Very Well Crafted' Mar 4, 2024 00:56 Joe Biden Receives Ominous Election News Out Of Texas Mar 4, 2024 01:04 Supreme Court Rules Trump Can Appear On Colorado Ballot Mar 4, 2024 00:54 In the magazine See All FeaturesMarch 15 issue How AI Will Help the World's Top Hospital CEOs Transform Health Care World's Best Hospitals 2024 These Are the 10 Best Hospitals in the World Navalny's Prison Interview Revealed: 'I Do Not Believe in Death' How Xi's 'Thought Eradication' Led to China's Uyghur 'Genocide' REGISTER NOW A Newsweek conference. June 3rd, San Diego. The new era of life sciences.News & insights delivered dailySee why nearly half million subscribers begin their day with our newsletter. Sign Up SPONSORED INSIGHT İstanbul is the New Cool SPONSORED INSIGHT Japan’s Construction SMEs Navigate Changing Demographics Podcasts SCOTUS Is Now Front and Center for the 2024 Presidential ElectionJosh explains all you need to know about the U.S. Supreme Court expediting its hearing on former President Trump's claim of immunity in Jack Smith's election case, gives his hot take on Mitch McConnell finally stepping aside as Senate GOP leader, explains the recent media-manufactured IVF "controversy" in Alabama, and more. Premium Subscription Digital + Monthly Newsweek magazine delivered to your doorNewsweek Voices: Diverse audio opinionsEnjoy ad-free browsing on Newsweek.comComment on articlesNewsweek app updates on-the-go Subscribe now Newsweek Voices: Diverse audio opinionsEnjoy ad-free browsing on Newsweek.comComment on articlesNewsweek app updates on-the-goHome delivery option available Subscribe now Editor's Picks Donald Trump's Four Word Reaction After Supreme Court RulingThe Supreme Court ruling overturns a previous Colorado decision that was viewed by Trump and his supporters as highly partisan. By Nick Mordowanec 1 MIN READ Mass Casualty Incident at US-Mexico BorderMigrants have been injured after falling from a wall at the US-Mexico border. By Khaleda Rahman 1 MIN READ Joe Biden Receives Ominous Election News Out of Texas By Ewan Palmer 2 MIN READ SNAP Benefits Receive a Lifeline By Aliss Higham 2 MIN READ Royal Caribbean Sued Over Cruise Ship Passenger Allegedly Left to Die By Khaleda Rahman 4 MIN READ U.S. Greg Abbott stung by Supreme Court order over borderThe Texas governor had signed new legislation allowing state law enforcement to detain anyone suspected of entering the state illegally. By James Bickerton 1 MIN READ Trump-appointed judges shut down Florida's 'Stop Woke Act' By Thomas Kika 2 MIN READ Hidden change in Supreme Court Trump ruling raises eyebrows By Natalie Venegas 3 MIN READ Millions may qualify for free retirement money By Suzanne Blake 2 MIN READ Republican makes demand for Biden's State of the Union address By Thomas Kika 1 MIN READ World Ukraine sees Europe helping fill the gap left by stalled US aid By Kaitlin Lewis 2 MIN READ Major Russian military tactic failing in Ukraine: UK By Kaitlin Lewis 1 MIN READ Video shows Russia destroy second US-made Abrams tank in a week By Kaitlin Lewis 2 MIN READ South Korea's spy satellite begins watching Kim Jong Un's North By Micah McCartney 2 MIN READ Ukraine drones learning to dodge Russian EW signal jammers"FPV drones have proven to be an effective weapon," a Ukrainian commander previously told Newsweek. By Ellie Cook 3 MIN READ Business Stimulus check update: Residents in one state to get $1,312 March paymentSince federal stimulus payments ended in 2021, many Americans have been wondering if a new check is around the corner in 2024. By Suzanne Blake 2 MIN READ Father evicted after breaking up with girlfriend of 20 years By Suzanne Blake 3 MIN READ Massive layoffs are coming to these 3 states By Alexander Fabino 4 MIN READ Millennial pays off $117,000 student debt in 3 years: "Process is simple" By Suzanne Blake 4 MIN READ Thousands of California homeowners to lose their insurance By Suzanne Blake 2 MIN READ Tech & Science New species of giant ancient sea lizard with 'dagger-like teeth' found By Aristos Georgiou 4 MIN READ Mercury levels in tuna aren't decreasing By Robyn White 3 MIN READ Simple, low-cost treatment staves off tooth decay in kids By Pandora Dewan 2 MIN READ Strange seismic signals lead to discovery of upside-down ocean crust By Robyn White 2 MIN READ Archaeologists find evidence ancient Maya drank tobacco in healing ritualsVessels found in an ancient city revealed nicotine traces indicating they once contained liquid preparations of tobacco. By Aristos Georgiou 2 MIN READ Sports NCAA Tournament bubble watch: 3 risers, fallers to watch on men's sideSelection Sunday is less than two weeks away, leaving little time for tournament hopefuls to make their March Madness cases. By Robert Read 4 MIN READ Jason Kelce's success with 'New Heights' gives him media retirement options By Thomas Westerholm 2 MIN READ Golden retriever rocks yellow and purple fur to support favorite team By Liz O'Connell 2 MIN READ Travis Kelce's questionable interview highlights an imperfect combine truth By Joe Kozlowski 4 MIN READ Jason Kelce retired like he played—on his own terms, with emotion By Thomas Westerholm 3 MIN READ Expert Forum Why Do We Accept Infinite Stars, but Can't Resist a Wet Paint Sign? By Martin Lindstrom 2 MIN READ Vision-Setting: How to Set Yourself Up for a Successful Year Ahead By Sheena Meade 4 MIN READ Global Cannabis Outlook: Worldwide Developments in 2024 By Shawna Seldon McGregor 4 MIN READ Harnessing the Potential of Human Creativity in the Digital Era By Par Chadha 4 MIN READ Caring for People as Part of a Sound Business StrategyThese four points are what I mean when I tell you caring for people as a business strategy is a successful one. By Ajit Prabhu 4 MIN READ Newsweek Leadership By Nancy Cooper Global Editor in Chief What is fair reporting? We asked our readers to tell us By Dev Pragad Owner, President and CEO Celebrating Newsweek's remarkable year By Nancy Cooper Global Editor in Chief When fairness is no longer a doctrine, it must be a practice By Kevin Gentzel Global Chief Commercial & Growth Officer Reinventing The Homepage: Unleashing Its Critical Role In The Future Of Pub U.S. World Science Health Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Trending Israel at War Vladimir Putin Russia-Ukraine War Donald Trump Subscriptions Digital+ Monthly (Ad Free Trial) $1.00 Digital+ Yearly $49.00 Premium Monthly $9.99 Premium Yearly $99 U.S. World Science Health Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Trending Israel at War Vladimir Putin Russia-Ukraine War Donald Trump Subscriptions Digital+ Monthly (Ad Free Trial) $1.00 Digital+ Yearly $49.00 Premium Monthly $9.99 Premium Yearly $99 In The Magazine March 15 2024 Issue In The Magazine March 15 2024 Issue Newsletters in your inbox See all The Bulletin (Mondays to Fridays) See Sample The Gist of It (Daily) The Josh Hammer Report (Wednesdays) See Sample The Frontlines (Thursdays) See Sample Israel at War (Tuesdays and Thursdays) For The Culture (Tuesdays and Thursdays) See Sample Pawsitively (Mondays to Fridays) Better Planet (Mondays) My Turn (Sundays) Sign up now You can unsubscribe at any time. By signing up you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Company About Us Masthead Diversity Announcements Archive Policies and Standards Mission Statement Leadership Newsletters Press Center Editions: U.S. Edition 日本 Polska România Contact Advertise Careers Contact Us Corrections Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Terms of Sale GDPR Privacy Settings Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2024 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC