Cloud Object Storage - Amazon S3 - AWS Skip to main content Click here to return to Amazon Web Services homepage Contact Us Support English My Account Sign In Create an AWS Account Products Solutions Pricing Documentation Learn Partner Network AWS Marketplace Customer Enablement Events Explore More Close عربي Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ρусский ไทย 日本語 한국어 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) Close My Profile Sign out of AWS Builder ID AWS Management Console Account Settings Billing & Cost Management Security Credentials AWS Personal Health Dashboard Close Support Center Expert Help Knowledge Center AWS Support Overview AWS re:Post Click here to return to Amazon Web Services homepage Get Started for Free Contact Us Products Solutions Pricing Introduction to AWS Getting Started Documentation Training and Certification Developer Center Customer Success Partner Network AWS Marketplace Support AWS re:Post Log into Console Download the Mobile App Amazon S3 Overview Features Storage classes Pricing Security Resources FAQs Close Access Grants Access Points Batch Operations Block Public Access Cost Optimization Mountpoint Multi-Region Access Points Object Lambda Object Lock Replication Storage Lens S3 on Outposts More features Close Getting started Videos Customers More resources Close S3 Intelligent-Tiering S3 Express One Zone S3 Glacier S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval More storage classes « Storage Amazon S3 Object storage built to retrieve any amount of data from anywhere Get Started with Amazon S3 Connect with an Amazon S3 specialist 5 GB of S3 standard storage for 12 months with the AWS Free Tier Scale storage resources to meet fluctuating needs with 99.999999999% (11 9s) of data durability. Store data across Amazon S3 storage classes to reduce costs without upfront investment or hardware refresh cycles. Protect your data with unmatched security, compliance, and audit capabilities. Easily manage data at any scale with robust access controls, flexible replication tools, and organization-wide visibility. How it works Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service offering industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. Customers of all sizes and industries can store and protect any amount of data for virtually any use case, such as data lakes, cloud-native applications, and mobile apps. With cost-effective storage classes and easy-to-use management features, you can optimize costs, organize data, and configure fine-tuned access controls to meet specific business, organizational, and compliance requirements. Enlarge and read image description. Close The diagram shows how to move data to Amazon S3, manage stored data in Amazon S3, and analyze data with other services. Three sections display from left to right. The first section has an illustration of a database, a server, and a document. The first section is titled "Move data." The first section says, "Move your data to Amazon S3 from wherever it lives – in the cloud, in applications, or on-premises." Nearby icons show different types of data: "analytics data," "log files," "application data," "video and pictures," and "backup and archival." The second section has an illustration of an empty bucket. The second section is titled "Amazon S3." The second section says, "Object storage built to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere." The second section has more text under the heading "Store data." The text says, "Create bucket, specify the Region, access controls, and management options. Upload any amount of data." A nearby illustration shows a bucket that contains a square, a circle, and a triangle. The second section also has icons that show Amazon S3 features. The features are "Control access to data," "Optimize cost with storage classes," "Replicate data to any Region," "Access from on-premises or VPC," "Protect and secure your data," and "Gain visibility into your storage." The third section is titled "Analyze data." The third section says, "Use AWS and third-party services to analyze your data to gain insights." Nearby icons show ways of analyzing data: "artificial intelligence (AI)," "advanced analytics," and "machine learning (ML)." Was the How does Amazon S3 work helpful? Feedback Close Thank you for your feedback Feedback helps us improve our experience. If you would like to share more details on the feedback, please click the feedback button below. Feedback Use cases Build a data lake Run big data analytics, artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and high performance computing (HPC) applications to unlock data insights. Learn more about building a data lake on Amazon S3 » Back up and restore critical data Meet Recovery Time Objectives (RTO), Recovery Point Objectives (RPO), and compliance requirements with S3’s robust replication features. Learn more about backup and restore » Archive data at the lowest cost Move data archives to the Amazon S3 Glacier storage classes to lower costs, eliminate operational complexities, and gain new insights. Learn more about archiving with the S3 Glacier storage classes » Run cloud-native applications Build fast, powerful mobile and web-based cloud-native apps that scale automatically in a highly available configuration. Learn more about cloud-native applications » Customers NASCAR modernizes multi-PB media archive at speed with Amazon S3 » Snap optimizes cost savings while storing 2 exabytes - over 1.5 trillion photos and videos - on Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval » Shutterstock transforms IT and saves 60% on storage costs with Amazon S3 » Runtastic saves €300,000, stays on track for growth using Amazon S3 » How to get started Find out how Amazon S3 works Learn more about analytics, data management, query in place, storage classes, security, and more. Explore Amazon S3 features » Sign up for a free account Pay nothing or try for free while learning the fundamentals and building on AWS. Try the AWS Free Tier » Connect with an expert From development to enterprise-level programs, get the right support at the right time. Explore support options » Explore more of AWS Sign In to the Console Learn About AWS What Is AWS? What Is Cloud Computing? AWS Inclusion, Diversity & Equity What Is DevOps? What Is a Container? What Is a Data Lake? What is Generative AI? AWS Cloud Security What's New Blogs Press Releases Resources for AWS Getting Started Training and Certification AWS Solutions Library Architecture Center Product and Technical FAQs Analyst Reports AWS Partners Developers on AWS Developer Center SDKs & Tools .NET on AWS Python on AWS Java on AWS PHP on AWS JavaScript on AWS Help Contact Us Get Expert Help File a Support Ticket AWS re:Post Knowledge Center AWS Support Overview Legal AWS Careers Create an AWS Account Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. Language عربي Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ρусский ไทย 日本語 한국어 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) Privacy | Site Terms | Cookie Preferences | © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Ending Support for Internet Explorer Got it AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari. Learn more » Got it