Philip Morris International | Delivering a Smoke-Free Future Skip link Delivering a Smoke-Free Future About us About us overview Corporate governance Our leadership team Our views and standards Diversity, equity, and inclusion Media center Our business Our business overview PMI’s smoke-free products Suppliers Illicit trade prevention FAQ Our transformation Our transformation overview Our smoke-free vision Our multicategory approach Leaders of change Voices of Change Projects with a heart Our science Our science overview Tobacco harm reduction Assessing product health impacts Investor Relations Investor Relations Overview Press releases & events Stock, dividends & bonds Reports & Filings Frequently asked questions Contacts Sustainability Sustainability overview Sustainability resources Integrated report Case studies & market stories News and topics All reports Careers Careers overview Job opportunities Our people & culture Students & graduates Areas of work Equal Pay PMI Global PMI Global PMI Global Market search View all Search input Back About us Our business Our transformation Our science Investor Relations Sustainability Careers PMI Global PMI Global Market search View all About us About us overview Corporate governance Our leadership team Our views and standards Diversity, equity, and inclusion Media center Our business Our business overview PMI’s smoke-free products Suppliers Illicit trade prevention FAQ Our transformation Our transformation overview Our smoke-free vision Our multicategory approach Leaders of change Voices of Change Projects with a heart Our science Our science overview Tobacco harm reduction Assessing product health impacts Investor Relations Investor Relations Overview Press releases & events Stock, dividends & bonds Reports & Filings Frequently asked questions Contacts Sustainability Sustainability overview Sustainability resources Integrated report Case studies & market stories News and topics All reports Careers Careers overview Job opportunities Our people & culture Students & graduates Areas of work Equal Pay Close Market Americas Africa Europe Middle East Asia - Pacific Argentina Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Dominican Republic Ecuador Guatemala Mexico Panama Peru Venezuela Algeria Egypt La Reunion Morocco Senegal South Africa Tunisia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hungary Italy Latvia Lithuania Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Türkiye UK Ukraine Israel Jordan Lebanon Türkiye United Arab Emirates Australia China Georgia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Russia Singapore Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Delivering a smoke-free future We’re building PMI’s future on smoke-free products that—while not risk-free—are a far better choice than cigarette smoking. 2 min read Find out more Integrated Report 2022 PMI is transforming for good Read more PMI announces ambition to become a more than two-thirds majority smoke-free company by 2030 4 min read Discover more Choice is key to helping every adult smoker quit cigarettes Find out more IQOS, our heated tobacco product, replaces Marlboro as the leading brand in our portfolio The flagship smoke-free innovation has surpassed our best-selling cigarette brand to become the premium nicotine brand globally less than a decade since its launch, demonstrating the progress we’re making as we move away from cigarettes. 3 min read Read more Our Science Cutting-edge research and technology A demand for less harmful alternatives 4 min read What is tobacco harm reduction? 7 min read The problem with burning Exploring the science behind combustion. 3 min read Learn all about it The role of nicotine What is nicotine and how is it linked to tobacco? 0:57 to watch Watch the video In the news PMI receives fourth consecutive CDP 'triple-A' rating for its sustainability leadership PMI's action on climate change, protecting forests, and water security has been recognized by the environmental charity for the fourth year running. Read more Rethink Disruption: The emergence of the Fifth Estate and the progress it can drive for society PMI’s new white paper explores the better future society can deliver if the Fifth Estate—powered by individual voices and digital technologies—is embraced as a force for good by governments, businesses, policymakers, and NGOs. Read more Philip Morris International included in Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the first time PMI was also included in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Composite Index for the fourth consecutive year, and it was also awarded “Prime” status in the ISS ESG Corporate Rating. Read more Public calls on their governments to embrace science-based solutions for adult smokers—and act faster New international survey reveals growing impatience among the public toward their governments’ tobacco policy approach. Read more The faster PMI moves away from cigarettes, the more we're being silenced Jacek Olczak’s appearance at the 2023 Concordia Annual Summit has been canceled following pressure from public health groups who appear more focused on ending an industry than acting in the best interests of smokers. Read more Real people, real consequences: PMI's CEO Jacek Olczak warns government inaction on smoke-free products will only serve to prolong cigarettes Jacek Olczak highlights the need for tobacco harm reduction during a speech broadcast on Reuters Plus. Read more Smoke-free alternatives could deliver a 10-fold reduction in smoking-attributable deaths compared to historical measures alone Using data, estimates, and methods from the WHO and other third parties, we have calculated the potential positive impact to public health if the world’s smokers switched from cigarettes to smoke-free products. Read more The cost of ignoring the impact of failed policies KPMG released the data from its annual report on illicit cigarette consumption in the EU, Moldova, Norway, Switzerland, the U.K., and Ukraine. Read more Philip Morris International publishes its first Human Rights Report This publication constitutes the company’s inaugural report dedicated to describing their strategy to respect human rights and the progress made to date. Read more Previous page 1 page 2 page 3 page 4 page 5 page 6 page 7 page 8 Next For all our latest news and views Subscribe to the PMI corporate newsletter Subscribe Subscribe to the PMI newsletter Our commitments The standards we uphold Marketing standards It’s our responsibility to market our products responsibly. 2 min read Read article PMI’s Statement of Purpose 9 min read Good conversion practices for PMI’s smoke-free products 2 min read Underage tobacco and nicotine use Accelerating the decline of cigarettes Watch: In the spotlight Inaction has consequences 2:22 to watch The Future Reimagined 1:41 to watch It's time to make smoking history 2:30 to watch Tobacco harm reduction is central to the delivery of a smoke-free future 2:01 to watch Resiliency requires innovation, inclusion and trust in science 11:37 to watch The difference between cigarette smoke and smoke-free product vapor 1.34 to watch PMI's Chief Life Science Officer Jorge Insuasty on why he joined PMI 2:16 to watch Real stories: Davide quit for a better lifestyle. 1:18 to watch Why did you want to be a scientist? 1:46 to watch Philip Morris International’s CEO Jacek Olczak shares his vision of a smoke-free future (without cigarettes) 6:31 to watch The importance of taste 1:14 to watch Why burning is the main problem 1:15 to watch Heat-not-burn vs. cigarettes: How do they reduce harm? 1:31 to watch Give people the right information 0:59 to watch Previous page 1 page 2 page 3 page 4 page 5 page 6 page 7 page 8 page 9 page 10 page 11 page 12 page 13 Next Leaders of Change PMI’s thought leaders share their insights and expertise Businesspeople should think more like scientists, where failures present opportunities for solutions A life in science has taught me that knockbacks are a necessary step on the path to success, writes Dr Moira Gilchrist. 3 min read Read more Navigating a company acquisition with clarity and sensitivity is a must to drive collaboration and progress 3 min read An odd match for a respiratory physician? PMI is where I can have the biggest impact 4 min read Our leadership team Discover more Make history Develop your career at PMI Learn about our people and culture Why Philip Morris International is a great place to work. Discover our values Equal-salary certified 5 min read Oğuz’s story at PMI How We #MakeHistory by Creating Better Choices How We #MakeHistory by Creating Better Choices 00:19 Make history with us Search our job opportunities. Work with us Why invest in PMI? We've built the world’s most successful cigarette company. Now we’re building our future on smoke-free products that are much better choices. Share Price PM (Common Stock) $9057 0.29 (0.32%) Investor Relations Latest news & press releases Media Center Press release 04 Mar, 2024 Philip Morris International’s U.S. Business Champions Female Economic Growth in Connecticut with Record-Setting $5 Million Investment Through New Partnership with Women’s Business Development Council Press release 21 Feb, 2024 Philip Morris International Presents at 2024 CAGNY Conference; Reaffirms 2024 Full-Year Forecast for Reported Diluted EPS of $5.90 to $6.02 and Adjusted Diluted EPS of $6.32 to $6.44, Representing Currency-Neutral Growth of 7% to 9% Press release 14 Feb, 2024 Philip Morris International to Present at 2024 CAGNY Conference Press release 08 Feb, 2024 Philip Morris International Reports 2023 Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Results; Delivers 2023 Full-Year Reported Diluted EPS of $5.02 and Adjusted Diluted EPS of $6.01, Representing Currency-Neutral Growth of 11.0%; Provides 2024 EPS Forecast This site is operated for the purpose of providing general information about us. The site is not operated for advertising or marketing purposes. The material on this site should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any product of PMI. Such products are sold only in compliance with the laws of the particular jurisdictions in which they are sold. Our 2023 Q4 results reveal our continuing progress 39.3 percent of our total net revenues for the quarter came from smoke-free products (approximately 37 percent for the whole of 2023). 20.8 million The estimated number of adults that have switched to our heated tobacco product IQOS and stopped smoking. 84 markets where our smoke-free products are available. USD 12.5 billion invested to develop, scientifically substantiate, and commercialize smoke-free products since 2008. previous next Important Note: All figures are as of December 31, 2023. This article should be read in conjunction with the Philip Morris International Inc. earnings release dated February 8, 2024 , as well as the accompanying glossary of key terms, definitions, explanatory notes, select financial information and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, both of which are available on our Investor Relations pages. Quick links About us Our business Our transformation Our science Investor relations Sustainability Careers Other initiatives Unsmoke Your World PMI Science PMI Privacy Projects with a Heart Tobacco economics Legal Terms of use Legal documents Social media rules of engagement Cookie preferences PMI corporate newsletter Follow us on Scroll to top Privacy notice FAQ Glossary Contact us Company information © Philip Morris Products S.A.