Home Page - Dana Foundation Skip to content Advancing neuroscience that benefits society and reflects the aspirations of all people. Learn More Your browser does not support the video tag. New and Notable February 5, 2024 Cross-Disciplinary, Inclusive Science Through Philanthropic Partnership Read the Article January 23, 2024 A New Series for Neuroscience and Society Storytelling Read the Article January 16, 2024 Elevating the Impact of Brain Awareness Week in Europe Read the Article The Dana Foundation explores the connections between neuroscience and society’s challenges and opportunities, working to maximize the potential of the field to do good. As of 2022, Neuroscience & Society became our dedicated focus. It embodies our spirit of open inquiry, collaborative research, and multidisciplinary thinking in service of the well-being of all people. Read Our Mission Explore Our Work "I hope to see the day when science is indisputably woven into the fabric of our collective decision-making, and conversely, when the values and priorities of our communities are woven into the way we do science." Claire Weichselbaum 2021-23 Dana Foundation Barbara Gill Civic Science Fellow Learn About Our Grants "Support from the Foundation allowed us to co-create the Dana Foundation Career Network in Neuroscience & Society … the first of its kind. Through career fairs, campus events, a website, and regular newsletters, the Foundation’s investment is facilitating career development for the next generation of leaders in rapidly emerging neuroscience and society fields such as neuroethics, neurolaw, neuroarchitecture, and neuromarketing." Francis Shen, J.D., Ph.D. Harvard University Learn About Our Grants "For decades, the Dana Foundation has been at the vanguard of efforts to communicate neuroscience discoveries to the public. Dana initiated Brain Awareness Week and has supported SfN and many other organizations’ efforts in education, neuroethics, and public communications. " Marty Saggese Executive Director, Society for Neuroscience (SfN) Learn About Our Grants "The Dana Foundation has been a supportive collaborator whose funding has helped us to bring culturally relevant, stimulating, and high-quality science engagement to underserved communities for over a decade, reaching over 2,500 students." Latasha Wright, Ph.D. Chief Scientific Officer, BioBus Learn About Our Grants Resources Use these resources to learn more about neuroscience and society and to engage with others around topics important to the field. Search by format, audience, and intended use. Explore Resources Impact Story Elevating the Impact of Brain Awareness Week in Europe Read the Story View All Impact Stories Stay informed! Sign up for monthly updates on news, grants, and events. Email(Required) Neuroscience & Society Our Work Resources News & Insights About Us Careers Financials Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Created by Constructive © 2024 Dana Foundation.