Brené Brown Skip to content Home Books Atlas of the Heart Dare to Lead You Are Your Best Thing The Gifts of Imperfection Braving the Wilderness Rising Strong Daring Greatly Explore all books Podcasts Unlocking Us Dare to Lead Podcast Inquiries Hubs Atlas Hub Dare to Lead Hub The Gifts Hub Daring Classrooms Hub About About Brené Speaking Media Contact & Press Kit Research Our Newsletter Belonging Statement FAQ Explore Guides & Resources Articles In the News Videos Posters and Quote Cards Library Resources by Language The Daring Way ABK Edit Search Toggle Menu Home Books Atlas of the Heart Dare to Lead You Are Your Best Thing The Gifts of Imperfection Braving the Wilderness Rising Strong Daring Greatly Explore all books Podcasts Unlocking Us Dare to Lead Podcast Inquiries Hubs Atlas Hub Dare to Lead Hub The Gifts Hub Daring Classrooms Hub About About Brené Speaking Media Contact & Press Kit Research Our Newsletter Belonging Statement FAQ Explore Guides & Resources Articles In the News Videos Posters and Quote Cards Library Resources by Language The Daring Way ABK Edit Search Toggle Menu Books Atlas of the Heart Dare to Lead You Are Your Best Thing The Gifts of Imperfection Braving the Wilderness Rising Strong Daring Greatly Explore all books Podcasts Unlocking Us Dare to Lead Podcast Inquiries Hubs Atlas Hub Dare to Lead Hub The Gifts Hub Daring Classrooms Hub About About Brené Speaking Media Contact & Press Kit Research Our Newsletter Belonging Statement FAQ Explore Guides & Resources Articles In the News Videos Posters and Quote Cards Library Resources by Language The Daring Way ABK Edit Keeping it awkward, brave, and kind Featured Content From Brené Hard Seasons and Wild Hearts An update from Brené on unfolding, an armored heart, straddling the tension, and building a community of wild hearts. By Brené Brown Featured Content The Daring Interview Bryan Stevenson on trusting your instincts, knowing you can be wrong, and maintaining humility. By Karen Walrond Brené and Her Creative Loves Neon-sign artist Evan Voyles talks collecting, antiques-hunting, and making people feel something. By Lauren Smith Ford High Five Raven B. Varona on the vulnerability of being seen, sharing our stories, and the legacy of her mother. By Lauren Smith Ford The Daring Interview Alex Snodgrass on The Defined Dish and embracing imperfection. By Lauren Smith Ford From Brené Listening + Learning By Brené Brown From Brené Not Looking Away Sharing my beliefs and thoughts on the Israel-Hamas war. They don’t fit on an Instagram square, and many of you may find them naïve or conflicting or not enough. That’s OK. These ideas are based on my experiences, my faith, and my values. By Brené Brown The Daring Interview Thebe Magugu The South African designer talks about creating from vulnerability, imagination, and truth to connect with people from various walks of life. By Zehra Javed Featured Podcast Episodes Conversations with leaders, change-makers, and those who help unlock the deeply human part of who we are. Unlocking Us Podcast Emily Nagoski and Amelia Nagoski on Burnout and How to Complete the Stress Cycle Unlocking Us Podcast Jason Reynolds on Masterpieces and Messes Unlocking Us Podcast Atlas of the Heart: A Sisters Book Club, Part 1 of 3 Explore More Unlocking Us Episodes Dare to Lead Podcast Janice Omadeke on The Mentor Method and Why Values Matter Dare to Lead Podcast Dr. Donald Sull and Charlie Sull on How Toxic Work Cultures Are Driving the Great Resignation Dare to Lead Podcast Chad Sanders on What Black Leaders Learned From Trauma and Triumph Explore More Dare to Lead Episodes Books by Brené Atlas of the Heart Mapping Meaningful Connection and the Language of Human Experience Buy the Book USA Amazon Apple Books Barnes & Noble Books a Million Bookshop Hudson Booksellers Indie Bound Porchlight Powell’s Target International Canada - Amazon Canada - Indigo UK - Amazon UK - Waterstones Explore More Looking to dive deep into reading and resources? Check out the hubs. Atlas Hub Learn More Dare to Lead Hub Learn More The Gifts Hub Learn More Daring Classrooms Hub Learn More Back to Top Home Contact About Media & Press Kit Podcast Inquiries Find a Dare to Lead Facilitator Find a Daring Way Facilitator Login Courageworks Archive Dare to Lead Facilitator Login Daring Way Facilitator Login Connect Receive updates from Brené straight to your inbox. "*" indicates required fields List* Send me the occasional email about upcoming events, book updates, videos, and special announcements! I’ll take the weekly check-in covering new articles, podcasts, and research - and some fun stuff. Email* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By submitting, I am agreeing to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Follow facebook instagram linkedin ©2024 Brené Brown, LLC Terms of Use Privacy Policy User Content Guidelines Username or Email Address Password Forgot your password? Click here to reset it. Stay Connected "*" indicates required fields Email* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By submitting, I am agreeing to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.