ExpertPhotography Home - Courses and Training for Photographers 0 Log In Articles Student Successes My Learning Store About Contact Photo Quiz Articles Student Successes My Learning Store About Contact Photo Quiz 0 Log In 0 Log In Articles Student Successes My Learning Store About Contact Photo Quiz Login / Register Articles Student Successes My Learning Store About Contact Photo Quiz 9 Powerful Lightroom Tweaks That Will Change Your Processing Forever Here are 3 of the 9 tweaks we uncover in this 9 minute video: ​HSL Sliders Find bright blue skies in your photos with this hidden slider Sharpening Preview Selectively sharpen the edges in your photos for a more professional look Boundary Warp Stretch your panoramas to the corners to remove the need for cropping Subscribe to watch now! Email * SUBMIT Your privacy is safe. I will never share your information. 9 Powerful Lightroom Tweaks That Will Change Your Processing Forever Here are 3 of the 9 tweaks we uncover in this 9 minute video: Find bright blue skies in your photos with this hidden slider Selectively sharpen the edges in your photos for a more professional look Stretch your panoramas to the corners to remove the need for cropping Subscribe to watch now! Email * Subscribe to Watch Now Your privacy is safe. I will never share your information. Top Content Photography for Beginners (The Ultimate Guide for 2024) Cameras are complicated, but photography for beginners doesn't have to be. When I started shooting, I was frustrated with my first DSLR camera. I couldn't… Free Guide Course How to Edit Photos in Lightroom: A Complete Guide Adobe is the industry leader in image processing software. And Adobe Lightroom is the best program for photo editing on the market. Lightroom is used… Free Guide Course How to Take Landscape Photos: A Complete Guide Landscape photography is one of the oldest and most beloved types of photography. Photo trends come and go. And new tech replaces the old. But… Free Guide Course Milky Way Photography: How to Take the Best Milky Way Photos Photographing the Milky Way is one of the most rewarding and impressive types of photography that you can master. When done right, this type of… Free Guide Course How to Take Macro Photos: A Complete Guide Macro photography is all about making small items look larger than life. Anything from insects, flowers, and plants can become the focus of your photos.… Free Guide Course 30 Creative Photography Ideas (Have Fun with Our Challenge) These creative photography ideas will help you learn and grow as a photographer. Some focus on cool photoshoot ideas or still life. Others focus on… Free Guide Course Latest Articles 8 Best Sony Lenses for Sport Photography in 2024 The best Sony lenses for sports photography make a huge difference in capturing those dynamic, fast-paced moments. With a variety of options available, it's important… 9 Best Canon Lenses for Car Photography Choosing the right Canon lenses for car photography can significantly improve your shots. Car photography might be promo shots of the vehicles, social media-friendly artsy… 7 Best Nikon Lenses for Moon Photography in 2024 Capturing the moon's intricate details requires a lens that can handle the task. Thankfully, Nikon lenses for moon photography are among the best options available.… 9 Best Sony Lenses for Night Photography Choosing the right Sony lenses for night photography can make a big difference in the quality of your photos. With the right lens, capturing the… 9 Best Nikon Lenses for Bird Photography Capturing the beauty birds in their natural habitats is that much easier when you have the best Nikon lenses for bird photography. With a variety… 6 Best Sony Lenses for Macro Photography Having the best Sony lenses for macro photography makes sure that you avoid disappointment as you explore the world of macro. They let you capture… 9 Best Nikon Lenses for Astrophotography Exploring the night sky through astrophotography is a journey that demands the best tools, and Nikon lenses for astrophotography are among the top choices for… How to Shoot in Manual Mode (Photography Basics & Best Tips) Shooting in Manual mode might seem intimidating for beginners. And there are other shooting modes that make things a little easier for shooting a great… 7 Best Canon Lenses for Astrophotography in 2024 The best Canon lenses for Astrophotography allow you to capture the vastness and beauty of the night sky. These Canon lenses are designed to have… 9 Best Sony Lenses for Travel Photography in 2024 Choosing the best Sony lenses for travel photography makes all the difference when capturing stunning images in a new land. With so many options available,… 5 Best Canon Lenses for Moon Photography Capturing the moon's intricate details requires a lens that can handle the task, and Canon lenses for moon photography are among the best options available.… 11 Best Nikon Lenses for Sports Photography To capture every thrilling moment with clarity and precision, you need the best Nikon lenses for sports photography. Whether you're shooting a fast-paced soccer game… See All Latest Articles Student Successes Carol Nancy Manning Michael Blade Corey Monroe See All Learn Photography Beginner Quick Capture Cheat Sheets Photography for Beginners Intuitive Composition Photography Unlocked Editing Effortless Editing With Lightroom Epic Landscape Editing The Preset Collection Digital Dreamworlds Creative The Magical Photography Spellbook Dreamy Childhood Portraits The Creative Photography Cookbook Wow Factor Photography Fantastic Photo Adventures Magical Childhood Moments Flat Lay Photo Fever Perfect Pawtraits Edible Images Macro Magic Urban Smartphone Minimalism Colorful Cityscapes Creative Portrait Concepts Outdoor Simply Stunning Landscapes Infinite Exposures Milky Way Mastery Shooting Skies Next Stop: Travel Photography Total Time-Lapse Wonderful Wildlife Business Products In Focus Fairytale Portraits Organic Marketing for Photographers Profit from Portraits Social Success Strategies Picture Perfect Properties Need Help? Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use ExpertPhotography is part of several affiliate sales networks. This means we may receive a commission if you purchase something by clicking on one of our links. ExpertPhotography is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Expert Photography © 2011-2024. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use