Inquisitr- News, Politics, Kardashians, Reality TV & Celebrity KARDASHIANS REALITY TV ENTERTAINMENT CELEBRITY POLITICS NEWS ROYAL FAMILY About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use DMCA KARDASHIANS REALITY TV ENTERTAINMENT CELEBRITY POLITICS NEWS ROYAL FAMILY About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use DMCA TOP STORIES Entertainment Donald Trump Once Hosted an 'Intimate' Dinner at Mar-A-Lago With Sons as a Fundraisor for Legal Expenses Entertainment 9 Famous Women Who Turned Down Donald Trump's Romantic Proposals Entertainment Justin Bieber’s Bodyguard Used to Slip Into His Room to Check His Pulse to Ensure He Was Alive Entertainment Kourtney Kardashian ‘Offered Millions’ To Ex Scott Disick to Stay Away From Their Kids Entertainment Tristan Thompson Faces Backlash, Called 'Hypocrite' for Refusing to Meet Sons Theo and Prince ALL REALITY TV KARDASHIANS POLITICS Taylor Swift|Travis Kelce Here Are 5 Reasons Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s Romance is Real Despite All ‘PR Stunt’ Claims Social media users previously expressed dissatisfaction on social media, claiming that their brief romance is 'for PR' and not real at all. 2h ago Internet Slams Victoria Beckham For Boasting About Her 'Parenting' on Son's Birthday: "Very Odd Post" "We are a good team!!!!," she wrote referring to her famous footballer husband while wishing her eldest son on his 25th birthday. 3h ago Taylor Swift When the City of Glendale, Arizona, Changed Its Name in Honor of Taylor Swift's Arrival Jerry P. Weiers stated, "And all Swifties are encouraged to share their smiles that could light up this whole town on all the social media platforms." 3h ago Jim Jordan Promises Investigation Into Google AI's 'Black George Washington' Amid 'Woke' Controversy House Republicans are requesting Google records to find out how the US government impacted the company's artificial intelligence initiative. 3h ago Kanye West Kanye West Reportedly Can’t Play in Concert Venues Across Europe Because of ‘Controversial Image’ "His reputation and the controversies in the last few years are the main reason for this," a music industry insider explained. 3h ago Donald Trump Trump Praises the Supreme Court's ‘Unifying’ Decision That He Believes Will Be Remembered for Long “It will go a long way toward bringing our country together, Donald Trump said about the recent Supreme Court ruling 3h ago Hailey Bieber|Justin Bieber Justin and Hailey Bieber’s Fans Mad Over Church Minister’s ‘Invasive, Inappropriate’ Instagram Post “If I were Justin or Hailey, I would never talk to this man again. This is so inappropriate,” a fan chimed in with their disdain. 4h ago Bradley Cooper Bradley Cooper’s Daughter Talks to Him While He’s on the Toilet Since His Bathroom Has ‘No Doors’ “My bedroom is, the bathtub and toilet and bed are all in the same room. It's 24/7, dude! There are no doors. … The stairs go up and it's all one floor,” Cooper shared. 5h ago Justin Bieber Madame Tussauds Unveils Justin Bieber's Wax Figure in California on His 30th Birthday The figure matched his neck tattoos and the same puffer jacket and attire that he wore in his 2021 music video for 'Peaches'. 5h ago Kailyn Lowry Shares an Emotional Confession on Social Media While She Sits and Sobs in Her Car “I couldn't put it down to the point I was reading it,” Kailyn Lowry said while giving a book review. 5h ago Tom Cruise Lawyer Slams 'Falsehoods' About Katie Holmes as $400K Child Support from Tom Cruise Will End Soon “But, as their child nears adulthood, both mother and daughter are facing an uncertain future,” alleged an insider about Katie Holmes and Suri. 5h ago Travis Kelce Jason Kelce Honors Brother in Emotional Retirement Speech, Shares Touching Moment with Travis Kelce "We have a small family. It was really my brother and I, our whole lives. We did almost everything together," Kelce shared. 5h ago Donald Trump Jill Biden Calls Trump ‘Dangerous to Women’ While Campaigning As Melania Continues to be Absent “He spent a lifetime tearing us down and devaluing our existence. He mocks women’s bodies, disrespects our accomplishments, and brags about assaults.” 5h ago Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian’s Face Is ‘Sliding Down,’ Fans Claim as They Accuse Her of Bad Plastic Surgery "The queen of what? Botched and tacky?" a fan commented on Kardashian's appearance. 6h ago Donald Trump The Crowd Went 'Silent' After Donald Trump Mixed Up Biden and Obama Yet Again at Virginia Rally This isn't the first time Trump has gotten confused between the two Democrats, and he has previously claimed that his mix-ups were intentional. 6h ago Sydney Sweeney Takes Center Stage on ‘SNL’ to Debunk 'Affair' Rumors and Share Some Laughs Sweeney quipped, "Like I once said that I used to work at Universal Studios and then someone online accused me of lying about that, which is insane." 6h ago Donald Trump|Joe Biden Alina Habba Claims Joe Biden Will Allow Ten Million Undocumented Immigrants to Vote in November Habba launched a barrage of charges during an interview alleging that Biden and his friends want to "cheat" in order to beat Trump. 6h ago Donald Trump Trump Says Biden is Providing ‘Aid and Comfort’ to 'Foreign Enemies': 'Conspiracy to Overthrow...' Trump got straight to the point of his address, accusing Biden of orchestrating a border crisis as well as leading a conspiracy. 7h ago Kim Kardashian|Kendall Jenner|Kris Jenner Kris Jenner Finally Reveals Daughters Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian's Wedding Plans Kris Jenner stated, "You know you never say never, but I often say it’s just not what I think I need to do again based on my past." 7h ago Billie Eilish Here's How Christian Bale's 'Batman' Inspired Billie Eilish to Break Up With Her Boyfriend “A couple of years ago I had a dream about Christian Bale and it made me realize that I had to break up with my boyfriend," Eilish revealed. 7h ago SORT BY RELEVANCE DATE About Us Privacy Policy Terms of use DMCA © Copyright 2023 The Inquisitr. The Inquisitr is a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. About Us Privacy Policy Terms of use DMCA © Copyright 2023 The Inquisitr. The Inquisitr is a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.