Start | Qlik Help Skip to main content Qlik.com Community Learning Qlik Resources English (Change) Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Русский Svenska Türkçe 中文（中国） 中文（台灣） Close Documentation Qlik Cloud Home Introduction What's new in Qlik Cloud Analytics Data Integration Administration Application Automation Development Client-Managed — Analytics Qlik Sense for users Qlik Sense for administrators Qlik Sense for developers Qlik NPrinting Connectors Qlik GeoAnalytics Qlik Alerting QlikView for users and administrators QlikView for developers Governance Dashboard Client-Managed — Data Integration Qlik Replicate Qlik Compose Qlik Enterprise Manager Qlik Gold Client Qlik Catalog NodeGraph (legacy) Find help for Talend products Home Installation and upgrade Data integration Administration and execution Data integrity and governance Application and API integration Additional documentation Qlik Application Automation for OEM (Blendr.io) Qlik AutoML (Legacy) Documentation archive Onboarding Onboarding analytics users Get started with analytics in Qlik Sense Administer Qlik Cloud Analytics Standard Administer Qlik Cloud Analytics Premium and Enterprise Administer Qlik Sense Business Administer Qlik Sense Enterprise SaaS Administer Qlik Cloud Government Administer Qlik Sense Enterprise on Windows Videos Migration Center Evaluation Guides Qlik Resources English (Change) Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Русский Svenska Türkçe 中文（中国） 中文（台灣） Search Search for topics, videos and knowledge articles Menu Close Search for topics, videos and knowledge articles Qlik Help Qlik helps enterprises move faster, work smarter, and lead the way forward with an end-to-end solution for getting value out of data. Whatever your role, the Qlik Help site answers your questions, shows you how to improve your data intelligence, and guides you on your Qlik knowledge journey. Qlik Cloud Client-Managed Not sure which to choose? Choose Qlik Cloud if you see Analytics Services, Data Integration, or Management Console after logging in. Choose Client-Managed if you're using: Qlik Sense and you see Sense Enterprise next to the Qlik logo after logging in. QlikView or Qlik NPrinting. Qlik Replicate, Qlik Enterprise Manager, or Qlik Compose. Qlik Cloud Qlik Cloud's data integration and analytics technologies work together to streamline the delivery of analytics-ready data for fast business insights. Introducing Qlik Cloud Welcome to the Qlik Cloud Data Integration and Analytics platform — a single-solution modern data stack with capabilities to move enterprise data from on-premises and cloud sources to Qlik's hosted self-service analytics solutions and other analytics environments. What's new in Qlik Cloud Qlik Cloud is regularly introducing new features and improving existing ones. Review the What's new page to better understand how you can get even more out of your investment in Qlik Cloud. Analytics Empowers everyone in your organization, at all skill levels, to make data-driven decisions and take action when it matters most. This service, traditionally known as Qlik Sense, is available in several subscription options. Data Integration Qlik Cloud Data Integration platform helps you configure an agile data ingestion framework, connecting on-premises applications and systems through database replication, transport tools, and model-driven transforms. Connect to the latest enterprise data from both on-premises and cloud sources to build complete data pipelines. Administration Qlik Cloud administrators are responsible for deploying, configuring, and managing the Qlik Cloud subscription and environment. The Qlik Cloud environment offers centralized management and governance helping to ensure user adoption, accuracy, and system reliability. Application Automation Qlik Application Automation provides a no-code visual interface that helps you easily build automated analytics and data workflows. An automation is a sequence of actions and triggers that runs like a program. Migrating to Qlik Cloud The Qlik Cloud Migration Center provides the tools, instructions, and processes to guide you through the multi-step and multi-stage migration process. Developing for Qlik Cloud Visit the Qlik Developer website and explore tutorials and APIs to develop and build Qlik Cloud analytics and data integrations. Videos Watch how-to videos to learn how to do things and conceptual videos to understand concepts and features. Client-Managed — Analytics The modern analytics era truly began with the launch of QlikView and the game-changing Associative Engine it is built on. Qlik Sense Enterprise on Windows, built on the same cutting-edge technology, powerful augmented analytics and a governed multi-cloud architecture, supports the full range of analytics use cases at enterprise scale. Qlik Sense (on Windows) Qlik Sense for users Qlik Sense for administrators Qlik Sense for developers Qlik NPrinting Connectors Qlik GeoAnalytics Qlik Alerting QlikView QlikView for users and administrators QlikView for developers Qlik NPrinting Connectors Governance Dashboard Client-Managed — Data Integration Qlik Data Integration enables a DataOps approach to accelerate the discovery and availability of real-time, analytics-ready data by automating data streaming (CDC), refinement, cataloging, and publishing. Integration (formerly Attunity) Qlik Replicate Qlik Compose Qlik Enterprise Manager Qlik Gold Client Enterprise Data Catalog Qlik Catalog NodeGraph (legacy) Videos and Webinars Video Qlik Fix Series of short video with helpful solutions for Qlik customers and partners. It's intended to give Qlik users the answers they need to issues as quickly and as clearly as possible. See all Qlik Fix videos Webinar Techspert Talks Hear directly from Qlik Techsperts on topics that are relevant to Customers and Partners today. Here you'll find the recordings of our Techspert Talks sessions and here you can sign up for montly invites. Go to Techspert Talks Webinar Qlik Virtual Workshops See Qlik in action and get a hands-on experience with Qlik Cloud Analytics, AutoML and Automation, and Qlik Cloud Data Integration & Transformation Services for Snowflake & Databricks. Sign up for the workshops Additional Documentation Qlik Application Automation® for OEM (Blendr.io) Automation platform for SaaS providers and enterprises, to integrate with a wide range of cloud applications and data sources. Qlik AutoML Learn how to build and deploy machine learning models with Qlik AutoML. Documentation archive Archival documentation contains legacy content for older Qlik software release versions that are no longer supported. This information is provided for reference purposes only. Help Resources Help Videos Qlik Developer Qlik Community Qlik Training Qlik Support Qlik Resource Library Company About Qlik Press Room Careers Find a Sales Office Contact Qlik +1 (866) 616-4960 Legal Copyright © 1993-2024 QlikTech International AB. All rights reserved. Legal Policies Trademarks Terms of Use License Terms