Advancing Heart, Lung, Blood, and Sleep Research & Innovation | NHLBI, NIH Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( A locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Search Query: MAIN MENU Health Topics All Health Topics A-Z Asthma Heart-Healthy Living High Blood Pressure Sickle Cell Disease Sleep Apnea Information & Resources on COVID-19 Health Education Education Programs and Initiatives The Heart Truth® Learn More Breathe Better® Blood Diseases and Disorders Education Program Publications and Resources The Science Research Focus Areas Blood Disorders and Blood Safety Sleep Science and Sleep Disorders Lung Diseases Health Disparities and Inequities Heart and Vascular Diseases Precision Medicine Activities Obesity, Nutrition, and Physical Activity Population and Epidemiology Studies Women’s Health Research Topics Clinical Trials All Science A-Z Grants and Training Grants and Training Home Policies and Guidelines Funding Opportunities and Contacts Training and Career Development News and Events News and Events Home Email Alerts All News NHLBI News NHLBI in the Press Research Features All Events Past Events Upcoming Events About NHLBI About NHLBI Home Mission and Strategic Vision Leadership Divisions, Offices and Centers Advisory Committees Budget and Legislative Information Jobs and Working at the NHLBI Contact and FAQs NIH Sleep Research Plan HOME Search Text: Let’s kick off National Nutrition Month with DASH! Find DASH-Friendly Recipes 0 NHLBI Anniversary Find a Clinical Trial Funding Opportunities NHLBI News What's Happening at the NHLBI News Cut salt through healthy eating Lower your salt intake daily and watch your blood pressure plummet. News Care from rural intermediate wards may not be enough for patients on breathing support NHLBI-supported research highlights the need for more careful evaluations of patients with breathing problems in rural intermediate care units. Education Get the facts on von Willebrand Disease (VWD) VWD is the most common inherited bleeding disorder. Learn the signs and symptoms and how to best manage VWD. Follow NHLBI on our Social Media Accounts Featured Areas of Research Discover research programs and initiatives that seek to inform prevention, diagnosis, and treatment for today’s major health challenges and conditions. Heart Failure NHLBI-supported research has contributed to heart failure treatments using breakthrough therapies. Learn more about heart failure research at NHLBI Data Science BioData Catalyst is a cloud-based ecosystem with data and analytic capabilities to advance research on heart, lung, blood, and sleep diseases, disorders, and conditions. BioData Catalyst Research Community Engagement Alliance (CEAL) CEAL is helping communities hardest hit by COVID-19. Learn more about CEAL and its programs. Community Engagement Alliance (CEAL) Against COVID-19 Disparities Health Topics Featured health topic Bleeding Disorders Bleeding disorders are rare disorders affecting the way the body makes blood clots. If you have a bleeding disorder, you may have problems with bleeding too much after an injury or surgery. View Bleeding Disorders Health Topic View Bleeding Disorders Circadian Rhythm Disorders Circadian rhythm disorders, also known as sleep-wake cycle disorders, are problems that occur when your body’s internal clock is out of sync with your environment. Blood Clotting Disorders Blood clotting disorders are problems with how the body makes blood clots. If you have a clotting disorder, your blood may not clot enough when you are injured, or your blood may form clots even without an injury. Lung Disease Treatments Learn about different treatments for lung diseases and conditions. Insomnia Insomnia is a common sleep disorder that causes you to have trouble falling asleep, staying asleep, or getting good quality sleep. Heart-Healthy Living Heart-healthy living can prevent and treat heart disease. It includes choosing healthy foods, getting more physical activity, aiming for a healthy weight, managing stress, quitting smoking, and getting enough good-quality sleep. Sleep Apnea Sleep apnea is a common condition in which your breathing stops and restarts many times while you sleep. This can prevent your body from getting enough oxygen. View All Topics NHLBI Events Mar 19 Building a More Diverse, Equitable, and Inclusive Blood Donor Community Tue, Mar 19 View More Events NHLBI PUBLICATIONS The NHLBI has materials for patients and health professionals on many health topics, such as asthma, heart disease, and sickle cell disease. Search for NHLBI Publications Our Mission The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) provides global leadership for a research, training, and education program to promote the prevention and treatment of heart, lung, and blood disorders and enhance the health of all individuals so that they can live longer and more fulfilling lives.Learn More About the NHLBIMission and Strategic VisionDivisions, Offices, and CentersView NHLBI Leadership On This Page Gary H. Gibbons, M.D. NHLBI Director Meet the NHLBI Director Back To Top Link Back to top Web Policies & Notices Accessibility No FEAR Act Data Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) HHS Vulnerability Disclosure Related Government Websites Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health Office of the Inspector General USA.gov Stay Connected Live Chat Live Chat with us, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST.Get Email AlertsReceive automatic alerts about NHLBI related news and highlights from across the Institute. Footer Bottom Contact Us Site Index Jobs