Wookieepedia | Fandom Wookieepedia Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Trending The Bad Batch Omega Hunter Wrecker Crosshair Rex Echo Dr. Royce Hemlock Dr. Emerie Karr Nala Se Asajj Ventress The High Republic Escape from Valo The Eye of Darkness Shadows of Starlight The High Republic comics (2023) The High Republic Adventures (2023) Defy the Storm Temptation of the Force Beware the Nameless Latest television series The Acolyte Ahsoka The Bad Batch The Mandalorian Season Three Skeleton Crew Tales of the Jedi Visions Volume 2 Young Jedi Adventures Ongoing comics Darth Vader series Star Wars series The High Republic (2023) The High Republic Adventures (2023) Mace Windu Obi-Wan Kenobi Thrawn: Alliances Hyperspace Stories Future novels The Living Force The Glass Abyss Star Wars Battlefront Classic Collection Star Wars Outlaws Star Wars Skywalker saga The Phantom Menace Attack of the Clones Revenge of the Sith A New Hope The Empire Strikes Back Return of the Jedi The Force Awakens The Last Jedi The Rise of Skywalker Standalone films Canon The Clone Wars Rogue One Solo The Mandalorian & Grogu New Republic Era film (Filoni) New Jedi Order film (Obaid-Chinoy) Dawn of the Jedi film (Mangold) Lando Legends Caravan of Courage The Battle for Endor The Star Wars Holiday Special Live-action series The Mandalorian The Book of Boba Fett Obi-Wan Kenobi Andor Ahsoka The Acolyte Skeleton Crew Jedi Temple Challenge Animated series Canon The Clone Wars Rebels Resistance Visions The Bad Batch Tales of the Jedi Young Jedi Adventures Legends Droids Ewoks Clone Wars The Clone Wars Games Board games Card games Miniatures games Roleplaying games Real-world attractions Video games X-Wing/TIE Fighter Dark Forces/Jedi Knight Knights of the Old Republic Battlefront The Force Unleashed The Old Republic Jedi: Fallen Order LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga Virtual reality games Literature Audiobooks Comics Cookbooks Game books Magazines Music books Reference books Short stories Novels Young readers Navigation Articles Content A-Z Status articles Featured articles Good articles Comprehensive articles Browse articles by category Culture Droids Events The Force Individuals Locations Organizations Species Technology Behind the scenes Random article Audio files Images Lists Timelines Community About Wookieepedia FAQ Become a Wookieepedian! Administration Policies Attribution Canon Copyright Layout Guide Manual of Style Naming Neutral point of view Notability Sourcing Spoilers Wookieepedia in other languages Forums Consensus track Discussions Senate Hall Trash compactor Wookieepedian of the Month Requests for user rights WookieeProjects By individual articles Project Defender Project Stardust By subject matter Astrography Chiss Comics Creators Fantasy Flight Games Galaxy's Edge Knights of the Old Republic LEGO Novels Pride Resistance The Clone Wars The High Republic The Old Republic Women Contact Administrators' noticeboard Discord Editing Tutorials Editing sandbox Things to do Status article nominations Featured article nominations Good article nominations Comprehensive article nominations Status article reviews Featured article reviews Good article reviews Comprehensive article reviews Recent Changes Statistics FANDOM Fan Central BETA Games Anime Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In FANDOM Explore Current Wiki Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Advertisement Sign In Register In a galaxy far, far away.... 189,083pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Trending The Bad Batch Omega Hunter Wrecker Crosshair Rex Echo Dr. Royce Hemlock Dr. Emerie Karr Nala Se Asajj Ventress The High Republic Escape from Valo The Eye of Darkness Shadows of Starlight The High Republic comics (2023) The High Republic Adventures (2023) Defy the Storm Temptation of the Force Beware the Nameless Latest television series The Acolyte Ahsoka The Bad Batch The Mandalorian Season Three Skeleton Crew Tales of the Jedi Visions Volume 2 Young Jedi Adventures Ongoing comics Darth Vader series Star Wars series The High Republic (2023) The High Republic Adventures (2023) Mace Windu Obi-Wan Kenobi Thrawn: Alliances Hyperspace Stories Future novels The Living Force The Glass Abyss Star Wars Battlefront Classic Collection Star Wars Outlaws Star Wars Skywalker saga The Phantom Menace Attack of the Clones Revenge of the Sith A New Hope The Empire Strikes Back Return of the Jedi The Force Awakens The Last Jedi The Rise of Skywalker Standalone films Canon The Clone Wars Rogue One Solo The Mandalorian & Grogu New Republic Era film (Filoni) New Jedi Order film (Obaid-Chinoy) Dawn of the Jedi film (Mangold) Lando Legends Caravan of Courage The Battle for Endor The Star Wars Holiday Special Live-action series The Mandalorian The Book of Boba Fett Obi-Wan Kenobi Andor Ahsoka The Acolyte Skeleton Crew Jedi Temple Challenge Animated series Canon The Clone Wars Rebels Resistance Visions The Bad Batch Tales of the Jedi Young Jedi Adventures Legends Droids Ewoks Clone Wars The Clone Wars Games Board games Card games Miniatures games Roleplaying games Real-world attractions Video games X-Wing/TIE Fighter Dark Forces/Jedi Knight Knights of the Old Republic Battlefront The Force Unleashed The Old Republic Jedi: Fallen Order LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga Virtual reality games Literature Audiobooks Comics Cookbooks Game books Magazines Music books Reference books Short stories Novels Young readers Navigation Articles Content A-Z Status articles Featured articles Good articles Comprehensive articles Browse articles by category Culture Droids Events The Force Individuals Locations Organizations Species Technology Behind the scenes Random article Audio files Images Lists Timelines Community About Wookieepedia FAQ Become a Wookieepedian! Administration Policies Attribution Canon Copyright Layout Guide Manual of Style Naming Neutral point of view Notability Sourcing Spoilers Wookieepedia in other languages Forums Consensus track Discussions Senate Hall Trash compactor Wookieepedian of the Month Requests for user rights WookieeProjects By individual articles Project Defender Project Stardust By subject matter Astrography Chiss Comics Creators Fantasy Flight Games Galaxy's Edge Knights of the Old Republic LEGO Novels Pride Resistance The Clone Wars The High Republic The Old Republic Women Contact Administrators' noticeboard Discord Editing Tutorials Editing sandbox Things to do Status article nominations Featured article nominations Good article nominations Comprehensive article nominations Status article reviews Featured article reviews Good article reviews Comprehensive article reviews Recent Changes Statistics Home View source View history Talk (947) The Final Season One Last Fight In the epic final season of Star Wars: The Bad Batch, the Batch will have their limits tested in the fight to reunite with Omega as she faces challenges of her own inside a remote Imperial science lab. With the group fractured and facing threats from all directions, they will have to seek out unexpected allies, embark on dangerous missions, and muster everything they have learned to free themselves from the Empire. The final season stars Dee Bradley Baker, Michelle Ang, Keisha Castle-Hughes, Jimmi Simpson, Noshir Dalal, and Wanda Sykes. The Bad Batch Season 3 will debut exclusively on Disney+ on February 21, 2024. WookieeNews The Bad Batch: The Final Season The three-episode premiere now streaming on Disney+! Read more > Classic Battlefront games strike back Star Wars Battlefront Classic Collection launches on March 14! Read more > The High Republic Phase III The light of the Jedi at their darkest hour! Read more > Dark Droids First, it comes for the metal… Read more > Article Showcase Freerock was a planet located in the Expansion Region and the Interior region, situated within Wild Space near the Unknown Regions. Formerly nameless, it was home to an abandoned monastery–turned–outpost. Four months after the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY, where the Galactic Empire had suffered a final defeat, Freerock was a haven for refugees of the battle and ex-Imperials, including the former TIE pilot Bansu Ro. Nath Tensent—an ex–New Republic pilot and ex–TIE pilot before that—went to Freerock and found Ro at the Rim's Edge cantina, offering the ex-Imperial a place in his new crew. At the same time, Wyl Lark, who had served with Tensent in the New Republic, found his old squadronmate and offered for him to return to service with the government. Tensent, feeling he had no place in the New Republic, refused to return, and the pair politely parted ways. Between 34 and 35 ABY, the chef Strono Tuggs visited the Rim's Edge on Freerock and tried its signature drink, going on to make an entry about it in his cookbook, The Ultimate Cookbook. (Read more…) Read some of our other status articles… Featured · Good · Comprehensive The Bad Batch HunterWreckerEchoOmegaCrosshair Did you know… From Wookieepedia's newest articles, expansions, and overhauls: …that David Tennant won a Daytime Emmy for voicing Huyang in Star Wars: The Clone Wars? …that the design of the Nautolan Clariah was based on actress Anjelica Huston? …that Shadda silk armbands and kerchiefs became popular among the galactic elite as expressions of concern for the survival of the Shadda-Bi-Borans? …that farmer Orrin Gault invested in numerous GX-9 Pretormin vaporators in an attempt to produce sweet-tasting water on Tatooine? …that Delroix Speeders sold SoroSuub JG-8 luxury landspeeder? …that Dannar and Annileen Calwell celebrated their honeymoon at Mos Eisley's Twin Shadows Inn? Archive · Contribute to Wookieepedia! Welcome to Wookieepedia! We are the Star Wars encyclopedia that anyone can edit — created by fans, for fans. Founded in 2005, our goal has been to build the most accurate, comprehensive, and well-presented resource about all things related to the galaxy far, far away. We want readers like you to join our ranks! Sign up for an account to remove ads, chat with fellow fans, and join our editing community. Not sure where to start? Our dedicated editing guides are here to help you! Social Twitter On this day… March 5 1969 – Paul Blackthorne is born. 1971 – Yuri Lowenthal is born. 1977 – John Williams begins conducting and recording the Star Wars musical score. 1979 – Filming for The Empire Strikes Back begins. 1989 – Jake Lloyd is born. 1996 – Dark Empire Trade Paperback Preview released. 1997 – Star Wars: Dark Forces released on the Macintosh platform. 1997 – Star Wars: A New Hope - The Special Edition 3 published. 2003 – Empire 6 published. 2009 – The Clone Wars: R2-D2's Adventure published. 2010 – The Written Word Hyperspace article published on StarWars.com. 2012 – Lost Tribe of the Sith: Secrets released. 2014 – The Official Star Wars Fact File Part 9 published. 2018 – Star Wars Rebels: "A Fool's Hope" and series finale "Family Reunion – and Farewell" air on Disney XD. 2019 – Queen's Shadow published. 2019 – The Prequel Trilogy Read-Along Storybook and CD Collection published. 2019 – Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Graphic Novel Adaptation published. 2024 – Star Wars Vol. 7: Dark Droids published. 2024 – Star Wars: Dark Droids: D-Squad trade paperback published. 2024 – The High Republic: Defy the Storm published. In other languages българскиcatalàčeštinadanskDeutschΕλληνικάespañolفارسیfrançaisGaeilge한국어hrvatskiitalianoעבריתíslenskaქართულიLatinamagyarNederlands日本語norskpolskiportuguêsromânăslovenščinaсрпски / srpskisuomisvenskaTürkçeукраїнська中文 Categories Categories: Wookieepedia Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. More Fandoms Sci-fi Star Wars Advertisement Fan Feed More Wookieepedia 1 The Bad Batch Season 3 2 Project Necromancer 3 Darth Sidious Explore properties Fandom Muthead Fanatical Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Wookieepedia is a FANDOM Movies Community. View Mobile Site Follow on IG TikTok Join Fan Lab