Games and mods development for Windows, Linux and Mac - ModDB Hello guest register or sign in or with: Games and mods development for Windows, Linux and Mac HOME Today Week Month Year games popular latest indies publishing add game mods popular latest add mod addons popular latest upload files popular latest upload RTX Games Mods Files Articles videos images audio articles reviews headlines blogs post article engines popular latest add engine developers popular latest add dev groups popular latest add group forums jobs post job Age of Empires III: Wars of Liberty v1.1 The Great war is finally back in the game, including many balance and performance changes, and featuring over 10 NEW MAPS. Blasted Lands 2 Dev News NPC, helmet damange, weapons and pathfinding update in this HL2 mod. Contra - USA Super Weapon In this short trailer we can see how C.O.L.D. acts on battlefield. Half-Life: Force Equation Announcement Trailer 2025 is here. Jedi Knight Remastered 3.3 New and improved with graphical changes and needed fixes. Half-Life: Field Intensity Update 1.6 Two year anniversary update, featuring LD pack, bugfixes, level-design improvements and more! Morrowind Rebirth 6.6 Bug crunching and quality of life fixes for this epic Morrowind mod. Tiberian Sun: Aftermath - Mission 2 Second mission is done and with testers. The mission is called 'Uplink', and fits to the events of the first mission. Star Wars Republic Commando: Remaster Version 1.7 is OUT NOW! New normal maps, bumpmaps, handmade textures and hub improvements. Overdose V2. Q.O.L. Update New quality of life features for a better, more immersive experience. Post article RSS Latest Articles Imprisoned Hyperion 2 relis date 1hour ago Arbatskii Anatolii 1 comment I've chosen a release date for Imprisoned Hyperion 2 MicroProse got our back! 2hours ago Forgotten But Unbroken Centurion Developmets Partners with Legendary MicroProse! 1.0.0 Release Details: Visual-SFX Upgrades & Future Plans 3hours ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced This blog is about the upcoming full release of C&C Generals Zero Hour Enhanced. Support AIdventure on Ko-fi.com to get cool rewards ! 3hours ago AIdventure AIdventure is a text adventure game with an AI as a story teller. It is shipped with more than 25 starting scenarios. From Fantasy to Lovecraft or zombie... The Dark Mod 2.12 is HERE!!! 10hours ago The Dark Mod (Standalone) 3 comments The Dark Mod 2.12 brings incredible performance gains, Smooth controls, a new Turret entity, and a full set of AI subtitles! Feb'uary 2024 Report 10hours ago CLOUDOME Alright, so out of two goals I set for Feb'uary I managed to do... both? Unfortunately, without the miracle of finishing coding the puzzles. [Mod Showcase] S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Invisibility Mod comes to MISERY 2.2! 16hours ago S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Invisibility Mod A quick showcase of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Invisibility Mod in MISERY 2.2, a modification for S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat. Total Revamp: Steam Page, Socials & Demo (Chasmal Fear) 19hours ago Chasmal Fear We’ve been quiet for some time now after the end of Steam Next Fest. The reason is: that we decided to do a total revamp, a complete overhaul of our... Circus of TimTim - Mascot Horror Comes Out 22 March 2024! 20hours ago Circus of TimTim - Mascot Horror Game This is a first person stealth adventure horror game that takes place inside a run-down circus. Play as a sibling tasked to find her brother's missing... Announcement 20hours ago Eastern Turmoil 1 comment Easter Turmoil Alpha is finally rolling up! Looking for people willing to joing the alpha tests min. 20 people. Schedule will be made after min. number... VKVII Oblivion Head Khajiit 20hours ago VKVII Oblivion Head Khajiit New Khajiit head, mouth, tongue, teeth lower and upper meshes. Found! Mar 4 2024 MacenWolf Captain, it appears that we've been found! FIRE ALL GUNS Bajka games announces Beware of Light Mar 4 2024 Beware of Light We've thrilled to announce our first project: a "hard sci-fi" colony sim, set on a alien desert planet. Renegade's Traffic Improvement 2024 - Showcase Mar 4 2024 Mafia - Renegade's Mods Hello, I'm really busy with this project, but I wanna show you some pics with description. I'm working on Project Upscaled and Traffic Improvement. Used... C&C Tiberian Dawn Redux v1.5.3 Released! Mar 4 2024 C&C Tiberian Dawn Redux The C&C Tiberian Dawn Redux mod makes a return with the release of version 1.5.3! This release includes a massive gameplay overhaul with updated visuals... Devlog #1 - Space Oddity Mar 4 2024 Space Oddity 1st Article about our small project - Space Oddity (#71 Dev Diary) Mechanical moves Mar 4 2024 Elfscape: Ancestors Hi :) Continuing presenting the moving elements from some more level environments. Dev sunday! - Roadmap, improved terrain & more networking Mar 4 2024 Obitus The development continues and we finally got a roadmap done for the game! Improved networking and a fresh new map! Dinos vs. Robots Fest! Mar 4 2024 Assembly RTS - Unleash Your Forces 1 comment Assembly RTS is a real-time strategy game with deep customization mechanics. Discover seemingly endless possibilities. Assemble your perfect army and... Level 1 walkthrough video Mar 3 2024 Doki Doki Island (Working Title) I've just uploaded the level 1 walkthrough video. Progress is slow, but I hope these walkthrough videos will show you that I have put a fair amount of... Riddick University: Importing map geometry Mar 3 2024 The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay Level Design/Theory Here's a tutorial on how to import map geometry from Blender into Butcher Bay. Monthly devblog February 24 Mar 3 2024 The Old Realms 2 comments The Old Realms is a fan made mod project for the game Mount & Blade: Bannerlord. This project is 100% unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop... The Clone Wars Recreated - Showcase Version - Patch 0.2 Mar 3 2024 The Clone Wars Recreated Total Conversion (v1.0) Just before the release of Massive Update 1.0 and Combat Update 3.0 with new gameplay and engine improvements (Including the Showcase build) - Patch 0.2... Morels: The Hunt 2 Releases on Steam April 17th 2024. New Gameplay Trailer! Mar 3 2024 Morels: The Hunt 2 ‘Morels: The Hunt 2’ Challenges You To Become One With Nature In Unique Simulation Game Coming To STEAM. The first devlog for Toll Of The Dead Mar 3 2024 Toll Of The Dead Welcome to our first devlog. In our first devblog we will intrudoce you to the game we are creating. Chapéu Mangueira - Map #30 Mar 2 2024 Call of Duty Rio Chapéu Mangueira is the newest map for Call of Duty Rio! Release of the first Version will be soon Mar 2 2024 N64-GOLDPACK 1 comment I made this project basically to experiment and have some fun while picking up on some things. Each level offered different thoughts and forced me to... Were is World Beyond now? Mar 2 2024 World Beyond The World Beyond mod for the game, "Half - Life" is getting an refresh! CFCS Release 7 Patch 9 - Released Mar 2 2024 Crimson Fields, Crimson Skies Pleased to announce the release of Patch 9 for CFCS Release 7. The biggest thing this adds is the new Communist Campaign for the Korean War, and both... Spider Fox officially releases April 3rd on Steam! Mar 2 2024 Spider Fox Rescue & Save Helpless Animals In Need Of Aid! Previously announced Spider Fox is scheduled to release on PC via STEAM™ on April 3rd this spring. Produced... Post article | More articles >> No articles were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the article list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Post article and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments. Add file RSS Latest Files Auto Resolve for Galactic Conquest 1hour ago Star Wars Battlefront II Singleplayer Map Adds an Auto Resolve Button to Galactic Conquest. Enabled on Space battles, or both Land and Space. Also has an option for the player to always win. [Resource] VectorIV's Jazzie Spurs's Starstreak APC 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. [Resource] Rocket Buggy 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. ESHQ update to v 13.10.1 1hour ago ESHQ Patch Actual fixes and improvements from the current cycle of updates ESHQ 13.10.1 (archive) 1hour ago ESHQ Full Version Complete mod assembly with the latest fixes and improvements from the current cycle of updates [Resource] Crusader Tank 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack 1 comment To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. [Resource] Chinese Particle Cannon (Unfinished) 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. [Resource] Chinese Cold Fusion Reactor (Unfinished) 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. [Resource] Bradley IFV 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. [Resource] Adv ECM Tank 1hour ago C&C Generals Zero Hour: Enhanced Model Pack To celebrate the upcoming ZHE 1.0.0 release, I've decided to do a giveaway. Add file | More files >> No files were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the file list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Add file and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments. Add mod Popular Mods View All Top Mods S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat Brutal Doom Doom Roguelike Adventure MarineGo Battle for Middle Earth Patch 2.22 Battle for Middle-earth FM-Zocker - We Are Football Modifications WE ARE FOOTBALL 2024 Unification Mod - Dawn of War: SoulStorm Dawn of War The Old Realms Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord Dawn of War II: Codex Edition Dawn of War II: Retribution Age of the Ring Battle for Middle-earth II: Rise of the Witch King STAR WARS Battlefront 2 Remaster Star Wars Battlefront II Add game Popular Games View All Top Games C&C: Generals Zero Hour Real Time Strategy Mount & Blade: Warband Role Playing Star Wars Battlefront II First Person Shooter Half-Life First Person Shooter Doom II First Person Shooter Doom First Person Shooter Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord Role Playing Medieval II: Total War: Kingdoms Real Time Strategy Half-Life 2 First Person Shooter Battlefield 2 First Person Shooter Add job Jobs View All Post Job Ad Clevrer Lead Concept Artist Needed Clevrer Lead Gameplay Designer Compeer Entertainment [Revenue Share] General/AI Programmer Compeer Entertainment [Revenue Share] Animator/Rigger Diamond Games Awesome! Team looking for UE5 "Developer","Animator" Diamond Games Amazing! "UE4 Programmer","Blueprints", "Programming", "C++" Diamond Games Amazing Team Looking For More Talent!, "programmer", "CPP", "C++", "UE5" Forum Discussion View Forums Active Topics 7hours ago LayaAir engine Released alpha version 3.1 with built-in AIGC features Mar 4 2024 After article gets archived, can it be fixed? Mar 3 2024 PC Hardware Upgrades Mar 3 2024 archive button Mar 3 2024 Mobile version Mar 1 2024 FakeVolumeFogPainter Report Poll Why do you mod games? To learn game development To make games better For fame and/or fortune For enjoyment of seeing people play and enjoy my mods Add download Popular Files S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly 1.5.1 Full Version 8.75gb S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly 1.5.1 to 1.5.2 Update Patch 1.01gb WAF 2024 - Season 23/24 - Real Name Database Other 3.61gb ALL IN ONE BFME LAUNCHER Full Version 101.61mb WAF 2024 - Season 23/24 - Player pictures for Real Name Database Other 10.19gb Vanilla UI Plus (New Vegas) 9.48 Full Version 742.61kb Brutal Doom v22 Beta Test 3 Demo 118.09mb Mental Omega 3.3.0 Full Version 403.36mb DOW II: Codex Edition v3.0 Full Version 5.56gb [INSTALLER] ETW2 - V4.3 - FULL INSTALLER Full Version 20.62gb Mod SDK & Community Enable mods in-game with mod.io, a SDK you can integrate in-game to tap into your communities creativity and grow your game with UGC Cookies | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Blog | About | Advertise | Contact | Submit Mod | Cross-Platform Mod Support | Site Map © 2002 - 2024 DBolical Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 5964 modders.