CSX rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services - CSX.com CSX $ / ShipCSX / REPORT AN EMERGENCY: 1-800-232-0144 / About Us Community Customers Suppliers Investors Working at CSX History and Evolution From horse-drawn rail cars to electric locomotives, CSX celebrates a rich history covering almost 190 years. Scroll through time to explore our history and heritage. Media At CSX, we strive to effectively communicate our vision to our customers, partners, and communities. Read our press releases and view our ads and videos. About Us Company Overview Responsibility Projects and Partnerships Contact Us Media Property System Map Safety FAQs History & Evolution A Legacy of Locomotives State Information Pride in Service The mission of CSX’s Pride in Service program is to honor our nation’s military and first responders through a unique community investment commitment. Charitable Investments Learn about our monetary and in-kind grants and apply for support for your nonprofit organization. Community Pride in Service Charitable Investments Volunteer Service Service Partners Public Safety CSX in Service Intermodal Intermodal combines the efficiencies of rail with the flexibility of truck. CSX Real Estate Covering 23 states in the East, Midwest and South; the District of Columbia and 2 Canadian provinces, our skilled professionals bring a proven track record to our clients, our communities and your projects. Customers Performance Measures Customer Service New to CSX or Rail? Intermodal Commodities Business Development CSX Greenway Customer Environmental Excellence Awards Value - Added Services Short Line and Regional Railroads Maps Safety and Security Publications & Tariffs News Resources Supplier Information Get answers to your questions about investment recovery; purchase orders, invoicing and payment; and shipping materials. Corporate Social Responsibility Visit our Corporate Social Responsibility section to learn more about how our material and service suppliers can help make a positive impact on CSX corporate sustainability efforts. Suppliers Who We Are Our Policies Doing Business With Us Environmental, Social, and Governance Report Supplier Diversity FAQs Contact Us Key Service Measures See weekly performance metrics for Train Velocity, Terminal Dwell and Cars Online. Quarterly Earnings Materials View our quarterly earnings materials, including presentations, financial reports, Form 10-Q and more. Investors Financials Metrics News & Events Stock Information Management Environmental, Social and Governance Resources More Information Have questions about your username or password? Need to check the status of your application? Get answers with our frequently asked questions. The Hiring Process Learn how the job search and application process works at CSX. Working at CSX Search Job Openings and Apply Hiring Process Job Overviews Learn More About CSX Meet Our Employees Policies FAQs Contact Us Employees Retiree Gateway CSX announces fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial and operating results. Review the performance materials. Learn More Review the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report, highlighting the company’s sustainability performance in the areas of safety, environment, workforce, communities and governance. Read now CSX has an enhanced carbon emissions reduction calculator that will help shippers achieve their supply chain sustainability objectives. Learn More Move your career forward with CSX! Check out our job openings and be a part of the company that’s redefining freight transportation. Learn More CSX Pride in Service, a corporate community investment program, honors and supports those who serve our country and communities – our nation’s veterans, active military, and first responders. Learn More Our customers ship everything from soybeans to SUVs and rely on CSX to deliver the excellent transportation service they need to support and grow their business. Learn More Customers Become a Customer Commodities System Maps ShipCSX Investors Quarterly Earnings Materials Events & Presentations Weekly Carload Reports Stock Information News February 15, 2024 - CSX Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Operating Officer to Address Barclays Industrial Select Conference February 14, 2024 - CSX Corporation Announces Increase to Quarterly Dividend CSX Introduces ChatBot to Streamline Real Estate Inquiries CSX Releases 10th Heritage Locomotive, Unveils RF&P 1836 CSX Reaches Paid Sick Leave Agreements with Four Unions CSX Receives Silver Anthem Award for Pride in Service Community Initiative CSX Unveils Monon Heritage Locomotive CSX CEO Discusses Industry-Leading Service on CNBC 'Squawk on the Street' Show More Cecilia Schmierer Earns Railway Age 'Fast Tracker' Honor CSX Recognized as Industry Service Leader CSX Leads Industry in Intermodal Customer Satisfaction Thousands Trained Through CSX Community Safety Initiatives in 2023 Locomotive Honoring the New York Central Railroad Added to CSX Heritage Series CSX Earns Newsweek Recognition as One of America's Greatest Workplaces for Diversity Show More Kevin Boone Named to Top 100 Global Sales Leaders for 2023 Next Gen PTC Advances CSX's Technological Transformation CSX Included on Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 13th Consecutive Year CSX Partners with Nutrien to Improve Asset Utilization and Reduce GHG Emissions CSX Ranks High on Newsweek's 'Most Responsible' Companies List CSX Heritage Series Adds Locomotive Honoring the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad WORKING AT CSX Be part of the team working to make CSX the best run railroad in North America. Learn more about available careers with CSX and take the first step to becoming a CSX railroader. LEARN MORE ABOUT OPPORTUNITIES WITH CSX WORKING AT CSX SEARCH OPENINGS AND APPLY Operate Safely Improve Customer Service Control Costs Optimize Asset Utilization Value and Develop Employees The Guiding Principles of SCHEDULED RAILROADING Scheduled railroading is transforming CSX into a more efficient and reliable railroad. Based on five guiding principles — safety, service, cost control, asset utilization and people — scheduled railroading is both an operating model and a shared commitment to excellence. OPERATE SAFELY Maintain 100% compliance with safety and operating rules 100% of the time to protect our employees, our customers’ freight, and the communities in which we operate. IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE Do what we say we are going to do. Know your customer and understand how you can drive value. Proactively communicate at all times including when we cannot meet our commitments. CONTROL COSTS Eliminate unnecessary steps that add complexity and costs. OPTIMIZE ASSET UTILIZATION Do more with less by maximizing the value of our assets through increased transit speed and lower dwell. VALUE AND DEVELOP EMPLOYEES Act with integrity, make sure employees know what is expected of them and reward them when they do the right things, and always strive to get better. COMMUNITY INVESTMENT By operating responsibly, generating economic opportunities, and giving back, CSX makes a positive impact in the communities where we operate. Each year, CSX contributes millions of dollars in grants and in-kind donations to nonprofit organizations. We also offer community service opportunities for employees and their families. CSX Pride in Service Honoring veterans, active military and first responders Impacting more than 100,000 heroes and their families Multi-million dollar commitment through not-for-profit partnerships Learn More Employees Retirees ShipCSX Log In Company Store Contact Us Mobile Site Privacy Terms of Use Corporate Structure CSX Responsible Disclosure Policy EMAIL SIGN-UP Subscribe to receive CSX Press Releases EMAIL SIGN-UP Subscribe to receive CSX Press Releases Subscribe to receive Customer Service Advisories © 2016 CSX Corporation We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our Privacy Policy to learn more. Accept