Codecov - The Leading Code Coverage Solution Try Codecov Pro for Free for 14 days Product Features Integrations Docs API Status Docs Customers Blog Pricing Help Pro Support Enterprise Support Community Contact Us Login GitHub GitLab Bitbucket Sentry Get Started Product Overview Features Integrations Getting Started Documentation API Status Customers Blog Docs Pricing Contact Login Code Coverage: More Than a Metric. Codecov is the all-in-one code coverage reporting solution for any test suite — giving developers actionable insights to deploy reliable code with confidence. Trusted by over 29,000 organizations. Try Codecov for Free Get Demo Get Started For Free Login Try Codecov for Free Enhance Your Testing the Codecov Way Get Code Coverage Insights Directly in Your Workflow Code coverage pull request comments allow you to quickly analyze your PR's coverage and risk without leaving your workflow. Reduce the guesswork - use status checks to set customizable quality gates and let your CI do the rest. Identify where tests can help you avoid errors in production through our Sentry Integration. See Features A Holistic View Into ALL of Your Code Coverage View all coverage reporting in one place. Cross-repo analytics to enhance the visibility into your microservice architecture. If you can test it, we can use it. Codecov can be used with any language, CI Tool, Test Suite and Code Host. Get Started for Free Separate Your Testing Concerns Create custom statuses and group coverage in your repo without modifying your test setup with Components. Focus your team's attention on the most relevant insights with customizable coverage analysis. Need to do further investigation? Get insights, historical trends, or analytics by flag, in the app. Get Started Spend Less Time Running Tests Separate and categorize your coverage reports to the relevant tests and features in your product with Carryforward Flags - ideal for monorepos and multi-test setups Run only the tests you need on a PR by PR basis, automatically, and without adding anything to the developer workflow. Get Covered Code Coverage for Any Tech Stack Codecov seamlessly integrates with the majority of programming languages, all CI tools and code hosts, including the following: Languages Python JavaScript Ruby C Go PHP Scala Apex Bash C# C++ Clojure Kotlin Dart Rust F# Elixir D Erlang Fortran Groovy Powershell Haskell Julia Lua Objective-C Perl R Swift Typescript Vala Xcode Xtend CI Platforms GitHub Actions GitLab CI Travis CI CircleCI Bitrise Jenkins Bamboo AppVeyor Azure Pipelines Bitbucket Pipelines Buildkite Codefresh Drone Shippable Wercker Buildbot Code Hosts GitHub GitLab Bitbucket GitHub Enterprise GitLab CE / EE Bitbucket Server “Codecov unifies coverage data in one place and visualizes the data very well. It also provides the API to query the data for analytics purposes. For our usage, it provides the feedback on pull requests directly and nicely improves the developer experience to shorten the feedback loop so that they can fix their issues more quickly.” Jun Li, Staff Software Engineer, Lyft Ready to get started? Get Better Code Coverage Insights with Codecov by Sentry. Try for Free Product Features Integrations Documentation API Status Solutions Open Source Enterprise Startups Education Customers Customers Case Studies Community Resources Webinars Blog Documentation Company Team Press Careers Contact Us Contact Demo Pro Support Enterprise Support Community Board Terms of Service Privacy Security GDPR Data Processing Addendum © 2024 • SENTRY IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF FUNCTIONAL SOFTWARE, INC. Before we redirect you to GitHub... In order to use Codecov an admin must approve your org. Continue to GitHub → Continue to GitHub (Public Repos Only) →