Free personality test, type descriptions, relationship and career advice | 16Personalities Skip to main content Skip to search Personality Test Personality Types Analysts Intuitive (N) and Thinking (T) personality types, known for their rationality, impartiality, and intellectual excellence. Architect (INTJ) Logician (INTP) Commander (ENTJ) Debater (ENTP) Diplomats Intuitive (N) and Feeling (F) personality types, known for their empathy, diplomatic skills, and passionate idealism. Advocate (INFJ) Mediator (INFP) Protagonist (ENFJ) Campaigner (ENFP) Sentinels Observant (S) and Judging (J) personality types, known for their practicality and focus on order, security, and stability. Logistician (ISTJ) Defender (ISFJ) Executive (ESTJ) Consul (ESFJ) Explorers Observant (S) and Prospecting (P) personality types, known for their spontaneity, ingenuity, and flexibility. Virtuoso (ISTP) Adventurer (ISFP) Entrepreneur (ESTP) Entertainer (ESFP) Premium Suites Specialized Tests Personal Growth Discover and understand your strengths and weaknesses. Relationships Deepen your relationships, both romantic and otherwise. Career Kick-start your career or get better at navigating it. Teams Resources Articles Get tips, advice, and deep insights into various topics. Specialized Guides Get focused, thorough guides on highly specific topics. New Research Explore and participate in our latest surveys. Theory Understand the meaning and impact of personality traits. Country Profiles Examine our regional and country personality profiles. Search Language Log In Take the Test “It’s so incredible to finally be understood.” Only 10 minutes to get a “freakishly accurate” description of who you are and why you do things the way you do. Take the Test 831K+ Tests taken today 2M+ Tests taken in Vietnam 1068M+ Total tests taken 91.2% Results rated as accurate or very accurate Personality types Understand others In our free type descriptions you’ll learn what really drives, inspires, and worries different personality types, helping you build more meaningful relationships. Teams Understand your team better Understand your team better with our Team Assessments. Improve communication, create harmony, and help team members develop their individual strengths. Works for teams of all sizes. Testimonials See what others have to say Benny Architect (INTJ-A) Incredibly thorough and scary. It’s like someone putting a mirror to your face and you seeing your true self whether you like it or not. Nicole Advocate (INFJ-T) Wow! This site is just AMAZING! I took the test and the results were so spot on, I felt like I had been vindicated. Like someone finally gets me and I'm not a weirdo. Caroline Defender (ISFJ-A) Reading this profile is comforting, exciting, inspiring, and a little bit freaky :) It’s great to have my strengths and weaknesses so clearly articulated. Marta Commander (ENTJ-A) It is awesome to read something that describes you so well... and knowing you are not a weirdo! I did not expect a profile so accurate. Melody Advocate (INFJ-T) Everything just fell into place. I could finally breathe freely, as if my body and mind were unshackled. I found a part of myself that I had lost years prior: my passion. Margarita Adventurer (ISFP-A) I was really pleased reading my profile. What started as a fun online test, finished as a deep and insightful look at my everyday life, work and relationships. Dorrian Advocate (INFJ-T) This profile has opened up a Pandora’s box of ideas. I felt as though someone was reading my mind. Such a valuable tool for self-evaluation and real introspection. Roald Commander (ENTJ-T) The accuracy of this profile was almost unnerving at first. The mechanisms of my mind are described in a strikingly accurate way. It is truly eye opening. Curious how accurate we are about you? ©2011-2024 NERIS Analytics Limited Contact Testimonials Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy For Teams Join Us!