Wegmans Food Markets: Grocery & Meal Delivery or Curbside Stores Pharmacy Meals 2GO & Catering Meals & Recipes Digital Coupons Health & Nutrition Careers My Items Sign In × Sign In × let’s dig in As a new Wegmans member, you now have exclusive access to all we have to offer—including the time-saving and wallet-friendly features of the Wegmans App. Download the App Start Shopping let’s dig in As a new Wegmans member, you now have exclusive access to all we have to offer—including the time-saving and wallet-friendly features of the Wegmans App. Download the App Start Shopping So much more to explore view and clip your digital coupons discover how we’re making a difference learn a little more about us We are committed to offering you consistent low prices on the items families use most. Over the past few years, record inflation, rising fuel costs, and supply chain issues have made it difficult to keep our prices consistently low. At this point, many of our costs have begun to stabilize, with some being substantially lower such as eggs, milk, and avocados—and we passed that savings on to you. And we will continue to do so as our costs go down. We check prices weekly to ensure this, while also offering additional savings on our Family Pack and Wegmans Brand items every day. Buy What You Want When You Want It + Read More Save on Breakfast & Lunch Faves Save on Breakfast & Lunch Faves Shop All helping you put affordable meals on the table Make our delicious Easy Vegetable Minestrone Soup recipe tonight for only $2.50 per serving. View Recipe Find More Meals helping you put affordable meals on the table Make our delicious Easy Vegetable Minestrone Soup recipe tonight for only $2.50 per serving. View Recipe Find More Meals Our Favorites This Week Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan Sheet Pan Salmon with Tomatoes & Capers Recipe Gold Pan Lemon Pepper Salmon crave & save on your favorites Back for a limited time! Enjoy special pricing on poke, sushi, pizza, and more. Order on Meals 2GO crave & save on your favorites Back for a limited time! Enjoy special pricing on poke, sushi, pizza, and more. Order on Meals 2GO Crave & Save Shop All chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now Bringing You Our Best Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan A Fish Market Unlike Any Other Gold Pan Lemon Pepper Salmon Bringing You Our Best Gold Pan Zuppa di Mare Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan Gold Pan Lemon Pepper Salmon Bringing You Our Best Gold Pan Zuppa di Mare Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan Gold Pan Lemon Pepper Salmon chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now Easy Meals You’ll Love Gold Pan Garlic-Studded Ribeye Steak Pick Your Poke Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now chef prepared, made to savor Perfectly seasoned and ready for your oven, our Gold Pan entrees cook right in the pan for an incredible no-prep meal any night. Shop Now Easy Meals You’ll Love Gold Pan Garlic-Studded Ribeye Steak Crave & Save on Your Favorites Gold Pan Chicken Parmesan We are committed to offering you consistent low prices on the items families use most. Over the past few years, record inflation, rising fuel costs, and supply chain issues have made it difficult to keep our prices consistently low. At this point, many of our costs have begun to stabilize, with some being substantially lower such as eggs, milk, and avocados—and we passed that savings on to you. And we will continue to do so as our costs go down. We check prices weekly to ensure this, while also offering additional savings on our Family Pack and Wegmans Brand items every day. Buy What You Want When You Want It + Read More We are committed to offering you consistent low prices on the items families use most. Over the past few years, record inflation, rising fuel costs, and supply chain issues have made it difficult to keep our prices consistently low. At this point, many of our costs have begun to stabilize, with some being substantially lower such as eggs, milk, and avocados—and we passed that savings on to you. And we will continue to do so as our costs go down. We check prices weekly to ensure this, while also offering additional savings on our Family Pack and Wegmans Brand items every day. Buy What You Want When You Want It + Read More Save on Seasonal Favorites Shop All celebrate with corned beef Nothing says “St. Patrick’s Day” quite like corned beef and cabbage! We have everything you need to make this festive meal. Shop Now celebrate with corned beef Nothing says “St. Patrick’s Day” quite like corned beef and cabbage! We have everything you need to make this festive meal. Shop Now St. Patrick’s Day Grab & Go Shop All My Items VIEW ALL protein-packed snacks Did you know eating snacks with protein in the mid-morning and afternoon may help you feel full longer? Check out our tasty options. Shop Now protein-packed snacks Did you know eating snacks with protein in the mid-morning and afternoon may help you feel full longer? Check out our tasty options. Shop Now Protein-Packed Snacks Shop All New Faves! Shop All Learn More Learn More Our Mission Helping people live healthier, better lives through exceptional food. Our Values in Action We Believe In creating a healthier, better planet making our neighborhoods stronger helping you feel your best our winter top 20 wines Check out the highly rated, food-friendly wines we’re enjoying this season. Shop Now our winter top 20 wines Check out the highly rated, food-friendly wines we’re enjoying this season. Shop Now ADVERTISEMENT from our collection to yours The world’s best wines, from our cellar to your door. Enjoy FREE ground shipping on your next $100 order. And save $50 on orders of $150 or more.* Shop Now from our collection to yours The world’s best wines, from our cellar to your door. Enjoy FREE ground shipping on your next $100 order. And save $50 on orders of $150 or more.* Shop Now *Offer valid through 4/30/24. Free ground shipping is automatically applied to qualifying orders. Use promo code “50off150wine” at checkout to receive $50 discount on your order totaling $150 or more. Valid on one order per customer. Century Liquor & Wines only ships in New York State. Wegmans and Nicole’s Wine & Spirits, Inc. are separately owned and operated businesses. Taxes may apply. We are experiencing technical difficulties with Grocery Delivery & Curbside Pickup. We are working on a solution and apologize for the inconvenience. Curbside pickup is now available at our Brooklyn store! We’re sorry, we are experiencing issues sending Instacart order status updates and texting with shoppers. We are working on a solution. Weather Alert: We're sorry, there may be unexpected delays or reduced delivery options due to the inclement weather being forecast for our area. Please check back for availability and updates. Sign in and select your preferred store for accurate pricing. About Us Service Newsroom Contact Us Our Values in Action Health and Nutrition FAQs Chat With Us Events Privacy Policy Terms Accessibility Suppliers Restaurants Site Map Catering Near Me Grocery Delivery & Pickup Business Customers Wegmans Insiders Wegmans App Wegmans Meals 2GO App Additional Wegmans Sites Wegmans Meals 2GO The Burger Bar by Wegmans Amore by Wegmans NEXT DOOR by Wegmans Wegmans Pharmacy Cakes Gift Cards Copyright © 2024 Wegmans Food Markets. All Rights Reserved.