Computer Glossary, Computer Terms - Technology Definitions and Cheat Sheets from WhatIs.com - The Tech Dictionary and IT Encyclopedia WhatIs Search the TechTarget Network Browse Definitions : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Login Register TechTarget Network Tech Accelerator News 2023 IT Salary Survey Results RSS WhatIs Browse Definitions By Topic Please select a category Business software Cloud computing Computer science Data analytics and AI Data centers IT management Networking Security Software development Business software View All ERP HR management Marketing and CX Microsoft Software applications Cloud computing View All Internet applications Internet of Things Web services Computer science View All Electronics Internet technologies IT standards and organizations Microprocessors Robotics Data analytics and AI View All Algorithms Artificial intelligence Data and data management Database management Data centers View All Data backup and disaster recovery Data center management Linux Operating systems Storage Admin Storage and Data Mgmt Virtualization IT management View All Certifications IT career paths IT Operations Personal computing Project management Technical support Networking View All High-speed networks Network Admin Network hardware Networking and communications Wireless and mobile Security View All Authentication and access control Compliance, risk and governance Network security Security Admin Threat management Software development View All Agile software development AppDev DevOps Programming Browse Features Resources Business strategies Career resources Emerging tech Tech explainers Follow: Top Stories Web3 vs. metaverse: What's the difference? Web3 is a project built on blockchain and cryptocurrency, but there can be multiple metaverses. While the techs are intertwined, they have significant differences. AI washing explained: Everything you need to know With hype comes the hucksters. Learn how companies exaggerate the involvement of AI in their products and services, and how to avoid falling for AI washing. View All Learning Content What does vibecession mean and will it continue in 2024? It can be difficult to explain the grim economic outlook when key indicators seemed fine. The term vibecession connects data and consumer perceptions. How to research enterprise tech purchases Conquering the tech buying landscape can be challenging. Learn how to navigate each stage of the buying cycle, identify business goals and integrate insightful research. Browse Definitions By Topic Business software Cloud computing Computer science Data analytics and AI Data centers IT management Networking Security Software development In-Depth Guides What is BCDR? Business continuity and disaster recovery guide Business continuity (BC) and disaster recovery (DR) are closely related practices that support an organization's ability to remain operational after an adverse event. What is data governance and why does it matter? Data governance is the process of managing the availability, usability, integrity and security of the data in enterprise systems, based on internal standards and policies that also control data usage. What is DevOps? The ultimate guide The word 'DevOps' is a combination of the terms 'development' and 'operations,' meant to represent a collaborative or shared approach to the tasks performed by a company's application development and IT operations teams. How to design and build a data center Designing an efficient data center is no small feat. Review data center facility and infrastructure components as well as different standards and suggestions before you begin. What is incident response? A complete guide Incident response is an organized, strategic approach to detecting and managing cyberattacks in ways that minimize damage, recovery time and total costs. The ultimate guide to cybersecurity planning for businesses This in-depth cybersecurity planning guide provides information and advice to help organizations develop a successful strategy to protect their IT systems from attacks. View All In-Depth Guides New & Updated Definitions 3D (three dimensions or three dimensional) 3D, or three dimensional, refers to the three spatial dimensions of width, height and depth. See More. What is BCDR? Business continuity and disaster recovery guide mobile device phishing causal AI desktop virtualization printed circuit board (PCB) primary storage (main storage) context switch Tech News Elon Musk sues Sam Altman, OpenAI for breach of contract US labor shortage, needs of younger workers, worry DOD Amidst a labor shortage, the U.S. Senate committee responsible for the Department of Defense is grappling with strategies to improve civilian ... CISA warns Ivanti ICT ineffective for detecting compromises CISA observed ongoing exploitation against four Ivanti vulnerabilities and found problems with the vendor's Integrity Checker Tool, which is designed... QAD ERP makes platform play with ITP The new QAD Industrial Transformation Platform initiative is designed to provide customers with the applications and processes to become more ... Veeam adds to MS 365, Azure backup-as-a-service market Veeam has added to its portfolio of Microsoft 365 and Azure backup and disaster recovery offerings with its new Veeam Data Cloud, a SaaS subscription... Latest TechTarget resources Networking Security CIO HR Software Customer Experience Networking firewall as a service (FWaaS) Firewall as a service (FWaaS), also known as a cloud firewall, is a service that provides cloud-based network traffic analysis ... private 5G Private 5G is a wireless network technology that delivers 5G cellular connectivity for private network use cases. NFVi (network functions virtualization infrastructure) NFVi (network functions virtualization infrastructure) encompasses all of the networking hardware and software needed to support ... Security phishing Phishing is a fraudulent practice in which an attacker masquerades as a reputable entity or person in an email or other form of ... computer forensics (cyber forensics) Computer forensics is the application of investigation and analysis techniques to gather and preserve evidence from a particular ... cybersecurity Cybersecurity is the practice of protecting internet-connected systems such as hardware, software and data from cyberthreats. CIO conflict-free replicated data type (CRDT) A conflict-free replicated data type (CRDT) is a data structure that lets multiple people or applications make changes to the ... Risk Management Framework (RMF) The Risk Management Framework (RMF) is a template and guideline used by companies to identify, eliminate and minimize risks. robotic process automation (RPA) Robotic process automation (RPA) is a technology that mimics the way humans interact with software to perform high-volume, ... HRSoftware OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) encourage companies to set, communicate and monitor organizational goals and results in an ... cognitive diversity Cognitive diversity is the inclusion of people who have different styles of problem-solving and can offer unique perspectives ... reference checking software Reference checking software is programming that automates the process of contacting and questioning the references of job ... Customer Experience martech (marketing technology) Martech (marketing technology) refers to the integration of software tools, platforms, and applications designed to streamline ... transactional marketing Transactional marketing is a business strategy that focuses on single, point-of-sale transactions. customer profiling Customer profiling is the detailed and systematic process of constructing a clear portrait of a company's ideal customer by ... Browse by Topic Browse Resources About Us Meet The Editors Editorial Ethics Policy Contact Us Advertisers Business Partners Events Media Kit Corporate Site Reprints All Rights Reserved, Copyright 1999 - 2024, TechTarget Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Close