Nuru massage | Erotic&Body Rub | massage NYC | Manhattan & Midtown ABOUT MODELS rates blog CONTACTS NURUELITE Convinient LOCATION About ABOUT NURU STUDIONURU PRACTICETypes of massagesManhattan, NYCBodyRubABOUT NURU STUDIO Nuru massage Studio Nuru massage Studio is a popular, well-known center for erotic massage (Manhattan), located in Manhattan, NY. The massage parlor provides a large number of beautiful masseuses, among which a potential client can choose the most appropriate for him. Nuru massage Studio also provides various types of erotic massage (Manhattan), including Nuru massage as the main one and other kinds of nude massage (Midtown). NURU PRACTICE Nuru massage practice is Midtown One of the main centers of Nuru massage practice is Midtown (New York City), NY, where there are many parlors, providing massage service. Currently, there are many communities, groups and individuals who use and are simply interested in Nuru massage. Massage outcall Today there are many popular and effective massages, one of which is the so-called tantric massage. Tantric massage is based primarily on the spiritual union of both partners. Body pleasurable sensations are not the goal of tantric massage. They often act as elements that expand and enrich tantric massage sessions. Tantric massage allows you to strengthen not only the human body, but also the soul, therefore it is traditionally very popular. Today, many massage salons in New York City offer tantric massage to their clients by using different tantric massage techniques. Nuru massage outcall Nuru massage outcall is another very popular nude massage, during which the masseuse’s naked body rubs against the naked body of her partner. Such close contact of the two naked bodies makes Nuru massage very effective for both the masseuse and her partner. During the Nuru massage, both bodies are maximally relaxed. The partners experience sweet sensations. Thus, Nuru massage body rub can be used not only as an effective therapeutic and prophylactic agent, but also as a pleasant entertainment. Types of massages Erotic massage The benefits of erotic massage are beyond doubt. In this article you will find out what is needed for erotic massage, what goals and what kind performance, and also many interesting things. Creates an atmosphere of pleasant sensual pleasure. Erotic massage is a massage, the main purpose of which is to deliver a maximum of pleasant sensations. This is a complete relaxation without sex. Your body becomes for you one of the greatest pleasures. It includes a thoughtful sequence of relaxing classical massage techniques, stimulating body-Thai massage techniques, exotic massage «Sakura branch» and other types of massage that you have chosen. Most types of erotic massage are conducted using 4 key methods: 1. crushing, 2. Friction, 3. smoothing, 4. Vibration. Kneading helps to quickly remove lactic acid and carbon dioxide from tissues, so this method is recommended after training, as well as after heavy physical exertion. Thanks to the kneading of the muscle fibers, they are well stretched, thereby improving the elasticity of the muscle tissue, and the muscular strength increases systematically. Anti-stress massage of the body is a necessary procedure for every inhabitant of a large city. It refreshes the skin, increases immunity, fights chronic fatigue and helps to establish sleep. Anti-stress massage relieves muscle tension, tones up the vascular system, relaxes the nervous system and normalizes the heart. Thanks to this massage you can relax and regain your strength. Erotic massage can be one of the ways to know a friend, and for someone it can be an effective way to find new sensations, much more diverse and sensual than one might have guessed before. If you are too tired or depressed to enjoy sex, an erotic massage will help you relax and, without straining, experience a lot of new, beautiful, sensual experiences. Erotic massage can act both relaxing and toning. However, you will not need to sleep under any circumstances: as the tired muscles relax, your feelings will become aggravated to the limit. Sensual, deeply penetrating, slow movements will help your body realize all its erotic potential. Making you forget about the worries and worries of the world around you, erotic massage will give strength for quiet unhurried sex, which brings special pleasure! So, sit back, light the candles and start watching our heroes. In front of you will appear a world of incredibly sensual eroticism and charming intimacy. Try this again! Tantric massage Mysterious, with eastern meaning, the word «tantra» literally means «touch.» Tantric massage, based on the principles of Indian yoga, is based on surprisingly harmonious erotic touches. This is more than just a massage and some wonderful actions that are brought to perfection of art thanks to the organic combination of elegant female and powerful male energies. Some human organs are hypersensitive. These include: auricles, sacrum, legs, female breast, prostate. With direct impact on these zones, a person receives a huge energy potential and, as a consequence, the effect of rejuvenation. A mysterious game in which the girl gives unforgettable emotions, touching the genitals of her client. A person can be completely relaxed and, perhaps, also participate in the game, and tell the girl that he brings the greatest pleasure. The masseuse softly touches the genitals, replaces him with intense stimulating movements, and this sweet game continues until the person has reached the apogee. Thai massage Thai massage is one of the main ways to improve your health. Every massage therapist offers to his clients Thai massage as the main kind of massage. This helps not only to relax the body, but also to improve your health. The flow of blood is restored after the first massage. A beautiful masseuse will be gentle and at the same time with a precise massage in the places that you have the most sensitive. This will help with Thai massage to ease your stress, accumulated during the day, improve your digestion, by massage in the stomach area. You can also do this with the other half. Masseurs will make the best and best massage, which will make you happy! Four hand massage For complete and deep relaxation, removal of fatigue, stress, it is most effective to visit or order a 4-hand massage at home. The procedure will bring unforgettable pleasure, and with this effect on the body, the skin will be marked by a double effect. The massage session is a pleasant procedure, during which you can relax, take your mind off everyday life, relieve stress and just have fun. The procedure is usually carried out by one specialist. But recently there was a unique service — massage in four hands. This procedure can really be considered a real pleasure. What is its essence and features? -In this process are simultaneously involved 2 masseurs. While one performs massage on the back, waist, arms, chest, the second specialist massages the hips, ankles, leg muscles, legs. That is, the body is directly affected in several areas. This makes the massage more effective, because all the muscles of the body are intensively and carefully designed; -The client experiences great sensations. Working with a massage therapist, you can easily «observe» the work of his hands. But if the massage is performed by two specialists at once, it is impossible to follow their hands, attention is dissipated. After the first few minutes the client simply stops trying to understand who does massage and where? You just relaxes and gets an unearthly pleasure; -A four-handed massage provides high-quality technique of the procedure, since no one centimeter of the body is missed and does not remain without attention. Such a massage, regardless of the method of influence, brings the following impressions: The client gets a deep relaxation; After the procedure there is an optimistic mood; Completely, without rest, relieves tension, fatigue, stress and emotions; Despite the pleasant sensations, unforgettable emotions, this procedure is very useful for improving the body. It is not surprising that after the massage the man feels an improvement. Japanese massage Every day the Japanese massage is gaining popularity. Reviews of cosmetologists say that this technique is very effective. After the second session, the skin is significantly smoothed. And since this massage affects the bones, it also returns them to the correct position. In addition, the procedure affects the connective tissue, muscles are activated, and the face begins to shine with freshness. Adult massage is erotic You will come to our massage room, and our girls will invite you to a cozy private room, where candles are burning and smells like your favoritefragrance.You will be offered a warm, relaxing shower. Masseuse will help in this.Then she will offer to lie down on the sofa and will do the massage that you have chosen.A gentle touch of a beautiful girl will make you go to the world of unforgettable sensations.She will passionately massage you in such a way that you will want to continue.Do not be afraid to experiment there are not and can not be any prohibitions. Body rub massage Body rub massage the easier the touch, the sharper the reaction of the nerve endings. The skin of the inner surface of the thighs and hands, the occiput, and the skin under the knees and in the genital area are especially sensitive to weightless stroking. The rhythmic touch of open palms, when one hand replaces another, creates a feeling of touching a multitude of hands. It is especially exciting for massage of hands and feet. The difference between erotic massage and classical massage is that it can be performed on the front surface of the body, including the abdomen and genitals. It is the inaccessibility of what is so close that causes the blood to repeatedly boil over the veins, awakening the latent possibilities, dormant within the tired body. Especially these procedures are necessary for middle-aged men, who the therapeutic properties of erotic massage give an opportunity to feel rejuvenated for several years and full of inexhaustible sexual energy. Body to body massage Body to body massage, which uses various oils and fragrances From the outside it looks very nice, interesting and romantic. He lies on a special massage table, and she, with light movements, begins to rub various oils and other fragrant things into the skin. And, of course, not to mention that the use of erotic massage of the body to body is not limited to a relaxing effect. Increasing potency is another important sign of an erotic session that does not have another type of massage procedure. But once again we remember that erotic massage has nothing to do with the usual act of copulation. The beneficial effect of erotic massage on the body and sexual potential is achieved through the skillful methods of charming masseuses who with their soft hands and beautiful body act on the partner’s erogenous zones. Bodywork massage The bodywork massage procedure begins in the bathroom: the girl prepares the bathroom, adds soap to water, aromatic essential oil mixtures, then sheds the client and shows herself. After soapy massage in the bathroom, you go to the mattress, where the girl continues to make a complex massage with dizzy monsters. Then it is wiped from above, then skilfully slides between you and the mattress. In general, it is worth noting that Thai girls skillfully «manipulate» the client’s erogenous zones: they know exactly the ranges of tolerability of caresses when excitement goes into inhibition. A good effect of erotic massage affects the body and sexual potential is achieved through the skillful methods of charming masseuses who with their soft hands and beautiful body act on the partner’s erogenous zones. A tall girl will suggest that you take off your clothes and sit on a massage table. You will be amazed at the sexuality of a specialist, and an intimate atmosphere with elements of burning candles and stench will greatly arouse your woobes. To make you as relaxed as possible, the beauty will take off her clothes and hurry to lubricate your strong body with oil, and then start working with your hands. When a naked girl does sensual massage for a person, you will want to continue the massage. Exotic massage Exotic massage is a technique with the use of animals, insects, molluscs and unusual objects for giving the skin tone and its recovery. Now in many beauty salons the list of services is constantly increasing. Not so long ago in large cities there were cosmetology rooms that offer clients massage with ahaatinas, snakes, cacti and other strange living organisms. Snails Snakes Bamboo Jade Knives Bird droppings Cacti Shells Fiery Hot pancakes Hawaiian Singing bowls Ivory Sticks Such a huge list of exotic types of massage that you can get in the salon where there are professionals in this business. Massage parlor Massage parlor is equipped so that you are in it only with a masseuse, which means that no one will see you and you can rest without fear for your reputation. In the interior there are several rooms, a shower room, a toilet. You come to the massage room and choose a room where you will be given a massage, the masseuse will help you take a shower. Then you lie on the massage table and get the selected types of massage. In the room, only candles or muted lamps are lit. Massage has a general strengthening effect on the body, it can speed up the process of tissue repair, repair joints, remove swelling and adhesions. Aromatic oils, music, woody smells help to relax and enjoy the atmosphere of the room and massage. Nobody and nothing prevents you from enjoying the massage. We care about the comfort and comfort of our customers, so we are constantly improving the quality of the massage salon. Undoubtedly, the choice of erotic massage is everyone’s business. But how to understand what kind of massage is best, and where it should be made, so that it is reliable and anonymous. The best massage The best massage is one that brings you pleasure, both spiritual and physical. We can only advise you several types of erotic massage, but you have to choose yourself. In any case, whatever you choose, you will want to repeat it. For most people around the world, massage is a means to enjoy, relax and get new unusual sensations. Based on the natural desire of a person to caress the body of a loved one and give him pleasure, an erotic massage represents a road leading to a new world of previously unknown erotic delights. Massage serves as a link between sex and true intimacy. Nude massage Nude massage is a massage of the whole body, in which the whole body participates. For a long time, the art of massage was familiar only to professional masseurs. Today it becomes available to a wide range of people. Moreover, the fashion includes erotic massage — sensual and gentle, capable of delivering maximum pleasure and relaxation. The authors of the program will acquaint you with the technique of classical Swedish and the subtleties of the French massage and they guarantee you a unique pleasure and unforgettable sensations. It is generally accepted that nude massage is one of the most effective ways not only to restore or strengthen a person’s health, but also to get pleasant sensations. Thanks to the close contact of the masseuse with her partner, the maximum effectiveness of the nude massage is easily achieved. Thanks to this fact, nude massages are widespread and popular not only in New York, but also throughout the country and around the world. Manhattan, NYC Tired of your daily routines and want to change your lifestyle? Want to try something new and unusual? Do you dream to get an unforgettable experience and completely relax? Do you want to improve your health? Then you are in the right place! Best nude massages in Manhattan, NYC Our massage studio located in NYC, NY offers you the best nude massages from one of the leading massage studios not only in New York City, but also across the United States. Thanks to our widest massage service range, you can easily and fast select the massage service that completely meets your needs, desires, and tastes. The high-end services our massage studio provides are bound not only to make your body and mind healthy and strong, but also deliver you joy and lots of unforgettable pleasant sensations. Don’t miss the chance to plunge into the world of extraordinary sensations you are most unlikely to have ever experienced! Nuru as one of the leading adult massages in NYC Erotic massage is known to be widespread and fairly popular in NYC and its surroundings among both professional masseuses and common massage fans. Thanks to its essential properties, the Nuru massage is currently most demanded in NYC massage parlors and salons. We also pay close attention to this kind of erotic message and always provide our customers with a Nuru massage service of high quality. The high quality of the service allows our customers to get what they initially counted on. Why do people greatly appreciate Nuru massage? The main feature of Nuru massage is the close contact between the body of the masseuse and the body of her partner. Before the start of the massage session, both partners completely undress and lubricate their bodies with a special lubricant — Nuru gel, which provides a comfortable, pleasant and easy sliding of the masseuse’s body along the surface of the body of her partner. During the session, the masseuse rubs her body against the body of her partner, not only delivering pleasant sensations to her partner, but also providing a powerful healing effect. It is the close contact of the two naked bodies that makes Nuru massage a pleasant and effective treatment procedure. What are the main features of Nuru massage in our massage studio? Nuru massage effectively affects both the patient’s mind and his body. Nuru massage does not take too much of your time. Nuru massage is done in a separate special room. All necessary massage accessories are initially included in the service price. You not only get benefits for your health, but also experience extraordinary pleasant sensations during the session. Nuru massage price Although many sensual massage parlors and studios in the city of New York are ready to offer you Nuru massage services, only a few of them can provide you with the high quality of this extraordinary type of erotic massage at an affordable price. Our Nuru massage studio always strives to meet our customers desires and needs. We are always ready to provide you with attractive prices for high quality Nuru massage service in different areas of New York, including Bronx, Midtown, and Manhattan. Moreover, we are always ready to offer significant discounts to our regular customers. Wide range of high-quality massage services The main massages provided by our massage studio is Nuru and other body-to-body massages. However, we provide a wide range of different massages such as Shiatsu, Thai massage, Swedish massage and so forth. From our wide range of massages, you can always select the massage that best suits your tastes, desires and needs. Our wide staff of professional highly experienced skilled talented masseuses is a good guarantee for your successful high quality massage anyway. Some words about our masseuses One of the main components of a successful high-quality massage is known to be masseuses. Our massage studio employs professional masseuses with extensive experience and high skills. Thanks to their knowledge, experience and skills, all massage procedures are certain to become a real pleasure for you. When booking Nuru massage in our massage studio, you yourself select the girl who, in your opinion, best suits your tastes, needs and desires in terms of massage. A large selection of slender and beautiful masseuses is certain to make your choice of the desirable masseuse an easy and enjoyable thing. Is it worth booking the Nuru massage service? Are you still thinking whether it is worth trying this unusual kind of massage service in our NYC Nuru massage studio? Then check info pages on our website and read real reviews of those who have already tried our service and greatly appreciated the high massage skills of our professional masseuses. Do not hesitate to book the most effective, essential and pleasant erotic massage in our studio. And you are sure to get what your mind and body need! If you have some questions to ask us, email or phone us as soon as possible and get comprehensive answers to your questions from our studio’s experienced masseuses and best managers. We are looking forward to meeting you in our massage salon and giving you the high-end service that is bound to change your lifestyle to the better! BodyRub New York City body rubs In New York, among all body rub services, Nuru massage is considered the most effective and therefore is the most popular. Today, many massage salons hire highly experienced masseuses proficient in various body rub techniques with the use of various medicinal essential and aromatic oils. Most New Yorkers use body rub as a pleasure and effective remedy to restore their own health. Many types of body rub do not involve close contact between the masseuse and her partner. These types of massages are very popular as they are relatively cheap. Body rub in Mathattan Body rub is in high demand in all boroughs of New York, including Manhattan and Brooklyn. There are dozens of massage salons in Manhattan that offer their clients popular body rub Mathattan services. Reputable massage salons typically offer their clients a wide range of different body rub treatments, including different massage techniques and a variety of effective high quality essential and aromatic oils, depending on the needs, desires, requirements and tastes of their clients. Body rub in Brooklyn The same applies to Brooklyn, where the body rub Brooklyn service is particularly popular. Like Manhattan, there are now many massage salons operating in Brooklyn, always ready to provide their clients with the widest selection of popular and effective massage techniques, including body rubs. Unfortunately, contemporary medicine is not able to solve many of the problems of a person associated with his health. In such cases, multiple massage techniques of body rub, which use effective essential and aromatic oils, come to their aid. Elite bodyrub NYC Clients’ tastes are known to vary greatly, so massage salons, in an effort to fully satisfy their clients, tend to offer their clients not only different services, but also different levels of the same service. Elite body rub NYC is a massage service that includes everything the client wants and everything that the massage salon can offer to such a fastidious client. In most cases, an elite body rub is more expensive than regular one, but within the session of such an elite body rub massage the client gets everything he wants. Most clients greatly appreciate this type of massage service. Upscale bodyrub NYC Upscale body rub is something all clients need, however, unfortunately, only good massage salons in New York can provide their clients with high-quality massage services including upscale body rub NYC. A good massage salon usually has the following benefits: Great work experience; Experienced professional masseuses; Own premises; All necessary massage accessories; Flexible work schedule; A wide range of services provided; Good reputation. Bodyrubs near me If you are looking for a high quality body rub in NYC and a good massage parlor that could fully meet your needs, desires and tastes, then choose us! The main advantages of our massage salon include: We have been successfully working for many years; We have a friendly and close-knit team; The staff of our massage salon includes experienced professional masseuses; We work around the clock; We provide our clients with the most favorable conditions; We provide our clients with a wide range of massage services at flexible prices. Our clients are always satisfied with the high quality of our massage including body rubs. Get down to changing your life for the better together with our beautiful masseuses right now by calling our managers and trying our services! We have salon in all major location in Manhattan Midtown West. Incall massage or outcall in the desired hotel. YOUR NEW SPACE PLEASURE ANONYMOUS AND SECURE FLAWLESS +1 - 347 - 444-4498 Sasha Genger Nansy Amanda Lucy Karina Sofia Anna model TRY US BODY 2 BODY SLIDING INTIMATE EXPERIENCE BEST WAY TO RELAX BOOK BY CALLING OR TEXTING: Sasha Genger Nansy Amanda Lucy Karina Sofia Anna +1 - 347 - 444-4498 MANHATTAN - MIDTOWN - WEST - NEW YORK PLEASE CALL FOR APPOINTMENT OR IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS! ABOUT NURU MASSAGEWhere?ABOUT Body to body massageService&ParlorABOUT NURU MASSAGE NURU MASSAGE As a type of erotic massage, Nuru massage has borrowed much from their predecessors, but retained unique features. The massage technique is as follows. Immediately before the massage session, the masseuse and the client take off all their clothes and lubricate their naked bodies with special massage oil, also known as Nuru gel. This gel, consisting of several components, including sulfated polysaccharide fucoidan, azulene (chamomile) and some others, is colorless and odorless. It is the main feature of Nuru massage. It was specially designed to improve slide quality, and is applied to most of the skin in a thin layer. The word “Nuru”, derived from the Japanese language, means “slippery”. During the session, both partners touch each other with their bodies, trying to get maximum physical contact. Due to using massage oil, the body of one partner literally slides along the body of the other partner throughout the entire session. As a result, both partners achieve physical satisfaction even without sexual contact. The key idea of Nuru massage is spiritual and physical relaxation. Moreover, both the client and the masseuse are enjoying during the session. Nuru is a type of relaxing massage, reducing stress-related conditions. So, all muscles should be relaxed. Nothing should interfere with the massage session. Where? Nuru massage NYC Currently, there are very few people in the world who have never heard of the term «Nuru massage NYC» meaning one of the most popular and widespread forms of erotic massage, the technique of which was originated in Kawasaki City (Japan). Nuru massage is very similar to Traditional Thai massage, but there are some differences, the most important of which is the use of a special type of lubricant (massage gel) during Nuru sessions. The lubricant, which is commonly named Nuru gel, is used to improve the sliding properties of human skin. This gel contains several important components, the main one of which is the sulfated polysaccharide fucoidan, obtained from the plant Sphaerotrichia divaricata. Other important components are Azulene and Chamomile. Before the massage session starts, the masseuse and her client apply a thin layer of massage (Nuru) gel to the surface of their skin, trying to lubricate as much of the body area as possible. During the massage session, both partners (the masseuse and the client) touch each other with all possible parts of their bodies, trying to get the closest possible physical contact. Thanks to the lubricated skin surface of the bodies of both partners, the girl’s body slides over the body of her client. Thus, the girl’s body massages the client’s body, and the client’s body, in turn, massages the girl’s body. As a result, both partners get indescribable pleasure from Nuru sessions and experience pleasurable sensations due to complete relaxation of their bodies. Nuru massage is considered to be a massage for men, during the session of which the girl massages the body of her client, using her own body and hands. In fact, not only one girl, but also several girls can take part in this procedure, massaging their client’s body at the same time. The working hands of the highly experienced girls (masseuses) make Nuru sessions extremely effective and useful for human health. There are several parlors in Manhattan, New York offering various forms of erotic massage at a professional level. Our parlor, which specializes in Nuru, is one of them. It should be added that many clients tend to associate both erotic forms of massage and massage parlors with sex. It is a misconception because sex and massage are different things. Unlike some dubious massage parlors that offer sex services, masking their activities under massage services, our parlor does not provide any sexual service and works legally. Nuru massage New York The uniqueness of this procedure is that when exposed to each zone of the body of the client, the masseuse gives him pleasure. The technique of erotic massage includes a massage of the body of a man or woman over the partner’s body, in which both partners must be completely naked. And this is another important feature of the procedure. The sliding of hands and body in all secluded places brings incredibly pleasant sensations, relieving stress and general tension. A distinctive feature of the method is the play of contrasts. Nuru massage Manhattan Erotic massage nuru will help you turn your sexual moments with a partner in real pleasure. After an amazing massage the thoughts will be cleared, you will immediately feel a surge of new physical and spiritual strength. Incredibly tender massage will give you bright emotions, open new facets of pleasure and bring a note of full relaxation in the gray everyday life. Nuru massage and nuru gel We use only natural oils for massage. Such as: extracts of aloe vera and chamomile. Due to such a rich composition, Aloe Vera has an incredibly wide range of beneficial effects on human health. Since ancient times, it is known that Aloe Vera is a truly magical skin care product. The juice of this plant contributes to the gentle removal of dead cells and the regeneration of new ones, which makes the skin incredibly smooth and tender. The chamomile essential oil acts soothingly on the human CNS. For this, it is used both inside and in aromatic lamps. Oil helps those who have sleep disorders, fatigue and stress. This is one of the most effective means for getting out of depression, eliminating psychological tension and aggression. You will receive a unique massage of your kind in Manhattan. ABOUT Body to body massage Nuru New York Nuru massage is not the only massage, during the session of which the naked bodies of partners are in close contact. It is just one of so-called «body to body” massages, also including body massage (a kind of Thai massage), Tantric massage and some others. Nuru massage New York city Body massage is somewhat similar to Nuru, but Nuru massage uses odorless and colorless oil, which allows partners to focus on sensations of physical contact. Tantric massage (Manhattan) is very different from both Nuru massage and Thai massage (body massage). It is somewhat meditative. The massage focuses on intimacy and unity of partners. Tantric massage (Midtown) can be considered a dynamic meditation of a masseuse and a client. Service&Parlor As the most sensual type of massage, Nuru becomes notably popular both in the U.S. and throughout the world. Thanks to its special technique, allowing partners to fully relax, Nuru massage is getting ahead of other erotic massages, including Traditional Thai. Were Nuru in Manhattan, NY One of the key areas in the U.S. where Nuru massage is widely practiced is Manhattan, NY. There are currently many communities and individuals in Manhattan who practice and are just interested in Nuru massage. In addition, in Manhattan there are a number of well-known parlors providing massage services for all lovers of Nuru. In social networks Nuru massage lovers are also active, communicating, creating communities, sharing experiences, and finding partners. The Nuru massage parlor Despite the large number of massage centers in Manhattan, NY, only a few of them specialize in erotic massages. As a powerful and unique healing tool, Nuru massage deserves to be taught, practiced, and promoted. High quality Nuru massage service for everyone who are interested in the practice of Nuru is provided at our massage parlor, located in New York. Nuru oils Unlike other kinds of erotic massage, using massage lotion or oil, a special kind of colorless and odorless massage gel, commonly called Nuru gel, is applied during performing Nuru massage sessions. Nuru gel is provided at the parlor too. Thinly applied to the nude bodies of the client and the masseuse, the gel allows the masseuse not only to touch the body of her client smoothly, but also to slide along his body easily. Our nuru masseuses Another important requirement for carrying out Nuru massage is experienced masseuses, who know the massage technique perfectly and are able to give pleasure to their clients. Our nice, slender, hot, and sexy girls, capable of performing massage sessions at a high level, are at your service. No doubt, any client can always find here the most suitable girl for himself. The Nuru massage service The best way to get pleasure, relax and forget your own problems for a while is to take several massage sessions. In addition, the sessions will have a positive effect on your body and mind, strengthening your health. Where is nuru massage? So, ordering the sessions at our massage center you get a double benefit. We are certain that after trying Nuru and experiencing pleasant new unforgettable sensations at our parlor, you will be satisfied with our service and want to visit us again. Very strange, but we can be found by keywords such as: Nuru massage online, neru message, nurumassages, nuro masag, nooru masage, 1nurumassage, nurugo, nuru masaj, nurumassage com videos, nurumassage com videos, nuro message video, naru message, nurumassagesex, nure masage, nurugo price, realnurumassage, nuru massage Thailand, nuru massage studio, nuru massage models, massage nuru new york, where is nuru massage, nuru erotic massage and so on CONTACTus GET IN TOUCH LET'S HAVE A CHAT WE CAN HELP YOU TO RELEASE YOUR STRESS Midtown West Side Manhattan, NY 10019 Google Map COPYRIGHT © 2017 NURU ELITE. NEW YORK. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Sasha Emely Nansy Amanda Lucy Karina Sofia Anna menu cross