Faculty & Research - Harvard Business School Skip to Main Content HBS Home About Academic Programs Alumni Faculty & Research Baker Library Giving Harvard Business Review Initiatives News Recruit Map / Directions Faculty & Research Faculty Research Featured Topics Academic Units …→ Harvard Business School→ Faculty & Research→ HBS Book Beyond AI: ChatGPT, Web3, and the Business Landscape of Tomorrow By: Ken Huang, Yang Wang, Feng Zhu, Xi Chen and Chunxiao Xing This book explores the transformative potential of ChatGPT, Web3, and their impact on productivity and various industries. It delves into Generative AI (GenAI) and its representative platform ChatGPT, their synergy with Web3, and how they can revolutionize business operations. It covers the potential impact surpassing prior industrial revolutions. After providing an overview of GenAI, ChatGPT, and Web3, it investigates business applications in various industries and areas, such as product management, finance, real estate, gaming, and government, highlighting value creation and operational revolution through their integration. It also explores their impact on content generation, customer service, personalization, and data analysis and examines how the technologies can enhance content quality, customer experiences, sales, revenue, and resource efficiency. HBS Book Beyond AI: ChatGPT, Web3, and the Business Landscape of Tomorrow By: Ken Huang, Yang Wang, Feng Zhu, Xi Chen and Chunxiao Xing This book explores the transformative potential of ChatGPT, Web3, and their impact on productivity and various industries. It delves into Generative AI (GenAI) and its representative platform ChatGPT, their synergy with Web3, and how they can revolutionize business operations. It covers the potential impact surpassing prior industrial revolutions.... Review of Accounting Studies 28, no. 4 (December 2023): 2075–2103. Brokerage Relationships and Analyst Forecasts: Evidence from the Protocol for Broker Recruiting By: Braiden Coleman, Michael Drake, Joseph Pacelli and Brady Twedt In this study, we offer novel evidence on how the nature of brokerage-client relationships can influence the quality of equity research. We exploit a unique setting provided by the Protocol for Broker Recruiting to examine whether relaxed broker non-compete agreement (NCA) enforcement generates spillover effects on sell-side analysts. Entry into this agreement reassigns ownership of the client relationship from the brokerage house to individual brokers, potentially generating a greater standard of care. Using a generalized difference-in-difference research design, we provide evidence consistent with brokers reducing pressure on analysts to produce optimistic research following protocol entry. This effect is concentrated among less experienced and non-All Star analysts, who previously may have faced the greatest pressures to sacrifice objectivity. Review of Accounting Studies 28, no. 4 (December 2023): 2075–2103. Brokerage Relationships and Analyst Forecasts: Evidence from the Protocol for Broker Recruiting By: Braiden Coleman, Michael Drake, Joseph Pacelli and Brady Twedt In this study, we offer novel evidence on how the nature of brokerage-client relationships can influence the quality of equity research. We exploit a unique setting provided by the Protocol for Broker Recruiting to examine whether relaxed broker non-compete agreement (NCA) enforcement generates spillover effects on sell-side analysts. Entry into... Health Care Initiative Prices for Common Services at Quaternary vs Nonquaternary Hospitals By: Brandon W. Yan, Maximilian J. Pany and Leemore S. Dafny Using commercial health insurance claims data from 2017-2019, we assessed whether quaternary hospitals charged higher prices for common, unspecialized services also offered by nonquaternary hospitals. We found quaternary-hospital price premiums of 8.2 percent, on average, across a set of common inpatient admissions, and price premiums of 3.7 percent, on average across a set of common outpatient services – with higher premiums for colonoscopies and no significant premium for mammographies. These premiums may reflect market power and bargaining leverage vis a vis insurers derived from offering quaternary services, implying the leverage may extend to competitively provided services. Health Care Initiative Prices for Common Services at Quaternary vs Nonquaternary Hospitals By: Brandon W. Yan, Maximilian J. Pany and Leemore S. Dafny Using commercial health insurance claims data from 2017-2019, we assessed whether quaternary hospitals charged higher prices for common, unspecialized services also offered by nonquaternary hospitals. We found quaternary-hospital price premiums of 8.2 percent, on average, across a set of common inpatient admissions, and price premiums of 3.7... Featured Case JPMorgan Chase in Paris By: Joseph L. Bower, Dante Roscini, Elena Corsi and Michael Norris In 2019, Daniel Pinto, President and COO of JPMorgan Chase, has to make a recommendation to the bank’s Chairman and CEO, Jamie Dimon, about where to physically locate the bank’s European trading operations after Brexit takes effect in 2020. The decision-making process considered a range of European locations, including Dublin, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, and Paris, and ultimately Pinto is left with a choice between Frankfurt and Paris. The case describes the decision-making process and gives an overview of JPMorgan’s history in France and the French government’s efforts to make the country more economically competitive to lure banks moving from London in the wake of Brexit. Featured Case JPMorgan Chase in Paris By: Joseph L. Bower, Dante Roscini, Elena Corsi and Michael Norris In 2019, Daniel Pinto, President and COO of JPMorgan Chase, has to make a recommendation to the bank’s Chairman and CEO, Jamie Dimon, about where to physically locate the bank’s European trading operations after Brexit takes effect in 2020. The decision-making process considered a range of European locations, including Dublin, Amsterdam,... Featured Case ReUp Education: Can AI Help Learners Return to College? By: Kris Ferreira, Christopher Thomas Ryan and Sarah Mehta Founded in 2015, ReUp Education helps “stopped out students”—learners who have stopped making progress towards graduation—achieve their college completion goals. The company relies on a team of success coaches to engage with learners and help them reenroll. In 2019, ReUp developed an artificial intelligence (AI) algorithm to help coaches better tailor the support they provide. A disappointing 2021 experiment showing limited utility of the algorithm, however, causes ReUp’s senior leaders to question the value of AI for such a personalized, nuanced task like success coaching. Featured Case ReUp Education: Can AI Help Learners Return to College? By: Kris Ferreira, Christopher Thomas Ryan and Sarah Mehta Founded in 2015, ReUp Education helps “stopped out students”—learners who have stopped making progress towards graduation—achieve their college completion goals. The company relies on a team of success coaches to engage with learners and help them reenroll. In 2019, ReUp developed an artificial intelligence (AI) algorithm to help coaches better... Working Paper Lost in Transmission By: Thomas Graeber, Christopher Roth and Shakked Noy For many decisions, people rely on information received from others by word of mouth. How does the process of verbal transmission distort economic information? In our experiments, participants listen to audio recordings containing economic forecasts and are paid to accurately transmit the information via voice messages. Other participants listen either to an original recording or a transmitted version and then state incentivized beliefs. Our main finding is that, across a variety of transmitter incentive schemes, information about the reliability of a forecast is lost in transmission more than twice as much as information about the forecast’s level. Working Paper Lost in Transmission By: Thomas Graeber, Christopher Roth and Shakked Noy For many decisions, people rely on information received from others by word of mouth. How does the process of verbal transmission distort economic information? In our experiments, participants listen to audio recordings containing economic forecasts and are paid to accurately transmit the information via voice messages. Other participants listen... HBS Working Paper Rapport in Organizations: Evidence from Fast Food By: Achyuta Adhvaryu, Parker Howell, Anant Nyshadham and Jorge Tamayo Common identity often provides a foundation for workplace rapport. Though gender is perhaps the most frequently studied dimension of identity among workers, little is known about how gender match between managers and their workers might affect team performance. Using personnel and productivity data from the universe of fast food restaurants of a large chain in Colombia, we study whether mismatched gender identity between managers and workers affects the team’s ability to deal with demand shocks. We leverage the staggered expansion of a leading food delivery platform across the country to study how well managers are able to adjust worker staffing to match resulting increases in demand. HBS Working Paper Rapport in Organizations: Evidence from Fast Food By: Achyuta Adhvaryu, Parker Howell, Anant Nyshadham and Jorge Tamayo Common identity often provides a foundation for workplace rapport. Though gender is perhaps the most frequently studied dimension of identity among workers, little is known about how gender match between managers and their workers might affect team performance. Using personnel and productivity data from the universe of fast food restaurants of a... Initiatives & Projects Private Capital Project The Private Capital Project facilitates deeper interaction between academia and practitioners in the Venture Capital and Private Equity industries, to understand the big challenges facing constituents and to work on potential solutions. →All Initiatives & Projects Seminars & Conferences Mar 06 06 Mar 2024 Shai Davidai, Columbia Business School Mar 06 06 Mar 2024 Xavier Jaravel, London School of Economics →More Seminars & Conferences Recent Publications Moral Thin-Slicing: Forming Moral Impressions from a Brief GlanceBy: Julian De Freitas and Alon Hafri May 2024 | Article | Journal of Experimental Social Psychology Despite the modern rarity with which people are visual witness to moral transgressions involving physical harm, such transgressions are more accessible than ever thanks to their availability on social media and in the news. On one hand, the literature suggests that people form fast moral impressions once they already know what has transpired (i.e., who did what to whom, and whether there was harm involved). On the other hand, almost all research on the psychological bases for moral judgment has used verbal vignettes, leaving open the question of how people form moral impressions about observed visual events. Using a naturalistic but well-controlled image set depicting social interactions, we find that observers are capable of ‘moral thin-slicing’: they reliably identify moral transgressions from visual scenes presented in the blink of an eye (< 100 ms), in ways that are surprisingly consistent with judgments made under no viewing-time constraints. Across four studies, we show that this remarkable ability arises because observers independently and rapidly extract the ‘atoms’ of moral judgment (i.e., event roles, and the level of harm involved). Our work supports recent proposals that many moral judgments are fast and intuitive and opens up exciting new avenues for understanding how people form moral judgments from visual observation. Citation Related De Freitas, Julian, and Alon Hafri. "Moral Thin-Slicing: Forming Moral Impressions from a Brief Glance." Art. 104588. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology 112 (May 2024). How Fast Should Your Company Really Grow?By: Gary P. Pisano March–April 2024 | Article | Harvard Business Review Growth—in revenues and profits—is the yardstick by which the competitive fitness and health of organizations is measured. Consistent profitable growth is thus a near universal goal for leaders—and an elusive one. To achieve that goal, companies need a growth strategy that encompasses three related sets of decisions: how fast to grow, where to seek new sources of demand, and how to develop the financial, human, and organizational capabilities needed to grow. This article offers a framework for examining the critical interdependencies of those decisions in the context of a company’s overall business strategy, its capabilities and culture, and external market dynamics. Citation Related Pisano, Gary P. "How Fast Should Your Company Really Grow?" Harvard Business Review 102, no. 2 (March–April 2024): 38–45. Case Study: Navigating Labor UnrestBy: Jorge Tamayo March–April 2024 | Article | Harvard Business Review Paulo Ferreira, the president of Luna Brazil, has an ambitious plan to turn around the dismal performance of the plant he oversees in Campinas. The wrinkle is, he needs the buy-in of the powerful local union, which is still smarting from a 10-year-old labor conflict and lately has begun to step up its demands and picket outside the factory. Headquarters, running out of patience with the dispute, wants Paulo to consider converting the plant to a distribution center. But that would mean hundreds of layoffs, which would decimate the local community that Paolo loves. Citation Related Tamayo, Jorge. "Case Study: Navigating Labor Unrest." Harvard Business Review 102, no. 2 (March–April 2024): 144–149. Unintended Consequences of Algorithmic PersonalizationBy: Eva Ascarza and Ayelet Israeli March 2024 | Case | Faculty Research “Unintended Consequences of Algorithmic Personalization” (HBS No. 524-052) investigates algorithmic bias in marketing through four case studies featuring Apple, Uber, Facebook, and Amazon. Each study presents scenarios where these companies faced public criticism for algorithmic biases in marketing interventions, encompassing promotion, product, price, and distribution. The case is designed to enhance students' understanding of algorithmic bias in personalized marketing. It encourages discussions on its causes and strategies for detection and mitigation. A key learning is that such bias is often unintentional and can occur without data errors or underrepresentation in the sample. A central theme is the trade-off between optimization and fairness in algorithmic decision-making. Overall, these case studies provide comprehensive discussions on the causes, implications, and solutions to algorithmic bias in personalized marketing, complemented by the technical note “Algorithm Bias in Marketing” (HBS No. 521-020) that accompanies the case. Citation Educators Purchase Related Ascarza, Eva, and Ayelet Israeli. "Unintended Consequences of Algorithmic Personalization." Harvard Business School Case 524-052, March 2024. Navigating the Future: Managing Financial ForecastsBy: Mark Egan March 2024 | Module Note | Faculty Research This module note guides instructors on delivering a course module that focuses on understanding, developing, and using financial forecasts from a chief financial officer’s (CFO) perspective. The cases in the module equip students with an understanding of the techniques and strategies employed in corporate finance-related revenue forecasting and how these forecasts influence capital allocation, operational planning, and investor communication decisions. Students learn how CFOs can effectively manage the forecasting process. The module outlined in this note can be incorporated into corporate finance courses, allowing students to gain insights into the role of forecasting in CFO decision-making processes. Citation Purchase Related Egan, Mark. "Navigating the Future: Managing Financial Forecasts ." Harvard Business School Module Note 224-075, March 2024. ELCA's Series A Cap Table Exercise (Student Version)By: Ray Kluender, Anke Becker and Johnson Elugbadebo March 2024 | Supplement | Faculty Research In ELCA, the company must decide between two term sheets: one put forth by STV and one put forth by ESV. This exercise is an analysis of the implications of these two term sheets on the ownership structure and the payouts of common and preferred shareholders in case of an exit. An analysis of the other terms and provisions, such as those regarding control rights or vesting, are not explored in this exercise. For an additional overview of common terms of venture capital investment structures, please see A Note on Private Equity Securities (200-027) and Financing New Ventures (811-093). Citation Purchase Related Kluender, Ray, Anke Becker, and Johnson Elugbadebo. "ELCA's Series A Cap Table Exercise (Student Version)." Harvard Business School Spreadsheet Supplement 824-713, March 2024. Do Safety Management System Standards Indicate Safer Operations? Evidence from the OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety StandardBy: Kala Viswanathan, Matthew S. Johnson and Michael W. Toffel March 2024 | Article | Safety Science Problem definition: Given the enormous disruptions and costs of occupational injuries, companies and buyers are increasingly looking to voluntary occupational health and safety standards to improve worker safety. Yet because these standards only require implementing certain processes and procedures, it is largely unknown whether certification actually conveys superior safety performance. We examine this relationship in the context of the OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management system standard. Methodology/results: We analyze proprietary certification data over 1995 to 2016 from some of the world’s largest certification bodies and establishment-level injury data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, and find that U.S. establishments certified to OHSAS 18001 tend to be safer workplaces. OHSAS 18001 attracts establishments with fewer injury and illness cases than comparable establishments (a selection effect). Using propensity score matching and a difference-in-differences approach, we estimate that OHSAS 18001 certification reduces the total number of illness and injury cases by 20 percent and illness and injury cases associated with job transfers or restrictions by 24 percent. Managerial implications: Our results indicate that becoming certified to a safety management standard can lead to meaningful improvements in workplace safety, and that OHSAS 18001 certification is a credible indicator of superior average safety performance, an important insight for buyers and suppliers. Given that OHSAS 18001 is the basis for the newer ISO 45001 standard that has quickly become the world’s third-most popular management system standard, this study provides promising evidence that ISO 45001 will also prove effective in distinguishing safer workplaces. Citation Related Viswanathan, Kala, Matthew S. Johnson, and Michael W. Toffel. "Do Safety Management System Standards Indicate Safer Operations? Evidence from the OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Standard." Art. 106383. Safety Science 171 (March 2024). Being Together in Place as a Catalyst for Scientific AdvanceBy: Eamon Duede, Misha Teplitskiy, Karim R. Lakhani and James Evans March 2024 | Article | Research Policy The COVID-19 pandemic necessitated social distancing at every level of society, including universities and research institutes, raising essential questions concerning the continuing importance of physical proximity for scientific and scholarly advance. Using customized author surveys about the intellectual influence of referenced work on scientists' own papers, combined with precise measures of geographical and semantic distance between focal and referenced works, we find that being at the same institution is strongly associated with intellectual influence on scientists' and scholars' published work. However, this influence increases with intellectual distance: the more different the referenced work done by colleagues at one's institution, the more influential it is on one's own. Universities worldwide constitute places where people doing very different work engage in sustained interactions through departments, committees, seminars, and communities. These interactions come to uniquely influence their published research, suggesting the need to replace rather than displace diverse engagements for sustainable advance. Citation Related Duede, Eamon, Misha Teplitskiy, Karim R. Lakhani, and James Evans. "Being Together in Place as a Catalyst for Scientific Advance." Art. 104911. Research Policy 53, no. 2 (March 2024). More Publications In The News 04 Mar 2024 Washington Post Why Not Require a Civics Test as a Rite of Passage for All Americans? Re: Michael Norton 04 Mar 2024 Fixable Friction 101: How to Make the Right Things Easier and Wrong Things Harder Re: Frances Frei 02 Mar 2024 Phil Star Inseparable Twins Re: Forest Reinhardt 01 Mar 2024 New York Times Shrinkflation 101: The Economics of Smaller Groceries Re: John Gourville →More Faculty News The Case Method Introduced by HBS faculty to business education in 1925, the case method is a powerful interactive learning process that puts students in the shoes of a leader faced with a real-world management issue and challenges them to propose and justify a resolution. Today, HBS remains an authority on teaching by the case method. The School is also the world’s leading case-writing institution, with HBS faculty members contributing hundreds of new cases to the management curriculum a year via the School’s unique case development and writing process. →Browse HBS Case Collection →Purchase Cases Faculty Positions Harvard Business School seeks candidates in all fields for full time positions. Candidates with outstanding records in PhD or DBA programs are encouraged to apply. →Learn More ǁ Harvard Business School Soldiers Field Boston, MA 02163 →Map & Directions →More Contact Information Make a Gift Site Map Jobs Harvard University Trademarks Policies Accessibility Digital Accessibility Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College