Microsoft Developer Skip to main content Microsoft Developer Developer Developer Home Products Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Azure Microsoft Edge Microsoft Graph Microsoft Identity Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft Viva Mixed Reality Power Platform Visual Studio Windows Windows for IoT Languages .NET C++ Java JavaScript Python TypeScript Hubs Code to cloud Copilot Game development Blogs Events Documentation Community More All Microsoft Global Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Windows 365 Tech & innovation Tech & innovation Microsoft Cloud AI Azure Space Mixed reality Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft Viva Quantum computing Sustainability Industries Industries Education Automotive Financial services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Retail All industries Partners Partners Find a partner Become a partner Partner Network Find an advertising partner Become an advertising partner Azure Marketplace AppSource Resources Resources Blog Microsoft Advertising Developer Center Documentation Events Licensing Microsoft Learn Microsoft Research View Sitemap Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel Sign in Survey Help us improve the Microsoft Developer website Take the survey × Microsoft Developer Any platform. Any language. Our tools. Supercharge Visual Studio 2022 with GitHub Copilot Spend more time on code that matters, with your AI pair programmer. Get started Create innovative AI solutions with Azure AI Studio Your platform for developing, testing, and deploying generative AI apps responsibly. Build now Use your favorite dev tools with Windows Subsystem for Linux WSL enables you to run Linux distributions and Bash tools, fully integrated with Windows, Visual Studio Code, Docker, Git, and more. Install today Power your AI transformation with Microsoft Copilot Shape the future with Microsoft's groundbreaking generative AI technologies, industry-leading developer tools, trusted platform, and global scale. Learn more Start building with these Microsoft products Microsoft 365 Create engaging experiences and bring users into your app as they work day-to-day in Microsoft 365. Microsoft Azure Turn your ideas into solutions with cloud services. Build how you want and deploy where you want. Microsoft Teams Build intelligent, collaborative apps that engage users in their flow of work with Teams. Power Platform Accelerate innovation and turn your ideas into powerful solutions with Power Platform. Visual Studio Best-in-class tools for any developer. Use your favorite language to deliver apps and services on any platform. Windows Develop for Windows. Build experiences that reach users everywhere. Windows Dev Center Learn why every Dev is an AI Dev. See what's new Other ways to get your project started Cloud development Develop cloud applications for Microsoft Azure. Code to Cloud Build your apps from the ground up with tools and technologies designed for developers. Game development Create bold, immersive game experiences that attract and engage players. Microsoft Graph Use the data and intelligence in Microsoft 365 to build apps that reach millions of users. Learn Find training and certifications and discover resources that will assist you on your learning journey. Whether you are just starting or you are an experienced professional, our hands-on approach helps you arrive at your goals faster, with more confidence and at your own pace. Learning paths Learn .NET Learn AI Learn Azure Learn Power Platform Learn shows Developer YouTube channel Tools Use the right tools and platforms for building many types of applications. .NET GitHub Visual Studio Visual Studio Code Resources Explore documentation, tutorials, sample code, developer guides, and get answers to your technical questions. Code samples Documentation Microsoft Q&A Microsoft.Source Newsletter Tech Community hub Share, connect, and get inspired Copilot Adventures Copilot Adventures is all about learning new concepts and languages by using GitHub Copilot to help you write code. Start your adventure Blogs Learn about the latest developer news from around Microsoft. Discover blogs Connect with community Discover and connect with others who build with Microsoft tools and services. Explore a community Events Join upcoming events and watch past events delivered by the technical community and Microsoft experts. Discover events Microsoft Reactor Microsoft Reactor connects you with the developers and startups that share your goals. Explore Reactor events Follow us on the web Theme English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Contact Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Terms of Use Trademarks © Microsoft 2024