USGS Water Data for the Nation USGS Home Contact USGS Search USGS National Water Information System: Web Interface USGS Water Resources Data Category: Home Current Conditions Site Information Mapper Surface Water Groundwater Water Quality Water Use Revisions Geographic Area: United States Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Canton and Enderbury Islands Colorado Connecticut Delaware Dist. of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Johnston Atoll Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Midway Islands Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island Ryukyu Islands, Southern South Carolina South Dakota Swan Islands Tennessee Texas Trust Territories, Pacific Is U.S.Misc Caribbean Islands U.S.Misc Pacific Islands Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Wake Island Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Warning: Javascript must be enabled to use all the features on this page! Click to hideNews Bulletins Explore the NEW USGS National Water Dashboard interactive map to access real-time water data from over 13,500 stations nationwide. Full News USGS Water Data for the Nation Search for Sites With Data Current Conditions Sites with real-time or recent surface-water, groundwater,or water-quality data. Site Information Descriptive site information for all sites with links to all available water data for individual sites. Map of all sites with links to all available water data for individual sites. Frequent Searches By Data Category Surface Water Water flow and levels in streams and lakes. Groundwater Water levels in wells. Water Quality Chemical and physical data for streams, lakes, springs, wells and other sites. Water Use Water use information. Introduction These pages provide access to water-resources data collected at approximately 1.9 million sites in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Online access to this data are organized around the categories listed to the left. The USGS investigates the occurrence, quantity, quality, distribution, and movement of surface and underground waters and disseminates the data to the public, State and local governments, public and private utilities, and other Federal agencies involved with managing our water resources. About Us Help Tutorial Questions or Comments Automated retrievals Help Data Tips Explanation of terms Subscribe for system changes News Accessibility FOIA Privacy Policies and Notices U.S. Department of the Interior | U.S. Geological Survey Title: USGS Water Data for USA URL: https://waterdata.usgs.gov/nwis? Page Contact Information: USGS Water Data Support Team Page Last Modified: 2024-03-05 15:11:51 EST 0.41 0.33 sdww01