Security Information, News and Tips from TechTarget Security Search the TechTarget Network Login Register Explore the Network TechTarget Network Networking CIO Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly Security Analytics & Automation Application & Platform Security Cloud Security Compliance Data Security & Privacy More Topics IAM Network Security Operations & Management Risk Management Security Careers & Certifications Threat Detection & Response Threats & Vulnerabilities Other Content News Features Tips Webinars 2023 IT Salary Survey Results More Answers Conference Guides Definitions Opinions Podcasts Quizzes Tech Accelerators Tutorials Videos Sponsored Communities Follow: New & Notable News Infosec pros weigh in on proposed ransomware payment bans News LockBit, Alphv/BlackCat highlight February ransomware activity With events surrounding the LockBit and Alphv/BlackCat gangs and the ConnectWise ScreenConnect flaws, ransomware activity continues this year after a surge in 2023. Get Started How dynamic malware analysis works Security teams use dynamic malware analysis to uncover how malware works -- and thereby improve threat hunting and incident detection capabilities. News CISA warns Ivanti ICT ineffective for detecting compromises CISA observed ongoing exploitation against four Ivanti vulnerabilities and found problems with the vendor's Integrity Checker Tool, which is designed to detect compromises. News AWS on why CISOs should track 'the metric of no' AWS' Clarke Rodgers believes that tracking the number of times CISOs say no to line-of-business requests will ultimately help them build a stronger security culture. Trending Topics Data Security & Privacy News LockBit, Alphv/BlackCat highlight February ransomware activity With events surrounding the LockBit and Alphv/BlackCat gangs and the ConnectWise ScreenConnect flaws, ransomware activity continues this year after a surge in 2023. Threats & Vulnerabilities Get Started How dynamic malware analysis works Security teams use dynamic malware analysis to uncover how malware works -- and thereby improve threat hunting and incident detection capabilities. IAM News Proofpoint: 'Hundreds' of Azure accounts compromised Proofpoint researchers found that the attackers manipulated the MFA of compromised accounts, registering their own methods to maintain persistent access. Analytics & Automation Evaluate Top benefits and challenges of SOAR tools To ensure successful adoption, IT leaders need to understand the benefits of SOAR tools, as well as potential disadvantages. Explore pros, cons and how to measure SOAR success. Network Security News Eclypsium: Ivanti firmware has 'plethora' of security issues In its firmware analysis, Eclypsium found that the Ivanti Pulse Secure appliance used a version of Linux that was more than a decade old and several years past end of life. Operations & Management News AWS on why CISOs should track 'the metric of no' AWS' Clarke Rodgers believes that tracking the number of times CISOs say no to line-of-business requests will ultimately help them build a stronger security culture. Topics Covered Application and platform security Careers and certifications Cloud security Compliance Data security and privacy Identity and access management Network security Risk management Security analytics and automation Security operations and management Threat detection and response Threats and vulnerabilities Featured Authors Rob Wright Senior News Director Feb 29, 2024 AWS on why CISOs should track 'the metric of no' Alexander Culafi Senior News Writer Mar 04, 2024 LockBit, Alphv/BlackCat highlight February ransomware activity Arielle Waldman News Writer Mar 04, 2024 Infosec pros weigh in on proposed ransomware payment bans Dave Shackleford Voodoo Security Feb 28, 2024 Multi-cloud security challenges and best practices Kyle Johnson Technology Editor Dec 14, 2023 9 cybersecurity trends to watch in 2024 Michael Cobb CISSP-ISSAP Feb 06, 2024 Close security gaps with attack path analysis and management Find Solutions For Your Project Evaluate Threat intelligence programs need updating -- and CISOs know it Most enterprise threat intelligence programs are in dire need of updating. Security executives need to formalize programs, automate processes and seek help from managed services. Why companies need attack surface management in 2024 Ransomware preparedness kicks off 2024 summit series Benefits and challenges of managed cloud security services View All Evaluate Problem Solve Use cloud threat intelligence to protect critical data and assets Cloud threat intelligence helps identify and analyze cloud-based threats, enabling security teams to better understand attacks and more proactively defend against them. How to craft cyber-risk statements that work, with examples How passwordless helps guard against AI-enhanced attacks Top metaverse cybersecurity challenges: How to address them View All Problem Solve Manage How dynamic malware analysis works Security teams use dynamic malware analysis to uncover how malware works -- and thereby improve threat hunting and incident detection capabilities. Multi-cloud security challenges and best practices How to use a jump server to link security zones Cybersecurity governance: A path to cyber maturity View All Manage Pro+ Security Downloads View All E-Handbook | July 2021 Mitigating risk-based vulnerability management challenges Download E-Handbook | June 2021 Security observability tools step up threat detection, response Download E-Handbook | January 2021 SolarWinds supply chain attack explained: Need-to-know info Download E-Handbook | November 2020 Cyber insurance 101: Timely guidance on an essential tool Download E-Zine | November 2020 AI cybersecurity raises analytics' accuracy, usability Download Information Security Basics Get Started How dynamic malware analysis works Security teams use dynamic malware analysis to uncover how malware works -- and thereby improve threat hunting and incident detection capabilities. Get Started phishing Phishing is a fraudulent practice in which an attacker masquerades as a reputable entity or person in an email or other form of communication. Get Started Multi-cloud security challenges and best practices Where multi-cloud goes, security complexity follows. From configuration to visibility, organizations must be aware of these main challenges and how to overcome them. View All Get Started Multimedia Videos, Podcasts, Photo Stories and Infographics View all Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photo Stories News Risk & Repeat: LockBit resurfaces after takedown Risk & Repeat: Rapid Reset and the future of DDoS attacks News Risk & Repeat: Breaking down SEC charges against SolarWinds Risk & Repeat: MGM, Caesars casino hacks disrupt Las Vegas News Risk & Repeat: Okta under fire after support system breach Risk & Repeat: Big questions remain on Storm-0558 attacks Sections from across Security News View All Data security and privacy LockBit, Alphv/BlackCat highlight February ransomware activity With events surrounding the LockBit and Alphv/BlackCat gangs and the ConnectWise ScreenConnect flaws, ransomware activity continues this year after a surge in 2023. Threat detection and response CISA warns Ivanti ICT ineffective for detecting compromises CISA observed ongoing exploitation against four Ivanti vulnerabilities and found problems with the vendor's Integrity Checker Tool, which is designed to detect compromises. Security operations and management AWS on why CISOs should track 'the metric of no' AWS' Clarke Rodgers believes that tracking the number of times CISOs say no to line-of-business requests will ultimately help them build a stronger security culture. Security Definitions phishing computer forensics (cyber forensics) cybersecurity Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) operational risk risk reporting cyberterrorism keylogger (keystroke logger or system monitor) encryption dictionary attack SOAR (security orchestration, automation and response) communications security (COMSEC) security operations center (SOC) What is incident response? A complete guide indicators of compromise (IOC) digital forensics and incident response (DFIR) View All Definitions Latest TechTarget resources Networking CIO Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly Networking SASE drives network and security team collaboration Successful SASE implementation requires network and security team collaboration. Research from EMA reveals shared ... How NetOps supports digital transformation NetOps uses automation and intent-based networking tools to streamline digital transformation and ensure accurate and flexible ... A network compliance checklist for remote work This network compliance checklist for remote work provides best practices on establishing remote policies and procedures, help ... CIO The History of the Metaverse Explained (With Timeline) The term 'metaverse' has only recently gained currency, but its history is long. Learn about the technologies that gave rise to a... Metaverse vs. multiverse vs. omniverse: Key differences Virtual realities are coming to a computer interface near you. Will you be joining a metaverse, multiverse or an ... The Metaverse Standards Forum: What you need to know Creating an open and inclusive metaverse will require the development and adoption of interoperability standards. That's the tall... Enterprise Desktop How to add and enroll devices to Microsoft Intune The Intune enrollment process can follow several paths, but one of the most common and efficient approaches involves Windows ... How IT can use the gpresult command to check GPOs When Windows issues arise, desktop administrators can use the gpresult utility to see what Group Policy settings are in place and... How to deploy and force updates with gpupdate Group Policy can be a helpful tool during the troubleshooting process. Further, refreshing a system's Group Policy settings with ... Cloud Computing Pros and cons of CS degrees vs. cloud certification programs Standards for IT qualifications are changing with the rapid pace of cloud adoption. See how experts evaluate the debate between ... Compare CompTIA Cloud+ vs Cloud Essentials+ certifications CompTIA Cloud+ and Cloud Essentials cover various areas and target different career paths. Find out which certification is right ... Get to know 8 core cloud team roles and responsibilities To fully realize the benefits of cloud, you're going to need to create a structure that puts the right people in the right places... ComputerWeekly.com Emerging low-loss materials pave road to 6G As comms industry prepares for next generation of communications, research paper shows biggest challenges that will need to be ... AI-acceleration deployments curbed by datacentre design considerations In addition to a shortage of GPUs for AI-optimised servers, IT leaders need to consider how well their datacentre power and ... Banning ransomware payments back on the agenda The idea of banning ransomware payments to cyber criminals is back on the agenda, with former NCSC chief Ciaran Martin arguing ... About Us Editorial Ethics Policy Meet The Editors Contact Us Videos Photo Stories Definitions Guides Advertisers Partner with Us Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2024, TechTarget Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Close