Meta-wealth | The Art of Quantum Wealth Home Applications Attract Wealth Holocreate Life Quantum Causation The Mind Field Thought Manifestation Principles Holographic Reality Law of Attraction Mind Power Quantum World Thought Universe Utilize the Powers of the Law of Attraction and Quantum World to Manifest Conscious Wealth Manifesting Conscious Wealth There is no easier way to practice quantum manifestation than applying the Law of Attraction. There is no subject more discussed in this material world than the accumulation of wealth, financial and otherwise. So, how then do we do that? Much of the “wealth” information that you’ve read has probably seemed to lack fun, ethics and intrigue. Most do. Does it seem too materialistic, amoral and shallow? Most are.... Read More The Nature of Reality Reality can be summed up in two words: Quantum Hologram. Quantum is an indivisible entity of energy; quanta (plural for quantum) are packets of this sub-atomic energy. In the future we may uncover even further levels of energy; however, today we cannot find anything beyond quanta. When we try to look past it, it vanishes. Scientists do not know where quanta originates. With a little speculation, we understand enough to believe that quanta comes from... Read More Harnessing Reality We reside in a Quantum Hologram that is completely moulded by our Thoughts. So, essentially we live in a Quantum Thought Hologram. While there is nothing truly outside of us as we all stem from the source (literally and scientifically), our experience is localized. One of the effects of living in the Quantum Hologram matrix is the perception of being separate. The truth is that there is a distinction between things, giving us the (necessary) illusion of... Read More Mastering Reality Now. There is nothing outside of Now. Time, in either direction, is an illusion of the Quantum Hologram matrix. It allows us to contemplate. It separates us, for a moment, from our true and infinite potential, so that we can feel, understand, empathize and review ourselves and our actions; perhaps that is our purpose in this life, only to consider and create, create and consider. This Quantum Hologram gives us the ability to manifest anything. It is a... Read More The X-Factor What is the X-Factor? The X-Factor, simply put, is the most important equation regarding manifestation. You should consider it often. The vast, vast majority of individuals knowingly and more often unwittingly violate the simple premise of the X-Factor. In doing so, they have reduced substantially, the majority of manifesting powers or eliminated them entirely. If there is one thing that you should know, internalize, analyze and ensure balance and the... Read More The X-Factor Mechanics How Does the X-Factor Work? All of the disappointment in your life, all of the failures, all of shortcomings, all of the lack can be attributed to one thing and ONE thing only: Your X-Factor equation is out of balance. It has a gap; a gap that swallows, in spite of your efforts, all your dreams, desires and affirmations. Let’s look closely at the X-Factor. We’ll break it down as we go. First, here it is... Read More Using the X-Factor How to Use the X-Factor OK, great idea, now how do I use it?! Good question and that’s simple! Well, sort of. First, let’s consider what most everyone does… and be conscious of that. Let’s look at the reason and equation for virtually every failure to manifest: As an example (as outlined above), most people either think they’re at 70% manifester evolution, while at only 30% evolution and only... Read More Mastering the X-Factor Other Things to Consider I can already hear the questions, so I’ll leave you with a couple thoughts in closing. Know this: Manifestation, more specifically the ability or the power to manifest, is amoral. There is no right or wrong here. That is why terrible men can do extraordinary things and live seemingly enchanted lives (my guess is that this is almost always illusion; most “evil” people manifest well in... Read More Ideology and “The Secret” In the movie “The Secret”, Joe Vitale says, “["the secret"/the law of attraction is] part of the overall grand secret”. What does he mean by this? Let’s investigate. Avoiding Ideology There is a virus in the collective unconscious, in my opinion, that instructs people to take on a viewpoint wholesale. It tells us (often through the mouth of another person) that if we are smart and/or “have... Read More Understanding “The Secret” How People Can Misinterpret “The Secret” If any of what was written in “Ideology and The Secret” made sense to you, then you should consider whether you’ve done this with the documentary “The Secret”. Have you rejected it or accepted it entirely? I have met many who simply state that it’s self-help rubbish with an inappropriate emphasis on getting money; I don’t think... Read More Limitations of “The Secret” The Secret, of course, is not directly responsible for what you are about to read. However, it is the latest popular product that fails to effectively outline the 4th dimension reality and to set a clear course to correct it. I’d like to properly outline it here for your consideration; more information that will eventually allow you/us to correct this. Our focus should remain on our next and better reality. However,... Read More True Wealth and “The Secret” Shhh, Don’t Talk About It! I’ve been inspired, in part by some of the comments I’ve received regarding The Secret, to “drop the gloves” (I do love hockey, although I don’t like fighting, so I’ll just shadow box here) and get down to my real challenge to The Secret and most other self-help, new age, philosophical pursuits. No one, not Chopra, not Proctor, not Dyer, not anyone, talks... Read More Misusing “The Secret” Who Are The Real Perpetrators Then? We are. Africa is burning because we set it afire. The Middle East is in chaos and we are the fan that feeds that flame. In virtually every other large dispute, we (westerners) have had our hands in it, to one degree or another; most often to ensure that our properties and corporate interests are protected and continue to grow. Every time we purchase a cheap can of coffee, for example, we... Read More « Older Entries plug into the unified field Top Manifestation Tools All content by Category Select Category Applications (15) Attract Wealth (4) Holocreate Life (5) Quantum Causation (2) The Mind Field (1) Thought Manifestation (1) Featured (5) Principles (15) Holographic Reality (5) Law of Attraction (5) Mind Power (1) Quantum World (2) Thought Universe (1) Most Recent content Utilize the Powers of the Law of Attraction and Quantum World to Manifest Conscious Wealth The Nature of Reality Harnessing Reality Mastering Reality The X-Factor The X-Factor Mechanics Using the X-Factor Mastering the X-Factor Ideology and “The Secret” Understanding “The Secret” Limitations of “The Secret” True Wealth and “The Secret” Misusing “The Secret” Originating with “The Secret” Quantum Reality and Mind Power Archived Posts Select Month June 2010 May 2010 Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by Wordpress