Atlassian + Slack | Atlassian Close View this page in your language? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Back Products Featured Jira Software Project and issue tracking Confluence Content collaboration Jira Service Management High-velocity ITSM Trello Visual project management View all products Marketplace Connect thousands of apps and integrations for all your Atlassian products WHAT’S NEW Compass Developer Experience Platform Jira Product Discovery Prioritization and roadmapping View all You might find helpful Cloud Product Roadmap Atlassian Migration Program Close dropdown Solutions Featured Work Management Manage projects and align goals across all teams to achieve deliverables IT Service Management Enable dev, IT ops, and business teams to deliver great service at high velocity Agile & DevOps Run a world-class agile software organization from discovery to delivery and operations BY TEAM SIZE Enterprise Small Business Startup Non-profit BY TEAM FUNCTION Software Development IT Finance Marketing HR BY INDUSTRY Retail Telecommunications Professional Services Government What's new Atlassian Together Get Atlassian work management products in one convenient package for enterprise teams. Learn more You might find helpful Atlassian Trust & Security Customer Case Studies Close dropdown Resources Learn Atlassian University Atlassian Playbook Product Documentation Developer Resources Support Atlassian Community Atlassian Support Atlassian Migration Program Enterprise Services Partner Support Purchasing & Licensing Connect About us Careers Work Life Blog Events Support for Server products ends February 15, 2024 With end of support for our Server products fast approaching, create a winning plan for your Cloud migration with the Atlassian Migration Program. Assess my options What's new Atlassian Presents: Unleash Product updates, hands-on training, and technical demos – catch all that and more at our biggest agile & DevOps event. Watch now Close dropdown Support View all products Atlassian.com Search Try now Toggle menu Search atlassian.com Close search Slack Open and close the navigation menu Integrations Offers Integrations Offers Your team may qualify for 50% off new Slack paid plans. Learn more. Atlassian + Slack Together, Atlassian and Slack are committed to building deep and powerful integrations that enable teams to collaborate and iterate quickly. We provide tools that empower teams to stay aligned and efficient in order to unlock the power of creativity and deliver first-class results. Your team may qualify for 50% off new Slack paid plans. Learn more Your favorite Atlassian products that work great with Slack Jira Service Management Jira Trello Confluence Bitbucket Opsgenie Statuspage Jira Service Management Jira Trello Confluence Bitbucket Opsgenie Statuspage A modern, lightweight help desk that lets you create and manage requests directly in Slack with Jira Service Management Slack-first ticketing We meet your team where they work, not the other way around. Quickly turn messages into tickets Use a simple emoji reaction to turn any Slack message into a trackable ticket. The smartest way to resolve requests in Slack Supercharge your service frontline with Jira Service Management’s AI-powered virtual agent technology and deliver exceptional support at scale. Get started Install Assist in your Slack workspace and get set up in minutes. Learn more. Add to Slack Better notifications than email Cut through the the noise by only surfacing issues that matter, with built-in filters with dimensions like, "whether they’re watching", "mentioned on", "assigned to", or "reporter." Get immediate context with issue previews Teams that use Jira and Slack together can leverage the integration to unlock issue previews, and skip the song and dance of going and forth from chat to Jira. Take action directly from Slack Create Jira tickets, change ticket status, assign teammates, and more - all directly from Slack. Get started In Slack, invite @jira to a channel and verify your account. Learn more. Add to Slack Quit the tab tango Add new Trello cards to boards directly from Slack without needing to hop through the app-switching hoop. Easy on the eyes insights Paste a Trello link into a Slack channel to automatically display key insights like members, descriptions, comments, and more. Steer the ship from Slack Attach conversations from Slack to Trello cards, change due dates, join cards & boards, and subscribe to cards. Get started Take team collaboration out of isolation. Trello and Slack just work better together. Learn more. Add to Slack Fine-tune notifications Customize and receive granular notifications to stay on top of changes across your spaces, pages (even child pages!), and blogs. Grant access When a link to a restricted Confluence page is shared, users can grant team members access directly through Slack. Preview your work See link previews of pages, blogs and comments when you share them with your team in your channel. Get started Have one place to stay on top of all of your work in Confluence, straight from within Slack. Learn more. Add to Slack Nudge teammates Send friendly nudges to teammates about missing approvals on pull requests. Take action Create, merge, and comment on a pull request, or re-run a failed build, all without leaving your channel. Share code Share code examples, or indicate areas that need a particular change, with inline code snippets. Get started Once you’ve added the app to Slack, navigate to your repository’s settings, click on “Chat notifications” to configure your notification preferences. Learn more. Add to Slack Save time and manage alerts in seconds Notify teams of Opsgenie alerts and incidents in real-time. Stay updated Push key information from Slack to the Opsgenie Incident Timeline. Streamline work with Opsgenie and Slack Take action from Slack to assign, take notes, and more for Opsgenie alerts and incidents Get started Set up Slack with Opsgenie today. Learn more. Add to Slack Subscribe Slack channels Keep the entire team in sync by enabling Statuspage notifications for the services you rely on. Incident status updates During incidents or scheduled maintenance, end-users and internal teams need to be informed. Send incident status updates into subscribed Slack channels. Get started Here’s how to enable Slack subscriptions on your Statuspage. Learn more. To get Statuspage updates in Slack, add the Statuspage app to your Slack workspace. Add to Slack Why Slack and Atlassian? Get real-time updates on the work that’s most important to you With each of Atlassian and Slack’s integrations, you and your teams can get real-time Slack notifications from Atlassian projects that are most relevant to you. Gain rich context, save everyone time When product links are shared in a channel, your team can easily glean the title, status, owner, and more without ever having to leave Slack. Everyone saves time because they’re on the same page. Avoid context switching – take action directly from Slack With Atlassian and Slack, you can keep your work moving forward – open Jira tickets, respond with feedback in a Confluence comment or nudge your colleagues on Bitbucket pull requests – all directly from Slack. Discover how to build and ship better and faster using the Jira for Slack integration Learn more How and why to use Slack's threaded messages in channels and apps Learn more 7 Steps to more effective teamwork with Atlassian and Slack Get the guide Teams across the world rely on Atlassian+Slack With the Slack and Atlassian integrations, “Every comment someone makes on the Confluence page or in InVision gets pushed to Slack, so we get real-time updates.” DENNIS FIELD, People Team at InVision Read the case study View the Integrations See how to connect your Atlassian and Slack products. View integrations News & Articles Read the latest Slack-related news and articles on the Atlassian Blog. Start reading Atlassian Customers Your team may qualify for 50% off new Slack paid plans. Learn more SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Apps & Integrations Digest by Atlassian Get expert tips and the latest news on best-of-breed tools and apps that integrate with Atlassian products Subscribe now Products Jira Software Jira Align Jira Service Management Jira Work Management Jira Product Discovery Confluence Trello Bitbucket View all products Resources Technical Support Purchasing & licensing Atlassian Community Knowledge base Marketplace My Account Create support ticket Expand & Learn Partners Training & Certification Documentation Developer Resources Enterprise services View all resources About Atlassian Company Careers Events Blogs Atlassian Foundation Investor Relations Trust & Security Contact us Choose your language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português русский 中文 Privacy policy Notice at Collection Terms Impressum Copyright © 2024 Atlassian