Home | University of California Skip to main content University of California Return to home page menu mobile menu open Main Navigation Campuses & locations Toggle subnavigation for Campuses & locations Find your place at UC Student success Toggle subnavigation for Student success FirstGen Graduate students Transfer students Undergraduate research Undocumented students Alumni outcomes Impact Toggle subnavigation for Impact Economy Education Affordability Opportunity Research Health Public service Climate leadership About us Toggle subnavigation for About us Leadership Information center Sustainability Get involved Toggle subnavigation for Get involved Advocate Double the Pell For alumni UC Votes Top Menu Admissions Jobs News Search pause video All for California See how UC drives economic growth and social mobility across the state Think you know UC? Think again. We train half of California’s doctors, are the state's third-largest employer and generate $21 in economic output for every $1 invested by the State. See how UC's contributions are creating a better California in 2024. What UC has done for you lately “I would say to other first-gen and transfer students, like we say in Spanish, sí, se puede: it is possible.” Zabdi Velásquez, UC Riverside Class of 2023, UCLA Ph.D. candidate Social mobility, supercharged UC just welcomed its largest-ever class of freshmen from underrepresented groups. We serve more low-income, first-gen, and transfer students than any other top-ranked U.S. research university. And first-gen students thrive here, graduating at high rates and out-earning their parents within five years of their degree. Putting prosperity in reach Breaking news UC enrolls its largest class in history The number of undergraduates rose to a record-breaking 233,272, with California students comprising 83.4 percent. Out-of-state enrollment dipped to its lowest level since 2017. Learn more about UC enrollment trends 10 campuses.Endless possibilities. All campuses have something amazing to offer We’re building a culture of academic excellence on our campuses. See the places where research thrives. Witness the innovations of the future. Meet incredible people and enjoy the diverse culture and unique views from each one. UC San Diego San Diego is doing things a little differently. It’s second in the world in research universities and has over 130 undergraduate courses across five disciplines. But there are also seven colleges here, with their own theme and educational requirements. UC Irvine Irvine is home to independent thinkers. With a friendly on-campus vibe and a diverse research community, people feel right at home here. UC Riverside Riverside is well established as one of the top universities in the world. But apart from rankings, the research done here is unparalleled. It’s one of the leading universities to offer faculty-led research to all undergrads. UCLA Anything is possible at UCLA. We’re more than just our accolades. We’ve done some incredible things and created over 140 companies with technology developed here. It’s easy to see how UCLA is redefining the future. UC Santa Barbara Santa Barbara encourages students to challenge themselves freely. Here we equip them with the creative freedom to open doors and aim for academic excellence Plus, it’s right on the beach for a stunning view. UC Santa Cruz With ground-breaking disciplines, towering redwood forests, and a unique cityscape, UC Santa Cruz is pretty spectacular. Quality research means quality results. And there’s plenty of space for intellectual exploration at this stunning hillside campus. UC Merced Welcome to California’s newest base for advanced research. We’ve got all the latest facilities to aid students and researchers. Not to mention our backdrop, Yosemite National Park: The greatest natural research facility of all. UC San Francisco Compassion and patient care go hand in hand with groundbreaking research and teaching. That’s the heart of UC Health. And at UCSF, we run one of the nation’s best medical centers —changing people’s lives every day through health and science. UC Berkeley 107 Nobel laureates. 19 Pulitzer Prizes. 207 Olympic medals. Berkeley’s accolades speak for themselves. This dynamic campus has the most eclectic, exciting mix of students in California. UC Davis Research is at the heart of UC Davis. It’s ranked as one of the top public research universities in the world. Davis is famous for unparalleled academics and research opportunities with an easy-going college town feel. Explore the UC story through data See detailed metrics on student enrollment, graduation rates, alumni outcomes and more about the University. Visit the Information Center 82% of undergrads come from California 2 out of 3 California students who applied last year got in. 54% of California undergrads pay no tuition UC has one of the strongest financial aid programs in the nation. 86% of undergrads earn a diploma Most students complete their studies in just over four years. The University of California opened its doors in 1869 with just 10 faculty members and 40 students. Today, the UC system has more than 280,000 students and 227,000 faculty and staff, with 2.0 million alumni living and working around the world. Subscribe to our newsletter Email address Subscribe UC quick links Campuses & locations Student success About us Get involved Press releases Contact us External resources Apply or transfer Office of the President Academic Senate Board of Regents UCnet: Employee resources Footer Links 2 Accessibility Terms of Use Copyright © The Regents of the University of California Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn