miniOrange Secure It Right : Identity and Access Management Solution Loading... Login Sign Up Contact Us SSO Platform Choose Your Solution Workforce Identity Empower your employees, contractors and partners with secure access. Customer Identity Delight your customers with frictionless login. Try Cloud Try On-Premise Single Sign-On Secure and seamless login to any app Directory Services Authentication via any external directory User Management Manage user profiles and their access Identity Brokering Connect your apps with any external IdPs supporting any protocols Adaptive Access Policies Grant access based on IP/location/time Legacy Apps SSO Modern authentication for on-premise applications Mobile Apps SSO Secure access to your native/mobile apps Provisioning & Deprovisioning Manage & automate user identity lifecycle SCIM Provisioning User or group management using SCIM Popular Integrations Microsoft Office Apps SSO BigCommerce SSO Oracle Apps SSO Google Workspace SSO Atlassian Cloud SSO All Integrations Pricing Partner with Us MFA Add Secure Layer Multi-Factor Authentication Secure user identity with an additional layer of authentication. Supported MFA Methods 15+ authentication methods to secure your apps Try Cloud Try On-Premise MFA for VPN Enable secure access for your VPN MFA for Windows Logon & RDP Secure login to Windows and RDP MFA for Linux Login & SSH Secure local/remote login into Linux RADIUS MFA MFA on all RADIUS supporting apps MFA for ADFS Additional authentication methods for ADFS Secure Remote Access Secure remote access for employees, IT admins, and vendors Secure Network Devices Boost your network infrastructure security with MFA Adaptive MFA Risk based authentication to verify user identities IP Restriction Restrict access by IP address Popular MFA Solutions MFA for Fortinet MFA for AnyConnect MFA for SonicWall MFA for Palo Alto MFA for Zoom All Integrations Pricing Partner with Us Atlassian Single Sign-On (SSO) SAML Single Sign-On OAuth Single Sign-On Crowd SAML SSO Git Authentication Kerberos/NTLM SSO User Management User & Group Sync Bulk User Management PDF/Word Exporter Authentication & Security 2FA/MFA Rest API WebAuthn Secure Share Featured in Atlassian Spotlight Read More Partner With Us Documentation Raise A Ticket WordPress SAML Single Sign-On Seamless login to your WordPress site using any Identity Provider. OAuth Single Sign-On Securely sign in into WordPress site with your choice of OAuth Provider. SAML Service Provider Securely authenticate the user to the WordPress site with any IdP. OAuth / OIDC Client Single Sign-On or login with your any OAuth and OpenID Connect servers. LDAP/AD Login For Intranet Login using credentials stored in your LDAP Server. SAML Identity Provider Login into any SAML 2.0 compliant Service Provider using your WordPress site. OAuth Server Allows SSO for client apps to use WordPress as OAuth Server and access OAuth API’s. OTP Verification Remove possibility of user registering with fake Email Address/Mobile Number. REST API Authentication Secure the unauthorized access using different authentication credentials. Two Factor Authentication Secure login to your website with an additional layer of authentication. Web3 / Blockchain Solution Token Gate your WordPress site using the power of the Blockchain Connectors Drupal Wide range of security extensions consisting of SAML SSO, OTP Verification, 2FA and many more. Shopify Secure access to your Shopify application within minutes with ready to use Single Sign-On Solution. Joomla Modules for Single Sign-On using SAML and OAuth, OTP Verification, 2FA and more. Magento Ready to use solutions such as SAML Single Sign-On, Two Factor Authentication and Social Login. Moodle Login to your moodle account using our Single Sign-On plugin using your IdP. DNN Get easy and seamless access to all resources using SAML Single Sign-On module. Security Privileged Access Session Management Password Vault JIT Privileged Access Session Monitoring Remote Access Password Management API Security WordPress JIRA Confluence Reverse Proxy Shopify Multi Staff Users Load Balancing IP Restriction Reverse Proxy Caching Rate Limiting Google Workspace Blockchain Security NFT Token Gating Opensea Integration Lazy Minting NFT Marketplace Network Security Captive Portal Malware Scanner Firewall Encrypted Backup Login and SPAM Protection Solutions App Integrations 5000+ pre-integrated app supporting protocols like saml, oauth, jwt, etc. Privileged Access Management Empower you to protect identities, stop threats, and deliver dynamic access All Integrations Pricing SSO Solutions Google Apps Office 365 AWS Atlassian Cloud BigCommerce Freshdesk Zoho Sharepoint MFA Solutions OpenVPN Palo Alto Fortinet AWS Workspace Windows VPN Zoom VMware Horizon View Provisioning Solutions Azure AD Salesforce Office 365 Google Workspace Workday BambooHR SAP SuccessFactors Mobile Solutions React Node JS Angular JS Legacy Apps Oracle EBS Siebel CRM PeopleSoft QlikView Company About Us We secure IT right. Charity miniOrange helping hands towards COVID-19. Training Develop technical skills and gain experience dealing with customers. Careers Join our enthusiastic and fast growing team. News Stay informed on the latest happenings at miniOrange. Partners Join our trusted community to deliver best products. Differentiation Find out what differentiate us from other vendors. Contact Us We are committed to provide world class support. +1 978 658 9387 (US) +91 97178 45846 (India) info@xecurify.com CONTACT US Resources WHAT'S NEW? SCIM Provisioning automate user and group onboarding and offboarding with identity lifecycle management. Zero Trust Learn what is zero trust and how does it work? Content Library A Catalog of all resources to help you understand our products. Video Library Learn how easy it is to implement our products with your applications. API Documentation Search for guides and how-tos for all our software and cloud products and apps. Blogs Check out the latest from our team of in-house experts. FAQs Find a list of question and answers pertaining to a particular solutions. Forum Interact with our experts on various topics related to our products. Pricing IAM Solutions Pricing Workforce Identity Cloud & On-Premise pricing for SSO, MFA & Provisioning usecases. Customer Identity B2C plans that cover all your needs IAM Pricing Flexible IAM pricing for all you identity usecases Drupal Modules Pricing Checkout pricing for all our Drupal modules. Joomla Extension Pricing Checkout pricing for all our Joomla extensions. Atlassian Apps Pricing Secure authentication and logon into Atlassian with our apps. Magento Plugins Pricing Checkout pricing for all our Magento plugins. WordPress Plugins Pricing Checkout pricing for all our WordPress plugins. Moodle Plugins Pricing Ensures secure access to your Moodle server within minutes. Customers Customer Stories Secure MFA Solution for DBS High Availability MFA solution for their employees located in different locations. Single Sign on For Al-Nahdi Secure solution to view and manage all the users access at one place. Know More Education Check out our trusted customers across the globe in education sector. Government / Non-Profit Org Check out our trusted customers across the globe in government / non-profit org sector. Finance And Banks Check out our trusted customers across the globe in financial sector. See All Our Customers Healthcare And Hospitals Check out our trusted customers across the globe in healthcare sector. Media And Entertainment Check out our trusted customers across the globe in media and entertainment sector. Telecom And Internet Sector Check out our trusted customers across the globe in telecom sector. Customer Reviews Meet us at Booth 61 AISA Canberra CyberCon Australia '24 to discover how we can assist you in meeting Essential 8 Compliance Hello there! Need Help? We are right here! miniOrange Email Support Thanks for your Enquiry. If you don't hear from us within 24 hours, please feel free to send a follow-up email to info@xecurify.com Your Contact E-mail Phone: What are you looking for Select Category Product Questions Sales Enquiry Schedule a Demo Technical Support Others How can we help you? Submit Search Results: × « » Secure IdentityAnywhere Everywhere Get industry-leading security solutions for your employees, customer, and partner to enhance productivity, frictionless user experience, and increased customer sign-ups Request a Demo Try Now for Free 6000+ Applications 20,000+ Customers 24 x 7 Worldwide Support Trusted Customers around the World ... View More Finance Healthcare Government Retail Education Telecom Secure SSO Solution for Emirates Transport Established in 1981 by federal Law, Emirates Transport used miniOrange On-Premise IdP solution, and they have successfully eased access to their resources and secured their internal users. Know More Secure SSO Solution for NASA Headquartered in Washington DC, NASA successfully used SSO between Crowd and IdP using our Crowd SAML Add-on and its connectors. This solution was developed exactly as they needed it. Know More Secure SSO Solution for DBS Bank Our On-Premise Identity Provider (IDP) provided DBS Bank with a solution to restrict access to Fortigate VPN with Multi-Factor Authentication. Know More Secure SSO Solution for Goldman Sachs miniOrange SAML SSO app: Seamless login to Jira using Identity Provider (IdP) with our miniOrange Jira SAML SSO app. Secure SSO Solution for Vodafone Vodafone used SSO solution for the authentication from IDP and the created users can also be mapped to a custom default group. Know More Secure SSO Solution for Telstra Telstra used our Crowd SSO connector plugin and this was developed exactly as they needed it for Atlassian applications. Know More Secure SSO Solution for Walmart Walmart used our One-Click Migration feature to help in the migration process with zero downtime. It helped them reduce the resources spent on maintaining the Crowd server. Know More Secure SSO Solution for Starbucks Starbucks used our Jira SAML SSO plugin for external user management which can be performed by assigning different default groups to internal and external users. Know More Single Sign-On (SSO) for Harvard University Harvard University used our MemberPress plugin to create and manage memberships for the users who have some gated content which is available only to subscribed customers Secure SSO Solution for John Hopkins University Our WordPress SAML SSO plugin provided SSO solution to their multi-site environments consists 80+ plus sites. Also deployed a customized solution for role-based access by users to pages and the content of the site. Secure SSO Solution for Nahdi Medical Company With our IDP solution Al Nahdi was able to use their existing Identity Provider and Data source and connect that with Siebel CRM without the hassle of developing or maintaining a new SSO system. Know More Secure SSO & MFA for Clarity Benefit Solutions Clarity Benefit Solutions used six custom applications and one WordPress site to serve nearly 10,000 users. They decided to use a single sign-on solution to simplify access to their resources. Know More Built for the way you work WordPress Atlassian Identity Platform Shopify Drupal Equip your WordPress site with our best-in-class security solutions Explore our suite of best-in-class WordPress plugins covering every facet of your WordPress for educational institutes, financial institutions, IT, real estate and more. Learn More Authentication And Logon Into Atlassian with our suite of Apps miniOrange simplifies Atlassian suite security and user management with, one-click access, for employees, customers and partners, through all device types, to all enterprise having on-premises applications. Learn More Secure your own Shopify eCommerce websites or stores Wholesome security solutions within Shopify using our Apps like Single Sign-On, Shopify Store as IDP, Login with OTP, Two Factor Authentication, Social Login, Firewall, etc. Learn More Seamless and reliable IAM solution for your business Everything you need for Identity and access management (IAM) to secure workforce, customer, and partner identities to meet the unique needs of a fast-growing company that too at a price that works for your budget. Learn More State-Of-The-Art Security Solutions for your Drupal website, to make it as robust as it can We understand how important Data Privacy is, and to that effect, our solutions such as SSO, MFA, Provisioning and Sync can be securely deployed completely within the confines of your own ecosystem. Learn More Highlights of IdentityShield Summit ‘24 One-click access, for employees, customers and partners, through all device types, to all enterprise having on-premises applications. Checkout Highlights Next Year Conference IdentityShield Summit ‘25 February 20th & 21st Securing user identities and their access Workforce Identity Protect and empower your employees, contractors and partners with simple and secure access to business resources. Learn More Customer Identity Helps organizations to manage customer identities and data, as well as control customer access to applications and services. Learn More Featured by Top Industry Analysts Secure Access to all your Applications With over 5,000 + apps available in the miniOrange App Directory, secure any app easily. See All Integrations Resources Blogs Videos Partnership What is Zero Trust Security and How does it work? Know More Identity and Access Management (IAM) Market After Economic Turndown? Know More Secure Jira Datacenter With Password Policy Manager Know More Check All Blogs IAM Dashboard & Overview Check Video WordPress Check Video Atlassian Check Video Check All Videos IAM Partners Join Us Atlassian Partners Join Us Drupal Partner Join Us Request a Free Demo! Request a Demo Thank you for your response. We will get back to you soon. Please enter your enterprise email-id. +1 978 658 9387 (US)+91 97178 45846 (India) info@xecurify.com CONTACT US STAY CONNECTED Product Single Sign-On Identity Brokering Two-factor Authentication Privileged Access Management Risk Based Authentication User Lifecycle Management Directory Services OAuth / OpenID Connect Server Solutions SSO Solutions 2FA Solutions Mobile Solutions Provisioning Solutions Windows Solutions Adaptive MFA Solutions Directory Integrations Company About Us Why miniOrange Customers Partners News Careers Contact Us Resources Blogs Videos FAQs Forum API Docs Privacy Policy © Copyright 2024 miniOrange Security Software Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Preferences Cookie Consent Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Cookie Consent This privacy statement applies to miniorange websites describing how we handle the personal information. When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve the information on your browser, mostly in the form of the cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Click on the category headings to check how we handle the cookies. For the privacy statement of our solutions you can refer to the privacy policy. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Necessary cookies help make a website fully usable by enabling the basic functions like site navigation, logging in, filling forms, etc. The cookies used for the functionality do not store any personal identifiable information. However, some parts of the website will not work properly without the cookies. Performance Cookies Always Active These cookies only collect aggregated information about the traffic of the website including - visitors, sources, page clicks and views, etc. This allows us to know more about our most and least popular pages along with users' interaction on the actionable elements and hence letting us improve the performance of our website as well as our services. Ok Cookies Preferences. Disclaimer