Albuquerque Journal | News & Sports in New Mexico Skip to main content 42° Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us News in Education e-Edition Subscribe Submission Forms Newsletters News Local State National World Crime Education Government Traffic History Legislature Agriculture Environment Border Military Good News Sports Lobos Lobos Basketball Preps Columns College Isotopes NM United Sports Calendar Combat-sports Things to Do Play free games Food Bars and Breweries Families Travel Top Picks Outdoors Calendar Puzzles Comics Balloon Fiesta Puzzle Answers Lifestyle Arts Life in New Mexico Health and Fitness Pets TV and Film Theater Music Business Profiles Energy Real Estate Money Technology Columns Stock Market Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Speak Up Form Letters to the editor form Caption Contest Form Obituaries Submit Profiles Classifieds View Classifieds Place a Classified Ad View Legal Ads Place a Legal Ad Jobs Journal Careers Job Marketplace Journal Delivery Opportunities Print Print Ads Past Special Sections Facebook Twitter YouTube TikTok Pinterest Instagram iOS App Android App © Copyright 2024 Albuquerque Journal 7777 Jefferson St NE, Albuquerque, NM | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Site search Search Subscribe Here! Menu Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° News Sports Things to Do Lifestyle Business Opinion Obituaries E-edition Jobs/Classifieds Legals Podcasts APS board committee recommends new protocols for how to evaluate the panel's new superintendent Recommendation still must go before full board. Read moreAPS board committee recommends new protocols for how to evaluate the panel's new superintendent Four takeaways from University of New Mexico president’s state of the university speech University of New Mexico President Garnett Stokes reflected on the impact of artificial intelligence on education during her annual state of the university speech… Read moreFour takeaways from University of New Mexico president’s state of the university speech Stay for a S-P-E-L-L: Musical comedy 'Putnam County' is something to bee-hold at the Albuquerque Little Theatre The losers get a juice box. Read moreStay for a S-P-E-L-L: Musical comedy 'Putnam County' is something to bee-hold at the Albuquerque Little Theatre 5 fixer-upper properties on the market in Albuquerque These five homes on the market are relatively blank canvases that can be shaped into the house if your dreams for the handyman (or woman), do-it-yourself type. Ea… Read more5 fixer-upper properties on the market in Albuquerque Vortex Theatre to stage August Wilson's 'Jitney' Before Uber, before Lyft, there were jitney cabs — unlicensed, for-hire vehicles that sprang up to serve inner-city neighborhoods that commercial taxis preferred … Read moreVortex Theatre to stage August Wilson's 'Jitney' 'Grieve together and heal together': ABQ community holds vigil for Nex Benedict Emotions were high and raw on Sunday night, as roughly 80 members of the Albuquerque community came together at Morningside Park to hold a solidarity vigil in hon… Read more'Grieve together and heal together': ABQ community holds vigil for Nex Benedict Antoine Predock, world-renowned architect, dies at 87. Called New Mexico his spiritual home Internationally-renowned architect Antoine Predock died this weekend, according to a family friend. Read moreAntoine Predock, world-renowned architect, dies at 87. Called New Mexico his spiritual home Latest Talking Grammer, Ep. 82: Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez Episode 82 features a hoops (and more) conversation with Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez. Read moreTalking Grammer, Ep. 82: Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez City Council narrowly votes down resolution to dig deeper into Medina crash Monday, Albuquerque City Council voted 5-4 against a resolution calling for a multi-agency investigation into Albuquerque Police Department Chief Harold Medina’s Feb. … Read moreCity Council narrowly votes down resolution to dig deeper into Medina crash Around the Mountain: Toppin ties MW record, has numbers on par with best freshman seasons In 27 minutes of foul-troubled, bruising play on Saturday night, primarily against two expected All-Mountain West conference forwards — Boise State’s O’Mar Stanley and… Read moreAround the Mountain: Toppin ties MW record, has numbers on par with best freshman seasons Golden State opportunity: Lobo women seek key win at Fresno State Clear as mud. That’s the state of the Mountain West women’s basketball race heading into Tuesday’s final slate of regular-season games. Read moreGolden State opportunity: Lobo women seek key win at Fresno State Gov. signs four bills aimed at reducing gun violence A new joint fire, police and Albuquerque Community Safety center. A possible special session focused on crime and public safety. The signing of four bills geared at re… Read moreGov. signs four bills aimed at reducing gun violence Arms supplier denies providing live ammo to "Rust" An Albuquerque arms supplier who testified Monday in the trial of “Rust” armorer Hannah Gutierrez Reed denied providing live ammunition to the production prior to a fa… Read moreArms supplier denies providing live ammo to "Rust" APD: Detention facility turns away five youths arrested wth guns Five teenagers arrested after two separate incidents involving gun crimes over the weekend couldn’t be detained at the county juvenile detention center because of over… Read moreAPD: Detention facility turns away five youths arrested wth guns Placitas homebuilder wins award A local homebuilder won several awards for a home in Placitas. Read morePlacitas homebuilder wins award Photos: Michelle Lujan Grisham signs key pieces of public legislation in to law Must Reads Stay for a S-P-E-L-L: Musical comedy 'Putnam County' is something to bee-hold at the Albuquerque Little Theatre The losers get a juice box. Vortex Theatre to stage August Wilson's 'Jitney' Before Uber, before Lyft, there were jitney cabs — unlicensed, for-hire vehicles that sprang up to serve inner-city neighborhoods that commercial taxis preferred to bypass. +3 Find out when 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' will make a stop in ABQ “Barbie The Movie: In Concert” will make a stop at Isleta Amphitheater on July 31. The national tour is led by Macy Schmidt and the Barbie Land Sinfonietta. Cage the Elephant is coming to ABQ. Find out when the Grammy winners will make a stop Cage the Elephant is back with a new album and a tour. The Grammy Award-winning band will release “Neon Pill” on May 17. A 45-date tour of the same name will kick off … Sports Talking Grammer, Ep. 82: Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez Episode 82 features a hoops (and more) conversation with Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez. Read moreTalking Grammer, Ep. 82: Mountain West commissioner Gloria Nevarez Around the Mountain: Toppin ties MW record, has numbers on par with best freshman seasons In 27 minutes of foul-troubled, bruising play on Saturday night, primarily against two expected All-Mountain West conference forwards — Boise State’s O’Mar Stanley and… Read moreAround the Mountain: Toppin ties MW record, has numbers on par with best freshman seasons Golden State opportunity: Lobo women seek key win at Fresno State Clear as mud. That’s the state of the Mountain West women’s basketball race heading into Tuesday’s final slate of regular-season games. Read moreGolden State opportunity: Lobo women seek key win at Fresno State Geoff Grammer's AP Top 25 ballot for March 4 In the 12 slots occupying spots 17 through 28 (if this were a Top 28) of my rankings, I have nine teams from the top tier of the Mountain West (SDSU, Boise State, Utah… Read moreGeoff Grammer's AP Top 25 ballot for March 4 State basketball tournament analysis: A bracket snafu and several story lines emerge This year’s release of the state basketball tournament brackets came with a strange, post-announcement twist. Read moreState basketball tournament analysis: A bracket snafu and several story lines emerge 2024 New Mexico State Basketball Tournament brackets Multimedia +5 Photos: Michelle Lujan Grisham signs key pieces of public legislation in to law +7 Photos: Locker 505 Fashion Show Designers came from near and far on Sunday evening to display their latest designs in front of a sold out crowd at the 11th annual Locker 505 Fashion Show at the Shera… +14 Photos: K-9 police dog training A K-9 unit is a specialized group of law enforcement officers who use service dogs to perform the responsibilities of a general police officer. +15 Photos: Solidarity Vigil Honoring the life of Nex Benedict is held Morningside Park Opinion EDITORIAL: NM is leading all right, on the lists of the bad things From the Editorial Board: The governor contends New Mexico is leading the nation in many business-related sectors, like job growth, wage growth, manufacturing growth a… Read moreEDITORIAL: NM is leading all right, on the lists of the bad things TOP OF MIND: What do you think about the proposed merger of Kroger and Albertsons? TOP OF MIND: What do you think about the proposed merger of Kroger and Albertsons? Read moreTOP OF MIND: What do you think about the proposed merger of Kroger and Albertsons? OPINION: The key to hitting is swinging the bat, no matter the inning OPINION: The game of life is like baseball in many ways. Read moreOPINION: The key to hitting is swinging the bat, no matter the inning OPINION: Ruthless cartels making billions smuggling migrants across southern border OPINION: I continue to be impressed with the skill and humane way Border Patrol agents treat migrants who are crossing illegally, but mostly have been duped by ruthles… Read moreOPINION: Ruthless cartels making billions smuggling migrants across southern border TOP OF MIND: What is your take on the auto accident/shooting incident involving Albuquerque Police Chief Harold Medina? TOP OF MIND: What is your take on the auto accident/shooting incident involving Albuquerque Police Chief Harold Medina? Read moreTOP OF MIND: What is your take on the auto accident/shooting incident involving Albuquerque Police Chief Harold Medina? OPINION: Israel must continue to do what it takes to defend its citizens OPINION: Israel has no option but to neutralize Hamas this time, not only in order to protect its own citizens — more than 20% of whom are Arab — but to protect Palest… Read moreOPINION: Israel must continue to do what it takes to defend its citizens Local Events Things to Do Stay for a S-P-E-L-L: Musical comedy 'Putnam County' is something to bee-hold at the Albuquerque Little Theatre The losers get a juice box. Vortex Theatre to stage August Wilson's 'Jitney' Before Uber, before Lyft, there were jitney cabs — unlicensed, for-hire vehicles that sprang up to serve inner-city neighborhoods that commercial taxis preferred to bypass. +3 Find out when 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' will make a stop in ABQ “Barbie The Movie: In Concert” will make a stop at Isleta Amphitheater on July 31. The national tour is led by Macy Schmidt and the Barbie Land Sinfonietta. Lifestyle Georgia O’Keeffe Museum Art and Leadership Program accepting applications from Santa Fe area rising sixth graders The Georgia O’Keeffe Museum is accepting applications for its summer Art and Leadership Program. +3 Cornering the market: He may have taken the apostrophe, but Roy E. Cline left his name on a NM landmark Clines Corners has served as a beacon for New Mexico travelers at the intersection of Interstate 40 and U.S. 28 for more than 80 years and is named for the man who put… Pet care: Better pain control is here for pets with arthritis Limping is a strong clue, but a dog who’s not prone to drama may just get up more slowly or try turning back on leash walks. Arthritic cats might quit jumping onto the… Facebook Twitter YouTube TikTok Pinterest Instagram iOS App Android App abqjournal.com 7777 Jefferson St NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 Phone: 505-823-4400 Email: cs@abqpubco.com Sections News Sports Things to Do Lifestyle Business Opinion Obituaries Multimedia Services E-edition Classifieds About Us Contact Us Subscribe Online Services × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Albuquerque Journal 7777 Jefferson St NE, Albuquerque, NM | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.