Cruelty free international homepage | Cruelty Free International Skip to content Skip to navigation Cruelty Free International subtitle: Working to create a world where no animals suffer in a laboratory Site Navigation What we do Make a change Shop Donate Utility Nav Site Search Search our site You are here: Cruelty free international homepage Published on 17 July 2019 Updated: 21 February 2024 TAKE THE PLEDGE FOR A CRUELTY FREE UK Pledge to help kick testing on animals out of our homes and ask your MP to stand up for animals in UK laboratories. TAKE THE PLEDGE © Cruelty Free International / Carlota Saorsa Cruelty Free International works to create a world where no animals suffer in a laboratory. 192.1 million animals were used for scientific purposes worldwide in 2015 Find out more 207,724 tests using dogs are conducted worldwide The facts & figures 12.6 million animals were bred for experiments in the EU but then not used Discover non-animal methods The Leaping Bunny Programme The Cruelty Free International Leaping Bunny is the globally-recognisable gold standard for cosmetics, personal care and household products. Hundreds of brands are approved cruelty free under our Leaping Bunny programme. Search Leaping Bunny brands Become Leaping Bunny approved We will not stop We campaign to end animal experiments worldwide. Learn more and take action for animals suffering in laboratories. Take action for animals Get involved today and help us end animal testing worldwide. Be a hero for animals subtitle: Get involved today and help us end animal testing worldwide. homepage secondary call to action 1Help animals today Celebrities, ambassadors, politicians Secondary homepage call to action 2Find out more about our ambassadors News & updates 1 March 2024 American Bar Association calls for the Advancement of Non-Animal Research and Testing Methods Published on 1 March 2024 American Bar Association calls for the Advancement of Non-Animal Research and Testing MethodsRead more 28 February 2024 Cruelty Free Europe ask MEPs to Pledge Cruelty-Free Published on 28 February 2024 Cruelty Free Europe ask MEPs to Pledge Cruelty-FreeRead more 26 February 2024 HEARTS Act inspires NIH investment in non-animal research methods Published on 26 February 2024 HEARTS Act inspires NIH investment in non-animal research methodsRead more Sign up for updates You can make a vital difference to animals in laboratories by signing up to receive our urgent campaign alerts. You’ll also be the first to hear about the latest appeals, campaigns and news on how you can support us to end animal research around the world! First name Last name Email (required) Leave this field blank Site footer. Includes: Newsletter signup, Social links, Simplified sitemap navigation and Secondary navigation. Cruelty Free International subtitle: Working to create a world where no animals suffer in a laboratory Simplified sitemap navigation Make a change What we do Leaping Bunny Programme Apply for the Leaping Bunny Contact us Media centre Work for us Donate Fundraise Legacy Shop Cruelty Free International Trust Cruelty Free Europe Get the latest from us We promise to always keep your data details safe and we never sell or swap your details with anyone Sign up Connect Facebook icon facebook youtube icon youtube twitter icon twitter linkedin icon linkedin instagram icon twitter Privacy and T's & C's Privacy policy Terms of use Small Print Copyright 2023