Partnerize | Flexible Tracking that Powers Partner Channel Insights Platform Overview Discover Track Manage Measure Pay Protect Services Partners Overview Affiliates Influencer Content Agencies Integrations Resources Learning Resources Hub Events Blog Company About Us Leadership Press Careers 日本語 Track Power partner channel insights with scalable, flexible tracking infrastructure. Scalable, flexible tracking infrastructure that powers partner channel insights. Optimizing partnerships for profitable growth requires actionable, data-driven insights. Track provides the framework necessary to gain transparency into unlimited data points across your partnership program. With Track, marketers can easily implement solutions such as first-party, server-to-server, batch and mobile app tracking, or leverage Partnerize’s suite of ecommerce plugins for turnkey partner program activation. Quickly activate performance-based partnerships using progressive tracking infrastructure. First party pixel tracking Server-to-server Batch Mobile app ecommerce platform and tag manager integrations Connect the dots on the mobile path to purchase. Over 67% of ecommerce involves mobile, but the challenge lies in tracking consumer journeys across mobile touchpoints. Capture mobile touchpoints with AllTrack, a mobile tracking infrastructure that offers persistent tracking for transactions including in-app or mobile web touchpoints. Choose the AllTrack tracking methodology that is right for your business. Direct API Capture clicks and transactions within your mobile application and share that data with Partnerize—no SDK required. Partnerize SDK Easily install our secure, lightweight SDK—available for both iOS and Android. Third-Party Integrations Tap our integrated technology solutions to implement leading app attribution tools including Appsflyer, Branch and Adjust. Track the data points that matter most to your business. Partnerize brings clarity to the complex, allowing you to track, report and commission on unlimited custom data points such as size, color, class of service and destination just to name a few. As a result, marketers have the actionable insights necessary to make data-driven decisions that drive profitable growth. Sale vs non-sale Payment Type Frequency Brand Quantity Price Time Day of Week Country Product Category Product Type Gift Card Currency SKU Device Type New vs Existing Customer Promotion Learn more about finding, recruiting and optimizing right-fit partners. eGuide 29 Tips to Improve Your Partner and Affiliate Performance Today eGuide Simple Ways to Make Retail Influencers Revenue Accountable View resources Brands are increasingly seeking advanced technology as they look to grow their partner marketing programs. Partnerize’s robust reporting, tracking and payment tools allow us to efficiently manage our clients programs and improve partner performance. Robert Glazer Founder & CEO Learn how our clients drive profitable growth with Partnerize. Explore case studies We work across more than 214 countries and territories, offering both local expertise and global capabilities. Get in touch to learn more or follow us to stay informed. Facebook-f Linkedin-in Instagram Twitter Youtube Quick links Platform Services Partners Agencies Integrations Resources Marketers Affiliate Marketing Guide Influencer Marketing Guide Company About Us Leadership Press Careers Blog Contact Terms & conditions Privacy policy Cookies Acceptable use policy Avoid Scams © 2022 Performance Horizon Group Limited. All rights reserved.Partnerize is the trading name of Performance Horizon Group Limited – Registered in England & Wales 07188234Level 8 West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE1 3PA. United Kingdom.