Micro.blog Micro.blog About Pricing Sign in Try for free → Personal blogging that makes it easy to be social Post short thoughts or long essays, share photos, all on your own blog. Micro.blog makes it easy, and provides a friendly community where you can share and engage with others. Try Micro.blog for free 30-day free trial. Cancel anytime. Blog hosting Community Your hub Blog hosting It's easy to blog Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use. And it's versatile enough to handle your content, from fun to serious and everything in between. A place you can feel good about Follow other people and share your stuff in a friendly community managed by humans, not bots. Home on the web From your blog, connect to the rest of the web: converse with Mastodon users, cross-post to Tumblr or Bluesky, share your RSS feed so people can follow you from anywhere. What people are saying. “Micro.blog gave me a frictionless way to do what I always wanted to do: put my thoughts and feelings out there on my own blog.” — Gabriel Santiago. "Micro.blog is a place where 'users' can became people again. It’s social at the speed of human." — Greg Moore “Slower paced, quieter and thus less demanding on one’s attention. It’s not about chasing likes or followers, or posting quick takes.” — Paul Robert Lloyd “Micro.blog is not an alternative silo: instead, it’s what you build when you believe that the web itself is the great social network.“ – Brent Simmons “The social network you can feel good about.” — Annie Mueller Everything you need starts at $5 Micro.blog offers a balanced approach to blog hosting with the flexibility to let Micro.blog host a blog for you and handle everything, so that microblogging is easy, or bring your own existing blog and customize it. Micro.blog $5/month Your blog at username.micro.blog or use your own domain name. Cross-posting to Mastodon, Tumblr, Bluesky, Medium, LinkedIn, and Flickr. Easy posting from the web, or use native apps for iOS, Android, and macOS. Share photos on your blog. Custom themes and CSS. WordPress, Tumblr, and Medium import. Micro.blog Premium $10/month Includes everything from the standard plan, plus: Create up to 5 blogs. Podcast hosting. Share short videos. Bookmark archiving and highlights. Email newsletters. Let your readers subscribe to get an email when you post to your blog, or have Micro.blog collect posts into weekly or monthly emails. Micro.blog Family $15/month Includes everything from Micro.blog Premium. Great for families, friends, or small teams. Add up to 5 people to your blog. If they don't have an account on Micro.blog, they can register for free and access your family blog. Members can write or edit blog posts. Try Micro.blog for free → Micro.blog is a small team trying to make the web a little better. Manton Reece@manton Jean MacDonald@jean Jonathan Hays@cheesemaker Vincent Ritter@vincent Help forums Email help Pricing About News Service status