INFO Niagara - Niagara Falls Attraction, Accommodation and Destination Guide | Special Niagara Falls Vacation Packages Contact Us sales@niagarahistoricinns.com Toll-free: 844 681 8862 Select Language"EnglishFrenchGermanSpanish Toggle navigation Groups Corporate Retreats Group Bookings Reunion Events Sleep Where to Stay Hotels & Motels Bed & Breakfasts Fallsview Hotels Campgrounds Niagara Falls Airbnb Resorts Getaways Vacation Rentals Inns Niagara Falls Historical Inns Waterpark Hotels Petfriendly Hotels Play Attractions Things To Do Casinos Theme Parks Tours Golf Shopping Wineries Entertainments Recreation Explore Events, Shows & Festivals Falls Illumination & Fireworks Restaurants/ Dining History and Facts Niagara Region Niagara Daredevils Plan Attraction Tickets Deals & Packages Fast Facts Border Crossing Weddings Book with Niagara Vacations Niagara Escapes GROUP RESERVATIONS Corporate Retreats, Family Reunions, Weddings, and more!!! Niagara Escapes BEST ACCOMMODATIONS Niagara Falls hotels range from smaller, family style accommodations to some of the finest luxury full-service resorts. Niagara Escapes WORLD CLASS ATTRACTIONS Other than the breathtaking Niagara Falls, there are several exciting attractions that families sure to go and enjoy. Niagara Escapes EXCITING EVENTS & FESTIVALS Welcome to the Events, Festivals & Shows in Niagara Falls All Hotels Bed and Breakfasts Vacation Rentals Attractions Arrival Date: Departure Date: Rooms: 1 2 3 4 5 Adults: 1 2 3 4 5 Children: 0 1 2 3 4 5 Search Niagara Helicopters A thrilling flight, a spectacular sight! From the sensation of lift-off to the excitement of soaring above the turbulent rapids and cascading waterfalls, your Niagara Helicopters ride is a unique and spectacular experience. Our all-scenic route gives you an incredible view of Niagara's natural and man-made wonders. Our immaculately-maintained helicopters feature headsets with taped commentary in various languages. PriceQty Adult$145.00 0 1 2 3 4 5 Child$89.00 0 1 2 3 4 5 Couples$280.00 0 1 2 3 4 5 BUY TICKETS NOW Greg Frewin Theatre Experience the mystery and art of illusion with Greg Frewin, one of the most decorated magicians in the world. Greg Frewin "The International Grand Champion of Magic" earned his title by winning first place in all of the World's top magic competitions, a feat that has never been duplicated by any magician. Audiences in 20 countries, across six continents have enjoyed Greg's brilliant performance. This NEW 600 seat theatre has created a Las Vegas style atmosphere in the heart of Niagara Falls Ontario. The Greg Frewin Theatre offers a variety of seating as well as ticket price options for the WILD MAGIC show. Ticket prices will vary by your seat location, and the proximity of your seat to the stage. Buy Tickets Online OH Canada Eh? Dinner Show Voted the Niagara Falls Attraction of the Year seven times, the Oh Canada Eh? Dinner Show will be one of the highlights of your visit to Niagara Falls! This "must-see" musical celebration of Canada is fun for the entire family. Children and adults alike will thrill to the music of our great country. We'll have you tapping your toes, singing along and dancing in the aisles. You'll meet singing Mounties, Lumberjacks, Klondike Kitty, Anne of Green Gables, Hockey Players, French Canadian Trappers, Newfoundland Fishermen, Explorers and other Canadian characters. "This show really made me feel so proud to be Canadian. And I'm not...I'm from Ohio!" - Sue Morris, Toledo, Ohio "The cast and music were outstanding. We laughed so much our kids didn't want it to end!" - The Flett Family, Ottawa, Ontario Buy Tickets Online Whirlpool Jet Boat Tours The powerful Jet Boat speeds upriver, making its way into the breathtaking stonewalled canyon that is the Niagara Gorge. The anticipation builds as the boat splashes into the white water of Devil's Hole Rapids. The ultimate destination is the legendary Whirlpool, just a half-mile below the tumbling waters of one of the wonders of the world, the mighty Niagara Falls! So gear up, get ready for a fantastic experience you will not soon forget. Voted one of the top ten must do attractions in Canada - don't miss out! All rates are subject to 13% tax for Canada departures. All rates are subject to 8% tax for USA departures. *Youth Restrictions: Wet Jet - must be six years of age and a minimum of 44" tall Jet Dome - must be four years of age and a minimum of 40" tall Minimum age to take this tour alone with adult 18+ supervision is 16 years of age Rates are valid for Wet Jet tours or Jet Dome tours. All rates are subject to change. Please note: This tour is seasonal, operating from May through to October. Open Jet Boat Tour from US SideCAD $ 85.00 Buy Tickets Online Domed Jet Boat TourCAD $ 75.00 Buy Tickets Online BIRD KINGDOM Amazing Birds, Reptiles and More!! Your adventure begins here! 4x Winner of Niagara's "Attraction of the Year", this soaring adventure is for the whole family! Discover the world's largest indoor, free flying aviary with over 400 exotic birds from around the world and dare, if you will, to get up close and personal with some of the Rainforest's most unique creatures. Around every corner, expect the unexpected! Journey through this "Awe" inspiring Kingdom and be sure to allow an hour or more to explore all areas! CAD $ 20.28 Buy Tickets Online CLIFTON HILL FUN PASS The Clifton Hill entertainment promenade is a major promenade near Niagara Falls offering a variety of amusements. It is home to the Niagara SkyWheel, Dinosaur Adventure Golf, Movieland Wax Museum of Stars, XD Theater, Ghostblasters Dark Ride and Zombie Attack. Your best deal for seeing the greatest attractions on Clifton Hill is with the Clifton Hill 6 Attraction Pass! A great way to save money on the most popular attractions! With your Fun Pass, enjoy admission to six top attractions at a low price - less than if you visited each site separately. Also receive five tokens to use at the Great Canadian Midway entertainment complex. Clifton Hill Fun PassCAD $ 33.84 Buy Tickets Online SKYLON TOWER OBSERVATION DECK ADMISSION Ride-to-the-Top and Indoor/Outdoor Observation Decks of Skylon Tower are favourite attractions in the Niagara region. Glide smoothly to the top aboard our exterior glass-enclosed "Yellow Bug Elevators" in just 52 seconds where you will enjoy spectacular views of the Falls, the Great Gorge, Niagara wine district and the city skylines of Buffalo, New York and Toronto. CAD $ 12.50 Buy Tickets Online RIPLEY'S BELIEVE IT OR NOT! NIAGARA FALLS Experience three unique attractions including Ripley’s Believe It or Not! Odditorium, our art motion simulator ride Ripley’s Moving Theater, and Louis Tussaud’s Waxworks showcasing over 100 life-like wax figures. AdmissionCAD $ 10.95 Buy Tickets Online WHY WE ARE THE BEST With over 40 years of objective experience in the tourism and hospitality industry, your team at Niagara Escape Vacations is committed to make your holiday in Niagara a fantastic and memorable experience! Amazing Travel A year round vacation destination, the Niagara Region offers guests a multitude of world class activities and attractions. Read More Discover From the awesome natural wonders of Niagara Falls to historic Niagara on the Lake, visitors can discover fantastic itineraries for cultural, adventure, and nature seekers. Read More Book Your Trip Book with confidence via the team at Niagara Vacations. Read More Nice Support Contact us for group inquiries or to review your existing reservation. Read More POPULAR CHOICES Boutique Inns with Breakfast Browse our selections of B&Bs, Inns, and Hotels. Boutique Inns with Breakfast Browse our selections of Bed and Breakfasts, Inns, and Hotels. See All Fabulous Vacation Rentals View a selection of fabulous vacation rentals with our without complimentary breakfasts Fabulous Vacation Rentals View a selection of fabulous vacation rentals with our without complimentary breakfasts See All Attractions & Activities Discounted tickets to many of Niagara Best Experiences. Attractions & Activities Discounted tickets to many of Niagara Best Experiences. See All Travel Specialists Group Bookings Corporate Retreats Reunion Events Tweets by INFO_Niagara Newsletter Inspiration, ideas, news and your feedback. SUBMIT 844 681 8862 sales@niagarahistoricinns.com Contact Us Copyright © 2021 InfoNiagara | Sitemap | Contact Support Powered by