Discover the attention surrounding your research - Altmetric Search for: About us Altmetric About us What are altmetrics? Our data Altmetric Details Page Altmetric Attention Score Altmetric news Our team Brand Request more information Solutions Solutions Altmetric Explorer Altmetric Badges Altmetric API Altmetric on GBQ Altmetric for Books Altmetric Consulting Services Free tools Let’s collaborate Request a demo Who we serve Who is Altmetric for? Institutions Publishers Researchers Funders Corporate R&D Pharmaceutical Request a demo Resources Resources Blog Events Case studies Use cases Whitepapers / Reports Sign up for our newsletter Support Support Support centre Getting started Resource library Product support Implementation guide Altmetric Details Page API documentation Contact us Sign In Contact us About us Altmetric About us What are altmetrics? Our data Altmetric Details Page Altmetric Attention Score Altmetric news Our team Brand Request more information Solutions Solutions Altmetric Explorer Altmetric Badges Altmetric API Altmetric on GBQ Altmetric for Books Altmetric Consulting Services Free tools Let’s collaborate Request a demo Who we serve Who is Altmetric for? Institutions Publishers Researchers Funders Corporate R&D Pharmaceutical Request a demo Resources Resources Blog Events Case studies Use cases Whitepapers / Reports Sign up for our newsletter Support Support Support centre Getting started Resource library Product support Implementation guide Altmetric Details Page API documentation Contact us Sign In Contact us Your influence. Tracked. Explained. Visualized. Altmetric’s interface tracks online engagement to reveal how and where your research is making a difference. What can Altmetric help you achieve? Thousands of conversations about research happen online every day. Altmetric tracks a range of sources to capture and collate this activity, helping you to monitor and report on the attention surrounding the work you care about. Publishers Academic Funders Researchers Pharmaceutical Corporate R&D Take a look at our solutions Access and compare online attention to research Altmetric Explorer Uncover the wider influence of published research Track thousands of online mentions all in one platform. Learn more Showcase research influence Altmetric Badges See the dissemination of research at a glance Consolidate online attention to research to complement traditional citation analysis. Learn more Flexible data Altmetric API Leverage Altmetric data in the way that works best for your organization Conduct more complex searches, ask granular questions, build custom visualizations and merge your own data. Learn more Custom analysis and visualizations Altmetric Consultancy Order bespoke dashboards to answer your questions Our data analysts can help you create a custom solution based on your organization’s needs. Learn more Transform your approach to engagement tracking Move beyond citations and listen in on the conversation Request a quote Find out more What our customers say about us “Altmetric has the potential to change the way we understand the impact that research has within academia and more importantly the wider impact that it has in society.” SAGE Publications Latest insights View all Since Twitter became X… Current data shows that despite a decline in activity, X’s engagement remains higher than pre-COVID levels, underscoring its place in the research discourse. Read more Can Altmetric help create a level playing field for … Can Altmetric solutions provide a clearer picture of how a researcher’s gender might influence their recognition, achievements, and impact within STEM fields? Can Altmetric be one of the means to address current gender disparities within STEM research? Read more Antimicrobial resistance: the urgency of tracking attention Tools like Altmetric will be vital in tracking the attention research on antimicrobial resistance gets across different information platforms. Read more Altmetric for media and information literacy in the … While the now well-recognized Altmetric donut does show the amount of attention in various digital settings, it is becoming increasingly clear that digging deeper into Altmetric data can uncover a plethora of important information that was previously difficult, if not impossible, to access. Read more On-demand webinars View all Getting to know Altmetric Badges: Why they are useful for publishers As a publisher, you may see Altmetric Badges on your publication pages. Each badge updates… View event Landscapes of attention: Benchmarking with the Altmetric dataset In this webinar, we covered: View event Elevating SDG Impact: Insights, Trends, and Automations for Publishers Scholarly publishers play a crucial role in advancing the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),… View event Tracking multiple languages in the Altmetric Explorer Wikipedia is one of the most important sources of information on the web and one… View event Telling Research Impact Stories with Altmetric Data What are altmetrics, and how can you use them to tell research impact stories? In… View event Sharing Evidence of Journal Success: Competitive Benchmarking for Effective Storytelling Editorial boards want up-to-the-minute indicators of success like media attention and indicators of impact including… View event Social Media for Scholars: How to Share Your Research Online Do you want to share your scholarly work on social media but don’t know how?… View event The first step in landscape analysis: How to search by subject area in Altmetric Explorer Are you interested in tracking and analyzing the research landscape of specific fields? If you… View event How to search for competitors in the Altmetric Explorer Have you ever wondered what kind of online attention your competitors are receiving? Having clear… View event Visualizing Altmetric data in Tableau Data visualization can transform massive amounts of raw Altmetric data into actionable insights in minutes.… View event How to Perform Sentiment and Topic Analysis for Altmetric Data The public may be talking about your research but what do these conversations mean? Sentiment… View event Visualizing Altmetric data with VOSviewer Visualizations can make data come alive, uncover new insights and capture the imagination in a… View event Let’s stay in touch Subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates on the latest developments in citation tracking. About us Contact us Support Audience Altmetric for Publishers Altmetric for Institutions Altmetric for Researchers Altmetric for Funders Altmetric for Corporate Altmetric for Pharmaceutical Products Altmetric Explorer Altmetric Badges Altmetric API Altmetric Books Altmetric Consulting Services Free Tools Resources Blog News Case studies Whitepapers / Reports Use cases Get in touch Terms of use | Privacy Policy | Security | Accessibility | System Status Cookie Settings LinkedIn Twitter YouTube © Copyright 2023 Altmetric Limited. All rights reserved.