We craft games, entertainment, joy. - Welcome to Rovio Rovio Home Search Toggle Search Submit search Close search Open menu Toggle Menu Welcome to Rovio! Search Toggle mobile search Submit search Close search Close panel Popular searches Angry Birds Careers Support About News Games Careers Technology Sustainability Contact Investors Support For Parents Follow us Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram Twitter Twitter Linkedin Linkedin Youtube Youtube Close menu Toggle mobile search Home We craft games entertainment joy. Page home Welcome to Rovio. We put joy first with our player-focused mobile games. About Rovio Latest news. DEI Blog Unveiling Biases in AI Part 1: The Ethical Landscape Licensing News Introducing two new educational Angry Birds games from Legends of Learning! Company Announcements Angry Birds contributes to Wild Green Future’s Annual Charity Battle View all news Our Games. Angry Birds 2 Get to know all of the iconic characters and experience the fun gameplay that has captured the hearts of millions of players. View Game Angry Birds Dream Blast Life is a bubble-popping dream in a new puzzle game with a gameplay style never-before-seen in an Angry Birds game. View Game Angry Birds Journey Join an all-new Angry Birds game full of fun puzzles and delightful destruction! Use the slingshot to blast blocks as you adventure through fantastic worlds. Test your skills and help the famous flock find all of the Egg Wonders before the pigs! View Game View all games Careers at Rovio. Our games are defined by true craftmanship and original characters. Just like our teams. Explore Careers Meet the Rovians. Get to know the heart and soul of Rovio - the people behind our games. Meet the Rovians Eeva Aaltonen Head of Brand Operations Meet the Rovians Huel Fuchsberger Lead Game Designer Meet the Rovians Yumi Oishi Talent Acquisition Manager Meet the Rovians Mohsin “Mozzy” Ahmed Executive Producer view all Rovio Games Platform: Beacon. Build great games. Beacon takes care of the rest. Explore Beacon Rovio for Parents Get instructions on how to manage in-app purchases and data usage on different mobile devices Rovio FAQ Peruse a library of the most frequently asked questions about Rovio games and other products. Press Material & Resources Rovio brand assets plus assets from our games including character art and in-play video. Newsletter Subscribe here for all the news that's fit to fly - delivered straight to your inbox! You can opt out anytime. By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our privacy policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Submit By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from us. Please review our privacy policy for more information. You can unsubscribe at any time. Sending An error occured. Thank you for subscribing! We will be in touch. Teams Powered, Games Driven, Fan Fueled. Teams Powered, Games Driven, Fan Fueled. Rovio About News Games Careers Technology Sustainability Contact Investors Support For Parents Follow us Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram Twitter Twitter Linkedin Linkedin Youtube Youtube © 2009 - 2024 Rovio Entertainment Corporation. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice Terms of Service Code of Conduct Unsolicited content and product feedback policy