About the Semantic Web journal (by IOS Press) | www.semantic-web-journal.net Skip to main content area Semantic Web – Interoperability, Usability, Applicability an IOS Press Journal Search form Main menu About Calls Blog Issues Under Review Reviewed For Authors For Reviewers Scientometrics FAQ Login Username or e-mail * Password * Create new account Request new password Editorial Board Editors-in-Chief Krzysztof Janowicz Managing Editor Cogan Shimizu Eva Blomqvist Editorial Board Mehwish Alam Claudia d’Amato Stefano Borgo Boyan Brodaric Philipp Cimiano Oscar Corcho Bernardo Cuenca-Grau Elena Demidova Jerome Euzenat Mark Gahegan Aldo Gangemi Anna Lisa Gentile Rafael Goncalves Dagmar Gromann Armin Haller Aidan Hogan Katja Hose Eero Hyvönen Sabrina Kirrane Agnieszka Lawrynowicz Freddy Lecue Maria Maleshkova Raghava Mutharaju Axel Polleres Guilin Qi Marta Sabou Harald Sack Christoph Schlieder Stefan Schlobach Oshani Seneviratne Cogan Shimizu Ruben Verborgh GQ Zhang Editorial Assistants Aaron Eberhart Sanaz Saki Norouzi Syndicate Upcoming Deadlines Special Issue on Ontology Matching and Machine Learning. [Deadline: 20 February 2024] Special Issue on Knowledge Graph Generation from Text. [Deadline: 15 March 2024] Special Issue on Knowledge Graph Construction. [Deadline: 01 July 2024] Special Issue on The Pedagogy and Praxis of Knowledge Graphs and the Semantic Web. [Deadline: 31August 2024] About the Semantic Web journal (by IOS Press) Scope Open Calls Open and Transparent Reviews Editorial Board Scope The journal Semantic Web – Interoperability, Usability, Applicability (published and printed by IOS Press, ISSN: 1570-0844), in short Semantic Web journal, brings together researchers from various fields which share the vision and need for more effective and meaningful ways to share information across agents and services on the future internet and elsewhere. As such, Semantic Web technologies shall support the seamless integration of data, on-the-fly composition and interoperation of Web services, as well as more intuitive search engines. The semantics – or meaning – of information, however, cannot be defined without a context, which makes personalization, trust, and provenance core topics for Semantic Web research. New retrieval paradigms, user interfaces, and visualization techniques have to unleash the power of the Semantic Web and at the same time hide its complexity from the user. Based on this vision, the journal welcomes contributions ranging from theoretical and foundational research over methods and tools to descriptions of concrete ontologies and applications in all areas. We especially welcome papers which add a social, spatial, and temporal dimension to Semantic Web research, as well as application-oriented papers making use of formal semantics. The journal is peer-reviewed, open access and published bimonthly. Official online version of the journal. Follow the Semantic Web journal on Twitter. Suggestions for special issues are welcome. For any questions please do not hesitate to contact the Editors-in-Chief. IOS Press is a leading international publisher of scientific books and journals in many fields including computer & communications sciences and especially also the Semantic Web. Visit the Semantic Web Journal at IOS Press. Open and Transparent Reviews The Semantic Web journal relies on an open and transparent review process. Submitted manuscripts are posted on the journal's website and are publicly available. In addition to solicited reviews selected by members of the editorial board, public reviews and comments are welcome by any researcher and can be uploaded using the journal website. All reviews and responses from the authors are posted on the journal homepage. All involved reviewers and editors will be acknowledged in the final printed version. While we strongly encourage reviewers to participate in the open and transparent review process it is still possible to submit anonymous reviews. See review process and FAQ for details before submitting a manuscript or a review. The Semantic Web journal furthermore is a proponent of Open Science Data and requires, whenever possible, that authors provide relevant data and software for evaluation and replication. Please see our corresponding blog post for more details. . Listings/Indices Science Citation Index (Impact Factor): 3.105 (2021 IF, released in June 2022) SCImago - ranked 18th in Computer Science world-wide in 2013 ACM Digital Library Cabell's Directories of Publishing Opportunities DBLP Scopus Editorial Board Editors-in-Chief Contact email: contact @ semantic-web-journal . net Krzysztof Janowicz, University of Vienna, Austria and University of California, Santa Barbara, USA Managing Editor Cogan Shimizu, Wright State University, Dayton, OH, USA Eva Blomqvist, Linköping University, Sweden Editorial Board Mehwish Alam, Télécom Paris, Institut Polytechnique de Paris, France Claudia d’Amato, Università degli Studi di Bari, Italy Eva Blomqvist, Linköping University, Sweden Stefano Borgo, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche (CNR), Italy Boyan Brodaric, Geological Survey of Canada, Canada Philipp Cimiano, Universität Bielefeld, Germany Oscar Corcho, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain Bernardo Cuenca-Grau, Oxford University, UK Elena Demidova, University of Bonn, Germany Jerome Euzenat, INRIA Grenoble Rhône-Alpes, France Mark Gahegan, University of Auckland, New Zealand Aldo Gangemi, University of Bologna and ISTC-CNR, Rome, Italy Anna Lisa Gentile, IBM Rafael Goncalves, Stanford University, CA, USA Dagmar Gromann, University of Vienna, Austria Armin Haller, Australian National University, Australia Aidan Hogan, Universidad de Chile, Chile Katja Hose, Aalborg University, Denmark Eero Hyvönen, Aalto University & University of Helsinki, Finland Sabrina Kirrane, Vienna University of Economics and Business (WU Wien), Austria Agnieszka Lawrynowicz, Poznan University of Technology, Poland Freddy Lecue, CortAIx Thales, Montreal, Canada & INRIA, France Maria Maleshkova, Helmut Schmidt University & University of the Federal Armed Forces Hamburg, Germany Raghava Mutharaju, IIIT-Delhi, India Axel Polleres, Vienna University of Economics and Business (WU Wien), Austria Guilin Qi, Southeast University, China Marta Sabou, Technische Universität Wien (TUWien), Austria Harald Sack, FIZ Karlsruhe - Leibniz Institute for Information Infrastructure & Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany Christoph Schlieder, University of Bamberg, Germany Stefan Schlobach, VU University Amsterdam, Netherlands Oshani Seneviratne, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USA Cogan Shimizu, Wright State University, USA Ruben Verborgh, Ghent University – imec, Belgium GQ Zhang, The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, USA Editorial Assistants Aaron Eberhart, Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS, USA Sanaz Saki Norouzi, Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS, USA System Administrator Contact email: sysadmin @ semantic-web-journal . net 5857780 reads Reviewed Articles All accepted articles All reviewed articles Accepted articles by views Accepted survey articles Accepted tools/system papers Accepted Dataset descriptions Authors & Reviewers Submission Types Submission Guidelines Open and Transparent Reviews Links SWJ at IOS Press SWJ online issues at IOS Press SWJ Scientometrics Portal SWJ at Twitter SWJ at DBLP Job Postings Book series 'Studies on the Semantic Web' Recent blog posts Special Issue on the Pedagogy and Praxis of Knowledge Graphs and the Semantic Web Special issue on Knowledge Graph Construction Taking My Leave Semantic Web journal 10-year award 2023 Special issue on Ontology Matching and Machine Learning 2023 Journal Impact Metrics Special Issue on Knowledge Graph Generation from Text Semantic Web journal 10-year award 2022 2022 Journal Impact Metrics Call for Papers: Special Issue on Wikidata: Construction, Evaluation and Applications More Accepted Articles Pre-prints of accepted articles Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| SWJ is Published by IOS Press, Copyright 2019