HubSpot Blog | Marketing, Sales, Agency, and Customer Success Content Skip to content English : Select a language 日本語 Deutsch English Español Português Français High Contrast Log in Start free or get a demo Menu Search... Blogs Blogs Trusted by business builders worldwide, the HubSpot Blogs are your number-one source for education and inspiration. Marketing Resources and ideas to put modern marketers ahead of the curve Sales Strategies to help you elevate your sales efforts Service Everything you need to deliver top-notch customer service Website Tutorials and how-tos to help you build better websites The Hustle The insights you need to make smarter business decisions Next in AI Your essential daily read on all things AI and business. See all blogs Explore by topic Instagram Marketing Instagram Marketing Customer Retention Customer Retention Email Marketing Email Marketing SEO SEO Sales Prospecting Sales Prospecting Newsletters Newsletters All of HubSpot's handcrafted email newsletters, tucked in one place. The Hustle Irreverent and insightful takes on business and tech, delivered to your inbox Videos Videos Browse our collection of educational shows and videos on YouTube. The Hustle Our unrivaled storytelling, in video format. Subscribe for little revelations across business and tech Marketing with HubSpot Learn marketing strategies and skills straight from the HubSpot experts My First Million When it comes to brainstorming business ideas, Sam and Shaan are legends of the game Marketing Against the Grain Watch two cerebral CMOs tackle strategy, tactics, and trends HubSpot Everything you need to know about building your business on HubSpot See all videos Podcasts Podcasts HubSpot Podcast Network is the destination for business professionals who seek the best education on how to grow a business. My First Million Each week, hosts Sam Parr and Shaan Puri explore new business ideas based on trends and opportunities in the market Goal Digger Redefining what success means and how you can find more joy, ease, and peace in the pursuit of your goals The Hustle Daily Show A daily dose of irreverent, offbeat, and informative takes on business and tech news Another Bite Each week, Another Bite breaks down the latest and greatest pitches from Shark Tank Business Made Simple Build your business for far and fast success Marketing Against the Grain HubSpot CMO Kipp Bodnar and Zapier CMO Kieran Flanagan share what's happening now in marketing and what's ahead Online Marketing Made Easy Online Marketing Made Easy The Product Boss The Product Boss Nudge Nudge Side Hustle Pro Side Hustle Pro Outbound Squad Outbound Squad See all podcasts Resources Resources Expand your knowledge and take control of your career with our in-depth guides, lessons, and tools. Academy Learn and get certified in the latest business trends from leading experts Templates Interactive documents and spreadsheets to customize for your business's needs Ebooks In-depth guides on dozens of topics pertaining to the marketing, sales, and customer service industries Kits Multi-use content bundled into one download to inform and empower you and your team Tools Customized assets for better branding, strategy, and insights Search... HubSpot Products The HubSpot Customer Platform All of HubSpot's marketing, sales, customer service, CMS, operations, and commerce software on one platform. See pricing Free HubSpot CRM Overview of all products Marketing Hub Marketing automation software. Free and premium plans Sales Hub Sales CRM software. Free and premium plans Service Hub Customer service software. Free and premium plans CMS Hub Content management software. Free and premium plans Operations Hub Operations software. Free and premium plans Commerce Hub B2B commerce software. Free and premium plans About HubSpot Contact Us Customer Support Start free or get a demo Contact Sales About HubSpot Contact Us Customer Support Log in Start free or get a demo English : Select a language 日本語 Deutsch English Español Português Français High Contrast Log in Hubspot Blog HubSpot.com Loading Oh no! We couldn't find anything like that.Try another search, and we'll give it our best shot. Load More Results The 2024 State of Marketing & Trends Report: Data from 1400+ Global Marketers Discover the trends, tactics, and challenges marketers will focus on in 2023 and how they compare to... Maxwell Iskiev Updated 7/1/22 Featured Posts What is Sales Planning? How to Create a Sales Plan Jay Fuchs Updated 12/6/23 Customer Journey Maps: How to Create Really Good Ones [Examples + Template] Aaron Agius Updated 5/4/23 The Top Types of AI-Generated Content in Marketing [New Data, Examples & Tips] Tristen Taylor Updated 2/27/24 The 29 Dominating Web Design Trends for 2023 Karla Cook Hesterberg Updated 3/7/23 5 Steps to Create an Outstanding Marketing Plan [Free Templates] Rebecca Riserbato Updated 1/4/24 Crafting Your Content Blueprint for the Rest of 2023 With Cr... Learn Modern Millie's four-step process for planning out a powerful content creation schedule for th... Modern Millie Updated 10/30/23 How to Train Your ChatGPT — A Marketer’s Guide Want to tailor ChatGPT’s output to your marketing needs? Our guide will give you the step-by-step pr... Ankit Vora Updated 2/9/24 Creating a Culture of Inclusion: Revolutionizing Professiona... The concept of professionalism is critical of BIPOC professionals. Let's discuss the constructed pri... Justina Thompson Updated 9/28/23 17 Best LinkedIn Summary & Bio Examples [+ How to Write Your... Looking for help on writing a LinkedIn summary? These examples will give you the inspiration you nee... Aja Frost Updated 11/30/23 Marketing See more marketing articles See more marketing articles Bluesky is Now Open to the Public. Should your business be there? [Expert Interv... After a year of being invite-only, Bluesky is now open to the public. And with 4 Million u... Curt del Principe 3/4/24 How to Get Verified on TikTok: A Step-by-Step Guide Follow this step-by-step guide to getting verified on TikTok, plus learn a few tips to boo... Erica Santiago 3/4/24 7 Email Banner Examples I Love (For Your Inspiration) Learn what an email banner needs to include to compel customers to take action and be insp... Kiran Shahid 3/4/24 5 Marketing Trends That Might Not Survive in 2024 [HubSpot Research + Expert Ins... Marketing is always evolving, so your marketing playbook should, too. In 2024, take a look... Caroline Forsey 3/4/24 See more marketing articles See more marketing articles The State of Inbound Marketing in 2024 Download the Report Next in AI See more articles from Next in AI See more articles from Next in AI New ElevenLabs Feature Empowers Voice Actors to Charge for Usage Voice actors have been the backbone of ElevenLabs, the AI text-to-speech generator, since ... Martina Bretous 2/27/24 Reddit Strikes $60 Million Licensing Deal to Reportedly Train Google's AI Models Reddit reportedly signed a huge licensing deal with Google, allowing them to train their A... Martina Bretous 2/27/24 Is AI in Need of a Rating System? OpenAI Partners with Common Sense Media Does AI need a rating system like we have for films? OpenAI teams with Common Sense Media ... Curt del Principe 2/27/24 OpenAI is Launching Text-to-Video AI Model Sora OpenAI just announced its newest AI model, a text-to-video model called Sora. And the prom... Martina Bretous 2/20/24 Gemini Ultra is Here and Bard Gets a Name Change Google's long awaited, powerful LLM Gemini Ultra is now available in 40 languages via the ... Martina Bretous 2/13/24 Why Canva Is Investing In CustomGPTs — and Why You Should, Too There are some businesses already leveraging custom GPTs to help their employees, partners... Caroline Forsey 2/13/24 See more articles from Next in AI See more articles from Next in AI From HubSpot's video library prev next How to Start Affiliate Marketing With No Experience or Money (4 Free Tools!) 13 min watch Updated 1/16/24 How Airlines Really Make Money | Hustlenomics | The Hustle 6 min watch Updated 1/12/24 What Entrepreneurs Can Learn From Native Deodorant 4 min watch Updated 1/10/24 Meet the Designer Behind the Iconic Nudie Suit | Unknown Empires 10 min watch Updated 1/8/24 Tips For Elevating Your Next Go-To-Market Strategy (+ Free Templates) 10 min watch Updated 1/5/24 Why T-Mobile Trademarked This Color | The Hustle 6 min watch Updated 1/1/24 Service See more service articles See more service articles Customer Service Question of the Week Thanks for participating in our customer service question of the day! Please check back to... Tristen Taylor 3/4/24 4 Customer Acquisition Challenges You Might Face This Year Are customers slipping through the cracks? Find out the biggest customer acquisition chall... Tristen Taylor 3/4/24 I Tried 7 Crisis Management Software to See if They’re Worth It (Results & Recom... The best time to write a crisis plan and find out if your software is up to the task is no... Mandy Bray 2/27/24 20 Crisis Management Quotes Every PR Team Should Live By Explore insightful quotes from CEOs, politicians, and PR consultants who have successfully... Mandy Bray 2/7/24 See more service articles See more service articles An Introduction to Digital Marketing Learn the basics of digital marketing and explore different ways to reach your ideal customer. Download the Free Guide Sales See more sales articles See more sales articles 5 Pieces of Advice Every Sales Leader Needs to See in 2024, According to Modern ... See insight from five sales leaders on what sales leaders should prioritize, some principl... Jay Fuchs 3/4/24 Social Selling on LinkedIn: The Ultimate Guide LinkedIn's users are primed for sales conversations that address a business need. Start so... Aja Frost 3/4/24 Sales Prospecting: 35 Tips, Techniques, Templates, & Tools to Succeed An easy-to-use resource guide full of sales prospecting templates, best practices, and str... Cambria Davies 2/29/24 The Best Cold Call Script Ever [Template] Looking for a cold call script that gets results? Get the expert script, cold calling tips... Dan Tyre 2/28/24 See more sales articles See more sales articles From the HubSpot Podcast Network prev next Business Made Simple Your Website Probably Stinks—Here’s How to Fix It! 36 min listen Updated 10/31/23 The Science of Scaling How to Scale a Billion Dollar Sales Team w/ John McMahon (Board Member, Snowflake) 10 min listen Updated 10/31/23 Truth, Lies and Workplace Culture From Bystander to Ally: How to Avoid DEIB Washing 8 min listen Updated 10/31/23 Imperfect Action The art of the post-launch review: 5 questions to make your next launch a success 41 min listen Updated 10/31/23 Latinx In Power Harnessing the Power of Silence in Negotiation with Diana Kleps 43 min listen Updated 10/31/23 The Sales Evangelist 5 Ways To Do Daily Outbound With LinkedIn 25 min listen Updated 10/31/23 Website See more website articles See more website articles Web Accessibility: The Ultimate Guide Discover what web accessibility is, why it's a must-have, and how to implement best practi... Madison Zoey Vettorino 3/4/24 UX Accessibility: Everything You Need to Know Discover everything you need to know about UX accessibility to make products that offer a ... Madison Zoey Vettorino 2/27/24 Your Guide to Creating UX Problem Statements Discover how you can write a compelling UX problem statement to help your team stay aligne... Madison Zoey Vettorino 2/27/24 9 Sponsorship Form Templates and Samples Use a sponsorship form template to discover how your non-profit can start gaining more tra... Clint Fontanella 2/21/24 UX Prototyping: Your Complete Guide Discover how you can use UX prototyping to bring your product usability to the next level,... Madison Zoey Vettorino 2/20/24 The Chrome UX Report: How to Use It to Improve Your Website UX Discover how to improve your website's user experience with the Chrome UX Report. Learn ho... Jamie Juviler 2/19/24 See more website articles See more website articles Explore more topics Ready to brush up on something new? We've got more to read right this way. Instagram Marketing Customer Retention Email Marketing HubSpot Blog Subscribe to our Blogs Pick the blog emails you want to receive. Marketing Sales Service Website AI Please select at least one blog to subscribe to. Email address Subscribe We're committed to your privacy. HubSpot uses the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our privacy policy. Thank you! You've been subscribed BACK Popular Features All Products and Features Free Meeting Scheduler App HubSpot AI Tools Email Tracking Software AI Content Writer AI Website Generator Email Marketing Software Lead Management Software AI Email Writer Free Website Builder Sales Email Templates Free Online Form Builder Free Chatbot Builder Free Live Chat Software Marketing Analytics Free Landing Page Builder Free Web Hosting Free Tools Website Grader Make My Persona Email Signature Generator Brand Kit Generator Blog Ideas Generator Invoice Template Generator Marketing Plan Generator Free Business Templates Guide Creator Software Comparisons Library Template Marketplace Campaign Assistant Company About Us Careers Management Team Board of Directors Investor Relations Blog Contact Us Customers Customer Support Join a Local User Group Partners All Partner Programs Solutions Partner Program App Partner Program HubSpot for Startups Affiliate Program Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium Tiktok Copyright © 2024 HubSpot, Inc. Legal Stuff Privacy Policy Security Website Accessibility