HackMD - Collaborative Markdown Knowledge Base HackMD Tutorials Pricing Enterprise Blog Changelog Recent Sign in Get everyone on the same page with Markdown Real-time collaborate on project team technical personal documentation in markdown. Capture fleeting ideas and formalize tribal knowledge. Sign-up Effective team collaboration Flexible permissioning Effective team collaboration Flexible permissioning Transcend beyond space and time Blazing fast real-time collaboration breaks the space between members. Change notification keeps everyone posted. Sharing is caring Team workspace for bird’s-eye view over all team documents. Shared templates keep format and styling consistent. Keep your secret (while sharing it) Granular note permission settings and private image storage give you full control over how and with whom you share. Create a free team Your own tools Own your contents Your own tools Own your contents Markdown for everything Technical document, UML chart, math formula, data visualization, even slide deck – All portable. Document with Git the way you code Manage documentation with the Git workflow, decentralize the editing and storage, centralize the final documents. Your tools should work for you Access your notes with hotkey-invoked browser extension. One-click export notes to use HackMD in VSCode. Use for free Features Boost productivity your way VSCode Extension Write and see all HackMD supported markdown syntax right in VSCode. Install now GitHub Integration Version controlling your documents with your favorite GitHub workflow. Learn more Browser Extension Capture your thoughts and stay in the flow with hotkey-invoked browser extension. Install now MathJax and UML Draw UML diagrams in SVG and write scientific formula with plain text in one tool. Learn more Slide Mode Turn your note to slide deck and own the stage in a minute. Learn more Book Mode Create a collection of related documents, organize under chapters, and share at once. Learn more More features Become highly collaborative like these teams We've looked for ways to make our team discussions and process more visible and accessible to all users. We recently switched from Google Docs to HackMD. HackMD offers a great unified Markdown editor/preview which is familiar and well-suited to our needs. Our meeting records have improved a lot over a short period and as a result we are able to be better accountable to each other as a team. Bryan Van de Ven Co-creator and Project Lead of Bokeh See how customers use HackMD How I use HackMD in Open Source projects One of the major properties of successful open source projects is their ability to be transparent with their communities.This involves everything from open governance, to values, to technical direction. Jorge O. Castro Kubernetes Learn more There is a HackMD plan for you Billing Cycle: Annual Monthly Free Free basic features forworking effectively together $0 USD Start using Unlimited notes 3 invitees 3 custom templates GitHub integration Customize permalink to your note Most popular Prime Shared team space getseveryone on the same page $5 USD Per user per month(Pay $60 USD yearly to save 37.5%) $8 USD Per user per month Upgrade Everything in Free, plus Control permissions for each Team member Set default note permission Unlimited invitees Unlimited custom templates Dedicated storage for images Full-text search Enterprise Single Sign-On integration androle-based access control for businesses See more Request for demo Everything in Prime Team, plus Role-based access control SSO (SAML/LDAP/customized) login Custom domain and homepage GitHub and GitLab integration Full-text search Custom payment methods Dedicated account manager Read more Join 400,000+ active users! Come and love it ❤️️ Sign-up Loading… × Are you sure? Cancel Yes, do it! Cancel Create a note from template Create a note from template Oops... This template has been removed or transferred. Use this template Sign in Upgrade All All Team No template. Use this template Create a template Upgrade Template name Save as option Save this note as a template Save to another note as a template Cancel Yes Delete template Do you really want to delete this template? Keep the content Turn this template into a regular note and keep its content, versions, and comments. Cancel Delete × Sign in Email Password Forgot password or By clicking below, you agree to our terms of service. Sign in via Facebook Sign in via Twitter Sign in via GitHub Sign in via Dropbox Sign in with Wallet Wallet ( ) Connect another wallet New to HackMD? Sign up × Feedback Submission failed, please try again Thanks for your support. On a scale of 0-10, how likely is it that you would recommend HackMD to your friends, family or business associates? Please give us some advice and help us improve HackMD. I’m willing to participate in user experience research or beta testing so HackMD could build things I want. My Email: Cancel Submit Thanks for your feedback × OK × Create team Team Name Team Description Team URL Path https://hackmd.io/team/ Allow a-Z, 0-9 and dash not at beginning. Cancel Create team Tutorial Features Tutorials book Resources Pricing Releases Blog Policy Terms Privacy Contact us View email address HackMD @hackmdio Join Discord © 2024 HackMD. All Rights Reserved. English 中文 Français Deutsch 日本語 Español Català Ελληνικά Português italiano Türkçe Русский Nederlands hrvatski jezik język polski Українська हिन्दी svenska Esperanto dansk