Xiph.org Xiph.org Opus FLAC Icecast Vorbis Daala Theora Speex XSPF About Press Donate Contact Wiki Downloads Development Documentation Videos Resources by Project The Xiph.Org Foundation is a non-profit corporation dedicated to protecting the foundations of Internet multimedia from control by private interests. Our purpose is to support and develop free, open protocols and software to serve the public, developer and business markets. Xiph Community Updates 2019-04-15 Monty : "I'll be speaking in Norway next week (Oslo and Bergen)!" 2019-04-05 Jean-Marc Valin : "How Opus Came To Be" 2019-03-29 Monty : "Another new experimental codec from Xiph.Org!" 2019-03-29 Jean-Marc Valin : "A Real-Time Wideband Neural Vocoder at 1.6 kb/s Using LPCNet" 2017-01-13 Silvia Pfeiffer : "Annual Release of External-Videos plugin – we’ve hit v1.0" Xiph.Org in the News vorbis-tools 1.4.2 released Opus 1.2 released libVorbis 1.3.4 released Opus 1.1 released Digital Show & Tell released more headlines > In our effort to bring open-source ideals to the world of multimedia, the Xiph.Org Foundation and its open-source community develops a multitude of amazing products. Resources by Project Container Formats Ogg: Media container. This is our native format and the recommended container for all Xiph codecs. Speex RTP: RTP payload format for voice Vorbis RTP: RTP payload format for audio Theora RTP: RTP payload format for video Miscellaneous XSPF: XSPF is the XML format for sharing playlists. XiphQT: An implementation of our codecs for Apple's Quicktime and Core Audio. oggdsf: An implementation of our codecs for MS Windows. cortado: A java applet for Web browsers to display our codecs. Helper Libraries libao: A cross platform audio library. liboggz: A simple programming interface for reading and writing Ogg files and streams. libfishsound: A simple programming interface for decoding and encoding audio data using Xiph.Org codecs. Software for Distributing Media CD Paranoia Robust CD audio extraction Icecast: Streaming server IceS: Source client for Icecast Server Codecs Vorbis: Audio codec Tremor: Fixed-point decoder Daala: Next-generation experimental video codec Theora: Video codec FLAC: Free Lossless Audio Codec Speex: Speech codec CELT: Very low-delay audio codec Opus: IETF Interactive speech/audio codec Ogg Metadata: Arbitrary metadata format The Xiph Fish Logo and the Vorbis.com many-fish logos are trademarks (™) of Xiph.Org. These pages © 1994 - 2016 Xiph.Org. All rights reserved.