CBS Baltimore - Breaking News, Sports, First Alert Weather & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Baltimore On Your Corner. In Your Corner. facebook twitter youtube instagram News Local Maryland Best of WJZ at 9 Politics Consumer Business Health Entertainment CBS+ Weather First Alert Weather Radar & Maps Closings/Delays Weather Watchers Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Ravens Orioles Terps College Sports Horse Racing Golf Video On WJZ WJZ at 9 Community MVP Volunteer with WJZ WJZ and the Baltimore Banner HealthyMD WJZ Investigates AFRAM Black History Month About Us Meet The Team Contact Us Share A News Tip Links & Numbers Nominate An MVP Advertise With Us Download The App CBS News Live CBS News Baltimore: Local News, Weather & More Aug 23, 2021 CBS News Baltimore CBS News Live Voters Decide 2024 WJZ Investigates WJZ and The Baltimore Banner HealthyMD Latest News More Keona Holley Trial: Jury deliberating fate of man charged with murder of Baltimore police officer Elliott Knox is charged with the murders of Keona Holley and Justin Johnson. updated 5M ago University of Maryland students react to suspension of fraternities, sororities Several students told WJZ they have heard allegations of hazing. 22H ago Maryland Weather: Patchy fog tonight, rain returns Wednesday Areas of dense fog are possible tonight with rain returning Wednesday and continuing into Wednesday night. updated 46M ago Maryland elections 2024: Races to watch in Baltimore and statewide Maryland's primary elections are coming up fast. With May just around the corner, local and state races are heating up. 4H ago Ravens DT Justin Madubuike receives franchise tag The Baltimore Ravens have placed the franchise tag on defensive lineman Justin Madubuike, the team announced Tuesday. 1H ago Upper Deck Golf is coming to Camden Yards this summer The Baltimore Orioles and Upper Deck Golf will host a one-of-a-kind golf event at Camden Yards. 4H ago Baltimore City Council gives final approval on Harborplace redevelopment bills The bills include amendments to zoning, an urban renewal plan and the city's charter. 16H ago WJZ's voters guide for the 2024 general election Here's a comprehensive guide to voting in Maryland. 4H ago Facebook, Instagram services restored after widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users earlier today reported that they were booted out of the social media platforms, with many unable to log back in. 1H ago More Local News First Alert Weather More First Alert Weather Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 1H ago 02:45 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 More Sports News More Ravens DT Justin Madubuike receives franchise tag The Baltimore Ravens have placed the franchise tag on defensive lineman Justin Madubuike, the team announced Tuesday. 1H ago Baltimore Ravens plan 'major expansion' to concessions at M&T Bank Stadium The expansion is in connection with the team's 15-year lease extension at M&T Bank Stadium last year. 21H ago Two fragile DC neighborhoods hang in the balance as the Wizards and Capitals consider leaving town The fate of these two vulnerable neighborhoods now hangs in the balance in what could be months of political wrangling. Mar 4 Lincoln, Fayetteville State claim men, women CIAA basketball championships Lincoln University and Fayetteville State fans reveled in their CIAA basketball tournament championships. Mar 3 Baltimore native and LSU star Angel Reese escorted on Senior Day by Shaquille O'Neal She scored 22 points and grabbed 14 rebounds for her 20th double-double of the season. Mar 3 More Sports News WJZ At 9 WJZ At 9 Top Tier Driving School is a new drivers education business in Baltimore Top Tier offers offsite, virtual, and on-site driver education courses. Mar 4 02:47 Unleash your creativity with the MTA's Earth Day Youth Art Competition Unleash your creativity with the MTA's Earth Day Youth Art Competition Mar 1 01:24 Federal House Bar & Grille has special dishes and deals for restaurant week Federal House Bar & Grille has special dishes and deals for restaurant week Mar 1 02:19 What is Rare Disease Day? Dr. Amena Smith Fine from the Kennedy Krieger Institute talks about Rare Disease Day Feb 29 03:20 Guinness Open Gate Brewery is celebrating St. Patrick's Day Guinness Open Gate Brewery is celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a special menu. Feb 29 02:40 Country singer Brittney Spencer talks debut album, and more on WJZ at 9 Brittney Spencer joined WJZ at 9 to talk about her debut album, "My Stupid Life", her career, and more. Feb 29 06:31 The Empanada Lady is participating in Maryland Vegan Restaurant Month This March, Maryland Vegan Eats will once again host its ever-popular Maryland Vegan Restaurant Month from March 1 to March 30. Feb 28 02:45 "Mexodus" has its world premiere at Baltimore Center Stage MEXODUS is a new musical that explores the Underground Railroad that went South into Mexico. Feb 28 03:17 There are exciting things brewing at CFG Bank Arena. Here's how to go CFG Bank Arena is hosting superstars after its renovation and rebrand under new ownership. Here's what's coming up and how to find tickets Feb 27 04:04 Current Conditions More Weather WJZ-TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Latest Videos More Latest Videos Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 1H ago 02:45 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 Deliberations resume in trial of man accused of killing Baltimore Police officer, second victim The jury is deliberating the fate of one of the men accused in the 2021 murder of Baltimore Police Officer Keona Holley. 2H ago 00:38 Police arrest multiple suspects after deadly shooting in Brooklyn Park Police arrest multiple suspects after deadly shooting in Brooklyn Park 2H ago 00:49 Where's Marty? Learning more about the science behind our roads The complex is in Hanover, Maryland 5H ago 02:34 Adam Willis discusses what's next after Harborplace bills passed City Council To become reality, the vision for Harborplace must navigate a bureaucratic maze. That could take years, Adam Willis reports. 6H ago 02:48 More Latest Videos Latest News More Latest News Keona Holley Trial: Jury deliberating fate of man charged with murder of Baltimore police officer Elliott Knox is charged with the murders of Keona Holley and Justin Johnson. updated 5M ago University of Maryland students react to suspension of fraternities, sororities Several students told WJZ they have heard allegations of hazing. 22H ago Maryland Weather: Patchy fog tonight, rain returns Wednesday Areas of dense fog are possible tonight with rain returning Wednesday and continuing into Wednesday night. updated 46M ago Maryland elections 2024: Races to watch in Baltimore and statewide Maryland's primary elections are coming up fast. With May just around the corner, local and state races are heating up. 4H ago Ravens DT Justin Madubuike receives franchise tag The Baltimore Ravens have placed the franchise tag on defensive lineman Justin Madubuike, the team announced Tuesday. 1H ago More Local News Maryland News More Maryland News Federal law blocks local officials from seeing where guns used in crimes came from. Baltimore is suing to find out Five people, including three juveniles, have been arrested in connection with the mass shooting at Brooklyn Homes. 6H ago Maryland environmental justice bill excludes key concerns, advocates say House Bill 24​ would require the Maryland Department of the Environment to review environmental justice issues in a community before approving specified permits for new, renewal, or applications for modification. 7H ago Trial date set for man accused of killing Baltimore tech CEO Pava LaPere Jason Billingsley, 32, who remains in custody, will be tried on August 26. 22H ago Maryland elections 2024: Races to watch in Baltimore and statewide Maryland's primary elections are coming up fast. With May just around the corner, local and state races are heating up. 4H ago Two fragile DC neighborhoods hang in the balance as the Wizards and Capitals consider leaving town The fate of these two vulnerable neighborhoods now hangs in the balance in what could be months of political wrangling. Mar 4 More Maryland News WJZ At 9 More WJZ At 9 WJZ At 9 Top Tier Driving School is a new drivers education business in Baltimore Top Tier offers offsite, virtual, and on-site driver education courses. Mar 4 02:47 Unleash your creativity with the MTA's Earth Day Youth Art Competition Unleash your creativity with the MTA's Earth Day Youth Art Competition Mar 1 01:24 Federal House Bar & Grille has special dishes and deals for restaurant week Federal House Bar & Grille has special dishes and deals for restaurant week Mar 1 02:19 What is Rare Disease Day? Dr. Amena Smith Fine from the Kennedy Krieger Institute talks about Rare Disease Day Feb 29 03:20 Guinness Open Gate Brewery is celebrating St. Patrick's Day Guinness Open Gate Brewery is celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a special menu. Feb 29 02:40 More from WJZ At 9 Sports News More Sports News Ravens DT Justin Madubuike receives franchise tag The Baltimore Ravens have placed the franchise tag on defensive lineman Justin Madubuike, the team announced Tuesday. 1H ago Baltimore Ravens plan 'major expansion' to concessions at M&T Bank Stadium The expansion is in connection with the team's 15-year lease extension at M&T Bank Stadium last year. 21H ago Two fragile DC neighborhoods hang in the balance as the Wizards and Capitals consider leaving town The fate of these two vulnerable neighborhoods now hangs in the balance in what could be months of political wrangling. Mar 4 Lincoln, Fayetteville State claim men, women CIAA basketball championships Lincoln University and Fayetteville State fans reveled in their CIAA basketball tournament championships. Mar 3 Baltimore native and LSU star Angel Reese escorted on Senior Day by Shaquille O'Neal She scored 22 points and grabbed 14 rebounds for her 20th double-double of the season. Mar 3 More Sports News Politics More Politics Maryland environmental justice bill excludes key concerns, advocates say House Bill 24​ would require the Maryland Department of the Environment to review environmental justice issues in a community before approving specified permits for new, renewal, or applications for modification. 7H ago Which states vote today, Super Tuesday 2024? There are hundreds of delegates up for grabs in 15 states and one territory for both Democrats and Republicans on Super Tuesday. updated 22M ago Maryland elections 2024: Races to watch in Baltimore and statewide Maryland's primary elections are coming up fast. With May just around the corner, local and state races are heating up. 4H ago Biden signs short-term funding bill to avert government shutdown The measure delays a partial government shutdown for at least another week while Congress tries to agree on long-term funding. Mar 1 McConnell stepping down as Senate GOP leader, ending historic 17-year run The Kentucky Republican, who turned 82 last week, announced his decision on the Senate floor on Wednesday. Feb 28 More Political News Best Of More Best Of Heyward to open Baltimore Symphony Orchestra season alongside Yo-Yo Ma The classical season will open in two back-to-back gala concerts in September at Strathmore in Bethesda and the Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall in Baltimore. Feb 29 Baby named after Baltimore Orioles' Adley Rutschman showered with gifts from star catcher The Orioles bird visited Adley Michelle to drop off an autographed baseball and matching Adley Rutschman T-shirts Jan 19 GALLERY: Your snowfall pictures from January 16, 2024 WJZ viewers sent in pictures after Maryland experienced one of its most significant snowfalls in years. Jan 17 23 photos Vandalized Maryland church overcomes adversity to continue Christmas tradition of giving In June, vandals broke a window and destroyed much of what was inside, including bibles and a cross. Dec 25, 2023 Opera star Andrea Bocelli announces make-up date for Baltimore show He was originally supposed to sing in Baltimore on December 10. Dec 20, 2023 More in Best Of Consumer News More Consumer News Sofi's Crepes in Baltimore's Station North to close after 20 years Ann Costlow started Sofi's Crepes -- named after her dog -- after working as a stockbroker for 16 years. Feb 1 Are you owed back pay? U.S. Department of Labor searching for Maryland workers More than 4,000 workers in Maryland are owed millions in back pay, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. Jan 25 Baltimore County Restaurant Week returns Friday Baltimore County Winter Restaurant Week will be held from Jan. 13 to Jan. 22 Jan 12 Thousands without power in Baltimore area after Tuesday storm, BGE reports A hard-hitting storm brought heavy rain, damaging winds and flooding to the region. Jan 10 Here's how to stay safe and recover when your house floods The Baltimore area saw widespread flooding and damage after severe thunderstorms moved through the area overnight. Jan 10 More Consumer News Business News More Business News Primanti Bros. opening restaurant in Baltimore area Primanti Bros. on Tuesday announced plans to expand to the Baltimore region this spring. Jan 16 CVS closing dozens of its Target pharmacies in 2024 CVS is closing dozens of pharmacies inside Target stores in 2024 as the store and other retail pharmacy chains face increasing difficulties. Jan 12 Raising Cane's opens Columbia location, 5th in Maryland The wildly popular chicken finger joint opened its doors Tuesday at the Snowden River Shopping Center. Nov 7, 2023 Baltimore County executive vetoes amendments to plastic bag ban The council passed the "Bring Your Own Bag Act" with a bipartisan vote in February. Oct 26, 2023 Baltimore designated a federal tech hub, setting path for millions in funding Baltimore is one of 31 designees announced Monday, picked from nearly 400 applicants. Oct 23, 2023 More Business News Health News More Health News CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. Mar 4 Maryland House committee to hear bill restricting gender-affirming care for children The bill has the support of 15 Republicans and 3 Democrats in the House. Feb 21 Can't get sleep with your partner? A "sleep divorce" could save your sanity Doctors say getting good sleep is the key to a healthy lifestyle and relationship with your significant other. Feb 5 Concern about spread of highly contagious measles after new case in Maryland Measles is one of the most contagious diseases—spread in the air, by touch, and through saliva. Feb 2 More people need transplants than there are organ donors. Pigs might be a solution The need for more transplant organs is immense and growing. Jan 30 More Health News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Diana Ross stopping in Baltimore on Spring tour Ross will perform on Sunday, May 12 at the midtown venue. Mar 4 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Heyward to open Baltimore Symphony Orchestra season alongside Yo-Yo Ma The classical season will open in two back-to-back gala concerts in September at Strathmore in Bethesda and the Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall in Baltimore. Feb 29 Baltimore native shines light on Black mens mental health in new stage play A Baltimore native has created a new stage play called "What You Don't See" – that addresses the struggles Black men face with mental health. Feb 23 "Dolly Parton's Pet Gala" airs Wednesday night, Feb. 21 on CBS and Paramount+ Parton, one of the most revered multi-hyphenates of all time, will be joined on the pink carpet by co-host Jane Lynch, with runway correspondents Kelly Osbourne and Rachel Smith. Feb 21 More Entertainment News Weather More Weather Maryland Weather: Patchy fog tonight, rain returns Wednesday Areas of dense fog are possible tonight with rain returning Wednesday and continuing into Wednesday night. updated 46M ago Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 1H ago 02:45 Meteorologist Meg McNamara has your Tuesday morning forecast 3/5/2024 Meteorologist Meg McNamara has your Tuesday morning forecast 3/5/2024 8H ago 02:51 Derek Beasley has your Monday night forecast (3/4/2024) Derek Beasley has your Monday night forecast (3/4/2024) 16H ago 03:06 Derek Beasley has your Monday evening forecast (3/4/2024) Derek Beasley has your Monday evening forecast (3/4/2024) 21H ago 03:22 More Weather Stories Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 Marty Bass has your Tuesday afternoon forecast | March 05, 2024 1H ago 02:45 Deliberations resume in trial of man accused of killing Baltimore Police officer, second victim The jury is deliberating the fate of one of the men accused in the 2021 murder of Baltimore Police Officer Keona Holley. 2H ago 00:38 Police arrest multiple suspects after deadly shooting in Brooklyn Park Police arrest multiple suspects after deadly shooting in Brooklyn Park 2H ago 00:49 Where's Marty? Learning more about the science behind our roads The complex is in Hanover, Maryland 5H ago 02:34 Adam Willis discusses what's next after Harborplace bills passed City Council To become reality, the vision for Harborplace must navigate a bureaucratic maze. That could take years, Adam Willis reports. 6H ago 02:48 More Latest Videos ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information WJZ Events & Contests Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WJZ-TV Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On