About FAQs Who We Are Authors Books Fiction Poetry Nonfiction Catalogs Spring 2024 Fall 2023 Soft Skull Press is an independent publisher of books that engage art, culture, and current events in new and radical ways. We want our books to offer a refuge from, an alternative to, and an argument against mainstream culture and mainstream thinking. New Releases Don't miss news & events from Soft Skull. Subscribe to the newsletter today. Coming Soon Fiction Don't miss news & events from Soft Skull. Subscribe to the newsletter today. Nonfiction Don't miss news & events from Soft Skull. Subscribe to the newsletter today. Poetry About Soft Skull Press The press began in 1992 in New York, when a student named Sander Hicks was working shifts at Kinko’s. He started photocopying his writing, tape-binding it into books, and handing these out to his friends. In the twenty-five years since, we have published works by Eileen Myles, Maggie Nelson, Noam Chomsky, Lydia Millet, Alain Mabanckou, and many more. Our books have been awarded numerous Lambda Literary Awards as well as the Quill Award and the Arthur C. Clarke Award for Science Fiction, and have been finalists for the Believer Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize. The photographer William Eggleston once said that his work was “at war with the obvious.” In a tribute to Soft Skull author Lynne Tillman, Colm Tóibín borrowed Eggleston’s phrase to describe her work. Then again, Lynne Tillman has also said that one of her mantras is “Do the obvious.” Both seemingly opposite perspectives hold true, we think, for the books we want to publish. We’d be very happy if you bought our books at your local independent bookstore. Please follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram and we’ll do our best to entertain you. Sign up to our newsletter and you’ll receive a non-annoying frequency of emails about new books and fun events. Thank you for reading! Visit our other imprints at Catapult Book Group Catapult Counterpoint Press About About Soft Skull Distribution Rights & Permissions Desk & Exam Copies Catapult | Counterpoint | Soft Skull 1140 Broadway #706 New York, NY 10001 646.926.0805 | contact@softskull.com Terms & Policies Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Newsletter