Digital Concert Hall English Deutsch Español 日本語 한국어 中文 Concerts Films Interviews Access Search How to watch Register for a free trial Vouchers Log in The Digital Concert Hall of the Berliner Philharmoniker Welcome the Berliner Philharmoniker into your home. Live or on demand in the archive – on your TV, computer, tablet or smartphone: where we play just for you! Register for a free trial Enjoy the Berliner Philharmoniker live All of the orchestra’s concerts from the Philharmonie Berlin, the Europakonzert and the Waldbühne concert are broadcast live in the Digital Concert Hall and then shown as a repeat. Kirill Petrenko conducts Strauss’s “Elektra” Hannu Lintu and Vilde Frang Schoenberg’s “Erwartung” and Rachmaninov’s Third with Eun Sun Kim 2024 Europakonzert from Tsinandali with Daniel Barenboim and Lisa Batiashvili Kirill Petrenko conducts Smetana’s “Má vlast” François-Xavier Roth with Bruckner’s Third and a world premiere Yannick Nézet-Séguin and Beatrice Rana Simon Rattle conducts Bruckner and Widmann Honegger’s “Jeanne d’Arc au bûcher” with Alan Gilbert Gustavo Dudamel conducts Mahler’s Sixth Season finale at the Waldbühne with Kirill Petrenko and Yuja Wang Explore the extensive archive Over 750 concert videos from six decades Enjoy the Berliner Philharmoniker in the best sound and picture quality in concert videos and curated playlists. Go to the concerts Films, documentaries and artist portraits Gain fascinating insights behind the scenes and learn all about the musicians and the history of the orchestra. Go to the films Numerous interviews with great conductors and soloists Find out more about classical music and the guests of the Berliner Philharmoniker in our interviews and concert introductions. Go to the interviews Top quality for eye and ear Enjoy the concerts of the Berliner Philharmoniker in studio quality with Hi-Res Audio – immediate, authentic and without any data loss. Together with the ultra-high resolution image from our 4K cameras, we offer the best possible audiovisual concert experience. Learn more Your Access to the Digital Concert Hall With our monthly subscription or a one-off payment, you can watch all concerts and all other Digital Concert Hall content – as often as you like, on any device of your choice. Subscription €16.90 Subsequent monthly paymentCan be cancelled at any time Subscribe now 12 months €169 No automatic renewal Buy now Learn more On the device of your choice Our apps for TVs, Blu-ray players, streaming devices, smartphones and tablets bring great concert experiences to your living room and when you’re on the move. Register for a free trial The Digital Concert Hall at a glance The great conductors and soloists of our time Streaming in outstanding audio and video quality Regular live broadcasts Hundreds of archive concerts from six decades Interviews and concert introductions Documentaries, portraits and curated playlists Education concerts for the whole family Register for a free trial Help Contact How to watch Newsletter Institutional Access Access Vouchers Legal notice Terms of use Privacy Policy Javascript not available For full functionality of this website it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Learn more