Home - Cal Alumni Association Stay connected to Cal. Subscribe to our monthly email newsletter, The Cal Connection. Subscribe No, thank you. Skip to content Join Give Membership Cal Spirit Get Involved Give Back Travel Camp at the Lair California Magazine Search Close Search Form Join Savings & Discounts Renew Update Contact Info Benefits Membership FAQs Benefit of the Week The Graduate Wine Collective Wines crafted by UC Berkeley alumni. Join the Club Priorities History & Tradition News Our Programs Distinguished Alumni Contact Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Alumni House Shop CAA Gear Stay Connected to Cal Join Today Events Career Services Alumni Chapters Student Resources Educational Presentations Scholarships Wine Club March 7 Cal for All: Fostering Diverse Leadership for Sustainable Impact Special guests include Dania Matos, J.D., UC Berkeley’s Vice Chancellor and Chief Diversity Officer and Diego Jácome, co-chair of the UC Berkeley Chicanx Latinx Alumni Association – Los Angeles chapter. Event Details Make a Gift Volunteer Give Scholarships Advocate Cal Discoveries Travel Destinations Experiences Tours Tour Lecturers Travel News Upcoming Tour Insider’s Japan [waitlist only] March 18 - 30, 2024 Welcome Camps & Experiences Calendar Rates Accommodations Group Rentals & Weddings Year-Round Cabins Let's camp Your Lair summer adventure is calling. A great family vacation value. BOOK NOW All Stories The Edge Podcast Archives Submission Guidelines Class Notes About California Magazine Latest Issue 2023 Fall/Winter Read Now Back Join Savings & Discounts Renew Update Contact Info Benefits Membership FAQs Benefit of the Week The Graduate Wine Collective Wines crafted by UC Berkeley alumni. Join the Club Back Priorities History & Tradition News Our Programs Distinguished Alumni Contact Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Alumni House Shop CAA Gear Stay Connected to Cal Join Today Back Events Career Services Alumni Chapters Student Resources Educational Presentations Scholarships Wine Club March 7 Cal for All: Fostering Diverse Leadership for Sustainable Impact Special guests include Dania Matos, J.D., UC Berkeley’s Vice Chancellor and Chief Diversity Officer and Diego Jácome, co-chair of the UC Berkeley Chicanx Latinx Alumni Association – Los Angeles chapter. Event Details Back Make a Gift Volunteer Give Scholarships Advocate Back Cal Discoveries Travel Destinations Experiences Tours Tour Lecturers Travel News Upcoming Tour Insider’s Japan [waitlist only] March 18 - 30, 2024 Back Welcome Camps & Experiences Calendar Rates Accommodations Group Rentals & Weddings Year-Round Cabins Let's camp Your Lair summer adventure is calling. A great family vacation value. BOOK NOW Back All Stories The Edge Podcast Archives Submission Guidelines Class Notes About California Magazine Latest Issue 2023 Fall/Winter Read Now Membership Cal Spirit Get Involved Give Back Travel Camp at the Lair California Magazine Search Stay Connected to Cal As a graduate of UC Berkeley, you will always be part of our Cal family. With a membership to the Cal Alumni Association (CAA), you can unlock the full benefits of being Berkeley. For Life. Become a Member Join CAA Now Becoming part of CAA is more than a membership card. It’s supporting Cal students. It’s building relationships. It’s advancing careers. And it’s showing that you’re a proud alum of one of the greatest universities in the world. Join CAA Give Back Alumni are the Cal legacy. A gift in support of CAA keeps us all connected — to UC Berkeley and to each other. Give Back Get Involved From growing your professional network to mentoring Cal grads to attending tailgates and hoop parties, there are so many ways for you to engage with your fellow Golden Bears. Get Involved Become a Sponsor News & Updates Cal Culture Building Year-Round Community at the Lair Reflections from the Lair staff on their connections to the Lair, a home away from home for all who visit. Cal Culture Creator of the Bear Territory Chant: Ahmad Anderson ’83 As an undergrad, board member Ahmad Anderson ’83 created the famous Bear Territory chant based on rhythms and beats he learned in a UC Berkeley African jazz course. Marsha Roberts ’90 (second from left) with friends on the Cal campus. / Courtesy of Marsha Roberts News Meet the Vice President: Marsha Roberts ’90, M.D. Marsha Roberts ’90, M.D. plans to advance the Cal Alumni Association’s mission as Vice President of the Board of Directors through mentorship. Alumni Chapters Dr. Samantha Lewis Awarded the 2023 Prytanean Faculty Enrichment Award The Prytanean Alumnae Chapter honors Dr. Samantha Lewis for her outstanding scholarship and dedication to mentorship. Cal Culture UC Berkeley Alumni Share Their Favorite Locations Across every corner of UC Berkeley’s vast campus, alumni reminisce on the spots that made their experiences at UC Berkeley memorable. Your Lair summer adventure is calling. A great family vacation value. BOOK NOW Notice Join the CAA Board The CAA Board of Directors is a policy governance board, which governs with an emphasis on vision, encouragement of diversity, strategic leadership, and proactive decisions. The Board strives to serve and connect with the broad constituency of Cal alumni and future alumni. It is the responsibility of the Board to develop policies for the Association for which the CAA Executive Director and staff are responsible for attaining. Applications due Friday, March 15, 2024. Learn more about joining the CAA Board. Upcoming Events Mar 7 5:00 pm Cal for All: Thriving Communities for All Zoom Mar 14 ALL DAY Big Give 2024 Online Mar 28 6:30 pm California Live! Will AI Be Humanity’s Last Act? Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive View all events Become a Sponsor Marisa Guterman As an Interdisciplinary Studies Field major, wearing many different hats on her debut feature film LOST & FOUND IN CLEVELAND felt organic for writer-producer-director Marisa Guterman ’10. Using the foundation of her created focus at Berkeley – Art’s Potential for Social & Political Change – she put her studies into action. LOST & FOUND IN CLEVELAND is a look at the […] Roberta Satow Roberta Satow ’66, Ph.D., is a practicing psychoanalyst in Washington, CT. She is a senior member of the faculty and control analyst at the National Psychological Association for Psychoanalysis. Roberta is Professor Emerita of Sociology at Brooklyn College and the Graduate Center of the City University of New York. In addition to her non-fiction book […] Mary-Margaret Anderson Mary-Margaret Anderson ’73, a retired administrative law judge with the California Office of Administrative Hearings from 1997 until 2017, has been elected chair-elect, or 2025 chair-in-waiting, of the Board of Trustees of The National Judicial College, the nation’s oldest, largest, and most widely attended school for judges. In 2009, she was appointed to the Medical […] Read All Articles See the World with Cal Discoveries Travel Cal Discoveries Travel creates memorable learning opportunities for thoughtful travelers. Experience the journey of a lifetime. Upcoming Tours Become a Sponsor @calalumniassociation Our Partners Cal Alumni Association 1 Alumni House Berkeley, CA 94720 Contact Us About Us Advertise Careers Reports Community Policy Privacy Terms of Use YOUR CAL COMMUNITY Berkeley.edu Cal Athletics Cal Events Shop CAA Berkeley News Follow Us Stay connected by signing up for our newsletters Subscribe © 2024 Cal Alumni Association. All Rights Reserved. CAA is a self-funded nonprofit organization that relies on donations to provide programs and services that support students, alumni, and the university.