Reeder 5 ↓ Mela →Recipe Manager Reeder 5 - Your news reader. Download on the App Store Download on the Mac App Store Keep control of your news reading with Reeder, RSS reader and read later client in one app, now with support for iCloud syncing. iCloud Feeds Sync all your feeds and articles with iCloud. Reeder 5 comes with a built-in RSS/Feeds service which will keep everything in sync on all your devices. Of course, this is optional. You can still just use one of the many third-party services supported by Reeder iCloud Read Later This is Reeder's built-in read later service which stores all your data securely in iCloud. A sharing extension allows you to add links from outside of Reeder, on iOS and macOS. Bionic Reading A higher dimension of reading. With Bionic Reading you read texts with more focus, awareness, and sustainability. Read more about Bionic Reading at bionic-reading.com. Widgets (currently iOS only) View most recent articles, configurable to only show items from feeds, folders, searches (for services that support searches) or tags (for read later services). Mark as read on scroll With version 5, Reeder finally supports marking items as read while scrolling. Off by default, this can be enabled on a per-account basis. Reader View Enter Reader View (for feed items and read later links that support this) for a clutter-free reading experience directly in Reeder's article viewer. You can enable "Automatic Reader View" on a per-feed basis to always load items of a feed with Reader View. Supported third-party services Feedbin, Feedly, Feed Wrangler, FeedHQ, NewsBlur, The Old Reader, Inoreader, BazQux Reader, FreshRSS, Instapaper and Pocket. Mac iOS General Support / Feedback / Contact iOS Mac Other/Contact FAQ How can we help? Powered by replies.io Privacy Policy Reeder I take your privacy very seriously. Reeder does not collect any data. All sensitive data (passwords and other account data) is stored securely in the Keychain on your device or iCloud (if you have enabled iCloud Keychain). Third-party services This policy does not apply to third-party services you use with Reeder. You can consult the relevant privacy policies on the websites of any services you are using with Reeder. replies.io Reeder uses replies.io for handling support requests.See their Privacy Policy. News and Updates Mastodon gloria.social/@rizzi Mastodon RSS Feed gloria.social/@rizzi.rss