Poedit Translation Editor — Poedit Menu Features Download News Support Pro Powerful and intuitive translation editor Free Download Available for Poedit Easy translation of apps & sites with PO, XLIFF, JSON or Flutter formats Full gettext support. And then some. Poedit was built to handle translation using gettext (PO), which is used by many PHP projects (Drupal, WordPress), Python projects (Django), or virtually anything running on Linux. Lost in translation? Not with Poedit. With comprehensive safety checks, a minimal and intuitive interface and easy management of files and templates, Poedit lets you focus on what matters most: getting the work done. Teamwork. Simplified. Poedit’s built in support for cloud localization platforms makes collaboration a breeze. Access all your Crowdin or Localazy projects and translate directly from the app. I’ve just discovered @PoeditApp You guys just saved tons of my time. HUGE THANKS! Łukasz Pojezierski (@lpojez) Supercharge your workflow Pro Save time with accurate pre-translation and intelligent suggestions, powered by machine translation and shared translation memory from the community. Translate WordPress with ease Pro Whether local or remote, Poedit understands WordPress, its themes and plugins, and will help you translate them whether they are stored remotely, or locally on your drive. Find out more Over 66,000 people use Poedit every month to save time. “I thoroughly enjoy using Poedit, used it to translate +40K strings for WordPress and WordPress related projects so far.” Egill Erlendsson, Automattic “Poedit tool is awesome. It scans your code and tracks changes in translations. No one text editor can compete.” Konstantin Komelin, Web Developer “If you’re using codestyling localization STOP. Go buy Poedit Pro. If you’ve not got the pro version STOP. Go get it.” Richard Sweeney, The Shipyard Poedit is used by people working at Try Poedit now Improve your translation workflow Free Download Available for Poedit Community Open Source project Help translate Poedit Terms of Use & Privacy Poedit Features Poedit Pro WordPress Support Get help Download Retrieve lost key © 2023 Václav Slavík. All rights reserved.