The Leading Growth Acceleration Platform for the Mobile Industry. Solutions A single platform to serve your business needs, no matter your category. View Case Studies For Marketers For Agencies For DSPs For Publishers For Mobile Game Developers Products Everything you need for mobile growth. All Products Accelerate Acquire quality users at scale with machine learning Direct Access top-quality publishers to acquire engaged users Monetize Maximize your earnings for every impression Creative Studio Optimize campaign performance with better ad creatives Influence Activate meaningful growth with creator campaigns Gaming Intelligence Build and launch gaming experiences players want Vungle Exchange Engage high-quality users in their favorite mobile apps Resources Thought leadership from the global Liftoff community. All Resources Blog Case Studies Events Guides & Reports Podcasts Webinars Mobile Heroes Help Center FEATURED Liftoff's 2024 Mobile Ad Creative Index Company We help mobile businesses connect to their audiences. Learn About Us About Us Contact Us Careers Liftoff Gives Search for: English Log In Accelerate / Liftoff Monetize / Vungle Direct / Vungle Influence / JetFuel Gaming Intelligence / GameRefinery Get Started Solutions View Case Studies For Marketers For Agencies For DSPs For Publishers For Mobile Game Developers Products All Products Accelerate Direct Monetize Creative Studio Influence Gaming Intelligence Vungle Exchange Resources All Resources Blog Case Studies Events Guides & Reports Podcasts Webinars Mobile Heroes Help Center Company Learn About Us About Us Contact Us Careers Liftoff Gives Search Language Login Take your app tonew heights From improving user acquisition to earningmore long-term revenue, Liftoff helps mobilebusinesses grow. Get Started Transform your business for the better Choose your business type to see what our resources, leadership, and community can do for you. I’M A MARKETER Find new users with programmatic ads I’M AN APP PUBLISHER Find new ways to monetize your app I’M A DSP Increase access to quality inventory that delivers results I’M A MOBILE GAME DEVELOPER Build games your users will love I WORK FOR AN AGENCY Support your client’s campaign needs Accelerate acquires the best ROAS and LTV users for your app. Attract and engage quality users at scale with programmatic solutions that maximize growth, level up your creative strategy, and safeguard campaign performance. Learn More Direct gives you hands-on access to premium inventory. Discover and engage high-quality audiences directly through our extensive ad network of publishers with exclusive access to premium ad placements. Learn More Influence authentically connects you with Gen Z audiences. Tap into the creator economy with our leading influencer marketing platform. Learn More Creative Studio crafts ads that deliver high impact. Drive better results with winning ad creatives backed by rich data sets, industry expertise, and the latest creative technology. Learn More Monetize maximizes earnings for your app. Grow your revenue by matching global premium demand with a superior ad experience to your inventory, maximizing earnings for every impression. Learn More Intelligence empowers you to build better mobile games. Build better mobile games with intelligence from the #1 trusted mobile game intelligence tool. GameRefinery uses enriched data from over 100,000 mobile games to help you develop smarter, boost revenue, and stay competitive. Learn More Vungle Exchange increases and secures your programmatic reach. Get the programmatic reach needed to deliver premium ad experiences and engage high-quality users in their favorite mobile apps at exactly the right time. Learn More Skip PLayrix “The results of buying non-personalized traffic at scale with Liftoff are encouraging, giving us confidence in our continued investment in programmatic. With the release of iOS 14, our long-term partnership with Liftoff is more important than ever.” See Case Studies Badoo “At Badoo we look at the retention of users as one of the most important metrics for determining quality. Liftoff understands how to acquire these high quality users at scale.” See Case Studies Just Eat takeaway.com “Our goal was to improve our volume of new customers by keeping a stable performance. Together with Liftoff, we were able to achieve this. The Liftoff team has extensive industry knowledge and are always coming up with unique creative concepts. I would recommend Liftoff to other app marketers because they really understand the customer’s needs and go above and beyond to achieve the best performance and a long-lasting partnership.” See Case Studies 1 / 1 Resources See All 2024 Mobile Ad Creative Index 2024 Mobile GameDev Awards Liftoff Upgrades Vungle SDK With Open Measurement SDK Certification About US We create better experiences for mobile businesses and their users by building technologies that connect people with the products they love. Who We Are Leading brands use Liftoff to do more Ready for Liftoff? Getting started is easy. Let’s Do It Stay up to date with news and tips from our marketing experts. Solutions Marketers Agencies DSPs Publishers Mobile Gaming Products Accelerate Direct Monetize Creative Studio Influence Gaming Intelligence Vungle Exchange Resources Help Center Blog Case Studies Events Guides & Reports Podcasts Webinars Mobile Heroes Company About Us Careers Contact Us Log In Brand Guidelines Liftoff Gives Employment Verifiers Privacy Terms Opt-Out Digital Services Act Solutions Marketers Agencies DSPs Publishers Mobile Gaming Products Accelerate Direct Monetize Creative Studio Influence Gaming Intelligence Vungle Exchange Resources Help Center Blog Case Studies Events Guides & Reports Podcasts Webinars Mobile Heroes Company About Us Careers Contact Us Log In Brand Guidelines Liftoff Gives Employment Verifiers Privacy Terms Opt-Out Digital Services Act © 2024 Liftoff, Inc. This site uses cookies We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our Cookie Policy. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent