Duquesne University Privacy policy statement. Our privacy policy has recently been updated. Dismiss Privacy Policy Go to site searchGo to main navigationGo to main content Search Go Main Menu Academics Explore All Programs Office of the Provost Our Learning Approach Colleges & Schools Academic Advising & Support Academic Catalog Academic Calendar Study Abroad Admissions & Aid How to Apply Financial Aid & Scholarships Visit Us Request Info For Admitted Students Admissions Counselors Student Accounts Life at Duquesne Our Campus Housing & Dining Health, Recreation and Wellness Career Development Student Life Student Organizations & Activities Student Services Graduate Student Life International Student Life Research Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Faculty Research Centers & Institutes Social Impact Mission & Spiritan Values Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Volunteering Opportunities Community & Global Service About Fast Facts Leadership Policies & Initiatives Faculty & Staff Directory Departments & Offices Accreditation Contact Us Athletics Giving News & Stories Events Information For Parents & Families Current Students Admitted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni In this section You're enthusiastic about your future, we are too. We'll connect you with life-changing opportunities toRealize Your Bigger Goals Get ready for an education that's everything you need and more than you imagined. Let us show you how. Are You Ready to Start Your Journey? Apply Today 2023 Best Colleges in America Money Magazine lists Duquesne University among its best colleges for quality, affordability and student outcomes. Facts & Rankings Achieve your academic ambitions Majors & Programs Summer at Duquesne Take classes to get ahead, catch up or focus on a subject. Check out the special savings opportunities to take classes and live on campus this summer. Learn more Find Your Future At Duquesne, we feel fortunate to be entrusted with your gifts and your goals. Here you can discover what you're good at, and why that's good for the world. You have big plans, and we do, too: Explore your options to see where you can start. Explore All Programs Undergraduate Programs Find Your Major Graduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate Programs Advance Your Career Exactly what you need and more than you can imagine Over our 140+ year history as a Catholic University in the Spiritan tradition, we’ve developed a national reputation for academic excellence. Duquesne’s programs have won praise for innovation and continued high quality including accolades as a “first-tier university,” “top 100 undergraduate school,” and “Most Popular.” The DUQ Difference Go to the previous card. Go to the next card. Ten Schools of Study Whatever your academic ambitions, we have the breadth and depth to make the most of them. With our undergraduate majors and graduate programs, you'll find just the right fit for you. Discover your pathway 85+Undergraduate Majors You have a good sense of what you want to achieve. Our future-focused undergraduate majors lead to bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees, opening up a world of possibilities. Choose Your Major Vibrant, Lively Location Duquesne University is situated in the heart of Pittsburgh, a city of 90 diverse neighborhoods where everyone can be themselves. Repeatedly among the top most livable cities, just a few blocks from campus you'll find Fortune 500 companies, non-profit organizations and startups–for work–and three major league sports teams for play! Life at Duquesne 110Graduate Programs Discover the graduate and certificate programs that add depth, discipline and professionalism to your bigger goals. We'll make sure you gain the professional confidence, impressive experience, and powerful networks you need to take your career to the next level. Pick your Graduate Program Real-World Experience Our location will provide you with countless opportunities for real-world experience and career opportunities. You will gain practical experience through fieldwork, clinicals, research projects and internships. Experiential Learning 94%directly related A huge percentage of recent graduates report that their professional work now is directly related to the major they studied at Duquesne. Great outcomes University Events All University Events Spring Break No classes. Mar. 04, 2024 - Mar. 09, 2024 All Day More About This Event America's Troubled Foreign Policy: A Talk by Prof. John J. Mearsheimer All are invited to the Political Science Department’s inaugural New Perspectives on... Mar. 11, 2024 06:00 pm - 07:30 pm Student Union More About This Event Why the Holocaust Still Matters: An Evening with Michael Berenbaum Widely considered one of the world’s most distinguished scholars of the Holocaust and... Mar. 12, 2024 06:00 pm - 08:30 pm Power Center Ballroom More About This Event Duquesne - Pittsburgh Connection Community ServiceExperiential LearningResearchAlumni Network Community Service I volunteer because serving our neighbors is a way that I can give back to my community. " At Duquesne, caring about the community unites us. Service is at the core of our Spiritan legacy and one of the many ways we engage in the community right here in Pittsburgh and around the world. Pharmacy Student 10,000Students, faculty and staff volunteer because we believe service to others is important. Experiential Learning I wouldn’t be who am I if I hadn’t gone to Duquesne.” Community gardens and urban agriculture were part of her studies, but understanding the food deserts in Pittsburgh's neighborhoods provided the experiential learning opportunities that motivated Kelsey Coates’ to pursue Environmental Sciences. Kelsey Coates, S'21Environmental Science graduate with minors in math, chemistry and biology Research Duquesne’s R2 designation provides Duquesne student so many untapped opportunities allowing them to achieve their bigger goals through research.” A 2022 report ranks Pittsburgh in the Top 25 Life Sciences Research Talent Clusters in the U.S. Research at Duquesne begins with first-year students from Liberal Arts to the Sciences and everything in between. Jennifer Padden Elliott,Pharm. D. ‘07, Associate Professor of Medicine and Pharmacy Director, Center for Integrative Health, Fritzky Family Endowed Chair #3 in the Northeastof R2 institutions producing the most high-earning female alumni under 40 in the U.S. Alumni Network The alumni office is finding amazing ways for alumni to fit as volunteers in Pittsburgh and all over the country and internationally.” Duquesne alumni believe that equity and opportunity begin at home and are trusted University brand ambassadors who bring their heart for service to our surrounding communities and beyond. "Bluff in the Burgh" connects alumni to upcoming events in Pittsburgh. Ann Hohn, A'83 1/3Alumni report that the University's reputation or connections helped them land an internship or job. LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter 600 Forbes AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15282 (412) 396-6000 admissionsFREEDUQUESNE Academics Admission & Aid Life at Duquesne Research Social Impact About Parents & Families Current Students Accepted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Work at DU Diversity & Inclusion Title IX DORI Contact Campus Map Information For Parents & Families Current Students Accepted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Partners & Employers Copyright © 2023 Duquesne University. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Accessibility ©