Crowdfunder.co.uk | UK’s No.1 Fundraising & Crowdfunding platform Crowdfunder - where ideas happen Go to home page Explore +Extra Funding Stories About Start crowdfunding Sign in Guides Help Your home for the causes, communities, charities and people you care aboutOnline crowdfunding, fundraising and match fundingGet startedIs Crowdfunder right for you? Crowdfunding now Funding Win one of 20 pairs of Glastonbury Tickets Win one of 20 pairs of Glastonbury Tickets by entering Glastonbury Festival's Emergency... 87% raised 22 days left Funding March Prize Draw - Over £2,200 of prizes!! All funds will be put back into the women's centre to sustain and grow the services we offer. 113% raised 11 days left Funding WIN 4 x Hospitality Tickets I'm running this prize draw to raise money to deliver Ipswich Town Foundation's disability... 320% raised 14 hours left Funding Help Save Music at Bush Hall Bush Hall is a fully independent Grassroots music and events venue in grave danger of losing its... 45% raised 37 days left Funding Sensory and Soft Play centre for Tenterden We need your help in moving to a bigger premises on Tenterden High Street, so that we can... 13% raised 54 days left Funding Fierce Beer Goes Green! After almost eight years of expansion, we are now planning for long-term, stable & sustainable... 73% raised 23 days left Funding Urgent donations needed for 420 acre new woodland Avon Needs Trees is fundraising £100,000 to help buy the land and establish the biggest new... 91% raised 8 days left Funding Rubén Sellés Barmy Army - flag To highlight the great work of Rubén Sellés in the most trying of circumstances. 25% raised 26 days left Funding Alderholt Meadows Planning Appeal Funding To raise additional funds towards legal/expert representation at the Public Inquiry to oppose... 43% raised 8 days left Funding Big Fat Raffle for Palestine A whole rake of local Belfast businesses, artists and creators have rallied together for a Big... 915% raised 12 days left Funding Polytunnel, Please! Help us raise £6,000 to buy a polytunnel so we can transform our propagation system and take our... 90% raised 17 days left Funding Win our DJ Mag Award and raise money for charity Win our 1/1 DJ Mag award and raise money for our favourite grassroots rehabilitation centre -... 126% raised 23 days left Funding Tumble Accessible Fitness Gym Project To relocate our fitness suite, to make it more accessible, offer more to our users, and increase... 27% raised 48 days left Funding The Twe12th Man Podcast: Charity Prize Draw Fundraising for Middlesbrough Foodbank with 2 fantastic prizes! 43% raised 12 days left Funding A home again for Daud & Havabibi A tragic fire has destroyed their home. At 80 years old they have lost their one place of... 2% raised 25 days left Funding Another Fine Fest 2024 - Our 10th Anniversary! The world record breaking, free, multi-arts, family friendly festival is 10!! WE NEED YOUR... 47% raised 4 days left Funding Verdict Jazz: Preserving the Soul of Jazz Music Join us in preserving the vibrant legacy of jazz music at Verdict Jazz! 48% raised 12 days left Funding Supporting Cancer Patients from Gaza Supporting cancer patients (mainly children aged between 1.5-19 years old), evacuated from Gaza... 58% raised 43 days left Funding Help Reopen Geoff Campbell's Inquest Help us challenge the AG’s denial of a fresh inquest into the death of our beloved Geoff on... 35% raised 1 day left Funding Creating Urban Mammal Groups Establishing urban mammal groups in Cardiff, London and Glasgow to enable volunteers to take... 12% raised 40 days left Funding Jim's donations I have set up a donation fund for our Jim to help and support him and his family over the coming ... 84% raised 21 days left Funding Castle Beach Café needs Solar Panels! Help us raise money for solar panels to offset our massive electricity bills, reduce our carbon... 17% raised 24 days left Funding London National Park City Visitors Centre Help us reconnect every Londoner with nature and make our neighbourhoods greener, healthier and w... 30% raised 1 day left Funding InSoupNow: In Aid of Team HAVEN for WeeJohnWonday Raising funds in aid of Team HAVEN Belfast to support them in their work to feed unhoused neighbo... 15% raised 26 days left Load more Helping you raise more by giving you an extra boostThere's over £10million in +Extra funding available from a selection of national and regional partners to help support your charity or community project.Learn more about +Extra fundingStart a prize drawPrize draws are a great way to engage supporters, generate excitement and raise money on Crowdfunder.All you need is a great prize and an engaged audience to start raising funds for your great cause.About prize drawsCrowdfunder for CharitiesIf you're from a charity, learn how our features and services can supercharge your fundraising efforts.Join the crowd today and start your charity's fundraising journey on Crowdfunder.Charity fundraisingCrowdfunding for community share offersCommunities are stronger when they own the things that matter most to them. If you're looking to run a community share offer, Crowdfunder is the place to be.More about community sharesWe're with you every step of the wayCrowdfunder Knowledge HubThe go-to place for all the advice and guidance to help you make your project a success no matter what stage you're at.Take me to the Knowledge HubJoin our interactive sessionsOur team regularly host live and interactive sessions to share all the tips and know-how you need to be successful on Crowdfunder.Upcoming eventsThe Help CentreIf you're not sure where to start, our Help Centre will give you all of the information you need to see success with your crowdfunding project.Visit the Help Centre About Us Knowledge Hub +Extra Funding For Partners Accessibility Get Help Project & Reward Guidelines Fees Jobs Like us on Facebook (Opens in new window) Follow us on Twitter (Opens in new window) Follow us on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Follow us on Instagram (Opens in new window) Crowdfunder - where ideas happen Accessibility mode Toggle accessibility mode Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2011-2024 Crowdfunder LTD is registered in England and Wales no. 07831511. Modal title Close ×