CollegeGrad.com - Entry Level Jobs and Internships for College Students and Recent Graduates image/svg+xml Job Search Advice Careers Resumes Interviewing Login/Register #1 Entry Level Job Site What kind of job are you looking for? Where are you looking for a job? Find Jobs Advanced Entry Level Internship All Browse jobs by level, title, industry, location How to Make a Connection in the Interview Most practiced interviewers have a standard set of questions for each competency they are evaluating. Just as you might feel you have answered the same set of questions over and over again (sometimes even within the same day), the same thing happens … Read more What if You Don’t Know the Answer to an Interview Question? Are you ready for your interview? Are you sure? In my role as VP of Global Talent Acquisition at Amazon, I spent time training our interviewers to be great interviewers. In addition to teaching them the S-T-A-R behavioral interviewing approach , I … Read more Where to Get Your Behavioral Examples for the Interview In my last blog article , I talked about how to use the S-T-A-R (Situation or Task, Action you took, Results you achieved) method to answer any interview question, behavioral or not, with behavioral answers. The reality is that very few interviewers … Read more How to Be a STAR in the Interview In my role as VP of Global Talent Acquisition at Amazon, I took the time to personally train our Amazon interviewers on how to behaviorally interview candidates. The foundation of behavioral interviewing is based upon probability statistics that … Read more Expert job search advice Direct your job search with advice created for college students and recent grads, and specific to entry level jobs and internships. Get More Advice Careers Research the top careers to find the one that is right for you. Resumes Get assistance with developing the best entry level resume and cover letter. Interviewing Learn how to make the very best impression in your interviews. Salaries Find out how much you are worth, entry level or experienced. Book Read the best-selling entry level job search book online for free. Mobile App Install our mobile job search app, available for Android and iOS devices! Job Seekers: Post Your Resume Submit your resume so employers can find you Post Your Resume Employers: Post a Job Advertise your job openings so entry level candidates can find you Post a Job New Entry Level Job Openings Executive Assistant American Media Group Los Angeles, CA We are looking to bring on an Executive Assistant (EA) to help create a smooth, more manageable workflow for the AMG team. The goal for our Executive Assistant is to support AMG’s founder and team … More New Jobs How to Guides Step-by-step guides to help you move forward in your job search. How to Get an Entry Level Job How to Write a Resume Objective How to Write an Internship Resume How to Write an Entry Level Resume How to Interview Top Entry Level Employers Who is hiring in 2023? See the results of CollegeGrad's annual employer hiring survey. Find employers hiring entry level, internship, and master's level candidates. Employers: Post a Job Job Search Advice Careers Resumes Interviewing Guides CollegeGrad is the #1 entry level job site for college students and recent grads. Our vision is to help make the world a better and more productive place for all by helping college students and recent grads gain access to the jobs that will make the most of their education, training and experience. About Us Contact Us facebook.com/CollegeGrad twitter.com/TheCollegeGrad linkedin.com/company/CollegeGrad-llc © 2024 CollegeGrad LLC - All rights reserved. Privacy Policy