The Advocate | Baton Rouge, Louisiana Breaking New | The Advocate | Baton Rouge News, Sports and Entertainment Skip to main content Baton Rouge New Orleans Acadiana Shreveport-Bossier Gambit Log in Subscribe Log out Site search Search News Business Crime/Police Courts Community Education State Politics Traffic and Weather Sports LSU Saints High School Louisiana Outdoors Scott Rabalais Southern University Pelicans UL Ragin' Cajuns Sports Betting Sports Betting Entertainment Arts Books Curious Louisiana Faith Festivals Food and Restaurant Games Health and Fitness Home and Garden News Jan Risher Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Movies and TV Music Real Estate News Smiley Anders Travel Your Best Life Opinion James Gill Stephanie Grace Will Sutton Our Views Letters Walt Handelsman Clancy DuBos Ron Faucheux Ed Pratt Obits Classifieds Jobs Homes Virtual Home Tours Area 5 Neighborhood Tours Areas 4 & 6 Neighborhood Tours Areas 1, 2 & 10 Neighborhood Tours Area 9 Neighborhood Tours Public Notices Acts of the Legislature Election Results Election Results - December 1, 2023 Store E-Edition Newsletters Log out Log in Activate Subscribe My account Activate 66° E-Edition Newsletters News Business Crime/Police Courts Community Ascension Parish Baker East Feliciana Parish Livingston and Tangipahoa parishes Mid City Southeast Southside St. Francisville St. Helena Parish West Feliciana Parish Westside Zachary Education State Politics Elections Legislature Traffic and Weather Sports LSU Saints High School Louisiana Outdoors Scott Rabalais Southern University Pelicans UL Ragin' Cajuns Sports Betting Sports Betting Entertainment Arts Books Curious Louisiana Faith Festivals Food and Restaurant Games Health and Fitness Home and Garden News Jan Risher Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Movies and TV Music Real Estate News Smiley Anders Travel Your Best Life Opinion James Gill Stephanie Grace Will Sutton Our Views Letters Walt Handelsman Clancy DuBos Ron Faucheux Ed Pratt Obits Classifieds Jobs Homes Virtual Home Tours Area 5 Neighborhood Tours Areas 4 & 6 Neighborhood Tours Areas 1, 2 & 10 Neighborhood Tours Area 9 Neighborhood Tours Public Notices Acts of the Legislature Election Results Election Results - December 1, 2023 Store As he was about to die, he said who shot him, family says. Will a Baton Rouge jury believe it? Moments after bullets were fired into his car as he sat parked outside a downtown Baton Rouge apartment building, Clarence Augustus pulled up to his mother and sister. These stinging insects will soon invade Louisiana. Will they multiply in number this year? Louisiana wants to expand tutoring without breaking the bank. Can AI help? Former Walgreens at Staring and Perkins sold for $2.8 million; restaurant planned for site Life after Jayden Daniels: How LSU's run game will be the 'biggest difference' on offense Over the last two years, LSU molded its offense around Jayden Daniels. With lawns springing to life, it's time to tackle weeds, but wait on using fertilizer As spring approaches in Louisiana, it's time to shift our focus from the quiet dormancy of winter lawns to the vibrant growth season ahead. SIGN UP reCAPTCHA | Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply The Latest Will Sutton: What to make of Justice Amy Coney Barrett's 'message' on Trump case? 20 mins ago These stinging insects will soon invade Louisiana. Will they multiply in number this year? 2 hrs ago With lawns springing to life, it's time to tackle weeds, but wait on using fertilizer 2 hrs ago Life after Jayden Daniels: How LSU's run game will be the 'biggest difference' on offense 3 hrs ago Advocate | Times-Picayune sports department earns six national Top 10 awards at APSE contest 3 hrs ago From marine robot math to nuclear astronomy: LSU names 6 research 'rainmakers' 4 hrs ago Huge, stalled Mississippi River diversion won't affect Plaquemines flood insurance: FEMA 4 hrs ago As he was about to die, he said who shot him, family says. Will a Baton Rouge jury believe it? 4 hrs ago Louisiana wants to expand tutoring without breaking the bank. Can AI help? 4 hrs ago Scott Rabalais: LSU women's team looks formidable but fragile heading into postseason 14 hrs ago Don't Miss This Business Former Walgreens at Staring and Perkins sold for $2.8 million; restaurant planned for site The former Walgreens at the corner of Staring Lane and Perkins Road has been sold for $2.8 m… Business The Louisiana trucking industry needs workers. A new Baton Rouge museum hopes to help. A trucking industry group has purchased two downtown buildings for $1.2 million and plans to… Crime/Police As Louisiana execution methods expand, will electric chair Gruesome Gertie return to action? Louisiana's notorious electric chair sits in a prison museum as Gov. Landry weighs bill to a… Business Could Louisiana be the 'Silicon Valley' of green energy? Huge LSU-led grant pushes for it. In 1901, the twin oil discoveries of the historic Spindletop well in Beaumont, Texas, and L… Business A crab trap rodeo on Lake Maurepas: How Louisiana fights 'ghost fishing' of prized blue crabs Reaching out of the boat with a long metal hook, marine biologist Parker White snagged the s… News Alabama IVF pause sparks concern for Louisiana patients, fertility clinics The phones at Audubon Fertility in New Orleans started ringing more than usual last Thursday. Sports Life after Jayden Daniels: How LSU's run game will be the 'biggest difference' on offense Over the last two years, LSU molded its offense around Jayden Daniels. Rod Walker: Herb Jones' case for NBA All-Defensive team obvious, even if he won't say it Herb Jones shut the question down before it even got all the way out of my mouth, much like he so often shuts down some helpless opponent before they can finish a basket. Advocate | Times-Picayune sports department earns six national Top 10 awards at APSE contest Competing among the largest sports departments in the U.S., the staff of The Advocate and Times-Picayune landed six Associated Press Sports Editors nationwide Top 10 awards for its work in 2023, as judged by a national panel of sports editors and writers. High school bowling season is winding down. Here is a look at where teams stand. After slow first half, Southern men roll past Florida A&M Check out scores, pairings from the state boys hoops tourney Blueprint established by legendary coach guides Donaldsonville in semifinal round Three fifth-year seniors carry Southern women in their last game on home floor It came down to the final seconds for Dunham, University: See how it played out Special Reports Rebuilding the Saints: The biggest questions facing the team Our Saints coverage team breaks down the biggest questions facing the Saints this offseason, in a daily series. Disaster After Disaster Disaster After Disaster: The failings of storm recovery Special report: Suffering So Young in Louisiana Suffering So Young: A child welfare system in crisis Louisiana 2050: Explore the perilous future of our coast with maps and data Louisiana may be the state most at risk from climate change, and the year 2050 could prove t… Entertainment These stinging insects will soon invade Louisiana. Will they multiply in number this year? Warm air, blooming flowers and the smell of seafood boils are the tell tale signs of springtime in Louisiana. But another spring staple is getting ready to show its face around town, and unfortunately, it stings. With lawns springing to life, it's time to tackle weeds, but wait on using fertilizer As spring approaches in Louisiana, it's time to shift our focus from the quiet dormancy of winter lawns to the vibrant growth season ahead. Smiley: Keep your home safe from moose Sometimes I forget how long I've been doing this column. Tim Palmer, of Lafayette, reminds me with this note: Here's how, where to watch Kelsey Anderson's 'Bachelor' hometown date in New Orleans Photos, video: Walking through Southern University's 'Five x Five' exhibit Three men cited for taking thousands of oysters from polluted waters in Terrebonne Parish Get rid of dated decor pieces, but hold on to the memories behind them Grilled sheepshead, risotto, piquillo peppers, shrimp po-boy +: Best things we ate this week A New Orleans Saints player is exposed as a big fan of Netflix hit 'Love is Blind' Opinions Will Sutton: What to make of Justice Amy Coney Barrett's 'message' on Trump case? Consider U.S. Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett a central figure with keeping former President Donald Trump on the Colorado ballot just in time for Super Tuesday. Editorial: World -- and his constituents at Barksdale -- await Mike Johnson's next move on Ukraine There were reports over the weekend that U.S. House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-Benton, is leaving the door open to providing military support to our besieged ally, Ukraine. Letters: New Orleans needs the River District In my opinion, the best opportunity that has come across New Orleans’ horizon since Hurricane Katrina is the development of the River District. Letters: Crime session was about more than crime Letters: What really works to curb crime Letters: BESE standards for early learning should acknowledge words matter In Focus: What matters in education Walt Handelsman: Colorado ruling Letters: James Gill fondly remembered, even by one who felt his sting Most Popular Former Walgreens at Staring and Perkins sold for $2.8 million; restaurant planned for site Scott Rabalais: LSU women's team looks formidable but fragile heading into postseason The No. 4 LSU softball team can claim one thing no other program can right now Could Louisiana be the 'Silicon Valley' of green energy? Huge LSU-led grant pushes for it. As he was about to die, he said who shot him, family says. Will a Baton Rouge jury believe it? LSU basketball coach Matt McMahon has suspended one of his star players Baton Rouge police identify woman found shot to death Sunday along Florida Boulevard A crab trap rodeo on Lake Maurepas: How Louisiana fights 'ghost fishing' of prized blue crabs LSU's Kim Mulkey shares her thoughts on the Caitlin Clark, Pete Maravich comparisons Ian McNulty: Chef John Folse holds a boucherie for the ages, and for the next generation PHOTOS +30 Photos: Southern Men defeat FAMU 58-44 on Senior Night +46 Photos: Lady Jaguars defeat FAMU 67-61 on Senior Night +24 Photos, video: Walking through Southern University's 'Five x Five' exhibit +5 Photos: Parkway Defeats Denham Springs in the District I Non Select Finals +5 Photos: Lafayette Christian Claims Division II Select Crown Over Madison Prep +26 Photos: New Orleans Pelicans throttle Indiana Pacers at Smoothie King Center +5 Photo: Parkview Baptist Muscles Past U-High For Division III Select State Title Curious Louisiana How did Bayou Teche get its name? It's a long and winding tale. People often take the names of rivers and bayous for granted but some of them — Bayou Teche,… What's the history of New Orleans' grand Roosevelt Hotel? Curious Louisiana has the story. When Vicki Oster was growing up in New Orleans, the Roosevelt Hotel’s elegant Blue Room was … Louisianan's most burning questions (and their answers) about the state in 2022 Louisiana has plenty of quirks and weird history. So when we asked you about the things you'… Spotlight 2024 The Acadiana Advocate Mardi Gras Section Higher Education - 2023 Baton Rouge Magnet High 2023 Your Best Life - 2023 Spring Travel Guide - 2023 In Loving Memory: October - December 2023 Sections Home News Opinion Sports Entertainment/Life Weather/Traffic Newsletters Games Services Classifieds Search Subscribe Digital Advertising Help/Contact Us RSS Feeds Media Kit eEdition Careers Teacher's Link Ink Settings Reviewing the Record Our Sites Obituaries Celebrations Jobs Classifieds Homes Store Archives Contact Us News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com Need help? Report a delivery issue Create a temporary stop Sign up for recurring payments Pay your bill Update your billing info × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The Advocate 10705 Rieger Rd., Baton Rouge, LA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy