ScummVM :: Home Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion Virtual Machine What Is ScummVM? ScummVM is a program which allows you to run certain classic graphical adventure and role-playing games, provided you already have their data files. The clever part about this: ScummVM just replaces the executables shipped with the games, allowing you to play them on systems for which they were never designed! ScummVM is a complete rewrite of these games' executables and is not an emulator. ScummVM supports an extensive library of over 325 adventure games, including classic titles from iconic studios such as LucasArts, Sierra On-Line, Revolution Software, Cyan, Inc. and Westwood Studios. Alongside groundbreaking games like the Monkey Island series, Broken Sword, Myst, Blade Runner and numerous well-known titles, you can experience truly obscure adventures and discover hidden gems. You can find a full list with details on which games are supported and how well on the compatibility page. ScummVM is continually improving, so check back often. Among the systems on which you can play those games are Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS, Android, PS Vita, Switch, Dreamcast, AmigaOS, Atari/FreeMiNT, RISC OS, Haiku, PSP, PS3, Maemo, GCW Zero and many more... Our forum and Discord Server, are open for comments and suggestions. Please read our FAQ before posting. You may support the project by expressing your excitement in the form of a donation via PayPal although we value code contributions considerably more. Kathy Rain (Windows/English) Latest Developments Jan 14, 2024: Lets Do the Time Warp Again, Or Burger Chow Awaits Posted by DreamMaster A poor test subject is doomed to repeat an hour over and over again. Trying desperately to prove his species worth as something better than merely meat to be ground into intergalactic fast food burgers. The ScummVM Team is pleased to announce full support for Orion Burger, the classic game by Sanctuary Woods. The engine also adds a few niceties that the original didn't have, such as mouse wheel handling, and using the spacebar to skip walk animations - something the original didn't do properly. Help us test the game by grabbing a daily build. Read through our testing guidelines. The game's logic was all hardcoded, so we really need people to try all sorts of weird actions, and make sure the game handles everything correctly and matches the original implementation. And please take some screenshots along the way. Now, luck be with you. And remember, with the aliens cheating on the tests they set up for you, this will be no easy task. Dec 30, 2023: ScummVM 2.8.0: Mysteries, Mammoths, and Muppets Posted by sev We are proud to announce the last release of the year 2023. Please welcome ScummVM 2.8.0 – “Mysteries, Mammoths, and Muppets”. New games The team was quite busy working on new engines and enhancing existing ones. The list of supported games grew noticeably, and we now support these additions: Adibou 1 Classical Cats The Dark Eye Dark Side Escape From Hell Gadget: Invention Travel and Adventure Gobliiins 5 The Excavation of Hob's Barrow Kingdom: The Far Reaches Might and Magic Book One Muppet Treasure Island Nancy Drew: The Final Scene Nancy Drew: Message in a Haunted Mansion Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill Nancy Drew: Stay Tuned for Danger Nancy Drew: Treasure in the Royal Tower Primordia Reah: Face the Unknown Schizm: Mysterious Journey Shardlight Strangeland Syberia and Syberia II (macOS versions only) Technobabylon The Vampire Diaries Whispers of a Machine Wrath of the Gods and four other Director titles. 14 AGS titles by Stranga and Cloak and Dagger All together, we’ve introduced 50 new games and five new engines. New platforms We are happy to see the RetroArch port being properly rewritten, and the port is now part of our source code. The Atari port has also been redone from scratch and now talks natively to the hardware, skipping SDL as an intermediate layer. That made many more games playable on the platform. The Atari FireBee port is still using the SDL library, though. Speed-optimized graphics Thanks to the work of one of the GSoC participants this year, Wyatt Radkiewicz (a.k.a. eklipsed), we now use CPU-specific SIMD instructions such as SSE, AVX2, and NEON for drawing graphics in the AGS engine and in some generic routines. This led to 4-14x speedup in drawing for many cases. Networking games This year, we merged with the Backyard Sports Online project, which made it possible to play Backyard Football, Backyard Baseball 2001 and Backyard Football 2002 over the internet with other humans. Also, the Moonbase Commander support is in active playtesting mode, though not yet ready for prime time. Notable engine enhancements The AGS engine has been brought up to version 3.6.0.53 from upstream. For many engines, we added support for numerous Chinese and Japanese game variants. Believe it or not, we implemented a lot of native GUI dialogs for SCUMM games, bringing them closer to the original experience. We also rewrote the sound code for the SCUMM Humongous Entertainment games, making them flawless. We performed a deep review of the Broken Sword 1 game engine, implementing some small, previously unnoticed things like scene transitions, in-game menu peculiarities, accurate fonts, idle animations, and more. Now, the game is absolutely faithful to the original. The full Release Notes contain a comprehensive summary of the changes and enhancements; it is about 3 pages long with this release. On our downloads page, you can find the downloads for various platforms. If you are using Windows, macOS, or either the Ubuntu Snap or Flatpack packages, the autoupdater will assist you in updating to ScummVM 2.8.0. Android port will follow up very shortly, as we are currently in the Open Beta phase. Play the games, and enjoy ScummVM! Ah, one more thing… ScummVM is coming to the Apple App Store for iPhones and iPads. Please leave us with good reviews and report any problems on our Discord server, which includes an iOS support channel. Dec 14, 2023: End of year Director roundup Posted by moralrecordings The end of the year is almost upon us, along with a new release of ScummVM. So here's a quick update for one of the more ambitious sub-projects that has been percolating along in the background: Macromedia Director support! For those who aren't aware, Macromedia Director was a popular framework used for thousands of games, educational titles, catalogues, art pieces, and other multimedia works. New Games For Testing First off, the upcoming 2.8.0 release will have some new supported games, and we need your help testing them! Alice: An Interactive Museum Ape Odyssey Classical Cats Gadget: Invention, Travel and Adventure The Cute Machine The Dark Eye Wrath of the Gods You will need the data files from the games' original install media, and a daily build of ScummVM. For Macintosh editions, you will need to run the disc images through Dumper Companion in order to extract a complete copy of the files. In the case of The Dark Eye, you will also need the files created by the installer. As always, if you run into issues, please let us know on the issue tracker. If your favorite isn't in the supported list, don't despair! ScummVM can open Director titles from 1995 and earlier, so grab the latest daily build and give it a try. Titles released after 1995 tend to use Director versions that aren't supported yet. If you get stuck, reach out on the issue tracker and we can try and help. If you've encountered a Director title that isn't recognized by ScummVM, that's great! Please let us know on the issue tracker so the title can be added to the detection list. Engine versions As of the time of writing, ScummVM can detect 1595 different titles based on Director, with the following counts by Director version: D0 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 D10 D11 12 1 14 288 602 262 194 97 138 31 36 4 ScummVM 2.8.0 will be the first release to include preliminary support for the D5 version of Director! A lot of work has gone into overhauling the codebase to support multiple cast libraries, however there is still plenty of work to be done adding Lingo functions and Xtras. Adding support for a new Director version is a tricky process. First we need to check for any changes to the movie file format, then add in any new engine and Lingo features, and finally start working through issues in a bunch of candidate games. Because of the difficulty of keeping track of facts vs. assumptions, we only enable features for an engine version once they have been confirmed with testing. This is why D6 and higher games will not open at all, even if the code we have would somewhat work. Support for the D2, D3 and D4 versions of Director has steadily improved. We are building up a suite of unit tests, both for Lingo and for the various drawing modes in the renderer. Most of the remaining bugs are related to undefined or incidental behavior: consider how two types in Lingo are compared, or the precise order that events are processed in, or how functions respond when you pass them nonsense data? All of these things are relied upon by thousands of Director products! And ScummVM must support all of them as closely as possible. XLibs Macromedia provided a C API with Director, which proved to be very popular for adding new engine features. There are hundreds of XObject and Xtra libraries in circulation, and each has to be reverse engineered and added as code to ScummVM. As of the time of writing, we have added support for 63 of these libraries. A common use case is video; Director includes the ability to play back QuickTime videos as a sprite, but computers of the day would struggle with the added overhead of Director's renderer if the video resolution was larger than a postage stamp. To work around this, several XLibs exist to play back video as an accelerated overlay. Quite a few D3 and D4 titles are missing video playback due to this type of XLib, and we plan on creating a common method of supporting these. The good news is that most uncommon XLibs did only one or two things, and are pretty easy to add initial support for. Part of the XLib format is a list of docstrings explaining each of the functions; there is a script in /devtools which can turn these docstrings into stubbed C++ code, saving a lot of hassle. That's about it! We have some very dedicated volunteers scouring every corner of the globe for obscure Director titles and testing them; if that sounds like your bag, you can visit them in the #engine-director channel of the ScummVM Discord. Until next time! Dec 6, 2023: GOG.com Affiliation Links for ScummVM are no longer supported Posted by The ScummVM Team For many years, the GOG.com affiliate program has been a great way to support the project. By using our affiliate links to buy your favorite games, you granted us a small commission from GOG.com – without having to spend more than the original price. Earlier this year, GOG.com announced the discontinuation of its old affiliate program. Instead of using a simple referral link, they are now using two external affiliation networks that contain cross-site tracking, as considered by many ad blockers. Since we have been affiliated with GOG.com since 2009, we were able to use the legacy referral links for a couple of months after they initially discontinued them. Unfortunately, our affiliate links were put to rest effective November 22nd, 2023. Since we don't feel comfortable that you would have to use external affiliation networks just to support the project, and because tracking users is against our project policies, we decided not to join the new program. We still value GOG.com as an excellent source for legally purchasing games supported by ScummVM. Even though we are not affiliated with them anymore, we'll continue to support their releases, e.g. by adding and updating the game data files' signatures for the ScummVM supported games that are available for purchase from GOG.com in our detection database and providing links to their releases in our list of available games. Thank you GOG.com and everybody who used our affiliate link for your support over the last 14 years! Nov 10, 2023: The teenage detective returns! Posted by fracturehill Put your sleuthing caps on, detectives—it’s time to solve some mysteries! We are proud to announce that a whole batch of HeR Interactive’s Nancy Drew games are now ready for public testing: In Nancy Drew: Stay Tuned for Danger, a soap opera star needs your help in uncovering who is behind a series of death threats that sound a little too real for comfort. Nancy Drew: Message in a Haunted Mansion has you helping out with repairs in a Victorian mansion. However, a series of strange accidents, plus some murmurings of a ghost haunting, quickly threaten to turn this renovation into an investigation. In Nancy Drew: Treasure in the Royal Tower a failed ski vacation at an eccentric castle with even more eccentric inhabitants soon turns into a quest to uncover a lost piece of the history of the French Revolution. And if you’re looking for something more thrilling, in Nancy Drew: The Final Scene, you will find yourself racing against the clock to find your kidnapped friend, while also saving a historical theater with more than a fair share of secrets from demolition. The games are available for purchase through HeR Interactive’s website or Steam (Stay Tuned for Danger is not available on Steam, however). Or if you already own a CD copy of the games, their English and Russian variants will also work. To play them with ScummVM, you will need a daily development build. As always, if you encounter any issues, please submit a bug report to our issue tracker. Atom | RSS More News... Main Menu Home Screenshots Forums Downloads Freeware Games & Addons Demos Director Demos ScummVM Blogs Documentation F.A.Q. Documentation Compatibility Wiki Development Developer Central Bug Tracker Translations Daily Builds GitHub Buildbot API Reference Misc. Menu Sponsors Press Coverage Contact Links Credits Language català Deutsch Ελληνικά español suomi français עברית italiano ქართული português (Brasil) português (Portugal) русский Theme SCUMM Residual Retro LucasArts, Monkey Island, Maniac Mansion, Full Throttle, The Dig, LOOM, and probably lots of other things are registered trademarks of LucasArts, Inc.. Raspberry Pi is a trademark of Raspberry Pi Trading. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are owned by their respective companies. ScummVM is not affiliated in any way with LucasArts, Inc.