Home | Ad Fontes Media Skip to content About About Us Our Team Press News About Us Our Team Press News Media Bias Chart® Interactive Media Bias Chart Static Chart Methodology Source Pages Interactive Chart Interactive Chart Static Chart Methodology Source Pages Products & Services Advertisers Publishers Educators Individuals Businesses Schools Individuals Advertisers Publishers Educators Individuals Resources Research Academic Citations Topic of the Week Blog Research Academic Citations Topic of the Week Blog Shop Posters Mugs Other merch Posters Mugs Other Merch X About About Us Our Team Press News Media Bias Chart® Interactive Media Bias Chart Static Chart Methodology Source Pages Products & Services Advertisers Publishers Educators Individuals Resources Research Academic Citations Topic of the Week Blog Shop Posters Mugs Other merch Menu About About Us Our Team Press News Media Bias Chart® Interactive Media Bias Chart Static Chart Methodology Source Pages Products & Services Advertisers Publishers Educators Individuals Resources Research Academic Citations Topic of the Week Blog Shop Posters Mugs Other merch Login Upgrade $0.00 0 Cart Know the Reliability and Bias of the News Home of the Media Bias Chart® Actionable data for advertisers, publishers, and tech platforms Media literacy tools for educators and individuals Go to Interactive Media Bias Chart Subscribe to our Newsletter Navigate the News Landscape with Confidence In a biased and misleading news landscape, it’s essential to know where your information is coming from. That’s why we founded Ad Fontes Media: to help you navigate and know your news sources — in one place. Our analysts come from a wide political spectrum and follow a careful, robust methodology to rate the news. Whether you’re a business, individual consumer, educator, or running a social media platform, you can use Ad Fontes Media to make better decisions. Learn More Our Enterprise Customers and Partners We work with some of the most influential companies in the information ecosystem. Meet our partners. Our Community Members of our community, whom we affectionately call “News Nerds,” play a critical role in supporting our work and making sure it has an impact in the world. When you become an annual News Nerd member for $99, you get a merchandise pack with a Media Bias Chart wall poster and a coffee mug, in addition to several other benefits, including: -Premium access to our Interactive Media Bias Chart-Special community events and content-Discounts on additional merchandise Join us! Differentiate news sources to make the best decisions Ad Fontes Media helps businesses, consumers, educators, and platforms navigate today’s complex and dynamic news landscape. We provide data, tools, and educational resources for all stakeholders in quality news media. Explore all Services Brands, Agencies, and Platforms Improve and maintain your brand safety and customer trust by making smart news choices. Learn More News Consumers Consume with a critical eye. Never share a link to a questionable source with anyone. Learn More Educators, Researchers, and Institutions Show your students the complex media landscape in one simple chart. Enhance your media literacy curriculums. Learn More Publishers Know who’s who in the media landscape today. Protect your reputation tomorrow. Learn More We Rate the News for Reliability and Bias to Help You Keep Track of the Media Landscape Find the best information sources. Invest in responsible journalism. Make the news media industry healthier in the long run. Learn about our Data Platform Where do Your Favorite Sources Fall? With Ad Fontes Media, you can see the reliability and bias of new sources. Static chart Interactive chart Want us to rate an article or episode? Do you wonder about the legitimacy of a particular article you’re using for research? Did someone share an article or podcast with you, and you want to know if it’s legit? Submit a link to the particular article or podcast/TV episode below, and let our analyst team take a look!This benefit is limited to ONE free article/episode per person. Want to submit more articles or episodes? Sign up for an educator or News Nerd membership! Submit an article or episode to be rated Ad Fontes Media, Inc., is a public benefit corporation founded in 2018. The mission of Ad Fontes Media is to rate all the news to positively transform society. Quick Links Home About Us Contact Us Become an Analyst Speaking Engagements Media Bias Chart Interactive Static Methodology Rated Contact Us info@adfontesmedia.com education@adfontesmedia.com +1 720-288-0412 Facebook-f Twitter Layer Linkedin-in Youtube Pinterest SUBSCRIBE to our newsletter Sign Up For Updates! Copyright © 2023 Ad Fontes Media, Inc | All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Join over 40,000 others and stay informed about updates to the Media Bias Chart (and more) by subscribing to our newsletter! Email: Scroll to top Scroll to top