Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Skip to content Crisis Text Line |The CrisisText Line Logo Get Help Reach a Crisis Counselor Anxiety Depression Eating Disorders Emotional Abuse Gun Violence Loneliness Suicide Self-Harm UK: Text 85258Opens in a new window CA: Text 686868Opens in a new window Ireland: 50808Opens in a new window Volunteer Volunteer at Crisis Text Line Spanish Bilingual Opportunities Campus Advocates Student Learning Practicum program Learn About Us Blog Resources Research & Impact Equity Where We Are Share Community Resilience Report A Decade Of Impact Finals Week Stress Mental Health School Supplies United In Empathy Report Youth Resilience Summary Report 2022 Mental Health Awareness Month Donate Ways to Give Partnerships En Español Search Site Menu Close Menu In a crisis? Text HOME to 741741 to connect with a volunteer Crisis Counselor Free 24/7 support at your fingertips. Text Us Chat With Us WhatsApp For international support, click here Text Us Chat With Us WhatsApp An example exchange between a texter and a Crisis Counselor. Crisis Counselor: It’s understandable to feel that way when it’s so hard to see past your depression. Would you be interested in coming up with ways to manage the racing bothersome thoughts? Caller: It really helps to talk about it, and I guess just figure out how to stop thinking so negatively. Crisis Counselor: It sounds like you've been carrying your depression for a while, I imagine it's heavy. Caller: Well my anxiety and depression has ruined a lot of friendships and relationships. I feel like I always end up alone and it's scary. Crisis Counselor: Hey there. It looks like you're going through a rough patch tonight. Can you tell me a bit about why you’re texting Crisis Text Line? I'm here to listen and help as best I can. Caller: I just need someone to talk to. How It Works Text HOME to 741741 from anywhere in the United States, anytime. Crisis Text Line is here for any crisis. A live, trained Crisis Counselor receives the text and responds, all from our secure online platform. The volunteer Crisis Counselor will help you move from a hot moment to a cool moment. Read More Get Help Today Gun Violence Gun Violence Gun violence is a public health crisis that threatens the physical and mental health of our communities. If you’re struggling to find ways to cope, you’re not alone. More Anxiety Anxiety Here’s everything you need to know about moving from totally overwhelmed, to a cool, calm “I’ve got this.” You can get through anxiety. More Eating Disorders Eating Disorders Eating disorders are physical and mental illnesses that cause people to severely alter their eating behaviors and related thoughts and emotions. More Depression Depression Depression is no regular grade bad day. It’s an ongoing, incapacitating heaviness that lasts for hours, days, weeks, or even years. You are not alone. We’re here to support you. More Suicide Suicide Suicide is a leading cause of death. It’s also preventable. In U.S. alone, we have the ability to save nearly 45,000 lives every year. More Self-Harm Self-Harm We all need healthy ways to cope with the hard stuff. We’re here to help you find a healthy alternative to self-harm. More How You Can Help Get involved and help people in crisis get free, 24/7 support at their fingertips. Donate Help Us Help Texters Share Share Our Number Volunteer Become a Trained Crisis Counselor In a crisis? Text HOME to 741741 to connect with a volunteer Crisis Counselor Free 24/7 support at your fingertips. Text Us Text Us Data insights, news, and more straight to your inbox. Email Address Thanks for signing up! Get Help US: Text 741741 CA: Text 686868 UK: Text 85258 Ireland: 50808 Data & Impact Digital Rights Data Philosophy Trends Research & Impact Support Our Work Donate Volunteer Join Our Staff Partnerships Store Student Learning Practicum program Spread the Word Issue Briefs About Us Meet Our Team Where We Are FAQ Press Blog Testimonials Feedback Financials Donor Confidentiality Social Media Community Guidelines SocialLink to facebookLink to twitterLink to instagramLink to linkedinLink to tiktok © Crisis Text Line 2013–2024 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Reach a Crisis Counselor × A modal dialog containing textual content.. (Press escape to close) In crisis and need to talk to someone? We’re here for you. Text HOME to 741741 to reach a volunteer Crisis Counselor. Message frequency varies. Message & data rates may apply. Terms of Service & Privacy Policy. Text Us Chat With Us Message On WhatsApp Mobile Menu Overlay En Español Get Help Volunteer Learn Share Donate Community Resilience Report Self-Care Student Planner Mental Health School Supplies United In Empathy Report Search