Super Tech University – The Tech Whisperer can change your blue collar business with a soft skill lesson delivered daily. Coaching Free Download: SWOT Analysis Workbook Contact Blog Menu Coaching Free Download: SWOT Analysis Workbook Contact Blog Member Login Homepage – 7 June Transform Your Home Service Business Development For Every Position GET STARTED NOW *100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE TECHNICIAN PROBLEMS? FREE course to improve your team! Name(Required) Email(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. WHAT IS SUPERTECH UNIVERSITY? Super Tech University is the go-to video training system for home service businesses. With 3-5 minute powerful video training lessons for business development reps, CSRs, estimators/comfort advisors, technicians, service managers, and the executive team, our training has transformed hundreds of businesses around the globe and it can transform yours, too. Play Video SUBSCRIBE NOW WHAT IS THE SUPER PROFIT SYSTEM? The Super Profit System is designed to get all the cogs in your company to work in unison, creating a perfectly smooth system designed to maximize profit and minimize stress. It all starts with training Business Development reps to get the phone ringing, training your CSR's to turn those phone calls into in-home opportunities. Then your Estimators will close in home sales, creating more jobs for your company. Finally, your highly trained Technicians will wow your clients with 5 Star service and your Service Managers will hold everything together and get you paid. So join the hundreds of home services companies using the Super Profit System for all their training needs to create the dream business you have always desired. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REP Our training teaches the structure and strategy every Biz Dev rep needs to be successful at getting the phone to ring. Sample Video CSR / RECEPTIONIST Our CSR training teaches how to turn every phone call into an opportunity and how to wow your clients and potential clients with amazing phone skills. Sample Video ESTIMATOR When the estimator reaches the front door they need to wow and gain the trust of the client to sign on the dotted line. Our videos train estimators how to close more deals. Sample Video TECHNICIAN Daily videos for job site behavior, communication skills, and add-ons sales training will create a 5 Star service experience from your techs to propel your business. Sample Video SERVICE MANAGER Many service mangers were thrown into the position because they were great techs. These lessons are designed to create amazing leaders and managers of your team. Sample Video ON DEMAND TRAINING Super Tech University’s on demand training videos will allow you to grow your team every day without sending them away to school or having long training sessions. We purposely keep the video training series to a 3-5 minute video for most positions to be able to “drip” information on your team on a daily basis in bite sized, easy to implement lessons so you can train your team but still go out and make money with a full day of work. Lessons can be emailed or texted to every team member daily, so there is no excuse to miss a lesson and you don’t lose production time. MOST POPULAR Economy $247 per month SUBSCRIBE NOW Purchase Annual Plan RESULTS What to expect: Fewer Technician Screw Ups Fewer Customer Complaints More Online Reviews Standard $447 per month SUBSCRIBE NOW Purchase Annual Plan RESULTS What to Expect: Fewer Technician Screw Ups Fewer Customer Complaints More Online Reviews Increased Add-On Sales Enjoy Going To Work Again Less Frustration From Your Team Premium $697 per month SUBSCRIBE NOW Purchase Annual Plan RESULTS What to Expect: Fewer Technician Screw Ups Fewer Customer Complaints More Online Reviews Increased Add-On Sales Enjoy Going To Work Again Less Frustration From Your Team More Referrals From Clients More Repeat Business Having A Productive Team Personal Development Job Site Behavior DISC Training Sales & Service CSR/Receptionist Service Manager Leadership Weekly Recap Business Development Rep Estimator/In-Home Sales Owner/Executive Team Economy $247 per month Subscribe Now STANDARD $447 per month Subscribe Now PREMIUM $697 per month Subscribe Now DON’T TAKE IT FROM US Play Video “The fact is that 70 percent of American workers are disengaged. This will not only engage them but will help them to stay with you longer, you'll have fewer problems out there in the field, fewer problems in the office, and it's just a win-win-win.” Howard Partridge International Business Coach and Best-Selling Author Kevin Bunce Allklean “I just don’t know how you can grow a service-based company and not have people that are good with people to represent you.” Chris Longo Longo Carpet Cleaning and Restoration “I can tell you this, the best thing I ever did for my company is to have morning meetings.” Levi Gain Doug's Carpet and Upholstery Care “We have been using this for about 3 years and we have seen great improvement.” Ryan Strickland 911 Restoration "My intention was to have a united team and by doing this, it has created a community, and understanding of each other because they are seeing there is an investment in them." Jim McDonough Veterans Cleaning Solutions “You guys are my hired guns. You get to come into my organization and help explain the things that I have said over and over and over.” Chris Lombardo No Moss Exterior Cleaning “They integrate the DISC system so that the tech knows how to talk to people and that is fantastic.” Paul Craig Spotless Emergency Water Removal and Floor Care “Every morning we have a roughly 5-7 minute lesson and the guys have really learned a lot from that; from in-home behavior to understanding DISC. It has helped the team a lot." Mark CPL "you don't realize how important it is until you start hearing it over and over again, then it actually starts to click and make sense." Glen & Sandy "You could see that people were really coming in with ther uniforms neat and their trucks were cleaner, and they were holding themselves more as a professional." Travis Elite Restoration "It's great for the technicians, it's great for the project managers, even for the amrketing guys and business development." David and Ruby Pick Air Quality Mechanical "They're providing solutions to issues the customers are having. It'll pay dividends for years to come." Partners and Clients STAY CONNECTED LET’S GET SOCIAL @super_tech_university IN THE NEWS Let Go to Grow Eric Sprague, Super Tech University 6/2023, C&R Magazine I have the good fortune of doing consulting work for many cleaning and restoration companies across the Read More » View All Posts PODCAST Who We Are Super Tech University is a proven video training program developed by former restoration company owners, Eric and Larry. Quickly growing tired of putting out fires all day they set out to change the system and built “Morning Tech Meeting” to connect with the technicians and share tools and tips to help them learn the “soft skills” they needed to be successful in the field. Quick Links Terms Privacy Disclaimer Contact Terms Privacy Disclaimer Contact ©2022 Blue Collar Nation All Rights Reserved