CBS New York - Breaking News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of NY Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News New York On Your Corner. In Your Corner. facebook youtube twitter instagram News All News NY News NJ News CT News LI News U.S. World Health Business Entertainment Politics Tech CBS+ Weather First Alert Weather Radars & Maps CBS2 Weather Map CBS2 Weather Watchers First Alert Weather 101 Share Photos & Videos Sports All Sports Giants Yankees Knicks Rangers Islanders Jets Mets Nets Devils CBS Sports HQ Odds Video New York Shows Latest News CBS New York Investigates Book Club with Mary Calvi Class Act with Chris Wragge #BetterTogether Breaking The Stigma The Lot Sandy The 5:33 | Legacy of the LIRR Massacre On The Dot with David Schechter: Wildfires & Climate Change Climate Change: Protecting our Planet Station Info WCBS-TV WLNY-TV Contact Us Advertise Contests & Promotions Galleries Links & Numbers Download Our App CBS News Live CBS News New York: Local News, Weather & More Nov 1, 2018 CBS News New York CBS News Live Share your photos and videos First Alert Weather Women's History Month #BetterTogether CBS New York Investigates Chalkbeat New York Partnership Class Act with Chris Wragge Book Club with Mary Calvi Latest News More Postal clerk recounts being kicked onto the tracks at Penn Station Gov. Kathy Hochul said she plans on making an announcement Wednesday about new strategies to fight subway crime. 5H ago First Alert Weather: Yellow Alert for rainy Tuesday a.m. commute A Red Alert has been issued for Wednesday evening into Thursday morning due to heavy rain and wind. 5H ago Man accused of murder in SoHo hotel refuses to voluntarily return to NYC Raad Almansoori is accused in the killing of a 38-year-old woman, whose body was found Feb. 8. 6H ago N.J. nonprofit overcomes building fire, gets back to serving those in need Fish, Inc. helps keep residents in need fed and clothed. Last week's fire destroyed the group's building. But not its mission. 9H ago Another teacher reports allegations of racism at Origins High School The interim principal told CBS New York "There have been some extreme misrepresentations" of how she has handled the situation. 9H ago Explosion rocks New York home on first night of rental as family moves in As they were unloading the moving trucks Saturday night, an explosion rocked the Monticello, N.Y. house and likely damaged it beyond repair. 10H ago CBS New York tours Rikers Island inmate care center at Bellevue Hospital Mayor Eric Adams is working overtime to change conditions at the troubled jail and avoid a federal takeover​. 11H ago Allegations against psychologist at center of Herricks schools sex abuse trial Vincent Festa died in 2011, but the school district's response to the allegations against him are now before a jury. 11H ago Devils fire head coach Lindy Ruff General manager Tom Fitzgerald made the surprising move with less than 30 games left to play. 11H ago Click here for more news Latest Videos More Latest Videos 17-year-old talks about defending pregnant sister from assault in NYC subway system The attack happened Sunday in Washington Heights. It was just the latest in a series of underground attacks in recent days. CBS New York's Naveen Dhaliwal reports. 5H ago 03:02 17-year-old talks about defending pregnant sister from assault in NYC subway system First Alert Weather: Bigger of the 2 coming rainstorms will be on Wednesday into Thursday CBS New York's Lonnie Quinn has more on the Yellow Alert for Tuesday and the Red Alert for Wednesday night. 6H ago 02:53 Man accused of murder in SoHo hotel refuses to voluntarily return to NYC to face charges Raad Almansoori is accused in the killing of a 38-year-old woman, whose body was found Feb. 8. CBS New York's Kristine Johnson reports. 6H ago 00:33 MTA holds final public hearing on congestion pricing Nearly 300 people -- both for and against the controversial plan -- made their voices heard. CBS New York's Dick Brennan reports. 6H ago 02:20 N.J. nonprofit Fish, Inc. overcomes building fire, gets back to serving those in need The group helps keep residents in need fed and clothed. Last week's fire destroyed the group's building. But not its mission. CBS New York's Nick Caloway reports. 9H ago 00:50 More Latest Videos First Alert Weather First Alert Weather First Alert Weather: Bigger of the 2 coming rainstorms will be on Wednesday into Thursday CBS New York's Lonnie Quinn has more on the Yellow Alert for Tuesday and the Red Alert for Wednesday night. 6H ago 02:53 Join the First Alert Weather Watchers First Alert Weather 101: Have a CBS2 meteorologist visit your classroom! See it: First Alert Weather 101 at classrooms in our area Watch our special "Climate Change: Protecting Our Planet" Shop Local Saturday Download Our App The Squeeze Breaking the Stigma CBS New York Investigates Submit a tip to the CBS New York Investigative Team A great investigative news tip should explain the situation in detail, be newsworthy, and have real-world consequences. Dec 26, 2023 Youth stabbings, slashings across NYC up by 48% in 2023, NYPD says A new CBS New York Investigation finds the number of kids stabbed in New York City is sharply up. Feb 29 Manhattan DA indicts safety company in construction certificate scam A company is accused of churning out thousands of construction safety certificates without actually training workers. Feb 28 N.J. woman hoping for answers in mother's cold case killing In her first TV interview, Gertrude Bizzaro's daughter shares her message for anyone who may know something. Mar 1 Over 200 N.J. cops must be retrained after conference, state AG says The new training session is for officers who attended a controversial conference in 2021 in Atlantic City. Feb 20 Senator says Coast Guard hid results of rape, harassment investigation Records released to Congress this month show Coast Guard leaders deliberately hid the findings for years. Feb 16 Brooklyn business connected to suspected Medicare fraud ring Records show Medicare paid thousands per person for catheters that recipients say they never ordered or even needed. Feb 16 Illegal license plate covers and the art of dodging tolls The sale of plate covers was banned in the five boroughs. So why did Amazon ship three to our Investigates Team? Feb 12 Controversial police trainer was disciplined for alleged racial slur, other incidents We first started looking into Street Cop Training in December, after the New Jersey Office of the State Comptroller said the company taught unconstitutional policing tactics at a 2021 conference in Atlantic City. Feb 12 First Alert Weather First Alert Weather First Alert Weather: Bigger of the 2 coming rainstorms will be on Wednesday into Thursday CBS New York's Lonnie Quinn has more on the Yellow Alert for Tuesday and the Red Alert for Wednesday night. 6H ago 02:53 Current Conditions More Weather TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Featured Stories & Web Exclusives New Jersey State Police actively recruiting diverse group of candidates CBS New York sat down exclusively with the head of the state police, Col. Patrick J. Callahan. Mar 3 New York City shelter system, nonprofits face surge in need for help DSS Commissioner Molly Wasow Park says more than 80% of the growth in the shelter system is asylum seekers. Mar 2 Exclusive interview with doctor who helped save subway conductor CBS New York exclusively spoke to the doctor who rushed through a subway to help a conductor who had been slashed. Mar 1 Community Journalism More Escalator outages at Queens subway station frustrate commuters Three escalators at the 74th Street-Broadway station in Jackson Heights have been out of service since June 2023. Mar 1 Friday marks 30 years since murder of Ari Halberstam Three decades after a terrorist opened fire on a van carrying Jewish students on the Brooklyn Bridge, a heartbroken mother joined city officials for a solemn commemoration. Mar 1 Work resumes on unfinished Brooklyn bike lane project, DOT says New York City officials say they now plan to complete an unfinished bike lane project in Brooklyn. Feb 29 Street vendors rally on Fordham Road, beg NYC to let them work CBS New York headed to Fordham Road, where enforcement is putting more strain on their lives than ever before. Feb 29 Safe Horizon program extending helping hand to asylum seekers in Harlem Young people in crisis find food, friendship, clothing and calm at the organization's drop-in center on 125th Street. Feb 29 Brooklyn EMS workers say they can't keep up with 911 calls Data shows Brooklyn has New York City's highest rate of 911 calls. Feb 29 Study shows Brooklyn led the way in construction worker deaths in 2022 Construction safety advocates say fatalities on the job grew in 2022, with Brooklyn as a particular area of concern. Feb 27 Phoenix Meadows parkland touted over casino proposal at Citi Field The Willets Point location includes the ballpark's parking lot, a space enclosed by major thruways near LaGuardia Airport. Feb 27 Beloved therapy dog brings smiles to patients at Jacobi Hospital Cooper the English Sheepdog isn't your typical hospital visitor, but he might be the most popular! Feb 26 More Community Journalism In-Depth Reporting The 5:33 - Legacy of the LIRR Massacre Long before we knew the names Uvalde, Pulse Nightclub, Parkland, and Sandy Hook, the nation was stunned and horrified by the Long Island Rail Road massacre. On The Dot with David Schechter: Wildfires & climate change David Schechter explores the connection between wildfires and climate change for "On The Dot." Jul 14, 2023 25:00 Watch our special "Climate Change: Protecting Our Planet" Experts say climate change will continue to impact the Tri-State Area, driving bigger storm surges, more intense rainfall more often, and extreme heat that lingers longer, to name a few. Apr 20, 2023 Breaking the Stigma: Children and Mental Health — A CBS2 Special In 2021, 44% of high school students reported they persistently felt sad or hopeless, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That's why CBS2 launched a series of special reports on breaking the stigma when it comes to children and mental health. Mar 9, 2023 22:00 Watch the CBS2 special "Black History Is American History" CBS2 honors and celebrates the contributions of Black people to American history in our special. Feb 28, 2023 Climate Change: Protecting our Planet From the top of a volcano in Hawaii to highways across the country, we'll help you understand where carbon dioxide in the atmosphere comes from and how it's warming our planet. A candid conversation with NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell Watch "Sandy," our special documentary Superstorm Sandy was deadly, destructive and relentless. Ten years after Sandy, the hardest-hit areas are recovering and rebuilding. Tri-State Area considering baseline concussion testing for youth sports Breaking the Stigma More Breaking the Stigma: Resources and assistance If you or someone you know needs help, you can call or text 988 to speak with a trained, caring counselor. Jul 26, 2023 Tri-State law enforcement agencies highlight mental health resources The CDC found work stress in first responders can be associated with elevated risk for depression and other issues. Feb 3 Mental health providers are in short supply, so what should people in need do? Post-pandemic, mental health is being valued more than ever before, but securing an appointment with a provider is more than difficult than ever. Jan 29 Teens experiencing uptick in anxiety: What to watch for Nearly one in three U.S. teenagers experiences anxiety that interferes with their daily functioning. Nov 29, 2023 04:02 How to avoid holiday loneliness: Coping strategies, resources There's evidence being lonely can literately shorten your life, and these feeling can be experienced at any age. Nov 29, 2023 Happy Jack record label aims to support artists' mental health Happy Jack's mission goes beyond music and works to give artists the help and guidance they need to support mental health. Nov 27, 2023 06:18 St. Francis offers place to call home for people with mental illness It opened in the early 1980s as the very first permanent supportive housing for a specific population that's often overlooked. Nov 14, 2023 AI generated images another potential social media hazard Celebrities like Heidi Klum and Arnold Schwarzenegger have shared the 90s-style images. The filters can look realistic, but doctors say trends like this can impact your mental health. Dr. Samantha DeCaro, director of clinical outreach and education at the Renfrew Center, joined Dick Brennan and Dana Tyler to discuss it. Oct 20, 2023 03:50 Mental health club succeeds among Success Academy students The charter school system that got its start in Harlem is setting a new standard for mental health care on campuses everywhere. Oct 18, 2023 More Sports News More Sam Reinhart scores twice, NHL-best Panthers top Rangers Will Cuylle and Chris Kreider scored for Metropolitan Division-leading New York in the 4-2 defeat on Monday. 5H ago Grizzlies dominate the boards, defeat Nets to snap 5-game slide Memphis outrebounded Brooklyn 50-33 and piled up 25 second-chance points in the 106-102 win on Monday. 5H ago Devils fire head coach Lindy Ruff General manager Tom Fitzgerald made the surprising move with less than 30 games left to play. 11H ago Knicks regroup after losing Jalen Brunson to injury, top Cavaliers Josh Hart finished with 13 points, 19 rebounds and 10 assists in New York's 107-98 win on Sunday. Mar 3 Phillip Danault hat trick helps Kings thump Devils Nico Daws was lifted after giving up four goals on 13 shots for New Jersey, which has lost five of seven. Mar 3 More Sports News On Call with Dr. Kumar More On Call: How mental health is impacting maternal mortality Maternal mortality continues to rise in the U.S., and a recent study suggests poor mental health may be a factor. 21H ago On Call with Dr. Kumar: Benefits of cardiac rehab While very important, only 8% of patients attend the recommended 36 sessions of cardiac rehab. Feb 27 On Call with Dr. Kumar: Understanding atrial fibrillation Atrial fibrillation, or a-fib, is serious heart condition that causes abnormal heart rhythm. Feb 12 What to know about Zyn and the physical & mental health impacts So-called "Zynfluencers" are singing its praises on TikTok and Instagram, where users pop little white pouches between their gums and cheeks. Feb 5 On Call with Dr. Kumar: Women's heart health Friday, millions of women are wearing red to raise awareness about cardiovascular disease, the number one killer of women, according to the American Heart Association. Dr. Nidhi Kumar is on call for CBS News New York with what you can do for better heart health. Feb 2 03:54 On Call with Dr. Kumar: What is #WaterTok and is it good for you? Users post videos of themselves mixing their water for the day with a variety of packets and powders. Jan 29 On Call: Diet and lifestyle changes to help with anti-aging Doctors say diet and lifestyle can go along way before spending money on a cream or procedure. Jan 22 On Call with Dr. Kumar: Winter health concerns to watch out for Dr. Nidhi Kumar is On Call for CBS New York​ to explain what to watch out for and how to get healthier this winter. Jan 15 What to know about over-the-counter medications for cold and flu We are in the midst of a "tripledemic,"​ which has people running to pharmacies for over-the-counter relief. But some of those medicines can do more harm than good. Jan 8 More Snapshot New York More Snapshot New York Snapshot New York: 2023 Holiday Special Join CBS New York's Steve Overmyer in a tribute to winter in the Big Apple, when Christmas dreams and Hanukkah hopes brighten the skyline and warm our hearts even on the coldest nights. Dec 23, 2023 21:30 Snapshot New York: A Thanksgiving Special Join us for a special Thanksgiving edition of stories of gratitude with CBS New York’s Steve Overmyer. Nov 23, 2023 13:46 Snapshot New York Halloween Special Get ready for a spine-chilling adventure as we delve into the world of the supernatural! Oct 27, 2023 "The Drifter" sings for thousands below Madison Square Garden One man is making it his mission to give the heart of New York a heartbeat. Oct 20, 2023 Snapshot New York: Quadriplegic Kevin Lange hits Trails Without Limits in Westchester County A new program in Westchester County helps people with disabilities immerse themselves in the local parks like never before. Aug 25, 2023 More #ClubCalvi: CBS New York Book Club with Mary Calvi More CBS New York Book Club bonus read: "After Annie" Mary Calvi Talks with Pulitzer-prize winning journalist Anna Quindlen about her latest new novel "After Annie" Feb 29 Bonus read from author Anna Quindlen The novel "After Annie" was released this week, and it's about love and living after sudden loss. Feb 29 03:58 Meet the Author: Maura Cheeks Her debut novel, "Acts of Forgiveness," is our latest Readers' Choice for the CBS New York Book Club with Mary Calvi. Feb 21 02:38 The votes are in for the next read for the CBS New York Book Club Find out which book is the "Readers' Choice": "Acts of Forgiveness" by Maura Cheeks, "The Fortune Seller" by Rachel Kapelke-Dale, or "A Love Song for Ricki Wilde" by Tia Williams. Feb 21 CBS New York Book Club meetup with author Abbott Kahler They discussed Kahler's book "Where You End." Feb 20 22:01 More #BetterTogether: Class Act with Chris Wragge More Class Act finds talent on full display at Newark Arts High School CBS New York's Class Act with Chris Wragge is live this morning from the nearly-century-old school. Feb 16 Students at Newark Arts High School find inspiration among the halls Arts High School of Newark has been around for nearly a century, and it's a school where dreams come true -- not for a few, but for many. Feb 16 Class Act with Chris Wragge heading to Newark, N.J. Be sure to join us Friday, when we'll be live all morning from Newark Arts High School. Feb 13 Students at Francis Lewis learn culinary and hydroponic skills It's a diverse school where over 60 languages are spoken, and it would take eight years of high school to cover all the programs offered. Dec 1, 2023 Class Act with Chris Wragge heads to Francis Lewis High School Francis Lewis High School in Queens is home to some incredible programs that you don't see at every school. Dec 1, 2023 One day away from Class Act with Chris Wragge Tomorrow, we'll be live at Francis Lewis High School in Fresh Meadows, Queens. Nov 30, 2023 01:03 Class Act heading to Queens this Friday This Friday, Class Act with Chris Wragge will be live at Francis Lewis High School in Fresh Meadows, Queens. Nov 29, 2023 01:15 Class Act with Chris Wragge headed to Francis Lewis High School in Queens The school has a little bit of everything, like a culinary department with a rooftop greenhouse where kids grow food for their culinary program. Nov 28, 2023 James Madison High School renaming football field in honor of 9/11 hero Danny Suhr Suhr was a star captain of the football and baseball teams at James Madison High School and loved playing for the FDNY vs. the NYPD. Oct 20, 2023 More Essentials More Moving to New York? Find the best internet providers in the Big Apple Before you make the big move to the Big Apple, make sure your new home internet is the fastest, and offers the best value. Nov 16, 2023 Your new home in New York City may need a faster router. Start with these Get the speed you're paying for with one of these tested-and-true, handpicked routers. Nov 13, 2023 Here are the best TV and Internet bundles in NYC -- don't move to New York without one For anyone living in New York City (or planning to move into Manhattan), and who's looking to save money by bundling their TV and home Internet service, here are the best options. Nov 13, 2023 More New York News More New York News Man accused of murder in SoHo hotel refuses to voluntarily return to NYC Raad Almansoori is accused in the killing of a 38-year-old woman, whose body was found Feb. 8. 6H ago Another teacher reports allegations of racism at Origins High School The interim principal told CBS New York "There have been some extreme misrepresentations" of how she has handled the situation. 9H ago Postal clerk recounts being kicked onto the tracks at Penn Station Gov. Kathy Hochul said she plans on making an announcement Wednesday about new strategies to fight subway crime. 5H ago Explosion rocks New York home on first night of rental as family moves in As they were unloading the moving trucks Saturday night, an explosion rocked the Monticello, N.Y. house and likely damaged it beyond repair. 10H ago CBS New York tours Rikers Island inmate care center at Bellevue Hospital Mayor Eric Adams is working overtime to change conditions at the troubled jail and avoid a federal takeover​. 11H ago More New York News Connecticut News More Connecticut News First Alert Weather: Yellow Alert for rainy Tuesday a.m. commute A Red Alert has been issued for Wednesday evening into Thursday morning due to heavy rain and wind. 5H ago First Alert Forecast: Mostly sunny and low 60s! Sunday, temperatures could run about 15 degrees above normal, which would feel more like mid-April! Mar 3 First Alert Forecast: Steady rain all day It's raw and rainy Saturday with steady rain continuing through the afternoon and early evening. Mar 2 Michelle Troconis found guilty in Jennifer Dulos' disappearance Jennifer Dulos was reported missing after dropping her kids off at school in New Canaan, Connecticut in May 2019. Mar 1 Families of Michelle Troconis, Jennifer Dulos react to guilty verdict Michelle Troconis, the girlfriend of Dulos' estranged husband, was found guilty for her role in the disappearance. Mar 1 More Connecticut News New Jersey News More New Jersey News N.J. nonprofit overcomes building fire, gets back to serving those in need Fish, Inc. helps keep residents in need fed and clothed. Last week's fire destroyed the group's building. But not its mission. 9H ago Taxi drivers speak out against congestion pricing at public hearing The MTA says new tolls are needed to keep the transit system running, but there's been a lot of pushback at the public hearings. 5H ago Missing New Jersey hiker found safe in New York Police said the woman regularly hikes at Ringwood State Park and was disoriented after spending the night in the woods. 5H ago First Alert Weather: Yellow Alert for rainy Tuesday a.m. commute A Red Alert has been issued for Wednesday evening into Thursday morning due to heavy rain and wind. 5H ago NJ TRANSIT holding 1st public hearing on proposed fare hikes NJ Transit​ officials say the 15% hike is needed​ to fulfill a nearly $107 million shortfall. 23H ago More New Jersey News Long Island News More Long Island News Allegations against psychologist at center of Herricks schools sex abuse trial Vincent Festa died in 2011, but the school district's response to the allegations against him are now before a jury. 11H ago Lawmakers demand overhaul to save Nassau University Medical Center NUMC, a safety-net hospital serving the uninsured and underinsured, is weeks away from running out of money to pay its staff. 11H ago First Alert Forecast: Mostly sunny and low 60s! Sunday, temperatures could run about 15 degrees above normal, which would feel more like mid-April! Mar 3 First Alert Forecast: Steady rain all day It's raw and rainy Saturday with steady rain continuing through the afternoon and early evening. Mar 2 More human remains found at Long Island park Human body parts belonging to at least two victims, one male and one female, were dumped in Babylon Village. Mar 1 More Long Island News Politics More Politics Postal clerk recounts being kicked onto the tracks at Penn Station Gov. Kathy Hochul said she plans on making an announcement Wednesday about new strategies to fight subway crime. 5H ago CBS New York tours Rikers Island inmate care center at Bellevue Hospital Mayor Eric Adams is working overtime to change conditions at the troubled jail and avoid a federal takeover​. 11H ago Lawmakers demand overhaul to save Nassau University Medical Center NUMC, a safety-net hospital serving the uninsured and underinsured, is weeks away from running out of money to pay its staff. 11H ago Taxi drivers speak out against congestion pricing at public hearing The MTA says new tolls are needed to keep the transit system running, but there's been a lot of pushback at the public hearings. 5H ago Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 9H ago More Political News Health News More Health News On Call: How mental health is impacting maternal mortality Maternal mortality continues to rise in the U.S., and a recent study suggests poor mental health may be a factor. 21H ago What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 13H ago Doctors say some women without risk factors can still have heart attack As we close out American Heart Month, a young Yonkers resident who fit that description told her story of survival. Feb 29 Research suggests COVID-19 affects brain age and IQ score Studies show that even when the virus is mild and exclusively confined to the lungs, it can still provoke inflammation in the brain and impair brain cells' ability to regenerate. Feb 29 More Health News Entertainment News More Entertainment News New "Hadestown" actors reenergize hit Broadway show The new actors taking audiences to Broadway's underworld include a prolific singer-songwriter and a pair of young stars known for their TV work. Mar 3 Harry Belafonte's family holds birthday celebration at NYC church Harry Belafonte's family celebrated the late actor, musician and civil rights activist Friday on what would have been his 97th birthday. Mar 1 Iris Apfel, fashion icon known for her eye-catching style, dies at 102 Iris Apfel, a textile expert, interior designer and fashion celebrity known for her eccentric style, has died. Mar 1 Broadway musical "Suffs" shines spotlight on women's suffrage movement "Suffs" puts a spotlight on suffragists who fought for the 19th Amendment, giving women the right to vote. 7H ago Death of Jon Stewart's dog spurs flood of donations to animal shelter The Daily Show host's tearful eulogy to his three-legged dog, Dipper, prompts jump in contributions to Animal Haven a no-kill shelter in New York City. 14H ago More Entertainment News Sports News More Sports News Sam Reinhart scores twice, NHL-best Panthers top Rangers Will Cuylle and Chris Kreider scored for Metropolitan Division-leading New York in the 4-2 defeat on Monday. 5H ago Grizzlies dominate the boards, defeat Nets to snap 5-game slide Memphis outrebounded Brooklyn 50-33 and piled up 25 second-chance points in the 106-102 win on Monday. 5H ago Devils fire head coach Lindy Ruff General manager Tom Fitzgerald made the surprising move with less than 30 games left to play. 11H ago Knicks regroup after losing Jalen Brunson to injury, top Cavaliers Josh Hart finished with 13 points, 19 rebounds and 10 assists in New York's 107-98 win on Sunday. Mar 3 Phillip Danault hat trick helps Kings thump Devils Nico Daws was lifted after giving up four goals on 13 shots for New Jersey, which has lost five of seven. Mar 3 More Sports News Community Journalism More Community Journalism Escalator outages at Queens subway station frustrate commuters Three escalators at the 74th Street-Broadway station in Jackson Heights have been out of service since June 2023. Mar 1 Friday marks 30 years since murder of Ari Halberstam Three decades after a terrorist opened fire on a van carrying Jewish students on the Brooklyn Bridge, a heartbroken mother joined city officials for a solemn commemoration. Mar 1 Work resumes on unfinished Brooklyn bike lane project, DOT says New York City officials say they now plan to complete an unfinished bike lane project in Brooklyn. Feb 29 Street vendors rally on Fordham Road, beg NYC to let them work CBS New York headed to Fordham Road, where enforcement is putting more strain on their lives than ever before. Feb 29 Safe Horizon program extending helping hand to asylum seekers in Harlem Young people in crisis find food, friendship, clothing and calm at the organization's drop-in center on 125th Street. Feb 29 More Community Journalism Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries 50th Annual Village Halloween Parade The 50th Annual Village Halloween Parade drew massive crowds, celebrating the theme "Upside/Down:Inside/OUT." Oct 31, 2023 18 photos Flooding leaves parts of New York City underwater As much of the northeast experiences heavy rains, parts of New York City are beginning to flood. Sep 29, 2023 15 photos Photos: Crowd turns chaotic during Union Square giveaway Thousands of people flooded Union Square on Friday for a PlayStation giveaway promoted by livestreamer Kai Cenat. Aug 4, 2023 24 photos Photos: Crane catches fire, partially collapses in NYC A crane went up in flames high above Manhattan, then partially collapsed onto the street below. Jul 26, 2023 22 photos Tony Bennett, N.Y. native and music legend, through the years The Grammy Award winning singer who graced the stage for generations died at the age of 96. Jul 21, 2023 24 photos More Photo Galleries Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos 17-year-old talks about defending pregnant sister from assault in NYC subway system The attack happened Sunday in Washington Heights. It was just the latest in a series of underground attacks in recent days. CBS New York's Naveen Dhaliwal reports. 5H ago 03:02 First Alert Weather: Bigger of the 2 coming rainstorms will be on Wednesday into Thursday CBS New York's Lonnie Quinn has more on the Yellow Alert for Tuesday and the Red Alert for Wednesday night. 6H ago 02:53 Man accused of murder in SoHo hotel refuses to voluntarily return to NYC to face charges Raad Almansoori is accused in the killing of a 38-year-old woman, whose body was found Feb. 8. CBS New York's Kristine Johnson reports. 6H ago 00:33 MTA holds final public hearing on congestion pricing Nearly 300 people -- both for and against the controversial plan -- made their voices heard. CBS New York's Dick Brennan reports. 6H ago 02:20 N.J. nonprofit Fish, Inc. overcomes building fire, gets back to serving those in need The group helps keep residents in need fed and clothed. Last week's fire destroyed the group's building. But not its mission. CBS New York's Nick Caloway reports. 9H ago 00:50 More Latest Videos CBS2 New York Contact Us Advertise with CBS2 Stream CBS News New York Links & Numbers Weather & Radar Maps ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS 2 WLNY TV 10/55 Contact Us Contests & Promotions Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WCBS-TV / CBS2 Public File for WLNY-TV / 10/55 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications CBS 2 EEO Report WLNY TV 10/55 EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On