Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Menu Browse Table of Contents What's New Random Entry Chronological Archives About Editorial Information About the SEP Editorial Board How to Cite the SEP Special Characters Advanced Tools Contact Support SEP Support the SEP PDFs for SEP Friends Make a Donation SEPIA for Libraries Search Search Tips Browse Table of Contents What's New Archives Random Entry The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy organizes scholars from around the world in philosophy and related disciplines to create and maintain an up-to-date reference work. Co-Principal Editors: Edward N. Zalta and Uri Nodelman Masthead | Editorial Board Current Operations Are Supported By: The Offices of the Provost, the Dean of Humanities and Sciences, and the Dean of Research, Stanford University The SEP Library Fund: containing contributions from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the membership dues of academic libraries that have joined SEPIA. The John Perry Fund and The SEP Fund: containing contributions from individual donors. The O.C. Tanner SEP Fund: containing a gift from the O.C. Tanner Company. The Friends of the SEP Society Fund: containing membership dues from individuals who have joined the Friends of the SEP Society to obtain such member benefits as nicely formatted PDF versions of SEP entries. The SEP gratefully acknowledges founding support from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the National Science Foundation, The American Philosophical Association/Pacific Division, The Canadian Philosophical Association, and the Philosophy Documentation Center. Fundraising efforts were supported by a grant from The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation. Browse Table of Contents What's New Random Entry Chronological Archives About Editorial Information About the SEP Editorial Board How to Cite the SEP Special Characters Advanced Tools Accessibility Contact Support SEP Support the SEP PDFs for SEP Friends Make a Donation SEPIA for Libraries Mirror Sites View this site from another server: USA (Main Site) Philosophy, Stanford University Info about mirror sites The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy is copyright © 2024 by The Metaphysics Research Lab, Department of Philosophy, Stanford University Library of Congress Catalog Data: ISSN 1095-5054