New Mexico State University | BE BOLD. Shape the Future. Skip to main content NMSU websites use cookies to enhance user experience, analyze site usage, and assist with outreach and enrollment. By continuing to use this site, you are giving us your consent to do this. Learn more about cookies on NMSU websites in our Privacy Statement. I agree Close Popular Links Academic Calendars Campus Maps myNMSU NMSU Phonebook Athletics Information For Future Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends APPLY VISIT VIRTUAL TOUR GIVE MYNMSU INFO FOR Search Search About NMSU Overview University Facts Mission & Vision Core Values Campus Locations Maps & Directions NMSU Leadership Our Heritage Rankings Museums & Collections Admissions & Aid Admissions Overview Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Online Education Request Information Have questions or want to learn more? Visit Campus Experience for yourself why NMSU is a special place. Schedule a tour or visit virtually. Calculate Costs Estimate your financial awards and find out more on the cost of attendance. Scholarship Resources View our current scholarships and their eligibility guidelines. Aggie One Stop Have questions? Connect with our one-stop student service center. Apply Today Ready to apply to NMSU? The process is quick and convenient with our online application. Begin your Future. Explore the many exciting opportunities to shape your future at New Mexico State University. Academics Academics Overview Fields of Study Colleges & Departments Honors College Library Education Abroad Academic Calendars Find all of the important dates and holidays by semester. Catalogs Find catalogs for all of our campuses. 180+ undergraduate majors and more than 170 minors 120+ graduate fields of study 4,400+ courses across 54 academic departments 500+ online courses across 60+ programs Join our celebrated faculty and distinguished researchers who are working on innovative projects and seeking solutions to today’s challenges. Campus Life Campus Life Overview Health & Wellness Bookstore Parking Athletics & Recreation Arts & Culture Student Organizations Academic Resources & Support Housing & Residential Life We provide a variety of housing options designed to meet your needs. Campus Dining Take advantage of one of the many convenient dining options available. There is more to life than studying and textbooks. Catch the Aggie spirit. Research Research & Creativity Institutional Research Strengths Ag Experiment Stations State-wide Centers Extension & Outreach Cooperative Extension The Learning Games Lab Innovative Media Research & Extension Arrowhead Center Statewide Impact Economic Development for NM Communities Locate an Extension Office Find us in all 33 counties. Outreach Publications Find practical, research-based information to help improve your life. Outreach efforts at NMSU help to extend our expertise in research teaching, and the development of our resources with communities throughout New Mexico and the world. News Newscenter For the Media Ambient video of scenes of life at New Mexico State University Pause Ambient video of scenes of life at New Mexico State University Hero Video New Mexico State University We are New Mexico’s land-grant institution and a comprehensive research university dedicated to teaching, research public service and outreach at all levels. NMSU is a welcoming community of talented faculty, staff and students who are working together to make a difference. We are a NASA Space Grant College, a Hispanic-serving institution (HSI), a minority-serving institution (MSI) and home to the first Honors College in New Mexico. We offer an accessible education that shapes bright futures. NMSU At A Glance Fast Facts 180 + Degree Programs Shape your future and advance your personal and professional goals at NMSU. Explore Academics Affordable Reasonable tuition rates for in- and out-of-state students and one of the best educational values in the country. Learn more Among the Best Ranked a Top-Tier University with U.S. News & World Report. View Rankings NM is our Campus Our main campus is located in Las Cruces, NM. We have 3 branch campuses and 12 research and science centers across the state. Learn More 13:1 Student-to-Faculty Ratio Small class sizes mean you won't get lost in the crowd. Here, you'll get to know your professors and your peers. NMSU by the Numbers $ 100 M Finance Your Future We award more than $100 million annually in scholarships, grants, work-study funds and loans. Learn More 146 , 251 Alumni Network The Aggie community is strong with more than 145K alumni and friends around the world. Alumni Association 70 + Online Programs Learn about our flexible degree options that fit your schedule. Learn more View More Facts View Less Facts the nmsu difference We see embracing our differences as an asset and actively seek to include wide-ranging perspectives to lead our campus community to shape the future. — Excerpt from our values Explore Academics First-rate Education New Mexico State University offers students an outstanding education leading to life-changing opportunities. Our 21st-century degree programs, innovative research activities and unwavering commitment to improving lives have continually been recognized on the national stage. Build your future within any of NMSU's five exceptional colleges. Browse Degree Programs From the NewsCenter Alumni Highlight Sideline hustle: NMSU alums help keep NFL players safe, healthy Research Highlight NMSU planet formation research group receives second NASA Emerging Worlds grant University Highlight NMSU names next dean of graduate school, associate provost for international affairs Student Highlight Coverdell program brings returned Peace Corps volunteers to NMSU More News For Media Our Impact. Your Stories. Study measures NMSU’s billion-dollar plus impact on New Mexico economy NMSU Alamogordo virtual reality lab allows students to explore Important Dates Jan 17 First Day of Classes March 11-15 Spring Break March 29 Spring Holiday Explore #NMSU on Social Media Social Media Directory Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube TikTok Connect Contact Us Crimson Connection (Events) Directory NMSU System DACC Alamogordo Grants Resources Campus Maps Emergency Information Employment Opportunities Stay Safe at NMSU Student Help & Complaint Process Unidos. United. (For Employees) Virtual Tour Working at NMSU Info Center Accreditation Accessibility Copyright Department of Education HEERF Reporting Inspection of Public Records Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Privacy Apply Now Visit NMSU Request Information Give to NMSU Las Cruces, New Mexico (575) 646-0111 Language English Español © 2023 New Mexico State University - Board of Regents Information For Current Students Future Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni & Donors Athletics Begin Your Future. Be An Aggie. Explore the many exciting opportunities to shape your future at New Mexico State University. Request Info Visit Campus Apply Today