Science Media Centre Our website uses the latest in web technologies. Unfortunately your browser is very old so you are missing out. We recommend you update to the latest version of IE or even better Google Chrome! select search filters briefings roundups & rapid reactions before the headlines Fiona fox's blog working with us for journalists for press officers for scientists about us staff governance interns funding jobs publications publications for journalists publications for press officers publications for scientists publications about the Science Media Centre submissions to committees and inquiries foundational documents international SMCs contact us working with us working with us home for journalists for press officers for scientists about us about us home staff governance interns funding jobs publications publications home for journalists for press officers for scientists about the Science Media Centre submissions to committees and inquiries foundational documents international SMCs contact us }); Science Media Center welcome to the Science Media Centre an independent press office helping to ensure that the public have access to the best scientific evidence and expertise through the news media when science hits the headlines find out more Ipsos poll: where does the public access science information? read the report the Science Media Centre Global Network the new website for the Science Media Centre Global Network has launched! Visit it to learn more about the SMC Global Network - an international network ensuring the public have access to the best evidence in the news when science hits the headlines around the world. To find out more visit www.smcglobal.org The Changing Role of Science Press Officers read the report The science media centre's Lessons Learned from COVID-19 our recommendations regarding science and the media, based on our experiences during the COVID-19 pandemic find out more Advice for researchers experiencing harassment supported by Taylor & Francis Group, the SMC have published advice for researchers experiencing harassment find out more For Journalists The Science Media Centre provides journalists with what they need in the timeframe they need it, from interviews with leading experts to timely press briefings on hot topics. find out more for scientists The SMC runs free events to introduce experts to the news media. We also provide advice and support to scientists on media engagement. find out more for press officers The SMC is an independent press office for science, working closely with press officers from universities, scientific companies, research funders and leading science and engineering institutions. find out more roundups & rapid reactions briefings before the headlines March 5, 2024 expert reaction to study looking at a link between sweetened drinks and atrial fibrillation risk A study published in Circulation: Arrhythmia and Electrophysiology looks at sweetened beverages and risk of atrial fibrillation. Victoria Taylor, Senior … read more March 4, 2024 Pioneering approach to collecting foetal stem cells, and growing organoids in the lab, to research late-stage pregnancy Currently, the only way to collect foetal stem cells and grow them in a lab into organoids (for scientific research) … read more March 4, 2024 expert reaction to study collecting foetal stem cells and growing organoids A study published in Nature Communications looks at collecting foetal stem cells from amniotic and tracheal fluids and growing organoids. Prof … read more March 1, 2024 expert reaction to study looking at a daily fibre supplement and muscle function and cognition in over-60s A study published in Nature Communications looks at fibre supplements, muscle function and cognition in over 60s. Prof David Curtis, … read more February 28, 2024 expert reaction to umbrella review looking at ultra-processed food exposure and adverse health outcomes A study published in the BMJ looks at UPF exposure and adverse health outcomes. Prof Martin Warren, Quadram Institute Chief Scientific … read more February 28, 2024 expert reaction to modelling study looking at menu calorie labelling, and obesity and deaths from cardiovascular disease in England A study published in the Lancet Public Health looks at calorie labelling, obesity and deaths from cardiovascular disease (CVD). Prof Sir … read more February 28, 2024 Cognition and memory in people who had and hadn’t had Covid-19 in a large community sample, REACT Long COVID The REACT team at Imperial College London have carried out an observational study looking at measures of cognitive performance in … read more read Fiona Fox’s blog on science and the media latest blog entry: "mr. bates and the anti-comms officer" read more for the public The Science Media Centre is a service for national news journalists. If you are a member of the public, and have a question about science, you could try: 215 Euston Road, London, NW1 2BE +44 (0)20 7611 8300 Terms and Conditions | Privacy Notice follow us on twitter read Fiona's blog subscribe to feeds With thanks to Wellcome Collection for use of their image library Science Media Centre is a registered charity No. 1140827 and a company limited by guarantee, No. 7560997 Registered in England and Wales. All worldwide rights reserved for all content on this site. Copyright © Science Media Centre 2012 constructed on a molecular level by node hosted by This website uses only necessary cookies, to improve your experience. Read More Accept Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT