Home - Edge Skip to content Menu Search Anything About Edge-ucation Support Events Get Started About Edge-ucation Support Events Get Started About Edge-ucation Support Events Get Started About Edge-ucation Support Events Get Started Get Edge to manage all of your crypto assets. The most secure way to buy, store and trade crypto under your control + 0 MM Accounts Created + 0 Assets Supported 0 Languages Supported 0 Countries Supported Private, Secure & Easy to Use Cutting edge security, user privacy, and ease of use are at the foundation of everything we build. Edge combines these features into one user friendly platform for beginners and experts alike. Multi-Asset SupportBitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Dash, Dogecoin & more Exchange between assets Seamlessly trade between digital currencies/assets on the go. In-app buy, sell and more Exchange your fiat money for the financial assets of the future. Securing digital assets doesn't have to be difficult Managing multiple wallets for multiple cryptocurrency assets is hard. Add in complicated backups like sensitive seed phrases and private keys, and you’ve got serious usability challenges. Not at Edge. Hold all of your assets in one place with the Edge app — all you need is a username and password. Edge vs other guys One app for all of your assets Backup with just username and password Easy, secure access with PIN or Biometric Login Seamlessly login using multiple devices Several apps to manage multiple assets Difficult to use backups No auto-sync between devices No forgiveness for user mistakes One app for all your cryptocurrency needs We partner with top blockchain services around the world so users can maximize their assets. In-app buy/sell, mobile top-ups, gift cards, and crypto to crypto exchange, all inside Edge. Security is our foundation, not a feature Many wallet options are compelling, but very few of them have the security track record Edge has. Want to learn more? Download our White Paper here. Client-side Encryption Automatic Backup Powerful Security Tools Private By Default Edge has a zero-knowledge security architecture meaning we don’t need, nor do we want, any of your private information. Respecting your privacy is a core value in everything we engineer. Your assets. Your keys. Client-side encryption means all of your data is encrypted on your device before any of your information touches our web servers. No server-side hacks and no malware = safe assets. Only you and you alone have access to control your cryptocurrency assets — the way it should be. Redundant peer-to-peer cloud servers Once your account and everything in it has been encrypted, we automatically back it up. We can’t access your assets or any other information in any usable form but if anything happens to your device, you can just download the Edge app on a new device, enter your username and password and your assets are right where you left them. One-Touch 2-Factor Authentication Easily set up 2-Factor Authentication (2FA) with just a touch of a button. 2FA increases security by only allowing logins from previously logged in devices. Even if a malicious actor gets access to your username and password, they won’t be able to log-in to your 2FA enabled account. Password Recovery Many of us forget passwords and this can be unforgiving to holders of digital assets. We have created password recovery with this in mind. Users can set up password recovery for their Edge Wallet with just two recovery questions and an email. Edge-ucation Crypto Questions, Answered Welcome to an All-New Edge Learn more > Never Miss Another Crypto Airdrop Learn more > Edge Integrates THORChain (RUNE) Learn more > Sell Crypto to Debit Card in Minutes Learn more > Edge Adds Support for Liberland Blockchain Learn more > THORchain Streaming Swaps Explained Learn more > Manual Key Management Continues to be a Security Nightmare Learn more > Optimism Arrives on Edge Learn more > Edge Now Supports Stablecoins on the XRPL Learn more > Edge Integrates Algorand: Access with WalletConnect Learn more > Are you a developer looking for a key management solution? Give your users a familiar and secure key management solution with Edge Security API/SDK. All it takes is eight lines of code. For more information, please email us. View Source on Github Get the latest on Crypto Sign up for our newsletter Email(Required) CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Wallets Bitcoin Ethereum Litecoin EOS Stellar XRP Dash Monero Company AboutCrypto LoansEdge-ucationEventsGet StartedWhite PaperCareersFAQ Contact Submit TicketApp FeedbackRequest API KeyCall +1.619.777.5688Text +1.619.777.5688Request In-Person/Virtual Support Twitter Linkedin Github Youtube Get the App © Edge App 2024 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy Skip to content