Home | U.S. Department of Labor Skip to main content An official website of the United States government. Here’s how you know Here’s how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. U.S. Department of Labor FAQ Contact Us Menu Search submenu TOPICSBack Topics American Rescue Plan Coronavirus Resources Disability Resources Disaster Recovery Assistance Elaws Equal Employment Opportunity Evidence Grants Guidance Search Health Plans and Benefits Hiring Registered Apprenticeship International Labor Issues Job Corps Labor Relations Leave Benefits Major Laws of DOL Other Benefits Posters Retirement Plans, Benefits and Savings Spanish-Language Resources Statistics Termination Training Unemployment Insurance Veterans Employment Wages Whistleblower Protection Work Hours Workers' Compensation Workplace Safety and Health Youth & Young Worker Employment Key Topics Breaks and Meal Periods Continuation of Health Coverage - COBRA FMLA (Family and Medical Leave) Full-Time Employment Grants Mental Health AGENCIESBack Agencies Office of the Secretary (OSEC) Administrative Review Board (ARB) Benefits Review Board (BRB) Bureau of International Labor Affairs (ILAB) Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA) Employees' Compensation Appeals Board (ECAB) Employment and Training Administration (ETA) Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Office of Administrative Law Judges (OALJ) Office of Congressional & Intergovernmental Affairs (OCIA) Office of Disability Employment Policy (ODEP) Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) Office of Inspector General (OIG) Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management (OASAM) Office of the Assistant Secretary for Policy (OASP) Office of the Chief Financial Officer (OCFO) Office of the Solicitor (SOL) Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP) Ombudsman for the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program (EEOMBD) Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS) Wage and Hour Division (WHD) Women's Bureau (WB) FORMS ABOUT USBack About Us Agencies and Programs Meet the Secretary of Labor Leadership Team Budget, Performance and Planning Calendar Careers at DOL History Privacy Program Recursos en Español NEWSBack News Newsroom News Releases Blog Economic Data from the Department of Labor Email Newsletter FAQ CONTACT US Search Interested in unions & collective bargaining? The Worker Organizing Resource and Knowledge (WORK) Center has resources that can help. Learn More Featured Stories Mental Health at Work Our Mental Health at Work Initiative leverages DOL's expertise, programs, policies, partnerships and authority to advance mental health and wellness in the workforce. The Good Jobs Initiative Our Good Jobs Initiative is providing critical information to workers, employers and the government as they work to improve job quality and create access to good jobs. Migrant Workers' Rights Our new website in English and Spanish makes it easier for migrant workers in the U.S. to find information about their rights. HIRE Vets Medallion Award – Apply Now The HIRE Vets Medallion Program recognizes companies that go above and beyond in hiring and supporting veterans. Apply by April 30. Quick Links American Rescue Plan Disaster Recovery Assistance How Do I File for Unemployment Insurance? Worker.gov Employer.gov Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Grants Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) Workplace Posters Minimum Wage Guidance for Visitors to DOL National Office Apprenticeship Finder Worker rights and benefits depend on you exercising your fundamental right! Register to vote at Vote.gov Blog Colorado's paid leave program just launched. Here's why that's good for the state.A Labor-Management Partnership Building Trust and Good JobsBlack History Month: Lifelong Perspectives News February 29, 2024 Unemployment Insurance Weekly Claims Report February 28, 2024 Readout: Department of Labor joins Restaurant Opportunities Centers United for listening session on impacts of indoor heat in the restaurant industry February 28, 2024 Department of Labor allocates $6.95M to support ILO research on child, forced labor to inform policies, protect vulnerable workers February 28, 2024 ICYMI: Acting Secretary Su visits diverse communities, spotlights Biden-Harris administration investments in good jobs, support for unions February 27, 2024 Readout: Acting Secretary Su, Spain’s Labor Minister Yolanda Díaz Pérez sign joint statement protecting workers from algorithmic bias in artificial intelligence More News Join Us on Social Media Strengthening America's workforce. Sharing stories, news and info on U.S. workers, jobs, employment, safety and regulations. Facebook Twitter Instagram Threads Linkedin Youtube Scroll to Top Agencies Forms Guidance Search FAQ About DOL News Contact Us U.S. Department of Labor 200 Constitution Ave NW Washington, DC 202101-866-4-USA-DOL1-866-487-2365www.dol.gov Federal Government White House Benefits.gov Coronavirus Resources Disaster Recovery Assistance DisasterAssistance.gov USA.gov Notification of EEO Violations No Fear Act Data U.S. Office of Special Counsel Labor Department About DOL Guidance Search Español Office of Inspector General Subscribe to the DOL Newsletter Read the DOL Newsletter Emergency Accountability Status Link A to Z Index About The Site Freedom of Information Act Disclaimers Plug-Ins Used on DOL.gov Accessibility Statement Connect With DOL Facebook Twitter Instagram Threads Linkedin Youtube Site Map Important Website Notices Privacy & Security Statement