High Point University | Home | High Point, North Carolina | High Point University Skip to Main Content Search Popular Searches Three Families Give HPU $100 Million Media Spotlight Shines on HPU During Historic Announcement 99% of HPU Graduates Are Employed or Furthering Their Education Within 180 Days 10 Lessons Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence Steve Wozniak Shared on the HPU Campus Info for: Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families Alumni Give HPU Tools Campus Concierge University Calendar IT Service Center HPU Libraries Faculty and Staff Resources Campus Enhancement Service Request Search Popular Searches Three Families Give HPU $100 Million Media Spotlight Shines on HPU During Historic Announcement 99% of HPU Graduates Are Employed or Furthering Their Education Within 180 Days 10 Lessons Apple Co-Founder and HPU Innovator in Residence Steve Wozniak Shared on the HPU Campus Office of the President News & Media Request Info Tour Apply Admissions Undergraduate Admission All students receive an extraordinary education in an inspiring environment with caring people. Graduate Admission Preparing professionals for the world as it is going to be. Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuitions & Fees admissions Financing Your Education Transfer Student Admission International Student Admission Admitted Students Find Your Counselor Admissions FAQ Office of Student Accounts Admissions Events Request More Information Academics Academic Programs HPU offers a multitude of support and accredited programs and experiential courses to provide the best education. Academic Services and Resources HPU has extraordinary services and resources that help guide you through your academic journey. Academic Programs Academic Services and Resources Congdon School of Health Sciences David R. Hayworth School of Arts and Design David S. Congdon School of Entrepreneurship Earl N. Phillips School of Business Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy Nido R. Qubein School of Communication Norcross Graduate School School of Humanities and Behavioral Sciences Kenneth F. Kahn School of Law School of Nursing School of Optometry Stout School of Education Wanek School of Natural Sciences Webb School of Engineering Workman School of Dental Medicine HPU Libraries Campus Life Housing & Residence Life High Point University offers a variety of housing options ranging from apartment style single rooms to double occupancy shared facilities for both upperclassmen and incoming first year students. Student Life We are committed to providing services that will strive to provide supportive aspects that will enhance the overall holistic student experience. Housing & Residence Life Student Life Campus Police and Security Career & Professional Development Counseling Services Club Sports Dining Fraternity and Sorority Life Information Technology International Students Diversity & Multicultural Affairs Performing and Visual Arts Religious Life Safety and Protection Technology Student Engagement Transportation and Parking Athletics About HPU Discover HPU Learn why HPU is ranked #1 Most Innovative and Best Regional Colleges South. Innovators Gain access to Steve Wozniak, Cynt Marshall, John Maxwell and more innovators and global leaders. Discover HPU Innovators University History Community Impact Gardens Mobile Apps National Board of Advisors Employment Opportunities Fellowships and Awards News and Media University Bookstore Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Visitor Information Discover More Study Abroad In High Point University Discover The Premier Life Skills University, High Point University. Ask a Question Visit See for yourself the #1 dorms in America. Schedule a Visit Apply You've found the perfect match at HPU. Let's begin. Apply Now Trending Now: HPU Featured on streaming series “The College Tour” Watch Now At High Point University, every student receives an extraordinary education in an inspiring environment with caring people. 0 % % The Premier Life Skills University Employment and continuing education rate. What Our Students Are Saying Doing View More Outcomes Class of 2023 Outcomes: Haley Stone Fuels Success at Sheetz Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Cam Labrecque Launches Mobile App Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Britney Male Grows at Truist Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Ireland Wayt Makes Her Way to Med School Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Spencer Panzo Tackles NFL Sales Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Lorenzo Botter Reaches New Heights Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Taylor Gray Goes for Master’s in Music City Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Emma Dalton Launches Career at Lexus Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Gabriella Costa Launches Legal Career Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Austin Vohra Develops Projects at Duke Energy Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Morgan Smith Makes Marketing Moves Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Kate McCarthy Markets for Visa Class of 2023 Class of 2023 Outcomes: Alex Bouvier Advances at Amazon Class of 2023 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Al Dean Jr. Studies Divinity Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Ryan Hesterman Launches Career Beyond Neuroscience Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Tiffany Selberg Takes on Sales at TikTok Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Alexandra Diehl Gets Promoted at Pomp Beauty Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Myles Brown Makes Moves in Leadership Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Teja Tops Accepts Analyst Position Class of 2022 Class of 2022 Outcomes: Dakota Tameling Finds a Future in Finance Class of 2022 Student Life Student Life Think about this: There are 168 hours in a week. You'll be in class approx. 20 of those. You'll be dedicating the rest to joining organizations, experiential learning and making new friends. Residence Life Fraternity & Sorority Life Student Activities Club Sports Student Organizations Visual and Performing Arts Explore all student life Live Here. Love it Here. When you know, you know. That's how you feel after you experience High Point University's incredible campus. Discover more about HPU What's Happening View all News View all events Events Mar 23, 2024 - High Point University’s March Open House Read more Events Jun 29, 2024 - High Point University’s June Open House Read more News HPU Poll: North Carolina Presidential and Gubernatorial Primaries Read More News HPU Gives $312,000 to Three Local Organizations Read More News HPU Dental School Provides Free Dental Care In Memory of Professor Read More Looking for our Graduate Programs? Our graduate programs are designed with the career professional in mind and courses are structured to suit your schedule. MSAT- Athletic Training PharmD- Doctor of Pharmacy MPAS- Physician Assistant Studies DPT- Doctor of Physical Therapy Doctor of Dental Medicine and Oral Health Doctor of Medical Science Masters of Biomedical Science MBA with Concentration in Healthcare Management Master of Arts in Communication and Business Leadership MBA- Business Administration EdD- Doctor of Educational Leadership MEd - Master of Education in Elementary Education MEd- Masters of Education in Educational Leadership MEd- Master of Education in Special Education MAT- Master of Arts in Teaching Elementary Education K-6 MHA- Master of Healthcare Administration View Our Graduate Programs Academic Innovation HPU is The Premier Life Skills University. Students receive extraordinary classroom education in tandem with experiences that can be applied to their future careers. Find your Major Business Administration (B.S.B.A) Media Production (B.A.) Nursing (B.S.N.) Game Design (B.A.) Academic Schools Academic Schools Congdon School of Health Sciences David R. Hayworth School of Arts and Design Earl N. Phillips School Of Business Fred Wilson School Of Pharmacy Nido R. Qubein School of Communication Norcross Graduate School Workman School of Dental Medicine & Oral Health School of Humanities and Behavioral Sciences School of Nursing Stout School of Education Wanek School of Natural Sciences Webb School of Engineering Project Discovery HPU's plan to help students explore majors and choose your path. Learn About Project Discovery Address One University Parkway High Point, NC 27268 (800) 345.6993 (336) 841.9000 Admissions Events Campus Map Employment Opportunities Faculty & Staff Directory Arboretum & Gardens Visitor Information Connect With Us Concierge Providing extraordinary service to HPU! Give Support an extraordinary education. Virtual Tour Rated Most Beautiful Campus, see why. HPU Tools Campus Concierge University Calendar IT Service Center HPU Libraries Privacy Policy Digital Accessibility Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families Alumni Copyright 2024 © High Point University