The Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation Skip to main content JOIN RENEW DONATE Main navigation Our Work Protecting Pollinators Conserving Endangered Species Reducing Pesticide Use & Impacts Advocating for Change Spreading the Word Our Services Get Involved Webinars Find an Event Sign the Pollinator Protection Pledge Join a Community Science Project Business Partnerships Job Opportunities Bids and RFPs Volunteer Give Donor & Membership Information Gift Center Planned Giving Donate through PayPal Giving Fundraise Donate Resources Publications Library Wings Magazine For Parents and Educators Learn about Invertebrates Species Profiles Pollinator Conservation Resource Center Milkweed Finder Native Plant, Seed and Services Directory News Press & Media Xerces Blog Bug Banter Podcast Social Media Xerces in the News Newsletter Signup About Contact & Staff About the Xerces Society Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Board & Consultants Annual Reports Corporate Supporters Our Funders Program Reports Frequently Asked Questions Search Search Western Monarch Count Tallies 233,394 Butterflies Volunteers and partners have been busy counting at 256 overwintering sites Learn More About the Count Isis Howard / Xerces Society Leave the Leaves For Wildlife Leaves, stems, brush, and soil are important winter habitat Learn How to Leave the Leaves Listen to Bug Banter Podcast Listen to new episodes wherever you get your podcasts Listen Now Photo: Sara Morris The Xerces Society The Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation is an international nonprofit organization that protects the natural world through the conservation of invertebrates and their habitats. As a science-based organization, we both conduct our own research and rely upon the most up-to-date information to guide our conservation work. Our key program areas are: pollinator conservation, endangered species conservation, and reducing pesticide use and impacts. Our Work We protect the natural world through the conservation of invertebrates and their habitats. We have three key program areas. Pollinator Conservation ProgramWe work with diverse partners to restore and expand habitat and further the science of pollinator conservation. Endangered Species ConservationEngaging in education, research, community science, and advocacy to protect at-risk species and their habitats. Reducing Pesticide Use & ImpactsReducing reliance on pesticides by supporting the diverse natural systems that reduce pest problems. Latest News Why We Don’t Accept Money from Pesticide or Oil Companies Stratford Elementary's First Graders Take a Stand for Tiger Beetles Protect Pollinators at Home: Alternatives to Herbicides Southern Plains Bumble Bee is One Step Closer to Federal Protection Middle School Students Plant Habitat at a Washington Orchard South School's Green Ambassadors Raise Awareness for Monarchs Latest News Why We Don’t Accept Money from Pesticide or Oil Companies Stratford Elementary's First Graders Take a Stand for Tiger Beetles Protect Pollinators at Home: Alternatives to Herbicides Online Gift Center In our gift center, you can find the perfect gifts for your nature loving friends and family. We have a number of wonderful books for sale, and a unique "Pollinator Habitat" garden sign. There are a number of excellent gifts and resources here to help you support conservation! Visit the Gift Center Features Bumble Bee Atlas Many species of bumble bees face an uncertain future. Through Xerces’ Bumble Bee Atlas program, volunteers gather essential information that will reveal where habitat protection and restoration is needed the most to save them before it's too late. Read more Become a Bee City USA Learn how your community can join a nationwide movement to protect pollinators by becoming a Bee City USA or Bee Campus USA. Read more Western Monarch Count The Western Monarch Count is an annual effort of volunteer community scientists to collect data on the status of the western monarch population along the Pacific coast during the overwintering season, which occurs from approximately October through March. Read more Become a Member Your support directly funds invertebrate conservation, advocacy, applied research, outreach, and education. Become a member or make a one-time donation to help us protect invertebrates and their habitats. Members receive our biannual publication Wings, as well as updates on the latest invertebrate conservation news. Join Renew Sharing Scientific Knowledge The Xerces Society produces dozens of publications annually, all of which employ the best available research to guide effective conservation efforts. Search Our Publications Get Involved There are many ways to support "the little things that run the world." Get started with a community science project, create pollinator habitat, or learn how to protect invertebrates and ecosystems from pesticides. Bring Back the Pollinators Read more Volunteer Read more Rethink Pesticides Read more Act on Climate Read more Grow Milkweed Read more Develop Pollinator Habitat Read more Community Science Read more More Ways to Help Read more PROGRAMS Pollinator Conservation Endangered Species Conservation Pesticide Reduction & Alternatives Resources Press & Media Xerces Blog Publications Library Support the Xerces Society Site Map Connect With Us Sign up for our email newsletter to receive updates about our programs & events. Submit follow us @xercessociety © 2006-2024 The Xerces SocietyTel: (855) 232-6639Main Office Mailing Address: 1631 NE Broadway Street, #821 Portland, OR 97232 USA • Mailing Address for Donations: P.O. Box 97387, Washington, D.C. 20090-7387Privacy Policy • Terms of Use