WEBTOON - Read Comics, Manga & Manhwa skip content WEBTOON WEBTOON SHOP Creators 101 Publish Log In Close the Login window Search Search by Series Title or Creator Search Delete | Close MENU ORIGINALS GENRES POPULAR CANVAS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . MON TUE WED THU FRI SAT SUN MORE MON WEBTOONS Cursed Princess Club like23.7M Comedy Cursed Princess Club LambCat Meet Gwendolyn – living proof that princesses don’t always have it all. See, although she lives in a castle and her father is the King, Gwendolyn isn’t like a movie princess, or even a fairly-tale princess. She’s got a big heart, but isn’t particularly attractive and doesn’t have a Disney-quality singing voice. But one night, she accidentally stumbles upon the twisted world of the Cursed Princess Club, and her life will never be the same. Hexed and cast out, the ladies of the club are just the people Gwendolyn needs to show her that just because she doesn’t “fit the mold” does not mean she’s any less of a princess. I’m the Queen in This Life like5.5M Fantasy I’m the Queen in This Life Themis / Omin The Etruscan Kingdom is stained with blood when the king’s illegitimate son Cesare conspires with his fiancée Ariadne to usurp the throne from his half-brother Alfonso. Despite Ariadne’s devotion to the new king, her faith is shattered when she is betrayed by him and eventually murdered by her own sister, who wishes to be queen. To her surprise, Ariadne finds herself sent back in time to her 17-year-old self. As she navigates the perils and opportunities of palace intrigue, Ariadne must make the most of her guile and grit to ensure that her tragic future does not repeat itself. To The Stars and Back like9.8M HIATUS Slice of life To The Stars and Back Peglo Introverted and grumpy, 20-year-old Kang Dae spends the majority of his time alone, and he prefers it this way. One day, he gets a very friendly and bubbly neighbor named Bo Seon. Suddenly, his life takes a very different turn. Morgana and Oz like7.2M Fantasy Morgana and Oz Miyuli What happens when a struggling witch meets an angsty vampire? Either love or war. Morgana belongs to a long line of witches, and Oz to the rival vampire clan. After a chance encounter… and maybe a few stray spells… these two need to find a way to work together, or risk all-out war between coven and clan. SubZero like25.9M Romance SubZero Junepurrr What would you sacrifice to save your family? How far would you go to protect your people? For Clove, the last princess of a near-extinct Dragon clan, the answer is the unthinkable: MARRY your greatest sworn enemy in an effort to bring peace to your land. The Reborn Young Lord is an Assassin Cyan Vert, illegitimate son of the Duke and the empire's greatest assassin, is betrayed by the righteous brother whose shadow he's always lived in. But just before the fatal blow strikes his throat, Cyan awakes to find he's just a boy again. The young lord has been reborn, and this time, he's not going to live in anyone's shadow! like29,954 Fantasy The Reborn Young Lord is an Assassin SWING BAT / CoffeeLime Cyan Vert, illegitimate son of the Duke and the empire's greatest assassin, is betrayed by the righteous brother whose shadow he's always lived in. But just before the fatal blow strikes his throat, Cyan awakes to find he's just a boy again. The young lord has been reborn, and this time, he's not going to live in anyone's shadow! Ten Ways to Get Dumped by a Tyrant like763,518 Fantasy Ten Ways to Get Dumped by a Tyrant danmyeong / mapzzil Scarlett Arman is no ordinary lady, not just because she’s engaged to the emperor. Newly reincarnated as a character in a fantasy novel, Scarlett knows she is supposed to die a horrible death at the hands of her fiancé, Charleon Kalior. Determined to escape her fate, Scarlett decides to make Charleon break off the engagement... But why does he keep wanting to spend time with her?! The Lazy Lord Masters the Sword like3.9M Fantasy The Lazy Lord Masters the Sword Dodomoon / doip After witnessing the shocking death of his mother, young Airen Farreira uses sleep to escape his painful reality, earning him the nickname, “the lazy lord”. Yet, in spite of others’ jeers and whispers, Airen has no intention of changing his ways. But when he awakens one day from a dream about a mysterious swordsman, his life’s trajectory takes a complete turn... FLOAT like782,827 Romance FLOAT Cj Joaquin / Kate Marchant Amidst the chaos of her parents’ bitter divorce, Alaskan teenager Waverly Lyons trades in her textbooks and parka for a summer of suntans and short-shorts with her aunt in Florida. A fish out of water even back in the snow, Waverly is determined to be everything she isn’t back home: cool, fun, dare she even say part of a group? There’s just one problem. She doesn’t know how to swim. Enter Blake—the super-tan, super-hot, super-arrogant boy next door who seems to hate her guts. When he discovers her secret, Waverly is positive that her perfect summer is perfectly over. But then Blake does the unthinkable. He offers to teach her. Down To Earth Kade lives his average life alone and undisturbed... until a cute alien girl crashes into his backyard! By opening up his home, will this other worldly girl inadvertently open up his heart? like22.5M UP Romance Down To Earth Pookie Senpai Kade lives his average life alone and undisturbed... until a cute alien girl crashes into his backyard! By opening up his home, will this other worldly girl inadvertently open up his heart? The Mafia Nanny like1.3M UP Romance The Mafia Nanny sh00 / Violet Matter Being an Elite Nanny is simple: protect the charge, obey the principle, and don’t get emotionally attached. Easier said than done when Davina’s first client is a dangerously compelling Venetian underboss who’s determined to get under her skin. What he wants from her, she can’t imagine, but Gabriel Angelini drags her back into the glittering world of organized crime she thought she’d left behind forever. She might get answers about her past if she digs deep enough, but can she protect Mikey from his father’s ambitions and keep her heart from getting tangled up in their treacherous web? Not Your Typical Reincarnation Story like1.9M UP Romance Not Your Typical Reincarnation Story Lemon Frog / A-jin Not all villains are evil. When Suna Choi reincarnates as Edith Rigelhof, the villain from her favorite novel, she is determined to change Edith’s life around and treats everyone with kindness. Although she marries the handsome Killian Rudwick, he is madly in love with the original protagonist of the book and mistrusts Edith because she is from a rival family. Will her marriage survive the whirlwind of family feuds, love triangles, and more? Will Edith find her happy ending? Boyfriends. like24.2M HIATUS Slice of life Boyfriends. refrainbow A comic about getting yourself a boyfriend... or multiple boyfriends! Four college students begin a polyamorous relationship and navigate the adventure that is their dating life! The Tyrant Wants to Be Good like3.5M UP Fantasy The Tyrant Wants to Be Good Ramguel / KAKON Nothing was ever handed to Dorothea Millanaire. No attention, no love, no power. So she decided to take them for herself… with her sword! She accepts her fate when she is executed for being a bloodthirsty tyrant, only to wake up... as a child?! This is her second chance. She must not repeat history. She must be good. Omniscient Reader like28.1M UP Action Omniscient Reader singNsong / UMI Dokja was an average office worker whose sole interest was reading his favorite web novel 'Three Ways to Survive the Apocalypse.' But when the novel suddenly becomes reality, he is the only person who knows how the world will end. Armed with this realization, Dokja uses his understanding to change the course of the story, and the world, as he knows it. Eleceed like27M UP Action Eleceed Jeho Son / ZHENA Jiwoo is a kind-hearted young man who harnesses the lightning quick reflexes of a cat to secretly make the world a better place – one saved little child or foster pet at a time. Kayden is a secret agent on the run, who finds himself stuck in the body of a…um…decidedly fat old fluffy cat. Together, armed with Jiwoo’s super powers and Kayden’s uber-smarts, they’re out to fight those forces who would let evil rule this world. That is, if they can stand each other long enough to get the job done. Muse on Fame like2.6M UP Drama Muse on Fame SOOJIN “I’m an unknown actress who cleans houses as a side gig. Ironically, my name means fame.” Struggling actress Myeong stumbles upon a photo exhibition filled with photos of her younger self, when she was filled with hope. Can she become a star as this mysterious photographer’s muse? Villain to Kill like7M UP Action Villain to Kill Fupin / Eunji There are two kinds of people with special abilities: villains, who are driven by their evil desires, and psykers, who pursue justice and work against villains. Cassian Lee is a very powerful psyker with a good heart. But one day, when he visits his friend in Greece, things take a wrong turn. Following an unexpected chain of events, Cassian ends up in the body of a Korean high school boy... who has just become a villain! Will his sense of justice win in the end or will he end up becoming a cold-blooded villain? The Dragon King’s Bride like2.5M Romance The Dragon King’s Bride SOY MEDIA / Kanghee Jamae Ten years ago, a young girl saved the life of a dragon. Little did they know that they would be brought together again by the vicissitudes of fate, when Lucina’s family estate is invaded by the fearsome Tayar nation led by King Hakan. After Lucina’s selfish stepmother offers her up as a bride to Hakan in exchange for their lives, Lucina realizes that she is now fated to journey to the arid kingdom of Tayar and marry its seemingly brutish king. Will fate lead the unlikely pair to ruin or romance? School Bus Graveyard like6.2M Thriller School Bus Graveyard Red Ashlyn is a loner in high school with no friends. But when a fateful visit to a haunted house causes her and her classmates to see monsters at night, she'll be forced to forge bonds to survive. Teenage Mercenary like12.7M Action Teenage Mercenary YC / Rakyeon At the age of eight, Ijin Yu lost his parents in a plane crash and became stranded in a foreign land, forced to become a child mercenary in order to stay alive. He returns home ten years later to be reunited with his family in Korea, where food and shelter are plenty and everything seems peaceful. But Ijin will soon learn that life as a teenager is a whole other feat of survival. With only one year of high school left, Ijin must master new tactics to maneuver his way around the schoolhouse battleground. Can he survive a year of high school? Or rather, will the school be able to survive him? Hello Baby like3.3M Romance Hello Baby Enjelicious Gwen, apprehensive and disheartened, spends a one-night affair with a playful stranger, Arthur. After nearly 2 years pass, Gwen and Arthur cross paths again - this time fighting over their child's custody. Is it possible to settle this battle amicably, or will Gwen find herself desolate once again? The D!ckheads like637,740 Romance The D!ckheads GummyBunni After being bullied at her old school, Eliana decides to move to the small town of Oaksdale to start fresh. There she befriends Football Captain and most popular boy at school, Levi, as well as lone-wolf and outcast, Marco. She's finally got the friends she always wanted, but what will she do when she finds out they hate each other? Jungle Juice like8M Action Jungle Juice Hyeong Eun / JUDER Suchan Jang is an extraordinary college student at the top of the social food chain. But underneath the perfect facade, he hides a pair of insect wings that suddenly grew when he used a mysterious bug spray called "Jungle Juice.” Suchan's life crumbles when he bares his wings to the world to save someone's life. When all hope seems lost, Suchan stumbles upon a hidden world of insect humans where everyone is accepted for what they are. But the law of the jungle governs this secret society and all must fend for themselves in order to survive. Clinic of Horrors like7.5M Supernatural Clinic of Horrors Merryweather / PokuriMio In a strange city, there is a clinic that will treat the victims of horrific diseases. For a price. Daybreak like7.8M Slice of life Daybreak Moosopp Marcus has a crush, and Cog is completely unprepared for the hijinks that follow. Hopefully in their efforts to grow closer, they can brighten each other's day. The Seductive Wife This series contains themes regarding domestic abuse, sexual content and themes that may not be suitable for all readers. Viewer discretion is advised. Some marry for love, and some marry for convenience. In Ijae’s case, she marries Yuheon, the son of a business tycoon, to save her family after her father ends up in deep debt. Even though their marriage is contractual, Ijae feels an intense attraction for the cold and calculating Yuheon. Every night in her dreams, she imagines what it would be like to make love with him… until one day, the two end up actually sharing a passionate night together. But will their physical chemistry be enough to build a genuine connection? Or will Ijae remain a pawn in Yuheon’s game? like122,135 Drama The Seductive Wife Yoon Soda / RedpeachStudio This series contains themes regarding domestic abuse, sexual content and themes that may not be suitable for all readers. Viewer discretion is advised. Some marry for love, and some marry for convenience. In Ijae’s case, she marries Yuheon, the son of a business tycoon, to save her family after her father ends up in deep debt. Even though their marriage is contractual, Ijae feels an intense attraction for the cold and calculating Yuheon. Every night in her dreams, she imagines what it would be like to make love with him… until one day, the two end up actually sharing a passionate night together. But will their physical chemistry be enough to build a genuine connection? Or will Ijae remain a pawn in Yuheon’s game? unOrdinary Nobody paid much attention to John – just a normal teenager at a high school where the social elite happen to possess unthinkable powers and abilities. But John’s got a secret past that threatens to bring down the school’s whole social order – and much more. Fulfilling his destiny won’t be easy though, because there are battles, frenemies and deadly conspiracies around every corner. like63M Superhero unOrdinary uru-chan Nobody paid much attention to John – just a normal teenager at a high school where the social elite happen to possess unthinkable powers and abilities. But John’s got a secret past that threatens to bring down the school’s whole social order – and much more. Fulfilling his destiny won’t be easy though, because there are battles, frenemies and deadly conspiracies around every corner. Eaternal Nocturnal like8.5M Romance Eaternal Nocturnal instantmiso The man of her dreams does exist… too bad she can’t fall asleep. When Eve is visited one night by a mysterious apparition, she finds that her chronic insomnia is miraculously cured. Meanwhile Dae, the dream eater, finds himself unexpectedly and unwillingly drawn to Eve. This can either be a dream come true or their worst nightmare. I Am the Villain like2.5M Romance I Am the Villain Sejji Working hard is supposed to take you far - but into the world of your best friend's novel? For Lucy, being whisked into a life of ballrooms and picnics isn't exactly what it's cracked up to be; at least, not when everyone has mistaken her for the villain flagged for death. To escape this fate, Lucy must transform from modern workaholic to high society schemer if she even has a chance at returning home. Will she make it? Or will this world of beautiful outfits, strawberry desserts, and dashingly handsome gentlemen seal her fate? To The Stars and Back like9.8M HIATUS Slice of life To The Stars and Back Peglo Introverted and grumpy, 20-year-old Kang Dae spends the majority of his time alone, and he prefers it this way. One day, he gets a very friendly and bubbly neighbor named Bo Seon. Suddenly, his life takes a very different turn. High Class Homos like9.8M Comedy High Class Homos Momozerii Princess Sapphia of Mytilene is not into princes. So, when her parents start putting the heat on her to get hitched, she enlists the help of her equally gay best friend, Prince August of Phthia. But will these two royals be able to pull off a convincing sham marriage? More importantly, will Sapphia ever land a date with the castle maids? Follow these high class homos as they navigate life, love, and (occasionally) their actual jobs. The Greatest Estate Developer like6.9M Fantasy The Greatest Estate Developer Lee hyunmin / Kim Hyunsoo When civil engineering student Suho Kim falls asleep reading a fantasy novel, he wakes up as a character in the book! Suho is now in the body of Lloyd Frontera, a lazy noble who loves to drink, and whose family is in a mountain of debt. Using his engineering knowledge, Suho designs inventions to avert the terrible future that lies in wait for him. With the help of a giant hamster, a knight, and the world’s magic, can Suho dig his new family out of debt and build a better future? Baby Tyrant like1.5M Fantasy Baby Tyrant Lee huin / Awon Gyeoul Yoon is no stranger to tragedy, having lost everything -- even her life -- because of her good-for-nothing father. When she reawakens after death, Gyeoul finds herself in the body of a newborn baby -- she is now Princess Mabel of the powerful Ermaneau Empire! With her doting new family and the empire’s might at her disposal, Mabel has everything she’s ever wanted. Upon learning that she’s the subject of a prophecy with the world’s salvation at stake, Mabel quickly realizes that there are people who will stop at nothing to destroy her newfound peace. Mythic Item Obtained like2.3M Fantasy Mythic Item Obtained Jung seonyul / Hess In a world where technology and magic are almost indistinguishable from one another, monsters and creatures of myth and legend reign terror upon mankind. In humanity’s darkest moment, individuals with special god-like powers emerge to save the day. They are — the Awakened. Meet Jaehyeon, a feeble Awakened human Raider, who struggles to make ends meet until one day a series of confounding events allow him to claim a powerful item that will change the course of history forever… Unlovable Replacement like8.8M HIATUS Romance Unlovable Replacement Nylana When his relationship went down the drain, Chiko Dyer started to develop a weird relationship with a local delivery girl. Operation: True Love like12.7M HIATUS Romance Operation: True Love kkokkalee / Dledumb It’s hard dating someone who won’t give you the time of day. Su-ae Shim knows that better than anyone, having dated her indifferent boyfriend, Minu Kang, for years. She sometimes wishes she could be more like her charismatic stepsister, Ra-im, who seems to have it all. But life takes a turn for the weird when Su-ae discovers Jellypop, a sentient flip phone, in her locker. Jellypop has a lot to say about her love life, especially as Su-ae drifts further away from Minu and finds herself running into Minu’s friend, Eunhyeok. Add to the mix a growing suspicion that Minu and Ra-im might be more than friends, and Su-ae might need a miracle to navigate the ups and downs of high school romance! Suitor Armor Lady-in-waiting, Lucia believes getting through the royal wedding will be the toughest part of her new life. That is until she finds herself falling head over heels with Modeus, an up-and-coming knight to the king's guard. With her newfound interest, she is quickly awakened to the mysteries of the kingdom when she learns Modeus is in fact an enchanted suit of armor without a soul. Could there be more to him than just shining armor? like11.6M Fantasy Suitor Armor Purpah Lady-in-waiting, Lucia believes getting through the royal wedding will be the toughest part of her new life. That is until she finds herself falling head over heels with Modeus, an up-and-coming knight to the king's guard. With her newfound interest, she is quickly awakened to the mysteries of the kingdom when she learns Modeus is in fact an enchanted suit of armor without a soul. Could there be more to him than just shining armor? The Age of Arrogance like1M Fantasy The Age of Arrogance SOY MEDIA / Hansol After winning a long war, Asha Pervaz is expecting the emperor to compensate her with money. Unlike her expectations though, the emperor asks Asha to choose her own husband from a list of nobles. Asha chooses Duke Carlisle Haven, the emperor’s eldest son and former crown prince. Asha expects him to object and pay an alimony instead, but the duke actually agrees to marry her! He even promises to help Asha rebuild Pervaz. What does the duke really want? And will Asha get what she wants without getting embroiled in the growing royal conspiracy? The Guy Upstairs like4.4M Thriller The Guy Upstairs Hanza Art Rozy finds her neighbor, the guy who lives upstairs a little bit too suspicious. Villain with a Crush like3.6M Romance Villain with a Crush seyoon Dumped after confessing to her first crush of three years, Rosa Park falls for her second when the nation’s favorite Superpowered Police Officer, Doryeong Han, swoops in to save her as she’s plummeting from a toppling building. A few years later, a mysterious villain called Blackdog appears, but Doryeong notices something is not quite right. Will the world’s worst villain ever win the heart of the strongest hero in the country? Nevermore like4.7M Supernatural Nevermore Kate Flynn / Kit Trace There is nothing definitive about life after death, except the involuntary enrollment at the mysterious Nevermore Academy. Now Lenore and Annabel Lee must begin their curriculum to recover the memories of their tragic demise. Between the Dean's macabre demeanor and the tell-tale dangers of Final Exams, both girls must learn to rely on one another and their newly acquired ghost forms, or Spectres, to not only graduate from the academy… but to earn a second chance at life. I Love Yoo like38.1M HIATUS Drama I Love Yoo Quimchee Dogged by pain and misfortune from the very beginning, Shin-Ae decides she wants nothing to do with people nor anything to do with romance. Although content with her unsocial, boring, loveless existence, her lifestyle is challenged after she ruins an unsuspecting strangers' clothes. Bailin and Li Yun like496,470 UP Romance Bailin and Li Yun Jayessart Dr. Li Yun is doing research in the arctic when he meets a strange, injured creature named Bailin. Discovering a mythical species might be the dream of every scientist, but will Bailin be a bit too much to handle? The arctic has never felt so warm. Who Stole the Empress? like757,120 Romance Who Stole the Empress? Lee jihye / Muhly As Empress, Roselyn was beloved by all… except her husband, who plots with his mistress to oust the beautiful and sagacious consort. Now she finds herself left to die alone in the icy mountains, with everyone she loves dead or imprisoned. Just as she is about to accept this tragic fate, an old adversary finds her and steals her away… What could this rugged, young general possibly have in store for the fallen Empress of Thanatos? A Spell for a Smith like138,395 Fantasy A Spell for a Smith ArtSasquatch A shy witch in her quiet forest cottage. A surly dwarf in his blacksmith's forge. Both seeking solace in their respective refuge, but both aching for more. Though drawn to each other's kindness, they can't deny the gentle chemistry simmering beneath their every interaction... just as their secrets do. This series contains themes regarding anxiety, mental health, and self-harm that may not be suitable for all readers. Viewer discretion is advised. If you or someone you know is struggling or in crisis, please reach out for help at Crisis Text Line (http://crisistextline.org/). The Kiss Bet like15M Romance The Kiss Bet Ingrid Ochoa It’s senior year and Sara Lin just turned 18. She’s got great friends, a cool Dad (or so he thinks) and a whole lot ahead of her. The last thing she needs is to worry about having her first kiss. But that’s all about to change because her good pal Patrick just challenged her to a bet that will either lead to love, heartbreak or embarrassment…or maybe all three. I Thought My Time Was Up! like3.1M Romance I Thought My Time Was Up! Essie / Hyeyong Feeling a little under the weather, Lariette Blanche visits Doctor Zakascoff only to find out that she has an extremely rare congenital disease, and only three months left to live. Though devastated at first, Lariette decides to write up a bucket list of everything she wants to do before she dies. However, little did she know that the diagnosis was actually wrong! With so many changes implemented in her life already, what will Lariette do moving forward? Will she return to her previous life, or continue living the new one, full of adventures she had never imagined before? For My Derelict Favorite like4M Romance For My Derelict Favorite Kim Seonyu / Ryuho What happens after the story ends with a “happily ever after”? When Hestia enters her favorite novel as a side character, she happily fangirls from the sidelines. Thinking she’ll return home when the story reaches its end, Hestia finds that the only thing awaiting her is the tragic death of her favorite character. Now miraculously restored to the day of the ending, Hestia decides that she’ll no longer spectate from the sidelines – instead, she’ll save her derelict favorite! Swolemates like1.9M Comedy Swolemates LummyPix When the cocky, social-media star Braydin, and the nerdy, gamer Alex first meet at the gym, their relationship starts off on the wrong foot. But, as they're forced to work together they find out they might have more in common than they initially thought. Also they get buff AF. Clinic of Horrors like7.5M Supernatural Clinic of Horrors Merryweather / PokuriMio In a strange city, there is a clinic that will treat the victims of horrific diseases. For a price. Daybreak like7.8M Slice of life Daybreak Moosopp Marcus has a crush, and Cog is completely unprepared for the hijinks that follow. Hopefully in their efforts to grow closer, they can brighten each other's day. Doom Breaker like5.4M Action Doom Breaker Blue-Deep Zephyr is the last human fighting evil in a world abandoned by the gods. When he is killed in battle by Tartarus, the god of destruction, all hope for humanity seems lost. But Zephyr’s fate is not sealed -- the gods who find his battles entertaining have gifted him a second chance at life, as he is sent ten years into the past, back to when he was a slave instead of the most powerful human alive. Can Zephyr get his revenge against Tartarus and save the woman he loves, or is he doomed to repeat the past? Bugtopia A spider Mom and her ladybug son? A beetle power couple? A butterfly pop star? A wasp knight and a bee princess? In a world so large for these tiny bugs, anything is possible! Find out who you’ll meet, learn what secrets they all hold and enjoy your stay in this little kingdom called Bugtopia. like486,163 Slice of life Bugtopia Idolomantises A spider Mom and her ladybug son? A beetle power couple? A butterfly pop star? A wasp knight and a bee princess? In a world so large for these tiny bugs, anything is possible! Find out who you’ll meet, learn what secrets they all hold and enjoy your stay in this little kingdom called Bugtopia. Lore Olympus like69.1M Romance Lore Olympus Rachel Smythe Witness what the gods do…after dark. The friendships and the lies, the gossip and the wild parties, and of course, forbidden love. Because it turns out, the gods aren’t so different from us after all, especially when it comes to their problems. Stylish and immersive, this is one of mythology’s greatest stories -- The Taking of Persephone -- as it’s never been told before. The Remarried Empress like34.3M Fantasy The Remarried Empress Alphatart / Sumpul Navier Ellie Trovi was an empress perfect in every way -- intelligent, courageous, and socially adept. She was kind to her subjects and devoted to her husband. Navier was perfectly content to live the rest of her days as the wise empress of the Eastern Empire. That is, until her husband brought home a mistress and demanded a divorce. “I accept this divorce… And I request an approval of my remarriage.” In a shocking twist, Navier remarries another emperor and retains her title and childhood dream as empress. But just how did everything unfold? My In-Laws are Obsessed with Me like9.5M Fantasy My In-Laws are Obsessed with Me seungu / Han Yoon seol Pereshati Jahardt is a count's daughter who got remarried after her mother’s passing. When her father died, he left her all his fortune. Then, Pereshati's greedy stepmother and stepsister conspire with Pereshati's lover to kill her. However, under mysterious circumstances, Pereshati is brought back to life and travels back in time before her murder. To buy some time before getting her revenge, Pereshati visits the handsome yet notorious grand duke, Therdeo Lapileon, to marry him. During her visit, she uncovers a horrifying secret of his family. How will Pereshati deal with it? Will she be able to take her revenge? Castle Swimmer like25.5M HIATUS Fantasy Castle Swimmer Wendy Lian Martin What happens when your entire life is ruled by a prophecy – your future foretold by people you’ve never met, who died long before you were born. Such is the story of two young sea creatures. One believed to be a guiding light for his people, a Beacon who will lead them to a bright, prosperous future. The other is a teenage prince for who’s destiny is to KILL the Beacon so that HIS own people might thrive. When both reject the course set for them, it leads to a raucous adventure as big and unpredictable as the ocean itself – and a romance that nobody could have predicted. High Class Homos like9.8M Comedy High Class Homos Momozerii Princess Sapphia of Mytilene is not into princes. So, when her parents start putting the heat on her to get hitched, she enlists the help of her equally gay best friend, Prince August of Phthia. But will these two royals be able to pull off a convincing sham marriage? More importantly, will Sapphia ever land a date with the castle maids? Follow these high class homos as they navigate life, love, and (occasionally) their actual jobs. Obsidian Bride For all her life, poor Lueri has been hanging by a thread, and the situation doesn't get any better when she is forced into an unwelcome marriage. But by miracle or design, a magical invitation presents her with a way of escaping her loveless life -- by joining the empire’s Jewel Box. There, among the brilliant gemstones, she finds help in the unlikeliest of places, friends from the unlikeliest of crowds, and perhaps, something she’s been desperately yearning for until now -- true love. like402,799 Romance Obsidian Bride V0RA / Chung purm For all her life, poor Lueri has been hanging by a thread, and the situation doesn't get any better when she is forced into an unwelcome marriage. But by miracle or design, a magical invitation presents her with a way of escaping her loveless life -- by joining the empire’s Jewel Box. There, among the brilliant gemstones, she finds help in the unlikeliest of places, friends from the unlikeliest of crowds, and perhaps, something she’s been desperately yearning for until now -- true love. From a Knight to a Lady like6.8M Fantasy From a Knight to a Lady Ink. / Hyerim Sung Estelle meets her untimely death as a valiant knight of the Kingdom of Ersha. But death is not the end for Estelle -- three years after her demise, she finds herself reincarnated in the body of Lucifela Aydin, the spoiled and cold-hearted daughter of a count in the Empire of Jansgar. To her dismay, she finds that her country fell to Jansgar years ago, and that she is now betrothed to Zedekiah Heint, the son of a duke and her adversary in her previous life. Can Estelle discover the truth behind her death while attempting to navigate her new life as Lucifela? Boundless Ascension like1.1M Action Boundless Ascension 2love (REDICE STUDIO) / SHYATAN (REDICE STUDIO) Seong-yun Han was just a boy when his parents were killed by monsters unleashed during a mysterious calamity called the “Dungeon Break.” Seven years later, Seong-yun is devastated to find that his grinding efforts to become a Hunter, fierce warriors who seek out and destroy monsters, are entirely in vain, as his fighting attributes have not increased at all. Seong-yun’s world flips on a dime when he accepts an invitation to join the Tower of Trials, an otherworldly realm where challengers must overcome trials that pit them against monsters and humans alike. After School Lessons for Unripe Apples like5.7M HIATUS Drama After School Lessons for Unripe Apples Soonkki Mi-ae is just a normal middle school girl trying to survive school. She likes reading comics, the pop group “The Fire Boys”, and karaoke. One day, a boy she used to know transfers to her school and begins to stir up trouble. No matter what she does, it seems he just doesn’t appreciate her efforts to get to know him. What’s up with that? New to WEBTOON Diving Into Love like34,209 NEWEND Romance Diving Into Love ILGONG When her father tries to force her into financial independence and out of her bed, Taepyeong accidentally runs into a man who can… turn into a fish?! To make matters more complicated, a cunning hotel president plots to take away her seafood restaurant. Now, Taepyeong has to find a way to save her restaurant and her love life all at the same time! The Scarlet Telkemist like34,046 NEW Fantasy The Scarlet Telkemist Chamileon Hell bent on avenging those he’s lost, Valerian vows to hunt down the Scarlet Telkemist, leader of illicit blood-magic users called vourdaks. But when Alesya, a dead girl from his past, turns up alive and amnesiac, he realizes the vourdaks’ secrets run deeper than he'd imagined. Can Alesya be the key to helping Valerian capture the Scarlet Telkemist once and for all, or will she bring his undoing? The Silent Warrior like30,254 NEWUP Action The Silent Warrior Team Maetgamari / A-Nomad "Face your destiny." In the alternate realm of the Otherworld—filled with creatures and Earth's catastrophes—an ancient warrior, a human summoned long ago into the realm, is determined to bring it all to an end. Fueled by the resentment of an unknown past, this journey unravels hidden identities, embarks on undercover missions, faces death trials, navigates through betrayals, and wades through bloodbaths. What do the shadows conceal, and what destiny awaits in the heart of the unknown? This series contains graphic depictions of extreme violence, body horror, and disturbing imagery. Viewer discretion is advised. Back From Black Zak, the greatest assassin to ever live, gets betrayed and killed, only to wake up two centuries later in a bioengineered body. Having been unable to save his wife and keep his promise to her, Zak uses his new body, and the Nano-technology hidden within, to navigate through a new futuristic age of assassins and seek out the ones responsible for his tragedy. like25,612 NEW Action Back From Black GOXTOON / M3 Zak, the greatest assassin to ever live, gets betrayed and killed, only to wake up two centuries later in a bioengineered body. Having been unable to save his wife and keep his promise to her, Zak uses his new body, and the Nano-technology hidden within, to navigate through a new futuristic age of assassins and seek out the ones responsible for his tragedy. Paranoid Mage like33,785 NEWUP Action Paranoid Mage InadvisablyCompelled / Kisai Entertainment Callum has seen strange things all his life - monsters, beasts, and mages secretly living among people. But even after awakening his portal magic, Callum has no desire to be any part of it. The Guild of Arcane Regulation demands fealty, education, and service of every new mage. To hell with that. If they want Callum, they'll have to catch him first. Memorial like30,963 NEW Thriller Memorial sangC In a future where the world has been devastated by a deadly gas called Izpo, Minhui and his friends find themselves embroiled in a thick conspiracy — where the stakes are high, and bets are made with one’s life. Only the Memorial Chips guard humanity against the lethal gas that permeates the atmosphere. But are these electronic securities truly built to guard us — or watch us? Follow Minhui as he examines what reality is, and comes face-to-face with the truth that will change him forever. The Reborn Young Lord is an Assassin like29,945 NEW Fantasy The Reborn Young Lord is an Assassin SWING BAT / CoffeeLime Cyan Vert, illegitimate son of the Duke and the empire's greatest assassin, is betrayed by the righteous brother whose shadow he's always lived in. But just before the fatal blow strikes his throat, Cyan awakes to find he's just a boy again. The young lord has been reborn, and this time, he's not going to live in anyone's shadow! The Seductive Wife This series contains themes regarding domestic abuse, sexual content and themes that may not be suitable for all readers. Viewer discretion is advised. Some marry for love, and some marry for convenience. In Ijae’s case, she marries Yuheon, the son of a business tycoon, to save her family after her father ends up in deep debt. Even though their marriage is contractual, Ijae feels an intense attraction for the cold and calculating Yuheon. Every night in her dreams, she imagines what it would be like to make love with him… until one day, the two end up actually sharing a passionate night together. But will their physical chemistry be enough to build a genuine connection? Or will Ijae remain a pawn in Yuheon’s game? like122,132 NEW Drama The Seductive Wife Yoon Soda / RedpeachStudio This series contains themes regarding domestic abuse, sexual content and themes that may not be suitable for all readers. Viewer discretion is advised. Some marry for love, and some marry for convenience. In Ijae’s case, she marries Yuheon, the son of a business tycoon, to save her family after her father ends up in deep debt. Even though their marriage is contractual, Ijae feels an intense attraction for the cold and calculating Yuheon. Every night in her dreams, she imagines what it would be like to make love with him… until one day, the two end up actually sharing a passionate night together. But will their physical chemistry be enough to build a genuine connection? Or will Ijae remain a pawn in Yuheon’s game? prev next GENRES New & Trending > 1 Fantasy A Spell for a Smith ArtSasquatch 2 Drama The Price Is Your Everything Gones / Haco 3 Fantasy The Reborn Young Lord is an Assassin SWING BAT / CoffeeLime 4 Comedy Stalker x Stalker Merryweather 5 Drama The Seductive Wife Yoon Soda / RedpeachStudio No available series yet.Please check back later. ORIGINALS by Genre > ALL (selected) ALL (selected) ACTION ROMANCE FANTASY DRAMA COMEDY THRILLER SLICE OF LIFE SUPERNATURAL SCI-FI HORROR Others 1 Romance Lore Olympus Rachel Smythe 2 Fantasy The Remarried Empress Alphatart / Sumpul 3 Superhero unOrdinary uru-chan 4 Romance The Dragon King’s Bride SOY MEDIA / Kanghee Jamae 5 Romance Down To Earth Pookie Senpai No available series yet.Please check back later. WEBTOON CANVAS Have a story to tell?Share it on WEBTOON CANVAS. Find everything you need to get it published. Find out more The Caffeine of Love nalilivi The lemon club anchobite Fave Comic SPECIALFAVORITE The Raven Who Dared To Wonder Why sgrim_artz Garden of Tales lorphis M is for Murder Brianna June Catnip OsakaAmaru Conjured Cutie ZombieTeddie Ballad of the Tyrants here.comes.thetaco Phantomarine Claire K. Niebergall WEBTOON Download WEBTOON now! GET IT on Google Play Download on the App Store facebook instagram twitter youtube About | Feedback | Help | Terms | Privacy | Personal Data | Advertise | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Contact | English 中文 (繁體) ภาษาไทย Indonesia Español Français Deutsch ⓒ NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. WEBTOON