Boat Owner's Association of The United States | BoatUS Skip Links Membership Search Service Locator Get a Quote Become a Member Renew Membership Products & Services BoatUS Magazine I Want To Get a Boat Insurance Quote Find an On-Water Training Course Donate my Boat Become a Member Renew Membership Upgrade Towing Services File a Boat Insurance Claim Geico/BoatUS Membership Login Design Boat Lettering Apply for a Boat Loan MMSI Account & Registration Shop BoatUS Logo Items Take a Free Online Safety Course Download BoatUS App Boat Insurance Membership Boat Towing Boat Lettering Boat Loans BoatUS App BoatUS Foundation Logo Items Boats & Tow Vehicles How-To DIY Lifestyle News & Issues Safety & Prevention Seamanship Technology Get a Quote Become a Member Renew Membership Products & Services Boat Insurance Angler Endorsement Boat Towing Coverage Mechanical Breakdown Insurance Requirements in Mexico Agreed Hull Value Actual Cash Value Liability Only Insurance Payment Options Claims Information FAQ Boat Towing Towing Service Agreement FAQ Membership Membership Plans Savings Boat Show Tickets BoatUS Boats For Sale Membership Payment Options Consumer Affairs MMSI FAQ Boat Lettering Boat Names Boat Documentation Requirements Installation Instructions Shipping & Handling Information Contact Boat Lettering End User Agreement Frequently Asked Questions Boat Loans Vessel Documentation FAQ BoatUS App BoatUS Foundation Government Affairs Logo Items BoatUS Magazine Boats & Tow Vehicles New & Used Boats Fishing Runabouts Pontoons Powercruisers Sailboats Sportboats Buying & Selling Advice Trailers & Trailering Maintenance Techniques Tow Vehicles How-To DIY Make & Create Makeovers & Refitting Install & Repair Accessories Electronics Exterior Hardware Interior Systems Maintenance Cleaning Exterior Systems Skills, Tips, Tools Spring Preparation Winterization News & Issues Boaters’ Rights Consumer Affairs Environment & Clean Water Government Affairs Legal Safety & Prevention Boat Safety Hurricanes Insurance Navigational Hazards Personal Safety Towing Technology Batteries & Onboard Power Design Electronics Apps Motors, Engines, Propulsion Lifestyle Best Day on the Water Books & Movies Communication & Etiquette Contests & Sweepstakes Cruising Education Colleges & Tech Schools Fishing Electronics Equipment Maintenance Techniques Food, Drink, Entertainment Gear New To Boating People Pets Sailing Travel & Destinations Watersports Seamanship Anchors & Anchoring Boat Handling Navigation Ropework Weather I Want To Get a Boat Insurance Quote Find an On-Water Training Course Donate my Boat Become a Member Renew Membership Upgrade Towing Services File a Boat Insurance Claim Geico/BoatUS Membership Login Design Boat Lettering Apply for a Boat Loan MMSI Account & Registration Shop BoatUS Logo Items Take a Free Online Safety Course Download BoatUS App Call For a Tow 800-391-4869 Home Better boating starts here... quote Get a Quote retrieve Retrieve a Quote Self Service Policies are underwritten by GEICO Marine Insurance Company. Privacy Policy & Notice of Collection If GEICO Marine is unable to offer a quote, your information may be shared with non-affiliated insurance companies, CHUBB and American Modern, so that they may provide a quote. Both of these non-affiliated insurers have sole financial responsibility for its own insurance products. By clicking “Get a Quote,” you agree that the information you provide can be shared with our business partners. Last name Email Zip code Get a Quote Policies are underwritten by GEICO Marine Insurance Company. Privacy Policy & Notice of Collection If GEICO Marine is unable to offer a quote, your information may be shared with non-affiliated insurance companies, CHUBB and American Modern, so that they may provide a quote. Both of these non-affiliated insurers have sole financial responsibility for its own insurance products. By clicking “Get a Quote,” you agree that the information you provide can be shared with our business partners. Last name Email Zip code Retrieve Quote Login to My Account, the place to conduct all your BoatUS business online on one secure site, anytime, anywhere. Make a payment and manage autopay options, view your policy summary, retrieve policy documents, upload claim photos and documents, update your credit card, contact and boat information, and more! Login Choose The Best Marine Insurance Policy For You BoatUS and GEICO have teamed up to bring boaters a great boat insurance policy at a great price. Serviced by boating experts our coverage options for boaters of all kinds can’t be beat. Check out our policies and add-on coverage options for a custom policy you can only find here. Check Mark Icon Agreed Hull Value You'll always know what your claims check will say with this coverage that pays to replace your boat up to its agreed hull value, determined when you start your policy. Covers your boat, engines, and boating equipment. Get a Quote Money Icon Actual Cash Value This boat insurance coverage lowers your premium by paying you the current market price for your boat in the event of a total loss. Recommended for smaller boats, personal watercraft (PWC), and boats without a lien holder. Get a Quote Motorboat Icon Liability Only The lowest cost marine insurance policy, providing essential liability coverage to protect your assets without the added cost of hull coverage. Includes salvage and wreck removal. Available for all boats without a lien holder. Get a Quote BoatUS Magazine The BoatUS Magazine print edition is available exclusively to BoatUS Members—join today! A subscription includes: Regional boating news Boat reviews Step-by-step repair projects Boat handling tips Fishing advice & more! Become a Member Renew Membership February | March 2024 Jimmy Buffett a Bard's Life in 4 Boats | Exploring the Salish Sea | For Safer Waters, We Need Smarter Boaters | and more! BoatUS Boating Association Member Services Boat Owners Association of The United States (BoatUS) is the nation’s largest recreational boating advocacy, services, and safety group making boating better for America’s recreational boaters. BoatUS provides a range of benefits and services, representation for boaters’ rights, and offers many savings opportunities to more than 700,000 Members. We also work with our nonprofit BoatUS Foundation to educate new boaters, keep boaters safe and our waters clean through our Boating Safety and Education programs. Piggy Bank Icon 1,200+ Boating Businesses Anchor Icon 30+ National Savings Partners West Advantage Gold Rewards Become a Member Renew Membership Year-long benefits help your Membership pay for itself! Learn More Have An Account? Sign In Login to My Account, the place to conduct all your BoatUS business online on one secure site, anytime, anywhere. Change coverage limits and add endorsements to your policy Make a payment and manage autopay options View your policy summary, retrieve policy documents File a claim, and upload claim photos and documents View and print your Membership and Insurance card Update your credit card, contact, boat info, and more Need Mobile Access? Download BoatUS App Download the BoatUS App for free to start taking advantage of all its helpful features including: Get on-the-water towing assistance dispatched fast (without a phone call) Hurricane tracking, customizable buoy and tide stations backed by NOAA Show proof of Membership with your digital card Make payments, start a claim, upgrade BoatUS services Find local marinas and boating businesses providing a discount Design Your Own Boat Lettering Lettering Icon Boat Lettering Customize your boat name, hailing port, registration numbers and more Design Now Tape Icon Boat Striping Select from a variety of boat striping widths and vinyl color options Select Color Sticker Icon Boat Decals Choose from a selection of unique decals to compliment your boat name View Gallery Design Boat Lettering BoatUS Foundation The BoatUS Foundation for Boating Safety and Clean Water is an innovative leader promoting safe, clean and responsible boating. Learn how you can help us keep boating a safe and enjoyable pastime. Keep Boating Safe Interested in a Boat Loan? Fill out a free online application to get started! Work with loan experts to finance your dream boat or refinance your existing boat. BoatUS Boat Loans Thinking of Buying a Boat? Check out our Boat Loan Calculator to determine a monthly payment that's right for you. Then fill out a free online application to get started! BoatUS Boat Loans More Boaters Choose TowBoatUS BoatUS Members receive speedy, courteous service from TowBoatUS. You're just a phone call away from professional on-the-water assistance from the largest towing fleet. Motorboat Icon 300+ Ports Towboat Icon 600+ TowBoatUS Boats Watch Icon 24/7 Dispatch ID Card Icon 1 Membership Upgrade Towing Featured Articles Whiskey By The Wave A boater’s startup distillery taps nautical heritage to recapture the unique taste characteristics refined by rolling seas. Read More BoatU.S. Foundation receives $10M to remove Derelict boats The nonprofit will be a one-stop-shop for identifying, funding, and facilitating resources for clearing abandoned and derelict vessels from local waters Read More 39+ Great Holiday Gifts For Boaters Looking for inspiration this holiday season? The boaters in your life are covered with our selection of marine toys, tools, gear, and garb. Read More View All Articles Real Stories from Real Boaters BoatUS has been wonderful in the recent handling of my claim. The service has been top notch and the staff is both courteous and very knowledgeable. I will never switch insurance companies. Kristin S. Manalapan, NJ BoatUS - I just finished reading the latest April/May issue of the BoatUS Magazine. I wanted to let y’all know that this was one of the best issues yet. I took notes on several DIY or informational articles that I can reference as I get my boats ready for the season. Thank you! Michael R. Missouri City, TX Love your services. Your membership saved me $669.00 in towing charges in San Diego during a fishing tournament — thank you! Since then I would never consider going out on a boat without your services. CJ R. San Diego, CA Thank you BoatUS for getting me back on the road today when I blew a trailer tire on the way home after having my boat winterized. The only cost to me was the new tire, and about 3 hours on the side of the road. Steve K. Sadorus, IL I would like to thank BoatUS for all the hard work you've put into resolving my claim. The service you provide to Members like me is head and shoulders above the competition and it's been a pleasure dealing with a company that “get’s it.” Job well done! Edward Y. Yonkers, NY For a quote, visit our Online Application or call 800-283-2883 for personal service. All coverage is subject to terms, conditions, limits and exclusions of the policy. Not all policy options are available in all states. Boat and PWC policies are underwritten by GEICO Marine Insurance Company with administrative offices at 5323 Port Royal Road, Springfield, VA 22151. GEICO Marine Insurance Company is domiciled in Omaha, NE, and coverage is offered in all 50 states and the District of Columbia to boat owners with a U.S. address. View the GEICO Marine Insurance Company Privacy Policy & Notice of Collection. Contact Contact us Media News Partnerships Advertise with us Partner with us About BoatUS About History BoatUS Foundation Advocacy Careers Privacy Policy & Notice of Collection Data Request FAQ Insurance Towing Membership Loans Lettering Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Facebook YouTube TikTok Download our App Learn More © 2024 Boat Owners Association of The United States. We use cookies to enhance your visit to our website and to improve your experience. By continuing to use our website, you’re agreeing to our cookie policy. Privacy Policy & Notice of Collection Accept