The Free Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History - HistoryLink.org HistoryLink.org Home This Week Then Today in Washington History New This Week Upcoming Event Explore About Washington Timeline Slideshows Roll of Honor Book Reviews Podcasts Tours Education In the Classroom History Day Curriculum Materials About About Staff & Historians Trustees & Advisers Donors Become a Sponsor Publications Contact Commissioned Work Writing for HistoryLink Events HistoryLunch All Events Search Podcast Instagram Facebook Twitter Donate The free online encyclopedia of Washington state history 8189 HistoryLink.org articles now available. Search Diablo Dam incline railway climbing Sourdough Mountain, 1930. Courtesy Seattle Municipal Archives, 2306. Children waving to ferry, 1950. Courtesy Museum of History and Industry. Loggers in the Northwest woods. Courtesy Washington State Digital Archives. HistoryLink is 25! Help us celebrate reaching the quarter-century mark and honor HistoryLink cofounders Marie McCaffrey and Walt Crowley by investing in their vision for the "Future of History." Your support will ensure HistoryLink continues to be an unmatched resource for Washington state history. LEARN MORE This Week Then 2/29/2024 A Dream Unrealized Almost a century ago, the newly flattened Denny Regrade was slated for an ornate civic center in Seattle's first and most audacious comprehensive plan. Engineer Virgil Bogue's urban vision excited the new Municipal League but alarmed downtown interests. Bogue's plan grouped all public buildings in what is now Belltown, far away from the city center. Wide boulevards would have connected the civic center to both Elliott Bay and Lake Union. The plan envisioned extensions beyond the city, including a rail transit line to Kirkland via a tunnel beneath Lake Washington. Mercer Island was considered as a possible city park, described as a "people's playground" in Bogue's report. Bogue's plan was embraced by urban progressives, led by City Engineer R. H. Thomson, but the city's three newspapers sided with the business establishment, which fretted over the possible devaluation of its downtown holdings. Voters worried about the implementation costs, and they had the final say -- trouncing the plan in the polls on March 5, 1912. A Mountain Recognized On March 2, 1899, Congress approved the creation of Mount Rainier National Park, over 369 square miles of land overshadowed by an active volcano more than 14,000 feet high. Although considered sacred by some Native Americans, the mountain's imposing height had already proved attractive to climbers of all sorts seeking to sound out, make their voices heard, or even rise above it. It wasn't long before skiers scaled its heights, if only to race down them again and again, especially when Paradise Inn opened to welcome them après ski. But the great mountain could also prove treacherous. Famed director Cecil B. DeMille tried to film there in 1924, but was forced off its slopes by a blizzard. In 1939 the prototype for Boeing's Stratoliner aircraft crashed nearby, as did a military aircraft in 1946, killing 32 U.S. Marines. But in 1951, one daring pilot was able to land his Piper Cub all the way at the top, although he was fined $350 for his escapade. More than a century after becoming a national park, Mount Rainer attracts close to 2 million visitors a year, and many have enjoyed its splendors, including mountaineers, hikers, naturalists, conservationists, photographers, and more. In 1997 the entire park was designated a National Historic Landmark District. News Then, History Now On the Go March 2, 1853, President Millard Fillmore established Washington Territory, carving it out of the huge Oregon Territory. When Oregon gained statehood in 1859, Washington Territory was expanded to include all of present-day Idaho and parts of Montana and Wyoming. President Lincoln severed these in 1863, creating Idaho Territory and establishing Washington's current boundaries, and residents later began to campaign for admission to the union. Power Flow On March 4, 1902, Seattle voters flipped a historic switch by approving bonds for a tiny hydroelectric plant at Cedar Falls. The first juice for streetlights flowed three years later, and because the new "City Light" electricity was cheaper than private power, people were quick to ask for connections to their homes and businesses. Trapped in Snow Shortly after midnight on March 1, 1910, a peal of thunder dislodged a snow shelf directly above two stalled trains near Wellington, not far from Stevens Pass. Millions of tons of frozen water swept locomotives, carriages, and 96 lives down the mountainside, making this the largest avalanche disaster in United States history. You can visit the site via the Iron Goat Trail. Opening Night On March 1, 1928, the curtain rose for the first time at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle. Twelve years ago this week, the historic venue became home to the Seattle Theatre Group's Historic Theatres Library, which opened to the public on March 1, 2012. Commuters' Plight On February 29, 1948, Captain Alexander Peabody halted his vessels after state officials refused to grant his request for a 30 percent fare increase on his privately owned Black Ball ferry line. Residents of Vashon Island, who had dealt with a similar crisis one year earlier, began running their own ferries the very next day. Fans' Delight On February 29, 2008, four local women bought the Seattle Storm WNBA franchise, ending months of uncertainty about the championship-winning team's future. Since then, the Storm won a second WNBA title in 2010, a third in 2018, and a fourth in 2020. Today inWashington History Albert R. Bruce steps into an elevator shaft and plunges to his death on March 5, 1910. Seattle voters reject Bogue Plan for city development and elect George Cotterill mayor, and King County voters approve plans and funding for Port of Seattle, on March 5, 1912. Lumber Workers Industrial Union, IWW, holds founding convention in Spokane on March 5, 1917. Voters elect Ole Hanson mayor of Seattle on March 5, 1918. Anti-Ku Klux Klan bill dies in state legislature on March 5, 1923. Rainier Beach Station, The Seattle Public Library, opens on March 5, 1928. Seattle Arts Commission meets to review last public-sculpture fountain by James FitzGerald and Margaret Tomkins on March 5, 1974. Seattle City Council passes Japanese American reparations ordinance on March 5, 1984. Mysterious mound of manure constipates stream near Ames Lake Creek in central King County on March 5, 2000. New On HistoryLink Smart, Jean Elizabeth (b. 1951) Kaiser, Henry J. (1882-1967) Henry J. Kaiser begins operations at Kaiser Aluminum in Mead on April 1, 1946 Jim Ellis on Slade Gorton Jim Ellis on Walter B. Williams Apollo 11, propelled by a Boeing-built rocket, lands on the moon on July 20, 1969, the first human visit to another world. Image of the Week On March 1, 1889, the Front Street Cable Railway Company began running through the heart of Seattle's business district. Quote of the Week "When you look at a city, it's like reading the hopes, aspirations and pride of everyone who built it." --Hugh Newell Jacobson Major Funding Provided By Education Partners HistoryLunch is coming on September 12. Register today! × Subscribe Donate The Free Encyclopedia of Washington State History Podcast Instagram Facebook Twitter