Institute | NYU Courant Skip to main content NYU is reconvening for classes in-person and remotely. Resources, information, and official updates from NYU regarding the current status of COVID-19 and its impact on the University community are available here, which includes detailed links for students, faculty and staff. COVID-19 INFO Search Courant website Courant Login Institute Mathematics external link Computer Science external link Academics Undergraduate Programs Computer Science external link Mathematics external link Master's Programs Computer Science external link Mathematics external link Data Science external link Scientific Computing external link Information Systems external link Math Finance external link Computing, Entrepreneurship & Innovation external link PhD Programs Computer Science external link Mathematics external link Atmosphere Ocean Science external link Prizes & Fellowships Research Research Areas Research Centers Faculty Recognition People Institute Leadership Faculty Postdocs & Research Staff Graduate Students Visitors Staff Directory (Courant access only) Calendars Weekly Seminar Bulletin Special Events and Activities Seminars List Classroom Calendar & Reservations (NYU access only) NYU Academic Calendars external link Resources Faculty, Staff, & Students Alumni Visitor Information Computing & Technology Courant Library About Us Contact Information Directions Newsletters History of the Courant Institute Employment Opportunities at Courant Giving Jinyoung Park Named a 2024 Sloan Foundation Research Fellow Jinyoung Park, Assistant Professor of Mathematics, has been chosen as a Sloan Foundation Research Fellow for 2024. Read more here. Jinyoung Park Named a 2024 Sloan Foundation Research Fellow Jinyoung Park Named a 2024 Sloan Foundation Research Fellow Lai-​Sang Young Awarded the 2023 Heinz Hopf Prize Every two years, ETH Zurich awards the Heinz Hopf Prize for outstanding scientific work in the field of pure mathematics. This year's honoree is Professor Lai-​Sang Young. Congratulations! Read more here. Lai-​Sang Young Awarded the 2023 Heinz Hopf Prize Lai-​Sang Young Awarded the 2023 Heinz Hopf Prize Lerrel Pinto Wins Packard Foundation Fellowship Lerrel Pinto, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, has received a 2023 Packard Fellowship for Science and Engineering from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation. Read more here. Lerrel Pinto Wins Packard Foundation Fellowship Lerrel Pinto Wins Packard Foundation Fellowship Yann LeCun Announced as Inaugural Jacob T. Schwartz Chair Yann LeCun has been named as the first recipient of the Jacob T. Schwartz Chaired Professorship in Computer Science. Read more about the honor and inaugural honoree here. Yann LeCun Announced as Inaugural Jacob T. Schwartz Chair Yann LeCun Announced as Inaugural Jacob T. Schwartz Chair Alumni Q&A with Wojciech Zaremba, Co-Founder of OpenAI An in-depth conversation with Wojciech Zaremba, Co-Founder and Research Scientist at OpenAI, about his time at NYU Courant and his vision for the future of artificial intelligence. Read it here. Alumni Q&A with Wojciech Zaremba, Co-Founder of OpenAI Alumni Q&A with Wojciech Zaremba, Co-Founder of OpenAI S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan Awarded 2023 Padma Vibhusan Medal Professor Raghu Varadhan has been honored with the Padma Vibhusan, the second-highest civilian award distributed by the Republic of India. The medal acknowledges his "exceptional and distinguished service" in the fields of science and technology. Read more. S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan Awarded 2023 Padma Vibhusan Medal S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan Awarded 2023 Padma Vibhusan Medal Launching a New Initiative, NYU and DeepMind Clear the Path for Future AI Researchers We had lunch with the inaugral class of the Pathways to AI initiative. They told us all about their experience in the program over the summer. Read more here. Launching a New Initiative, NYU and DeepMind Clear the Path for Future AI Researchers Launching a New Initiative, NYU and DeepMind Clear the Path for Future AI Researchers Leslie Greengard Awarded the 2023 ICIAM Pioneer Prize Professor Greengard has been honored for his pioneering work on fast algorithms, including the fast multipole method, fast Gauss transform, and fast direct solvers. Congratulations! Read more. Leslie Greengard Awarded the 2023 ICIAM Pioneer Prize Leslie Greengard Awarded the 2023 ICIAM Pioneer Prize Nina Holden Wins Rollo Davidson Prize Nina Holden, Assosciate Professor of Mathematics, has won the 2023 Rollo Davidson Prize for her "leading work on random planar maps and Liouville quantum gravity." You can read more about the honor here. Nina Holden Wins Rollo Davidson Prize Nina Holden Wins Rollo Davidson Prize Rajesh Ranganath Receives NSF CAREER Award Rajesh Ranganath, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, has been named as recipient of the prestigious CAREER Award by the National Science Foundation. CAREER Awards are presented "in support of junior faculty who exemplify the role of teacher-scholars through research and education, and the integration of these endeavors in the context of their organizations' missions." Congratulations! Rajesh Ranganath Receives NSF CAREER Award Rajesh Ranganath Receives NSF CAREER Award Joseph Bonneau Receives NSF CAREER Award Joseph Bonneau, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, has received the prestigious CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation (NSF). CAREER Awards are presented to junior faculty who "exemplify the role of teacher-scholars through research and education." Professor Bonneau's project aims ensure the fairness of lotteries by developing new tools in the emerging field of temporal cryptography. Congratulations! Joseph Bonneau Receives NSF CAREER Award Joseph Bonneau Receives NSF CAREER Award Vlad Vicol Named a 2023 Simons Investigator in Mathematics Vlad Vicol, Professor of Mathematics, has been chosen as a 2023 Investigator by the Simons Foundation. The selective program is designed to "support outstanding theoretical scientists in their most productive years." Congratulation! You can read more about the honor here. Vlad Vicol Named a 2023 Simons Investigator in Mathematics Vlad Vicol Named a 2023 Simons Investigator in Mathematics Sylvia Serfaty Awarded the 2024 Maryam Mirzakhani Prize in Mathematics Sylvia Serfaty, Silver Professor of Mathematics, has been awarded the 2024 Maryam Mirzakhani Prize in Mathematics by the National Academy of Sciences. Congratulations! Read more here. Sylvia Serfaty Awarded the 2024 Maryam Mirzakhani Prize in Mathematics Sylvia Serfaty Awarded the 2024 Maryam Mirzakhani Prize in Mathematics Pause Play Previous Next Seminars and Events Wednesday, March 6, 2024 Dynamical Systems Seminar Differentiability of shape functions and effective Lagrangians Warren Weaver Hall, Room 705 March 06, 2024, 3:15PM Yuri Bakhtin, Courant Atmosphere Ocean Science Colloquium Toward consistent data assimilation with structured generative models 60 Fifth Avenue, Room 7th floor March 06, 2024, 3:30PM Dr. Ricardo Baptista, Caltech Analysis Seminar Boundary regularity for the non cut-off Boltzmann and Landau equations on general bounded domains Warren Weaver Hall, Room 1314 March 06, 2024, 3:30PM Quoc-Hung Nguyen, Chinese Academy of Sciences Thursday, March 7, 2024 Analysis Seminar The Landau equation does not blow up Warren Weaver Hall, Room 1302 March 07, 2024, 11AM Nestor Guillen, Texas State University Theory Seminar A new lower bound for sphere packing Warren Weaver Hall, Room 317 March 07, 2024, 11AM Matthew Jenssen, Kings College London Joint Number Theory Seminar TBA Warren Weaver Hall, Room 517 March 07, 2024, 5PM Asimina Hamakiotes, University of Connecticut Friday, March 8, 2024 Probability and Mathematical Physics Seminar Probability and the City seminar Warren Weaver Hall, Room 1302 (to be confirmed) March 08, 2024, 10AM Michael Aizenman (Princeton University), Daniel Stein (NYU) and Ivan Corwin (Columbia University) Computational Mathematics and Scientific Computing Seminar An exact and efficient algorithm for Basis Pursuit Denoising via differential inclusions Warren Weaver Hall, Room 1314 March 08, 2024, 10AM Gabriel P. Langlois, Courant, NYU All Upcoming Events Past Events News & Announcements "The ‘Courant Hilton’: building the mathematical sciences at New York University" by Brit Shields Brit Shields, a historian and sociologist at the University of Pennsylvania, has pubished a fascniating article on Warren Weaver Hall and the early years of the Courant Institute in the The British Journal for the History of Science. Read More Jinyoung Park Named a 2024 Sloan Foundation Research Fellow Jinyoung Park, Assistant Professor of Mathematics, has been chosen as a Sloan Foundation Research Fellow for 2024. Read More Jonathan Niles-Weed Wins the SIAG/DATA Early Career Prize Jonathan Niles-Weed, Assistant Professor of Mathematics and Data Science, has received the 2024 SIAG/DATA Early Career Prize from SIAM. Read More Courant Welcomes New Faculty Members for Spring 2024 Anupam Gupta, Yi Zhang, and Sara Shamekh are the latest distiguished scholars to join our faculty. Read More Yann LeCun Named ACM Fellow for 2023 Yann LeCun, Silver Professor of Computer Science and Data Science, has been named a 2023 ACM Fellow "for conceptual and engineering breakthroughs that have made deep neural networks a critical component of computing.” Read More More News Alumni News Special Events and Activities Friday, April 12, 2024 Aleks Donev Memorial Event The Courant Institute will host a special event in memory of Professor Aleks Donev, featuring talks from Paul Chaikin, Alejandro Garcia, Pep Espanol, and Alex Mogilner. Warren Weaver Hall, Room 109, April 12, 2024, 1PM More Special Events New York University Faculty of Arts and Science College of Arts and Science Graduate School of Arts and Science Accessibility Please e-mail comments or corrections to: jroznfgre@pbhenag.alh.rqh For other inquiries, please see the list of contacts. © New York University