Citizendium Welcome to Citizendium From Citizendium Jump to navigation Jump to search Help Write Articles about our World Welcome to Citizendium, a wiki for providing free knowledge where authors use their real names. We regard information as a public good and welcome anyone who wants to share their knowledge on virtually any subject. Our online community prides itself on being congenial and supportive. Read more about who we are. See Recent Changes—an overview of articles being worked on now. Become a member--it's free! Join this wiki. Start a new article or improve existing articles Quick Start | How to collaborate | How to format pages Read our policies on content, objectivity, and no self-promotion or PR. For Wikipedians Browse articles by Workgroup: Agriculture Earth Sciences Journalism Physics Anthropology Economics Law Politics Archaeology Education Library & Info. Sci. Psychology Architecture Engineering Linguistics Religion Astronomy Food Science Literature Robotics Biology Games Mathematics Sociology Business Geography Media Sports Chemistry Health Sciences Military Theater Classics History Music Topic Informant Computers Hobbies Philosophy Visual Arts Please help today! Please make your donations here.Donations go to keep our servers running. See our financial report. New Blog Post Why save Citizendium? My reason number 1. Article counts Citable Articles (148) Developed Articles (1,166) Developing Articles (8,863) Stubs (8,212) (18,491 total articles) Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire. — William Butler Yeats —add a quotation about knowledge or writing Featured Article: Radiochemistry Radiochemistry is the chemistry of radioactive materials, where radioactive isotopes of elements are used to study the properties and chemical reactions of non-radioactive isotopes (often within radiochemistry the absence of radioactivity leads to a substance being described as being inactive as the isotopes are stable). Much of radiochemistry deals with the use of radioactivity to study ordinary chemical reactions. Radiochemistry includes the study of both natural and man-made radioisotopes. Many naturally occurring substances contain radioactive elements including uranium (U), radium (Ra) and thorium (Th). Biochemical uses One biological application is the study of DNA using radioactive phosphorus (32P). In these experiments, stable phosphorus is replaced by the chemical identical radioactive P-32, and the resulting radioactivity is used in analysis of the molecules and their behaviour. Another example is the work done on the methylation of elements such as sulfur, selenium, tellurium and polonium by living organisms. Bacteria can convert these elements into volatile compounds,[1] it is thought that methylcobalamin (vitamin B12 alkylates these elements to create the dimethyls. A combination of Cobaloxime and inorganic polonium in sterile water forms a volatile polonium compound, while a control experiment which did not contain the cobalt compound did not form the volatile polonium compound.[2]. For the sulfur work the isotope 35S was used, while for polonium 207Po was used. In some related work by the addition of 57Co to the bacterial culture, followed by isolation of the cobalamin from the bacteria (and the measurement of the radioactivity of the isolated cobalamin) it was shown that the bacteria convert available cobalt into methylcobalamin. In the first picture the polonium is added to the culture of the bacteria, by the time that the second picture is shown the bacteria have taken up some of the polonium. In the third picture the bacteria have converted some of the inorganic polonium into the dimethyl form Environmental Radiochemistry also includes the study of the behaviour of radioisotopes in the environment; for instance, a forest or grass fire can make radioisotopes become mobile again.[3] In these experiments, fires were started in the exclusion zone around Chernobyl and the radioactivity in the air downwind was measured. It is important to note that a vast number of processes can release radioactivity into the environment, for example the action of cosmic rays on the air is responsible for the formation of radioisotopes (such as 14C and 32P), the decay of 226Ra forms 222Rn which is a gas which can diffuse through rocks before entering buildings[4][5][6] and dissolve in water and thus enter drinking water[7] in addition human activities such as bomb tests, accidents(for example [8]) and normal releases from industry have resulted in the release of radioactivity. Footnotes ↑ Momoshima N, Li-X. Song, Osaki S, Maeda Y (2002) Biologically induced Po emission from fresh water. J Envir Radioactivity 63:187-97. ↑ Momoshima N, Li-X. Song, Osaki S, Maeda Y (2001) Formation and emission of volatile polonium compound by microbial activity and polonium methylation with methylcobalamin. Envir Sci Technol, 35:2956-60. ↑ Yoschenko VI et al (2006) Resuspension and redistribution of radionuclides during grassland and forest fires in the Chernobyl exclusion zone: part I. Fire experiments J Envir Radioact 86:143-63 PMID 16213067 ↑ Janja Vaupotič and Ivan Kobal, "Effective doses in schools based on nanosize radon progeny aerosols", Atmospheric Environment, 2006, 40, 7494-7507 ↑ Michael Durand, Building and Environment, "Indoor air pollution caused by geothermal gases", 2006, 41, 1607-1610 ↑ Boffetta P "Human cancer from environmental pollutants: The epidemiological evidence", Mutation Research/Genetic Toxicology and Environmental Mutagenesis, 2006, 608, 157-162 ↑ Forte M et al. The measurement of radioactivity in Italian drinking waters. Microchemical J, 2007, 85:98-102 ↑ Pöllänen R et al. "Multi-technique characterization of a nuclear bomb particle from the Palomares accident", J Envir Radioactivity, 2006, 90:15-28 Continued... Retrieved from "https://citizendium.org/wiki/index.php?title=Welcome_to_Citizendium&oldid=919426" Category: Pages using PMID magic links Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Namespaces Main PageDiscussion English Views ReadView sourceView historyZWI Export More Search Read Welcome to CitizendiumCitable ArticlesAll ArticlesRandom ArticleAll Recent Changes About Us IntroductionFAQPoliciesGovernance Contact Us EnquiriesApply to JoinPersonnel How To ForumStart ArticleArticle MechanicsHow to EditHelpMore Help Finance Financial ReportDonate Tools What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage informationCite this page This page was last modified 18:28, 18 February 2024. CZ is free. All written content is available under the Creative Commons-Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license or any later. Written content that originated in part from Wikipedia is also available under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike. Help • Financial Report • Follow Citizendium on Twitter • Facebook Privacy policy About Citizendium Disclaimers