OpenX: Programmatic Advertising | Supply-Side Platform Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at openx.com/sustainability United States International Publishers Buyers Why OpenX Our Exchange OpenAudience™ Premium Inventory Sustainability Company About Us Careers Resources News & Press Blog Case Studies Contact Us Demand From Your Media Publishers Buyers The Most Innovative Independent Supply-Side Platform You deserve a better ad selling and buying experience. Demand addressability, transparency, and sustainability. Demand more. Demand Addressability Our omnichannel targeting capabilities extend across all channels, including CTV, and are fully interoperable with any data set and identity type — ensuring that our clients reach their audiences at scale today and in the future. Read More Demand Transparency As an independent technology company, we have been cultivating a fair and transparent value exchange between sellers and buyers since 2008, to ensure the success of our clients and the open web. Read More Demand Sustainability We are the first Net-Zero verified and CarbonNeutral® certified programmatic platform and our 100% cloud-based infrastructure helps clients and partners reduce their environmental impact while improving business results. Read More "Working with a partner like OpenX, who can offer access to a unique data asset of anonymous user information across the open web, has expanded our ability to apply a sophisticated and audience-focused approach to campaigns regardless of channel, which, in turn, allows us to deliver better results for our clients." Sean Muzzy, President North America at Matterkind "OpenX is democratizing identity across all publishers on the open web, helping marketers to plan and buy audiences the way they do inside walled gardens." Travis Clinger, SVP, Addressability and Ecosystem at LiveRamp "Condé Nast has benefited from OpenX’s expertise and experience to better understand how to implement programmatic within its existing technology stack. We found the implementation of the OpenX Bidder to be efficient and effortless and the results very rewarding." Malcolm Attwells, VP Revenue Strategy Europe at Condé Nast In The News See All February 21 2024 Press Release February 21, 2024 At least four-in-ten campaigns will run on CTV in the next two years, according to OpenX and ExchangeWire research News OpenX Deal Library will compare alternatives to cookies News OpenX Deal Library Makes Testing Cookieless Targeting Easier For Buyers The Quality and Scale You Deserve We’re big, but we’re not the biggest. That’s intentional. We set elevated standards for our publisher, advertiser, and data partners so we can deliver the highest quality inventory, demand, and targeting solutions. 130,000+ Active Publisher Domains, Mobile Apps & CTV Apps 100,000+ Advertisers 365B+ Ad Requests per Day 1M+ Ad Creatives Scanned/Classified per Day 250+ Data Providers 70% Direct Publisher Integrations We demand a lot from ourselves, so you can demand more from us. Contact Us Our Platform Our Exchange Publishers Buyers OpenAudience™ Premium Inventory About Us About Us Careers Sustainability Resources News & Press Blog Case Studies Support Community Technical Documentation Contact Our Platform Our Exchange Publishers Buyers OpenAudience™ Premium Inventory About Us About Us Careers Sustainability Resources News & Press Blog Case Studies Support Community Technical Documentation Contact Privacy Center Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Interest-Based Advertising CMS-TiC – Kaiser CMS-TiC Blue Shield Copyright © 2024 OpenX. All rights reserved. OpenX Cookieless Deal Library The easiest way to test multiple cookieless targeting solutions Get Started Today