Home | Music Theatre International Skip to main content Music Theatre International Main menu ShowsBrowse Shows Streaming Available 10-Minute Musicals Browse Collections Broadway Junior Concert Selections Sondheim Tribute Revue Future Releases ResourcesMTI Production Resources Community Marketplace MTI ClassroomDramatic Moments Help / FAQsHelp Center Get Started FAQs Streaming FAQs NewsNews Email List Sign-Up About UsAbout MTI Contact Us MyMTI AccountsMyMTI HOME Apply for a LicenseRequest a PerusalPay an Invoice RegionMTIMTI EuropeMTI Australasia Search Callboardclose Homepage License Groundhog Day Over and Over and Over Again Punxsutawney Phil predicts your audience will love this show! Learn More and Read for Free License Today Ain't Too Proud Joins the MTI Catalog Get ready! We are thrilled to welcome this Broadway hit to the MTI family. Learn more Alice in Wonderland JR. is Now Available for Licensing! An Unbirthday present for every audience member... Learn More License Today Top Tips from Your Licensing Reps Update your primary contact, change your booking, pay your invoice, and more. Learn more MTI and Latiné Musical Theatre Lab To Develop Bilingual Versions of Broadway Junior Musicals "Revolutionizing the future of musical theatre begins with our youth." Learn More License 13 JR! Seize this "Opportunity," and let your young performers shine! Learn More License Today Need Help? Not sure where to start? Looking for a form? Got a question? Start here! Go to our Help Center FAQs New Releases Our newest titles available for licensing! Beautiful, Mean Girls JR., Sondheim Tribute Revue, and more! Browse Our New Releases Stream an MTI Show Get ready to bring the magic of live theatre to digital life with streaming options available for some of MTI's favorite titles! Stream an MTI Show Broadway Junior® Musicals Join the millions of educators and students who participate in a 30 or 60-minute Broadway Junior musical. Broadway Junior View All Shows Featured & Upcoming Need help and advice? Ask questions and get answers from our online community and theatrical experts. Help Find Shows near youSee an MTI show in your area. Callboard JR Full Trending This Week Disney's Finding Nemo JR. Explore the big blue world with this lively new stage musical based on the beloved Pixar film! Roald Dahl's Matilda The Musical JR.The children are rising up. Join the revolt in this Broadway Junior adaptation of the Tony Award-winning hit! Disney's Frozen JR.Disney’s worldwide phenomenon is taking Broadway Junior by (snow)storm! Disney's Aladdin JR.Discover "A Whole New World" with this magically updated version of the Academy Award-winning Disney classic! Disney's Newsies JR.Seize the Day with Disney’s rousing musical that has thrilled and inspired young people for generations. Annie JR.The irrepressible comic strip heroine takes center stage in one of the world's best-loved, award-winning musicals. Disney's Beauty And The Beast JR.The Award-winning animated film and stage play comes to life in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale. Shrek The Musical JR.Everyone's favorite ogre is back in this hilarious stage spectacle, based on the Oscar-winning smash hit film and outrageous Broadway musical. Disney's Alice In Wonderland JR.Step into the wacky world of Wonderland in this vibrant new retelling of a Disney classic! Disney's The Lion King JR. Celebrate the Circle of Life in this timeless story of courage, friendship, and destiny. Trending This Week Mean Girls High School VersionA fetch opportunity for high schools and youth theatre groups to license this queen bee! Roald Dahl's Matilda The MusicalThe story of an extraordinary girl who dares to take a stand and change her own destiny. Disney's Descendants: The MusicalYou'll be #RottenToTheCore with Descendants the Musical! Disney's The Little MermaidIn a magical kingdom beneath the sea, the beautiful young mermaid, Ariel, longs to leave her ocean home to live in the world above. Into the WoodsThe Brothers Grimm hit the stage with an epic fairytale about wishes, family and the choices we make. Mamma Mia!Over 60 million people worldwide have fallen in love with the characters, the story and the music that make Mamma Mia! the ultimate feel-good show! BeetlejuiceIt’s showtime, folks! Disney's Beauty and the BeastThe enchantment never ends in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale. Little Shop of HorrorsFeed the need for musical hilarity with this delicious sci-fi smash about a man-eating plant. Mean GirlsThis fiercely fetch queen bee of Broadway will have you wearing pink...but only on Wednesdays. Now Available BroadwayWorld's Stage Mag Now Available for MTI Shows Get instant access to pre-filled show data to create Stage Mags. Read More Black History Month Behind The Music: The Groundbreaking Black Artists of the MTI Catalog Take a look at these trailblazing artists and some of the history behind their music... Read More New Acquisition Ain't Too Proud Joins MTI Get ready! The irresistible Broadway hit has joined the MTI family. Read More New Release License Groundhog Day Over and Over and Over Again Punxsutawney Phil predicts your audience will love this show! Read More Free Read Disney's Alice in Wonderland JR. Returns to Licensing! The classic tale returns in a fresh, updated version! Read More Shake and shimmy it with the #Hairspray20Challenge! Join MTI and Broadway Media in celebrating 20 years of #Hairspray. Duet this here or find us on TikTok! Special thanks to @broadwaymedia and @jammyprod. Choreography Guides are a licensor official resource that provides step-by-step instruction from Broadway and professional choreographers for your productions! Visit @broadwaymedia to learn more. #mtishows #youcantstopthebeat #hairspraymusical #goodmorningbaltimore View on Instagram Music Theatre International 423 West 55th Street Second Floor New York, NY 10019 T: +1 (212) 541-4684 F: +1 (212) 397-4684 Music Theatre International: Europe 12-14 Mortimer Street London W1T 3JJ T: +44 (0)20 7580 2827 F: *44 (0)20 7436 9616 Music Theatre International (Australasia) Ground Floor, Suite 220-22 Albert Road, South Melbourne, 3205Victoria, Australia T: +61 3 9581 2222 ©MTI Enterprises Inc. All Rights Reserved. Secondary Menu Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Follow us Facebook US Twitter US YouTube US Instagram US Thoughts on our site? Send Feedback