National Catholic Register A Service of EWTN News, Inc. EWTN News, Inc. is the world’s largest Catholic news organization, comprised of television, radio, print and digital media outlets, dedicated to reporting the truth in light of the Gospel and the Catholic Church. Newspaper National Catholic Register News Agencies Catholic News Agency CNA Deutsch ACI Africa ACI Afrique ACI Digital ACI Prensa ACI Stampa ACI Mena Digital Media ChurchPOP ChurchPOP Español ChurchPOP Italiano ChurchPOP Português TV & Radio EWTN News Indepth EWTN News Nightly EWTN Noticias EWTN Pro-life Weekly Register Radio Vaticano World Over x x Search Lent 2024 Pope Francis Eucharistic Congress Synod on Synodality Blogs Vatican Register Radio Job Board Subscribe Support the register Subscribe to our Print Edition -- Home -- Synod on Synodality Most Popular Publisher’s Note College Guide Register Radio -- News Blogs Commentaries Features Interviews Audio Video Cartoons Galleries -- Nation World Vatican Education Culture of Life Movies Arts & Entertainment Travel Saints Liturgy Books Editorials Publisher's Note Letters to the Editor -- Contact Us Support the Register Print subscriptions E-Newsletter Sign-up Job Board About Us Advertise EWTN Religious Catalogue National Catholic Register News Get HALF OFF the Register! ‘Oppenheimer,’ Science and Religion COMMENTARY: The Academy Award-nominated film serves as a cautionary tale for students of science today. Father Joseph Thomas Movies Related coverageWith ‘Oppenheimer’ in Theaters, Two US Archbishops Embark on a ‘Pilgrimage of Peace’ Ahead of Atom-Bomb Anniversaries French Canonist Questions the Legality of Mandating Priests to Concelebrate the Mass Edward Pentin Vatican ‘Non-Liturgical’ Blessings Do Not Exist Father Nicola Bux Blogs ‘Fiducia Supplicans’: Unequivocal Leadership Needed to Manage Fallout The Editors Editorial Vatican on France’s Abortion Amendment: There Cannot Be a ‘Right’ to Take a Human Life Matthew Santucci/CNA Vatican Recommended Reads: Suggestions for What You Should Pick Up Next Register Staff Books Finnish Study: Transgender Surgeries for Minors Do Not Solve Mental-Health Issues Tyler Arnold/CNA World Supreme Court Says States Cannot Remove Trump From 2024 Ballot Peter Pinedo/CNA Nation St. Casimir, Pray for Eastern Europe! John Grondelski Blogs ‘Cabrini’ Actress Cristiana Dell’Anna on Bringing a Saint to Life in New Movie Joseph Pronechen Movies ‘He Leadeth Me’: 9 Things to Know About Father Walter Ciszek, a 20th-Century Catholic Hero Ukrainian Struggles in Wartime, and IVF and Catholic Teaching (March 2) Beyond the Gridiron: Nick Saban’s Enduring Influence at the Alabama Catholic Center Vladimir Putin Is No Christian Hero Latest Search Pope Francis Appoints American Priest to Role in Vatican’s Highest Court The 50-year-old monsignor holds a licentiate in patristic theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University and a licentiate in canon law from the Catholic University of America in Washington. Courtney Mares/CNA Vatican March 5, 2024 Priest Battles ‘Hate Crime’ Charges for Criticizing Islam Father Ballester has never been reluctant to speak out, even when it means challenging the perspective of his own bishop. Martin Barillas/CNA World March 5, 2024 Ireland at a Crossroads: Redefining Family, Motherhood on the Ballot On International Women’s Day, March 8, voters in the country of more than 5 million people will head to the polls to cast their ballot in twin referendums proposing historic changes to the Constitution of Ireland. AC Wimmer/CNA World March 5, 2024 Catholic-Run Mobile Medical and Dental Clinic Fills Needs in Rural Missouri According to the archdiocese, the clinic has collaborated with several local Catholic health systems to provide medical services and other assistance, including SSM Health, Mercy, and Ascension Health. Jonah McKeown/CNA Nation March 5, 2024 US Military Makes Policy Providing Abortions for Service Members Permanent The policy, which has been in place since 2022, was made final in a rule posted in the federal register on Monday. Peter Pinedo/CNA Nation March 4, 2024 Indiana Catholic Couple ‘Living Every Parent’s Nightmare’ After Transgender Custody Case Indiana is not the only state where parental rights are under threat. The concerns of detransitioners are also at stake. Kate Quiñones/CNA Nation March 4, 2024 Load more Voices from the Blogs Tito Edwards Artist Attempts to Recreate Mary’s Face Using Shroud and AI, Why Catholics Prize Virginity, and More Great Links! Russell Shaw Eucharistic Revival Tackles a Fearsome Opponent James Day From Mark Twain’s ‘Huckleberry Finn’ to Paul Simon’s ‘Graceland,’ Whose Story Is It Anyway? The Cleansing of the Temple Jim Graves St. Agnes of Bohemia, Pray For Us! Solène Tadié ‘The Mass Revealed’ Teaches Young People the Parts of the Mass Celeste Behe Be Transformed by the Renewal of Your Mind Joseph Pearce Laughter and the Love of God Trending French Canonist Questions the Legality of Mandating Priests to Concelebrate the Mass ‘Fiducia Supplicans’: Unequivocal Leadership Needed to Manage Fallout ‘Non-Liturgical’ Blessings Do Not Exist What Is Inclusive Language and Why Is It Dangerous? ‘Cabrini’ Actress Cristiana Dell’Anna on Bringing a Saint to Life in New Movie Historic Notre Dame College in Ohio to Close This Spring After 100 years ‘Oppenheimer,’ Science and Religion Artist Attempts to Recreate Mary’s Face Using Shroud and AI, Why Catholics Prize Virginity, and More Great Links! From Mark Twain’s ‘Huckleberry Finn’ to Paul Simon’s ‘Graceland,’ Whose Story Is It Anyway? Mary’s Hand in Certain Icons Has a Hidden Message, Renewal Begins With Detachment and Mystical Prayer, and More Great Links! Editor’s pick How the Alabama In Vitro Fertilization Case Exposes the Wild West of Assisted Reproductive Technologies ‘Cabrini’ Highlights the Saint Whose Trust in Christ Changed New York Actor Gary Sinise Pays Tribute to Son Who Died: ‘A Man Who Loved His Catholic Faith’ Skull of St. Jean de Brébeuf Tours US ‘Beacon of Truth’: Dynamic Deacon Harold Burke-Sivers Attracts Souls to Christ Meet the Benedictine Monks Dedicated to Perpetual Adoration Social media Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Tools & Features E-Newsletters RSS Feeds Register News Widget Register Radio Podcast College Guide Print Subscriptions Subscribe Manage a Subscription Give a Subscription Order Bulk Subscriptions Marketplace Advertise Job Board EWTN Religious Catalogue More About Us Contact Us Support Us Archives Submissions Submit Letter to Editor Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 EWTN News, Inc. All rights reserved. EIN 27-4581132 Reproduction of material from this website without written permission, or unlicensed commercial use or monetization of National Catholic Register RSS feeds is strictly prohibited. Subscription Options x Subscriber Service CenterAlready a subscriber? Renew or manage your subscription here. Subscribe and Save HALF OFF!Start your Register subscription today. Subscribe Now Give a Gift SubscriptionBless friends, family or clergy with a gift of the Register. Order Now Order Bulk SubscriptionsGet a discount on 6 or more copies sent to your parish, organization or school. Order Now Sign-up for E-NewsletterGet Register Updates sent daily or weeklyto your inbox. Sign Up