The Local Italy - News and practical guides in English Advertisement News Latest news Travel News Rome Milan Naples Venice Sicily Cost of living Politics Strikes Opinion Brexit Covid-19 Essentials Living in Italy Moving to Italy Working in Italy Living costs Visas Driving Licences Residency Permits Citizenship Taxes Pensions Reader questions Visit Italy Learn about Italy Italy Explained Discover Italy Italian traditions Italian history Italian habits Italian cuisine Language Learning Italian Italian word of the Day Homes Property Renting One-euro homes Find rentals Jobs Working in Italy Find jobs in Italy Topics News Latest news Travel News Rome Milan Naples Venice Sicily Cost of living Politics Strikes Opinion Brexit Covid-19 Essentials Living in Italy Moving to Italy Working in Italy Living costs Visas Driving Licences Residency Permits Citizenship Taxes Pensions Reader questions Visit Italy Learn about Italy Italy Explained Discover Italy Italian traditions Italian history Italian habits Italian cuisine Language Learning Italian Italian word of the Day Homes Property Renting One-euro homes Find rentals Jobs Working in Italy Find jobs in Italy Choose edition italy All Editions Austria Denmark France Germany Italy Norway Spain Sweden Switzerland Membership Become a member Newsletters Help Centre Gift Vouchers Educational Access Corporate Access The Local About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Post a job ad Get The Local App The Local Europe ABVästmannagatan 43113 25 StockholmSweden Equality Italian court rules in favour of same-sex parents on birth certificates Partner Content You could be eligible for Italian citizenship by descent. Here's how to find out. For Members Travel news Why the cost of flights to and from Italy is rising steeply The cost of flights to and from Italy has risen around by around 20 percent in the first three months of 2024 compared to the same period the year before. What's behind the hikes? Italian citizenship Five surprising Italian citizenship rules you should know about Money Did you know: Italy has a special income tax rate for foreign retirees? Visas Five expert tips for getting your Italian elective residency visa approved Italian habits TELL US: Have you made yourself 'more Italian' to fit into life in Italy? Health Why are medicines so expensive in Italy? Americans in Europe How Americans in Europe can vote in the US primary elections Today in Italy Today in Italy: A roundup of the latest news on Tuesday italian language 7 things you should know about the Italian language Italian Word of The Day Italian word of the day: 'Scaramanzia' Living in Italy Renting The 8 red flags to look out for to avoid rental scams in Italy Partner Content The subtle ways living abroad in Europe can affect healthcare costs Culture Is there a way to see films without dubbing in Italy? storms Weather warnings issued to 15 Italian regions as storms continue Italian Word of The Day Italian word of the day: 'Sveglia' Health Where are the 'best' hospitals in Italy in 2024? Strikes Key dates: How Italy will be hit by transport strikes in March What changes in Italy On the agenda: What's happening in Italy this week Food and Drink Amaro, mirto, grappa: Do you know Italy’s most popular digestifs? Travel news Ryanair adds new flights to Treviso and Verona after row with Venice Italian citizenship EXPLAINED: Who is entitled to Italian citizenship by descent and how to apply for it Tourism What is Italy’s 'tourist tax' and where do you need to pay it? Italian citizenship Five surprising things to know about applying for Italian citizenship via ancestry Partner Content American abroad? Here's how using a US tax professional benefits you Learn about italy Trattoria to osteria: Explaining the different restaurants in Italy Quality of life Does Italy really offer the perfect work-life balance? The Local Europe ABVästmannagatan 43113 25 StockholmSweden The Local About us Contact us Find jobs in Italy Find a rental in Italy Post a job ad Advertise with us Membership Login Become a member Newsletters Help Centre Gift Vouchers Educational access Corporate access Popular Topics Latest News Travel news Strikes Visit Italy Working in Italy Word of the day Get daily news straight in your inbox By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We will use your email address to send you newsletters as well as information and offers related to your account. 2024 The Local, All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Settings Cookie Settings