News from California, the nation and world - Los Angeles Times News Home Page California Election 2024 Housing & Homelessness Politics Science & Medicine World & Nation Business Artificial Intelligence Autos Jobs, Labor & Workplace Real Estate Technology and the Internet California California Politics Earthquakes Education Housing & Homelessness L.A. Politics Mental Health Climate & Environment Global Warming Water & Drought Entertainment & Arts Arts Books Stand-Up Comedy Company Town The Envelope (Awards) Movies Music Television Things to Do De Los En Español Food 101 best restaurants Recipes Image Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home Design L.A. Affairs Plants Travel & Experiences Weekend Obituaries Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Short Docs Sports Angels Angel City FC Chargers Clippers Dodgers Ducks Galaxy High School Sports Kings Lakers Olympics USC UCLA Rams Sparks Times Everywhere 404 by L.A. Times Facebook Instagram LA Times Today Newsletters Photography Podcasts Short Docs TikTok Threads Video YouTube X (Twitter) For Subscribers All Sections _________________ eNewspaper About Us About Us Archives Company News eNewspaper For the Record Got a Tip? L.A. Times Careers L.A. Times Store L.A. Times Studios News App: Apple IOS News App: Google Play Newsroom Directory Public Affairs Rights, Clearance & Permissions Short Docs Advertising Place an Ad Classifieds Coupons People on the Move Find/Post Jobs Local Ads Marketplace Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times? Hot Property Sections Place an Open House Sotheby’s International Realty Bestcovery Compare B2B Publishing Business Visionaries Hot Property Crossword & Games L.A. Times Events L.A. Times Store Subscriptions Manage Subscription EZPAY Delivery Issue eNewspaper Students & Educators Subscribe Subscriber Terms Gift Subscription Terms Special Supplements Best of the Southland Branded Travel Healthy Living Las Vegas Guide Philanthropy Copyright © 2024, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Sections Show Search Search Query Submit Search California Entertainment Sports Food Climate Image Opinion En Español | Coupons Crossword eNewspaper Advertisement Advertisement Teachers union drops support for LAUSD candidate, citing offensive social media activity UTLA acts after revelations that school board candidate Kahllid Al-Alim engaged in social media activity including reposting or liking antisemitic and pornographic content. Monster blizzard shatters California ‘snow drought’ with up to 10 feet of new snow The statewide snowpack by Monday had swelled to 104% of normal for the date, with a snow water equivalent of 24.4 inches. Snowpack was about 94% of its average for April 1, the date when it is typically at its deepest.‘Bring a shovel’: Yosemite partly reopens after blizzard brings as much as 45 inches of snow 2024 California primary election Porter, Schiff and Lee make final Senate pitch across California, with Garvey nowhere to be seen With just days to go before polls close on Tuesday, the three leading Democrats hopscotched around the state, hoping that their final pitches connect with voters. Voter guide to the 2024 California primary election L.A. Times endorsements for March primary Voting last minute in the California primary election? Here’s your guide Trending Endorsement: The Times’ recommendations for open Los Angeles County Superior Court judge seats Endorsement: One L.A. County judge deserves reelection. Another doesn’t For Subscribers A heated custody battle over a transgender child in California stokes a viral debate Your guide to the L.A. County district attorney race: 11 candidates aim to unseat Gascón L.A. County Dist. Atty. George Gascón sailed into office in 2020 during a nationwide push for criminal justice reform. Now a large field is running to deny him a second term. For Subscribers A heated custody battle over a transgender child in California stokes a viral debate Adam Vena’s claim that California took his child because he wouldn’t accept the child is transgender went viral. The case is far more complicated than that. Californians Are Reading Threatened in their homeland, feral Mexican parrots thrive on L.A.’s exotic landscaping Quiet quitting. RTO. Coffee badging. What this new vocabulary says about your workplace Ex-Dodger Steve Garvey’s remarkable rise to the top of poll in California U.S. Senate race After years of rapid growth, California’s almond industry struggles amid low prices A large California almond business has filed for bankruptcy. Low prices are hitting the almond industry after years of rapid growth. Kate Middleton spotted after rampant speculation about her post-op whereabouts With speculation about Kate Middleton’s health and whereabouts hitting a fever pitch, the Princess of Wales was spotted Monday for the first time since December. Quiet quitting. RTO. Coffee badging. What this new vocabulary says about your workplace Phrases such as “Great Resignation,” “quiet quitting” and “coffee badging” have taken the internet by storm. But the terms also show workers trying to exert power. McNamara: To make peace with becoming an empty-nester, I had to be at peace with myself For the first time in 25 years, I spent a weekend alone at home without kids, husband or work. In the process, I was reminded that I am not just the sum of my responsibilities. Opinion Litman: For the second time in days, the Supreme Court helped make another Trump presidency possible Abcarian: Bravo to France for enshrining the right to abortion in its Constitution — a worldwide first Opinion: Will ‘all that glitters’ turn L.A.’s last solidly Black city white? Editorial: The Supreme Court was right to keep Trump on the ballot. Now voters should reject him L.A. Times electoral endorsements for 2024 March primary Read today’s eNewspaper Try today’s Crossword Advertisement De Los Irene Diaz’s 5 favorite Latino-owned businesses in L.A. 5 Latino art shows to check out right now Their first movie won Sundance. For Luz Films, it’s only the beginning Advertisement Guides Who makes the best beef roll in L.A.? Here are eight to try now The best places to eat and drink in L.A. this month, according to our food writers 8 Black-owned spots that define the Crenshaw corridor Subscribers Are Reading High School Sports The Times’ top 25 high school baseball rankings Climate & Environment Column: A climate voters’ guide to the California Senate election Politics For Subscribers New high-speed train from Vegas to SoCal will be a model for the nation — if it succeeds Politics Katie Porter could be a major threat to Adam Schiff in November. But she’s running out of time Lakers Analysis: Lakers frustrated they can’t beat Nuggets, and the problem is getting worse Newsletter Start your day right Sign up for Essential California for news, features and recommendations from the L.A. Times and beyond in your inbox six days a week. Enter email address Sign Me Up You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times. California Living Before fantasizing over a spring garden, prep your raised beds. Here’s how to do it right If you walk around the reservoir, you know this house. See inside the modern remodel L.A. Affairs: I gave my boyfriend an ultimatum. What he did next was shocking Neighborhood guides For Subscribers This must be the Arts District For Subscribers This must be Mid-City For Subscribers This must be Elysian Valley (a.k.a. Frogtown) For Subscribers This must be Culver City For Subscribers This must be Silver Lake For Subscribers This must be Manhattan Beach For Subscribers This must be Monterey Park For Subscribers This must be Los Feliz For Subscribers This must be San Pedro Advertisement Don’t Miss Plaschke: Be like Tommy? Dave Roberts faces must-win season to ensure Dodgers legacy Hugo Miller overcomes stereotypes to fulfill his dancing dream — and inspire others Who makes the best beef roll in L.A.? Here are eight to try now Columnists Doyle McManus Column: Biden should hope he gets heckled at his State of the Union speech Robin Abcarian Abcarian: How the Alabama IVF ruling unmasks the hypocrisy of antiabortion zealots Mark Z. Barabak Column: Sore losers are trying to recall Newsom, again. They’re robbing voters of their voice More news Mass shooting shook this small California town. Reward is offered to nab trio of gunmen Eleven people were shot, four fatally, while they were celebrating a birthday in the frontyard of a residence in Monterey County’s King City. Supreme Court rules Trump will stay on Colorado ballot despite Jan. 6 attack Two seriously injured after Tesla flies off freeway overpass in Los Feliz, bursts into flames Toddler was shot as she rode in car’s back seat. Santa Ana man now under arrest Ojai becomes 2nd U.S. city to ban ‘horrible, indiscriminate killing devices’: glue traps Column: Stop the nonsense. Moving up the California primary was a dumb idea. Push it back Monterey County mass shooting: Suspects still at large after 4 killed at King City party 3 women killed by suspected DUI driver, police say. They reportedly had just left a baby shower Latest stories Lakers’ dominant win over Thunder exactly what they need at critical time San Dimas shows off its baseball talent in 9-0 win over Corona Centennial Clippers suffer embarrassing collapse as Bucks rally from 15 points down to win Influx of firefighters, cooler weather help keep Texas Panhandle wildfires in check Elon Musk responds after Tesla Cybertruck crashes into Beverly Hills Hotel sign Join the Conversation Opinion: Don’t gut L.A.’s best shot at building affordable housing Porter, Schiff and Lee make final Senate pitch across California, with Garvey nowhere to be seen Supreme Court rules Trump will stay on Colorado ballot despite Jan. 6 attack Editors’ Pick Column: Where is climate change on film and TV? There’s now a Bechdel test for that Let’s demand more from Hollywood on the most important story in the world. Advertisement Food Who makes the best beef roll in L.A.? Here are eight to try now How beloved bakery Sweet Lady Jane found a new owner. It reopens this month The best places to eat and drink in L.A. this month, according to our food writers 101 best restaurants For Subscribers 23 newcomers to the 101 Best Restaurants in L.A. guide Climate California Photos: Blizzard hammers Sierra, closing resorts and creating travel nightmares Photos of a blizzard that is burying the Sierra Nevada in California in blankets of snow. California is letting billions of gallons of stormwater wash out to sea each year, report finds The upside of California’s epic blizzard: Snowpack and water supplies should be in good shape For Subscribers Newsom wants to build a $16-billion water tunnel. Will it destroy California’s delta? California libraries may lose free passes to state parks as budget deficit mounts Entertainment & Arts Brit Turner, drummer for Blackberry Smoke, dies at 57 after brain cancer battle Blackberry Smoke honored drummer Brit Turner, who died at 57. ‘The most caring, empathetic, driven and endearing person one could ever hope to meet,’ the band said. Review: Anatomy of a theatrical train wreck: Nick Ullett recounts an ill-fated Pinter revival Norah Jones on her surprising new album and the old song that’s almost ‘too sad’ to play John Amos again shuts down neglect allegations, this time amid LAPD investigation Bruce Willis’ wife counters ‘clickbait’ with details of ‘beauty and soulfulness’ in actor’s life Sports Lakers’ dominant win over Thunder exactly what they need at critical time LeBron James and the Lakers defeated Oklahoma City for the third consecutive time, but will they win enough games to avoid the play-in tournament? Clippers suffer embarrassing collapse as Bucks rally from 15 points down to win Dodgers pleased with ‘really sharp’ Blake Treinen, but team continues to stress caution Hugo Miller overcomes stereotypes to fulfill his dancing dream — and inspire others Albert Pujols, in Angels camp as guest instructor, aspires to different title: Manager LA Times Today LA Times Today: Trump as the candidate of stability? That’s how many voters now see it Advertisement L.A. Times en Español White bate récord personal con 37 tantos y Bulls remontan 22 ante Kings De la mano de D’Angelo Russell, Lakers superan al Thunder, líder del Oeste Trump gana caucus para nominación presidencial del Partido Republicano de Dakota del Norte Visual Storytelling Photos: Blizzard hammers Sierra, closing resorts and creating travel nightmares Photos: Shohei Ohtani welcomed by Dodgers fans in Phoenix Sundance 2024: Will Ferrell, Kristen Stewart, Lionel Richie and more in L.A. Times Studios World & Nation U.S. says Israel agreed to a Gaza cease-fire framework. Hamas now must decide As U.S. starts airdrops in Gaza, an EU agency says many Palestinians killed as they tried to get food from an aid convoy were hit by Israeli army fire. Two friends, each with family trapped in Gaza, are united by anguish. ‘I should be there to protect them’ Paramedic gets 5 years in prison for Elijah McClain’s death in rare case against medical responders ‘What is this, “The Handmaid’s Tale”?’ Exploring moral questions posed by controversial IVF ruling In war-torn Ukraine, a woman searches for her husband. Will she find him? Newsletters Sign up for our L.A. on the Record newsletter We took your concerns to California’s U.S. Senate candidates. Here’s what they said Prep Rally: Biggest (and final) week of the high school basketball season is here Advertisement Image Fashion and art are interconnected. These 11 items from Felix X Dover Street Market prove it Being in community is a choice. And these L.A. artists keep picking each other These never-before-seen photos of Björk at Chateau Marmont are giving otherworldly glee L.A. is a place where romance can flourish. Just ask Pharrell Williams and Louis Vuitton Los Angeles Times Events, Offers and Promotions Explore Latino culture and identity. Join the conversation Play for FREE today Rep your city. Wear The Times Discover the best of everything Save up to 80% on prescription medications Compare Financial Products Top promo codes, deals and coupons Advertisement California New IRS Direct File program now available in California Hurry! More than 100 rescued bunnies need homes before they multiply March 4, 2024 30 tons of Trader Joe’s Chicken Soup Dumplings recalled for possible contamination March 4, 2024 ‘Gun battle’ involving U.S. border agents kills one in San Diego County near Mexico border March 4, 2024 World, Nation & Politics Wall Street edges lower at the start of a busy week White House defends Harris meeting with Israeli Cabinet official despite Netanyahu’s concerns March 4, 2024 Abortion is enshrined as a constitutional right in France March 4, 2024 China in a surprise announcement says it is eliminating annual news conference by premier March 4, 2024 Business JetBlue and Spirit end their $3.8-billion merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal Is it possible to have too many credit cards? March 3, 2024 Fighting over money? Ways to seek common ground with your partner March 2, 2024 Another winning week for Wall Street ends with more records March 1, 2024 Obituaries Mark Dodson, ‘Star Wars’ and ‘Gremlins’ voice actor, dies at 64 Chris Mortensen, award-winning journalist and ESPN NFL analyst, dies at 72 March 3, 2024 Iris Apfel, beloved style icon whose fame peaked in her 90s, dies at 102 March 1, 2024 Richard Lewis, stand-up comic and ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm’ star, dies at 76 Feb. 28, 2024 Things to Do A guide to Frieze Los Angeles and an art extravaganza this weekend Looking for L.A.’s art cool kids? They’re hosting exhibits in laundry rooms and garages Feb. 29, 2024 Review: One fled Nazis; one was an overlooked Black talent. Together at L.A. Opera, composers shine anew Feb. 28, 2024 For Subscribers 15 things to do in Seattle, like soak in a hot tub boat or step inside dreamy glass spheres Feb. 28, 2024 Investigations ‘Scandalous’: L.A. General again among highest in U.S. in restraining psychiatric patients For Subscribers Steve Garvey touts ‘family values’ in his Senate bid. Some of his kids tell another story Feb. 1, 2024 After Times investigation, retired boxers finally getting what they’re owed from California Dec. 28, 2023 For Subscribers It hosted one of L.A.’s oldest film festivals, then it collapsed. What happened? Dec. 20, 2023 L.A. Affairs L.A. Affairs: He turned our romantic getaway into a stress test. Did I pass? L.A. Affairs: I was mourning. He was charming. Would romance help me heal? Feb. 16, 2024 L.A. Affairs: I ran into three of my exes. Was the universe trying to tell me something? Feb. 9, 2024 L.A. Affairs: I met my dream man. The only problem? He wasn’t my husband Feb. 2, 2024 Advertisement Guides and Advice Shape Your L.A., our Los Angeles County civic engagement tool, is now available in Spanish LADWP and Edison rates are rising. What you can do to lower your bill Representing yourself in court? L.A. Law Library can help you prepare Patt Morrison: Take a walk through L.A.’s spectacular, neglected and paved-over cemeteries Recommendations The LA Times editorial staff was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more Blender Comparison: Vitamix vs. Blendtec Vitamix Propel 510 Blender Review Cariloha Bamboo Sheets Review Blendtec Total Blender Classic Review An Honest Review of Blendtec Vivo Electric Standing Desk and Table Top vs. Vari Ergo Electric Standing Desk Budget vs. High-End Standing Desk Comparison and Review Humidifier Comparison: Which One Is Best for Your Budget? We tested three humidifiers in different price ranges to determine which is the best for each budget. The Best Air Purifiers for Every Budget Home Air Purifiers: Which One Tops the List? Advertisement Subscribe for unlimited accessSite Map Follow Us Twitter Instagram YouTube Facebook eNewspaper Coupons Find/Post Jobs Place an Ad Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times? Bestcovery MORE FROM THE L.A. TIMES Crossword Obituaries Recipes L.A. Times Compare L.A. Times Store Wine Club About/Contact For the Record L.A. Times Careers Manage Subscription Reprints and Permissions Site Map Copyright © 2024, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information