Card Games Home A-Z Select language ▼ deutsch english Home Page CARD GAME RULES Card Games and Tile Games from around the World Alphabetical Index Traditional games for two or more players, giving the number of players and type of cards or tiles required. Classified Index Traditional games classified by mechanism, by objective and by equipment used. Includes a section on children's games. Most Popular Games Shithead Golf Spite and Malice Rummy 500 Hand and Foot Gin Rummy Recent Interest High Card Perlaggen Big A Big Two Pass The Trash Poker Dou Dizhu Editor's Choice BagchenTibetan domino game PerlaggenFamous Tyrolean game Big A (打大A)5-player Chinese game PorrazoMexican 2-player game What's New21st February 2024 Player Number Index Listings of games suitable for a particular number of players. Check out our recommended games for two players, three players, four players, five players and six players. Regional Index Games arranged by the country or region where they are played. Gambling Games Poker: rules, hand ranking and variations. Blackjack, Baccarat and other casino card games. Other gambling resources. Advice on reponsible gambling. Domino Games Games played with Western or Chinese dominoes. Also pages on other tile games, including games played with rummy tiles. Solitaire Games Pages on one-player games with cards, dominoes and other tiles, and on solitaire software. Proprietary Games Games requiring special commercially produced packs of cards. Invented Games Readers' contributions of newly created games and variations. Contributions and Feedback The Pagat website was founded in 1995. Its aim is to document the rules of traditional card and domino games for the benefit of players who would like to broaden their knowledge and try out unfamiliar games. It takes its name from the Pagat, the lowest trump in the Central European game of Tarock. The site is edited by John McLeod (john@pagat.com). Please send me an email if you find any errors or have any comments or ideas for improvements, or if you would like to contribute something. I would like to thank the many readers from all parts of the world who have helped to develop and expand the site by sharing information about the games that they play. I would also like to thank the following partner sites for their help and encouragement: The Norwegian language site CasinoSpesialisten.net, founded in 2012 and edited by Inger Hansen, is a casino guide focussing on online casinos, slots, casino games, game providers, and reliable payment methods. Since 2023 Norges Casino, owned and operated by gambling professionals, has provided slots and other classic online casino games to the Norwegian market. The international online casino review site Casino.guide was established in 2020. Vienne Garcia and her team of experts thoroughly test the best online casinos to provide objective ratings, with particular emphasis on the Canadian market and gambling with cryptocurrencies. The online casino guide Nettcasino has been in operation since 2005. Content manager Inger Hansen uses her extensive experience in the casino industry to provide comprehensive and up-to-date information about the best gaming opportunities for Norwegian players. Site mapAims of this site How to contribute Sponsorship and Donations Privacy policy General Mechanics of Card Games 20th Birthday interview Links to other sites Games software Online games Rules Card designs Cards and equipment Books Discussion groups Tournaments and meetings Gambling Design resources Bitmaps and fonts Card tricks Home Page © John McLeod, 1995 - 2024. Last updated: 1 March 2024 Home • A-Z • Sitemap • Policy Select language: deutsch english