What browser am I using? What's My Browser FAQ Contact You’re using Default Browser. Share this with your support team! Just send them the link below: Copy Send via Email check_circle_outline Copied to clipboard! Browser details We’ve detected the following details about your browser. This information may help support teams troubleshoot issues you’re experiencing with their website. Operating system Other IP address 2405:4802:214:b740:6999:6dca:1ad8:afa0 help_outline Javascript enabled No NOTE: Other browser settings could not be detected because Javascript is disabled. Cookies enabled Not detected Flash version Not detected Java version Not detected Websockets supported Not detected WebGL supported Not detected Language None Browser size Not detected Screen size Not detected Color depth Not detected AdBlock enabled Not detected Your full user agent string is: Mozilla/5.0 What browser am I using? You’re using Default Browser. If you believe this is incorrect, then please email us to let us know! What is my browser? Your browser is a software application that lets you visit web pages on the Internet. Popular browsers include Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Internet Explorer. Currently, Google Chrome is the most widely used browser in the world, and is also considered one of the fastest and most secure. Why is my browser info important? Different browsers have different capabilities. And although these differences may seem minor, it’s common for websites to work fine on one browser but poorly on another. The information on this page may help support teams troubleshoot technical issues specific to your browser. What is an IP address? An IP address is a set of numbers that identifies your device, and which can be tied to your online activity. Some users may not want their browsing history associated with their IP address, and might therefore opt to use a Virtual Private Network (VPN) for an extra layer of security and privacy. We recommend looking into one of these VPN services to secure your online activity. Contact us Feel free to contact us at [email protected] if you have any questions or concerns. Additionally, please let us know if you have any feedback or suggestions for improving this site — we’d love to hear from you! Share this with your support team now! Copy Send via Email check_circle_outline Copied to clipboard! Tweet whatsmybrowser.org | Privacy | Copyright © 2024