mnot mark nottingham Welcome to my site. You can find out more about me, or jump directly to my résumé. current projects Chairing the IETF HTTP WG Helping with the HTTP APIs WG Helping to arrange the HTTP Workshop Testing HTTP resources at REDbot.org Finding out how caches work at cache-tests.fyi Serving on the W3C Board of Directors Learning about governance at the Australian Institute of Company Directors Talking about digital markets with the UK Competition and Markets Authority Curating rfc.fyi Collecting good bars at Cocktail Standards See also my specs in progress, projects at Github and random code snippets. writing and presentations What to Expect from HTTP/2 2012; presented at Boeing, AirBnB, BBC, etc. What’s up with HTTP? 2008; presented at Bell Labs, Google, Yahoo! Caching Tutorial for Web authors and Webmasters RSS and Atom Feed Tutorial for content publishers and Webmasters An Opinionated Guide to Melbourne See also other talks I’ve given and my academic papers. snapshot recent thoughts on my blog RFC 9518 - What Can Internet Standards Do About Centralisation? — RFC 9518: Centralization, Decentralization, and Internet Standards has been published, after more than two years of review, discussion, and revision. How to Run an Australian Web Site in 2024 — A while back, the eSafety Commissioner declined to register the proposed Industry Codes that I’ve previously written about. Now, they’ve announced a set of Industry Standards that, after a comment period, will likely be law. Technical Standards Bodies are Regulators — There are lots of ways to view what Internet standards bodies like the IETF and W3C do. They are horizontal agreements between competitors as well as mission-driven public-good charities. One might believe they’re the homes of innovation that brought us the Internet and the Web, or that they’re boring, ineffective and slow committee talking shops. Some see them as vibrant, diverse communities, while others believe they’re completely dominated by big tech. How we Build Platforms — I’m fascinated by the Metaverse. Not because I want to use that steaming pile of legless avatars, but because it’s the latest prominent attempt to establish a new platform. As Mark Zuckerberg said in internal emails about it: What I Learned in Law School — In the last decade or so, it’s become increasingly apparent that the Internet is going to be subject to more legal regulation. Because it’s a global network, this is tricky; fragmentation risk grows if regulation isn’t consistent between jurisdictions. And of course, there are all the other pitfalls of regulation — it’s difficult to agree on societal goals, much less change working systems to meet those goals without ill effect. A Safer, More Centralised Australian Internet — There are many potential criticisms of the Online Safety Act 2021 (Cth)1. While my own concerns are mostly about whether there are appropriate checks and balances on the eSafety Commissioner’s powers, I will give credit where due; the current Commissioner’s implementation of it has – so far – demonstrated nuance and thoughtful balancing of the legislation’s goals with the preservation and enhancement of the unique properties that make the Internet so valuable to society. See, eg, ‘Explainer: The Online Safety Bill’, Digital Rights Watch. ↩ What willwould a Chromium-only Web look like? — Most of the complexity and nuance of the Web is stuffed into browser engines. Even though they’re a huge burden to develop and maintain, the world is lucky enough to have three major ones, and they’re all Open Source. Yet More New HTTP Specs — The HTTP “core” documents were published on Monday, including a revision of HTTP semantics, caching, HTTP/1.1, HTTP/2, and the brand-new HTTP/3. However, that’s not all that the HTTP community has been up to.