Vivaldi Browser | Powerful, Personal and Private web browser Browser Mail News Community About Download Vivaldi BrowserDesktopDownloadFeaturesHelpiOSAndroidAutomotive Powerful. Personal. Private. Get unrivaled customization options and built-in browser features for better performance, productivity, and privacy. Download Vivaldi Explore features Available for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS. Latest news Vivaldi improves Mail Search and Translate, extends Web Panels with extension support Read more Vivaldi finds its way into the upcoming Ford Explorer and Lincoln Aviator Read more Powerful Supercharged and super fast Regular web browsers aren’t built with you in mind. They serve the masses. Since you’re a unique individual, we think you deserve options. So we have packed Vivaldi with them, to give you the power to mix and match settings. For a browser that’s just as unique as you. Smart resource management Our customizable UI and features are designed to make your browsing experience faster, simpler, and more efficient. Read more Truly epic tab management Group an unlimited number of tabs into two-level stacks. An intuitive, visual way to sort and speed through your tabs. Read more Private Real privacy at the core We don’t track your behavior. And we try to block other trackers trying to follow you around the Internet. As a result, your private information always stays safe — and you can browse the web freely without worrying about someone sneaking a peek at your browsing history or tracking what you do online. Take your privacy back We have no idea who you are or what sites you visit. Relax when browsing. Read more Block ads and popups Popups and ads are one of the most annoying things about browsing the internet. Now you can get rid of them in a few clicks. Read more Get away from Big Tech and have fun doing it Download Vivaldi Vivaldi has an insane amount of customization available by default. You're Probably Not Using the Web's Best Browser. Personal The most flexible browser Vivaldi has tons of settings and features you can play with, from the super flexible user interface to shortcuts and custom macros. Every time you open the browser, you will discover a new tool or tweak that will make your life easier. Create shareable themes Set your preferred custom colors, wallpapers, tab edge rounding, and other settings. Then share your creation with the world and add themes made by the Community to your own Theme Library. Vivaldi Themes CTRLE Try custom keyboard shortcuts Want to save time? Create custom keyboard shortcuts for every single action in the browser. Read more Create your personal browser Download Vivaldi Features All the built-in stuff you want Reduce your use of third party apps. Use native tools that are secure, reliable and never, ever, collect, share or sell your data. (We can’t even access it.) Private calendar Mail client Quick note taker Private translator Ad Blocker Pop-up blocker (also works on cookie banners) Tracking protection Full webpage screen capture Feed reader that supports YouTube (without the cookies) Contacts manager Secure mobile sync Sidebar Web Panels Shortcuts and settings for power users Make Vivaldi work the way you want it to. Keyboard Shortcuts, Mouse Gestures, Custom Search Engines and Quick Commands are just some of the ways you can customize navigation and get the most out of each browsing session. Read more Keep your extensions Vivaldi has so many features built in, you may find you no longer need your favorite extensions. But, just in case, you can always install extensions from the Chrome Web Store. Read more Sync Sync across all your devices Vivaldi works seamlessly across desktop and mobile devices, syncing your browsing history, passwords, bookmarks, tabs, and more. We use end-to-end encryption to protect your data from being accessed by third parties. And as an added bonus, we host your browsing data on-premises in Iceland, where it's covered by strict privacy laws. Vivaldi on mobile Clutter-free mobile browsing on your terms. Vivaldi on mobile is packed with useful features including a built-in Ad Blocker and tracking protection. You can seamlessly sync open tabs, saved logins, and notes to companion Vivaldi on desktop. Vivaldi on Android | Vivaldi on iOS Vivaldi for Android Automotive OS Vivaldi for Android Automotive OS offers full-scale browsing from the driver's seat. From a mobile entertainment suite to a customized command center for work on the road, Vivaldi has you covered. Vivaldi for Android Automotive OS About Vivaldi Our values in action Staying connected with our community is essential to keeping the Vivaldi spirit alive. Not to mention building the best browser possible. We also use our platform to share positive trends or to speak out on harmful practices that could put you - and society as a whole - at risk. About Vivaldi Privacy is not dead You have choices in browsers and search engines Read more Why choose Vivaldi Social, our server on Mastodon? Because it is not a bird app! 😉 It's a decentralized social network where no algorithms collect your usage pattern. No ads. No trespassing of privacy. Simple fun. Vivaldi Social Where do we stand on cryptocurrency? When you strip away the hype, virtual currencies have very real repercussions for people, society, and the environment. Read more Ever get the feeling you’re being watched? It’s time to say no to profiling and surveillance-based ads. Read more Get away from Big Tech and have fun doing it Download Vivaldi Vivaldi Help Help articlesTutorialsAsk the communityReport a bug Subscribe to our newsletter Browser Desktop Android iOS Automotive Download Vivaldi Features Compare browsers Mail Mail Calendar Feed Reader Compare email clients News Vivaldi Blog Desktop Snapshots Mobile Snapshots Help Vivaldi Help Pages Tutorials Report a Bug Contact Community Vivaldi Community Blogs Forum Themes Social Contribute Merchandise Banners About What We Believe We Don't Track You Privacy & Terms Security Our Team Jobs Press & Media Linux Distributions Status AfrikaansAzərbaycancaбългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolفارسیSuomiFrançaisGalegoMagyarՀայերենIndonesiaÍslenskaItaliano日本語関西弁TaqbaylitKurdishNederlandsNorsk bokmålpolskiPortuguês (Brasil)Português (Europeu)РусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпскиSrpskiSvenskaTürkçeUkrainian简体中文繁體中文 © Vivaldi Technologies™ — All rights reserved.