Loomio: Involve people in decisions Why Loomio Membership organizations Make more inclusive, efficient and transparent decisions that lead to better outcomes for members Governance and boards Better governance through inclusive, structured and transparent decision making Self-organizing companies Create a more engaged and collaborative culture, build trust and buy-in, and make better decisions Resources Loomio help A guide to Loomio's features and how they work. Decision-making guide Find a simple process that suits your organization, then iterate as necessary. Loomio blog Feature updates, important announcements and stories from Loomio users around the world. Case Studies Teal & self-management Boards Cooperatives Collectives Policy & government Unions Purpose driven Social enterprise Pricing Sign in Try for free Dashboard Try for free Sign in Dashboard Why Loomio - Membership organizations - Self-organizing companies - Governance and boards Case studies - Teal organizations - Boards - Cooperatives - Political parties - Unions - Activism Resources - Loomio help - Decision-making guide - Loomio blog Make good decisions, involve the right people and save time. Try Loomio for free Create a more engaged and collaborative culture, build trust and buy-in, and make better decisions Membership organizations Inclusive space to engage members Share information and raise topics Enable all members to participate Streamline decision processes Improve transparency and accountability Record decisions and document rationale Read more: Unleash the power of membership Governance and boards Safe place to communicate Involve the right people Create time and space for discussion Improve agility and response times Clear decision making Preserve institutional memory Read more: Transforming governance in collaborative organizations Self-managing organizations Involve staff in decisions Empower staff to do their best work Inclusive, transparent communication Custom decision making practices Faster, more agile decisions Document decisions and discussion Read more: Empowering with distributed decision-making Try the free demo Customize our templates to suit your practice Loomio includes predefined proposal templates - whether you already have a culture of collaborative decision making, or you are starting the journey and looking for some helpful first steps Advice process Seek advice on a decision you need to make Freedom to make a decision Benefit from advice to make a better decision Foster relationships, learning opportunities and diverse input Learn more: Advice process on Loomio Consent process Make a decision that is ‘safe to try’, without objections Make a ‘good enough’ decision Involve many voices to develop a workable proposal Amend proposal to resolve objections Learn more: Consent process on Loomio Consensus Reach collective agreement with everyone involved Discuss and develop a proposal together Include and respect everyone involved Seek agreement from most people Learn more: Consensus on Loomio Trusted by organizations around the globe Join these organizations that have adopted Loomio as their central decision-making platform. Self-management promises better, faster decision making - we proved this benefit by achieving company wide consent to the biggest, most strategic decision the company has ever made - within a week, on Loomio. It was done with all the information, all of the numbers, all the details of the strategy, all of the pros and cons and more than half of the company participated actively. Edwin Jansen Raise (Ian Martin Group) Loomio is a great tool that has saved us a lot of time. If any organization needs to integrate distributed decision making, then Loomio is going to be a great place to start. It is a tool that is here to stay in Igalia Xavier Castaño Igalia We recently had a very large decision to make as a whole company. Although everyone was working remotely, we made the decision collectively with everyone’s voice heard using Loomio. Seeing all the engagement while we were unable to come together in person was so very exciting! Emily Legree Raise (Ian Martin Group) There is no way that we could have built Enspiral without Loomio. As we used Loomio over the years it not only enabled us to develop inclusive decision making processes, it helped many of us level up our professional communication, negotiation and overall decision making skills. Anthony Cabraal Enspiral I find Loomio to be a rich environment to exchange ideas. We have monthly virtual meetings for open discussion, make changes on the document, then upload the next draft to Loomio. Our Pay Policy was approved by proposal and poll in time before the next payroll date. Louise Hodgson Leeds Environmental Design Associates Loomio has become a core part of our organization. We streamline our decision making processes by contributing thinking in Loomio in between our hui (meetings) and by sharing information so our knowledge grows. It creates a good record of what is happening across all working groups. Cally O'Neill Te Reo o Ngā Tangata: The People Speak With Loomio, long-distance is no longer an issue. You’ve got the platform to have a discussion, have a vote, and then come to an agreement on something. We get a feel of what everybody’s position is before you even get to the meeting, and you can spend your time hammering out more sensitive issues. Kim Smith Green Party of West Australia Our board group has been particularly transformative, enabling continuous governance, improving response times and increasing our agility, resilience and sustainability… Loomio saves us thousands of pounds every year. Austen Cordasco Co-operative Assistance Network Limited (CAN) Our membership is a large, diverse, geographically scattered and busy group. We wanted them to be able to interact with each other to share views and debate ideas rather than just being sent information from our offices. Jane Porter New Zealand Education Institute (NZEI) Easy to use, powerful, and open source The features you need to integrate Loomio into your organization's existing systems Easy to use Familiar to anyone who's used a social network. Easy to stay updated and participate by email alone. Focused discussion platform Allow conversations to scale and play out asynchronously. Rich text editor, attachments, category tags, annotated discussion timelines. Expressive voting systems Support decisions with voting and polling: Show of thumbs, Multiple choice, Score voting, Ranked choice, Dot voting Handy time polls Easily find out which meeting time works best for people, then send out calendar events with the winner. Connect your chat Send notifications and outcomes to Slack, Mattermost, Matrix and other chat apps. Simple integration API Automate threads, polls and memberships SSO Single Sign On support is available our private host product, or self-hosted servers. Your data + open source code Export your history as CSV, HTML or JSON. Host your own server if you wish. Cloud hosting in EU, US Want your data stored in Europe? No problem. Australia/NZ and single tennant hosting also available. No ads, minimal cookies You are not the product. We do all our analytics in-house. No Google trackers here. Multiple languages The app is available in English, French, German, Chinese, Spanish and more Automatic translation Inline translation of messages, so that people who do not speak the same lanugage can communicate with each other. Start making collaborative decisions today Take the first step in the journey Try Loomio for free Made in Aotearoa, New Zealand Hosting available in USA, EU or Australia/NZ © 2023 Loomio Cooperative Limited. All rights reserved. “Loomio” is a registered trademark of Loomio Cooperative Limited. Why Loomio Membership organizations Governance and boards Self-managing organizations Case studies Teal organizations Boards Cooperatives Political parties Unions Activism Community Blog Documentation GitHub LinkedIn Twitter Company About Contact Privacy Data policy Terms