Boy Scouts of America | Prepared. For Life.™ Boy Scouts of America Be a scout Scoutshop Give My.scouting Be a scout Scoutshop Give My.scouting Programs Cub Scouts Scouts BSA Venturing Sea Scouts Exploring Scouting Safely Scouts First Helpline (1-844-SCOUTS1) Guide to Safe Scouting Youth Protection Incident Reporting Safety Moments Annual Health & Medical Record Awards Awards Central Scholarships STEM Nova Awards Outdoor Ethics Awards Guide to Awards & Insignia About Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Special Needs and Disabilities Careers Find a Local Council Scouting Newsroom BSA Restructuring Contact Us Training Youth Training Resources Commissioners Eagle Workbook International Scouting Council Support Scouting Wire Recruitment Outdoor Programs Skills Merit Badges High Adventure Bases High Adventure Treks High Adventure Base Jobs Family Adventure Camp My.scouting Give Scoutshop Be a scout Programs Cub Scouts Scouts BSA Venturing Sea Scouts Exploring Scouting Safely Scouts First Helpline (1-844-SCOUTS1) Guide to Safe Scouting Youth Protection Incident Reporting Safety Moments Annual Health & Medical Record Awards Awards Central Scholarships STEM Nova Awards Outdoor Ethics Awards Guide to Awards & Insignia About the BSA Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Special Needs and Disabilities Careers Find a Local Council Scouting Newsroom BSA Restructuring Contact Us Training Youth Training Resources Commissioners Eagle Workbook International Scouting Council Support Scouting Wire Recruitment Outdoor Programs Skills Merit Badges High Adventure Bases High Adventure Treks High Adventure Base Jobs Family Adventure Camp Scouting is Scouting is Support Our Mission Donate to Scouting and help support future leaders Donate Now Support Our Mission Donate to Scouting and help support future leaders Donate Now 2023 National Jamboree Join us at one of Scouting’s biggest events Learn more 2023 National Jamboree Join us at one of Scouting’s biggest events Learn more The Scouting Programs Cub ScoutsGrades K–5 Scouts BSAAges 11-17 VenturingAges 14-20 Sea ScoutsAges 14-20 ExploringAges 10-20 Want to learn more about the programs? Find answers about meetings, activities, and more on our programs page! LEARN MORE Scout´s Motto “Be prepared” Our Mission The mission of the Boy Scouts of America is to prepare young people to make ethical and moral choices over their lifetimes by instilling in them the values of the Scout Oath and Law. Scout Law A Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent. Scout Oath “On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout Law; to help other people at all times; to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.” The Value of Scouting Discovery is at the heart of Scouting. Whether it’s a campout, derby car race, or hike on the trail, we believe every adventure helps us uncover a little more about ourselves. We build the foundations for humility and compassion—strengthening character through actions—to prepare youth for a lifetime of leadership. Prepared. For Life. Scouting teaches youth to confront any challenge with whole hearts and clear minds—to live their lives without regret, never back down, and do their very best! Safety In Scouting, we will not compromise the safety of our youth, volunteers, and employees. Safety is a value that must be taught and reinforced at every opportunity. We are all responsible and must hold each other accountable to provide a safe environment for all participants. Diversity The BSA promotes a culture where youth, volunteers, and employees feel a sense of belonging—where every person feels respected and valued. We welcome families of all backgrounds to help prepare young people to serve as successful members and leaders of our nation’s diverse communities. Become Your Best Self Through fun yet challenging physical and mental activities, Scouting encourages personal growth by teaching youth how to set goals and achieve them with determination. Fun for the Whole Family Scouting is something the whole family can experience together. We designed our program so that anyone—brothers, sisters, mothers, and fathers—can have fun and make an impact! One of the greatest gifts for my family is that Scouting has provided our only son with a fantastic group of siblings who care for and support him! Catherine Scouts BSA Mother and Leader Scouting is a way of life – a way of having time with family to share good times and memories! Juan Cub Scout Parent In Scouting, you have a whole family of people to nurture and support children – and they work together to make sure everyone is successful! Apryl Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader Scouting is for everybody – it really is a family-based program. Lester Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader I want kids, not just my own, but all kids, to feel for what another person might be missing and understand what another might be going through in their life. I want our kids to have fun but also care for one another! Lydialice Scouts BSA Mother and Leader Scouting makes the most of the time we have with our children! Michelle Cub Scout Parent One of the greatest gifts for my family is that Scouting has provided our only son with a fantastic group of siblings who care for and support him! Catherine Scouts BSA Mother and Leader Scouting is a way of life – a way of having time with family to share good times and memories! Juan Cub Scout Parent In Scouting, you have a whole family of people to nurture and support children – and they work together to make sure everyone is successful! Apryl Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader Scouting is for everybody – it really is a family-based program. Lester Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader I want kids, not just my own, but all kids, to feel for what another person might be missing and understand what another might be going through in their life. I want our kids to have fun but also care for one another! Lydialice Scouts BSA Mother and Leader One of the greatest gifts for my family is that Scouting has provided our only son with a fantastic group of siblings who care for and support him! Michelle Cub Scout Parent One of the greatest gifts for my family is that Scouting has provided our only son with a fantastic group of siblings who care for and support him! Catherine Scouts BSA Mother and Leader Scouting is a way of life – a way of having time with family to share good times and memories! Juan Cub Scout Parent In Scouting, you have a whole family of people to nurture and support children – and they work together to make sure everyone is successful! Apryl Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader Scouting is for everybody – it really is a family-based program. Lester Scouts BSA Parent and Troop Leader I want kids, not just my own, but all kids, to feel for what another person might be missing and understand what another might be going through in their life. I want our kids to have fun but also care for one another! Lydialice Scouts BSA Mother and Leader One of the greatest gifts for my family is that Scouting has provided our only son with a fantastic group of siblings who care for and support him! Michelle Cub Scout Parent Scouting Is the Difference Our unique programs focused on character development, leadership and outdoor exploration provide a lifetime of benefits! Compared to non-Scouts, Scouts are more likely to: Embrace positive social values Develop kindness, helpfulness, and cheerfulness Have a greater sense of hope for their future Join Donate Volunteer NATIONAL HIGH ADVENTURE BASES Experience a rush of adrenaline with your best friends and family! Further your Scouting experience with outdoor activities and leadership training at a National High Adventure Base. Philmont Scout Ranch Go on a legendary backpacking trek in the rugged hills of Northern New Mexico. Sea Base From snorkeling and ocean kayaking or paddle boarding with friends and sailing, Sea Base is the ultimate maritime adventure! Northern Tier Scenic canoe journeys and wilderness camping await you at the premier Scouting experience for water-based exploration in the Great North Woods of northern Minnesota and Canada! The Summit Whether it's paddling inflatable kayaks down whitewater rapids, racing ATVs on backcountry tracks, or sharpening archery skills —there's a super-charged outdoor adventure waiting for everyone at the Summit Bechtel Reserve. LEARN MORE Scout Shop is Your One-Stop Shop for All Things Scouting! As the exclusive retailer of the BSA, 35% of every Scout Shop purchase supports the future of Scouting. SHOP NOW From Cub Scouts to Venturing, Scout Shop Is Your One-Stop Shop For Uniforms! 35% of Every Scout Shop Purchase Supports the Future of Scouting. SHOP NOW All Your Camping Gear in One Place From tents and hammocks to sleeping bags, backpacks, mess kits and more, Scout Shop is your one-stop shop for camping gear! SHOP NOW Find the Perfect Gift for Any Scout Take the stress out of holiday shopping and find the perfect gift for everyone on your list with our Holiday Gift Guide! SHOP NOW Get Ready to Race From Pinewood Derby Kits to fun Peel-N’-Stick Decals, Scout Shop is your one-stop shop for official Pinewood Derby gear! SHOP NOW Boyscoutsofamerica Follow Follow Get the latest news and reminders of Scouting’s biggest events with Scout Life Magazine—delivered straight to your door or device for a full year! Subscribe BSA Resources My Scouting Scout Life Magazine Scouting Magazine Scoutbook Scouting Newsroom Alumni NESA My Scouting Scout Life Magazine Scouting Magazine Scoutbook Scouting Newsroom Alumni NESA BSA Info About FAQ Careers Contact Us About FAQ Careers Contact Us LEGAL Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Connect With Us © 2024 Boy Scouts of America - All Rights ReservedRegistered 501(c)(3). EIN: 22-1576300 give be a scout scoutshop give be a scout scoutshop Bray Barnes Director, Global Security Innovative Strategies Bray Barnes is a recipient of the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award, Silver Beaver, Silver Antelope, Silver Buffalo, and Learning for Life Distinguished Service Award. He received the Messengers of Peace Hero award from the royal family of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and he’s a life member of the 101st Airborne Association and Vietnam Veterans Association. Barnes serves as a senior fellow for the Global Federation of Competitiveness Councils, a nonpartisan network of corporate CEOs, university presidents, and national laboratory directors. He has also served as a senior executive for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, leading the first-responder program and has two U.S. presidential appointments David Alexander Managing Member Calje David Alexander is a Baden-Powell Fellow, Summit Bechtel Reserve philanthropist, and recipient of the Silver Buffalo and Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. He is the founder of Caljet, one of the largest independent motor fuels terminals in the U.S. He has served the Arizona Petroleum Marketers Association, Teen Lifeline, and American Heart Association. A triathlete who has completed hundreds of races, Alexander has also mentored the women’s triathlon team at Arizona State University. Glenn Adams President, CEO & Managing DirectorStonetex Oil Corp. Glenn Adams is a recipient of the Silver Beaver, Silver Antelope, Silver Buffalo, and Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. He is the former president of the National Eagle Scout Association and established the Glenn A. and Melinda W. Adams National Eagle Scout Service Project of the Year Award. He has more than 40 years of experience in the oil, gas, and energy fields, including serving as a president, owner, and CEO. Adams has also received multiple service awards from the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers.