Southern Poverty Law Center Skip to main content Accessibility Search SPLC Donate Menu Hopewatch ResourcesFeatures and Stories Extremist Files Hatewatch Year in Hate & Extremism Case Docket Guides Publications Southeast Immigrant Freedom Initiative What We DoOur Initiatives Fighting HateHate Map Extremist Files TechWatch Preventing Youth Radicalization Whose Heritage? Learning for Justice Seeking Justice Civil Rights MemorialThe Experience Curriculum Visit Us Our IssuesHate & Extremism Children's Rights Immigrant JusticeFamily Separation Rights of Asylum Seekers Local Policing and Immigration Enforcement Workers’ Rights Southeast Immigrant Freedom Initiative LGBTQ RightsConversion Therapy LGBTQ Youth Rights Economic JusticeRequest for Legal Assistance — Economic Justice Criminal Justice Reform Voting RightsOur Future, Our Vote Voting Rights - AL Voting Rights - FL Voting Rights - GA Voting Rights - LA Voting Rights - MS Federal Resources and Amicus Briefs Hatewatch Hate MapHate Group Flyering Map Donate Search Instagram Facebook Twitter About Us Accessibility Press Center Ways to Give Donate Search splcenter.org Search Honoring the past Annual ceremony begins three days of activities marking 59 years since the Selma to Montgomery March https://www.splcenter.org/news/2024/03/01/jubilee-ceremony-civil-rights-memorial… STAY INFORMED: Sign up for updates from the SPLC Latest News Women's History Month Event honors enslaved women subjected to gynecological experiments in Alabama March 01, 2024 Black History Month Hate & Extremism Tour of Florida historic sites illuminates white supremacy in the legal system Comments Children's Rights Hopewatch Survey examining youth experience of gun violence underscores need for action Comments Black History Month Hate & Extremism Hopewatch Freedom Rider recounts his struggle for justice during the Civil Rights Movement Comments Economic Justice Georgia residents displaced from affordable housing denied decent places to live Comments Black History Month Hate & Extremism Hopewatch Musical performance honors people who marched for voting rights in Selma Comments Children's Rights Teachers sue Georgia school district over restrictions on inclusive education Comments See more News Hate Map The Southern Poverty Law Center documented 1,255 active hate and antigovernment groups in the United States last year. Search Your Area What We Do We employ a three-pronged strategy to battle racial and social injustice: Fighting Hate Southern Poverty Law Center monitors hate groups and other extremists throughout the U.S. and exposes their activities to law enforcement agencies, the media and the public. Learn More Teaching Tolerance We know we don't achieve equality and justice through the courts and investigative reporting alone. The future of our great country lies in the hands of today's young people. Learn More Seeking Justice We use the courts and other forms of advocacy to win systemic reforms on behalf of victims of bigotry and discrimination. Learn More Support Our Work Your gift will help win justice on behalf of those who have no other champion, expose and fight the hate that thrives in our country, and provide tolerance education materials free of charge to schools across our nation. Donate Now Our Priorities Hate & Extremism Learn More Children's Rights Learn More Economic Justice Learn More Immigrant Justice Learn More LGBTQ Rights Learn More Criminal Justice Reform Learn More Voting Rights Learn More Southeast Immigrant Freedom Initiative We provide free legal representation to detained immigrants facing deportation proceedings in the Southeast. ​You can help. Learn More Hatewatch Hatewatch increases public understanding of how white supremacy is infecting and affecting the mainstream, how it harms communities and is a threat to democracy. Get the Latest Join Our Mailing List Get the latest news updates from the Southern Poverty Law Center. Sign up for our newsletter Email Address * Become A Friend Friends of the Center support the fight for tolerance and justice with a modest, monthly gift. Learn More Class Action Lawsuits Learn more about our current class action cases or find out if you might be a class member. Learn More Contact the SPLC Your questions and concerns are important to us. Let us know how we can help. Contact Us Home Facebook Twitter Instagram SPLC is a nonprofit, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization (EIN: 63-0598743) The Southern Poverty Law Center400 Washington AvenueMontgomery, AL 36104 The Civil Rights Memorial Center Learn More About UsPress Center Our History Board of Directors Leadership State Offices Careers Open RFPs Financial Information Accessibility Statement Privacy & Terms Contact Us Press Inquiries Support UsFriends of the Center Planned Giving Gifts of Stock and Securities Create Your Will For Free Gifts from your IRA Employer Matching Other Ways of Giving Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Donor Resources ResourcesFeatures and Stories Case Docket #ReportHate Extremist Files Hatewatch Intelligence Report Publications Activist Toolkits