Nextcloud - Open source content collaboration platform Register for the Enterprise Day 2024! Register now Looking to migrate to Nextcloud? Move now Nextcloud Hub 7 is here! Learn more Products Nextcloud Hub Nextcloud FilesFile Sync and Share Nextcloud TalkCalls, chat and video conferencing Nextcloud GroupwareCalendar, Contacts & Mail Nextcloud OfficeReal time document collaboration Microsoft integrations Solutions Nextcloud EnterpriseFor mission-critical use Public sector Enterprises Service providers Education Pricing Nextcloud at homeFor families, students & you Resources Blog Events Press Webinars Nextcloud Podcast Documentation Success stories App Store FAQ Support Portal Community How to contribute Code on GitHub Report a bug Community support Developer program Code of Conduct Nextcloud Include Migration About About us Comparison with others Security Team Jobs Partners Search our site Request a demo Download Desktop & mobile appsWindows , macOS, Linux, Android, iOS Nextcloud serverFor self-hosting on your server Sign up nowGet free account at a provider English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Regain control over your data Remote collaboration made easy On-premises or cloud Customizable and scaleable No data leaks to third parties Request a demo Download Powering collaboration The most popular open source content collaboration platform for tens of millions of users at thousands of organizations across the globe See all case studies Nextcloud Hub integrates the four key Nextcloud products Files, Talk, Groupware and Office into a single platform, optimizing the flow of collaboration. Nextcloud Hub Easy access anywhere Powerful access control Infrastructure integration Designed for humans Group chat Web conferencing Screensharing Unique protection Avoid data leaks Team planning Email made easy Easy access, anywhere Use your existing apps Self-hosted online office View and reply to comments Chat or have a call while editing docx/pptx/xlsx support Nextcloud Files Nextcloud Files offers a self-hosted file storage and sync platform with powerful collaboration capabilities with desktop, mobile and web interfaces Learn more Nextcloud Talk Nextcloud Talk delivers on-premises, private audio/video conferencing and text chat through browser and mobile interfaces with integrated screen sharing and SIP integration. Learn more Nextcloud Groupware Nextcloud Groupware integrates Calendar, Contacts, Mail and other productivity features to help teams get their work done faster, easier and on your terms. Learn more Nextcloud Office Nextcloud Office is a powerful LibreOffice-based online office suite with collaborative editing, which supports all major document, spreadsheet and presentation file formats and works in all modern browsers. Learn more Play Hub video now Solutions Nextcloud use cases Nextcloud is committed to provide self hosted open source cloud file storage technology that is a perfect fit for the privacy and security of your enterprise Public sectorGovernments are moving away from foreign cloud providers amid rising concerns about digital sovereignty and are opting for secure self hosted cloud file storage platforms.See more EnterprisesAmid a push to improve efficiency and facilitate remote work through online collaboration technology, enterprises counter a growing compliance, cost and data leak risk by strategic deployments of Nextcloud.See more Service providersLeverage your infrastructure and keep your customers yours with easily scalable, fully branded cloud storage software and collaboration tools.See more EducationEducation is a heavily regulated industry where protection of academic data and personal information of students with compliant file sync collaboration tools is a top priority.See more Get Nextcloud at home Get in touch Reduce risk, improve remote team communication and minimize operational expenses with the leading open source cloud file storage and content collaboration platform. Contact us now to learn how Nextcloud can help you! Get a quote Talk to us Newsletter Why Nextcloud? With over 400.000 deployments, Nextcloud is the most popular on-premises content collaboration platform you can download. It scales from a Raspberry Pi with 2 users to globally distributed installations with tens of millions of users at major hosting providers. What makes it so popular? Productivity Enable productivity across any platform, whether in the office or on the road, to share, collaborate and communicate across organizational boundaries. Nextcloud provides transparent access to data on any storage. Control Protect, control and monitor data and communication across your company. Guarantee compliance with business and legal requirements. Keep your data on servers you own, at all times. Nothing leaks, not even metadata. Community Enjoy constant improvements from a thriving and transparent, entirely open-source community development model, free of lockins or paywalls. Enjoy the benefits of enterprise support when you need it. Try Nextcloud now See it in action Nextcloud is designed to offer best in class productivity, and is developed at an impressive pace with new functionality becoming available every few months. We selected some videos to give you an idea of what we’re up to. Learn more Nextcloud Hub 7 Watch the announcement of Nextcloud Hub 7 Home office Why Nextcloud is the perfect home office platform Nextcloud events Nextcloud welcomes you to in-person events, conferences and trade shows as well as webinars and online meetings. See all events Compliance KitSee more Auditing capabilitiesSee more File Access ControlSee more HIPAA, GDPR and more Compliant by design Nextcloud products are designed with compliance in mind, providing extensive data policy enforcement, encryption, user management and auditing capabilities. Contact us Get in touch Reduce risk, improve citizen communication and reduce operational expenses with the leading content collaboration platform. Contact us now to learn how Nextcloud can help you! Get a quote Talk to us Newsletter See how we stack up Compare Nextcloud with other solutions and see why it is the market leader in open source cloud file storage and collaboration platforms. Compare Nextcloud offers a modern, on-premises content collaboration platform with real-time document editing, video chat & groupware on mobile, desktop and web. Search Search: About Nextcloud About us Jobs Code of conduct Privacy Press Legal note Trademarks Features Human Rights Policy Code of Ethics Resources Download App Store Admin manual User manual Security Developer information Code on GitHub Compare with others Search Interact Support Forums Demo Contact us Bug Tracker Cookies preferences © 2021 - 2024 Nextcloud GmbH We save some cookies to count visitors and make the site easier to use. This doesn't leave our server and isn't to track you personally! See our Privacy Policy for more information. Customize Accept all cookies Reject all Customize Essentials More details Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website. Cookie name:wp-wpml_current_language Cookie description:Set the language on the website Cookie expiry:No expiration Consent Cookie name:nc_cookie_banner Cookie description:Saves the cookie containing the user cookies preferences Cookie expiry:30 days Consent Convenience More details Cookies used to save the data entered in forms, such as name, email, phone number, and preferred language. Cookie name:nc_form_fields Cookie description:Remembers the data filled in the forms for the next time (name, email, phone and preferred language) Cookie expiry:30 days Consent Statistics More details Statistics cookies collect information anonymously and help us understand how our visitors use our website. We use on-premises Matomo Service:Matomo Cookies description: _pk_ses*: Counts the first visit of the user _pk_id*: Helps not to double count the visits. Cookies expiry:_pk_ses*: 30 minutes _pk_id*: 28 days Consent External media More details Allows connections for loading external media. No cookies from Youtube or Vimeo will be set. Service:Play Youtube videos Service description: All of the Youtube videos get unblocked if this setting is saved Cookie expiry: - Consent Service:Play Vimeo videos Service description: All of the Vimeo videos get unblocked if this setting is saved Cookie expiry: - Consent