LINE MUSIC LINE MUSIC Open Open Music Overall Menus We cannot display the screen because JavaScript is invalidated JavaScript to close the overall menu that closes the menu overall menus.Activate JavaScript in the browser settings and try it again.Listen to the singing music. Listen to the whole music #Press from the masterpieces to the latest hit songs Unlimited # First of all, download the App Store Google Play app for one month free and have a free trial.You can cancel at any time.Listening to the unlimited listening masterpieces to the latest hit songs Lyrics Lyrics immediately check the lyrics checking the lyrics while watching the lyrics. Let's enjoy more music while watching the lyrics * Some songs are not supported.Enjoy the offline preservation. Save the songs you listen to repeatedly in the app and enjoy it without worrying about Giga * Customize LINE Customized LINE that you always use with music and MV LINE profile with music or MV.Customize yourness LINE Kuyuta® LINE Phone Rounding and calling sounds Let's change the lyrics you care about Lyrics Check out the lyrics immediately while watching the lyrics display lyrics. Let's enjoy more music.There are songs OFFLINE Enjoy without worrying about radio wave conditions and data communication charges. Save the songs you listen to repeatedly in the app, enjoy the songs without worrying about Giga * Customize the LINE that you always use with music with music with music.BGM / MV LINE Profile Customize Violence with Songs and MV Let's change the ringtone / calling sound of the LINE Phone from the standard sound. Unlimited viewing high quality MV and monopoly content unlimited viewing without advertisement (exclusive content (Feat. Flower) Hanako Takamine (Music Video) Back Number Monster YOASOBI Mirai Chis (Illustration Ver) Night Laughing Make You Happy NIZIU Unlimited song is Karaoke!Let's aim for a high score with the scoring function * Some songs are not supported.* Functions only for apps.* The Android version is only 8 or more.* Karaoke scoring functions cannot be used for iPhone5s ~ 7 and iOS12 or less.See more ways to enjoy LINE MUSIC Special LINE Stamp All -you -can -use! LINE Music users can use LINE Stamp Premium (Basic Course) without additional charges. Click here for LINE Stamp Premium for the first time.You can try it for free for one month. Generally, 1,080 yen per month for students, 580 yen per month for students * LINE STORE also sells great plans with junior high school students!General year contract is advantageous!You can enjoy up to 6 family families!¥ 580 ¥ 580 ¥ 1,080 ¥ 1,080 A contract for ¥ 10,800 2 months ¥ 1,680 ¥ 1,680 ¥ 280 per person ※ Premium plan (student discount / monthly fee) is eligible for junior high school students and above.Look at the price plan. First, free trials are free for the first time for the first time!Cancellation OK anytime OK. Start quickly. Start up Now. Enrich the functions of the web version that starts soon! Download the LINE MUSIC app Privacy Policy Specified Commercial Transaction Law Display Help Inquiry Use © LINE MUSIC CORPORATION LINE INSTAGRAM X