Preprints.org - The Multidisciplinary Preprint Platform Submit preprint How it Works Instructions for Authors Subject Areas Advisory Board screening preprints About Awards Log in/Register Instructions for Authors Awards About FAQ Submit Log in/Register The Multidisciplinary Preprint Platform Subject CategoriesArts and HumanitiesBiology and Life SciencesBusiness, Economics and ManagementChemistry and Materials ScienceComputer Science and MathematicsEngineeringEnvironmental and Earth SciencesMedicine and PharmacologyPhysical SciencesPublic Health and HealthcareSocial Sciences Subjects SEARCH Preprints on COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 How it works? 1 Submission Authors upload their manuscript and supplementary files via the online submission system. 2 Moderation Preprints.org editors carry out initial checks on content, decisions are made within 24 hours. 3 Archived & Online Preprints that pass the initial checks are posted online, are immediately citable and open for comments. All Research Fields Accept preprints from all fields, so your article will always be a good fit. High visibility Link ORCID, SciProfiles and social media accounts to make sure your preprint gets noticed. Permanent Archiving Upload multiple versions of your paper: they will all be securely archived. Article-Level Metrics Keep track of all mentions of your article counts, whether on social media, in news outlets or citations. Citable All preprints receive a digital object identifier (doi) to make them immediately citable. View More MDPI Topics (open for submission) Preprints.org is cooperating with MDPI Topics. MDPI Topics in Preprints.org is a service offered to authors who want to submit to a MDPI journal after posting their paper on Preprints.org. If you want to know, please see details. Electricity Demand-Side Management António Gomes Martins, Luís Pires Neves, José Luís Sousa Submission deadline 30 April 2023 Read more See more MDPI Topics Friendly Journals (open for researcher & scholar) To advance open science and the fast dissemination of research, Preprints.org is striving for offering more and more free services for authors. This “Friendly Journals” service has been built for a direct connection between journals and Preprints.org. Users can now choose one of the friendly journals for their articles to be submitted to via Preprints.org. If an editor at the chosen journal reads the article, the author will be contacted to contribute their paper to the friendly journal. Benefits Time saving Journal recommendations Check for the Friendly Journals list News Preprints.org Celebrates a Milestone: 60,000th Preprint Posted 2 February 2024 We are delighted to announce a significant achievement: Preprints.org has reached a remarkable milestone with the posting of its 60,000th preprint, titled "Vegetable Extracts as Therapeutic Agents: A Public Voting for &ldquo;Preprints.org 2023 Most Popular Preprints Award&rdquo; is Now Open 1 February 2024 We are excited to announce that the public voting channel for the “Preprints.org 2023 Most Popular Preprints Award” is now open! Do not miss your chance to have a say in determining the wi Preprints.org Launches "2023 Most Popular Preprints Award" 4 September 2023 We are pleased to announce that Preprints.org is launching the “2023 Most Popular Preprints Award” to recognize the scientific contributions of the preprints shared on our platform in 2023 Preprints.org Celebrates Announcement of Its 40,000th Preprint 10 July 2023 With the announcement of “Navigating Morocco's Agricultural Policy: Unraveling the Nexus of Water, Food Security, and Trade Tensions in Global Value Chains,” authored by Dr. Abdelmonim Ama View More 31,059 Total preprints 118,187 Unique authors 37.12 Median hours to announcement 15,019,927 Total page views Preprints.org is a free preprint server subsidized by MDPI in Basel, Switzerland. Contact us RSS MDPI Initiatives SciProfiles Sciforum Encyclopedia MDPI Books Scilit Proceedings JAMS Important links How it Works Advisory Board FAQ Friendly Journals Instructions for Authors About Statistics Subscribe Choose the area that interest you and we will send you notifications of new preprints at your preferred frequency. Subscribe Subscribe Submit × © 2024 MDPI (Basel, Switzerland) unless otherwise stated Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of Use We use cookies on our website to ensure you get the best experience. Read more about our cookies here. OK RSS feed for Preprints: The Multidisciplinary Preprint Platform Paste the URL in your RSS reader: https://www.preprints.org/rss If you want to subscribe our website in subject-wide, you could find the URL by choosing in the following: select Arts and Humanities Biology and Life Sciences Business, Economics and Management Chemistry and Materials Science Computer Science and Mathematics Engineering Environmental and Earth Sciences Medicine and Pharmacology Physical Sciences Public Health and Healthcare Social Sciences https://www.preprints.org/rss Please note that by using ScienceDirect RSS feeds, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ×