Android Central - News, Reviews, Deals & Help on all Android devices Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Android Central Android Central Search Search Android Central Subscribe US EditionUSUKAustraliaCanadaIndia No offers found Phones Reviews Best Accessories Apps & Software Wearables Chromebooks More Tablets VR & Gaming Streaming & TV Deals Podcasts Forums About Us TrendingAndroid 15Google GeminiSamsung Galaxy S24OnePlus 12Google Pixel 8 Latest News Vivo's next foldable phone might be the most powerful one yet Jay Bonggolto published 5 March 24 A spec beast A new leak just revealed the key specs of the Vivo X Fold 3 series, and it could pack some serious top-notch features. YouTube Music gives the Now Playing screen a cleaner look on the Web Vishnu Sarangapurkar published 5 March 24 New WEB Player After rolling out an offline downloads feature for the YouTube Music web version, a new revamp is in the works. This Android Auto update cuts down on distractions when you're driving Jay Bonggolto published 5 March 24 drive safely Android Auto's new update helps you stay focused while driving by limiting distractions on your screen. The Pixel Watch March 2024 update is also here Vishnu Sarangapurkar published 5 March 24 Phased rollout It is that time of the month when we see the updates to Pixel devices, and additionally, Google is also bringing the Feature Drop. Google Pixel March 2024 update rolling out with tons of bug fixes Johnny Flores published 5 March 24 Bug fixes The update is available to Android 14 users beginning today and brings improvements and bug fixes. The best Samsung Galaxy S24 deals and prices on the web: March 2024 Patrick Farmer last updated 4 March 24 S24 deals The S24 series officially hit store shelves on January 31st, and we've gathered all the best deals. Throw your camera in the trash. AI is here to make photography better Traditional photography methods can't compare. Smart photos! The coolest things we saw at MWC 2024 Doom on a lawn mower? Count us in! Cool tech things Android Central's Best of MWC 2024 Our favorite tech toys from MWC 2024. Best of show Smart glasses at MWC 2024 are starting to look like science fiction I can finally see how smart glasses could become a viable category. I can see it! What is the new Wear OS Hybrid Interface? Google has finally made it easier for watchmakers to balance features with battery life. Finally Don't install Android 15 right now If you're smart, you'll steer clear of it. Testing 1,2,3 Be an expert in 5 minutesGet the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of AndroidContact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Grid List Phones Samsung Galaxy A15 5G review: A decent phone for the price By Brady Snyder published 5 March 24 Budget buy The Samsung Galaxy A15 5G is a fairly capable smartphone for $200, but you start to notice where Samsung cut corners in day-to-day performance. Budget buy Amazon drops record-breaking discounts on the entire Galaxy S24 lineup (finally!) By Patrick Farmer published 4 March 24 Sign me up Amazon and Best Buy have both kicked off the new month by slashing prices on Samsung's entire Galaxy S24 series. Sign me up Using your Android phone as a webcam is going to be hassle-free By Vishnu Sarangapurkar published 4 March 24 ditch the webcam Windows 11 users could soon ditch their crappy webcams and instead use their high-quality Android phone cameras as webcams — thanks to the new update. ditch the webcam Best AT&T cell phone plans 2024 By Samuel Contreras last updated 4 March 24 Take your pick! As one of the three big carriers in the United States, AT&T has a plethora of cell phone plans — both unlimited and prepaid — to meet the requirements of anyone and everyone. Take your pick! Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 coming in October with Oryon CPU By Vishnu Sarangapurkar published 4 March 24 Oryon CPUs The chipset maker's CMO, Don McGuire, has shared some insights into the next flagship Qualcomm SoC at MWC this week. Oryon CPUs Google's upcoming 'Satellite SOS' feature is reportedly on the way for Pixels By Nickolas Diaz published 4 March 24 Satellite safety A dive into an Android app's latest beta showed signs of Google's preparation to bring a "Satellite SOS" feature. Satellite safety VIEW MORE PHONES Grid List Apps & Software Google Maps' latest test lets you see where you can enter a building By Nickolas Diaz published 4 March 24 No more confusion Google was spotted starting a new test in Maps, which lets users see where they can enter a building. No more confusion Your Instagram DMs just got better as an edit button arrives By Nickolas Diaz published 4 March 24 Quick edits Instagram detailed a new update rolling out today that packs a new edit button for DMs and more for messages. Quick edits Spotify targets Audible again as it rolls out a new audiobook 'Access' tier By Nickolas Diaz published 4 March 24 In it for the stories Spotify announced the rollout of its new "Audiobook Access" tier, which opens up its 200,000 title catalog for a cheaper price. In it for the stories WhatsApp may let you pick which third-party chat apps can talk to it By Jay Bonggolto published 4 March 24 laying the groundwork A new beta release provides clues about WhatsApp getting on board with third-party chats. laying the groundwork Some Indian brands are in dispute with Google over paying Play Store fee By Steven Shaw published 4 March 24 Pay to Play Google’s dispute with third-party app developers shows little sign of an easy resolution. Pay to Play Google app tests new colorful shortcut buttons for Search By Brady Snyder published 4 March 24 More color Google is testing four new colorful buttons in the Google app, highlighting features that were previously harder to find. More color VIEW MORE APPS & SOFTWARE Meet the team Shruti Shekar Editor-in-Chief Derrek Lee Managing Editor Michael Hicks Senior Editor — AR/VR and Wearables Jerry Hildenbrand Senior Editor — Google Ecosystem Harish Jonnalagadda Senior Editor — Asia Andrew Myrick Senior Editor — Chromebooks, Tablets, Wearables Namerah Saud Fatmi Editor — Accessories Nick Sutrich Senior Content Producer — Smartphones & VR Patrick Farmer eCommerce Editor Grid List Wearables Google's next Pixel Watch will reportedly come in bigger 45mm size By Brady Snyder published 4 March 24 At last A new report says that Google will add a 45mm variant to the Pixel Watch 3, finally answering user calls for a bigger version of the company's smartwatch. At last Does the OnePlus Watch 2 support wireless charging? By Christine Persaud published 3 March 24 Charge and go One of the best features of the new OnePlus Watch 2 is its generous battery life along with the dual-engine architecture that further extends battery life and a useful Power Saver mode. Charge and go Best kids smartwatch 2024 By Chris Wedel, Namerah Saud Fatmi published 3 March 24 Wearables for littles Finding the right kids' watch with the features and privacy you want can be tough, but we've done the work for you. Wearables for littles Samsung and Motorola want us to wear our smartphones. We REALLY shouldn't. By Michael L Hicks published 3 March 24 MWC 2024 was full of sci-fi-esque tech like transparent laptops, but a wearable, bendable smartphone doesn't even make sense on Star Trek. Wearables Best Wear OS watch 2024 By Michael L Hicks last updated 3 March 24 Wear this If you want a feature-packed and stylish Wear OS watch, you have plenty of options from manufacturers such as Samsung, Google, Fossil, Mobvoi, and more. Wear this More Wear OS watch faces will use less power in the future By Jay Bonggolto published 3 March 24 energy-saving watch faces Google wants developers to build new Wear OS watch faces that use less battery. energy-saving watch faces VIEW MORE WEARABLES Grid List Accessories Best Pixel 7 cases 2024 By Namerah Saud Fatmi last updated 4 March 24 Dress up your Pixel Put one of these awesome cases on your Pixel 7 to keep it looking as good as the day you bought it. Dress up your Pixel Best wireless earbuds for Android 2024 By Ted Kritsonis last updated 4 March 24 Enjoy in-ear audio The best wireless earbuds balance great sound with all-day comfort, plus a little bit of bang for the buck. Here are the best options that money can buy. Enjoy in-ear audio Fuchsia version 16 is now available on Nest Hub devices, fixes connectivity issues By Brady Snyder published 4 March 24 bug fixes Google is rolling out the Fuchsia 16 update to Nest Hub devices starting now with bug fixes and other improvements, namely to connectivity. bug fixes ASUSTOR Nimbustor 2 Gen2 AS5402T review: This 2.5GbE NAS is a terrific Plex server By Harish Jonnalagadda published 4 March 24 Upgrade With four M.2 slots in addition to the two HDD bays, the AS5402T is a stellar option if you want to combine mechanical drives with SSDs. Upgrade Best Samsung Galaxy A54 cases 2024 By Namerah Saud Fatmi last updated 3 March 24 Strapping cases Nabbed yourself one of the best budget phones? Smart choice. Keep it up and grab a protective case for your Samsung Galaxy A54 while you're at it. Strapping cases VIEW MORE ACCESSORIES Grid List Gaming Meta Quest Plus' new 'catalog' of games comes with a $25 store credit incentive By Michael L Hicks published 28 February 24 Expand your Quest library Meta is making its monthly subscription a combination of Xbox Game Pass and PS Plus, with both a set games catalog and two new monthly games. Expand your Quest library Best game controllers for Android 2024 By Andrew Myrick last updated 28 February 24 Fun-sized joysticks Mobile gaming is exploding with more people getting into it regularly. We've found the best game controllers to pair with your Android phone. Fun-sized joysticks Best Android games with Bluetooth controller support 2024 By Rachel Mogan last updated 28 February 24 Take control Gaming on Android typically requires you to settle for using touchscreen controls. However, some gracious game developers take the time and effort to include support for Bluetooth gamepads. Take control Future Games Show 2024 will be hosted by Baldur's Gate 3, Final Fantasy XVI stars By Michael L Hicks published 28 February 24 March 21 Get ready for over 40 new game announcements on March 21, hosted by Samantha Béart (Karlach) and Ben Starr (Clive Rosfield) at Future Games Show 2024. March 21 Stranger Things VR review: A beautiful but hollow trip By Charlie Wacholz published 27 February 24 Upside down Stranger Things VR's gorgeous visuals are worth the price of admission, but this experience is definitely best for fans of the show. Upside down VIEW MORE GAMING Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility statement Careers Licensing External links disclosure About us Newsletter Advertising inquiries Licensing and reprints iMore Windows Central © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.