Home - Charity Miles App Skip to content Home How It Works Our Members Employee Engagement Corporate Sponsors Charities Blog Home How It Works Our Members Employee Engagement Corporate Sponsors Charities Blog Menu Home How It Works Our Members Employee Engagement Corporate Sponsors Charities Blog Every Mile Matters We help people, charities and companies make an impact with every step. 4.9 out of 5 stars from +62,000 reviews ★★★★★ 4.7/5 Download App We Go The Extra Mile! Whether you're an individual looking to raise money for your favorite charity, a charity looking for a better way to engage your supporters, or a company looking to improve employee well-being and CSR engagement, we'll go the extra mile for you! Get Fit - Make an Impact Even just walking through your day, you can raise money and awareness for your favorite charity. Learn more Corporate Sponsors We help mission-driven brands activate their purpose and engage our members around common values. Learn more Employee Engagement Charity Miles is a fun, easy way to weave wellbeing and CSR into your company's culture. Learn more Charities: Grow Your Movement We help charities activate, engage and retain their best grassroots and corporate supporters. Learn more Press and Awards Members Charity Miles empowers you to make an impact for charity whenever you walk, run, bike or otherwise get moving. Even just walking through your day can make a big impact – for your own health, and the causes you care about.If you're the type of person who goes the extra mile, we'd love for you to join us Member Spotlight Our members are active-ists. They like to live healthy & help others. Meet our members Corporate Sponsors We're honored to partner with some of the world’s most mission-driven brands.Whether you’re looking to align your brand with a cause, activate your charitable partnerships, or connect with our members around common values, we can help. Get in touch Learn More Employee Engagement Our Employee Empowerment program helps hundreds of the world’s top companies improve employee engagement, well-being, and participation around their CSR initiatives.Yes, we can help you do a “step challenge” for charity.But we can also help you do so much more by thinking beyond the traditional challenge, empowering your employees with an easy, fun way to make well-being and corporate social responsibility a part of your company’s identity and culture. Learn More Sydney Tomlin I'm impressed with Webtec's will-do attitude and their thoughtful layout of the website. For Charities Charity Miles is more than a virtual charity walk.If you're a charity, we can help you grow by attracting, engaging, and retaining your grassroots and corporate supporters who are passionate about your cause– every day. Learn More People Are Talking... Hear what our members and partners have to say. Interested in moving with us? Please fill out the form below. Move With Us If you're a charity or company interested in partnering with us, please fill out this form so we can be in touch.If you're a member with support questions, please email support@charitymiles.org Full Name Last Name Email Please select the option most applicable to you. I work for a charity and would like more information about my organization joining Charity Miles. I work for a company and I am interested in Charity Miles' Employee Empowerment program. I work for a company and I am interested in sponsoring Charity Miles. I work for a company and I am interested in sponsoring a specific charity through Charity Miles. Please tell us a bit more about what you have in mind. Send Message Charity Miles is an app that turns all the miles you walk, run and bike anyway into money for charity. #EveryMileMatters All Sitemaps Quick Links Employee Engagement Corporate Partners Charities Press Blog CSR Terminology Glossary Employee Engagement Terms Employee Engagement Corporate Partners Charities Press Blog CSR Terminology Glossary Employee Engagement Terms Important Links How It Works Shop FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use How It Works Shop FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Let’s Connect! Tag #CharityMiles when sharing on social media. Twitter Facebook-f Pinterest-p Linkedin Instagram Phone Mail WhatsApp Messenger × Subject Message Send Copyright © 2024 by Webtec Powered by Webtec How To Download Charity Miles Scan This With The Camera On Your Mobile Phone We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I agree