Official Website | Farming Simulator Merch-Shop Downloads Forum Updates Support Company Jobs Argentina (en) Australia (en) Belgien (de) Belgique (fr) België (en) Brasil (en) Canada (en) Canada (fr) Česko (en) Chile (en) Danmark (en) Deutschland (de) España (en) France (fr) Hrvatska (en) Ireland (en) Italia (en) Magyarország (en) Nederland (en) Norge (en) Österreich (de) Polska (pl) Portugal (en) România (en) Schweiz (de) Slovenija (en) Slovensko (en) South Africa (en) Srbija (en) Suisse (fr) Suomi (en) Sverige (en) Svizzera (en) United Kingdom (en) United States (en) Россия (en) Україна (en) 日本 (en) BLOG GAMES MEDIA DLC MODS TUTORIALS BUY NOW Welcome to Farming Simulator! News, mods, tutorials, support & more: Get all important information about the popular simulation series by publisher & developer GIANTS Software. Get the games and additional content on our official store and join our engaged community - on the forums, Discord & Social Media. Have fun on virtual fields! Farming Simulator is available for: Learn how to play the game with our official tutorials. Farming Simulator Magazine: Mods, Reviews, Interviews & More. Hoodies, Shirts, Cups & Caps: Get official merchandise! Create a team, join the league, or battle your friends. Join our WhatsApp channel to get the latest news - to your phone! Our community team invites guests for exciting discussions. Content Creator? Become official partner and join the club! Your source of information for everything modding-related. Latest News from the Farm... Modder Spotlight: Interview with BlackSheep Modding Farming Simulator Modding Tutorials 5.0 for free! Farming Simulator Kids: First Gameplay Trailer + Release Date! Employee Spotlight: Interview with Marc Schwegler Farming Simulator 23: Free Content Update #3 feat. Kubota Influencer Spotlight: Marlonn (En3rgie5) Featured DLC MORE INFO Social Media Who needs a cabin when the weather is this nice? #ThrowbackThursday https://t.co/KKs91S24us PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE | IMPRINT | PRESS © 2024 GIANTS Software GmbH All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks are properties of their respective owners. We use cookies and analytics tools to improve the user friendliness of the Internet website. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.