Stanford d.school Stanford d.school Skip navigation Toggle Navigation About Degrees & Classes Professional Education Designing for Social Systems K12 Lab Executive Education University Innovation Resources News & Events Field Notes Our Impact Emerging Tech x Design Uncharted Territory: A Guide to Reimagining Higher Education K12 Lab Experiments Engineering Financial Literacy d.school Futures Series Designing Bridges Red Couch: Our Longest Living Prototype Hacks & Hackers Shadow a Student Challenge How to Start a d.school A Work in Progress Hacktivation Nation Books What's New See All Books Creative Acts for Curious People Stanford d.school Guides Community Bookshelf Accessibility Standard Visuals Simplified Visuals Search Welcome Explore the Stanford d.school What’s New We believe everyone has the capacity to be creative. The Stanford d.school is a place where people use design to develop their own creative potential and make positive change. New d.school books Three new guides were published in November, completing our 10-book collection: Experiments in Reflection by Leticia Britos Cavagnaro, Design Social Change by Lesley-Ann Noel, and Make Possibilities Happen by Grace Hawthorne. Fast Company Exclusive The d.school’s new graduate and undergraduate design programs were profiled in an exclusive Fast Company article. 01 Stanford Students Degree programs & electives Find out about our Bachelor’s and Master’s programs in design, or take a for-credit class at the d.school. Learn more Our goal is to help you use design to make change where you are. Experience the d.school 02 Professional Learners Make impact with design People in business, higher education, the public sector and K12 education are using design to create change. We offer learning experiences for professionals, educators, and students from beyond Stanford. See programs 03 Publications Things we’re making now Our books (we’ve published 11!) share activities, stories and tools that our educators use at the d.school. See more News & Social MEDIUM ARTICLE: Reflecting with AI: A Tool to Develop Human Intelligence @stanforddschool From Charlotte Burgess Auburn, Director of Community at the d.school: Every year around this time, we take the opportunity to exercise our hands-on design and making skills with some creative gingerbread confections. Sometimes architectural, sometimes more metaphorical in our builds, this year we wanted to go full-on celebratory. We focused our deliciously sweet constructions on honoring our beloved Professor Bernard Roth, so we crafted the "Journeys of Bernie.” Bernie is going emeritus this January after 60+ years teaching at Stanford in the Mechanical Engineering Department—and for 20 of those years collaborating with us the d.school! Showcased here are some pictures of our creations: Bernie with his beloved bike, a gingerbread bus representing Bernie's time on the playa, a beautiful depiction of the serene path he frequently walks on right behind his home... There's even one scene representing the power of the word "AND." Bernie shares that "AND speaks to one of the primary skills of design thinking and in life: being comfortable with ambiguity. AND opens one's life to possibilities that do not exist if one is firmly entrenched on only side of the room... With AND you are free to learn and grow in all directions." AND we'd be remiss if we didn't shine a light on what an extraordinary person Bernie is. 🌟 - A pioneer in the fields of Kinematics and Robotics 🌟 - A teacher of design and design-thinking, a founder and defender of the d.school 🌟 - A Burning Man enthusiast 🌟 - A mentor, advisor, and friend to many As David Kelley put it simply, “I’ve never met anyone that doesn’t love Bernie.” We certainly do. Thank you for everything Bernie! 04 Happening Now Upcoming Events View Event Mar. 29, 2024 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop for Working Professionals Are you a working professional? Curious about design thinking and how it might apply to your work? Take a little time to be a student again. ... View Event Jun. 16, 2024 Design Diploma Ceremony 2024 THE MAIN EVENTThe Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford University (d.school) is thrilled to host the Design Diploma Ceremony and ... View Event Nov. 9, 2023 Liu Lecture: Leticia Britos Cavagnaro and Grace Hawthorne Join d.school authors and educators Leticia Britos Cavagnaro and Grace Hawthorne for a hybrid in-person and virtual panel discussion on November ... View Event Oct. 27, 2023 MS Design Degree Program Info Session Are you interested in our MS design degree program? We’re holding a virtual info session on October 27, 9:00-10:30am PT. ... View Event Oct. 18, 2023 Solving Complex Social Problems with Human-centered Integrative Design How do social sector leaders create change in people’s lives without getting lost in ambiguity, tangled up in complex systems, and disempowered ... View Event Jun. 18, 2023 Design Diploma Ceremony 2023 THE MAIN EVENTThe Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford (d.school) is thrilled to host its first annual Design Diploma Ceremony and ... View Event May. 19, 2023 Designing Social Media for Youth Mental Health Calling all youth, Stanford students and policymakers! Join us for a youth-led event to collectively address the moral panic around social ... View Event Dec. 8, 2022 Rethinking Stress w/ Psychologist Modupe Akinola ... View Event Dec. 1, 2022 Humor, Seriously w/ Author Naomi Bagdonas ... View Event Sep. 26, 2022 Fireside Chat w/ X’s Captain of Moonshots Astro Teller ... View Event Sep. 16, 2022 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop Are you a working professional? Curious about design thinking and how it might apply to your work? Take a little time to be a student again. ... View Event Sep. 9, 2022 Masters of Creativity: Undaunted: Overcoming Doubts and Doubters w/Kara Goldin ... View Event May. 5, 2022 NIGHT LAUNCH Launchpad, the d.school's celebrated accelerator, presents:NIGHT LAUNCHAn evening where you can see and experience the stellar products and ... View Event Mar. 3, 2022 Masters of Creativity: Overcoming Creative Blocks w/ Ahmed Best ... View Event Feb. 17, 2022 Masters of Creativity: Radical Candor Author Kim Scott ... View Event Feb. 8, 2022 (In)VISIBLE Designers: Episode Two w/ Akintunde Ahmad ... View Event Jan. 27, 2022 (In)VISIBLE Designers: Episode One w/ Dr. Angela Davis ... View Event Jan. 14, 2022 Liberation Through Creativity: Masters of Creativity Education Edition ... View Event Jan. 13, 2022 To Make a Social Impact: Masters of Creativity ... View Event Nov. 5, 2021 Collaborative Problem Solving : Masters of Creativity Education Edition ... View Event Nov. 4, 2021 Founder of TRX Randy Hetrick : Masters of Creativity ... View Event Oct. 7, 2021 Creative Acts ... View Event Aug. 26, 2021 Stanford x Second City ... View Event Jul. 13, 2021 K12 Lab Summer Institute: Afro-Rithms in Classroom with the National Writing Project Join us for a three-day series of virtual sessions with Michelle King, co-director of the Western Pennsylvania Writing Project, in playful ... View Event Jun. 24, 2021 Futures We Keep, Futures We Share "Futures Literacy is a universally accessible skill that builds on the innate human capacity to imagine the future, and offers a clear, field ... View Event May. 13, 2021 Minister Faust In our next d.school futures series, join award-winning journalist, broadcaster, and novelist Minister Faust for an interactive exploration of ... View Event Apr. 20, 2021 Applying Design in Under-Loved Legacy Systems: A Case Study on Redesigning Substitute Teaching As we collectively emerge from an intense year, there is both urgency and opportunity to innovate legacy systems. Come learn from the team ... View Event Apr. 15, 2021 d.school Futures Series: Reclaiming the Multiple Truths of Our Past to Open the Multiple Paths to Our Futures Time travel is one of our greatest tools in dismantling oppressive structures to create anew. Join us for our next d.school futures series with ... View Event Mar. 4, 2021 d.school Futures Series: Building Brave New Worlds with Futurist Leah Zaidi “Have you dreamt of other worlds? Another time, another place perhaps...universes of the mind so unlike our own. ... View Event Feb. 18, 2021 d.school Futures Series: Afro-Rithms From the Future “Afrofuturism and Africanfuturism, Black Quantum Futures and other indigenous future visions widen the plurality for democratizing the future ... View Event Dec. 9, 2020 Making with Mischief: Explorations on the future of design ... View Event Nov. 19, 2020 Design Thinking Alumni Spotlight with Scott Sanchez ... View Event Oct. 30, 2020 Creativity in Research Scholars, Winter 2021 - apply by Nov 20th! Overviewd.school Creativity in Research Scholars (CIRS) are a diverse set of Stanford PhD students across all disciplines. In addition to their ... View Event Jul. 14, 2020 Bootcamp 2.0 - Launch a Work Project Using Design Methods Many new initiatives are launching in response to COVID-19, and launching new projects in a customer-centered way can be challenging. To help ... View Event Jun. 15, 2020 Scenario Planning for Uncertain Times Navigating the complexity of school closures, remote learning, and reopening structures is challenging work. Amid the cloud of uncertainty ... View Event May. 14, 2020 Coronavirus Career Crisis Workshop The d.school is transitioning several of the design thinking tools taught to global leaders to help empower individuals during these uncertain ... View Event Mar. 27, 2020 CANCELLED DUE TO COVID-19 :: Introductory Design Thinking Workshop NOTE :: Due to COVID-19 and Stanford’s recent decision to cancel in-person courses, we have cancelled this workshop. You will see another ... View Event Jan. 16, 2020 K12 Futures Fest How will you shape the future of education? How will you cultivate creative confidence with your students? How will you design learning ... View Event Jan. 12, 2020 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop Are you curious about design thinking? Hungry to experience it for yourself? Don’t just watch from the sidelines – come give it a try.We’re ... View Event Oct. 15, 2019 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop for Working Professionals Are you a working professional? Curious about design thinking and how it might apply to your work? Take a little time to be a student again. ... View Event Oct. 10, 2019 Launchpad Venture Hub Join Stanford University's adjunct professors Perry Klebahn and Jeremy Utley for Launchpad Venture Hub—a unique opportunity for the broader ... View Event Oct. 3, 2019 Launchpad Venture Hub Join Stanford University's adjunct professors Perry Klebahn and Jeremy Utley for Launchpad Venture Hub—a unique opportunity for the broader ... View Event Sep. 26, 2019 Launchpad Venture Hub Join Stanford University's adjunct professors Perry Klebahn and Jeremy Utley for Launchpad Venture Hub—a unique opportunity for the broader ... View Event Sep. 13, 2019 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop Are you curious about design thinking? Hungry to experience it for yourself? Don’t just watch from the sidelines – come give it a try at the ... View Event Jul. 17, 2019 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop Are you curious about design thinking? Hungry to experience it for yourself? Don’t just watch from the sidelines – come give it a try.We’re ... View Event Jul. 12, 2019 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop DESCRIPTIONAre you curious about design thinking? Hungry to experience it for yourself? Don’t just watch from the sidelines – come give it a try ... View Event Jun. 26, 2019 Workshop: The world needs YOU to be a tech person Do you tune out when people mention blockchain, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and other big words that reference technology? Are ... View Event Jun. 12, 2019 Introductory Design Thinking Workshop Are you curious about design thinking? Hungry to experience it for yourself? Don’t just watch from the sidelines – come give it a try.We’re ... View Event May. 13, 2019 Launchpad Accelerator Apprenticeship Are you looking for experience working at a startup? Launchpad, Stanford d.school's celebrated accelerator program, is recruiting a cohort of ... View Event May. 3, 2019 Designing for Social Systems: People and Programs Workshop A four-day workshop focused on creating effective programs, or redesigning programs to increase their effectiveness. We teach design thinking as ... View Event May. 3, 2019 Designing for Social Systems: People, Programs & Systems Workshop A six-day workshop to create more human-centered, strategic, and effective programs and organizations in the social sector. We teach how to ... View Event Apr. 29, 2019 NIGHT LAUNCH Launchpad, the d.school's celebrated accelerator, presents:NIGHT LAUNCHAn evening where you can see and experience the stellar products and ... 05 Resources Tools for Creative Action Explore activities and resources we use in our classes and programs and adapt them for your own projects. Educator Guides: Activities from d.school Books Our educators’ guides help teachers in higher ed and K-12 facilitate activities from our d.school books. Designing Social Media for Youth Mental Health I Love Algorithms: A Machineless Machine Learning Creation Kit for K12 See more 06 Contact Get in Touch Have a question or need directions? We’re here to help you get to the right place. Contact Us Mailing addressHasso Plattner Institute of Design416 Escondido MallBuilding 550, Room 169Stanford, CA 94305-3086Need Directions?Use this address.WANT THE LATEST NEWS?Sign up for our emails. Best way to reach usEmail: info@dschool.stanford.eduLooking for someone?See the directory. DirectoryFAQContact UsTours & DirectionsMedia InquiriesAffiliate MembershipsInternal Resources About Our Point of ViewOur Way of WorkingDiversity & Inclusion8 Core AbilitiesHome Team Stanford Students OverviewUndergrad Design ProgramGrad Design ProgramElective Classes Programs Executive EducationK12 Lab NetworkUniversity Innovation FellowsFaculty Workshops Resources Browse AllVirtual Crash Coursed.school Public LibraryDesign in Action Field Notes ImpactHistory © Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford University. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.