Appian Platform for Process Automation - Low-Code - Process Mining | Appian Skip to main content Appian Products Home Platform Deliver end-to-end process automation. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Products Platform Design, automate, and optimize your business processes. Artificial Intelligence Discover the next-generation, AI-powered platform for process automation. Low-Code Build fast with low-code design. Data Fabric Unify data silos with an integrated data fabric. Process Automation Deliver end-to-end process automation with RPA, AI, IDP, and API integrations. Platform Process Automation Overview Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Intelligent Document Processing (IDP) & Artificial Intelligence (AI) API Integration Business Process Management Total Experience Create exceptional experiences for every user with mobile-ready capabilities and web portals. Platform Total Experience Overview Mobile Apps Web Portals Process Mining Identify bottlenecks and turn insights into action fast. Case Management Studio Rapidly built modular apps for complex casework. Solutions Solve your top business needs. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Products Solutions Accelerate your business with packaged applications. Public Sector Case Management Rapidly develop modern case management applications Federal Acquisition Modernize and automate government procurement. Solutions Overview Award Management Clause Automation Contract Writing Requirements Management Source Selection Vendor Management State and Local eProcurement Modernize and automate government procurement. Solutions Overview Contract Management Evaluation Management Requirements Management Terms & Conditions Automation Vendor Management Financial Services Customer Onboarding and Servicing Modernize and automate client onboarding and servicing. Financial Services Know Your Customer Automate Know Your Customer (KYC) investigations. Insurance Connected Underwriting Accelerate the underwriting process. Insurance Claims Processing Modernize your claims processes in weeks. Solutions Connected Claims Overview Customer Success Get the help you need. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Products Customer Success Get the most out of your Appian investment. Implementation Receive end-to-end fulfillment of your Appian project. Education and Certifications Learn Appian with online and in-person courses. Education Partner Program Expand your teams with certified talent. Appian Guarantee Your project delivered in 8 weeks. Guaranteed. Advisory Get tailored advice to help you scale faster. Pricing Compare pricing and plans. Products Industries Home Financial Services Rapidly modernize banking processes. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Industries Financial Services Manage risk and stay resilient. Operations Align regulatory mandates with streamlined processes. Customer Lifecycle Management Build exceptional customer relationships. Financial Services Solutions View our financial services solutions. Financial Services Connected Onboarding and Servicing KYC Software Solutions for Process Automation On the AppMarket Governance, Risk, and Compliance Gain visibility to prepare for future regulation. Corporate Functions Get real-time insights into enterprise-wise functions. Lending and Payments Manage processes across the lending lifecycle. New Business and Deal Lifecycle Modernize products, services, and offering launches. Insurance The simplest solution to complex insurance problems. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Industries Insurance Deliver intelligent, connected insurance experiences. Insurance Solutions View our insurance solutions. Insurance Connected Claims Life Underwriting P&C Underwriting Connected Underwriting Distribution Drive growth and increase customer loyalty. Reinsurance Modernize and automate reinsurance processes. Corporate Services Improve the efficiency of all corporate functions. Governance, Risk, and Compliance Improve process agility for GRC requirements. Life Insurance Deliver an intelligent, connected insurance experience. Property and Casualty Improve customer service and efficiency in weeks. Public Sector Complete automation for government processes. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Industries Government Accelerate the development of mission-critical systems. Federal Acquisition Manage the procurement process with consistency. Public Sector Overview Award Management Contract Writing Clause Automation Requirements Management Source Selection Vendor Management Federal Civilian Modernize and transform mission systems. Defense Agencies Modernize your mission. Public Health Digitize and modernize your organization. State and Local Government Improve the citizen experience. Case Management Rapidly develop government case management applications. Life Sciences Deliver the best patient outcomes with Appian. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Industries Life Sciences Improve operational efficiency and time to market. Safety and Pharmacovigilance Safeguard your most valuable asset: the patient. Research and Development Improve experiment management and throughput. Manufacturing and Quality Ensure product quality and streamline manufacturing. Regulatory Operations Improve internal monitoring of regulatory tasks. Additional Use Cases Explore more use cases. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Industries Supply Chain Build unique applications for your supply chain. Case Management Manage any type of case work, boost efficiency, and automate exception handling. Operational Efficiency Accelerate enterprise performance with hyperautomation. Manufacturing Deliver AI-powered manufacturing processes. Aerospace and Defense Modernize your systems. Learn Home Get Started on Appian Start learning and using Appian. Generative AI vs. Large Language Models (LLMs): What's the Difference? Read Now Learn Watch a Demo Get instant access to short videos previewing Appian. Appian Community Training and resources to help meet your dev goals. Try Appian Try Appian for free. Topics Read our latest topics and articles. Generative AI vs. Large Language Models (LLMs): What's the Difference? Read Now Learn AI for Business Topics AI for Business - The Complete Guide How to Implement AI in Business Generative AI vs. Large Language Models 6 AI Applications Transforming Business Efficiency Automated Underwriting Topics Automated Underwriting: How to Improve Process and Customer Experience Accelerated Underwriting: 5 Ways Insurance Leaders Can Speed Process Your Underwriting Workbench: How to Set Up for Success Insurance Customer Experience: 7 Best Practices for Underwriting Success Business Process Improvement Topics What is Process Improvement? 4 Process Improvement Examples to Learn From Process Improvement Plan: How to Write Your Way to Success Process Improvement Tools: 4 Key Types and Questions to Ask Business Process Management (BPM) Topics What is Business Process Management? Business Process, Defined Why BPM Strategy is Critical for Business Efficiency Case Management Topics What Is Case Management? 10 Signs You Need Case Management Tools Legacy Modernization and Case Management: Advice for Government Agencies Clinical Trial Management Topics Clinical Trial Management: How to Improve Speed and Cost Clinical Trial Study Design and Startup: 6 Keys to Success Clinical Trial Process: 5 Ways to Eliminate Complexity Data Fabric Topics What is Data Fabric? Data Fabric vs. Data Mesh vs. Data Lake Data Virtualization vs. Data Warehouse: 3 Key Facts 4 Ways Data Fabric Helps Developers Gain Speed How Data Fabric Works Government Acquisition and eProcurement Topics Acquisition Planning: The Government Leader's Guide Government Acquisition: How to Address 4 Data Integration Challenges System for Award Management (SAM): 3 Tips for Success What is eProcurement: Definition and Best Practices Know Your Customer (KYC) Topics KYC Process: The Complete Guide KYC in Banking, Explained KYC Verification Process and Requirements: 3 Tips to Improve The Future of KYC Compliance: 4 Trends to Watch Low-Code Topics What is Low-Code? Top 7 Low-Code Benefits and Why They’re Important What Is Low-Code Automation? Process Automation Topics What is Process Automation? How to Automate Business Processes: 3 Pieces of Advice to Help You Succeed Business Process Automation, Explained What is Hyperautomation? Business Process Automation: 8 Benefits to Bust the Status Quo Process Mining Topics What is Process Mining? Process Mining Glossary Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Topics What Is Robotic Process Automation (RPA)? How Does Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Work? Robotic Process Automation (RPA): 8 Key Benefits RPA vs. AI RPA vs. Low-Code 6 Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Real-World Examples RPA vs. AI vs. Low-Code Supply Chain Automation Topics Supply Chain Automation: The Complete Guide 3 Supply Chain Automation Best Practices Supply Chain Automation Examples from 4 Industries Top 5 Advantages of Supply Chain Management Automation Resources Your need-to-know resources. Generative AI vs. Large Language Models (LLMs): What's the Difference? Read Now Learn Resource Center Find analyst reports, case studies, eBooks, on-demand webinars, and more. Blog Read our top industry articles. Events See which events we're attending. Generative AI vs. Large Language Models (LLMs): What's the Difference? Read Now Learn Appian World Join us for our biggest event of the year. Event Videos Watch the live recordings from our events. Events Acquisition Summit Appian APJ Appian Europe Appian Forums Appian Government View All Upcoming Events View upcoming webinars, conferences, and other events across regions. Support Home Resources Get the support you need. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Support Appian Community A dedicated space for Appian Developers. Documentation See what’s new in each platform quarterly release. Appian AppMarket Extend your platform capabilities. Education and Certifications Learn Appian with online and in-person courses. Customer Support Get the support you need, fast. Cloud Trust Center Find out how we keep your apps secure. Partners Home Appian Partners Unleash digital innovation with Appian. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report Partners Partner Program Explore the Appian Partner Program. Find a Partner Browse our partner ecosystem. Partner Community Access the latest partner resources. Partner Solutions Search scalable business solutions. About Home Explore Appian Get to know Appian. Appian Named a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms. Get the Report About About Appian Learn why global leaders choose Appian. Our Customers Browse customer stories from top organizations. Careers Start your career with Appian. Leadership Meet our leadership team. Investors See our investors. Press Releases and News Get the latest Appian news. Media Coverage See Appian in the news. English Language Home English German Spanish French Italian Japanese Contact Us English Language Home English German Spanish French Italian Japanese Contact Us Join us at Appian World. The ultimate destination for the latest in artificial intelligence, process automation, and digital transformation — it's our most exciting event of the year. Register Today April 15 - 17 Washington, D.C. See Appian in Action. Get instant access to short videos previewing the Appian AI Process Platform and capabilities. Watch a Demo Appian is a Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader. A Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms (LCAP). View the Magic Quadrant #1 for the Business Workflow Automation with Integration Use Case in the companion Critical Capabilities report. View the Critical Capabilities Financial Services Continuous risk management. Orchestrate governance, risk, and compliance processes. Learn More Public Sector Modernize government acquisition. Make procurement decisions with confidence and clarity. Learn More Insurance Accelerate insurance underwriting processes. Reduce time to quote to deliver a superior customer experience. Learn More Life Sciences Accelerate time to treatment. Boost efficiency and reduce cycle times across the value chain. Learn More See what analysts are saying. Gartner Gartner® Market Guide for Business Process Automation Tools Appian competes with its low-code automation platform. Forrester Forrester Total Economic Impact™ of Appian Study: Appian Delivers 95% Faster Processes Appian delivers 95% faster processes. Gartner Gartner® Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Hyperautomation Get an overview of key hyperautomation technologies. Design, automate, and optimize your business processes. Data Fabric. Unify data across systems to build powerful applications. Process Automation. Automate anything with unified workflow, RPA, AI, IDP, and API integrations. Total Experience. Engage internal and external users across web and mobile experiences. Process Mining. Discover process inefficiencies and optimize business outcomes. Data Fabric. Unify data across systems to build powerful applications. Process Automation. Automate anything with unified workflow, RPA, AI, IDP, and API integrations. Total Experience. Engage internal and external users across web and mobile experiences. Process Mining. Discover process inefficiencies and optimize business outcomes. News Fast Company Low-Code Platform Appian Gets a Boost from AI “AI creates a revolution in the mundane. It allows people to focus on being human and being creative instead of retyping things.” Michael Beckley, Appian Founder and CTO The Wall Street Journal Don’t Let AI Steal Your Company Data "Private AI won't plan your next dinner party, but it will help corporations save considerable time on tasks without sacrificing valuable data." Matt Calkins, Appian Founder and CEO Forbes Appian Advances Low-Code Into New Era Of AI Process Automation “It’s the ability to be able to choose an AI use case without needing to choose the algorithm model behind it.” Malcolm Ross, Appian Senior Vice President of Product Strategy Get started with Appian. PlatformOverview DemoLibrary Blog ContactUs Global innovators trust Appian. The Appian Guarantee We turn your ideas into enterprise applications in just 8 weeks. Guaranteed. Learn More Appian customers are revolutionizing productivity. × Financial Services Options Clearing Corporation (OCC) Raised process transparency and digitized documentation for smoother audits. × Insurance Aviva Enabled 9x faster customer responses with end-to-end process automation . × Public Sector Texas Department of Public Safety Automated the contract award process end-to-end in three months. Appian 23.4 is live. Self-service analytics, faster app translation, improved document extraction, and better user experiences. See what's new in Appian 23.4 Appian wins $2.1 billion verdict vs. Pegasystems. Pega appeal doesn't contest violation of Virginia Computer Crimes Act. Appian goes public with the extraordinary evidence and trial exhibits from blockbuster trade secrets trial that resulted in the largest judgment in Virginia history. See the evidence, judge for yourself Ready to talk? See how the world’s fastest-growing organizations use Appian for process automation. Contact Us Watch Demo Contact Us Appian is a software company that automates business processes. The Appian AI Process Platform includes everything you need to design, automate, and optimize even the most complex processes, from start to finish. The world's most innovative organizations trust Appian to improve their workflows, unify data, and optimize operations—resulting in better growth and superior customer experiences. Contact Us Terms of Use Environmental Policy Accessibility Privacy Trust Center About Appian Appian Blog Careers Investors ©2024 Appian. All rights reserved. Analyst Reports Gartner® Market Guide for Business Process Automation (BPA) Tools 2023 Gartner® Low-Code Magic Quadrant™ 2023 Forrester DPA Wave 2023: Digital Process Automation SoftwareGartner® Critical Capabilities for Enterprise Low-Code Application Platforms (LCAP)Forrester Total Economic Impact™ (TEI) of Appian 2023 - 95% Faster ProcessesEverest Group PEAK Matrix® - Process Orchestration 2023Gartner® Emerging Tech Impact Radar: Hyperautomation 2023 News Appian Ranked by Gartner #1 for Business Workflow Automation with Integration Use Case in Low-Code ReportAppian named a leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Low-Code Application PlatformsAON Transforms Reinsurance Claims Processing with AppianAppian AI Copilot Delivers Practical Value to Boost Developer ProductivityAppian Opens New APAC Headquarters in SydneyNew Appian Platform Democratizes A.I. for Process AutomationAppian Awarded $2.036 Billion in Lawsuit Against Pegasystems Hot Topics Data FabricProcess AutomationProcess MiningLow-CodePrivate AIWhat is RPALow Code GuideProcess Automation GuideProcess Mining BenefitsProcess Mining Guide Appian Pega LawsuitBPM GuideAcquisition ManagementLow-Code vs No-Code Popular Blogs Generative AI vs LLMs: What's the Difference?AI Process Automation: 4 Predictions for the Age of AIWhy Data Silos Are ProblematicPublic vs Private AI ExplainedProcurement vs Acquisition: What's the Difference?7 Hyperautomation Trends to WatchData Fabric's 5 Key BenefitsKYC Process: The Complete GuideWhat is a Continuous Improvement Process & How to Implement ItHow to Optimize the Government Procurement ProcessAI/ML Use Cases: 7 Examples to Watch Webinars How to Align Process Mining w/ Process Automation to Drive Continuous Process Improvement [On-Demand Webinar]Eliminate Data Silos with an Integrated Data Fabric [On-Demand Video]Creating a Connected Care Enterprise [On-Demand Webinar] Transforming Institutional Onboarding [On-Demand Webinar][On-Demand Webinar] Hyperautomation at Hyperspeed ePrivacy and GPDR Cookie Consent by CookieConsent.com ePrivacy and GPDR Cookie Consent by CookieConsent.com