Home | Section508.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. ˄ Top Menu Policy & Management Acquisition Content Creation Design & Develop Testing Training, Tools & Events Blogs & Updates My Agency’s 508 PM About Us Search small Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act FY 23 Governmentwide Section 508 Assessment In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 the General Services Administration (GSA) has released a landmark report on the current state of federal Section 508 compliance. Findings suggest that the federal government is not meeting statutory requirements and legal obligations to ensure equal access for all members of the public and federal employees with disabilities. Read the FY 23 Assessment Report Our Mission On January 18, 2017, the U.S. Access Board published a final rule updating accessibility requirements for information and communication technology (ICT) covered by Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and Section 255 of the Communications Act. The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Office of Government-wide Policy (OGP) is tasked under this law to provide technical assistance to help Federal agencies comply with these requirements, and ensure that covered ICT is accessible to, and usable by, individuals with disabilities. About Us Quick Links Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements IT Accessibility Laws and Policies Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) Find Your Section 508 Program Manager Policy & Management DEIA Accessibility Guidance IT Accessibility Laws and Policies Practical Reasons for Digital Accessibility View a Playbook Monitor and Report Progress Buy Accessible Products and Services Tabular Comparison of the FAR 2021 Update View All Acquisition Buy Accessible Products and Services Sell Accessible Products and Services Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements View All Content Creation Documents PDFs Presentations Meetings View All Design & Develop Universal Design and Accessibility Guide to Accessible Web Design & Development Developing Accessible Web Content Create Accessible Software & Websites View All Testing Overview of Testing Methods for 508 Conformance Accessibility Testing for Websites and Software Trusted Tester and ICT Testing Baseline View All Training, Tools & Events Micro-Purchases and Section 508 Requirements Find Your 508 Program Manager Universal Design Accessibility Requirements Tool (ART) ANDI (Accessible Name & Description Inspector) Color Contrast Analyzer ( Windows | macOS ) View All Government-wide Initiatives Digital Strategy Plain Language US Web Design System CIO Council Accessibility Community of Practice (ACOP) Organization About Us Contact Us Contributors Tools ART SRT Developer Guide DigitalDashboard.gov Analytics.usa.gov Resources Glossary Website Policies Find Your Section 508 Program Manager Join the Community(Listserv) Section508.gov An official website of the General Services Administration About GSA Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Privacy policy Reuse and Copyright Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov