ifthenpay | Digital Payments Digitais for your company Home Benefits How It Works Price Contacts Subscribe Backoffice FAQ +351 227 660 871* We support your business DigitalPayments For your company Benefits Price API Subscribe DISCOVER OUR OFFER Smart POS Contactless, Touch Screen, Wi-Fi,SIM Card and Integrated Printer Price Subscribe DISCOVER OUR OFFER Classic POS Contactless, SIM Card, Integrated Printer and MB WAY Price Subscribe Online andCard Presentpayments In the same Backoffice and Mobile APP Price Subscribe Open yourbusiness to theworld of Partnership 24 hoursday payments real time notifications Subscribe online storeintegration Plugins don't have an online store?use our APPor Backoffice Android iOS simplify yourinvoices payments companies, schools, institutions... Subscribe simplify the payment of quotas, events and donations Subscribe Secure paymentsno fee to the buyer Subscribe Benefits. The payment service by reference MULTIBANCO, MB WAY, PAYSHOP and Credit Card provided by ifthenpay has numerous advantages for your business. 1 Free Free for users 2 24 Hours Payments 24 hours a day with real-time notifications 3 Safety Secure payments by MULTIBANCO ATMs, MB WAY, PAYSHOP and Credit Card 4 User Data Protected user data,no need to enter bank or card information 5 Multichannel Multichannel payments: MULTIBANCO ATMs, Homebanking, mobile phones, mPOS, MB SPOT network, MB WAY, PAYSHOP network, Post Offices 6 Bank Independence Change Banks without having to change POS. We integrate with all Banks in the SEPA zone 7 Tracking Free APP for payments tracking 8 Efficiency more automation, less administrative work, greater effectivness sales Numbers. Our numbers up to the current year. Annual Volume Entities Sector and Terminal Annual Volume Payments (M€) *Previsão para o ano 2024 Number of Adhering Entities Distribution by Sector Payments by Terminal Type (%) Digital Payments In an online world buy and pay safely from a distance...and stay closer to those who matter most! How it Works. Discover the 4 stages of our service. 1 Issuance MULTIBANCO, MB WAY, PAYSHOP or Credit Card References are issued automatically by your online store, in your traditional invoices, on your smartphone using our free App, in your customer area (backoffice), etc. 2 Notification Immediately after payment is made, in real-time, ifthenpay notifies you (by email, push notifications, callback, webservice, or just check our APP or backoffice). 3 Transfer ifthenpay daily transfers the payments amount, less the comission. 4 Invoicing A monthly invoice is sent containing the price of the services provided and the monthly statements. Where to Use. Some examples where you can use our service. E-Commerce Integrated in the main e-commerce platforms or in a custom-developed digital platform. Read more Plugins Documents Integrated in traditional documents such as invoices or quotes. Most billing software already offers integration with our service or can be easily integrated. Read more Backoffice or Mobile Through the backoffice or mobile APP it is possible to generate MULTIBANCO or MB WAY requests directly in our backoffice or APP and send them to customers. Even if you don't have an online store, you can receive digital payments remotely. Read more Pay By Link It is possible to place on any website, software, social networks, e-mails, event registration forms, donation forms, etc., a link that gives direct access to our Gateway where the user will choose the desired payment method and make the payment. Read more IFTHENPAY.ME ifthenpay.me is a solution for those who want to receive payments without needing a POS/TPA. These payments can be made in person or remotely, easily by reading a QR Code. Read more Price. Online Payments No monthly fees, transaction minimums, lengths of stay or exclusivity contracts. 0.22€ + 1.7% 0.07€ + 0.7% 0.57€ 0.20€ + 1.5% Credit Card ConsumerThe European Economic Area (EEA) 0.00€* * ifthenpay does not charge any commission for the integration of this payment method.Payment of installments with 0% interest and charges will be made via debit card or customer creditthrough the payment solution based on a factoring contract between Coﬁdis and the merchant.Inquire at Coﬁdis, registered with the Bank of Portugal under number 921. Card Present Payments: POS Discover our offer. 0.7% For each effective payment SMART POS ContactlessTouch ScreenWi-FiSIM CardIntegrated PrinterMB WAY 15€ Monthly rental CLASSIC POS ContactlessKeyboardRobustSIM CardIntegrated PrinterMB WAY 12€ Monthly rental VAT is added at the legal rate in use I want to join the service! Digital Payments for your company. Subscribe Videos & Tutorials. Access our knowledge base. ifthenpay Generate PAY BY LINK Generate QR Code + See More More Tutorials See More Press & Media. ifthenpay in the media. 23 January 2024 Read More New integration facilitates Online Payments through Google FormsTM ifthenpay has made available an add-on that allows the integration of digital payment methods into Google Forms TM using the Payment Gateway. 13 Decembro 2021 Read More Partnership IFTHENPAY - VISA Ifthenpay available an add-on that allows the integration of digital payment methods in Google Forms TM using the Payment Gateway. 04 January 2020 Read More New ifthenpay television campaign "In an online world, buy and pay securely at a distance... and get closer to whoever matters most!" View More More News Call Us 227 660 871 808 222 777 * Call cost to the national fixed network. Address Rua São José, 7574535-404 Santa Maria de LamasPortugal - União Europeia * 40° 58' 26.9882'' N | 8° 34' 21.0058'' W Contact Us suporte@ifthenpay.com info@ifthenpay.com Message I have read and accept the privacy policy, the terms of use of ifthenpay and I authorize the use of the data collected to be contacted in this matter. Send In case of suspected fraud, contact: fraude@ifthenpay.com. View Map Back to the Top Subscribe Plugins Platforms Pay By Link Forms ifthenpay.me Help Tutorials Press & Media Recruitment Complaint Code of Conduct Reports and Accounts Privacy Policy ifthenpay is a Payment Institution authorized to carry out this activity in EEA countries (European Economic Area)Its headquarters are in Portugal and is supervised by the Bank of Portugal (registration number 8707)VAT PT 510450024 * Call cost to the national fixed network. © ifthenpay 2024. We value your privacy This website uses cookies to provide a better user experience. By browsing the site, you are consenting to its use. Privacy Policy Accept