Threads - Threads is the premier magazine for sewing enthusiasts - people who are passionate about sewing garments, home furnishings, gifts, and accessories. Threads Logo Facebook Email Pinterest Twitter Instagram Tiktok Icon YouTube Icon Headphones Icon Favorite Navigation Search Icon Forum Search Icon Main Search Icon Close Icon Video Play Icon Indicator Arrow Icon Close Icon Hamburger/Search Icon Plus Icon Arrow Down Icon Video Guide Icon Article Guide Icon Modal Close Icon Guide Search Icon Skip to content How-to Projects & Patterns Tools & Supplies Inspiration Fitting Videos Podcast Insider Forum Project Guides Courses Magazine Gallery More Search Subscribe Open Search Close Search Subscribe Main Menu Threads Log In Log In Instagram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter How-to Projects & Patterns Tools & Supplies Inspiration Fitting Videos Podcast Insider Forum Project Guides Courses Magazine Gallery More Search Open Search Close Search Become a Threads Insider Enjoy instant access to hundreds of exclusive how-to videos, project tutorials, and in-depth sewing content. Start Your Free Trial Already an Insider? Log in Inspiration The Seamstresses Behind the Apollo Spacesuit | Profiles in Sewing History Remarkable sewing skills helped an unlikely company get a contract with NASA to make spacesuits. Inspiration Ann Cole Lowe | Profiles in Sewing History The African American seamstress designed Jacqueline Kennedy's bridal gown and the dresses of many other upper-class Americans. Sewing with Threads Podcast 21 Captivating Dresses by Designers Callot Soeurs, with Maggie Raywood | Episode 68 A found collection of gowns by renowned Parisian couture house Callot Soeurs turned into a beloved research project for patternmaker and costume expert Maggie Raywood. Inspiration Felecia Davis: An Architect Inspired by Textiles Innovator and Penn State Associate Professor Felecia Davis combines architecture, textiles, and computation to develop high-tech methods for creating building materials that can be manipulated similarly to fabric. NEW! Threads Project Guides Everything you need to know to design and sew your own wardrobe. View All Guides Sew Your Own Jeans Sew Your Own Jeans View Guide Fit and Sew Pants Fit and Sew Pants View Guide Sewing With Knits Sewing With Knits View Guide Threads Insider Exclusives View All Previous Next Become an Insider today! Get instant access to hundreds of videos, tutorials, exclusive articles and more. Start Free Trial Already an Insider? Log in to access the full library. Designed for Living, Not for Fashion Bonnie Cashin gave us parabola-cut designs, the poncho and the Noh coat, and the concept of layering. Plus her construction methods were elegantly simple. Pattern Review: Atelier 8 Avril Lapiz Blouse or Dress This stylish popover shirt features a spread collar, front yokes with angled seams, and a neckline tab closure. It is moderately challenging to sew. Pattern Review: Chalk and Notch Isle Jeans Chalk and Notch's body-hugging, retro-style jeans have a flared- and a wide-leg version. Both include a fly front, patch pockets, and darts. Pattern Review: Burda Style Blazer 105 (1050523) This ruffle-trimmed, lined blazer from May 2023 Burda Style, is for skilled sewists. It has an asymmetrical front, notched collar with peaked lapels, and two-piece sleeves. The pattern's instructions are… Pattern Review: Simplicity 9789 and 9790 Create a two-piece, sophisticated knit ensemble for a night out with Simplicity 9789 or 9790. The top requires sewing skill to insert the side zipper into a seam with gathered… Pattern Review: In the Folds Sawtell Dress 011 For a simple, casual garment, try the Sawtell Dress. The design, which requires intermediate sewing skills, has pleats, darts, pockets, and cap sleeves. Pattern Review: Jessilous Patterns Sunrise Skort The well-thought-out Sunrise Skort design is geared to experienced sewists. It features a center-front invisible zipper, front and back darts, and side seam pockets. A Mending Tool From the Past: The Darning Loom Darning looms make it easy to weave colorful, durable repairs on just about any garment. Look for modern versions of these vintage tools. Try Waxed Canvas for a Durable Bag or Garment Get a vintage rustic look with waxed canvas. Learn how to choose, prep, cut, and sew a bag or garment from this coated cotton fabric. Scale Down a Beaded Gown for a Petite Figure Pamela Howard walks through her process of altering a beaded gown for a petite client. She offers plenty of tips, should you have a similar project. Sew Your Best Backpack Learn to make the ultimate custom bag for your next adventure. a backpack that converts to a shoulder bag or tote. Add Bonnie Cashin Pockets Learn how to adapt a basic dolman-sleeve coat pattern to incorporate pockets, and then construct the coat for a flawless finish. Knotted Frog Closures Frogs are an ancient decorative closure that traveled from China to western Europe in the late 18th century. These fasteners are created by shaping a variety of materials into knotted… Sew Charming Tops from Vintage Embroidered Linens Learn how to repurpose embroidered linens that are hiding in your closets into one-of-a-kind tops. Have fun choosing coordinating prints, and stitch a blouse in an afternoon. Create a Hexagon Patchwork Jacket One of my sewing goals for the past year has been to do more hand sewing, which is how I found myself making hexagons out of all my linen scraps… A Year of "Re": An Oversized Hoodie Redo A jumbo-sized white cotton sweatshirt became Becky Fulgoni's redo project and the final installment in her yearlong series. View All Conversational Threads Recent Posts and Replies | | | | | | View More Create Post Highlights Sign up for the Threads eletter Get the latest including tips, techniques and special offers straight to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Highlights Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Sponsored Content Where to Buy Locate a BERNINA store in your area. Threads Insider Get unlimited access to Threadsmagazine.com, the online archive of past issues, member-only newsletter, and more. Video View All Sewing with Threads Podcast Sewing With and Caring For Wool, with Katrina Walker | Episode 69 Sewing pro and wool expert Katrina Walker talks about her flock of sheep, characteristics and types of wool and caring for your own wool garments in this podcast. Sewing with Threads Podcast Altering, Fitting, and Ready-To-Wear Garments, with Pamela Howard | Episode 65 Sewing with Threads Podcast Making Time for Draping, with ChaCha N. Hudson | Episode 63 Sewing with Threads Podcast Sewing for Prom and Wedding Season, with Barbie McCormick | Episode 62 Sewing with Threads Podcast Traditional and Updated Tailoring, with Couture Expert Kenneth D. King | Episode 59 Featured Series View All Sewing with Silk, with Katrina Walker All you need to know for success when you're sewing with silk. Tune in for step-by-step instructions. Teach Yourself to Sew, Season 1 The skills explained in Teach Yourself to Sew are perfect for new sewers or for those looking to brush up on the basics. Smart Sewing Video Series: Fake Fur, with Kenneth D. King Professor Kenneth D. King guides you through the construction of a luxe fake fur jacket—a project that's easy, fun, and gratifying. Podcast Sewing with Threads The podcast for people who love to sew! Subscribe Apple Podcasts RSS Feed Listen to the latest episode Style Falcon Patterns: Designs for Mature Figures, with Diane Scarponi | Episode 74 Style Falcon patterns are designed for those without an hourglass shape, and the instructions and pattern pieces are visually accessible. Sign up for the Threads eletter Get the latest including tips, techniques and special offers straight to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Extras Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Connect Follow Threads on your favorite social networks. Instagram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Shop the Store View All Previous Next Smart Fitting Shop Now Smart Tailoring Shop Now Smart Sewing Order Shop Now 2023 Threads Magazine Archive Shop Now View More Threads 360 View All Designer Stitch Dita 0821 | 360-Degree View This vintage-look knit dress has a semi-funnel collar, keyhole neckline, flared panel skirt, set-in sleeves with a gathered edge over the upper arms, center-back zipper, and optional self-fabric 4-inch-wide ruched… BurdaStyle 1210720 Striped Fit-and-Flare Dress | 360-Degree View Put striped fabrics to creative use in this 1950s-inspired swing dress. It features a banded V-neckline, one-button closure, cap sleeves with an underarm gusset, fitted bodice with bust and waist… Marfy 9071 Pants with Zipper Details | 360-Degree View Marfy 9071 includes two garments: a top and pants. We are only showing the pants, which feature unusual zipper details. The slim-fitting, ankle-length pants have a narrow waistband, fly front,… Threads Magazine Threads #225, Spring 2024 Add Bonnie Cashin Pockets View Full Issue View Issue Archive Magazine Index Subscribe Renew Threads #224, Winter 2023 2023 Make It With Wool Winners Threads #223, Fall 2023 Autumn 2023 Styles, Colors, and Fabrics Threads #222, Summer 2023 Threads/ASDP: Past to Present Challenge Threads Follow Instagram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Sign up for the Threads eletter Get the latest including tips, techniques and special offers straight to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Footer Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Membership & Magazine Online Archive Magazine Index Start Free Trial Magazine Subscription Magazine Renewal Gift a Subscription Customer Support Privacy Preferences Taunton Network Fine Homebuilding Green Building Advisor Fine Gardening Fine Woodworking About Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Use Site Map Do not sell or share my information Privacy Policy Accessibility California Privacy Rights © 2024 Active Interest Media. All rights reserved. Search How-to Projects & Patterns Tools & Supplies Inspiration Fitting Videos Podcast Insider Forum Project Guides Courses Gallery Magazine Follow Instagram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Subscribe today and save up to 42% Subscribe