Nasher Sculpture Center Visit Plan a Visit Educator Planning Cafe Accessibility Visit Resources About the Nasher Explore Nearby Art On View Collection Exhibitions Nasher Public Conservation Nasher Offsite French Sculpture Census Programs & Events Calendar Programs Nasher Prize Nasher Artist Grants The Great Create Read & Watch Art Activities & Lessons Shelf Life Nasher Magazine Articles Nasher Prize Programs Learning Resources Nasher Education Times Symposia & Conferences Video Library Join & Support Membership Support Opportunities Support Nasher Prize Support The Great Create Annual Fund Planned Giving Reserve Venue Plan an Event Wedding Receptions & Social Events Corporate Events Nonprofit Events Photography & Filming Become a Member Donate Search Plan a Visit See works by modern and contemporary masters in the Nasher's light-filled galleries and serene outdoor sculpture garden. Learn more about what to expect during your visit. Plan a Visit FREE admission for Spring Break March 13-17 Plasters and Bronzes by Jean (Hans) Arp A recent gift of 21 plaster sculptures and 3 bronzes by Jean (Hans) Arp (French, born Germany, 1886–1966) makes their debut at the Nasher, alongside Arp’s Torso with Buds, the founding work of Raymond and Patsy Nasher’s collection of modern and contemporary sculpture. Together, they offer an overview of Arp’s significant contributions to 20th-century art, particularly in his development of an influential vocabulary of organic, swelling forms suggestive of natural processes. Learn More Read & Watch Find exclusive content like interviews, audio guides, and insights from curators, educators, and living artists. Learn More Nasher Prize Learn more about the 2025 Nasher Prize Laureate Otobong Nkanga, whose evocative works speak to the complex, often fragile relationships between humans, the land, and its resources, touching on issues of consumption, global circulation, connectivity, and care. Read Now Nasher Public Experience new art from Texas artists. Nasher Public presents rotating exhibitions at the Nasher and in the community. Learn More Nasher Sculpture Center 2001 Flora Street Dallas, Texas 75201 214.242.5100 × Where’s your sense of adventure? Enjoy our free ‘til Midnight Movies, Music and Moonlight celebration and complete our Nasher Scavenger Hunt to win free tickets to the Nasher Sculpture Center. Use your senses to experience art — follow our hints and write down all five answers to win a prize. Download Nasher Scavenger Hunt Helpful Links About Press Contact Advisory Boards Careers Policies Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Stay Connected Receive updates on exhibitions, events, and more. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.