Digital Vidya - World's #1 Digital Marketing Course Since 2009 Digital Marketing Foundation MasterClass for 10x Growth of Career & Business in 2024 Why Attend? Live Online 1,00,000+ people attended since 2009 Rs 1999 FREE Certificate of Participation An exclusive Surprise Book Your Free Spot Digital Marketing Foundation MasterClass Book Your Free Spot March 9 (Sat) | 11 AM - 12 PM (IST) Live online with Certificate of Participation at Rs 1999 FREE HiddenWhich Program are you interested in?Digital MarketingData ScienceExcel with Power BII am not clear. Arrange a session with career counsellorName(Required) Email(Required) Phone(Required)Whatsapp Receive Updates on Whatsapp PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ By clicking the above button, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Skip to content +91-80100-33033 | [email protected] Join Free MasterClass Courses Menu Toggle Certified Digital Marketing Master (CDMM) Course Certified Search Engine Optimization – SEO Course Certified Search Engine Marketing (Google Ads) Course Certified Social Media Marketing Course Certified Email Marketing Course Certified Inbound Marketing Course Certified Web Analytics Course Placements Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Placements Hire Professionals through Digital Vidya For Business Hire Talent Resources Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Blog Digital Marketing Quiz Digital Marketing Webinars Digital Marketing Guides Digital Marketing Tools About Menu Toggle About Us Our Trainers Digital Marketing Experts Panel Digital Vidya Reviews Corporate Customers Careers Contact Us Courses Menu Toggle Certified Digital Marketing Master (CDMM) Course Certified Search Engine Optimization – SEO Course Certified Search Engine Marketing (Google Ads) Course Certified Social Media Marketing Course Certified Email Marketing Course Certified Inbound Marketing Course Certified Web Analytics Course Placements Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Placements Hire Professionals through Digital Vidya For Business Hire Talent Resources Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Blog Digital Marketing Quiz Digital Marketing Webinars Digital Marketing Guides Digital Marketing Tools About Menu Toggle About Us Our Trainers Digital Marketing Experts Panel Digital Vidya Reviews Corporate Customers Careers Contact Us Main Menu Courses Menu Toggle Certified Digital Marketing Master (CDMM) Course Certified Search Engine Optimization – SEO Course Certified Search Engine Marketing (Google Ads) Course Certified Social Media Marketing Course Certified Email Marketing Course Certified Inbound Marketing Course Certified Web Analytics Course Placements Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Placements Hire Professionals through Digital Vidya For Business Hire Talent Resources Menu Toggle Digital Marketing Blog Digital Marketing Quiz Digital Marketing Webinars Digital Marketing Guides Digital Marketing Tools About Menu Toggle About Us Our Trainers Digital Marketing Experts Panel Digital Vidya Reviews Corporate Customers Careers Contact Us Be a Global Leader in Digital Marketing StudentsProfessionalsEntrepreneurs Job Oriented & Upskilling Courses 120,000+ delighted learners since 2009 Explore Courses Co-created with: In-Demand Courses Instructor-led online course by digital marketing industry leaders. Certified Digital Marketing Master (CDMM) Course 4.9 (80548 reviews) Digital Marketing is a mandatory skill for a large number of professional roles in the industry today in departments such as Marketing, Public Relations, Branding and HR. Through our Digital Marketing & other Courses, Digital Vidya has trained 1,20,000+ entrepreneurs, professionals, and students... 4 or 7 Months Online Starts March 9, 10, 11, 12, 2024 View Details Other Digital Marketing Courses Get certified by global certification bodies and deepen your expertise. Certified Search Engine Marketing (Google Ads) Master Course Learn how to promote your business and create results using ads on Google and Bing.... Know more Certified Web Analytics (Google Analytics) Master Course Learn How to analyze the behavior of your website Visitors and interpreting data to make informed decisions.... Know more Certified Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Master Course Learn the skills to get your website visibility on search engine result pages for your target keywords... Know more Certified Social Media Marketing Master Course Learn how to promote your business on Social Media Platforms – Meta, Linkedin, X, Instagram, Snapchat... Know more Certified Inbound Marketing Master Course learn the skills to master lead generation, nurturing, and implementing effective marketing automation.... Know more Certified Email Marketing Master Course Learn how to efficiently manage and optimize email campaigns... Know more Why Should You Choose Digital Vidya Top Trainers Each trainer at Digital Vidya has 10+ years of industry experience. Interactive & Practical Focus on hands-on, problem-based tasks that ensure practical learning. Attend from Anywhere & Save Time Learn from anywhere with just a laptop & save up-to 120+ hrs of precious time. Class Recordings Missing classes is not a possibility, & revising your lessons a lot easier. You receive recordings for all your classes. Individual Attention & Collaborative Learning Intensive classes, brainstorming & a vibrant Q&A community create a perfect environment for collaborative learning. Lifetime Updates Access to the revised content for a lifetime lets you get opportunities to participate in competitions & continue to sharpen your skills. 5 4.4 4.1 4.9 4.2 Hear It From Our Students Digital Vidya is a unique course as it’s practical and focused. I learn to make a brand identity using my skills while getting the support of the experts in Digital Vidya. I’ve been able to learn how to lead a successful life as a Digital Marketer through the practical focused way of teaching them Rishabh Dubey Social Media Consultant, [Rs 4.8 LPA CTC] Placed at FXPay Services, Hyderabad Digital Vidya helped me in getting the right knowledge and confidence that I needed to succeed as a Digital Marketer. As Digital Vidya focuses more on practical knowledge rather than theoretical knowledge, which helped me acquire expertise in the Meta Platform. Without the help of Digital Vidya, I could not have been a Digital Marketer. Nazmul Hasan Shekh Social Media Consultant, [Rs 4.8 LPA CTC] Placed at FXPay Services, Hyderabad I am an engineer by degree and a marketer by profession. I started my career as an engineer, but somehow knowledge about brands and business pulls me when I always think about the future. One day I was scrolling Facebook casually and saw Digital Vidya’s Ad for a digital marketing career with a start of 4.8 LPA. I wanted to shift my career, so I clicked on the ad and filled in my details, then gave a simple test and cleared the test. Then the journey began. If you think it was an easy journey, no, it’s not. You have to put all your effort and energy into it, and the faculties of Digital Vidya were always available to help me throughout the journey and make it better for me. In my last words, if you have the hunger to get into a marketing career with great learning and a good package, I strongly recommend you to join Digital Vidya. Sourabh Singh Social Media Consultant, [Rs 4.8 LPA CTC] Placed at Skovian, Pune Wonderful learning experience with Digital Vidya. The practical approach of teaching made it very fun and understandable. Kushagri Joshi Digital Marketing Intern Placed at Simply Nutlicious Digital Vidya helped me in starting my marketing career with the help of a scheduled and planned learning process. The placement team helped me in creating an optimized LinkedIn profile and also an effective resume. I would like to give a “9 out of 10” to the Digital Vidya Pay After Placement Bootcamp. Komal Kumari Digital Marketer Placed at Entitle Elegance with 4.8 LPA Digital Vidya is doing a fantastic job in imparting Digital Marketing training. The major reason for choosing Digital Vidya’s course was that it was convenient and cost-effective. Moreover, the online mode of delivery was an additional factor that grabbed my attention as I did not want to attend an online classroom institute. Mithun Manohar CPDM Participant My overall experience is great, DV has great mentors and they are extremely intelligent. I follow all of them and they seriously provide good content and help us every time. Digital Vidya has changed my life. I am following my dream which I have wished whole life to do a career in social media and other digital media. Hrushikesh Bavalekar Digital Marketing Executive Placed at Kubera Communications Hear It From Industry Leaders The work Digital Vidya does is very important to help traditional companies and marketers reinvent themselves to become digital. Virginia Sharma EX - Director, LinkedIn Marketing Solutions Digital Vidya is doing a great job in making everyone digital ready! Aparna Lal Marketing Lead, Global Demand Center Digital Vidya is leading by example and doing some great work in the field of digital marketing. Sakhee Dheer EX - Digital Marketing Lead You are shaping the digital minds of the future. As India transforms into a digital economy, it will need more and more people who are well equipped to handle the immense possibilities the future holds and Digital Vidya will be playing a key role. You should be very proud of that! Not only are you a catalyst in this changing equation but you are also the fuel!... Read more Kanika Mittal Reebok India, Director – Brand Marketing​ and Communications Digital Vidya In Media Discuss With A Career Advisor Not Sure, What to learn and how it will help you? Schedule a Consultation Digital Marketing CoursesDMB (Digital Marketing Bootcamp) CDMM (Certified Digital Marketing Master) Digital Marketing Certification CourseSEO SEM Social Media Marketing Email Marketing Inbound Marketing Web Analytics Facebook Marketing Mobile App Marketing Digital Marketing Course InDelhi Mumbai Bangalore Gurgaon Pune Kolkata Hydrabad Chennai Noida Surat Patna Indore Lucknow Nagpur Coimbatore Kochi Jaipur Dubai Agra Ahmedabad Chandigarh Dehradun Faridabad Kanpur Mohali Raipur Varanasi Important LinksAbout Us Corporate Trainings Blog Webinars Quiz Contact Us © Copyright 2009 – 2024 Engaging Ideas Pvt. Ltd. Terms & conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Call Us Live Chat Free MasterClass Scroll to Top