Windows Dev Center | Microsoft Developer Skip to main content This browser is no longer supported. Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support. Download Microsoft Edge More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge Table of contents Windows Dev Center Leverage our tools and resources to tap into the expansive Windows user base. See what's new Explore the essentials Dashboard Documentation Code Samples Register Windows Developer Tools You asked, we listened! Check out a host of new features that boost productivity, expedite device set-up, and improve performance for dev scenarios. Discover now Windows Apps on Arm Adding Arm support to your Windows app lets you to tap into the rapidly growing Arm ecosystem, get better performance per watt, expand your user base, and unlock the power of AI. Learn more Windows and AI Bring the power of AI to your Windows app. Discover the latest tools and techniques. Learn More Writing Apps for Windows Start developing Windows apps or update existing apps to take advantage of the latest Windows operating system experiences. Learn more Learn more about plugins for Windows Copilot Preview coming soon Sign up today Windows Dev Kit 2023 Arm-powered device with everything you need to develop Windows apps for Arm, on Arm, featuring a powerful Neural Processing Unit (NPU) for AI computing. Buy today Learn more Build. Publish. Monetize. Microsoft Store Distribute your work to an audience of millions! Redesigned for developers to have new channels for discovery, including integration with your website and open support for more kinds of apps to run on Windows. Discover now Open for all! Distribute your desktop app via the Store, no matter what app framework or packaging tool you use - Win32, .NET, Java, Electron, or MSIX. Learn more PWA Build Progressive Web Apps with PWABuilder 3, debug with PWA support in the Microsoft Edge dev tools, and publish your PWA in the Store, including access to new commerce tools and capabilities! Learn more Microsoft Store API Use the Microsoft Store submission API for MSI or EXE apps to programmatically create and update store submissions for your app. Learn more Learn something new Our hands-on approach to learning is designed to help individuals at every skill level - to achieve their goals faster, with greater confidence, and at their own pace. Start learning Windows Insider Program Connect. Share. Grow Join now Latest news Using ONNX Runtime to explore DragGAN to generate high quality synthetic images Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are deep learning architectures that generate high quality sy... December 01, 2023 Elevating the developer experience on Windows with new AI tools and productivity tools With the latest Windows 11 update on Sept. 26 we released a host of developer features as the core c... November 15, 2023 Visual Studio 17.9 Preview 2 has arrived! Welcome to the release of Visual Studio 2022 17.9 Preview 2, which wraps up our development efforts ... December 12, 2023 Embracing SQL Server 2022 with SSDT 17.8: Unveiling Key Updates In the dynamic landscape of database development, SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT) is a powerful tool fo... December 05, 2023 Follow us Twitter Instagram Facebook Blog YouTube California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Theme Light Dark High contrast PrivacyTerms of UseTrademarks© Microsoft 2024 California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Theme Light Dark High contrast PrivacyTerms of UseTrademarks© Microsoft 2024