Oglethorpe University Search Play Snapchat Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flickr LinkedIn Pinterest Right Caret Left Caret Grid More External Link Oglethorpe Academics Experience Athletics Life Admission About Give, opens in a new tab Search More Items Academics Majors & Programs Adult Degree Program (Age 22+) The Oglethorpe Core Core Courses History of the Core Individually Planned Major Honors Program Honors Application Honors Credit Conversion Application Academic Affairs Hands-on Learning Honor Code University Bulletin Academic Resources Faculty Experience Civic Engagement Career Development Undergraduate Research Global Education After Oglethorpe Notable Alumni Athletics Life Things To Do Sports The Arts Student Activities Fraternities & Sororities Around Atlanta Getting Around Legends & Traditions Housing & Dining Safety & Security Support Services Admission Student Profile How To Apply First-year Transfer International Readmission Adult Degree Program Non-degree Visit Campus Video Portal Flagship 50® Flagship Institutions and Tuition by State State School Misconceptions Scholarships & Aid Scholarship Weekend About our Scholarships Tuition & Fees Placement & Credits Advanced Placement (AP) International Baccalaureate (IB) Oglethorpe Placement Tests Transfer Credits CLEP FAQ Next Steps For Admitted Students Contact Admission About Affordability & Value Petrel Promise Why Liberal Arts? Facts Rankings & Accolades Virtual Tour History Historical Timeline James Edward Oglethorpe The Carillon of Lupton Hall Alma Mater Fight Song Notable Alumni Mission & Accreditation Measures of Student Success Consumer Information Offices & Departments Social Media Directory Careers at OU Job Openings Benefits Human Resources Administration Maps Title IX Visit Campus Apply now Give to OU Latest: We're here to help with your FAFSA questions! Alumni, opens in a new tab Students Current Student, opens in a new tab Prospective Student, opens in a new tab Family of Students, opens in a new tab Faculty/Staff, opens in a new tab Media, opens in a new tab I am: Select Alumni, opens in a new tab Current Student Prospective Student Faculty or Staff Parent or Family Media, opens in a new tab Login: Select Admission Application, opens in a new tab Canvas EAB Navigate Email Handshake Oasis OU Connect Paycom Petrel Portal Welcome to Oglethorpe University Explore OU Think Do Live This is Oglethorpe A university where professors know your name and your aspirations. A small private college in a big busy city. A supportive community that’s as diverse as our hometown of Atlanta, the living laboratory where we learn by doing. A historic campus with cutting-edge facilities. A foundation for your future career and future service. A gateway to global opportunities. A place where you can be you. This is Oglethorpe. Think Giant lecture halls? Hundreds of students? Graduate teaching assistants? There’s a different way to learn. At Oglethorpe, there are big advantages to small classes led by expert professors whose only job is to teach and mentor YOU. Here you’ll be challenged by intense class discussions, new ideas and different perspectives, and classmates who are some of the most diverse of any college in the country. You’ll study a curriculum that balances deep, intellectual exploration and practical knowledge in the discipline of your choice. 60+ Academic Programs Do Learning isn’t just books and beakers. From the first day you step foot on campus, your advisor will work with you to map a customized 4-year journey of classes and experiences to help you define and achieve your personal and career goals. Explore Experiences Live Oglethorpe’s historic gothic architecture is situated in a safe, enclosed 100-acre wooded oasis. Here you’ll experience everything you expect from college life—championship athletics, Greek life, music, art, theatre, and more than 60 student clubs and organizations. Brookhaven, our hometown, is ranked as the safest city in metro Atlanta. Explore Life Value College should be about your top choice, not the bottom line. With our generous scholarship and aid packages, including our groundbreaking Flagship 50 program, you could attend Oglethorpe for the same price as a huge state school... and our students graduate with some of the lowest rates of debt of any university, public or private. It’s no wonder the Fiske Guide to Colleges named us one of Best Buy Schools in the nation! Cost Calculator Oglethorpe matches flagship state tuition in all 50 states for qualified students Named a “Best Buy School” in the 2023 Fiske Guide to Colleges 99% of students receive financial aid $27 MIL in aid awarded annually Small School in the Middle of Everywhere Oglethorpe: 1,540 Students Metro Atlanta: Population ~6 million Top 13% in the nation for median salaries of graduates – Payscale 93% of grads employed or in grad school within one year of graduation Among the top in the country for social mobility - US News & World Report Recent OU grads are attending these grad schools: Oxford Yale Harvard Georgetown and many others Results Get into grad school. Land your dream job. Build a successful career for the long-haul and lay the groundwork for a lifetime of higher earnings. An OU degree is a valuable investment—and it gets results. And with the Petrel Promise, we guarantee that you will graduate in four years, and get a job or get into grad school within six months... or your fifth year is on us! Petrel Promise Oglethorpe Earns an 'A' in Diversity Among the top 15% in ethnic, racial, religious and financial diversity How are we supporting diversity, equity and inclusion efforts? Find out The Source The latest news and stories from Oglethorpe Featured Award-winning writer Willie Perdomo to headline new 'Oglethorpe Out Loud' poetry series Read Notable Saluting women Petrel pioneers during Women’s History Month Read Academics Art and culture inspire creative Petrels studying abroad... Read Academics Oglethorpe launches digital diplomas for new graduates Read Academics “Little Libraries” First-Year Seminar project spreads love of... Read More at the Source Events Featured Contrapunto: Works by a Contemporary Latin American Artist Collective | February 16 - May 19, 2024 | Oglethorpe University Museum of Art More Up Next Contrapunto: Works by a Contemporary Latin American Artist Collective Oglethorpe University Museum of Art Tabling for: 3v3 Basketball Tournament - Hosted by ΣAE Sigma Alpha Epsilon ΣAE Art Sale - Benefitting the CHOA Sigma Alpha Epsilon Women's Lacrosse vs. Huntingdon Athletics More Events @OglethorpeUniv See more on Instagram. Nescit Cedere. Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Opens in new tab Make a Life. Make a Living. Make a Difference. Connect: Open Facebook in a new tab Open Instagram in a new tab Open YouTube in a new tab Open LinkedIn in a new tab Open Flickr in a new tab Contact Us Apply Now Visitors A-Z Directory Campus Maps Calendar of Events Employment OU Museum of Art Facility Rentals Alumni & Friends Alumni Website Shop OU Gear News & Stories Make a Gift Construction Progress Campus Users OU Email OASIS Canvas EAB Navigate Library OUConnect © 2024 Oglethorpe University4484 Peachtree Rd NEAtlanta, GA 30319404.261.1441 • 800.428.4484 Privacy Policy Title IX Accessibility Statement Equal Opportunity Policy Latest: We're here to help with your FAFSA questions! Search Oglethorpe Search Close Popular Searches admission events Flagship 50 academic calendar diversity, equity and inclusion job postings events calendar Visitors A-Z Directory Campus Maps Calendar of Events Employment OU Museum of Art Facility Rentals Alumni & Friends Alumni Website Shop OU Gear News & Stories Make a Gift Construction Progress Campus Users OU Email OASIS Canvas Library OUConnect Close Search