Joplin News Help Forum Joplin Cloud Support us Joplin Cloud Support us News Help Forum Joplin Cloud Support us Copyright © 2016-2024 Laurent Cozic Privacy Policy Running in prod mode! Free your notes Joplin is an open source note-taking app. Capture your thoughts and securely access them from any device. Download the app Sign up with Joplin Cloud Multimedia notes Images, videos, PDFs and audio files are supported. Create math expressions and diagrams directly from the app. Take photos with the mobile app and save them to a note. Download the app Work together With Joplin Cloud, share your notes with your friends, family or colleagues and collaborate on them. You can also publish a note to the internet and share the URL with others. Try it now Save web pages as notes Use the web clipper extension, available on Chrome and Firefox, to save web pages or take screenshots as notes. Get the clipper Customise it Customise the app with plugins, custom themes and multiple text editors (Rich Text or Markdown). Or create your own scripts and plugins using the Extension API. Find out more Your notes, everywhere you are Access your notes from your computer, phone or tablet by synchronising with various services, including Joplin Cloud, Dropbox and OneDrive. The app is available on Windows, macOS, Linux, Android and iOS. A terminal app is also available! Download it now 100% your data The app is open source and your notes are saved to an open format, so you'll always have access to them. Uses End-To-End Encryption (E2EE) to secure your notes and ensure no-one but yourself can access them. More about E2EE A French Alternative Joplin Cloud is based in France. This means your data is protected by strict European Union privacy laws. In addition, Joplin Cloud implements strong end-to-end encryption so that not even us can have access to your data. In the Press “It lets you create multiple types of notes, reminders, and alarms, all of which can be synced. The app also includes a web clipper too, but in our opinion, Joplin’s best feature is the built-in end-to-end encryption for keeping your notes private.” Life Hacker, "The Best Note-Taking Apps" By Brendan Hesse “Joplin is single handedly the best pick for an open-source note-taking app, making it an Editors' Choice winner for that category. Unlike some open-source tools, which are incredibly difficult to use, Joplin is surprisingly user friendly, even in setting up storage and syncing.” PCMag, "The Best Open-Source Note-Taking App" By Jill Duffy “Joplin is an excellent open source note taking application with plenty of features. You can take notes, make to-do list and sync your notes across devices by linking it with cloud services. The synchronization is protected with end to end encryption.” It's FOSS, "Joplin: Open source note organizer" By Abhishek Prakash “It lets you create multiple types of notes, reminders, and alarms, all of which can be synced. The app also includes a web clipper too, but in our opinion, Joplin’s best feature is the built-in end-to-end encryption for keeping your notes private.” Life Hacker, "The Best Note-Taking Apps" By Brendan Hesse “Joplin is single handedly the best pick for an open-source note-taking app, making it an Editors' Choice winner for that category. Unlike some open-source tools, which are incredibly difficult to use, Joplin is surprisingly user friendly, even in setting up storage and syncing.” PCMag, "The Best Open-Source Note-Taking App" By Jill Duffy “Joplin is an excellent open source note taking application with plenty of features. You can take notes, make to-do list and sync your notes across devices by linking it with cloud services. The synchronization is protected with end to end encryption.” It's FOSS, "Joplin: Open source note organizer" By Abhishek Prakash Our sponsors Thank you for your support! Copyright © 2016-2024 Laurent Cozic Privacy Policy