WebSiteOptimization.com - Higher traffic and speed guaranteed.™ Skip to content 877.SITE.OPT WebSiteOptimization.com Higher traffic and speed guaranteed.™ Menu Home Publications Services Speed Analysis Optimization Marketing Conversion Dental Multivariate-Testing Pay Per Click Search Engine Web Development Site Plan Accessibility Design Usability Web Page Analyzer Website Spell Checker About Sitemap Contact Us Web Site Optimization: Maximum Website Performance Web site optimization produces highly competitive web sites that out-perform on every measure; traffic, speed, conversion rates, sell-throughs, and, most importantly, return on your investment.We offer expert website optimization services and a book Website Optimization: Speed, Search Engine & Conversion Rate Secrets.Try our free Web Page Analyzer, our free website spell checker, and our new SEO analysis tool. New Internet dental marketing service. Site Highlights The Bandwidth Report Case Studies Recommended Books Optimization Services Optimization Week Presentations Speed Tweak Testimonials Website Tools Web Page Analyzer Website Spell Checker PPC Optimization: Smart Display Campaigns Like Smart Search Campaigns do for Search Campaigns, Smart Display Campaigns automate much of the semi-manual process of setting up and running a regular display campaign in Google Ads. The Google Display network has a vast reach of over 2 million sites reaching 90% of the people on the Internet. Display ads appear in many different formats … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on November 15, 2020 PPC Optimization: Early Warning 2 In a previous article, we wrote about early warning signals that can help you optimize PPC ads faster using Phone Calls and PTR (phone through rate) data. In this follow-up article we explore additional metrics to help optimize PPC ads faster, including Impressions Top & Absolute Top, and Average Session Duration. Using these metrics can give you … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on April 26, 2020 PPC Optimization: Optimizing Smart Campaigns In July 2018 Google rolled out Smart Campaigns in Google Ads in the US. Smart campaigns are designed for small businesses without a dedicated marketing staff. Semi-automated and self optimizing Smart campaigns are designed to drive leads and traffic with minimal setup and maintenance (see Figure 1). While it may sound like an oxymoron, Smart … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on September 29, 2019 PPC Optimization: Minimize Learning Mode In Google Ads the bid strategy you choose determines how Google calculates your ad bids. Different bid strategies have different uses and advantages, and include manual and automated bid strategies like “Maximize Clicks” and “Target CPA” (see Figure 1). Depending on your ultimate goal, leads, conversions or traffic, there are one or more bid strategies … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on July 14, 2019 PPC Optimization: Using Call-Only Ads in Search Campaigns Call-only ads are a good way to drive calls to your business directly from ads. Call-only ads are only shown on devices that can make calls, such as smart phones. Over time however, we’ve found that in some highly competitive markets, the quality score of keywords associated with a call-only campaign can drop below 3/10, … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on May 8, 2019 PPC Optimization: Dayparting Display Ads Display ads are a good way to advertise to a large audience at low cost. You can maximize your PPC campaign effectiveness by strategically targeting the demographics and schedule of your audience. This article shows how to “daypart” the ad schedule of a display campaign. What is Dayparting? Dayparting is the process of scheduling your … Read more Categories Speed Tweak of the Week By Website Optimization on March 6, 2019 Third Party Services Slow Website Performance Over the past few years, ecommerce sites have made a concerted effort to improve their shopping experience. Most ecommerce sites employ third party gizmos to add features like chat, recommendations, reviews, personalization and localization. The problem is, these third party scripts extract a cost: inconsistent website performance. The Growth of Third Party Services With the … Read more Categories JavaScript optimization, Psychology, Server optimization, Speed optimization, Surveys and Statistics, Web performance, Website optimization By Andy King on February 1, 2019 The Tracker Tax: How Third Party Trackers Impact Website Speed in the United States Personal consumer data has become the oil of the 21st century. American companies are expected to spend close to $20 billion on consumer data in 2018 (New York Times 2018). Data trackers are the main way advertisers gather this valuable consumer data. Trackers are small JavaScripts used by advertisers like Google and Facebook to monitor … Read more Categories JavaScript optimization, Speed optimization, Surveys and Statistics, Web performance, Website optimization By Andy King on December 19, 2018 PPC Optimization: Localize Ad Text With Google’s new expanded text ads (90 characters vs. 45) there is more room to make your case to potential buyers. One of the best ways to optimize a PPC account is to improve the ad text. This article shows how you can use local landmarks to boost click-through rates and conversions. PPC Ad Text … Read more Categories PPC Optimization, Surveys and Statistics, Website optimization By Andy King on December 7, 2018 Banner Ad Study: The Female Gaze With the rapid growth of online advertising, viewer attention is becoming increasingly scarce. In 2018 alone, total media ad spending will rise 7.4% to $638 billion. Digital media will account for 43.5% of this total ad spend (eMarketer 2018) and will surpass conventional advertising by 2021. With online browsers bombarded with more and more advertising … Read more Categories Graphic optimization, PPC Optimization, Surveys and Statistics, Website optimization By Andy King on November 20, 2018 Older posts Page1 Page2 … Page18 Next → Contact Us Please leave this field empty. Δ Free Newsletter Please leave this field empty. Δ Book News Web Page Optimization Chapter 6 PhillyDentistry.com Second Redesign Lynx View Figure 4-8. Conversion rates for Body Glove cell phone cases, by month Figure 4-7. The improved product page Figure 4-6. Average CPC, by month Figure 4-5. The original product page Figure 4-4. Body Glove category page Figure 4-3. Four baseline ads for variations on “cell phone cases” more book news » News Channels Speed Tweak (home) Bandwidth Report Book News Speed Tweak Categories Accessibility CSS optimization Graphic optimization JavaScript optimization Multimedia optimization Photography PPC Optimization Psychology Server optimization Speed optimization Speed Tweak of the Week Surveys and Statistics Uncategorized Web performance Website optimization XHTML optimization SEO & redesign increased new patients by 100X! PhillyDentistry.com Web Performance Services Increased speeds by 30-90% with our analysis and optimization services. AOL.com Aruba.com Caravan Tours Bank of America Time Warner Wells Fargo WhitePages.com Conversion RateOptimization Increase conversions with adaptive multivariate testing to squeeze more leads out of your exiating traffic. Quickly boost your ROI. Web Development Improve your site's look, usability and accessibility for a more credible and successful website. Professional redesigns Accessibility reviews Usability reviews CMS development Multimedia optimization Custom programming Copyright © 2002-2024 Website Optimization, LLC. All Rights Reserved - Free website speed test - Privacy Policy . Home Publications Services Speed Analysis Optimization Marketing Conversion Dental Multivariate-Testing Pay Per Click Search Engine Web Development Site Plan Accessibility Design Usability Web Page Analyzer Website Spell Checker About Sitemap Contact Us Close