Tasty Kitchen: A Happy Recipe Community! The Pioneer Woman Tasty Kitchen Home Recipes Super Easy Shortcut Hummus by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks The best hummus ever with just two ingredients! Make a batch of lemon tahini dressing first, then add chick peas and presto, hummus! Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins by Cheryl Whyte Sometimes you just need something a little sweet, right!? Well, I’ve got a treat for you! These wholesome and healthy Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins are full of coconutty goodness and loaded with nutritious blueberries. Cinnamon Coffee Cake by Krystle What’s not to like about this cake with a rich cinnamon swirl, and an irresistible crumb topping. Best brunch idea ever! Grandma’s Dill Pickles by Jennifer Locklin Our family’s favorite dill pickles! Packed with garlic and fresh dill, these crisp dill pickles will add a boost of flavor to any meal. This Czech recipe has been passed down through our family for generations. Blueberry Chia Jam by Cheryl Whyte You can feel good about eating this all-natural blueberry chia jam that is free from refined sugar and preservatives. Made with real fruit and chia seeds, you’ll be spreading chia jam over your baked goods in 10 minutes flat. Apple Cake by Beth Pierce This delectable Apple Cake has a slightly crunchy crust and a soft moist center that is loaded with chunks of sweet apple and pecans. It is perfectly spiced with cinnamon, ground cloves and nutmeg. It is lightly drizzled with an easy four ingredient caramel sauce. I make this cake several times each fall for bake sales, potlucks and family and friend get-togethers. Refreshing Iced Ginger Lemonade by ashley This refreshing iced ginger lemonade packs a lot of punch in flavor and health benefits. Made wholesome ingredients like fresh ginger, lemon and raw honey. Enjoy iced or you can even enjoy warm during the fall and winter months. Paleo, gluten-free and refined-sugar-free. She-Crab Mac and Cheese by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks She-crab bisque meets mac and cheese in this epic pairing! This mac and cheese is gooey, spiced with Old Bay, and couldn’t be easier to make! Instant Pot Chicken Bone Broth by Danielle Wolter This Instant Pot Chicken Bone Broth is super quick and easy to make in the Instant Pot: rich, nourishing, amazingly delicious. Creamy Garlic Shrimp with Parmesan by Blondelish.com This easy one-pan recipe includes plump seared shrimp in a rich and melty Parmesan sauce topped with fresh basil. Red Pepper Pesto Pasta Salad by Katie Clack This roasted red pepper pesto pasta salad is bursting with Mediterranean flavors and features a delicious vegan spin on pesto! Quick and Easy Cilantro Lime Rice by Lori Kemph | Mutt & Chops A fresh and bright side dish for both Mexican and Asian cuisine. So easy, quick and delicious you’ll make it much more often going forward Ärtsoppa by Natalie Wiser-Orozco Swedish yellow split pea soup—vegan and filling! Easy Ratatouille by Kendall Smith This easy ratatouille recipe is a classic summer French stew filled with vibrant, colourful and nutritious vegetables: tomatoes, zucchini and eggplant. It is a low-carb, gluten-free and vegan dish that can be made in one pan and served atop greens or grains, as a side to a main entrée, or all on its own. Appetizers Breads Breakfast Canning Condiments Desserts Drinks Holidays Homemade Ingredients Main Courses Salads Sides Soups Special Dietary Needs Community Blog Menu Home Recipes Super Easy Shortcut Hummus by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks The best hummus ever with just two ingredients! Make a batch of lemon tahini dressing first, then add chick peas and presto, hummus! Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins by Cheryl Whyte Sometimes you just need something a little sweet, right!? Well, I’ve got a treat for you! These wholesome and healthy Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins are full of coconutty goodness and loaded with nutritious blueberries. Cinnamon Coffee Cake by Krystle What’s not to like about this cake with a rich cinnamon swirl, and an irresistible crumb topping. Best brunch idea ever! Grandma’s Dill Pickles by Jennifer Locklin Our family’s favorite dill pickles! Packed with garlic and fresh dill, these crisp dill pickles will add a boost of flavor to any meal. This Czech recipe has been passed down through our family for generations. Blueberry Chia Jam by Cheryl Whyte You can feel good about eating this all-natural blueberry chia jam that is free from refined sugar and preservatives. Made with real fruit and chia seeds, you’ll be spreading chia jam over your baked goods in 10 minutes flat. Apple Cake by Beth Pierce This delectable Apple Cake has a slightly crunchy crust and a soft moist center that is loaded with chunks of sweet apple and pecans. It is perfectly spiced with cinnamon, ground cloves and nutmeg. It is lightly drizzled with an easy four ingredient caramel sauce. I make this cake several times each fall for bake sales, potlucks and family and friend get-togethers. Refreshing Iced Ginger Lemonade by ashley This refreshing iced ginger lemonade packs a lot of punch in flavor and health benefits. Made wholesome ingredients like fresh ginger, lemon and raw honey. Enjoy iced or you can even enjoy warm during the fall and winter months. Paleo, gluten-free and refined-sugar-free. She-Crab Mac and Cheese by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks She-crab bisque meets mac and cheese in this epic pairing! This mac and cheese is gooey, spiced with Old Bay, and couldn’t be easier to make! Instant Pot Chicken Bone Broth by Danielle Wolter This Instant Pot Chicken Bone Broth is super quick and easy to make in the Instant Pot: rich, nourishing, amazingly delicious. Creamy Garlic Shrimp with Parmesan by Blondelish.com This easy one-pan recipe includes plump seared shrimp in a rich and melty Parmesan sauce topped with fresh basil. Red Pepper Pesto Pasta Salad by Katie Clack This roasted red pepper pesto pasta salad is bursting with Mediterranean flavors and features a delicious vegan spin on pesto! Quick and Easy Cilantro Lime Rice by Lori Kemph | Mutt & Chops A fresh and bright side dish for both Mexican and Asian cuisine. So easy, quick and delicious you’ll make it much more often going forward Ärtsoppa by Natalie Wiser-Orozco Swedish yellow split pea soup—vegan and filling! Easy Ratatouille by Kendall Smith This easy ratatouille recipe is a classic summer French stew filled with vibrant, colourful and nutritious vegetables: tomatoes, zucchini and eggplant. It is a low-carb, gluten-free and vegan dish that can be made in one pan and served atop greens or grains, as a side to a main entrée, or all on its own. Appetizers Breads Breakfast Canning Condiments Desserts Drinks Holidays Homemade Ingredients Main Courses Salads Sides Soups Special Dietary Needs Community Blog Advanced Sign Up Log In h a f e d Creamy Garlic Shrimp with Parmesan by Blondelish.com Apple Cake by Beth Pierce Cream Cheese Enchilada Casserole by Cooking Up Memories Refreshing Iced Ginger Lemonade by ashley Cinnamon Coffee Cake by Krystle Popular Recipes Crunchy Cashew Thai Quinoa Salad with Ginger Peanut Dressing by Monique of Ambitious Kitchen 4.96 Mitt(s) 23 Rating(s) Healthy Sesame Chicken by Laurie - Simply Scratch 4.94 Mitt(s) 17 Rating(s) Butternut Squash and Black Bean Enchilada Skillet by Monique of Ambitious Kitchen 4.96 Mitt(s) 24 Rating(s) Chorizo Lentil Stew by Heather Disarro 4.94 Mitt(s) 32 Rating(s) Featured Members Sal @ Berry Sweet Life Member Since 2016 Recipes: 180 Average Rating: View Profile Katie Clack Member Since 2020 Recipes: 7 Candice Member Since 2019 Recipes: 15 Inside Tasty Kitchen Hearty Beef StewCold outside? Get warm and comfy inside with a hearty bowl of beef stew. You just might have all the ingredients you need for this recipe, which means you get to shop in your pantry wearing jammies. That's always a win.Cheddar Tailgating BreadPerfect for football season! Grab a loaf of Italian bread and go to town with melted butter, garlic and herbs, and an insane amount of cheese. So much deliciousness in every little bite, you might forget to keep score.Pumpkin Cake BarsIt's pumpkin time again! Can't decide between pumpkin pie and cake? Why choose when you can have both! Its topping is similar to that of pecan pie, so really, you could say it's three desserts in one. Count us in. Welcome! Join Our Our Happy Cooking Community! Sign Up or Log in below Cookies!Your next favorite cookie recipe is waiting for you. Come find it!View RecipeSpecial DietsFrom gluten-free to dairy-free, Tasty Kitchen has a wealth of delicious recipes to meet your needs.View Recipe Recent Recipes Recent Rating Photos Title The Best Shrimp Salad by AD Kitchen in Salads If you are looking for a juicy, refreshing salad, but you are not sure what to make, our Shrimp Salad is a recipe you should not miss! 4.67 Mitt(s) 3 Rating(s) Prep: 10 mins Cook: 5 mins Serves: 1 Level: Easy Share f a e Ginger Syrup by Willamette Transplant in Condiments Ginger simple syrup is a golden opportunity to make the most of that knobby root hanging out in your fruit basket. Ginger syrup captures the spicy essence, bright flavor, and mellow aroma of this herb... 4.00 Mitt(s) 1 Rating(s) Prep: 5 mins Cook: 10 mins Serves: 10 Level: Easy Share f a e Crab and Corn Chowder by Krystle in Soups This rich and creamy soup is packed with fresh corn and sweet crab meat. You won't be able to stop slurping this one! 0.00 Mitt(s) 0 Rating(s) Prep: 5 mins Cook: 25 mins Serves: 4 Level: Easy Share f a e Garlic Shrimp Scampi with Angel Hair Pasta by Blondelish.com in Main Courses This shrimp scampi with angel hair pasta is a delicious dinner with plenty of cheese that you can make in just 15 minutes! 5.00 Mitt(s) 1 Rating(s) Prep: 5 mins Cook: 10 mins Serves: 4 Level: Easy Share f a e Vegetable Beef Soup by Beth Pierce in Soups Beef Vegetable Soup is made with tender chunks of slow simmered chuck roast with onions, celery, carrots, potatoes, tomatoes and green beans. I love to serve this tasty soup with crusty baguettes or cornbread... 0.00 Mitt(s) 0 Rating(s) Prep: 20 mins Cook: 2 hrs 30 mins Serves: 8 Level: Easy Share f a e Hashbrown Casserole with Ham by Krystle in Breakfast Crispy hashbrowns, fluffy eggs, and ham come together in this easy casserole. Easy enough for the weekend, but tasty enough for the holidays! 0.00 Mitt(s) 0 Rating(s) Prep: 10 mins Cook: 1 hr 15 mins Serves: 10 Level: Easy Share f a e Fluffy Buttermilk Pancakes by simmering essence in Breakfast In all the years I’ve made these, we’ve never gotten tired of them. They are the fluffiest, tastiest pancakes and come together in a snap. And the toppings make them so much better! 4.00 Mitt(s) 1 Rating(s) Prep: 10 mins Cook: 20 mins Serves: 6 Level: Easy Share f a e Mushroom Risotto by Beth Pierce in Sides Mushroom Risotto is a creamy luscious Italian rice dish made with chicken broth and fresh mushrooms right on the stove top using a spoon and a little elbow grease. You too can make delicious... 5.00 Mitt(s) 2 Rating(s) Prep: 10 mins Cook: 35 mins Serves: 4 Level: Easy Share f a e Creamy Fig Burrata Summer Salad by Ita Cirovic Donev in Salads Creamy, sweet, and salty with a touch of acidity this fig burrata summer salad does not disappoint. Perfect for an appetizer or a light lunch. 0.00 Mitt(s) 0 Rating(s) Prep: 20 mins Cook: - Serves: 5 Level: Easy Share f a e Summer Peach Crumble with Ginger by Emily Nader in Desserts This peach crumble is easy to make and full of flavor. Beautifully ripe summer peaches paired with ginger gives this crumble amazing flavor. Serve with your favorite ice cream and it won't last long. 5.00 Mitt(s) 1 Rating(s) Prep: 25 mins Cook: 45 mins Serves: 6 Level: Easy Share f a e 1 2 3 … 8,448 Next » Jump to page: GO! Friends of Tasty Kitchen Baking Beauty Berry Sweet Life ButterYum Food Faith Fitness FunnyLove Hungry Haley Jeanie and Lulu's Kitchen Low Carb with Jennifer My Three Seasons Pumpkin 'n Spice Simple Comfort Food Small Town Woman Tasty Kitchen Blog Archives Holidays Kitchen Talk Looks Delicious! Meet the Member Step-by-Step Recipes The Theme Is … Connect Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS EmailCookbook Corner © Copyright 2006-2024, The Pioneer Woman | Ree Drummond.All Rights ReservedPowered by WordPress