Missoulian | Breaking News | | Read Missoula, MT and Montana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 15° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Business Crime Nation & World 406 Politics State Wildfires History News Tip Obituaries Share a Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Columnists Cartoon Editorial Letters Submit a Letter Sports High School College Montana Grizzlies Montana State University Professional Betting Life & Entertainment Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Music Movies & TV Books Games Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Pets Faith Travel Comics Columns People Announcements Hometowns Outdoors Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Advertising info Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs Wildfires 15° Partly Cloudy Money Williams returns as Montana men's basketball beats Idaho State, earns No. 3 seed The Grizzlies close the regular season with back-to-back wins and victories in five of their past six games. Konig scores career high, Montana women's basketball holds on for win at Idaho State The Montana Lady Griz beat Idaho State Monday and will take a two-game win streak into the Big Sky Conference tournament. Former Montana football coach Bob Stitt hired as offensive coordinator for Colorado high school Former Montana football coach Bob Stitt has taken a job at Valor Christian High School in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Parties still fielding legislative candidates ahead of filing deadline A third of the races don’t yet have a Democratic candidate, while 20% of contests don’t have a Republican running so far. Democrats rally around Jon Tester at glitzy annual fundraising dinner The unified force behind Tester was palpable, until two pro-Palestine protesters stood up and interrupted his speech. 'Source of pride': Blackfeet Nation repatriates dress from 1890s “It’s a big source of pride to bring something like this home. This is us practicing self-government and sovereignty," said Tyson Running Wolf. Tuesday public open house slated for Missoula parks and rec planning The public is welcome at an open house on the 4th floor of the Missoula Public Library on March 5 from 5:30-730 p.m. to discuss the future of public spaces. Report: Missoula median home sales price reaches record high A third of all buyers of homes in Missoula in 2023 paid in all cash, a record number. Also, residential building permits are down to an "alarming" low level. Hobby Lobby holds grand opening in Missoula The national arts, crafts and home goods retailer has been remodeling the old Lucky's Market space since late 2021. Snowmobilers die in Idaho, Washington avalanches Friday The Boundary County Office of Emergency Management identified the deceased rider as 54-year-old Lance J. Gidley of Sandpoint. Leads exhausted in Prather missing persons case Eva Masin Prather, 43, was first reported missing on Dec. 30 out of Missoula. 'She's been a beacon': Blackfeet Nation to host 'Lily Gladstone Day' March 26 “She’s been a beacon, especially for our youth to know that success is out there,” said Councilman Robert DesRosier. “We really embrace her.” Montana’s public virtual school releases guidebook to help educators incorporate AI Montana Digital Academy released a guide to help teachers leverage the potential benefits of the technology while also safeguarding against some of the risks it brings. New First Security Bank will be largest cross-laminated timber building in MT "CLT has superior strength, inherent fire resistance and reduces the environmental impact." 'These stories are not just folk to us. It’s our identity': Husband-wife duo share Salish Coyote stories Coyote, Aspen Decker said, teaches people “how to be, and in some ways, how not to be.” Western AA Divisional: Missoula Hellgate sweeps title games over crosstown foes The Knights swept through as both Western AA boys and girls champs with victories over crosstown rivals. Montana men's basketball routs Idaho, Grizzlies clinch first 20-win season since 2019 Aanen Moody paces Montana with 22 points after he went for 35 on Thursday, his most points (57) over any two-game stretch in his seven-year career. Montana women's basketball secures first 20-win season since 2016 After suffering a heartbreaking home loss to Eastern Washington Thursday, the Montana Lady Griz posted a convincing bounce-back win Saturday. Missoulian editorial: Buying bridges to huckleberry future Gardeners have tried for years to cultivate Montana’s favorite wild berry without success. The real thing insists on thriving only in places where we have to work hard to reach. 'Pretty surprising': Board removes longtime tribal college president David Yarlott The discussion on Yarlott’s removal lasted three hours, ending at 1:20 a.m. The board approved a motion canceling Yarlott's contract and appointing faculty member Neva Tall Bear as interim president. Missoula man gets 60 years for killing his girlfriend in 2022 A man was sentenced on Friday for killing Angela M. Kohl in 2022. Guide to Montana Grizzlies spring football camp: Who's back? Who's new? Who's gone? The Montana Grizzlies kick off spring camp Monday and will practice 15 times over the next six weeks, concluding with the spring game April 12. Levee maintenance to close sections of North Riverfront Trail There is no detour routes between Madison Street and Orange Street. The city advised pedestrians to use parks, streets and sidewalks as methods of transport PSC districts likely gerrymandered, judge rules “SB 109 was intended to secure a partisan advantage for Republican candidates for PSC, and to limit the influence of voters not inclined to vote for Republican PSC candidates.” 'Hush of the land': Friendship stokes embers of Smoke Elser stories The Bob Marshall Wilderness welcomes visitors like a primordial librarian, offering stories spread across millions of acres of mountains. Smoke Elser has spent his life learning those tales. Missoula leaders set plans for government review, city council changes agenda format Every 10 years, state law says local Montana city and county governments must give the public the option to review and change the government structure. Missoulian week in review: Local news recap for Feb. 24-March 1 Here's a roundup of local stories that ran this week. Health department under corrective plan for delayed SNAP applications Federal officials said Montana is "severely out of compliance" for timely handling of food assistance requests. First Friday in Missoula: New installations, nature prints Find out more about all the exhibitions on view around town this month. 26 Native-owned businesses receive $320K in grant funding The Montana Department of Commerce announced on Thursday that $320,000 of grant funding has been allocated to 26 Native-owned businesses. The Latest Missoula and Western Montana homes for big families Missoula and Western Montana homes with at least five bedrooms. Jury selected for bounty hunt homicide trial in Butte About 120 prospective jurors showed up at the Maroon Activity Center Monday morning and after several hours of questioning, a jury of four men and eight women was chosen. Forest Service has job openings for firefighter, dispatcher positions The Helena-Lewis and Clark National Forest will be accepting applications March 4-15 for 12 entry-level permanent wildland firefighter and dispatcher positions. State to celebrate 40 years of Made in Montana Program at tradeshow in Helena The Montana Department of Commerce will celebrate the 40th anniversary of its Made in Montana Program at the Made in Montana Tradeshow for Food and Gifts on Friday and Saturday at the fairgrounds. Interact With Us Nurses 2024 Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Latest Video Montana seniors exit home court for final time Highlights: Montana State Bobcats beat Weber State Wildcats on Senior Night Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Sports Montana State Bobcats escape Weber State in regular season finale “Credit Weber for clawing their way back. But we need to play to win in end of game management.” MSU head coach Tricia Binford Montana seniors exit home court for final time Highlights: Montana State Bobcats beat Weber State Wildcats on Senior Night Seniors Robert Ford III and John Olmsted led the Montana State men’s basketball team to a 76-64 win over Weber State in their final home game as Bobcats on Monday, March 4, 2024, at Worthington Arena in Bozeman. Full Court Press: Montana high school basketball highlights (March 4) Highlights and high scorers from high school basketball challenge games. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Having problems with hair loss? The benefits of hair transplantation in Turkey Provided content. Learn about the process of getting a hair transplant in Turkey. Sponsored 16 best sites to buy Instagram likes 2024 Provided content. Read about the top sites for buying Instagram likes. Contributor The basics of bitcoin: History and current price Contributor content. For those thinking about investing in Bitcoin, knowing the basics of crypto trading beforehand is essential. Sponsored Common misconceptions about laser hair removal Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. Uncover the facts behind the most common myths regarding laser hair removal. Local Businesses Mike Jeffords Hd 85 Po Box 604, Darby, MT 59829 Website Moccasin Mountain Art Gallery 212 W Main , Lewistown, MT 59457 Website Helena Food Share 1437 HELENA AVE, HELENA, MT 59601 Print Ads Other Silvertip Heating & Air - Ad from 2024-03-01 Construction HELPING HANDS - Ad from 2024-03-01 Other Thomas Kimpel Painting - Ad from 2024-03-01 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Missoula.com Auto Finder Newcomers Special Sections Services Contact Us E-Edition Subscribe Work here Dealer Returns © Copyright 2024 Missoulian, P.O. Box 8029 Missoula, MT 59807-8029 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alert Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe