Port Skip to content Get Port delivered Subscribe to Port Magazine annually and receive each issue to your door. Subscribe to port Get PORT in print art & photography design & architecture fashion film food horology literature music sustainability Shop Search Get Port delivered Subscribe to Port Magazine annually and receive each issue to your door. Subscribe to port Get PORT in print art & photography design & architecture fashion film food horology literature music sustainability Shop Search Design Creationism Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint eschewed the term architect in favour of master builder but, as his church in […] Food & Drink Rhubarb & Pistachio Rice Pudding Ahead of their opening on Saturday, a seasonal pudding from Claude and Lucy Bosi of Josephine […] Design Supermax Forty years after its creation, Flexform’s Max sofa is revitalised In his Bauhaus Manifesto, Walter Gropius […] Fashion Atlas Effect Transforming the body through overloading, through the eyes of Gabriele Rosati, Fabio Pace and Luca Notarfrancesco […] Design If Claes Oldenburg Made A Chair The insides and outsides of Cassina’s revived Soriana sofa It’s not hard to see why Tobia […] Fashion Healing a Messy Separation The American designers trying to bring their fashion closer to the planet “Topographically the country is […] Commentary Commentary Going Cold Hershey Every year, the novelist, short story writer and sugar addict Rick Moody bans the sweet stuff. […] Literature Literature Nights of Plague For issue 31, Nobel Prize winning Turkish author Orhan Pamuk shares an opening chapter from his latest epic, Nights of Plague Food & Drink Food & Drink The Last Bastion The proprietor of the legendary eponymous Soho haunt – Andrew Edmunds – looks back at over 35 years of business Issue 31 Issue 31 Leave Room for Pudding Practicing ecology with Cooking Sections Issue 31 Issue 31 Ali Mali comes to Texas in Vieux Farka Touré and Khruangbin’s new collaboration Issue 31 Issue 31 George Saunders: Still Evolving The contemporary master of the short story discusses his latest work, Liberation Day, a subversive collection that often uses an uncanny, dystopian version of tomorrow to question the power, ethics and justice of today Show me more Submissions About Contact Sign up to receive our fortnightly Newsletter, direct to your inbox every other Thursday. Catch us on Instagram Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Get Port delivered Subscribe to Port Magazine annually and receive each issue to your door. Subscribe to port Get PORT in print Close