Site Kit by Google Skip to content Site Kit Home Documentation News Integrations Install Site Kit Site Kit Home Documentation News Integrations Install Site Kit Site Kit Google's official WordPress plugin Get insights about how people find and use your site, how to improve, and monetize your content, directly in your WordPress dashboard Install Site Kit Why use Site Kit for WordPress? Site Kit makes it easy to set up and configure key Google products, giving you authoritative and up-to-date advice on how to succeed on the web What’s included: Easily set up Google tools on your site and see everything in a single Dashboard inside WordPress. No code editing required. Search Console Measures your site's Google Search traffic and performance Analytics Tells you how users find, use, and engage with your site PageSpeed Insights Analyzes your site and suggests ways to make it faster AdSense Helps you to earn money from your online content Site Kit is useful for you if you are... A site owner If you have a website and would like to see how users find and use your website, Site Kit is right for you. Site Kit helps you set up and use easy-to-understand metrics to help you grow your online presence. Learn more A developer or agency If you work on a WordPress website for a client, Site Kit is the one-stop solution to deploy, manage, and get insights from critical Google tools to make the site successful on the web. Learn more A plugin or a hosting provider If you work on a plugin, or hosting provider, Site Kit provides a scalable, easy way for your users to provision and access key Google tools and metrics. Learn more Easy setup and great benefits Set up in 3 easy steps Get to the stats in just a few clicks with the simple setup process. Set up additional modules as you go, to get rich insights from additional Google products. See snapshots of your success Get notified when your hard work on your site pays off. We'll let you know when you hit a milestone right in the dashboard. Get stats for your entire site, plus per-page insights Site Kit provides the full picture. You can access a single dashboard to see how your entire site is doing, and you can see how a specific page is doing, directly in the WordPress admin bar. Privacy Terms About Google Google Products Google serves cookies to analyse traffic to this site. Information about your use of our site is shared with Google for that purpose. See details. OK, got it