J.P. Morgan Vietnam | About us Skip to main content Solutions Who We Serve Insights About Us Menu Solutions Who We Serve Insights About Us Careers News Contact Us Login Global Asia Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Global Back to all regions Australia & New Zealand Bangladesh Mainland China | English 中文 Hong Kong SAR, China India Indonesia Japan | English 日本 Korea | English 한국 Malaysia Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan, China Thailand Vietnam Back to all regions Austria Belgium Channel Islands Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia | English Русский Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey | English Türkiye United Kingdom Back to all regions Argentina | English Español Brazil | English Português Chile | English Español Colombia | English Español Mexico | English Español Panama Peru | English Español Venezuela Back to all regions Bahrain Egypt Israel Lebanon Nigeria Qatar Saudi Arabia South Africa United Arab Emirates Back to all regions United States Canada | English French Commercial Banking Credit and Financing Institutional Investing Investment Banking Payments Private Bank Wealth Management Back to menu Commercial Banking Commercial Banking From startups to legacy brands, you're making your mark. We're here to help. Innovation Economy Fueling the success of early-stage startups, venture-backed and high-growth companies. Midsize Businesses Keep your company growing with custom banking solutions for middle market businesses and specialized industries. Large Corporations Innovative banking solutions tailored to corporations and specialized industries. Commercial Real Estate Capitalize on opportunities and prepare for challenges throughout the real estate cycle. Community Impact Banking When our communities succeed, we all succeed. Local businesses, organizations and community institutions need capital, expertise and connections to thrive. International Banking Power your business' global growth and operations at every stage. Key Links Industries Insights Client Stories Back to menu Credit and Financing Credit and Financing Prepare for future growth with customized loan services, succession planning and capital for business equipment. Asset Based Lending Enhance your liquidity and gain the flexibility to capitalize on growth opportunities. Equipment Financing Maximize working capital with flexible equipment and technology financing. Trade & Working Capital Experience our market-leading supply chain finance solutions that help buyers and suppliers meet their working capital, risk mitigation and cash flow objectives. Syndicated Financing Leverage customized loan syndication services from a dedicated resource. Commercial Real Estate Capitalize on opportunities and prepare for challenges throughout the real estate cycle. Employee Stock Ownership Plans Plan for your business’s future—and your employees’ futures too—with objective advice and financing. Key Links Insights Industries Client Stories Back to menu Institutional Investing Institutional Investing Serving the world's largest corporate clients and institutional investors, we support the entire investment cycle with market-leading research, analytics, execution and investor services. Institutional Investors We put our long-tenured investment teams on the line to earn the trust of institutional investors. Markets Direct access to market leading liquidity harnessed through world-class research, tools, data and analytics. Prime Services Helping hedge funds, asset managers and institutional investors meet the demands of a rapidly evolving market. Global Research Leveraging cutting-edge technology and innovative tools to bring clients industry-leading analysis and investment advice. Securities Services Helping institutional investors, traditional and alternative asset and fund managers, broker dealers and equity issuers meet the demands of changing markets. Key Links Fusion Financial Professionals Liquidity Investors Back to menu Investment Banking Investment Banking Providing investment banking solutions, including mergers and acquisitions, capital raising and risk management, for a broad range of corporations, institutions and governments. Center for Carbon Transition J.P. Morgan’s center of excellence that provides clients the data and firmwide expertise needed to navigate the challenges of transitioning to a low-carbon future. Corporate Finance Advisory Corporate Finance Advisory (“CFA”) is a global, multi-disciplinary solutions team specializing in structured M&A and capital markets. Learn more. Development Finance Institution Financing opportunities with anticipated development impact in emerging economies. Sustainable Solutions Offering ESG-related advisory and coordinating the firm's EMEA coverage of clients in emerging green economy sectors. Mergers and Acquisitions Bespoke M&A solutions on a global scale. Capital Markets Holistic coverage across capital markets. Key Links Capital Connect In Context Newsletter from J.P. Morgan Director Advisory Services Back to menu Payments Payments Accept Payments Access® Commerce Cross-Currency Solutions Digital Bill Payment Integrated Receivables Payment Gateway Remote Capture Resource Center Wallet™ Explore Blockchain Onyx Client Service Global Client Service Process Payments Commerce Payment Facilitation Manage Funds Access® Analytics and Insights Solutions Commercial Cards Chase Connect Escrow Services Liquidity and Account Solutions Trade and Working Capital Virtual Account Management Wallet™ Safeguard Information Trust and Safety Banking-as-a-service Concourse™ Liquidity and Account Solutions Wallet™ Send Payments Commerce Commercial Cards Concourse™ Cross-Currency Solutions Developer Portal FedNow Integrated Payables Real-time Payments Trade and Working Capital Virtual Cards Wallet™ Key Links Partner Network Newsletter Insights Back to menu Private Bank Private Bank A uniquely elevated private banking experience shaped around you. Banking We have extensive personal and business banking resources that are fine-tuned to your specific needs. Investing We deliver tailored investing guidance and access to unique investment opportunities from world-class specialists. Lending We take a strategic approach to lending, working with you to craft the fight financing solutions matched to your goals. Planning No matter where you are in your life, or how complex your needs might be, we’re ready to provide a tailored approach to helping your reach your goals. Back to menu Wealth Management Wealth Management Whether you want to invest on your own or work with an advisor to design a personalized investment strategy, we have opportunities for every investor. Invest on your own Unlimited $0 commission-free online stock, ETF and options trades with access to powerful tools to research, trade and manage your investments. Work with our advisors When you work with our advisors, you'll get a personalized financial strategy and investment portfolio built around your unique goals-backed by our industry-leading expertise. Expertise for substantial wealth Our Wealth Advisors & Wealth Partners leverage their experience and robust firm resources to deliver highly-personalized, comprehensive solutions across Banking, Lending, Investing, and Wealth Planning. Key Links Why Wealth Management? Retirement Calculators Market Commentary Who We Serve Back to menu Who We Serve Who We Serve INDUSTRIES WE SERVE Commercial Real Estate Consumer and Retail Diversified Industries Energy, Power & Renewables Financial Health Care Media, Telecom and Entertainment Metals & Mining Public Sector Technology Key Links Insights Client Stories All Insights Insights by Topic Insights by Type Back to menu All Insights All Insights Explore a variety of insights. Key Links 2024 Outlook Client Stories Global Research Back to menu Insights by Topic Insights by Topic Explore a variety of insights organized by different topics. Business Planning and Strategy Commercial Real Estate Community Development Cybersecurity and Fraud Protection Digital Innovation Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ESG Investment Banking Global Business Markets and Economy Payments Wealth Planning Trade and Supply Chain Key Links 2024 Outlook Client Stories Global Research Back to menu Insights by Type Insights by Type Explore a variety of insights organized by different types of content and media. Client Stories Podcasts Videos Key Links 2024 Outlook All Insights Global Research About Us Back to menu About Us About Us We aim to be the most respected financial services firm in the world, serving corporations and individuals in more than 100 countries. Contact Us Events and Conferences Impact News and Announcements Technology at Our Firm Key Links Insights Client Stories Newsletters J.P. Morgan in Vietnam Local expertise. Global resources. Our commitment to Vietnam. Local Disclosure Important notice Please be aware of scammers posing as J.P. Morgan offering imposter personal loans. Learn more. About us Operating in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, our franchise in Vietnam has expanded from treasury services to include corporate banking, foreign exchange and money markets. Our offices link to our global network, which facilitates the delivery of sector and product expertise to the government’s economic reform initiatives. We have operated in the Asia Pacific region for over 150 years, and today are present across 17 markets in the region. Clients rely on our global strength, local expertise and leadership across our lines of business. In Asia Pacific, we are committed to helping promote economic growth and economic inclusion through our key philanthropic initiatives in the areas of workforce readiness, small business development and financial capability. Our investments aim to increase the number of quality jobs created for the underserved individuals and communities, helping small businesses become more sustainable, as well as assisting marginalized people in gaining access to affordable financial products so that they can become more financially secure. This shared commitment to the community drives our Foundation’s giving and employee engagement and volunteering activities across the region. J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, offering solutions to the world's most important corporations, governments and institutions in more than 100 countries. As announced in 2020, JPMorgan Chase will deploy $2 billion in philanthropic capital around the world by 2025. We also lead volunteer service activities for employees in local communities by utilizing our many resources, including those that stem from access to capital, economies of scale, global reach and expertise. What problem can we solve together? What problem can we solve together? Payments Let J.P. Morgan empower your business to thrive by unlocking value from innovative, end-to-end solutions and integrated platforms. Learn more Prime Services Helping hedge funds, asset managers and institutional investors meet the demands of a rapidly evolving market. Learn more Securities Services Helping institutional investors, traditional and alternative asset and fund managers, broker dealers and equity issuers meet the demands of changing markets. Learn more Local Disclosure Privacy Notice / Thông báo về Quyền riêng tư Important notice January 2022 J.P. Morgan is aware of imposters posing as J.P. Morgan, or other financial institutions, offering personal loans. This is not a J.P. Morgan issued product. J.P. Morgan does not operate any retail business in Vietnam, and the firm has not authorized any companies or individuals to make references to J.P. Morgan, or JPMorgan Chase, in any way. Please remain alert and do not respond or take any action in relation to this scam. If you think you or someone you know has been scammed, please report the matter to police. Contact us For information regarding J.P. Morgan, please contact our Hanoi office at +84 24 62717122 or our Ho Chi Minh City office at +84 28 3823 6270. For general inquiries and global media contact information, please visit our Global Contacts. You're now leaving J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan’s website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don’t apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. J.P. Morgan isn’t responsible for (and doesn’t provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the J.P. Morgan name. Cancel Proceed SOLUTIONS Asset Management Commercial Banking Credit and Financing Investment Banking Markets Payments Prime Services Private Banking Securities Services Wealth Management CAREERS Experienced Professionals Students HELPFUL LINKS About Us Apps Events and Conferences Impact Industries Insights Investor Relations Media Center News and Announcements Newsletters JPMORGAN CHASE SITES Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. Payments Partner Network CONNECT WITH US Alumni Network Client Login Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Accessibility Cookies Policy Regulatory Disclosures © JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.