PC Gamer Skip to main content Open menu Close menu PC Gamer PC Gamer THE GLOBAL AUTHORITY ON PC GAMES Search Search PC Gamer Subscribe UK EditionUKUSCanadaAustralia PC Gamer Magazine SubscriptionWhy subscribe?Mother's Day Special: Get a £10 VEX gift card when you subscribe!Subscribe to the world's #1 PC gaming magTry a single issue or save on a subscriptionIssues delivered straight to your door or deviceFrom£35.99View Deal Games Hardware Software Movies & TV Gaming Industry News Reviews More Best of PC Gaming Show Podcasts Magazine Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links Meet the team About PC Gamer Forum PopularHelldivers 2Dune: AwakeningEpic GamesLast EpochIntelPalworld I don't usually play survival games or MMOs, but almost everything about Dune: Awakening sounds way cooler than I expected Dune Good News Stream Baldur's Gate 3 is so meaty, our Xbox cousins will need to play the Digital Deluxe on 4 disks wrapped in 'little slips' and stuffed into a single-disk box Harvey Randall published 5 March 24 News "Suboptimal", says director of publishing. Today's Wordle answer for Tuesday, March 5 Kerry Brunskill published 5 March 24 regular riddle Trouble solving today's Wordle? Here's the help you need. Group that claimed it stole data from Epic admits it didn't happen, Epic says the whole thing was 'a scam' Andy Chalk published 4 March 24 news The Mogilevich group says they aren't hackers at all, but 'professional fraudsters.' The outstanding Deus Ex: Human Revolution, a 94%-rated game with over 22K 'Very Positive' reviews, is now cheaper than a cup of coffee Robert Jones published 4 March 24 news It's the definitive, DLC-stuffed Director's Cut edition, too. The Joker joins Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League at the end of March Andy Chalk published 4 March 24 news Season one of Rocksteady's looter shooter will launch on March 28. 'A lot of us are old school MMO players': Dune: Awakening's creative director on how Star Wars Galaxies was a 'huge inspiration' for the new survival game Wes Fenlon published 4 March 24 News Part survival game, part MMO, Dune: Awakening is tapping into the bygone days of MMOs to let players carve their own paths. Baldur's Gate 3 is so meaty, our Xbox cousins will need to play the Digital Deluxe on 4 disks wrapped in 'little slips' and stuffed into a single-disk box Harvey Randall published 5 March 24 News "Suboptimal", says director of publishing. Today's Wordle answer for Tuesday, March 5 Kerry Brunskill published 5 March 24 regular riddle Trouble solving today's Wordle? Here's the help you need. Group that claimed it stole data from Epic admits it didn't happen, Epic says the whole thing was 'a scam' Andy Chalk published 4 March 24 news The Mogilevich group says they aren't hackers at all, but 'professional fraudsters.' The outstanding Deus Ex: Human Revolution, a 94%-rated game with over 22K 'Very Positive' reviews, is now cheaper than a cup of coffee Robert Jones published 4 March 24 news It's the definitive, DLC-stuffed Director's Cut edition, too. The Joker joins Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League at the end of March Andy Chalk published 4 March 24 news Season one of Rocksteady's looter shooter will launch on March 28. 'A lot of us are old school MMO players': Dune: Awakening's creative director on how Star Wars Galaxies was a 'huge inspiration' for the new survival game Wes Fenlon published 4 March 24 News Part survival game, part MMO, Dune: Awakening is tapping into the bygone days of MMOs to let players carve their own paths. More News I don't usually play survival games or MMOs, but almost everything about Dune: Awakening sounds way cooler than I expected Dune Good Dune: Awakening devs had to get permission from the Herberts to change a tiny piece of Dune lore so players wouldn't constantly nuke each other Awakening's creative director explains solving the prickly lore problem of what happens when a Dune laser hits a Dune shield. News The Thaumaturge review: A gorgeous, incisive look at a world long past Magical Switch emulator Yuzu is dead: abruptly settles lawsuit with Nintendo for $2.4 million in an enormous blow to console emulation News It's black, brown, and beige from here on out, as Noctua confirms it has ditched development on white fans and coolers Four years of hopes and dreams, all crushed in a single Tweet. news News Continued Nintendo 3DS emulator Citra taken offline as collateral damage in Yuzu lawsuit settlement News Why survival MMO Dune: Awakening won't have sandwalking: 'It looked ridiculous and it made you walk really slowly' news Temtem drops monetization as developer confirms that no new content is coming after the next update news Nintendo 3DS emulator Citra taken offline as collateral damage in Yuzu lawsuit settlement Why survival MMO Dune: Awakening won't have sandwalking: 'It looked ridiculous and it made you walk really slowly' Temtem drops monetization as developer confirms that no new content is coming after the next update Steam's latest big sale has Blasphemous at 75% off, which is enough to make me take the Lord's name in metroidvania Tribes 3: Rivals hits early access next week promising 'rebirth' for the exquisite fusion of skiing fast with a flag and explosive frisbees 'Not to interrupt, but they just laid us all off': Unionised YouTube workers in Texas are told in the middle of a live City Council meeting that they don't have jobs anymore Get back in the war: Helldivers 2 daily orders have returned, and earlier than announced You can claim land for your base on Arrakis in survival MMO Dune: Awakening, but you'll have to pay the Emperor for it Sponge made from a cheesy waste product can help recover the gold from your dumped circuit boards You're waking up to bad Galactic War news in Helldivers 2 because the bugs and bots don't sleep, says developer Arrowhead's CEO: 'It's a push and pull' Stardew Valley 1.6 'adds so much stuff to all the different aspects of the game', teases creator Ex-Bungie composer Marty O'Donnell is running for Congress with 'Marty's army' and says he's voting Trump AMD's Chief Technical Officer: 'We're enabling our gaming devices to upscale using AI' Latest Videos & Trailers Wild Bastards is a Cool Game Cool Game Alert spotlights the most interesting PC games around, celebrating weird, quirky and underappreciated gems that we think you should play. Here's the follow-up to Void Bastards, a space-Western that combines FPS combat and turn-based strategy. Star Wars: Dark Forces Remaster | Official launch trailer Star Wars: Dark Forces is a full remaster of the 1995 LucasArts FPS from Nightdive Studios, featuring improved controls and upgraded graphics. What even is a game genre? | Chat Log On this week's Chat Log, Mollie and Lauren talk with Harvey Randall about one of the most divisive topics: categorizing games. Sure, things are easy when we're just talking RPGs—unless it's ARPGs versus action RPGs. Don't even get us started on cRPGs. What about the Metroidvanias and the Roguelikes—and are Soulslikes a real genre too? Raw Metal is a Cool Game Cool Game Alert spotlights the most interesting PC games around, celebrating weird, quirky and underappreciated gems that we think you should play. Here's Raw Metal, a game that mixed in a little bit of Metal Gear with a lot of OSHA violations. Elden Ring: Shadow Of The Erdtree | Official Gameplay Trailer Here's the brand new trailer for Elden Ring's long awaited expansion, Shadow of the Erdtree, which will release on June 21. HASTE: Broken Worlds is a Cool Game Sprint through procedural, crumbling fantasy worlds, outrunning the apocalypse behind you. Cool Game Alert spotlights the most interesting PC games around, celebrating weird, quirky and underappreciated gems that we think you should play. Committing 16 MONTHS For An EVE Online Scam... | Tales From The Hard Drive | PC Gamer A tale of friendship, betrayal and an extraordinary EVE Online Scam... Have you ever thought someone was a friend, only to find out they've been lying to you the whole time? EVE Online is well known for the scams carried out by players in-game, but one unfortunate EVE Online user 'Tikktokk' fell victim to a much more personal scam. He faced not only the loss of a friendship, but the loss of his prized 120B ISK Chremoas that had over 400 kill marks Peripeteia is a Cool Game Peripeteia is indie gaming at its most raw—wild ambition on a shoestring budget. Cool Game Alert spotlights the most interesting PC games around, celebrating weird, quirky and underappreciated gems that we think you should play. The Blood Plague That Ravaged World of Warcraft | Tales From The Hard Drive In 2005, unlike today, thoughts of Pandemics were far from most people's minds. But at this time World of Warcraft was almost brought to it's knees as the contaminated Blood Plague pandemic swept through server after server. The plague spread with alarming speed across all corners of the World... of Warcraft, eventually infecting over 4 million players. What was most intriguing were the actions of individuals in the game as the plague spread. There were those who turned martyr, risking their own health to save others while there were some who deliberately tried to spread the infection far and wide. Grid List Latest Updates The PC game releases we're most excited about in March By Tyler Wilde published 1 March 24 📆 Plus events, updates, and other PC gaming happenings to look out for this month. 📆 The best Helldivers 2 loadouts By Sean Martin last updated 4 March 24 Lock n load Deck out your diver with the very best armour, weapons, and Stratagems. Lock n load HP Omen Transcend 14 gaming laptop review By Dave James published 4 March 24 Cutie A supremely affordable, surprisingly gorgeous little gaming laptop with just a few teething troubles. Cutie The best Helldivers 2 weapons By Sean Martin last updated 4 March 24 Get sum Grab the greatest guns for blasting bugs and bots. Get sum Helldivers 2 players are arguing over playing casually or sticking to the 'meta,' and they're both right By Morgan Park published 2 March 24 TOO META? There is no one way to enjoy Helldivers 2. TOO META? Penny's Big Breakaway review By Dominic Tarason published 1 March 24 CLASS ACT Penny’s Big Breakaway is a flashy platformer debut that shines brightest for the encore. CLASS ACT The Sims 4's new Crystal Creations DLC basically gave me craftable cheat codes for boosting my mood, love life, and defying death By Lauren Morton published 1 March 24 Gem Goddess Is this what we mean by toxic positivity? Gem Goddess Tamarak Trail review: A clever but flawed and far too repetitive dice-based deckbuilder By Abbie Stone published 1 March 24 ROLL AGAIN Collecting dice instead of cards is a fun twist on the genre, but it's undermined by a limp campaign. ROLL AGAIN The next adventure from the developer of Ori and the Blind Forest is a gripping soulslike action-RPG with a survival game twist By Robin Valentine published 1 March 24 REST ASSURED After 90 minutes with No Rest for the Wicked, I'm already in love with its enthralling visuals and deeply satisfying combat. REST ASSURED HARDWARE BUYING GUIDESLATEST GAME REVIEWS1Best ultrawide monitor for gaming in 2024: the expansive panels I recommend for PC gamers2The best wireless gaming keyboard in 20243Best gaming laptops in 2024: I've had my pick of portable powerhouses and these are the best4Best gaming chairs in 2024: the seats I'd suggest for any gamer5Best graphics cards in 2024: the GPUs I recommend for every budget1The Thaumaturge review2HP Omen Transcend 14 review3Penny's Big Breakaway review4Tamarak Trail review5Logitech G Astro A50 X Lightspeed Review Meet the team Chris LivingstonSenior Editor, foremost NPC scholarDave JamesHardware Lead, fake tech wiz since 2005Lauren MortonAssociate Editor, awaiting Dragon Age 4Tyler WildeExecutive Editor, stuck in DiamondMorgan ParkStaff Writer, shooter guyJody MacgregorWeekend Editor, played every WH40K gameAndy ChalkNews Lead, still owns a TRS-80Fraser BrownOnline Editor, grand strategy evangelistRobin ValentineSenior Editor, toy soldier enthusiastWes FenlonSenior Editor, scanline obsesseeJacob RidleySenior Hardware Editor, #1 gamer on teamPhil SavageEditor-in-Chief, Tub Geralt EnjoyerEvan LahtiGlobal Editor-in-Chief, FPS enjoyerTim ClarkBrand Director, flawless Destiny raiderMollie TaylorNews WriterShaun PrescottAustralian EditorRich StantonSenior EditorStevie WardCommunity Manager The best FPS games on PC By Morgan Park last updated 22 February 24 Updated All Genshin Impact codes from the 4.5 livestream By Sean Martin published 1 March 24 Streamogems Snag the latest livestream Primogems before they expire. Streamogems Logitech G Astro A50 X Lightspeed Wireless Gaming Headset Review By Kizito Katawonga published 1 March 24 Console peeps The latest generation of A50 is here to save you from ever dealing with a dongle or TV remote again. Console peeps Best cheap gaming laptop deals By Dave James last updated 1 March 24 Deals Our regularly updated list of all the best gaming laptop deals you'll find today. Deals I harnessed the power of deceit to conquer Hell in Solium Infernum, but I'm still not sure what I'm doing By Jody Macgregor published 29 February 24 Hellthrivers Flying by deceit of my pants. Hellthrivers What are XMP and EXPO profiles and how do I use them? By Jacob Ridley last updated 29 February 24 Ask PC Gamer XMP and EXPO profiles automatically set your system RAM to higher frequencies. Here's how to do it. Ask PC Gamer Best wireless gaming mouse in 2024: no tails on these rodents By Dave James last updated 29 February 24 Unbound Let go of the tethers and embrace the freedom of living life cable free. Unbound 2024 games: All the PC games scheduled for launch this year By Lauren Morton last updated 29 February 24 Upcoming 2024 is here, so take a look ahead at what's confirmed for the PC release schedule. Upcoming 19 essential Balatro tips to make you a master of the blinds By Robin Valentine published 29 February 24 HANDY Get to Ante 8 and beyond with these key strategies. HANDY Here are the March Trading Post rewards in World of Warcraft By Sarah James last updated 29 February 24 Trade off Pick up older and paid cosmetics for free. Trade off The impact of 16,000 games industry layoffs, in one chart By Ted Litchfield, Wes Fenlon published 7 February 24 Bad Year Best VR headset in 2024 By Jacob Ridley last updated 29 February 24 Jack In Immerse yourself in stunning game worlds with the best VR headset. Jack In PC Gamer magazine's new issue is on sale now: Parcel Corps By Robert Jones published 29 February 24 Magazine Plus: Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, Avowed, Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League, The Inquisitor, PC's best pacifist war games, top new gaming CPUs tested, and much more! Magazine Intel plots 1nm silicon for 2027 but are the wheels coming off its existing roadmap? By Jeremy Laird published 28 February 24 1nm already? Forget about those five nodes in four years, here comes Intel 14A and 10A. 1nm already? 5 things you always think are going to be amazing in games but never are By Robin Valentine published 28 February 24 DISAPPOINTED! From evil choices to infinite galaxies, there are some ideas that seem doomed to disappoint, no matter how cool they sound. DISAPPOINTED! Best M.2 SSDs for gaming in 2024 By Jeremy Laird last updated 28 February 24 High speed Our choices for the best NVMe SSDs give you blisteringly fast load times. High speed Creative Assembly's Total War: Warhammer 3 Shadows of Change mea culpa is a generous update that's almost completely misdirected By Nic Reuben published 28 February 24 Toys R Us Lots of sizzle, but lacking in meat. Toys R Us Best graphics cards in 2024: the GPUs I recommend for every budget By Jacob Ridley last updated 28 February 24 Pixel Pushers Our picks of the most powerful gaming GPUs and the ones that provide the best bang for your buck. Pixel Pushers Best cheap gaming PC deals today By Dave James last updated 28 February 24 deal Our simple advice: don't pay full price for a gaming PC. deal The best survival games on PC By Christopher Livingston published 28 February 24 staying alive The best games for surviving against the odds. staying alive PC Gamer NewsletterSign up to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors.,The biggest gaming news, features and reviews of the week, direct to your inbox!,The biggest gaming news, features and reviews of the week, direct to your inbox!Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Grid List Coupons Herman Miller Promo Codes for March 2024 Posted Office Essentials Sale: Save 20% on performance seating that fuels your focus, inspiration, and creativity iBUYPOWER Coupon Codes for March 2024 Posted Save with these iBUYPOWER coupon codes on high performing custom gaming PCs and more. Corsair Discount Codes for March 2024 Posted Save with these Corsair discount codes on RAM, storage drives, gaming peripherals, cases, and more. VIEW MORE Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:USAustralia PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us Accessibility Statement Careers © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.