ONC | Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology Skip to main content Official Website of The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) Topics Close Topics Spotlight Topics View All Topics Certification of Health IT Health Information Technology Advisory Committee (HITAC) Health Equity HTI-1 Final Rule Information Blocking Interoperability Patient Access to Health Records All Topics Clinical Quality and Safety Global Health IT Efforts Health IT and Health Information Exchange Basics Health IT in Health Care Settings Health IT Resources Laws, Regulation, and Policy ONC Funding Opportunities ONC HITECH Programs Privacy, Security, and HIPAA Scientific Initiatives Standards & Technology Usability and Provider Burden BlogNews Close News News and Updates Events New Funding Announcements News Releases DataAbout ONC Close About ONC About ONC Leadership Bios Health IT Strategic Planning ONC Budget and Performance Health IT Feedback Form Open Government @ ONC Careers at ONC Events Contact Us ONC Speaker Request Form Menu Search Close Search December 2023 NEW: View HTI-1 Final Rule Health Data, Technology, and Interoperability: Certification Program Updates, Algorithm Transparency, and Information Sharing (HTI-1) Final Rule Learn More January 2024 Draft USCDI v5 Now Available Learn More October 2023 HHS Proposals to Establish Disincentives for Health Care Providers Learn More November 2023 Common Agreement Updated to Version 1.1 Learn More Our vision is better health enabled by data News & Updates Feb 28Health IT News : Health AffairsA Regulation To Promote Responsible AI In Health CareThe Department of Health and Human Services through the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) recently published the “Health Data, Technology, and Interoperability,” (HTI-1) final rule, which includes first-of-its-kind federal requirements for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML)-based predictive software in health care. This rule impacts a wide range of technologies—referred to as predictive decision support interventions (predictive DSIs)—and directly applies to health information technology, including electronic health records (EHRs), which ONC certifies as having specific technical capabilities. Certified EHRs, which more than 96 percent of hospitals and 78 percent of office-based clinicians use nationwide, are the foundation of digital health care in the US. ONC’s vision is for better health enabled by data, and policies established in our recent history have supported an explosion of health data made available through EHRs. Today, we believe that AI and ML—increasingly powered by data from certified health IT and injected into day-to-day workflows within certified health IT—will have a growing impact on how health decisions are made—particularly those directly affecting patients’ lives. And while we are AI optimists, we also recognize the potential for negative impacts from AI. A primary goal of the HTI-1 final rule is to address these concerns by promoting the development and use of AI in health care that is fair, appropriate, valid, effective, and safe (FAVES). Feb 27Health IT News : Federal News NetworkHHS takes step toward goal for better health information sharingOne of the biggest obstacles to streamlining information sharing in the health field, is the data itself. For decades, various health information systems decades simply have not been compatible with one another. That makes things slower and less efficient for patients, health care practitioners, and the industry itself. Recently Health and Human Services (HHS) updated something known as TEFCA, the trusted exchange framework and common agreement. TEFCA is all about interoperability of health information. For the details, the Federal Drive with Tom Temin spoke with Dr. Micky Tripathi, the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology at HHS. Feb 22Blog Post Unveiling Inferno Testing Support for Payer Data Exchange API StandardsONC has hit a new milestone in advancing interoperability across the care continuum. A new series of voluntary tests to support standards-based application programming interfaces (APIs) leveraging Health Level Seven® (HL7®) implementation specifications developed via the Da Vinci project and the CARIN Alliance are now available in the ONC-developed Inferno testing tool. The tests are open source, with the source code freely available for use by the public on GitHub. Feb 22Health IT News : Health AffairsAccelerating The Exchange Of Health And Human Services Data To Improve Outcomes And Disrupt InequitiesAs we look to build back better from the pandemic, and as we drive greater connections between disparate systems—health care, public health, and social services— we have a unique opportunity to leverage the power of health information exchange to improve how we work together across systems, delivering better results for patients who have been historically marginalized. In this article, we discuss how California is seizing this opportunity by building on the federal Trusted Exchange Framework and Common Agreement (TEFCA) to facilitate the exchange of health and human services data through the state’s Health and Human Services Data Exchange Framework (DxF). Feb 16Health IT News : Healthcare IT NewsMost vendors now using APIs to expand EHR functionality, says ONCONC indicated in a HealthIT Buzz blog on Thursday that the study published in JAMIA last month not only showed high levels of adoption of the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources standard among the healthcare technology companies surveyed, but EHR companies implemented standards-based APIs and made them available to third-party users "well before" the December 31, 2022, deadline requiring that they use HL7's FHIR standard for certified APIs. In Focus Quick Links Health IT Feedback and Inquiry Portal Upcoming ONC Events ONC Health IT Certification Program Work at ONC Stay connected with ONC Subscribe to our Email Updates! Email: Thank You, Check your inbox for your welcome email! Resources News Topics Archived Content Links Privacy Policy Disclaimers Viewers & Players GobiernoUSA.gov HHS VulnerabilityDisclosure Policy Connect with us: Check ONC's LinkedIn Page Follow ONC on Twitter Check ONC's YouTube Channel U.S. Department of Health and Human Services The White House USAGov