Piwigo - Open source photo management software Toggle navigation Home Discover What is Piwigo? Features Who uses Piwigo? Changelogs Mobile applications Extensions Support Get Started Guides Forum Documentation About About us Get Involved News Latest news Newsletters Coding Activity Demo Get Piwigo Manage your photo library with Piwigo Piwigo is open source photo management software. Manage, organize and share your photo easily on the web. Designed for organisations, teams and individuals. Get Piwigo download orcloud hosting version 14.3.0 4 days ago Piwigo 14.3.0 4 days ago Latest activity 2 hours ago Thousands of organizations and millions of individuals love using Piwigo Discover our fabulous users Why choose Piwigo? High Volume Piwigo shines when it comes to classifying thousands or even hundreds of thousands of photos. Sustainable Born in 2002, Piwigo has been supporting its users for more than 21 years. Always evolving! Open Source Source code is available, editable, auditable and extendable thanks to plugins and themes. Discover Piwigo Powerful features for your photo gallery Albums Hierarchy Batch Management Themes & Plugins Permissions Control Explore more features Beautiful photo galleries created with Piwigo See more showcases They love Piwigo We've been using Piwigo since 2008 to share photos of our internal events (seminars, charity events, etc.). I immediately liked the ease of use, stability and access rights management. Piwigo is easy to set up, administer and update, and has a very pleasant interface. Raoul Portron, AU Group Companies France I have been using Piwigo for my wife's website for many years. It's been quite reliable for me, easy to use for her, and receives regular updates which are easy to apply. I love that it supports multiple languages, mass uploads via command line and uploads via web. Rob Nugen Photographers & individuals Japan Piwigo is easy to install and get to grips with. The plugins enable fine-tuning of the gallery with fairly advanced features, such as automatic classification of photos according to tags or user rights management. And of course, it's an open source solution... I'm so satisfied with Piwigo that I regularly suggest this solution to my customers to create their professional photo galleries or photo libraries! Sophie Lépissier SoFlash Production Photographers & individuals France Before Piwigo, we had a real issue of quality control, and we struggled finding and organising all our digital media. But we didn’t want something too complicated. Piwigo was easy to use and quick to implement. It took 3 months to get it right with the organisation : it was about process definition and communication. People did not have any problem adopting Piwigo, it is really easy to use. Tom Chippendale, Wessex Water Companies United Kingdom Read more testimonials Get started with Piwigo Ready to start managing your photos with Piwigo? Join our community! Get Piwigo Donate Newsletters Discover Demo What is Piwigo? Features Changelogs Users Extensions Themes Plugins Languages Support Forum Documentation Guides Get Started About About us Get Involved News What's new? Newsletters Languages Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Brasil Türkçe Русский 简体中文 Contact Piwigo.org ©2002 - 2024