MakerBot: The Only 3D Printing Ecosystem Dedicated to Education 3D printers Back 3D printers Upgrade your classroom with reliable 3D printers used across 10,000+ schools. Sketch series 3D printers Sketch series 3D printers Sketch Standard Sketch Large New Materials Education solutions Classroom Solution District Solution MakerCare service plans Advanced 3D printers Method series S series Software Back CloudPrint A simple, powerful way to prepare your model for 3D printing with MakerBot. Learn more Useful links Sign in FAQ Training Back Training Tailored certifications that will help you and your students become experts in 3D printing. Explore certification Get started with 600+ lesson plans Browse lesson plans Login to certification Resources Back Resources Free access to hundreds of 3D printing lesson plans to help teach a range of subjects. Browse all lesson plans on Thingiverse MakerBot Educator’s Guidebook Updated for 2023, this guide has become a 3D printing textbook for students and educators. Thingiverse Education Community Browse hundreds of 3D printing ideas that help engage students of any subject. All resources Get tips and tricks on how to use 3D printing to bring your curriculum to life. Support Back Support Visit our support site for setup videos, how-to guides, FAQs, and technical expertise from our support team. Support site Useful links Open a support case Register your device Software Request a quote Store Popular Search Sketch 3D printer Sketch Classroom MakerBot CloudPrint Request a quote Store A 3D printing in education summit Welcome to the 4th annual MakerBot education summit From classroom to career – 3D printing in education and beyond! Learn more The only 3D printing ecosystem dedicated to education. Explore our ecosystem The MakerBot education ecosystem We provide everything you need to scale classroom 3D printing to your needs. Reliable and easy-to-use 3D printers. The largest 3D printing community for educators. Free lesson plans and curriculum. And MakerBot Certification. 3D printers Community Resources Training Software 3D printers Community Resources Training Software Easy and reliable 3D printers Whatever the size and needs of your classroom, school, or district – there is a MakerBot 3D printing solution. Our 3D printers are powerful, safe, and easy for students of all ages. They are also simple for educators to manage. Browse MakerBot 3D printers World’s largest community for educators Our community means you never have to feel alone in bringing 3D printing to your classroom. It is full of educational 3D printing ideas to help you wow and inspire your students across any subject. Explore Thingiverse Lesson plans and curriculum Free downloadable lesson plans and proven curriculum are yours to bring 3D printing to life in your classroom. Plus, we share all the tips and tricks that other educators have found work wonders for their students. Download the guidebook MakerBot Certification™ Whether you're a student or a teacher, there's a MakerBot Certification for you. These premier training modules will take you from a novice with 3D printing technology to an expert in no time. With a certificate to prove it. Learn more Cloud-based software Software lies at the heart of the 3D printing workflow. That's why we have made ours incredibly fun and easy to use. Prepare parts for 3D printing, manage printers, and more – all from whichever device you have in your classroom. Use CloudPrint today Trusted by more than 10,000 schools around the world What are MakerBot customers saying? Discover how 3D printing with MakerBot is transforming classrooms around the world. “MakerBot gives us the perfect platform for students to learn the concepts of 3D printing.” Prof. Faridodin (Fredi) Lajvardi President and CEO of Si Se Puede Watch the case study “The importance of 3D printing in the classroom is that not only can we design something, we can do successive prototypes to come up with an end product.” Prof. Rahul Chopra Technological Education Teacher “Our students are really thinking about how 3D printing can play a role within their everyday lives and how they can use this technology in the real world.” Prof. Mary Bowden Richmond Hill Middle School Read the case study Get started with 600+ lesson plans Never run out of 3D printing ideas. Our tried-and-tested lesson plans are perfect for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM). But you will also find fun and engaging projects for even more subjects. Engineering Technology Electronics Math Archimedes Screw Bonanza 3D printers Sketch Large Material PLA Grade level Grade 9 - 12 Difficulty Medium In this lesson, students are tasked with moving different materials up an incline using an Archimedes screw. This project is intended for high school engineering or physics students, though can be scaled back to use in lower grades as well. Read the full lesson plan Nameplate Generator with OpenSCAD 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level Grade 4-6 Difficulty Easy In this project, students will learn and apply basic programming skills with the OpenSCAD language to style and customize a nametag. By modifying existing OpenSCAD code for a wavy nametag, students will explore parameters, dimensions, “for” loops, translations, and boolean operations. Read the full lesson plan Circuit Maze Project 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level Grade 9 - 12 Difficulty Hard In this activity, students will take on the role of an electrical engineer and explore the concept of open & closed circuits. They will use simple materials to design and build a Circuit Maze. Read the full lesson plan Bridge Building with 3D Design 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level 6th Difficulty Medium Students will design and build a scale model of a bridge using balsa wood, 3D printed connectors, and glue. Students will research various bridge designs and begin brainstorming their own design. Read the full lesson plan MakerBot + UltiMaker MakerBot has been the trusted leader in helping educators pioneer 3D printing in the classroom for over 10 years. Now, as a sub-brand of UltiMaker, MakerBot is taking its trusted 3D printing in education expertise worldwide. Already in over 10,000 schools, MakerBot offers comprehensive 3D printing solutions that support educators every step of the way. Worldwide. Learn more English Netherlands Deutsch Français Italiano Español 한국어 日本語 3D printers Sketch Standard Sketch Large Classroom Solution District Solution Advanced 3D printers Sketch materials Software CloudPrint Training Certification Resources Educator's Guidebook Thingiverse Education Community All resources Store Sketch Standard Sketch Large MakerBot About us Contact Us Support Find resellers Legal English Netherlands Deutsch Français Italiano Español 한국어 日本語 © 2011-2023 MakerBot Industries, LLC Terms of use Privacy and cookie statement MakerBot uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. Tracking cookies enhance your experience on our website and may also collect your personal data outside of MakerBot websites. If you agree with the use of tracking cookies, click “I agree, continue browsing”. You can withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not consent with the use of tracking cookies, click “Refuse”. You can find more information about cookies on our Privacy and Cookie Policy page.I agree, continue browsingRefuse