Audiobooks for Dyslexia & Learning Disabilities | Learning Ally Call us at 800-221-4792 Help Blog Join Browse Audiobooks DONATE LOG IN About Us Overview Our Team Innovation DEI Careers Latest News Join Solutions for School Early Literacy Excite Reading Schedule a Demo K-12 Audiobook Solution Efficacy Schedule Demo Funding Source Professional Learning Workshops and Programs Spotlight on Dyslexia Thought Leadership & Community Solutions for Home Overview Dyslexia Resources Community College Adults Join Get Involved Overview Ways to Give Corporate Partnerships Volunteer Opportunities Specialists and Tutors Give-Monthly LOG IN About Us Overview Our Team Innovation DEI Careers Latest News Join Solutions for School Early Literacy Excite Reading Schedule a Demo K-12 Audiobook Solution Efficacy Schedule Demo Funding Source Professional Learning Workshops and Programs Spotlight on Dyslexia Thought Leadership & Community Solutions for Home Overview Dyslexia Resources Community College Adults Join Get Involved Overview Ways to Give Corporate Partnerships Volunteer Opportunities Specialists and Tutors Give-Monthly Blog DONATE 800-221-4792 Help Connect With a solution specialist Today Transforming the Lives of Early and Struggling Learners By understanding how each child learns, we empower educators to implement proven solutions at scale so that students can read, learn and achieve in school and in life. Play Pause Quick Wins for Reading Improvement Our PreK-12 evidence-based solutions are informed by the science of reading, building educator knowledge and expertise to provide effective reading instruction and supporting students in language comprehension, helping them become confident, independent readers and learners. Excite Reading® Prek-2 Accelerates reading development through rich and engaging human-narrated stories, set above students’ decoding ability, building comprehension and fostering a joy of reading. Learn More Audiobook Solution 3rd-12th Grades Doubles the rate of reading growth by providing access to literature, text books and popular fiction, bridging the gap between decoding and comprehension and helping students keep up and participate in class and develop confidence. Learn More Professional Learning Our research-based solutions focused on Dyslexia Awareness and Brain Based Literacy, combine workshops, collaborative communities of practice and coaching, building educator knowledge and capacity to turn strategies into effective classroom instruction for stronger student outcomes. Learn More Solutions Rooted in the Science of Reading Composed of scientific research that has been conducted around the world and across several disciplines, the science of reading reveals the skills required to read proficiently and the best practices for teaching those skills effectively. Learn More State Grants and Funding Sources The Learning Ally Audiobook Solution is available to schools and districts nationwide. We’ve even partnered with some states to offer this innovative assistive technology to your school or district free of charge. Select a State Please Select a State Texas California Florida Illinois Massachusetts North Carolina Virginia Other Corporate Partnerships and Volunteer Opportunities We provide training programs for organizations, as well as volunteer opportunities to drive engagement. Learn More Dyslexia Test Embark on a journey of self-discovery with Learning Ally’s Dyslexia test, designed to reveal unique strengths and challenges in individuals of all ages. Our comprehensive assessment goes beyond conventional evaluations, delving into the intricate aspects of dyslexia to provide a personalized roadmap for success. Learn More Impact Our reach continues to grow as our proven solutions turn struggling readers into grade-level achievers. 2,300,000 Students 600,000 Educators 23,000 Schools Help more students shine in 2024! Become an Education Advocate and support student success all year long with budget friendly monthly donations. Give Monthly 20 Roszel Road, Princeton, NJ 08540 United States Questions? Contact us: customercare@learningally.org About Us Our Team Innovation Careers Latest News Join Solutions for Schools K-12 Early Literacy Professional Learning Schedule Demo Solutions for Home Resources Community Get Involved Ways to Give Volunteer Opportunities 20 Roszel Road, Princeton, NJ 08540 United States Questions? Contact us: customercare@learningally.org Copyright 2024 by Learning Ally Contact Us Privacy Solutions Privacy Policy Accessibility Terms of Service Sitemap