Florida Governor Ron DeSantis Home Governor DeSantis Meet Ron DeSantis Scheduling Requests Photos with Ron DeSantis Contact Governor DeSantis First Lady DeSantis Meet Casey DeSantis Scheduling Requests Photos with First Lady DeSantis Contact First Lady DeSantis Lt. Gov. Nuñez Meet Jeanette Nuñez Photos with Lt. Gov. Jeanette Nuñez Scheduling Requests Email the Lt. Governor Media News Releases Archive Media Inquiries Photos Long Range Program Plan Gubernatorial Appointments Request a Public Record Press Briefings Schedule Info Center Executive Orders Internships Open Government Notary Section Report Waste, Fraud and Abuse MyFlorida.com Flag Information Volunteer Florida Explore Adoption Legislation Judicial Contact Contact Governor DeSantis Governor’s OfficeContacts Español Governor Ron DeSantis Governor DeSantis Surges State Assets to Maintain Law and Order During Spring Break On March 5, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff MIAMI BEACH, Fla.—Today, Governor Ron DeSantis announced that Florida is surging law enforcement personnel and assets across the state to ensure law and order is maintained over spring break. The Florida Highway Patrol (FHP) and Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) will be deploying manpower and tactical assets to popular spring break destinations like Miami […] Lieutenant Governor Nuñez Joins Multi-Agency Strike Force Combatting the Effects of the Open Southern Border On March 4, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla.—Lieutenant Governor Jeanette Nuñez participated in a ride-along in support of Operation Safe Highways, a multi-agency strike force tasked with interdicting criminals on state roadways with an emphasis on illegal drugs and criminal aliens. Florida law enforcement agencies participating include Florida Highway Patrol (FHP), Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE), Florida National Guard, and Escambia, […] Governor Ron DeSantis Appoints Glen Gilzean as Orange County Supervisor of Elections On March 4, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla.—Today, Governor Ron DeSantis announces the appointment of Glen Gilzean as Supervisor of Elections in Orange County to fill the vacancy left by former supervisor Bill Cowles’ retirement in January. Gilzean has been a dedicated public servant to the State of Florida, most recently serving as Administrator of the Central Florida Tourism Oversight District […] Florida State Guard Graduates 205 from the February Initial Entry Training Class On March 2, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla.—Today, Governor Ron DeSantis announced that the Florida State Guard (FSG) graduated 205 soldiers from the February Initial Entry Training (IET). Over the past three weeks, volunteers completed the robust training program—earning the title of Florida State Guard Soldier. “The Florida State Guard serves an important role in emergency response for the state,” […] Governor Ron DeSantis Vetoes Two Bills On March 1, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Today, Governor Ron DeSantis vetoed the following bills: CS/HB 1 – Online Protections for Minors CS/HB 1377 – Public Records To view the transmittal letter, click here and here. ### Governor Ron DeSantis Signs One Bill On February 29, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Today, Governor Ron DeSantis signed the following bill: CS/HB 117 – Disclosure of Grand Jury Testimony To view the transmittal letter, click here. ### Governor Ron DeSantis Receives One Bill from the Florida Legislature On February 28, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Today, Governor Ron DeSantis received the following bill from the Florida Legislature. The Governor has until March 6, 2024, to act on this bill. CS/HB 117 – Disclosure of Grand Jury Testimony ### Governor DeSantis Signs Legislation to Authorize the Release of Jeffrey Epstein Grand Jury Documents On February 29, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff PALM BEACH, Fla. — Today, Governor Ron DeSantis signed HB 117, which allows for the public release of grand jury documents, such as those related to the 2006 Florida investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. Two victims of Epstein joined Governor DeSantis in Palm Beach to celebrate the justice that was being delivered. “The public deserves […] First Lady Casey DeSantis Awards Six Collier County Nonprofit Organizations Checks from the Hope Florida Fund On February 28, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff Photos courtesy of the Executive Office of the Governor NAPLES, Fla. — First Lady Casey DeSantis awarded six Collier County nonprofit organizations with $10,000 […] Governor DeSantis Speaks at Freedom Institute of Collier County On February 28, 2024, in News Releases, by Staff NAPLES, Fla. — Today, Governor Ron DeSantis visited The Freedom Institute of Collier County where he highlighted Florida’s success in education and position as the number one state in the country for school choice. Then, Governor DeSantis participated in a Q&A with the institute’s co-founder, Tom Grady, to discuss the multitude of opportunities afforded to Florida’s […] « Previous Entries Contact Governor DeSantis Executive Office of Governor Ron DeSantis 400 S Monroe St Tallahassee, FL 32399 (850) 488-7146 Email Governor DeSantis Email First Lady DeSantis Email Lt. Governor Nuñez Information Center Scheduling Requests Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Copyright © 2012 State of Florida | Privacy Policy Go To Top » Home Governor DeSantis First Lady Lt. Governor Media Center Info Center Judicial Contact Governor Español