Switzerland - News and perspectives - SWI swissinfo.ch Jump to home page Jump to navigation Jump to content Skip to search Swiss perspectives in 10 languages Login Search Close Menu Close Search Search Home Focus Opinions Debates Swiss Films / Podcasts / Videos Swiss Abroad Newsletters Switzerland: How To Events and Partnerships About us Search en English de Deutsch fr Français it Italiano es Español pt Português ja 日本語 ar العربية zh 中文 ru Русский More Swiss detectives follow trail of cocaine seized at Nespresso factory This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 Investigations into a haul of cocaine seized at a Nespresso plant in Switzerland in 2022 have drawn a blank in Fribourg. But some progress is being made in Basel. Read more: Swiss detectives follow trail of cocaine seized at Nespresso factory Latest news Next Previous This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:51 Houthi missile damages MSC container ship in Gulf of Aden Read more: Houthi missile damages MSC container ship in Gulf of Aden This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 17:07 Swiss minister seeks EU collaboration on migration and crime Read more: Swiss minister seeks EU collaboration on migration and crime This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 14:38 Geneva study: binge drinking raises heart attack risk significantly Read more: Geneva study: binge drinking raises heart attack risk significantly This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 14:14 Basel City lab finds numerous failings in chemical sector inspection Read more: Basel City lab finds numerous failings in chemical sector inspection This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 13:41 Swiss inflation hits lowest point since October 2021 Read more: Swiss inflation hits lowest point since October 2021 This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 13:16 Novartis unveils positive study data on Zolgensma gene therapy Read more: Novartis unveils positive study data on Zolgensma gene therapy This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 11:39 Switzerland leads in GenAI growth potential, PwC analysis finds Read more: Switzerland leads in GenAI growth potential, PwC analysis finds This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 11:22 SWISS grounds three A320 aircraft over persistent engine issues Read more: SWISS grounds three A320 aircraft over persistent engine issues This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 – 10:34 Swiss National Bank reports CHF3.2 billion deficit for 2023 Read more: Swiss National Bank reports CHF3.2 billion deficit for 2023 This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 – 17:12 Zurich voters approve extension of runways at airport Read more: Zurich voters approve extension of runways at airport This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 – 16:41 Geneva to lower signature-collection threshold for public votes Read more: Geneva to lower signature-collection threshold for public votes This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 – 12:46 Teenager arrested in Zurich after stabbing of Orthodox Jewish man Read more: Teenager arrested in Zurich after stabbing of Orthodox Jewish man This content was published on Mar 2, 2024 – 13:30 Swiss Farmers’ Union president warns against over-aggressive protests Read more: Swiss Farmers’ Union president warns against over-aggressive protests This content was published on Mar 2, 2024 – 12:32 Swiss government clamps down on alien plants Read more: Swiss government clamps down on alien plants This content was published on Mar 2, 2024 – 12:06 Swiss couples with children: men do twice as much paid work as women Read more: Swiss couples with children: men do twice as much paid work as women This content was published on Mar 2, 2024 – 10:44 Gunvor lands hefty fine in Ecuador bribery case Read more: Gunvor lands hefty fine in Ecuador bribery case This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 – 17:59 Government plans to invest CHF1 billion in Swiss culture Read more: Government plans to invest CHF1 billion in Swiss culture This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 – 17:24 Switzerland implements new sanctions against Russia Read more: Switzerland implements new sanctions against Russia This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 – 15:22 Report: Swiss competition watchdog seeks probe into dominant position of UBS Read more: Report: Swiss competition watchdog seeks probe into dominant position of UBS This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 – 14:37 Switzerland ‘deeply concerned’ at civilian deaths in Gaza during aid delivery Read more: Switzerland ‘deeply concerned’ at civilian deaths in Gaza during aid delivery More Inside Geneva: what’s the future of UNRWA? This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 Israel has accused the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA) of being involved in the October 7th attacks. We spoke to UNRWA head to find out more. Read more: Inside Geneva: what’s the future of UNRWA? More Relief after anger: how the Swiss Abroad view the pension vote This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 What Swiss citizens abroad think about the result of pension vote and what they want to spend the extra money on. Read more: Relief after anger: how the Swiss Abroad view the pension vote More Switzerland Today This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 Pensions vote, jet engine trouble, inflation optimism, national bank loss and AI potential. Read more: Switzerland Today More Swiss decision to boost pensions was a ‘protest vote’ This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 Political scientist Urs Bieri analyses the results of the two important pension votes and their implications. Read more: Swiss decision to boost pensions was a ‘protest vote’ More Swiss Abroad gave strong support to ‘13th month’ pension rise This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 In Sunday’s two pension votes, Swiss citizens living abroad generally voted in a similar fashion to voters back home. Read more: Swiss Abroad gave strong support to ‘13th month’ pension rise More ‘Political earthquake’: papers react to Swiss pension vote This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 Foreign and domestic media are speaking of a “political earthquake” and “shock” following Swiss voters’ backing of a 13th monthly pension payment. Read more: ‘Political earthquake’: papers react to Swiss pension vote Our highlights Next Previous More Follow us on Threads We’re now live on Threads too. Tap this link to follow our new account and get updates on all our stories from Switzerland. Read more: Follow us on Threads External link More Follow us on Telegram You can now also read us on Telegram. Follow this link to subscribe to our channel! Read more: Follow us on Telegram External link More Follow us on WhatsApp Receive news from Switzerland and our latest stories directly in WhatsApp. Check out our new channel and make sure to hit ‘follow’. Read more: Follow us on WhatsApp External link More Download the SWIplus app and stay informed Do you want to stay informed abroad? Now our app SWIplus offers even more Switzerland: with news, stories and our briefing! Read more: Download the SWIplus app and stay informed More Swiss Film Selection SWI swissinfo.ch offers a selection of Swiss films in English chosen from the Swiss streaming platform Play Suisse. Read more: Swiss Film Selection More Newsletters Sign up for our free newsletters and get the top stories delivered to your inbox. Read more: Newsletters More Let’s talk “Let’s Talk” is SWI swissinfo.ch’s format to discuss relevant topics with high-profile experts and political figures. Read more: Let’s talk More Special reports Check out our long format stories on topics like the Swiss pharma industry, Switzerland’s struggles with dirty gold, and living in the Alps. Read more: Special reports More Switzerland: How To How do you dispose of rubbish in Switzerland? What are the visa requirements? It’s all here. Read more: Switzerland: How To More Join the conversation We’d love to hear what you think about what’s going on in the world. You can find all of our debate questions here. Read more: Join the conversation Israeli-Palestinian war Next Previous More Switzerland ‘deeply concerned’ at civilian deaths in Gaza during aid delivery This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 Switzerland says it is deeply concerned at the loss of lives in northern Gaza on Thursday when over 100 people were killed while waiting for an aid delivery. Read more: Switzerland ‘deeply concerned’ at civilian deaths in Gaza during aid delivery More Behind the allegations upending UNRWA’s aid efforts in Gaza This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 Israel claims that UNRWA colludes with Hamas and donors like Switzerland are withholding funding for the agency. A look at the allegations plaguing the humanitarian organisation. Read more: Behind the allegations upending UNRWA’s aid efforts in Gaza More Switzerland mulls five-year ban on Hamas as terror group This content was published on Feb 21, 2024 The government considers a Hamas ban essential to prevent using Switzerland as a safe haven. Read more: Switzerland mulls five-year ban on Hamas as terror group More Switzerland regrets failed UN vote for Gaza ceasefire This content was published on Feb 20, 2024 Switzerland regrets failure of UN Security Council to agree on ceasefire in Gaza. Read more: Switzerland regrets failed UN vote for Gaza ceasefire More Russia and Middle East subjects of human rights film festival This content was published on Feb 15, 2024 Russia and the Middle East conflict will feature in the Geneva film festival. Read more: Russia and Middle East subjects of human rights film festival More UNRWA chief vows not to ‘abandon ship’ at a critical moment This content was published on Feb 14, 2024 Despite calls for a resignation, UNRWA’s chief said he won’t “abandon ship”. Read more: UNRWA chief vows not to ‘abandon ship’ at a critical moment More Head of Palestinian relief agency deplores ‘short-sighted’ calls for closure This content was published on Feb 13, 2024 The Swiss head of the UN Palestinian refugee agency (UNRWA) said on Tuesday that calls to dismantle it were short-sighted. Read more: Head of Palestinian relief agency deplores ‘short-sighted’ calls for closure More Hamas tunnel replica installed in front of the UN in Geneva This content was published on Feb 6, 2024 A container replicating the conditions under which Israeli hostages are held by Hamas was open to visitors. Read more: Hamas tunnel replica installed in front of the UN in Geneva More Switzerland should continue UNRWA funding, says Swisspeace director This content was published on Feb 5, 2024 Swisspeace Director Laurent Goetschel has urged the Swiss authorities to keep funding the United Nations Palestinian refugee agency (UNRWA). Read more: Switzerland should continue UNRWA funding, says Swisspeace director More Western officials protest over Israel Gaza policy This content was published on Feb 5, 2024 Officials in the US and Europe have warned that their governments risk being complicit in “one of the worst human catastrophes of this century”. Read more: Western officials protest over Israel Gaza policy More Injured children from Gaza receive medical care in Switzerland This content was published on Feb 2, 2024 Four young victims of the Israeli-Palestinian war, aged between 14 months and 17 years, arrived in Geneva this week from Gaza for medical treatment. Read more: Injured children from Gaza receive medical care in Switzerland More United Nations’ top leaders alarmed by UNRWA funding freeze This content was published on Jan 31, 2024 The suspension of funding to UNRWA will have “catastrophic consequences” for the Gaza Strip, warned the heads of several UN organisations. Read more: United Nations’ top leaders alarmed by UNRWA funding freeze More UNRWA funding: how is Switzerland responding to latest allegations? This content was published on Jan 30, 2024 A funding crisis hits UNRWA as countries suspend funding, and allegations against its staff escalate. But Switzerland awaits a UN investigation. Read more: UNRWA funding: how is Switzerland responding to latest allegations? More Swiss aid payments for UNRWA are in doubt This content was published on Jan 28, 2024 Switzerland is awaiting the results of a probe before deciding on ‘what action to take’ about its funding of UNRWA. Read more: Swiss aid payments for UNRWA are in doubt More Inside Geneva: a look into South Africa’s genocide case against Israel This content was published on Jan 23, 2024 The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is considering charges of genocide against Israel. The case was brought by South Africa. Read more: Inside Geneva: a look into South Africa’s genocide case against Israel More Debate Hosted by: Samuel Jaberg Where to find the money to finance the 13th pension payment? There are a number of proposals for financing the 13th monthly pension payment, which was approved in Sunday’s vote. What do you think? Join the discussion Mar 4, 2024 2 Comments View the discussion Watch now Next Previous More ‘Yes’ to more state pension in Switzerland This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 Watch the reaction to Sunday’s vote on raising Swiss state pensions. Read more: ‘Yes’ to more state pension in Switzerland More Redefining what Swiss cheese can be This content was published on Feb 29, 2024 New Roots has managed to grow from a market stall to a 4,000m2 factory in a span of eight years. Read more: Redefining what Swiss cheese can be More How we work: sources This content was published on Feb 28, 2024 How does SWI swissinfo.ch track down and vet sources? Find out in the latest installment of our “how we work” series. Read more: How we work: sources More Swiss research uses VR to reduce pre-surgery anxiety This content was published on Feb 25, 2024 The use of virtual reality (VR) in medicine is becoming increasingly popular. For example, to reduce preoperative anxiety. Read more: Swiss research uses VR to reduce pre-surgery anxiety More A call for safer ski slopes in Switzerland This content was published on Feb 22, 2024 Ski accidents are more serious and more expensive to treat. Read more: A call for safer ski slopes in Switzerland More 5G in Switzerland – where does the rollout stand? This content was published on Feb 21, 2024 Where does Switzerland stand on its 5G rollout, and what are the risks that come with this new technology? Read more: 5G in Switzerland – where does the rollout stand? More Pensions votes: Higher pensions and retiring later This content was published on Feb 16, 2024 On March 3, the Swiss will decide in two separate votes whether to raise the retirement age to 66 and whether to boost their pensions. Read more: Pensions votes: Higher pensions and retiring later More This Day in History: when St Moritz staged the 1928 Winter Olympics This content was published on Feb 11, 2024 The Winter Olympics in St Moritz in eastern Switzerland got underway on February 11, 1928: the first true Winter Games. Read more: This Day in History: when St Moritz staged the 1928 Winter Olympics More Slovenia’s role in the global pharmaceutical supply chain This content was published on Feb 9, 2024 Novartis and Sandoz have been investing into the Balkan nation’s pharma sector, turning into a key partner for development and manufacturing of drugs. Read more: Slovenia’s role in the global pharmaceutical supply chain More This Day in History: when Swiss women got the vote This content was published on Feb 7, 2024 A look back at the long battle for universal suffrage in Switzerland. Women only gained the right to vote in federal elections on February 7, 1971. Read more: This Day in History: when Swiss women got the vote More How we work: quality This content was published on Feb 7, 2024 How do we ensure that our content is correct? Is there censorship at SWI swissinfo.ch? Editor-in-chief Mark Livingston answers your questions. Read more: How we work: quality More Visit to a Swiss gun fair This content was published on Jan 12, 2024 La population suisse est l’une des plus armées au monde et cet intérêt pour les armes ne faiblit pas. Visite de la Bourse aux armes de Lausanne. Read more: Visit to a Swiss gun fair More The Swiss government’s treasure chest This content was published on Dec 21, 2023 Since the mid-19th century, Swiss ministers have been receiving diplomatic gifts of all sorts from visiting dignitaries. SWI swissinfo.ch went to have a look at them. Read more: The Swiss government’s treasure chest More Sling bullets and swords unearthed at Switzerland’s unique Roman battle site This content was published on Dec 13, 2023 Over the past two years archaeology students have unearthed thousands of Roman military artefacts littering a rolling meadow in southeast Switzerland. Read more: Sling bullets and swords unearthed at Switzerland’s unique Roman battle site More One mother’s anguished search for the disappeared in Mexico (video) This content was published on Nov 23, 2023 As Swiss forensic experts help Mexican officials tackle enforced disappearances, SWI swissinfo.ch meets one mother searching for her two missing sons. Read more: One mother’s anguished search for the disappeared in Mexico (video) External Content Each day, SWI swissinfo.ch selects and presents content from our European public service media partners as part of a project of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). Reuters International Next Previous This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Google rolls out changes for users, apps developers as EU tech rules loom Read more: Google rolls out changes for users, apps developers as EU tech rules loom This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Russia says Western envoys at Navalny funeral meddling in Russia Read more: Russia says Western envoys at Navalny funeral meddling in Russia This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 UK firms report growth at 9-month high but price pressures mount, PMI survey shows Read more: UK firms report growth at 9-month high but price pressures mount, PMI survey shows This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Ukrainian sea drones damage Russian Black Sea fleet patrol ship near Crimea, Ukraine says Read more: Ukrainian sea drones damage Russian Black Sea fleet patrol ship near Crimea, Ukraine says This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 German minister says participant dialed into military call via non-secure line Read more: German minister says participant dialed into military call via non-secure line This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 UK set to add to heavy gilt sales in coming financial year- Reuters poll Read more: UK set to add to heavy gilt sales in coming financial year- Reuters poll This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 UK new car sales log best February in two decades, industry body says Read more: UK new car sales log best February in two decades, industry body says This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 UN team says rape, gang rape likely occurred during Hamas attack on Israel Read more: UN team says rape, gang rape likely occurred during Hamas attack on Israel This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 European shares fall over lacklustre Chinese stimulus, economic data in focus Read more: European shares fall over lacklustre Chinese stimulus, economic data in focus This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 Factbox-Nikki Haley’s lone battle against Trump for the Republican presidential nomination Read more: Factbox-Nikki Haley’s lone battle against Trump for the Republican presidential nomination This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 11:02 UK plan to deport asylum seekers to Rwanda suffers first parliamentary defeats Read more: UK plan to deport asylum seekers to Rwanda suffers first parliamentary defeats This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 11:02 Area around Tesla’s German plant without power after pylon fire Read more: Area around Tesla’s German plant without power after pylon fire This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 11:01 EU aims to shift European arms industry to ‘war economy mode’ Read more: EU aims to shift European arms industry to ‘war economy mode’ This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 11:01 Swiss weapons exports plunge as neutral stance hurts trade Read more: Swiss weapons exports plunge as neutral stance hurts trade This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:02 Spring Budget may awaken sterling from hibernation Read more: Spring Budget may awaken sterling from hibernation This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:02 EU provisionally agrees on law to cut packaging waste Read more: EU provisionally agrees on law to cut packaging waste This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:01 Russia threatens to expel German journalists – RIA Read more: Russia threatens to expel German journalists – RIA This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:01 As Gaza’s hunger crisis worsens, emaciated children seen at hospitals Read more: As Gaza’s hunger crisis worsens, emaciated children seen at hospitals This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 09:01 Analysis-Chinese developers resume UK commercial property retreat Read more: Analysis-Chinese developers resume UK commercial property retreat This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 07:01 Russia communist wing asks for probe into West’s possible involvement in Stalin’s death Read more: Russia communist wing asks for probe into West’s possible involvement in Stalin’s death Bloomberg Business Next Previous This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Julius Baer Suffered Tech Crash That Left Bank Offline Read more: Julius Baer Suffered Tech Crash That Left Bank Offline This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Stock Rally Stalls at Start of Data-Packed Week: Markets Wrap Read more: Stock Rally Stalls at Start of Data-Packed Week: Markets Wrap This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Trafigura’s Head of Oil Among Group Backing Bolton Wanderers Read more: Trafigura’s Head of Oil Among Group Backing Bolton Wanderers This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Chocolatier Barry Callebaut Sees Cocoa Shortages Persisting Read more: Chocolatier Barry Callebaut Sees Cocoa Shortages Persisting This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Stocks End Month at New Highs After Inflation Data: Markets Wrap Read more: Stocks End Month at New Highs After Inflation Data: Markets Wrap This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Switzerland’s Finma Needs More Powers, Global Regulator FSB Says Read more: Switzerland’s Finma Needs More Powers, Global Regulator FSB Says This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 UBS Battles Wealthy Canadian Family Over Technology Firm Buyout Read more: UBS Battles Wealthy Canadian Family Over Technology Firm Buyout This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Macquarie Slashes Startup Valuation After Julius Baer Protest Read more: Macquarie Slashes Startup Valuation After Julius Baer Protest This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 What The Top Woman in Swiss Watches Has Planned For Audemars Piguet Read more: What The Top Woman in Swiss Watches Has Planned For Audemars Piguet This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Thomas Jordan’s Big Moments: Global Franc Shock to Credit Suisse Rescue Read more: Thomas Jordan’s Big Moments: Global Franc Shock to Credit Suisse Rescue This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Swiss Inflation Slows Less Than Expected Before SNB Meeting Read more: Swiss Inflation Slows Less Than Expected Before SNB Meeting This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Franc Depreciated in Nominal and Real Terms, SNB’s Schlegel Says Read more: Franc Depreciated in Nominal and Real Terms, SNB’s Schlegel Says This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Payment Apps Are on the Rise in Cash-Savvy Switzerland, SNB Says Read more: Payment Apps Are on the Rise in Cash-Savvy Switzerland, SNB Says This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Wave of Cash Seen Washing Into Credit as Investors Seek Duration Read more: Wave of Cash Seen Washing Into Credit as Investors Seek Duration This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Jack Ma-Backed Ant Outbids Citadel Securities for Credit Suisse’s China JV Read more: Jack Ma-Backed Ant Outbids Citadel Securities for Credit Suisse’s China JV This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 US, Philippines Pay Highest Economic Price for Climate-Fueled Weather Read more: US, Philippines Pay Highest Economic Price for Climate-Fueled Weather This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:02 Bayer Taps Ubben for Board and Changes Consumer Health Chief Read more: Bayer Taps Ubben for Board and Changes Consumer Health Chief This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 Swiss Solar Panel Maker Plans to Sell Shares in Turnaround Bid Read more: Swiss Solar Panel Maker Plans to Sell Shares in Turnaround Bid This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 Stocks Decline in Run-Up to Key Inflation Report: Markets Wrap Read more: Stocks Decline in Run-Up to Key Inflation Report: Markets Wrap This content was published on Mar 5, 2024 – 12:01 Roche Explores Selling Lung Disease Drug Amid Buyer Interest Read more: Roche Explores Selling Lung Disease Drug Amid Buyer Interest More Why the cost of chocolate will keep rising This content was published on Mar 4, 2024 Speculation, climate change and under-investment are combining to push up the price of chocolate. Read more: Why the cost of chocolate will keep rising More Five key takeaways from Switzerland’s pension votes This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 The Swiss voted on two important pension issues on March 3 – here are the key lessons learned. Read more: Five key takeaways from Switzerland’s pension votes More Swiss vote: ‘yes’ to higher pensions, ‘no’ to retiring later This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 The Swiss agreed on Sunday to boost state pensions but refused to raise the retirement age. Read more: Swiss vote: ‘yes’ to higher pensions, ‘no’ to retiring later More Pensions: how the Swiss voted on March 3 This content was published on Mar 3, 2024 The results of the two pension votes in Switzerland on March 3. Read more: Pensions: how the Swiss voted on March 3 More UN General Assembly president: ‘Over 75 years we’ve not had a Third World War’ This content was published on Mar 2, 2024 In Geneva to address the United Nations Human Rights Council, the president of the General Assembly, Dennis Francis, weighs in on the wars in Gaza and in Ukraine and shares what keeps him optimistic. Read more: UN General Assembly president: ‘Over 75 years we’ve not had a Third World War’ More Nations fail to back Swiss proposal to examine solar geoengineering tech This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 Governments have failed to agree on how the UN should study or regulate controversial solar radiation modification techniques. Read more: Nations fail to back Swiss proposal to examine solar geoengineering tech More Switzerland at Eurovision: the colourful hits and misses This content was published on Mar 1, 2024 In anticipation of victory this year, here’s a look at some of Switzerland’s highs and less highs at the kaleidoscopic Eurovision Song Contest. Read more: Switzerland at Eurovision: the colourful hits and misses More How I survived an avalanche in Switzerland This content was published on Feb 29, 2024 The advice – try to ‘swim’, create a breathing space with your hands – is not so easy to follow when you’re tumbling in a wave of freezing snow. Read more: How I survived an avalanche in Switzerland More Are Swiss universities victims of their success? This content was published on Feb 23, 2024 A look at the booming growth of Swiss universities and international student admissions. Read more: Are Swiss universities victims of their success? More The grass is greener in Peter Mettler’s Appenzell This content was published on Feb 22, 2024 The Swiss-Canadian filmmaker has received worldwide praise for an epic Swiss documentary project that has yet to be completed. Read more: The grass is greener in Peter Mettler’s Appenzell More Swiss carnivals – a riot of colour, noise and tradition This content was published on Feb 20, 2024 The Swiss have been letting their hair down this month to mark the colourful carnival season. Read more: Swiss carnivals – a riot of colour, noise and tradition More The end of the Geneva Motor Show may be near, warns auto expert This content was published on Feb 20, 2024 After three cancellations and a guest appearance in Qatar, the Geneva International Motor Show is back. But interest remains low. Read more: The end of the Geneva Motor Show may be near, warns auto expert More Edelweiss Village becomes a Swiss monument in Canada This content was published on Feb 16, 2024 The fate of six historic Swiss chalets in Canada was uncertain. Now the former home of the legendary mountain guides has been saved. Read more: Edelweiss Village becomes a Swiss monument in Canada In Focus Next Previous More Federal votes on March 3, 2024 Pension reform is once again at the heart of Swiss politics. On March 3, voters will decide on two people’s initiatives from opposing camps. Read more: Federal votes on March 3, 2024 More The key ingredients of the Swiss financial sector Switzerland’s fabled financial sector is made up of several crucial elements. Read more: The key ingredients of the Swiss financial sector More Sportswashing the World Cup from Geneva illustration: sport washing the world cup Read more: Sportswashing the World Cup from Geneva More The ethics of artificial intelligence The challenges are immense for Switzerland, which is one of the leading developers of artificial intelligence (AI). Read more: The ethics of artificial intelligence More Kosovo in Switzerland, Switzerland in Kosovo The two small mountain countries are linked by a dense network of relationships: political, economic, historical, but above all human. Read more: Kosovo in Switzerland, Switzerland in Kosovo More Swiss solutions for storing the energy of tomorrow The global challenge is not only to produce more energy from renewable sources, but also to store it efficiently and sustainably. Read more: Swiss solutions for storing the energy of tomorrow More Why melting glaciers affect us all Alpine glaciers could disappear by the end of the century. The consequences will be felt not only in the Swiss Alps but throughout Europe. Read more: Why melting glaciers affect us all More A global stress test for freedom of expression One of democracy’s fundamental pillars is under attack, and under scrutiny, across the world. Read more: A global stress test for freedom of expression More What was on the agenda for voters on June 18, 2023 Tax rules for multinationals, carbon neutrality, Covid prevention measures: it was a clear “yes” to all three issues on the ballot on June 18. Read more: What was on the agenda for voters on June 18, 2023 More Why people in Switzerland trust the state Stable country, stable money, stable lifestyles: in comparison, many things run smoothly in Switzerland. One factor is the high level of trust. Read more: Why people in Switzerland trust the state More The changing face of International Geneva International Geneva is an important hub for multilateralism. But it is facing some unprecedented challenges. Read more: The changing face of International Geneva More Why Switzerland needs workers from abroad Switzerland is an attractive place to work and the country needs specialists. But work permits can be hard to come by. Read more: Why Switzerland needs workers from abroad More Switzerland: the land of cooperatives The cooperative business model not only permeates the Swiss economy, but also forms the roots of its politics. Read more: Switzerland: the land of cooperatives More Voices of democracy in Mexico and Switzerland Switzerland is an old hand at direct democracy, while Mexico is forging a new path to give more power to its people. Read more: Voices of democracy in Mexico and Switzerland More Switzerland – where the robots of tomorrow are born The country is known for its watches, chocolate and pharma industry. But in recent years Switzerland has also become a leader in robotics research. Read more: Switzerland – where the robots of tomorrow are born Visit Play Suisse External link Swiss Film Selection SWI swissinfo.ch offers a selection of Swiss films chosen from the Swiss streaming platform Play Suisse to our international audience. View more details Previous Next More The Swiss Miracle: Love Read more: The Swiss Miracle: Love More Up in smoke: what happens to disposable e-cigarettes? Read more: Up in smoke: what happens to disposable e-cigarettes? More Günther Tschanun – the silent neighbour Read more: Günther Tschanun – the silent neighbour More 2nd Life – Off to Tokyo Read more: 2nd Life – Off to Tokyo More Up and Away – new projects Read more: Up and Away – new projects More Up and Away – homesickness and other hurdles Read more: Up and Away – homesickness and other hurdles More Up and Away – testing times Read more: Up and Away – testing times More Up and Away – 100 pieces of furniture Read more: Up and Away – 100 pieces of furniture More Up and Away – the pitfalls of everyday life Read more: Up and Away – the pitfalls of everyday life More Up and Away – surprises Read more: Up and Away – surprises More Up and Away – a new beginning Read more: Up and Away – a new beginning More The Swiss Miracle: Money Read more: The Swiss Miracle: Money More The Swiss Miracle: Humour Read more: The Swiss Miracle: Humour More The Swiss Miracle: Nature Read more: The Swiss Miracle: Nature More Inside the belly of a Swiss ice giant Read more: Inside the belly of a Swiss ice giant Follow us Stay informed daily about news in Switzerland with our Briefing in the SWI plus app for the Swiss abroad. Imprint Data Privacy Statement Terms of Use Rights to content and liability Jobs Play SWI About us SWI swissinfo.ch Annual Report 2023 Newsletters Contact SWI swissinfo.ch - a branch of Swiss Broadcasting Corporation SRG SSR RTS SRF RSI RTR Close External Content Your subscription could not be saved. Please try again. Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. Discover our weekly must-reads for free! Sign up to get our top stories straight into your mailbox. The SBC Privacy Policy provides additional information on how your data is processed. I consent to the use of my data for the SWI swissinfo.ch newsletter. Subscribe See all newsletters SWI swissinfo.ch - a branch of Swiss Broadcasting Corporation SRG SSR