Verywell Fit - Know More. Be Healthier. Menu Fitness Activewear Beginners Walking Running Strength Nutrition Weight Management Nutrition Facts Nutrition Basics Diets Meal Plans Meal Delivery Services View All What to Buy Fitness Gear Apparel & Accessories Footwear Tools Recipe Nutrition Calculator Weight Loss Calorie Goal BMI Calculator Body Fat Percentage Calculator Calories Burned by Activity Daily Calories Burned Pace Calculator About Us Editorial Process Meet Our Review Board Search Search Clear GO Fitness Activewear Beginners Walking Running Strength View All Nutrition Weight Management Nutrition Facts Nutrition Basics Diets Meal Plans Meal Delivery Services View All What to Buy Fitness Gear Apparel & Accessories Footwear View All Tools Recipe Nutrition Calculator Weight Loss Calorie Goal BMI Calculator Body Fat Percentage Calculator Calories Burned by Activity Daily Calories Burned Pace Calculator Why BMI May Not Be the Best Metric Best Online Aerobics Classes Is Lemon Water Good for You? Fitness and Nutrition News About Us Editorial Process Privacy Policy Contact Us Verywell Fit's content is for informational and educational purposes only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Ⓒ 2024 Dotdash Media, Inc. — All rights reserved Trusted nutrition and fitness information when you need it most. Know more, be healthier. 150 Million Readers Helped Each Year 250 Expert Writers 180+ Evidence-Based Topics Editor-Tested Walking Shoes for Women How to Prepare to Walk a Marathon What Wear Patterns Mean for Walking Shoes, According to Experts Trending The Best Silicone Rings for Exercise Gaining Weight After Working Out? Here’s Why Golf Stretches That Improve Your Swing Dietitian-Approved Multivitamins for Women Our Review Board Marisa Moore, MBA, RDN, LD Registered Dietitian Erin Pereira, PT, DPT Physical Therapist Vanessa Nzeh, MD Internal Medicine Physician Kristin McGee, CPT Yoga and Pilates Instructor Rachel Goldman, Ph.D, FTOS Licensed Psychologist John Honerkamp Running Coach Our team of board-certified physicians and healthcare professionals ensure our content is accurate, up-to-date, and inclusive. Meet The Team Tools and Resources Recipe Nutrition Calculator Daily Calorie Need Calculator Body Fat Percentage Calculator Calories Burned by Activity Daily Calories Burned Walking and Running Pace Calculator Learn the Science Behind Popular Diets and Trends Mediterranean Diet DASH Diet Vegan Diet Our Promise Our content empowers you wherever you are on your healthy living journey. Read about our process Written by nutrition and fitness experts and journalists Fact-checked with science-backed research Reviewed by physicians, registered dietitians, and fitness professionals Updated to reflect the latest information Explore the Best Products Fitness Equipment Apparel & Shoes Nutrition We Played Pickleball for 1,000 Hours To Find the 14 Best Paddles for Every Level Want To Walk More? These Editor-Tested Walking Pads Can Help Increase Your Step Count We Tested the 8 Best Rowing Machines for Every Home Gym We Found the Best Punching Bags After 16 Hours of Jabs and Hooks Need Support? We Found the Best Plus-Size Sports Bras for Comfort and Confidence Achy Arches? We Tested the Most Comfortable Walking Shoes for Overpronators We Found the 15 Best Slip-On Sneakers, After Sliding Into Dozens of Pairs Weak or Unstable Ankles? We Spent Months Testing the Best Ankle Support Shoes Get Missing Nutrients with These Dietitian-Approved Greens Powders In Need of a Healthy Energy Boost? Try These Dietitian-Approved Green Teas These RD-Approved Gummy Vitamins Taste Like Candy But Are Actually Good For You Taste-Tested & RD-Approved: The Best Electrolyte Drinks to Rehydrate and Refuel Recent Awards 2021 Best Healthcare Consumer Media Brand 2020 World Changing Ideas 2020 Trailblazer Award 2019 Best Consumer Health Website Expert Wellness Picks and Advice to Your Inbox Sign Up You're in! Thank you, {{form.email}}, for signing up. There was an error. Please try again. Fitness Nutrition Weight Loss Meet Our Review Board About Us Editorial Process Diversity Pledge Privacy Policy In the News Advertise Terms of Service Careers Contact Follow Us Verywell Fit's content is for informational and educational purposes only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Ⓒ 2024 Dotdash Media, Inc. — All rights reserved Verywell Fit is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.