Phandroid - Android News & Reviews - Phandroid Search Menu News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN Search Meta Hit with Outages Across Different Apps and Services Thousands of users worldwide have reported that they were kicked out of their Facebook and Instagram accounts, unable to to log back into ... By Mike Viray 30 seconds ago Apps Devices The Nothing Phone 2a is Finally Official Nothing has finally gone ahead and unveiled the Nothing Phone 2a, the latest addition to its line of Android smartphones. By Mike Viray3 hours ago Devices Xiaomi 15 could get a massive fingerprint sensor upgrade According to the latest rumors, Xiaomi could give the Xiaomi 15 an upgrade in the fingerprint sensor department, from optical to ultrasonic. By Tyler Lee7 hours ago News Nintendo Emulators Yuzu and Citra Shut Down Popular emulators Yuzu and Citra are to shut down with immediate effect as a result of the recent negotiations with Nintendo. By Specious Coda-Bishop10 hours ago Apps Google Maps will soon show you building entrances Google appears to be testing a new feature for Google Maps that will actually show users the entrances of buildings. By Tyler Lee10 hours ago Accessories TORRAS Ostand Power Bank adds a kickstand to your phone! If you want wireless charging and a kickstand for your smartphone, then the TORRAS Magnetic Portable Charger could be the perfect accessory! By Tyler LeeFebruary 23, 20240 Latest Deals Deals Get the Samsung Galaxy S24 for Up to $100 Off! Deals INSANE deal knocks 56% off the Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic! Deals Get up to 10% Off with this Deal on the Samsung Galaxy A25! Computers The ASUS NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 is on SALE – save yourself $110! Misc Smartphone VPNs: what are they useful for? The chances are you useyour smartphone for various purposes, such as sending private messages, payingbills, watching TV shows and movies, and browsing the ... By Phandroid Editors13 hours ago0 Deals Get the Samsung Galaxy S24 for Up to $100 Off! The base model Galaxy S24 is on offer right now, for as much as $100 off. By Mike Viray21 hours ago0 Games Nintendo and Yuzu Emulator Devs Reach Settlement Tropic Haze will pay $2.4 million in damages. By Mike Viray24 hours ago0 Devices Botslab Video Doorbell 2 Pro: An all-in-one solution for your home security needs There are many video doorbells in the market today. If you’re looking for one, then maybe you can consider the Botslab Video Doorbell ... By Tyler Lee1 day ago0 Devices The “Circle to Search” Feature Finally Arrives for Older Pixel Phones The handy search tool is included in the March 2024 feature drop. By Mike Viray1 day ago0 Load more newsNo more news About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Phandroid Media, LLC News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN ✕ About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN ✕ News Reviews Deals How To Opinion More About Us Tip Us Privacy Policy Content Partnerships Online Sweepstakes VPN This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT