Contractor School California | Contractors State License Center Testimonials GraduatesContractors InsuranceLive 6 week in class courseHelping Contractors Since 1974 Call For A Free Consultation: (800) 562-0008 mon-fri 9am-6pm pstContractors State License Center - Over 50 years Experience.Se Habla Espanol,Open Weekdays 9 AM-6 PM,Saturday By Appointment(800) 562-0008Exam Preparation for Contractor School in California1HomeWho Needs a LicenseAbout UsCoursesContact UsOnline Study ExamsWith over 50 years experience in the industry, we are the only contractor school in Los Angeles that offers free tutoring to our students.We now have live in-person classes that are safe with secure cubicles. We also offer Zoom classes for contractors license in Los Angeles.Upon completion of California contractors school, you will need to pass a test administered by the Contractors State License Board in order to get a job. This test is difficult and most people need help studying for the test in order to pass. CSLC proven program has been helping contractors in Los Angeles and throughout California for over 25 years. Over the years we have helped many contractors all over the county get their California Contractors License. Our research shows that contractors have a higher passing rate when studying in a class room. In order to help you pass this exam, we have implemented an effective and comprehensive California contractors school, specifically designed to help you pass the test the first time. We offer a detailed curriculum in a classroom setting that is designed for your success. Our program that has been created over 20 years has helped thousands of our students get their California contractors license. We offer Contractor Classes in the San Fernando Valley.Our classroom curriculum includes six different courses that cover Law and Trade. The class is flexible, so you only have to come once a week in a two hour block. After you have completed six weeks of classes, you will practice by taking practice exams. We realize that not everyone has the ability to come to class to study for the California contractor license exam, so we have also designed a contractors home study program. Our books, practice exams and study guides will help you adequately prepare for the test. However, we do recommend that you enroll in classes to take advantage of the classroom environment, and increase your chances of passing the test the first time you take your contractors license exam For more information about our classroom courses, home study materials, and practice exams, contact us at the Contractors State License Center today! CSLC now offers online contractors license programs to help you pass your California contractor license exam the first time. Our proven program guarantee you will pass the first time. We are The Premier Contractors School in San Fernando Valley!Contractor License 1Homewho needs a licenseabout uscoursescontact usCopyright 2012: Contractors State License Center | Contractor School California | All rights reserved. Surety BondLIVE CLASSESEducation