Looper | TV & Film News, Reviews, Interviews & Trailers × EXCLUSIVES MOVIES TV STREAMING COMICS REVIEWS NEWS FEATURES About Editorial Policies Reviews Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved EXCLUSIVES MOVIES TV STREAMING COMICS REVIEWS NEWS FEATURES Small Details You Missed In Dune Part 2 Dune Scenes That Were Left On The Cutting Room Floor Young Sheldon Confirms The Return Of A Big Bang Theory Universe Character More Stories Movies /Nathan P. Gibson Dune Scenes That Were Left On The Cutting Room Floor Denis Villeneuve's "Dune: Part One" runs for 155 minutes, and it was almost even longer than that. Here are some scenes that didn't make the final cut. Read More Television /Kieran Fisher Young Sheldon Confirms The Return Of A Big Bang Theory Universe Character The final season of "Young Sheldon" will see the return of a "Big Bang Theory" character fans of the two shows haven't seen since 2021. Read More News /Aahil Dayani Why Daniel Day-Lewis Still Won't Return To Acting According to one of Daniel Day-Lewis's most frequent collaborators, there's a reason the current filmmaking environment doesn't entice him to return. Read More Movies /Aahil Dayani The Real Reason Will Ferrell Didn't Return For Megamind 2 Will Ferrell starred in the original "Megamind," but didn't return for "Megamind vs. the Doom Syndicate." The film's creative team has shed some light on why. Read More News /Jaron Pak Marvel's New Movie Plan Is Ruthless - 'You Have To Kill Things' Says Disney CEO Bob Iger is not pulling any punches when it comes to Marvel and Disney's new releasing strategy. According to the CEO, certain projects just need to be axed. Read More Television /Mike Bedard This Netflix Series Has The Most Graphic Sex Scenes In The Streamer's History Netflix has never shied away from depicting sexual content on-screen, but the streamer's series "Supersex" might be its most explicit offering yet. Read More News /Aahil Dayani Wicked Tuna Captain Charlie Griffin Dead After Boating Accident "Wicked Tuna: Outer Banks" star Captain Charlie Griffin, who commanded the vessel Reels of Fortune, has died after a boating accident in early March. Read More News /Kieran Fisher Extreme Makeover's Ty Pennington Drops Update After Near-Death Experience Ty Pennington of "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" seems to have a new lease on life following his 2023 hospitalization and near-death experience. Read More Streaming /Mike Bedard Netflix Axed A New Series - Now Users Are Threatening To Cancel Their Subscriptions "The Brothers Sun," which debuted in January 2024 starring Oscar winner Michelle Yeoh, has joined the long list of Netflix shows that get promptly canceled. Read More News /Rick Stevenson The Dune 2 Scene You Didn't Realize Was Improvised Austin Butler revealed that this impactful moment in "Dune: Part Two" between Feyd-Rautha and Stellan Skarsgård's Baron Vladimir Harkonnen was improvised. Read More Movies /Nick Staniforth Why Dune's Grossest Character Will Never Get His Final Form On-Screen (Probably) Thankfully, the grossest character in the "Dune" universe, Paul and Chani's son Leto Atreides II, will (probably) never get his final form on-screen. Read More Television /Nick Staniforth Donnie Wahlberg Thought He Would Be Fired From Blue Bloods After Meeting Tom Selleck Donnie Wahlberg of "Blue Bloods" spoke about first meeting his on-screen dad, Tom Selleck, saying he doubted whether he could pass himself off as his son. Read More Movies /Liam McGuire Christopher Nolan Is 'Plagued' By The Dark Knight's Most Iconic Line For One Reason "The Dark Knight" director Christopher Nolan explains why one of the acclaimed film's many quotable lines still haunts him years after the movie's release. Read More Movies /Liam McGuire Spider-Man: No Way Home Concept Art Reveals An MCU Villain's Costume We Never Saw A major Spider-Man villain had a revamped costume ready to go for "No Way Home," but they were ultimately cut from the multiverse-exploring film. Read More Television /Shane O'Neill Who Is Rocker Steiner: A Yellowstone Season 3 Character Is More Important Than You Think "Yellowstone" featured an appearance by Rocker Steiner in Season 3. Here's why this rodeo star's appearance was so important for the series. Read More News /Liam McGuire Why Superhero Fatigue Is A Good Thing, According To The Batman's Paul Dano According to "The Batman" star Paul Dano, if superhero fatigue is indeed building up, it can actually be a boon for the film industry and cinema as a whole. Read More Movies /Samantha Bambino Actors Injured By Painful Costumes And Prosthetics Actors will go through a lot to bring their characters to life, including wearing makeup and prosthetic appliances that do real damage to their bodies. Read More Streaming /Rick Stevenson Mr. And Mrs. Smith Star Maya Erskine Has A Star Wars Role You Likely Don't Remember While she's recently been working in the spy genre as one half of "Mr. and Mrs. Smith," Maya Erskine's career has also taken her to a galaxy far, far away. Read More News /Shane O'Neill Johnny Depp May Return In Pirates Of The Caribbean 6 - With One Condition (Report) According to one Hollywood insider, Johnny Depp returning to Disney's iconic "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise could still be a possibility. Read More Movies /Shane O'Neill Is Norman Reedus Aunt May In Venom 3? A Wild Marvel Casting Report, Explained How did "The Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus end up on the supposed "Venom 3" cast list as Aunt May? There's a simple explanation behind this odd rumor. Read More Television /Rick Stevenson Nike's Caitlin Clark Commercial Has Basketball Fans On Twitter Saying The Same Thing Basketball fans are in awe following the release of Iowa Hawkeyes scoring sensation Caitlin Clark's Nike commercial. Here's what they had to say. Read More Streaming /Genci Papraniku Who Plays The Giant Spider In Netflix's Spaceman? The star of Adam Sandler and Netflix's "Spaceman" seems to be a giant spider. Fans will likely wants to know who voices the extraterrestrial creature. Read More Movies /Liam McGuire Marvel Rumor: Hugh Jackman Has A Big Condition To Return As Wolverine In Secret Wars Hugh Jackman laid out one condition for his possible return as Wolverine in "Avengers: Secret Wars" -- that he star alongside these two fan favorites. Read More News /Mike Bedard Who Is Shawn Zanotti? Wendy Williams' Publicist Defends Herself After Controversial Doc Shawn Zanotti's name has been trending on social media ever since a controversial docuseries about daytime legend Wendy Williams was released. Read More Television /Melissa Lemieux The Wendy Williams Show's Turmoil Was Worse Than Fans Think, According To DJ Boof Longtime "Wendy Williams Show" mainstay DJ Boof has opened up about how he and his colleagues were largely kept in the dark about the host's health issues. Read More News /Melissa Lemieux Dune 2 Cut A Huge Marvel Actor - Here's Who He Probably Played Tim Blake Nelson, who will play The Leader in "Captain America: Brave New World," says he was also set to play a role in "Dune: Part 2." Here's what we know. Read More Television /Pauli Poisuo Donnie Wahlberg's Instagram Posts Are Leaving Blue Bloods Fans In Tears Donnie Wahlberg's social media activity has hit fans right in the feels as "Blue Bloods" closes in on its emphatic finish line. Read More News /Mike Bedard NCIS Prequel Series Officially Casts Young Version Of Mark Harmon's Gibbs The "NCIS" franchise has finally found its young Leroy Jethro Gibbs as CBS gears up to launch a highly-anticipated prequel series about the iconic character. Read More Streaming /Matthew Jackson The Gentlemen Review: New Players, Same Game, No Risks For all its slickness and charm, Netflix's "The Gentlemen" series never quite justifies its existence as an expanded vision of Guy Ritchie's world. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / Looper.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.