home | p5.js Language Settings English Español 简体中文 한국어 हिन्दी Site Navigation Home Editor Download Donate Get Started Reference Libraries Learn Teach Examples Contribute Books Community Showcase Search p5js.org Hello! p5.js is a JavaScript library for creative coding, with a focus on making coding accessible and inclusive for artists, designers, educators, beginners, and anyone else! p5.js is free and open-source because we believe software, and the tools to learn it, should be accessible to everyone. Using the metaphor of a sketch, p5.js has a full set of drawing functionality. However, you’re not limited to your drawing canvas. You can think of your whole browser page as your sketch, including HTML5 objects for text, input, video, webcam, and sound. Start creating with the p5 Editor! Community We are a community of, and in solidarity with, people from every gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, language, neuro-type, size, disability, class, religion, culture, subculture, political opinion, age, skill level, occupation, and background. We acknowledge that not everyone has the time, financial means, or capacity to actively participate, but we recognize and encourage involvement of all kinds. We facilitate and foster access and empowerment. We are all learners. p5.js is an interpretation of Processing for today’s web. We hold events and operate with support from the Processing Foundation. Learn more about our community. Get Started Make your first sketch in the p5.js Editor. Learn more about sketching with p5.js on the Get Started page and everything you can do in the Reference. Get Involved There are many ways to contribute to p5.js: Involvement Options Teach a workshop or class. Organize a meet-up. Contribute to the codebase. Credits Forum GitHub Twitter Instagram Discord Home Editor Download Donate Get Started Reference Libraries Learn Teach Examples Contribute Books Community Showcase p5.js is currently led by Qianqian Ye and was created by Lauren Lee McCarthy. p5.js is developed by a community of collaborators, with support from the Processing Foundation and NYU ITP. Identity and graphic design by Jerel Johnson. © Info. * Processing Sister Sites Processing p5.js Processing.py Processing for Android Processing for Pi Processing Foundation Skip to main content