Pushpay - Online Church Giving & Church Management Software SEARCH SIGN IN PERSONAL SIGN IN Sign into your personal account to make a donation, view transactions, manage recurring gifts or update your profile & payment method. ADMINISTRATOR SIGN IN Admin sign in for our Giving, ChurchStaq and MAS customers 1-844-PUSHPAY PLANS FOR CHURCHES Product Suite ChurchStaq™ Grow generosity and engagement with one powerful suite of easy-to-use giving, church management, and reporting tools. Giving A powerful giving platform proven to increase generosity ChMS Church management software that grows with you Apps Custom apps designed to increase engagement Insights Actionable insights to keep a pulse on your church’s health Resi Media Ultra-reliable live video streaming to reach and grow your audience Explore Plans → Compare Integrations Product Tours Product Updates FOR PARISHES Product Suite ParishStaq™ Unified ecosystem to fulfill your mission. Giving A powerful giving platform proven to increase generosity ChMS Seamless management software that grows with you Apps Custom apps to engage your parishioners and leaders Insights Actionable insights to keep a pulse on your parish's health Resi Media Professional live streaming, multisite video, and content library solutions Explore Plans → Compare Integrations Product Tours Product Updates SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS Donor Management Grow generosity in your ministry with donor development and insights Communications Create tailored church communications to build community Worship Planning Plan and manage all aspects of your worship service Reporting and Insights Church metrics and insights to grow your ministry Volunteer Scheduling Encourage and increase participation in your ministry Event Management End-to-end event planning software for your ministry Content and Media Curate church media and communications for your community Integrations Plays well with others Testimonials Proven ministry impact Compare See how we stack up PRODUCT SUITES ChurchStaq™ Comprehensive church software built to grow community, generosity, and engagement. ParishStaq™ Fully integrated diocesan and parish software to increase stewardship and evangelization. Resi Ultra-reliable live video streaming to reach and grow your audience. Security Integrations Explore Pastor Resources SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS Donor Management Grow generosity in your ministry with donor development and insights Communications Create tailored church communications to build community Worship Planning Plan and manage all aspects of your worship service Reporting and Insights Church metrics and insights to grow your ministry Volunteer Scheduling Encourage and increase participation in your ministry Event Management End-to-end event planning software for your ministry Content and Media Curate church media and communications for your community PRODUCT Giving Simple and powerful giving platform to increase generosity Apps Church apps designed to increase engagement and leadership in your community ChMS Seamless church management software that scales and grows with your church Security Integrations RESOURCE The Church Technology Buyer's Guide EXPLORE Blog Customer Stories Events Podcast Pushpay University Resources Webinars COMPANY Impact About Careers Press Support Contact Developers GET STARTED Increase giving, build engagement, and fulfill your mission Get the leading digital engagement platform for churches and parishes. REQUEST DEMO Tour Product Offerings FOR CHURCHES FOR PARISHES Want expert insights into the latest tech trends? Register now for The State of Church Tech 2024 Webinar! Products Designed to Support Your Ministry For Churches For Parishes GIVING Nurture Generosity Take the complexity out of your giving experience without sacrificing the functionality you need to track, manage, and grow donations. Learn more. Nurture generosity through Donor Development tools Use financial dashboards to discover giving trends Customize funds, thank-you messages, and giving statements to best engage your people Maximize donations with Everygift™ Tour the Giving Platform EXPLORE TOP GIVING FEATURES: GIVINGEXPERIENCE DONORDEVELOPMENT FINANCEDASHBOARD MORE Kamy BeattieCoram Deo Bible Church "We're so thankful for Pushpay and how it has changed our day-to-day operations as a church. We have much less double-entry, accessible giving options and our staff sees the value in the system and uses it." Andrew RutledgeCentral Community Church "The best tool out there for ensuring our attendees receive the care and support they need. It is also an indispensable part of our event and facilities management!" CHMS Build Community Seamless church management software that scales and grows with your church. Learn more. Connect with guests and encourage ongoing engagement Simplify communication, processes, and workflows Unlock an accurate view of your church’s health and drive initiatives forward Tour the ChMS Platform EXPLORE TOP CHMS FEATURES: PEOPLE +PROFILES EVENTS &CHECK-IN REPORTS &METRICS MORE APPS Engage Your Congregation Create a seamless mobile ministry experience that connects your people to the heart of your ministry – no matter where they are. Learn more. Know and grow your people with engaging, analytics-driven content Foster community with an app that’s easy from first download to group leadership Customize the experience with your own branding, ministries, and content Tour the Apps Platform EXPLORE TOP APPS FEATURES: APPSTUDIO PUSHNOTIFICATIONS MULTI-CAMPUS MORE Jim WhiteFirst United Methodist Church of Palmdale "We have everything from our livestream to giving to small group signups to prayer concerns being shared with our app. It has become our single most important resource for communicating our mission & ministry to our people!" David MillerAsbury United Methodist Church "There is so much potential for amazing data mining and being able to really catch people falling through the cracks before they fall all the way out. I can easily see Insights becoming part of my weekly reporting routine for ministries—and they will LOVE IT." Pushpay Insights Make Informed Decisions Know and grow your church with actionable insights. Learn more. Centralize all your essential church data to easily see overall health and trends Identify disengaged congregants before they slip through the cracks Make data-driven decisions, and confidently plan and execute strategies for deeper engagement Watch the Video Tour Pushpay Insights EXPLORE TOP PUSHPAY INSIGHTS FEATURES: ENGAGEMENTDASHBOARD GIVINGTRENDS ACTIONABLEINSIGHTS MORE BEST VALUE Bring It All Together + + + Grow generosity and engagement with one powerful suite of easy-to-use giving, church management, engagement, and reporting tools. Learn More 24 With ChMS and Giving, digital givers, on average, give 24% more in a month than offline givers. 12 Annually, customers with Staq receive an average of 12% more in total dollars given. 65 On average, customers who use ChMS and Giving together see 65% more digital givers. Chris KozlowskiSt. Isidore Church "Before Pushpay, we were less than $100,000 a year (from giving). After the first year with Pushpay, giving jumped up to $120,000, then up to $200,000, then $360,000, and this last year, giving was over $500,000 received through Pushpay. The system does a lot of the work." GIVING Simplify Stewardship Boost generosity, grow donations, and support your parishioners through their faith journey with a best-in-class giving experience. Learn more. Accommodate your givers Increase offertory and strengthen donor relationships Choose your language and parish Help traditional envelope donors transition to digital giving Tour the Giving Platform EXPLORE TOP GIVING FEATURES: FINANCEDASHBOARD DONORDEVELOPMENT TRADITIONAL &DIGITAL GIVING MORE CHMS Know Your People Catholic church management software that gives you more control, productivity, connections, and time for ministry. Learn more. Get time back for ministry Reporting that gives an accurate view of your parish’s financial health, engagement, and discipleship Built to support your catechists and streamline faith formation ministry Tour the ChMS Platform EXPLORE TOP CHMS FEATURES: PEOPLE +PROFILES FAITHFORMATION EVENTS &SCHEDULING MORE Lisa SlikerOur Lady of Perpetual Help "While we cannot measure a person’s heart, we can measure their involvement - how they serve, what they attend, and where they choose to give their money. At the macro level, that data can then be used to measure not only how effective we were in forming missionary disciples, but at the micro level, are we forming hearts for Jesus." Rev. David HustSt. Anthony of Padua "I’ve been at various parishes where they’ve been building new projects and they haven’t had a tool like Pushpay, the digital tools in this time and age are immensely helpful for a church to allow its people to give generously from their hearts." APPS Engage Your Parish Grow into the future with a mobile-first strategy that nurtures discipleship with apps that every age group will enjoy. Learn more. Stay connected beyond Mass Gather the insights that drive engagement A mobile ChMS in multiple languages Tour the Apps Platform EXPLORE TOP APPS FEATURES: NOTIFICATIONS SIMPLEGIVING IN-DEPTHANALYTICS MORE Pushpay Insights Make Informed Decisions Know and grow your parish with actionable insights. Learn more. Centralize all your essential parish data to easily see overall health and trends Identify disengaged parishioners before they slip through the cracks Make data-driven decisions, and confidently plan and execute strategies for deeper engagement Watch the Video Tour Pushpay Insights EXPLORE TOP PUSHPAY INSIGHTS FEATURES: ENGAGEMENTDASHBOARD GIVINGTRENDS ACTIONABLEINSIGHTS MORE David MillerAsbury United Methodist Church "There is so much potential for amazing data mining and being able to really catch people falling through the cracks before they fall all the way out. I can easily see Insights becoming part of my weekly reporting routine for ministries—and they will LOVE IT." BEST VALUE Bring It All Together + + + Grow generosity and engagement with one powerful suite of easy-to-use giving, church management, engagement, and reporting tools. Learn More 24 With ChMS and Giving, digital givers, on average, give 24% more in a month than offline givers. 12 Annually, customers with Staq receive an average of 12% more in total dollars given. 65 On average, customers who use ChMS and Giving together see 65% more digital givers. VIDEO Professional Livestreaming Solution Resi's reliable livestreaming services allow you to stream confidently, knowing your stream will never fall flat due to unstable network connections. Learn more. Brandon ReesConnection Pointe Christian Church "Not only is all of our content through Resi now available to our community 24/7, but we have a lot more flexibility to curate a rich experience to encourage more engagement with our ministry content." 80+ INTEGRATIONS Products You Already Use Connect to Pushpay No need to start from scratch. With 44 partners and more than 80 software integrations available, you can link all of your software tools and databases into one harmonious system. SEE ALL INTEGRATIONS OUR PURPOSE Together We’re Making An Impact At Pushpay, we're not just providing innovative tech. Our work is driven by an unwavering commitment to strengthening community, connection, and belonging. But we couldn't make it happen without our customers, partners, community members, and associates. Together, we’re making a lasting difference. See the impact we’re making in our communities together. Watch Now “Generosity is one of our core values at Pushpay and is something we encourage to churches every day, so to have a chance to practice it in our community is really special.” Aaron Senneff Pushpay, Chief Technology Officer “Generosity is one of our core values at Pushpay and is something we encourage to churches every day, so to have a chance to practice it in our community is really special.” Aaron Senneff Pushpay, Chief Technology Officer Watch real stories of the impact we’re making in our communities together. "Generosity isn’t just a talking point. It's really who Pushpay is, and it comes from this deep commitment—together we build community." Molly Matthews Pushpay, CEO Featured Resources REPORT The State of Church Technology FEATURED Church Tech Check: A Quick Assessment That Delivers Actionable Insights GENERAL A New Perspective on Church Engagement With Pushpay Insights EBOOK Guide to Church Budget Development VIEW ALL RESOURCES What's New February 27, 2024 New Pushpay Study Reveals Increased Technology Adoption Among Catholic Churches—Hybrid Worship, Mobile Giving, and Digital Security are Top Priorities February 21, 2024 Pushpay Ushers in a New Era of Discipleship for the Church, Launches Pushpay Insights PRODUCTS & SUITES ChurchStaq™ ParishStaq™ Resi Giving Apps Church Management Software SOLUTIONS & FEATURES Check-in Communications Content and Media Church App Church Giving Donor Management Event Management Processes Reporting and Insights Schedules Streaming Text Giving Tithing Volunteer Scheduling Worship Planning Download Church App Download Lead App RESOURCES Blog Events Podcast Resources Compare Customer Stories Pushpay University SUPPORT Support Contact Developers Integrations PASTOR RESOURCE CENTER Best Bible Verses Church Giving Guide Church Growth Guide How to Write a Sermon Church Tech Buying Guide facebook [#176] Created with Sketch. instagram [#167] Created with Sketch. linkedin [#161] Created with Sketch. © 2024 Pushpay Holdings Security Privacy Policy Terms of Use