Reagents For the Life Sciences Industry | NEB Celebrating 50 years of passion for science. NEB was created by scientists for scientists, and we prioritize the advancement of science, stewardship of the environment, and giving back to the world around us. As we reflect on the last 50 years and look toward the future, we are excited to support your research and help you address the complex challenges facing the world today. We hope that by working together, we can shape the science of tomorrow. Learn More Contact Us Find the Support You Need Literature Browse our selection of literature and request your copy of the NEB Catalog and Technical Reference. View or Request Literature Tools Explore our selection of helpful online tools for your research and experimental design. Browse All Tools Video Library Visit our video library to find tutorials, protocols and other informative content. View All Videos Protocol Search Search from over 1,000 NEB protocols within our database. View All Protocols Find the Product You Need Get started Sign up for newsletters or browse our products. Don't forget to visit our New Products and Special Offers pages to find out what's new at NEB. The foundation for your innovation Find out how NEB can support your diagnostic and therapeutic manufacturing. Learn more NEBNext UltraExpress™ FS DNA Library Prep Kit The NEBNext UltraExpress™ FS DNA Library Prep Kit is a single enzyme mix for enzymatic fragmentation, end prep and dA-tailing. This enables the generation of high-quality, high-yield DNA libraries from a broad input range in less than two hours using a single protocol. Learn More Authenticase™ Authenticase is a mix of structure-specific nucleases that targets mismatch and indel regions (1-10 bp) on double-stranded DNA. It can be used as an error-correction reagent in oligo-based PCR gene assembly. It can also replace T7 Endonuclease I for genome editing efficiency assessment. Learn More NEBNext UltraExpress™ RNA Library Prep Kit The NEBNext UltraExpress™ RNA Library Prep Kit has a 3-hour library prep protocol & creates high-quality directional RNA libraries in a single day when paired with poly(A) mRNA enrichment or rRNA depletion kits. The kit features a single protocol, master mixed reagents, reduced incubation times, & fewer cleanup steps. Learn More Browse All Products Review NEB’s Latest Research Feature Article Read about how NEB scientists use Golden Gate Assembly, data-optimized assembly design (DAD) and online tools to design one-pot assemblies of medium to high complexity genomes. Featured Video NEB scientists have shown that RNase I has Ca2+-dependent double-stranded-RNase activity, and DNA:RNA hybridase activity. App Note Learn about our one-day in vitro workflow of Golden Gate Assembly, RCA, and cell-free protein expression for high-throughput screening, generating custom protein variants. New Publication An in-vitro strategy developed by NEB scientists expands cytosine deaminase applications and uncovers novel deaminases. They introduce a non-destructive 5-methylcytosine sequencing method (SEM-seq) utilizing a newly identified DNA deaminase. Web Tool The latest version of NEBaseChanger® is available to help design site-directed mutagenesis primers. Compatible with ambiguous bases, substitute based on amino acid position, batch upload for multiple primer sets and add mutations to primer tails. New Publication In this issue of NEB Expressions, explore DNA construction and gene synthesis with NEBridge® Golden Gate Assembly and Authenticase™ for error correction. Achieve precision in FFPE DNA library prep using NEBNext®, and much more! Learn About NEB's Research Trending Topics Featured Podcast Molecular Cloning Series: Golden Gate Assembly 101 Featured Podcast Molecular Cloning Series: Golden Gate Assembly 101 Hear NEB Research Scientist Andy Sikkema, introduce Golden Gate Assembly and it’s uses, as well as tips for successful DNA assemblies. Listen to the Podcast Featured Video The Effect of DNA Methylation on Restriction Digests Featured Video The Effect of DNA Methylation on Restriction Digests This tutorial explains the effect of DNA methylation on restriction enzyme digestion; including dam, dcm and CpG methylation. View the video Featured Webinar Closer to the clinic: Optimized DNA assembly for personalized medicine research Featured Webinar Closer to the clinic: Optimized DNA assembly for personalized medicine research In this webinar, we will discuss how data-optimized Golden Gate Assembly and NEBuilder® HiFi DNA Assembly mixes and protocols can be used to enable new and massively parallel approaches to personalized medicine. Watch the Webinars NEBinspired Blog E5hmC-seq™ is a Sequencing Method for Direct 5hmC Detection that Leverages Improved Data Quality from Enzymatic Conversion Posted on Friday, March 1, 2024 By Nicole Kelesoglu Learn about a new method to directly detect 5hmC at single-base resolution in this interview with NEB scientist, Dan Evanich, Ph.D.. Read More > Four alternative and powerful cloning applications of NEBuilder® HiFi DNA assembly Posted on Monday, January 8, 2024 By Joanne Gibson, Ph.D. Explore the versatility of NEBuilder HiFi DNA Assembly in our latest blog. Expand your toolkit with four alternative applications for DNA manipulation. Read More > The Vital Role of Restriction Enzymes in Molecular Cloning and DNA Assembly Posted on Friday, December 8, 2023 By Lydia Morrison, M.S. The functionality of restriction enzymes extends beyond bacterial defense mechanisms, with pivotal applications in genetic engineering processes. Read More > View All Posts To Request Technical Support Fill out our Technical Support Form. For Customers Outside of this Region Contact your local subsidiary or distributor. Want to learn about new products? Sign up for our eNewsletters Subscribe Support NEB Overview Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Trademarks Terms of Sale Privacy Cookie Policy Change Country VN © Copyright 2024 New England Biolabs. All Rights Reserved. Choose your country North America Canada United States Europe France Germany United Kingdom Asia-Pacific Australia China Japan New Zealand Singapore If you don't see your country above, please visit our international site Session Expired You have been idle for more than 20 minutes, for your security you have been logged out. Please sign back in to continue your session. Sign In Institution Changed Your profile has been mapped to an Institution, please sign back for your profile updates to be completed. Sign In Sign in to your NEB account To save your cart and view previous orders, sign in to your NEB account. Adding products to your cart without being signed in will result in a loss of your cart when you do sign in or leave the site. Sign In Sign In Continue as Guest Don't show me again