NCSA - Get Recruited. Play College Sports. | NCSAsports.org Contact Us Log In Athlete Login College Coach Login Club and HS Coach Login Services NCSA Cost and Memberships Athlete and Coach Products Mental Performance Coaching Nutrition Coaching Resources College Recruiting Guide Contacting Coaches Scholarships Best Colleges Blog Sports Sports Mens Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Womens Sports Basketball Beach Volleyball Field Hockey Golf Gymnastics Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Coed Sports Cheerleading Camps About About NCSA How NCSA Works NCSA Reviews Meet Our Experts About IMG Academy+ Coaching Join NCSA Contact Us Sign Up Athlete Login College Coach Login Club and HS Coach Login Get Started Now Parents Start Here Athletes Start Here Unlock your potential We help high school athletes get recruited to play the sports they love in college. Parents Start Here Athletes Start Here Get expert guidance Discover the right schools for you Get noticed by more college coaches Official Recruiting Partner of: Stand Out To College Coaches With NCSA Signing up for a free NCSA profile is the first step to unlocking what you need to get recruited. Build a profile, upload your transcripts and highlight videos to get instant access to coaches. Upgrade to gain access to premium features to find the right college fit, get personalized coaching and access to holistic development from IMG Academy+. At NCSA we take pride in providing expert guidance to help athletes achieve their goal of competing in college. You Can Do This, We Can Help! Make your dream happen with access to easy online tools and expert guidance that is proven to work. Crush this process without stress Learn ways to get noticed by more coaches Discover schools that best fit your skills and interests Get scholarship guidance and access to ACT / SAT test prep Connect directly with coaches and recruiters Get personalized coaching from recruiting experts Getting Started is Easy! Just follow these three steps to take control of your recruitment. Get Your Free Recruiting Assessment Speak to an NCSA recruiting expert to find out where you stand in your recruiting journey. Schedule a Call Select the Right RecruitingTools For You Helpful content and college search tools are free. You can upgrade for full access or personalized coaching from a recruiting expert. Explore our Membership Plans Crush This Process & Get Recruited! No matter where you are in the process, NCSA has the tools and coaching expertise to help you every step of the way. How it Works We Know Recruiting Better Than Anyone Our recruiting coaches have first-hand experience and expertise as former college athletes themselves. Over the past 20+ years, they’ve helped hundreds of thousands of athletes achieve their goal of playing in college and are ready to help you do the same! Meet our Recruiting Coaches I know a lot of athletes go through the fear of picking the right program and luckily NCSA really helped with that stress and gave me a lot of options when it came to picking where I was going to spend the next four years. Lauren FullerUniversity of San Diego Volleyball player Hear What Other Parents and Athletes Are Saying About NCSA Frequently Asked Questions What is NCSA and what does NCSA do? NCSA College Recruiting is a team of more than 1,100 experts—mostly former college athletes and coaches—that helps student-athletes and their families navigate the college recruiting process. We provide a range of services to help student-athletes find the right college program for their academic and athletic goals. Learn more about NCSA. How do I use NCSA? NCSA offers a suite of online college recruiting tools and resources that student-athletes can use to create a recruiting profile, highlight their athletic abilities, connect with college coaches and more. Start by creating a free profile and then read how NCSA works. How many student-athletes has NCSA helped play in college? NCSA has proudly helped over 300,000 student-athletes find their right college fit. In 2022 alone, we helped over 30,000 student-athletes commit to a college. We help find opportunities at schools that many students and families would not have even thought to look at. Does NCSA help with athletic scholarships? Yes, NCSA can help. Finding scholarships can be a challenge, and knowing which ones you are eligible for can be even more difficult to figure out. We have scholarship resources to help you find the best opportunities, like our guide to athletic scholarships which includes everything you need to know about athletic scholarship offers and tips for getting them. Or you can search athletic scholarships here. Why do I need a college recruiting service like NCSA? Becoming a collegiate athlete is an investment that requires a lot of time and money. And while you could DIY your college recruitment, most families don’t have the time to devote towards all the activities necessary to get the results they desire. That is why thousands of parents, athletes and coaches have trusted the knowledge, expertise and proven success that NCSA’s college recruiting services have to offer. How much does NCSA cost? Creating an online recruiting profile with NCSA is completely free. You will get access to over 50,000 college coaches actively searching for recruits, helpful recruiting content and expert advice, and free use of our interactive college search map. In addition, we provide several options to upgrade to some of our premium plans. View our pricing page for more information. Ready to Get Started? Take control of your future with expert guidance and join the largest college sports recruiting network in the U.S. Parents Start Here Athletes Start Here NCSA Our People Careers All in Award Press and Media More Resources NCAA Eligibility NCAA Recruiting Rules How to Get Recruited Managing Your Recruiting Emailing Coaches Recruiting Guide for Parents Mobile Apps IMG Academy+ Mental Performance & Nutrition NCSA Athletic Recruiting © 2002-2024 NCSA College Recruiting All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Cookie Notice Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Manage Privacy Settings × Popular Links Football Camps How to Get Recruited NCAA Recruiting Calendars NCSA Commitments NCSA Recruiting Workshops