Consumerist Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. × Welcome to the Consumerist Archives Thanks for visiting Consumerist.com. As of October 2017, Consumerist is no longer producing new content, but feel free to browse through our archives. Here you can find 12 years worth of articles on everything from how to avoid dodgy scams to writing an effective complaint letter. Check out some of our greatest hits below, explore the categories listed on the left-hand side of the page, or head to CR.org for ratings, reviews, and consumer news. View Our Archives i don't like it Here’s A Sample Complaint Letter For When You Don’t Know What To Say that doesn't seem right Can A Cashier Make Me Read My 3-Digit Credit Card Code In Front Of Other Shoppers? airports Here’s A Big (Updated) List Of The Foods You Can Bring Through Airport Security a horse of many colors A Brief History Of Car Colors — And Why Are We So Boring Now? the bad kind of surprise Insurance Loopholes & Master Pricing: How Surprise Medical Bills Knock Consumers Down you are what you google Your “Anonymous” Web Browsing History Totally Isn’t here's the beef We Tried It: 4 Ways To Cook A Burger That’s Safe To Eat But Doesn’t Taste Like Leather What were they thinking 17 Commercial Failures From Brands With Spectacularly Bad Ideas spoilage wars Keep Your Onions & Potatoes Separated And Other Tips For Storing Fruits & Vegetables advice worth repeating Please Don’t Press Any Buttons When You Get A Scammy Robocall Greatest HitsView by Category Retail Services Education Transportation & Infrastructure Crime & Fraud Data & Privacy Quality & Safety Food & Personal Care Government & Policy Pharma Medicine Part of Founded in 2005, Consumerist® is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Reports. About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2018 Consumer Reports