Website Monetization Platform for Ad Optimization | Setupad For Publishers Setupad Header Bidding Wrapper Setupad Prebid Manage Account Setupad Prebid AdSense Setupad Prebid Setupad Prebid Self-Serve Setupad Prebid Adapter Setupad CMP Setupad WordPress Plugin For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog FAQ Case Studies Content Library Newsletter About Our Story Careers Referral Contact LOG IN Earn More Money From Ads on Your Website Sign up now Your browser does not support the video tag.[Fullscreen] Reliable 60 day Payments No Minimal Commitments Ensured Ad Quality First Google Certified Publishing Partner in Baltics Prebid.org Tier 2 Technology Partner Explore All Setupad ProductsUnlock the full earning potential of your website, no matter the size! Our powerful header bidding solutions offer a range of options to suit any publisher, helping you maximize your revenue with ease. Setupad Prebid Self-ServeA self-serve platform that offers implementation, maintenance, and optimization of header bidding technology and doesn't require much involvement of the publishers' IT team. Read More Setupad PrebidAdvanced Setupad technology for publishers with direct campaigns ready to manage website monetization inhouse with a powerful hybrid header bidding solution. Read More Setupad Header Bidding WrapperFull service solution, connects your ad space with top demand partners. Access extra Setupad Prebid demand and optimize your Google earnings. Read More Setupad Prebid AdSenseFull service solution. Combine your Google AdSense demand with Setupad's Prebid demand from 30+ premium SSPs to drive up your ad revenue. Read More Setupad CMPOur CMP tool captures users' consent effortlessly by collecting and storing visitors' privacy preferences—simple and transparent user consent collection. Read More Setupad WP AdsThe free Setupad Ads plugin provides you with all the necessary tools to manage, place, target, and various kinds of ads on your website. Read More Boost your revenue even more with Lazy loadingThe concept of lazy loading is simple–an ad request is triggered right when the user is most likely to see it. Lazy loading for ads improves the website speed, user experience and increases ad viewability. Content RecommendationsKeep users longer on the website by recommending other content from sponsored posts within the recommendation widget. Increased time spent and pageviews help to generate more ad revenue. Adblock MonetizationAdditional revenue from users who disable ads but have consented to receive Acceptable Ads standard creatives. Run non-intrusive advertising formats in couple of placements per page and regain 10%-20% of otherwise lost revenue.Full-Service Monetization Support for PublishersDedicated Account ExecutiveWe understand that monetization can be complex and overwhelming, which is why we offer expert support every step of the way. With a dedicated Account Executive, you'll have a reliable go-to contact who will guide you through the onboarding process and ensure that your website or app is optimized for maximum revenue generation. Whether you need assistance with ad placement, troubleshooting, or continuous monetization improvements, our team is always here to help you succeed. Certified Ad Operations SupportOur commitment to your success doesn't stop at onboarding. As a valued partner, you'll also receive the support of a Google Certified Ad Operations specialist from our team. They will work closely with your dedicated Account Executive to identify new prospects and exchange effective tactics to continually optimize your ad revenue and ensure long-term success. With our certified ad operations support, you can be confident that you're getting the most out of your monetization strategy. IT SupportWe know that technical issues can be frustrating and time-consuming, which is why we offer comprehensive IT support to every publisher. Our team will work with you to customize the technical configuration of your website, including conducting thorough audits, providing expert consultations, and offering ongoing technical support to ensure optimal performance and a seamless visitor experience. Our Client Success Stories +390% eCPM IncreaseHow did Setupad take a holistic approach to increase the client’s eCPM by 390%? About BHDijaspora.net BHDijaspora.net is a […] Read case study → +192% Increased Monthly Ad RevenueHow did Setupad unlock Google AdX demand and grew ad revenue by 192% on the Kyiv Post with a […] Read case study → +309% Increased Monthly Ad RevenueHow did Setupad increase the client’s ad revenue by 309% compared to Google AdSense? About Ascii-code.com Ascii-code.com was started […] Read case study → Working With Clients Like These is a Charm Try It Now! Sign Up Setupad in Numbers International websites 500+ Successfully monetizing their ad inventory with Setupad solutions Partners (SSPs) 31 We have formed great partnerships with the industry leaders Each month we monetize 4+ Billion Ad impressions worldwide Learn to earn with us 16 minute read01.03.2024 A Guide to Protected Audience API (Formerly – FLEDGE)Read and explore how the Protected Audience API revolutionizes privacy-first advertising, enhancing targeting for publishers and advertisers. 7 minute read23.02.2024 What is Ad Inventory and Why It’s Important?This guide explores what ad inventory is, its importance for publishers and advertisers, calculation methods, and ad inventory management tips. 5 minute read15.02.2024 24 Digital Advertising Trends and Stats for 2024Digital advertising and programmatic trends for 2024. Stats, facts and graphs YOU CAN'T IGNORE. Keep an eye on our updated list and be ahead of the competition! Read more in blog Monetize your website traffic with us Sign Up ProductsHB WrapperPrebid Manage AccountPrebid AdSensePrebidPrebid Self-ServeCMPWordpress PluginLearnBlogWebinarsFAQNewsletterAbout Referral Program Privacy Policy Careers About Us Contact Strēlnieku iela 8 - 40, Riga, Latvia, LV-1010, [email protected]Antakalnio str. 17, "Vilnius Tech Park" - building Nr.12, LT-10312, Vilnius, LithuaniaSocials © 2015 - 2024 Setupad.com SETUPAD Inc. All Rights reserved.