Quillette – Free Thought Lives Skip to content Home About Contribute Events Gift Subscriptions Home About Contribute Events Gift Subscriptions Search Log in Subscribe Close menu Home About Contribute Events Gift Subscriptions Home About Contribute Events Gift Subscriptions Subscribe Already a member? Sign In Latest Art and Culture Education Podcast Politics Science / Tech In Defence of the EU The European Union has been overwhelmingly successful in achieving its primary mission: guaranteeing peace. James Graham 4 Mar 2024 · 12 min read Art & Culture ← → On Sin and Repentance Our secular ideas about guilt and absolution distort the language and values of Christianity. Marilyn Simon 4 Mar 2024 · 8 min read Donald Duck and Bugs Bunny Fight Fascism The animation industry was perhaps the United States’ most potent cultural weapon during World War II. Jacob Bielecki 26 Feb 2024 · 14 min read Beginning in Gladness, Ending in Madness 1900–1950 was a golden age of literary eccentricity. Stephen Akey 21 Feb 2024 · 14 min read See all ↗ Join the newsletter to receive the latest updates in your inbox. Your email address Join Please check your inbox and click the link to confirm your subscription. Show Your Support Today Twitter Facebook Instagram Instagram RSS Sponsored Latest Articles Not Everyone Who Disagrees with You Is An ‘Uncle Tom’ No one has an obligation to express, or refrain from expressing, a particular view, merely because they are part of a minority group. Holly Lawford-Smith 4 Mar 2024 · 11 min read Dan Schueftan on the Palestine-Israel Conflict Pamela Paresky interviews the outspoken Israeli academic. Pamela Paresky 4 Mar 2024 · 33 min read A Confected Crisis Valid concerns about anti-Muslim bigotry should not be used as an excuse to appease Islamist fanatics. Oscar Clarke 1 Mar 2024 · 8 min read Greeks and Jews: Two Diaspora Peoples The histories of these two groups reveals the sinister implications of an ideology that holds that some people are more “natural” to a place than others. Katherine Kelaidis 1 Mar 2024 · 7 min read Ukraine Goes to Court Ukraine has therefore pursued multiple legal avenues in response to the aggression. Emiliano Polo 29 Feb 2024 · 8 min read When Therapy Makes Things Worse Spending time with friends and family, exercise, and volunteer work are often more helpful than long conversations about one’s anxieties and grievances. Abigail Shrier 29 Feb 2024 · 9 min read See all articles → Join the newsletter to receive the latest updates in your inbox. Your email address Join Please check your inbox and click the link to confirm your subscription. Latest Podcast From the Blog Razib Khan Answers My Most Controversial Questions About Genetics: Quillette Cetera Episode 30 23 Feb 2024 Australia's New Free Speech Union: Quillette Cetera Episode 29 8 Feb 2024 Stop Opening Up About Your Mental Health Online 8 Feb 2024 The Optimistic Space Between Black and White 3 Feb 2024 See more Quillette Sydney. London. Toronto. Navigation Masthead About Contribute Terms of Service Privacy Contact Us FAQ Newsletter Your email address Join Please check your inbox and click the link to confirm your subscription. © 2024 Quillette · Powered by Ghost