California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, CA It seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To view this site, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options and try again. Jump to main content Please note: Wander Woods and the East Garden will be closed through March 8. Spring in the Garden opens March 9! 1 California Academy of Sciences Tickets Join Donate Toggle Close Search calacademy.org Toggle smartphone navigation Home Visit Hours & Admission Daily Calendar Getting Here Tours Groups Dining Academy Store Plan an Event Exhibits & Events Aquarium Planetarium Rainforest Natural History Museum NightLife Sleepovers Lectures & Workshops Learn & Explore Phenomena Blog Academy @ Home Meet Our Scientists Scientific Expeditions Creature Closeups Community Science Youth Programs Apps & Interactives Live Webcams For Educators For Scientists About Us Mission: Regeneration Strategic Initiatives Vision & Values Leadership Careers & Paid Internships Sustainability in Action Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & Access Support Membership Donor Circles Gift & Estate Planning Corporate Engagement Foundation Partnerships Annual Fundraisers Volunteer Explore your world from the heart of Golden Gate Park. Public Hours Monday – Saturday: 9:30 am – 5 pm Sunday: 11 am – 5 pm Thursday NightLife (21+): 6 – 10 pm Member Hours Tuesday: 8:30 – 9:30 am Sunday: 10 – 11 am The Academy's mission is to regenerate the natural world through science, learning, and collaboration. Every visit supports our work. Buy Tickets Steinhart Aquarium Morrison Planetarium Osher Rainforest Kimball Natural History Museum Know Before You Go Exhibits and experiences for explorers of all ages See what's on OPEN DAILY BigPicture Our annual exhibition of the year's best nature photography transports you to where life is lush, unusual is beautiful, and animals inspire us to be more human.Zoom In OPEN DAILY Venom Encounter an array of over a dozen venomous animal species from scorpionfish to assassin bugs to fire urchins in this potent Steinhart Aquarium exhibition.Have a Sting Fling1 Events and activities to kick-start your curiosity Planetarium shows, webcams, and DIY science for all NOW PLAYING Spark: The Universe in Us Everything we are was written in the stars. Discover the celestial origins of the building blocks of life in the Academy's newest original planetarium film.Blast Off THURSDAYS | 6-10 PM | 21+ NightLife Wonder what our animals get up to once the sun goes down? Find out at the Academy’s weekly event that illuminates the unusual intersection of art and science.Brighten Up0 World-changing science starts here Support our work PHENOMENA An eel-y tricky checkup Scrub in with the Academy’s Animal Health team for an inside look at how they look inside our slippery, slithery moray eels.Read Blog Post MEMBERSHIPS START AT $99 Join, renew, or donate Keep up with your favorite creatures by visiting for free all year long—and support our research, education, and access initiatives while you're at it.Become a Member1 Blue Please note: Wander Woods and the East Garden will be closed through March 8. Spring in the Garden opens March 9! Add some life to your inbox.Subscribe to our NightLife newsletter. Email Quick Links Health & SafetyContact Careers Press Store Gift Cards Webcams Resources For Educators For Scientists Discover Phenomena bioGraphic BigPicture Hours Monday – Saturday: 9:30 am – 5 pm Sunday: 11 am – 5 pm Thursday NightLife (21+): 6 – 10 pm Connect Facebook Instagram Twitter Social Media Location California Academy of Sciences info@calacademy.org Golden Gate Park 55 Music Concourse Drive San Francisco, CA 94118 United States Directions & Parking (415) 379-8000 Connect Facebook Instagram Twitter Social Media Home The California Academy of Sciences is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Our mission is to regenerate the natural world through science, learning, and collaboration. American Association of Zoos & Aquariums © California Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your California Privacy Rights Bird Close An adventure in your inbox. (And a discount, too.) Sign up for the Academy’s monthly newsletter and get a promo code for 10% off at our online retail store. Enter email address Success! You should receive your promo code shortly. Now’s a great time to start window-shopping at the Academy Store. Uh-oh, something went wrong. Please try submitting your email again.