Information for travel and holidays in Ticino | ticino.ch Inspire me Small moments, a great experience Experiences Stories Inspirations Inspire me Discover The variety of the territory Regions Seasons Interests Discover Explore All there is to do Sports Hike & Bike Gastronomy Events Explore ... Sustainable holidays UNESCO Parks and gardens Markets and artisanship Museums and architecture Shopping Nightlife Casinos Plan Plan your travel How to get there Getting around Where to sleep Plan ... Ticino Ticket Accessible tourism Tourism contacts Brochures and maps Customs information Video Ticino Shop 14° Other information WEDNESDAY 14°C THURSDAY 16°C FRIDAY 11°C SATURDAY 9°C All weather forecast Webcam All webcams Language ItalianoEnglishDeutschFrançais Our network Choose Meetings Trade Media Your favorites Favorites Logout Special offer -20% Spring in Ticino The traditions of Telemark and adventures by bike From telemark skiing pioneer in Ticino to promoter of cycling tourism in the Gotthard region, Hans Bandi has made a significant contribution to what the region has to offer. Relax Piazzogna Where spring dons its brightest colours 27 March - 11.05 19° 365 m Inspired Travelling to Ticino Be inspired by the small moments you can experience in the south of Switzerland. Discover the colours of Ticino and the wide range of leisure activities on offer. Choose which unforgettable experience you want to live first and watch the videos of the protagonists of the stories of Ticino. Events Beloved events are waiting for you to let you enjoy unforgettable moments. From 13/01 to 26/10 Lugano – Guided City Walk (Free T... From 28/03 to 29/03 Holy Week Processions in Mendrisio From 07/03 to 09/03 Jazz Culture and Music Festival From 26/01 to 22/03 Prestige Continental Express All events Top 5 Experience Ticino outdoors. What can we inspire you with most? Here we have put together a fine selection of local products, hiking tips and biking routes for you. 5 places where magnolias bloom beautifully 5 places where magnolias bloom beautifully DISCOVER 10 things to do at Easter 10 things to do at Easter DISCOVER 5 bridges that unite 5 bridges that unite DISCOVER Experiences It's often the little moments that make you feel the most. Sport MTB all year round: is that possible? 11 november - 9.00 10° Energic Sport Shooting down a red piste, admiring a white landscape 6 February - 8.30 0° 1'500 m Energic Culture An authentic souvenir made with your own hands 6 October – 11.00 18° Inspired Feel lucky? Discover a random experience among many of Ticino. All experiences Pick up your lucky moment We selected for you at random some of our best experiences. Pick up your card and discover which emotions wait for you! Sport All over the falls 30 July – 14.00 28° 17° Energic Culture In the footsteps of those who have left their mark 12 April – 11.30 18° Inspired Flavours Who needs newspapers when you can chat with nature, time and food? 19 September – 12.30 23° 910 m Relaxed Experiences Not the right experience for you? Stories Ticino told through the protagonists' voices. Federico Soldati, founder of FlyTicino Tandem flight is wonderful: synergy with the passenger. Magical flight Marialuce Valtulini, Cheesemaker Gin and Ticino – like chalk and cheese. "Traditions need to evolve and grow or they die out" Tauf Khamitov, athlete, coach and KVplus founder A beautiful place helps to create a beautiful product. A medal for Dongio All stories Go green Go green Choose a more sustainable and environmentally friendly holiday. DISCOVER Services Useful services and offers to enjoy your holiday in Ticino. Special offer -20% Attractive offers for your holiday, discounts on stays in selected hotels and arrival by train. Gastronomy A canton to savour. Ticino boasts authentic flavours of excellent quality. Ticino Ticket Are you staying overnight in Ticino? Free public transports and discounts tourist attractions and navigation. Agriesperienze A selection of experiences with a local flavour. The perfect way to discover everyday rural life in Ticino. Ticino Shop The official store for those who love vacations in Ticino. Traveling alone Face to face with Ticino in a year-round holiday. Guided excursions Let yourself be guided to discover the excellence of the area. An expert guide will accompany you. Small moments, a great experience Welcome to the official tourism site of Ticino, the most Mediterranean of the Swiss cantons. On this site you'll find all the information you need to plan your next holiday. Discover the territory: What the different regions of the canton have to offer, each one with its own characteristics and events. What to do during the different seasons—there are unforgettable experiences to be had in Ticino any time of the year. What kind of experiences it offers—Ticino offers a variety of activities, whether you want relaxation or prefer adventure and fun in a natural setting. You can choose from a variety of sports and excursions, or explore the more cultural and gastronomic routes. You can also discover all the events to be attended in the various cities of the canton. Next, it's time for planning: Choose how to get there, whether by train—at one of the various stations in the canton's cities—plane, or even by car. Decide where to stay—Ticino offers a variety of options, from hotels to holiday homes, and even Alpine huts and farms. Learn how to get around the canton—its buses, cable cars, railways, and boats allow you to explore Ticino’s territories and cities with ease. Discover everything you need to make your holiday unique on the official tourism website of Ticino! More Less OUR NETWORK Meetings Trade Media ItalianoEnglishDeutschFrançais Browse the site Inspire me Experiences Stories Inspirations Video Regions Bellinzona and Valleys Ascona-Locarno Lugano Region Mendrisiotto Seasons Spring Summer Autumn Winter Excursions Hiking By bike By mountain bike Alpine huts Events Local festivals Music Sports Exhibitions Gastronomy Explore Unesco Markets and artisanship Museums and architecture Shopping Nighlife Parks and gardens Gastronomy Sports Winter sports Water sports Adventure sports Traditional sports Getting around Navigation By train Lifts and funicolars By bus By car Plan Contacts Accessible tourism Weather forecast Webcam Custom information Downloads Apps Ticino Shop How to get there By train By airplane By car Themes Culture Family Nature Landscapes Grand Tour Traditions Wellness Accommodation Ticino Ticket Hotels Campings Holiday houses Youth hostels Bed and breakfast Farmhouses Contact for partners Via C. Ghiringhelli 7 C.P. 1441 6501 Bellinzona Tel. +41 91 825 70 56 Follow us Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe About us Operatori Privacy Cookie policy Sitemap Credits © 2024 Agenzia turistica ticinese SA. All right reserved. Home Inspire me Experiences Stories Inspirations Inspire me Details Discover Regions Seasons Interests Discover Details Explore Sports Hike & Bike Gastronomy Events Explore Sustainable holidays UNESCO Parks and gardens Markets and artisanship Museums and architecture Shopping Nightlife Casinos Details Plan How to get there Getting around Where to sleep Plan Ticino Ticket Accessible tourism Tourism contacts Brochures and maps Customs information Video Ticino Shop Details /en/weather-forecast.html Meteo 14°C All weather forecast Webcam All webcams Your favorites Language Italiano English Deutsch Français Our network Meetings Trade Media