Messy Nessy Chic - Cabinet of Chic Curiosities 15 49.0138 8.38624 both 0 bullet 0 4000 1 0 horizontal https://www.messynessychic.com 300 4000 Don’t Be A Tourist My Secret Paris New York Off-Beat & Little Known Paris Like a Local Unique Hotels Wanderlust Inspiration Vault Art & Design Awesomeness Desirable Digs Hot Wheels Indie Shopper Movie / Music / Book Junkie People / Icons / Muses Teeny Tiny Stuff Life is Messy Comedic Therapy Conversation Starters Fashion for Dummies Foodaholics anonymous How to start a subculture Internet Scrapbook Nostalgia Abandoned Forget Paris Lost & Found Obscure history Time travel More Destination Directory A-Z Weekend & City Guides Collector’s Corner Paris Restaurant Guide New York Restaurant Guide Maps Concierge GIFTS KEYHOLDER LOGIN FacebookInstagram About/ Work With Us/ Contact Us/ Newsletter/ Don’t Be A Tourist My Secret Paris New York Off-Beat & Little Known Paris Like a Local Unique Hotels Wanderlust Inspiration Vault Art & Design Awesomeness Desirable Digs Hot Wheels Indie Shopper Movie / Music / Book Junkie People / Icons / Muses Teeny Tiny Stuff Life is Messy Comedic Therapy Conversation Starters Fashion for Dummies Foodaholics anonymous How to start a subculture Internet Scrapbook Nostalgia Abandoned Forget Paris Lost & Found Obscure history Time travel More Destination Directory A-Z Weekend & City Guides Collector’s Corner Paris Restaurant Guide New York Restaurant Guide Maps Concierge GIFTS KEYHOLDER LOGIN FacebookInstagram 13 Things I Found on the Internet (Vol. 685) STICKY A Forgotten Ode to the Little Paris Shopfront I was walking along the Seine this weekend, slowing my pace for the lonely bouquinistes (the open-air booksellers that have squatted the quays of the river since the 18th century), when a dog-eared paperback caught my eye. Inside, it was filled with the most delightful illustrations of French boutiques from the 1920s; each storefront’s name inspired… STICKY France, Is That Really You? Ah, la douce France! Cobblestone streets and cafés lost in time, quaint little ancient villages surrounded by vineyards, heart-achingly beautiful architecture and skylines, just like you’ve seen it in the movies. Right? Well sure, but that’s only half of the story. Sometimes, France can look like the Eastern Bloc. Sometimes, it can look like the… STICKY How Humans Have Toyed with Time Who dictates Time? Depends on who you ask, and in what century. Like us, you probably rely on a Western, 365 day calendar to tell you that today, it’s such and such date in 2020 AD. But if you asked a French Revolutionary, “Year 1” began in 1789. And if you asked an American Kodak… STICKY The Secret World of Pageant Pigeons They’ve been increasingly antagonised over the last century, reduced to nothing more than a plague upon Midtown Manhattan, Trafalgar Square, Notre Dame (we could keep going). But today at MessyNessy, your internet watering hole for misfits and chic oddities, we’d like to show you that pigeons, yes pigeons, can meet those two categories with flying colours.… How Does a 10 Day Week Sound? The French Tried It For 13 Years It’s the Year 232, cccording to the French Republican Calendar. If a wine’s vintage is decided by the year the grapes were harvested, wouldn’t it be fitting for France to celebrate the New Year at harvest time? At the turn of the 19th century, that’s just what France did. With the rise of the First… These Overlooked Fashion Icons were More than Just Pretty Faces Remember the supermodel-celebrities of the nineties, the ones who wouldn’t get out of bed for under $10 000 a day? Casting a glance a little further back into fashion history, there’s a host of equally noteworthy style muses with diverse achievements in politics, education, literature and entertainment (… mind you, their celebrity romances were rather juicy… 13 Things I Found on the Internet Today (Vol. 684) 1. An ostrich jockey in the streets of Brussels, 1933 Photographer by Jacques Hersleven, colorised by RDB Colors. 2. Concept art for Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) Found on the Art behind the Magic. 3. Van Gogh’s lesser-known Olive Tree series Vincent van Gogh painted at least 15 paintings of olive trees, mostly in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence in 1889.… Girl Gangs of New York and the Godmother of Gotham Crime If you were a late 19th century sex worker, shoplifter, gangster, confidence artist, or petty thief, chances are your path would have crossed with the high priestess of misdemeanour, Old Mother (‘Marm’) AKA the ‘Queen of Fences’ Mandelbaum and her curated network of wickedly skilled criminal hostesses. Each of these crafty operators had carved out… 13 Things I Found on the Internet Today (Vol. 683) 1. The Brain-boggling art of Mattias Adolfsson Have a look through his world here. 2. A Rooftop Cottage for sale in the East Village, NYC Found on Zillow. 3. Are coffee machines that look like this too much to ask for? Created with AI art by Tina Bobbe. 4. A website dedicated to Japanese Hotel… Parisians Getting Buck Wild at their Absolutely Bonkers Bohemian Arts Ball If you ever wondered whether the “Années Folles” really were ‘that crazy’ – we’re here to confirm that it was. Drunkenness, debauchery, drama and nudes, the bal des Quat’z’Arts (four arts ball) had it all; it’s little wonder then, that from its inception at the turn of the century, an invitation rapidly became the hottest… Meet the Artist Who Pivoted from Kids’ Books to Erotica Most artists go through eras of experimentation in their work. Be it a phase of personal discovery, a new chapter in their life, or the result of keeping up with or combatting the latest trends. Flick through the back catalogues of the greats, you might find their spooky era, or sell out era. But you… 13 Things I Found on the Internet Today (Vol. 682) 1. Cupid on the Move Works by Michelangelo Maestri, found on Gods and Foolish Grandeur. 2. “Married to the Eiffel Tower”, a documentary about women who fall in love with objects 3. A tiny time-warp cafe in Paris goes full Art Nouveau Atelier Alma oversaw the transformation of the micro-bar, using reclaimed materials and old-school craft… The Guy That Built His House in a Sports Stadium Even the most expensive VIP box seat at the Superbowl has nothing on this. Rewind to 1968 and we’re at the gilded Astrodome stadium in Houston, Texas. This luxurious and flamboyant stadium was the brainchild of Roy Hofheinz, a former mayor of Houston and sports super fan who spent $6 million (around $41 million today)… You know Josephine Baker, but what about the Forgotten Senegalese Star of the Parisian Stage? François ‘Féral’ Benga glances at us from black-and-white photographs, immortalised in a sculptural pose, large soulful eyes turned skywards as if to say, I am indeed a celestial creature. Hard to believe, but this lithe of limb and cacao-butter-sleek heavenly vision of a man was in fact an earthling from Dakar, Senegal, who used his… 1 2 … 390 OLDER POSTS Paris Restaurant GuideUnlock the Vault Weekend & City GuidesUnlock the Vault LUCKY DIP ARTICLEA Forgotten Ode to the Little Paris ShopfrontFrance, Is That Really You?How Humans Have Toyed with TimeThe Secret World of Pageant PigeonsBrushstrokes of Brilliance and Queerness: Unlocking the Leonardo da Vinci Code ABOUT NESSYMum & Dad named me Vanessa, but you can call me Nessy. INSTAGRAM messynessychic Packing for summer vacation with a little help fro Load More... Follow on Instagram CATEGORIES Editor's Picks Inspiration Vault Life is Messy Nostalgia WE DELIVER !Enter your email and I’ll send you my latest stories. and only that. and love of course!WebsiteLINKSKeyholderAboutLe Press PageAdvertising & PartnershipsWork With UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsINSTAGRAMmessynessychicPacking for summer vacation with a little help froLoad More...Follow on Instagram 2023 - 13 THINGS LTD. All rights reserved.FacebookInstagram BACK TO TOP Sign in Remember me Log in Forgot your password? Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password. Reset password Back to login close