Home - CDP Search User About us Who we are What we do Collaborations Accredited solutions providers Our work Areas of focus Climate Water Forests Plastics Work with us Companies Supply chain Public authorities Cities Investors Private markets Governments States and Regions Banks and sustainable finance Why disclose? As a city As a company As a state or region As a public authority Become a member Supply chain Reporter Services Investors Data and insights Research Data Media Blog Guidance & questionnaires Contact Regional websites Global 中国 Europe India 日本 América Latina North America Indonesia Language English Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português 中文 Welcome to CDP's global website Please select the site for your country / region to view the most suitable information 中国 Europe América Latina India 日本 UK North America Indonesia Stay on global Guidance & questionnaires Contact Regional websites Global 中国 Europe India 日本 América Latina North America Indonesia Language English Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português 中文 CDP More... Less... Search User Sign in Menu About us Our work Why disclose? Become a member Data and insights Areas of focus Climate Water Forests Plastics Work with us Companies Supply chain Public authorities Cities Investors Private markets Governments States and Regions Banks and sustainable finance As a city As a company As a state or region As a public authority Supply chain Reporter Services Investors Research Data Media Blog Who we are What we do Collaborations Accredited solutions providers We focus investors, companies, cities and governments on building a sustainable economy by measuring and acting on their environmental impact. CDP is a not-for-profit charity that runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. Over the past 20 years we have created a system that has resulted in unparalleled engagement on environmental issues worldwide. Find out more about how we work. Highlights Corporate Environmental Action Tracker Discover what progress companies are making to reduce GHG emissions. Find out more Stories of Change 2023 Explore examples of environmental action from major companies. Find out more CDP’s new integrated questionnaire In 2024, organizations will be able to respond across multiple themes with one submission. Find out more The A List 2023 See which companies have scored an A for their leadership in environmental transparency and performance on climate change, deforestation and water security. Find out more Our vision is for a thriving economy that works for people and planet in the long term. Find out how we're pushing harder than ever to accelerate the rate of change The work of CDP is crucial to the success of global business in the 21st century... helping persuade companies throughout the world to measure, manage, disclose and ultimately reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. No other organization is gathering this type of corporate climate change data and providing it to the marketplace Ban Ki-moon, Former Secretary General, United Nations News and events For a list of all our upcoming events please visit our events page. Content for All Cities Companies Governments Investors Media Supply chain Content type All Blog Case study Events & webinars Press coverage Policy briefing Press release Report Recorded webinars Region Global Asia Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Topic All Climate Forests Water 12 Mar 2024 CDP's Dr Sue Armstrong Brown, Director of Thought leadership alongside a panel of experts will be discussing Navigating net zero: Are policy signals and/or market demand for green products and services sufficient to drive investment in industrial decarbonization at the pace necessary? What do businesses want from policymakers and vice versa? What role will international collaboration play in delivering global decarbonization targets and how can multinational companies and national governments foster greener supply chains? How is the energy transition reshaping job markets and how are government and industry leaders plugging the green skills gap? Speakers Sue Armstrong-Brown, Director of Thought Leadership, CDP Event details Stories of Change: how our Accredited Solutions Providers can help you take powerful action CDP Partnerships Team - March 01 2024 Thanks to their experience and breadth of sector and industry knowledge, CDP’s Accredited Solutions Providers can assist in designing and implementing the transformational change necessary to establish a genuinely sustainable future for people and planet. Global 6 impressive actions companies in North America are taking to confront the climate crisis Megan Goodman, Associate Director, Reporter Services, CDP North America - February 15 2024 Each year the CDP A List raises the bar for environmental best practice, featuring companies that are in the vanguard. North America Load more Join our mailing list CDP is a global organization, with regional offices and local partners spanning 50 countries. There are now companies, cities, states and regions from over 90 countries that disclose to CDP. Search and view company and city responses Cyber Essentials Certified Jump to... Still need help? Contact us. © 2024 CDP WorldwideRegistered Charity no. 1122330VAT registration no: 923257921A company limited by guarantee registered in England no. 05013650 Accredited solutions providers Offices Staff Trustees, board and advisors Cookies Privacy Terms & Conditions Careers LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Vimeo We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By continuing to use our site you accept our use of cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy for details.