Weston Ruter - Building a Better Web Skip to the content Search Weston RuterBuilding a Better Web Menu About @westonruter GitHub Contact Search Search for: Close search Close Menu About @westonruter GitHub Contact Mastodon Twitter Facebook Linkedin GitHub WordPress.org Profile Categories Coding Running PHPUnit Automatically During Development Post author By Weston Ruter Post date January 12, 2024 No Comments on Running PHPUnit Automatically During Development Recently I’ve been working on writing unit tests for a new module for the Performance Lab plugin. I realized my workflow was not particularly refined: I kept making a change to the codebase and then switching over to the terminal to re-run PHPUnit by hitting ↑ and Enter. I figured this should be done automatically […] Categories WordPress Running the WordPress Plugin Directory Slurper Post author By Weston Ruter Post date July 1, 2023 3 Comments on Running the WordPress Plugin Directory Slurper Photo by cottonbro studio on Pexels.com As part of my work on the WordPress Core Performance Team, I need to do analyses on the plugins in the WordPress Plugin Directory. For example, in WordPress 6.3 we’re finally shipping first-party support for adding async and defer to scripts (a 13-year old ticket). In this case, the excellent WordPress Directory Searcher (WPdirectory) is […] Categories WordPress Comparing Markup with PHPUnit Post author By Weston Ruter Post date July 1, 2023 No Comments on Comparing Markup with PHPUnit Photo by Pixabay on Pexels.com For the upcoming WordPress 6.3 release, I’ve been contributing to the introduction of script loading strategies (i.e. the async and defer attributes). In the WP_Scripts class, all of the script tags are manually assembled with printf() & sprintf(), and as part of that work I wanted to start making use of helper functions that assemble […] Tags php Categories Technology Twitter Account Locked Post author By Weston Ruter Post date December 1, 2022 3 Comments on Twitter Account Locked Photo by Pixabay on Pexels.com Update: After more than three weeks, my account was unlocked. A few days ago, National Weather Service Portland tweeted: I replied: @NWSPortland Don’t forget graupel! BTW, I caught something frozen falling this afternoon in downtown. I also included a video of frozen precipitation bouncing off of a window ledge downtown. Now, if you don’t know: […] Categories Coding Sandboxing with Partytown Post author By Weston Ruter Post date November 30, 2022 2 Comments on Sandboxing with Partytown Photo by Kanhaiya Sharma on Pexels.com Partytown is a “library to help relocate resource intensive scripts into a web worker, and off of the main thread. Its goal is to help speed up sites by dedicating the main thread to your code, and offloading third-party scripts to a web worker.” Code running in a worker runs in a separate thread, ensuring […] Categories Coding Auto nvm use Post author By Weston Ruter Post date May 19, 2022 4 Comments on Auto nvm use I use nvm to manage my version of node which makes it easy to use the right version of node for specific projects. What has annoyed me with nvm is opening up a directory in terminal and running npm only to get: I’d have to remember to run nvm install after navigating to a project […] Categories Photography Sun Rising Behind Mount Hood: A 16-Year Journey Post author By Weston Ruter Post date February 23, 2022 No Comments on Sun Rising Behind Mount Hood: A 16-Year Journey I used to go up to Rocky Butte often to watch the sunrise. One time I was up there and the sun rose very close to Mount Hood. That was February 11th, 2006. Ever since then I’ve wanted to try to capture the sun rising directly behind the mountain and to see the shadow that […] Categories Coding Unexpected Handling of Element IDs in PHP DOM Post author By Weston Ruter Post date November 19, 2021 No Comments on Unexpected Handling of Element IDs in PHP DOM tl;dr: In PHP, make sure you remove the id attribute from a DOM element before you try to use the same id on another DOM element, even if the you already removed the first element from the document. This is not the case in browser DOM. I stumbled across something really bizarre in PHP’s document […] Tags dom, php Categories Linguistics [Speaking Foreign Language] Post author By Weston Ruter Post date January 20, 2021 1 Comment on [Speaking Foreign Language] During the inauguration of President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris today, Jennifer Lopez performed “This Land Is Your Land”. I usually watch everything with closed captions turned on so I don’t miss anything, but if I didn’t speak Spanish the subtitles wouldn’t have helped. During her performance the subtitles included something truly ironic. […] Categories History History Advocates for Wearing Masks during a Pandemic Post author By Weston Ruter Post date November 3, 2020 2 Comments on History Advocates for Wearing Masks during a Pandemic Twitter surfaced a tweet to me which had some newspaper clippings during the 1918 flu pandemic (aka “Spanish Flu”): The tweet didn’t cite the sources, but the clipping mentioning Portland jumped out at me since that’s my home. To find the source I googled for [“wearing masks in portland might save a life. it might […] Tags COVID-19, pandemic Posts navigation ← Newer Posts1 2 … 7 Older Posts → Mastodon Twitter Facebook Linkedin GitHub WordPress.org Profile Subscribe by Email Get new posts in your inbox. Email Address Subscribe PGP/GPG public key. Happily hosted on Pantheon. I'm newly on Mastodon. © 2024 Weston Ruter Powered by WordPress To the top ↑ Up ↑