Home - Instructure Community Products Canvas Canvas LMS Canvas Mobile Canvas Studio Canvas Catalog Canvas Credentials Canvas Student ePortfolios Canvas Student Pathways Canvas Commons Canvas Network Mastery Mastery Connect Mastery Item Bank Mastery Item Bank Supplemental Elevate Elevate K-12 Analytics Elevate Data Quality Elevate Data Sync Impact Impact LearnPlatform LearnPlatform Community Resources Community Guides Community Hub Product Blog Product Roadmap All Groups and Hubs Learn about Community Groups Groups and Hubs Community Hub Feature User Groups Accessibility Artificial Intelligence in Education Canvas Admins Canvas Higher Ed Users Canvas Instructors Canvas Instructional Designers Canvas K-12 Users Data and Analytics Developers Free for Teachers Users Global Customer Success New Quizzes Hub Privacy Group Language Groups 繁體中文 (Chinese) Danske (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Français (French) Deutsch (German) Italiano (Italian) Norsk (Norwegian) Português (Portuguese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Cymreig (Welsh) Community Resources Community Guides Community Hub Product Blog Product Roadmap All Groups and Hubs Learn about Community Explore Community Hub Community Weekly Highlights Partners Product Roadmaps The Product Blog Known Issues Instructure Brand Hub Instructional Design Services Professional Learning Services Strategic Consulting Services Instructure Live Conferences Instructurecon 2024 InstructureCast Community Resources Community Guides Community Hub Product Blog Product Roadmap All Groups and Hubs Learn about Community Learn about Community Sign In You're signed out Sign in to ask questions, follow content, and engage with the Community Sign In Welcome to the Instructure Community! Search for product guides, answers, blogs, release notes, and more: cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Show only | Search instead for Did you mean: Sign up or log in to participate 2,084,879 members 472,346 posts 3,638 online Need Help Signing In? See what's happening in the Community Read the lastest Community news and updates. Be informed about updates from our product teams. Catch up on trending discussions. Community Weekly Highlights Instructure Community Weekly Highlights (February 27- March 4, 2024) Posted: yesterday Instructure Community Weekly Highlights (February 20-26, 2024) Posted: a week ago Instructure Community Weekly Highlights (Feb 13-19, 2024) Posted: 02-20-2024 Read More The Product Blog Dive into the Discussion Redesign with Our New Video! Posted: yesterday Embarking on Change: Legacy Canvas Credentials LTI Phased Sunset Posted: yesterday Elevating the Impact Mobile Experience Posted: Thursday Read More Community Users Blog Community Updates 2024-02-29: Canvas LMS Question Forum Redesign Posted: Thursday Community Updates 2024-01-29: Canvas Release Notes Posted: 01-29-2024 New Year, New Role Posted: 01-10-2024 Read More Latest Activity Popular Topics Featured Posts Show Previous Re: Problems with receiving attachments in e-mails through Canvas Hi @AnastassiaZ Remember, the Canvas Inbox is not the same as your email in Outlook, even if you have Canvas Inbox messages send notifications to your Outlook email. If you are creating a message dir... Posted by: mzimmerman (Community Contributor) 20m ago Canvas Question Forum 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Is there a dark mode on Canvas As a low vision person and a teacher that uses canvas in my university, Canvas has remarkable erros using Dak Reader. I use Dark Reader since many years, and it used to work almost perfect.If Canvas i... Posted by: jaumetet (Community Novice) 29m ago Canvas Question Forum 1 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: Create an assignment using the Google Assignments LTI 1.3 (Instructor) What is the purpose of this campaign? This Walkthrough campaign aims to guide Instructors through the process of creating a new assignment utilizing the Google Assignments LTI 1.3. You can preview the... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 42m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews Canvas Walkthrough 0 Likes 0 Replies Convert Google Drive Cloud Assignment to Google Assignments LTI 1.3 What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this campaign is to guide Instructors through the process of converting Google Drive Cloud Assignment to Google Assignments LTI 1.3 Tool categori... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 43m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews Canvas Walkthrough 0 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: Submit a Google Assignments LTI 1.3 file as an assignment submission (Students) What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this campaign is to empower students to use and submit Google Assignments LTI 1.3 files as Canvas Assignment, on Assignments using Google LTI 1.3 a... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 44m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews Canvas Students Walkthrough 0 Likes 0 Replies Submit a Google Assignments LTI 1.3 file as Canvas Assignment (External Tool) What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this campaign is to empower students to use and submit Google Assignments LTI 1.3 files as Canvas Assignment, on Assignments using Google LTI 1.3... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 45m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews 0 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: How to add a file from Google Drive (LTI 1.3) to a module in Canvas What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this walkthrough campaign is to guide Instructors through the process of adding a file from Google Drive (LTI 1.3) to a module in Canvas. Tool ca... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 46m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Problem with dap 1.0.0 schema synchronization Hey @ColinMurtaugh, unfortunately even with your requirements.txt verbatim I'm still getting "Error: PythonPipBuilder:ResolveDependencies - Unable to retrieve name/version for package: pysqlsync-dev."... Posted by: jwals (Community Explorer) 46m ago Data and Analytics Group 0 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: Sign up for a Scheduler appointment in the Calendar (Observer) What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this walkthrough is to guide observers through the process of signing up for appointment. Note: This walkthrough is applicable once you have enabl... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 52m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews Canvas Walkthrough 0 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: Migrate a Canvas quiz to New Quizzes What is the purpose of this campaign? The aim of this walkthrough is to guide instructors through the process of migrating Classic Quizzes to New Quizzes. Note: This Walkthrough applies to institution... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 53m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews Canvas Walkthrough 0 Likes 0 Replies Enrolling error I have a published course that I am trying to enroll students in, however when I enroll students it says Canvas cannot send enrollment emails to students because the course is not published. I have ve... Posted by: MarizaydaTorres (Community Novice) 54m ago Canvas Question Forum Admin Instructional Designer Instructor Student 0 Likes 0 Replies Walkthrough: Bulk Migrate Existing Quizzes as New Quizzes (Course Import Tool) What is the purpose of this campaign? The purpose of this walkthrough is to guide instructors through the process of bulk migrating existing Quizzes as New Quizzes by using the Course Import Tool Note... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 54m ago Impact Campaign Template Previews 0 Likes 0 Replies Canvas Developers Group - June Meet Up The Canvas Developers Group is gathering to meet some fellow developers of Canvas customizations and external tool integrations. Discuss projects you're working on, success stories of past projects, ... Posted by: chriscas (Community Coach) 56m ago Instructure Live Meet-up 0 Likes 0 Replies Online attendance Hi all! We use new analytics for online attendance. It seems it isn't capturing records for several students across multiple grade levels and classes. It is turned on in all courses, everything seems ... Posted by: DinaDreistadt (Community Novice) 57m ago Canvas Question Forum 0 Likes 0 Replies Canvas Developers Group - May Meet Up The Canvas Developers Group is gathering to meet some fellow developers of Canvas customizations and external tool integrations. Discuss projects you're working on, success stories of past projects, ... Posted by: chriscas (Community Coach) 58m ago Instructure Live Meet-up 0 Likes 0 Replies Canvas Developers Group - April Meet Up The Canvas Developers Group is gathering to meet some fellow developers of Canvas customizations and external tool integrations. Discuss projects you're working on, success stories of past projects, ... Posted by: chriscas (Community Coach) 59m ago Instructure Live Meet-up 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Problem with dap 1.0.0 schema synchronization Hey @jwals -- I'm also using AWS SAM and I'm able to get it to work with a requirements file like: aws-lambda-powertools==2.34.2 # temporary until new version is released: pysqlsync @ https://github.c... Posted by: ColinMurtaugh (Community Champion) an hour ago Data and Analytics Group 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Problem with dap 1.0.0 schema synchronization After upgrading to 1.0, 59 of the tables are failing with what I think is the same error (one example is below). error executing query:\nALTER TABLE \"canvas\".\"assignment_groups\"\nALTER COLUMN \"... Posted by: jwals (Community Explorer) an hour ago Data and Analytics Group 0 Likes 1 Replies Re: Canvas OAuth authentication expecting user login credentials This is expected behavior. A user has to authorize/accept the request before it will send a code. Posted by: JamesSekcienski (Community Contributor) an hour ago Canvas Developers Group 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: DAP Client 1.0.0 change in processing??? I had the same issue and in my Python code I'm checking for the string "table not initialized" in the ValueError exception: ... except ValueError as e: if "table not initialized" in str(e)... Posted by: ColinMurtaugh (Community Champion) an hour ago Data and Analytics Group 1 Likes 0 Replies Re: DAP Client 1.0.0 change in processing??? @ismail_orabi I use MySQL with a BASH script, so I don't know if this is possible for your setup. Instead of relying on dap to fail, I queried the database through the command line to see if the tabl... Posted by: James (Community Champion) an hour ago Data and Analytics Group 1 Likes 0 Replies Administrator Assignment Looking for a fail-safe solution for an Attendance Verification Assignment which must be completed by every student and which is consistent in each class in our system. Is it possible for an administr... Posted by: LoriBowden (Community Member) 2 hours ago Canvas Question Forum 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Adding Edit History to Discussion Redesign @rupchurch1 - It is odd that you see the Edited note but not the View History link. Make sure you enable the course feature option titled "Discussions/Announcements Redesign". Also, the View History l... Posted by: JenMurphyA (Community Team) 2 hours ago The Product Blog 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Dive into the Discussion Redesign with Our New Video! Hello, @SamGarza1, the quick overview video and handout are both helpful resources that we can share with faculty to help them transition to the new UI, so thanks to you and the Instructure team for c... Posted by: llamm2 (Community Explorer) 2 hours ago Discussions/Announcements Redesign 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: How do you change E-mail account under Canvas Badges in case you do not work for that Organizati... Great, thank you, that worked. Posted by: leo_satara (Community Explorer) 2 hours ago Canvas Credentials/Badges Discussion 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: [Accessibility] Transcripts of Video Captions - Status changed to: New Posted by: KristinL (Community Team) 2 hours ago Canvas Ideas 0 Likes 0 Replies Partner Listing: Compilatio Plagiarism and AI Content Detector Our mission: Promote authenticity and academic integrity in education, by preventing plagiarism and detecting similarities, AI content and academic misconduct more generally. Posted by: compilatio (Partner) 2 hours ago Partner Listings Academic Integrity Advising &amp; Student Support APAC Artificial Intelligence (AI) Assessment Management System... EMEA LATAM North America Services - Content Services 0 Likes 0 Replies Introducing Google Assignments LTI 1.3. Integration to Canvas Google Assignments Learning Tool Interoperability (LTI) 1.3 has replaced legacy Google Apps LTI integration to streamline learning and teaching processes, enhance collaboration, and improve user exper... Posted by: EleniBalaska_ (Community Team) 2 hours ago Impact Blog Campaigns 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Multiple choice answer formatting That's a brilliant point. Many students tend to scroll down on tiny screens to find answer choices. This is especially true when dealing with content like images of correct food chains/webs, data tabl... Posted by: LaMercer (Community Novice) 2 hours ago Canvas Question Forum 0 Likes 0 Replies Re: Power Automate to post CSV files to the API? Hi @GC13, In my experience, the "malformed CSV" error message indicates a true incompatibility of your CSV file with Canvas. I would try things like the following: Is the CSV file verified to be encod... Posted by: sendres (Community Participant) 2 hours ago Canvas Developers Group 0 Likes 0 Replies Show More Show Previous Where do I find my institution's URL to access Canvas? You can access Canvas through an institution-specific Canvas URL, your school's website, or a Canvas Mobile app. Learn more about computer and browser requirements for Canvas, accessib... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Canvas Basics Guide 78 Likes 0 Replies Logging into Canvas If you cannot log in to Canvas, try using the steps below to log in to your account. If your account is associated with a Free-for-Teacher account, view more information about Logging i... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Troubleshooting 44 Likes 0 Replies What are the browser and computer requirements for Instructure products? For best performance, Instructure products should be used on the current or previous major releases of Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari. Because Instructure products are built using web... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Canvas Basics Guide 341 Likes 49 Replies Pairing Codes - FAQ This document answers some of the most common questions about using pairing codes in Canvas. This document includes some of the most frequently asked questions about pairing codes, organized by user ... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 09-11-2020 Canvas Resource Documents 0 Likes 9 Replies How do I manage my Canvas notification settings as a student? Canvas includes a set of default notification settings you can receive for your courses. However, you can change the default settings by setting your own notification settings. These se... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 258 Likes 10 Replies Canvas Overview (Students) In this video, you will learn about your Canvas Dashboard and Global Navigation links. You’ll also learn about navigating a course and accessing assignments. Last updated 2023-06-01 View the script ... Posted by: CanvasDocTeam (Community Team) 03-30-2015 Video Guide 333 Likes 0 Replies How do I reply to a discussion as a student? You can easily reply to any discussion. However, the reply option may vary depending upon how your instructor set up the discussion. Discussion replies can be edited or deleted, as long... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 219 Likes 41 Replies How do I submit an online assignment? You can submit online assignments in Canvas using several submission types. Instructors can choose what kind of online submissions they want you to use. You may also have the option to ... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 178 Likes 28 Replies Archiving Content to Improve Searches To better help you and your fellow Community members find relevant and current content, our first archive in the Question Forums will take place in the coming weeks. The Community Team initially plann... Posted by: KristinL (Community Team) 08-03-2022 Community Blog Community Team Community Updates 5 Likes 29 Replies How do I submit a peer review to an assignment? Your instructor may require you to submit a peer review of another student's assignment. To complete the assignment, you must review the student's assignment and add a comment in the co... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 89 Likes 1 Replies How do I upload a file as an assignment submission in Canvas? If your instructor allows file uploads as a submission type, you can upload a file from your computer as an assignment submission. Canvas converts specific file types as previews and su... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 7 Likes 25 Replies Assignment Submissions (Students) In this video, you will learn about the different ways you can submit assignments in Canvas.Last updated 2021-04-14 View the script for this video To view subtitles for this video, click the butto... Posted by: CanvasDocTeam (Community Team) 03-30-2015 Video Guide 45 Likes 7 Replies How do I add a profile picture in my user account as a student? If your institution has enabled profile pictures, you can add and change profile pictures in your account. If you do not see a placeholder picture in your user settings, your institutio... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 76 Likes 5 Replies How do I generate a pairing code for an observer as a student? As a student, you can generate a pairing code to link an observer to your Canvas account. You must create a separate pairing code for each observer who wants to link to your account. Fo... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 39 Likes 3 Replies How do I embed an image in a discussion reply as a student? You can embed an image file directly into discussion replies using the image icon. Images can be embedded from the web, or your Canvas user files. If a change is made to the source of y... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 60 Likes 8 Replies How do I edit my profile in my user account as a student? Some institutions may enable a feature in Canvas called Profiles. Profiles allows you to update your name, preferred contact methods, and any personal links for your account. Your profi... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 111 Likes 8 Replies How do I sign up for a Canvas account with a join code or secret URL as a student? If you do not already have a Canvas account, you need to create an account before you can log in to Canvas. If you are using Canvas through your institution, you will most likely alread... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 43 Likes 1 Replies How do I view annotation feedback comments from my instructor directly in my assignment submission? Your instructor may choose to include comments directly in an assignment submission using inline comments, or annotations. If an assignment's submission details page includes a View Fee... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 105 Likes 0 Replies How do I join a group as a student? You can sign up for a group in your course if your instructor has enabled the self sign-up option. Note: If your instructor has disabled the People link in Course Navigation, you cannot... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 89 Likes 0 Replies How do I view the rubric for my graded discussion? Your instructor may include a rubric as part of a graded discussion. The rubric is a set of criteria that your instructor will use to grade your discussion. Before submitting your discu... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Student Guide 121 Likes 12 Replies Show More Show Previous Community Updates 2024-02-29: Canvas LMS Question Forum Redesign We’ve updated the Canvas LMS Question Forum user interface to provide easier access to answered and unanswered questions, upgraded the question feeds to match the new design throughout the Community, ... Posted by: nathanatkinson (Community Team) Thursday Community Blog Community News Community Updates 2 Likes 0 Replies Community Updates 2024-01-05: Badges! We updated the Instructure Community gamification structure with a brand new set of badges. The badges represent actions you take in and the value you add to the Instructure Community. The new badges ... Posted by: nathanatkinson (Community Team) 01-05-2024 Community Blog Community News Community Updates 12 Likes 4 Replies Celebrating 2 Million Strong It's official! Instructure's Community is now celebrating the remarkable journey to 2 million members. With each click, each post, and each interaction, this Community is building a brighter future fo... Posted by: KristinL (Community Team) 11-10-2023 Community Blog Community Love Community News 9 Likes 0 Replies 2 Million Members, Holy Panda! 🎉 2 Million Members, Holy Panda! This Community continues to impress and excite us with every new season! We truly have shared so many fond memories and experiences during the last 10 years! We ask memb... Posted by: Renee_Carney (Community Team) 11-08-2023 Community Blog Community Love Community News 90 Likes 13 Replies Getting Started As a Canvas Admin New to the role of a Canvas Admin or just need a refresher on go-to resources? Check out the latest blog post for more information! Posted by: DanielleLentz (Instructure) 08-11-2023 Canvas Admin Blog Canvas Admins Checklists Getting Started 1 Likes 0 Replies Course Evaluation Checklist v3.0 Canvas Course Evaluation Checklist v3.0 Building Quality Content In this post, we share our newly released Canvas Course Evaluation Checklist version 3.0. This version includes newly added items to su... Posted by: mirandamcintosh (Instructure) 07-24-2023 Canvas Instructional Designer Blog Instructional Design Service... 14 Likes 5 Replies Introducing: Canvas Certified Technical Admin Introducing: Canvas Certified Technical Admin CCTA Now Available for Purchase! What’s Included in This Post?• CCTA is ready to launch!• All about what's included in the CCTA program• How to find out m... Posted by: erin_keefe (Instructure) 02-01-2023 Canvas Admin Blog Canvas Canvas Admin canvas administrator canvas certified educator canvas certified educator pr... 11 Likes 13 Replies Accessibility in Online Course Design Accessibility in Online Course Design What's Included in This Post?• Why Accessibility Matters in Course Design• 7 Pillars of Accessibility• Explore Examples of Content Accessibility Using a Screen Re... Posted by: SašaStojićIto (Instructure) 08-31-2022 Canvas Instructional Designer Blog Instructional Design Service... 7 Likes 4 Replies Canvas Free-for-Teacher FAQ Frequently Asked Questions from our Canvas Free-for-Teacher users Posted by: KevinMeredith (Instructure) 07-07-2022 Free For Teacher Canvas Users 3 Likes 11 Replies What You Wish You Knew as a New Canvas Admin What You Wish You Knew As a New Canvas Admin We're Listening - Tell Us Everything! Are you a Canvas Admin? Have you helped to roll out a small or large-scale implementation and adoption of Canvas?... Posted by: erin_keefe (Instructure) 06-30-2022 Canvas Admin Blog Strategic Consulting Service... 8 Likes 15 Replies Tips and Tricks for Adding New Authentication Methods Don't sweat adding a new authentication method. Here are some tips for adding a new authentication method. Posted by: kyle_cole (Instructure) 04-04-2022 Canvas Admin Blog Authentication 2 Likes 0 Replies Managing Your Canvas Content - March 2022 This month, we will be talking all things content management within Canvas. We all know that package changes, course updates and versioning control can equate to a stressful time for any provider. We’... Posted by: adamwarecs (Instructure) 03-30-2022 Vocational Ed & Training APAC apac vocational education an... user group - vet 0 Likes 1 Replies Open Letter to Instructional Leaders: How to Plan for a Successful Adoption of Canvas This blog is a letter to all of our site-based leaders (principals, assistant principals, instructional leaders). Educational technology helps teachers continue to educate students. How do leaders su... Posted by: KCTesterman (Instructure) 03-23-2022 Instructional Leadership Adoption Instructional Leaders PLC Principal Learning Consultan... Site-Based Leaders Vision 2 Likes 0 Replies Resources from Instructure’s Instructional Design Team Looking for resources to level up your Canvas course? Seeking advice on Canvas best practices and course design? Want some advice from the experts? Our Canvas Instructional Design Team has gathered ... Posted by: NicoleHiers (Instructure) 03-15-2022 Higher Ed Canvas Users 3 Likes 0 Replies Resources from Instructure’s Instructional Design Team Looking for resources to level up your Canvas course? Seeking advice on Canvas best practices and course design? Want some advice from the experts? Our Canvas Instructional Design Team has gathered ... Posted by: NicoleHiers (Instructure) 03-15-2022 K12 Canvas Users 3 Likes 5 Replies New Quizzes Transition Toolkit New Quizzes Transition Toolkit If you’re ready to move, we’re ready to help. New Quizzes can elevate quizzing throughout your institution or school district, providing unparalleled features and fle... Posted by: jbazzelle (Instructure Alumni) 10-07-2021 New Quizzes Resources 38 Likes 0 Replies Ajustes iniciales en un curso y Página de inicio Hola Comunidad! Si eres nuevo en Canvas o estás buscando orientación para realizar los primeros ajustes de tu curso en Canvas y página de inicio, ¡esta publicación es para ti! Cuando comenzamos con la... Posted by: GonzaloCortes (Community Explorer) 09-09-2021 Blog en Español 0 Likes 0 Replies How to Archive Courses via Python NEVER conclude courses! We found this out the hard way. It really creates more problems than it solves and concluding is pretty much the younger evil brother of the delete process. You have been wa... Posted by: lmsstaff (Community Participant) 08-09-2020 Canvas Developers Group Open API 2 Likes 1 Replies Logging into Canvas If you cannot log in to Canvas, try using the steps below to log in to your account. If your account is associated with a Free-for-Teacher account, view more information about Logging i... Posted by: ctitmus (Instructure Alumni) 07-20-2020 Troubleshooting 44 Likes 0 Replies Course Evaluation Checklist v2.0 Canvas Course Evaluation Checklist v2.0 Are you struggling to level up your course design? Have you ever wondered what you’re doing right in your Canvas course? How about what you should improve upo... Posted by: deonne_johnson (Instructure Alumni) 12-21-2019 Canvas Instructional Designer Blog Instructional Design Service... 29 Likes 31 Replies Show More Browse our product guides Read the guides Resources in your native language Browse content in 11 languages Join a Community group Find a group Explore interesting discussions Search discussions Attend or host a live event Explore Instructure Live Ask a question and get help from users around the world Ask & answer questions Join and Host Live Events Join a free live event hosted by employees and other Community members. Host a free event to share your knowledge and engage with users around the world. View All Events Upcoming Events Novedades de la Plataforma Canvas LMS: 2024 🚀 Thu 07 Mar 2024 10:00 AM Canvas Klatch - March 7 Thu 07 Mar 2024 02:00 PM Canvas Klatch - March 13 Wed 13 Mar 2024 11:30 AM Canvas Klatch - March 19 Tue 19 Mar 2024 04:30 PM Community Help View our top guides and resources: Find My Canvas URL Help Logging into Canvas Generate a Pairing Code Canvas Browser and Computer Requirements Change Canvas Notification Settings Submit a Peer Review Assignment To participate in the Instructurer Community, you need to sign up or log in: Sign In cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Show only | Search instead for Did you mean: Reference Community Guidelines Product Roadmap Security Developers Open Source Company Partners Jobs About Us Store Privacy Help Community Help Canvas Guides Mastery Guides Elevate Guides Impact Guides Status Try Canvas Our Story © 2023 Instructure. All rights reserved