Maker Faire | Subscribe Explore Make: Magazine The premier publication of maker projects, skill-building tutorials, in-depth reviews, and inspirational stories, accessible by all ages and skill ranges. Maker Faire A celebration of the Maker Movement, a family-friendly showcase of invention and creativity that gathers together tech enthusiasts, crafters, educators across the globe. Maker Shed A smart collection of books, magazines, electronics kits, robots, microcontrollers, tools, supplies, and more curated by us, the people behind Make: and the Maker Faire. Make: Books Maker-written books designed to inform and delight! Topics such as microcontrollers including Arduino and Raspberry Pi, Drones and 3D Printing, and more. Make: Membership Membership connects and supports the people and projects that shape our future and supports the learning initiatives for the next generation of makers. Learn Maker Updates Read about the latest maker projects, skills, tool reviews and more. Books & Kits Get hands-on with kits, books, and more from the Maker Shed Young Maker Projects Find projects for young makers Watch and Learn Skill builder, project tutorials, and more Experience Magazine Subscribers' Digital Portal Membership Access Make: Community Maker Faire Find a faire. Makerspaces Find a Makerspace near you Participate Organize Start a local Maker Faire Write Share a book or article proposal Listen A podcast from Make: founder, Dale Dougherty Shop Kits, Books, & More Maker Shed, the official store of Make: Make: Magazine Subscribe to the premier DIY magazine today Make: Membership Community access, print, and digital Magazine, and more New 2023 Maker Faire Yearbook See the Faires Check Out the Projects Log In Log Out Subscribe Maker Faire Bay Area 2024 Faire Home Student Days Virtual Maker Shed Start a Community Maker Faire Start a School Maker Faire Upcoming Faires Global Faires Find a Faire Merch Thank you for all who came out and made Maker Faire Bay Area 2023 a huge success! Save Our 2024 Dates, October 11–13 & 18–20, 2024 Sign Up for Updates Join the Maker Community From tech enthusiasts to crafters to homesteaders to scientists to garage tinkerers, Maker Faire is where novices and experts of all ages come together to show what they’ve made and share what they’ve learned. A community built on curiosity, collaboration, and resourcefulness, celebrating the best of the global maker movement. Bay AreaImmerse yourself in imagination and innovation at Maker Faire Bay Area! Check out the magic at our 15th Edition this past October and get updates on next year's event, coming October 11-13 & 18-20 to Mare Island, CA! LEARN MORE ExploreMaker Faire is the Greatest Show (& Tell) on Earth—a family-friendly showcase of invention, creativity, and resourcefulness. It’s a place where people show what they're making and share what they're learning. What do you make? LEARN MORE Upcoming FairesEach year, over 100 independently organized Maker Faires occur globally. Some host many international makers; others showcase a local community. At all, participants come to share, learn, and get inspired. ALL FAIRES Maker Faire at a Glance Humans have always made things and have been showing & telling their stories, ideas, art, and innovations at Maker Faire globally since it launched in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2006. 0 Years 0 Faires 0 Makers 0 Attendees Show & Tell From the pages of Make: magazine find out more about the best of the global maker movement—the makers, projects, workshops, and performances happening at Maker Faires around the world. News from Magazine Maker Faire Bay Area: The Magic Is Back by the Bay Maker Faire Bay Area brings makers together again with a renewed focus and new location. Meet The Maker: Chloe and Aimee Palmer of ChloeSaurusCrafts Meet Chloe and Aimee, the creative force behind ChloeSaurusCrafts! Papa’s Gonna Build You a PancakeBot How food printing became a family affair for PancakeBot creator Miguel Valenzuela. Meilily’s Top Picks From Maker Faire Shenzhen Maker Faire Shenzhen is coming this weekend and we’re super excited. Our very own David Groom is trying his best to get there in time to enjoy it and show us what is happening. Since we’re so far away, we’ve asked Meilily Li – one of the organizers and our good friend at Seeed Studio […] LiveBlog: Maker Faire Orlando 2023 Maker Faire Orlando has just begun! Keep checking this page as we’ll be updating it all weekend with pictures from Maker Faire! Newer stuff will be at the top, so if you want to see it from beginning to end, start at the bottom and work your way up! To find more details about things […] Three Things You Absolutely Have To See At Maker Faire Orlando Here are just three huge reasons you must visit the Orlando Maker Faire. They know what they're doing and it shows! Maker Faire in Your Inbox Subscribe to our bi-monthly newsletter for Maker Faire news from around the world, community updates, projects, makers, and more! We respect and take your privacy seriously. Email SUBMIT I want to celebrate makers. I want to flush them out of the communities and bring them together at events like Maker Faire so they can meet each other and see that they aren't alone, that they can learn from each other and, more importantly, begin to do things that they might not think they can do on their own. Dale Dougherty FOUNDER OF MAKER FAIRE Subscribe & Save Dozens of projects in every issue covering electronics, craft, fabrication, and more Learn tips and skill-building tutorials from experts in the maker community Save over 40% off the annual cover price for a full year (4 issues) of Make: SUBSCRIBE TO MAKE: MAGAZINE Publishers of Magazine Producers of About us Our team Advertise with us Help Center Contact us Support Make: Find a Maker Faire Manage Magazine Subscription Make: Maker Faire: ©2023 Make Community LLC. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Special Pinterest-only offer!One year of Make: Magazine for just $19.99 Cookie Settings We use cookies to continuously improve our websites for you and optimize its design and customization. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Configure Accept Our websites use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Some of these are essential for the basic functionalities of our websites. In addition, we use third-party cookies to help us analyze and understand usage. These will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out. Your choice here will be recorded for all Make.co Websites. Allow Non-Necessary Cookies Allow Non-Necessary Cookies Accept Stay updated on Maker Faire News! Full Name Phone Email Send