MEL Magazine | Guy Culture, Health, Sex, Style, Food, Movies and TV Menu Search Search… Search + MEL Magazine Close MEL Magazine Search Search… Search Culture Entertainment Health Relationships Money Food Wellness Video NSFW Oral History True Crime Rankings Dicks MEL Magazine Facebook Twitter Instagram About Privacy Press General Contact © 2024 MEL Magazine Culture Entertainment Health Relationships Money Food Wellness Video NSFW Oral History True Crime Rankings Dicks Culture Digital Culture Policy & Politics Gender LGBTQ Sports Entertainment Movies TV Music Books Gaming Comics Health Physical Health Fitness Mental Health Sexual Health Healthcare Relationships Dating Marriage Friendship Family Pets Money Business Work Debt Personal Finance Food Drink Drugs Wellness Travel Style & Beauty Astrology Self-care Religion Video Deep Dives MEL Films NSFW Sex Porn Tasha Reign Oral History True Crime Rankings Dicks Home Masculinity Studies | Miles Klee Tesla Is Changing How Men Are Jerks Behind the Wheel New research explains how the automaker exploits and influences drivers’ masculinity Style | Andrew Fiouzi The USA Mullet Champ Is Winning at Everything Else in Life, Too Clint Duncan spent his quarantine growing out what has become the most glorious mullet in the country. It’s also done nothing but change his life for the better Relationships | Magdalene Taylor The Happy Little Househusbands of TikTok TikTok isn’t kind to housewives, but househusbands are overwhelmed with compliments and adoration. Is their domestic glee really about ‘ending the patriarchy,’ or is there something else at play? Movies | Tim Grierson The Incredible True Story of the 30-Year-Old Who Conned a High School into Believing He Was 16 ‘My Old School’ documentarian Jono McLeod discusses being an eyewitness to one of Scotland’s greatest hoaxes — and why he made a film about the odd not-so-young man everybody in his class thought was a kid named Brandon Lee Relationships | Rax King Our Eternal Horniness for the Camp Counselor They’re the perfect mix of authority and untouchability. They’re effortlessly tan. And they will forever be your unrequited love Fitness | Ian Douglass A Very Waistful History of Hulk Hogan’s Ever-Present Weightlifting Belts No matter the heights the Hulkster’s soared or the depths he sunk, one thing was always at his literal side — his trusty leather weightlifting belt Dispatches from the Manosphere | Eddie Kim The Tall Tale of the White Incel King of Thailand When a young man bragged on an incel forum that he had gone to Thailand and had sex with many women, the reaction sparked a debate over whether the poster was a blackpilled folk hero, or a fakecel desperate for attention from other lonely men Digital Culture | Quinn Myers The Guys Who Took Their Paychecks in Crypto Are Feeling the Burn They thought it would be the ticket to a better life, instead the crypto crash has left them in financial ruin POPULAR Determining the ABV of the Most Beloved Cartoon Beers My Night at the Metaverse’s Seediest Strip Clubs The Beta Men Who Gleefully Do Women’s Homework for Free The Internet Sleuths Obsessively Tracking the Superyachts of Russian Oligarchs My Very Romantic, Totally Normal ‘American Psycho’ Dinner for Two Recent Booze | Quinn Myers Here’s What Qualifies a Beer Garden as a Beer Garden It seems like every bar these days claims to have a ‘beer garden,’ but a few lawn chairs and plastic cups won’t fool me Porn | Magdalene Taylor ‘Caption Porn’ Is the New Big Porn Genre Porn used to be a mostly visual medium, but the rise of captions that go along with it have allowed people to project their filthiest fantasies onto almost anything Digital Culture | Miles Klee Nobody Is Making You Order Toxic Novelty Food Off the Internet Between TikTok’s ‘Pink Sauce’ drama and Daily Harvest’s poisonous lentils, maybe it’s best to stick to the supermarket Best of MEL Health | Quinn Myers Fox News Convinced Them COVID Was Fake. Then They Got Sick. ‘I have no doubt that President Trump and Fox News have caused people to die.’ This is what it’s like to lose your dad twice — first to Rush Limbaugh, then to the ICU as he battles a disease he believes is a hoax Style | Isabelle Kohn The Afterlife of the Male Model What happens to young men when they quit the modeling industry? While some exit the business gracefully, others take a nose dive, only to find salvation at the Cheesecake Factory Culture | Desi Jedeikin The Wild Ride of America’s Most Dangerous Theme Park Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Action Park — unofficially known as Class Action Park, Traction Park and Accident Park — was ‘Lord of the Flies’ with a Jersey twist and a higher death count Racial Justice Race | Zaron Burnett III Every Plantation in the Country Should Be Turned Into a Slavery Museum Today, they’re either tourist traps or the backdrop for weddings. But like Auschwitz and the sites of other concentration camps in Europe, they need to serve a much bigger purpose — making sure that America never forgets the horror of slavery. Race | Zaron Burnett III The Only Thing Rap Lyrics Will Prove in Court Is Racism Young Thug is the latest example of how prosecutors are using rappers’ lyrics as criminal evidence against them in courtrooms across America. The tactic, which is not used with any other art forms or types of music, is a clear case of a racist legal system Movies | Miles Klee There’s No Bigger Loser Than a Racist ‘Star Wars’ Fan Anyone harassing Black actors for joining the franchise is in desperate need of an actual life Style Style | Andrew Fiouzi Why We Want to Be Buried in Our Shredded Vans The more time you spend in them, they don’t just grow more comfortable, but they reflect all of the places you’ve been Style | Miles Klee Nathan Fielder Is a Fashion King With ‘The Rehearsal,’ the comedian continues his awesome experiments in style Style | Brit Dawson ‘It Looks Like a Disco Ball!’ A Short, Strange History of Vajazzling When it comes to weird 2010s trends, little can compare to the perplexing, dazzling art of vajazzling. But how, exactly, did we become so taken with this resplendent pubic decor? The Manosphere Dispatches from the Manosphere | Miles Klee Have ‘Women Going Their Own Way’ Found the Right Path? Unlike their MGTOW counterparts, they never devolved into a hate forum — and some of them are thriving Dispatches from the Manosphere | Miles Klee The Manosphere Is Curiously Split on Roe v. Wade MGTOWs, MRAs and even some incels are against overturning abortion rights Dispatches from the Manosphere | Eddie Kim This Week, Two Women in Two Different Countries Were Murdered on Their College Campuses in Broad Daylight Iman Rashid was shot to death in Jordan yesterday. Just days earlier, Nayera Ashraf was killed in Egypt by a man whose advances she had rejected. Both instances have caused an uproar over misogynist violence in the region — but such killings aren’t unique to one culture or place Entertainment Movies | Tim Grierson We Have Exactly a Year to Shut Down the ‘Barbie’ vs. ‘Oppenheimer’ Wars Greta Gerwig and Christopher Nolan will both be putting out highly anticipated movies on July 21, 2023. Already, fans aren’t just debating what film they’re more excited to see — they’re arguing over which kind of film is more worthwhile. It’s the latest salvo in an ongoing, exhausting discourse wrapped up in assumptions about gender and art Movies | Tim Grierson In ‘Nope,’ Aliens Are the Least of Our Problems Jordan Peele, the man who gave us ‘Get Out,’ continues to use horror as a means to talk about how everyday American life is frightening enough — even when extraterrestrials may be coming for a visit Movies | Tim Grierson ‘I’d Buy That for a Dollar!’ Encompasses Everything That’s Brilliant About ‘RoboCop’ The ironically idiotic catchphrase has become a shorthand for a movie, about ready to celebrate its 35th anniversary, that satirizes our distracted, dumbed-down, consumerist society LGBTQ Dicks | Kate Sloan The Ins and Outs of Christina Aguilera’s Humongous Pride Dildo At last weekend’s L.A. Pride, the singer wore a honkin’ green sparkly dong during her performance, quite literally rocking out with her cock out Digital Culture | Miles Klee These Collectors Used American Girl Dolls for a Homophobic Hate Campaign The coordinated Instagram posts were part of a broader anti-LGBTQ effort to ‘reclaim the rainbow’ Dispatches from the Manosphere | Miles Klee Anti-LGBTQ Backlash Is Starting to Sound Like ‘Gay Replacement Theory’ An uptick in people identifying as queer or trans has doubters claiming ‘social contagion’ Follow @WEAREMEL Tweets by WeAreMel Health Health | Eddie Kim What Happens If Your Doctor Is an Abortion Snitch? As Roe falls, pregnant people are wrangling with the threat of health-care professionals turning them over to the authorities for seeking an abortion Health | Lauren Vinopal Why a Day at the Beach Turns Men into Insatiable Bears It’s not you. A new study says that it’s the sun that makes you want that second hamburger, fourth hog dog and sixth bag of chips Health | Ian Douglass If I Leave Food Out for Too Long, Can I Avoid Food Poisoning By Nuking the Hell Out of It? How could I ever get sick if I’ve annihilated every last piece of bacteria? POPULAR This Is What the Pros Do to Ejaculate Really Far The Guys on a Mission to Fact-Check the Size of Every Porn Star’s Penis What It Feels Like When a Penis Nuts Inside You The Legend of Horst Schultz, the World’s Most Famous Long-Distance Ejaculator The Best Lubes for Solo Sex Digital Culture | Miles Klee Unhinged ‘Transvestigators’ Think They’re the Only Cis People Left Once you buy into their hateful conspiracy theory, you’ll turn against anyone Relationships Relationships | Magdalene Taylor You Should Be Grateful Your Girl Washes Her Vulva in Your Bathroom Before Sex We’re not using your old Nike socks like a new meme implies, but yeah, every now and then, we freshen up with whatever soap you’ve got lying around. And if it makes us smell like pomegranate Dial, so be it Relationships | Quinn Myers What Is It About Bedding That Men Can’t Stand to Wash? While a majority of single women wash their sheets every two weeks, most single men say theirs hit the laundry every four months. What is going on here? Relationships | Lauren Vinopal Don’t Give Good Advice. Just Give a Lot of It A new study found that the quality of advice doesn’t matter nearly as much to recipients as the quantity of it Life in a Pandemic True Crime | Zaron Burnett III All the Luxury Items PPP Scammers Bought with Taxpayer Dollars Not everyone who received pandemic relief through the Paycheck Protection Program was planning to keep businesses afloat through an unprecedented time. Instead, some defrauded the government out of millions and blew it on Lamborghinis and Rolexes Health | Lauren Vinopal Can Low Testosterone Make You More Susceptible to Severe COVID Symptoms? The connection between COVID and testosterone has been all over the map since the pandemic began. But a new study may have found some promising answers Mental Health | Andrew Fiouzi For Some People, Face Masks Are Staying on to Cover Their Insecurities ‘I’m an introvert to my core and I love the superpower the mask gives me to feel invisible’ Money Movies | Tim Grierson Billion Dollar Babies: Get to Know the 50 Movies That Have Broken the Billion-Dollar Barrier Now that ‘Top Gun: Maverick’ has joined this exclusive list of mega-moneymakers, we crunch the numbers to figure out what it takes for your movie to be a true blockbuster. (Hint: It helps to have Iron Man in it.) Money | Magdalene Taylor We’re Now in the Dunkinflation Stage Dunkin’ used to be the only place you could get a meal for $5, but now you’re lucky if your coffee alone costs less than seven bucks Mental Health Mental Health | Lauren Vinopal The First Thing You Should Reach for in the Morning Is Sunlight According to Stanford neuroscientist Andrew Huberman, one of the best things we can do for our mental health is to go outside and catch a few rays when we first wake up Mental Health | Lauren Vinopal Diet Coke Is Basically Brain Food, Study Says Scientists suspect that caffeine can boost your cognitive performance and improve tactical decision-making. But unfortunately, the sweet spot may not allow for as much cold brew as you’d hoped Mental Health | Lauren Vinopal Is It Possible to Be Too Tired to Be Stressed? Many people unconsciously cope with stress by exhausting themselves to the point of not caring, but therapists warn that this is far from a sustainable solution POPULAR How Women Really Want You to Cum, According to Science How Big Is a ‘Monster Cock,’ Exactly? The Hottest Porn Scene Ever Made Is 17 Minutes of Crying Who Do You Get Your Penis Size From — Mom or Dad? How Do I Photograph My Dick So It Looks Bigger? Style | Andrew Fiouzi The Outlaws of Grailed These resellers have gotten banned from the app for everything from trying to circumvent fees to knowingly peddling knockoffs Food Food | Quinn Myers What’s the Difference Between Pepperoni and Salami? Just because they’re both delicious logs of meat doesn’t mean they’re not special in their own right Food | Ian Douglass These Are the ‘Healthiest’ Fast-Food French Fries Healthy, of course, is a relative term here, but there is one golden, delicious and micronutrient-deficient fry that stands above all the rest Food | Brian VanHooker I Spent a Day in Manhattan Eating the Rich This week, a popsicle truck set up shop in New York and L.A., offering up the frosty heads of billionaires like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Mark Zuckerberg. I happily chowed down on all of them True Crime True Crime | Zaron Burnett III The Minnesota Cop Who Crashed His Patrol Car into a UFO In 1979, a sheriff’s deputy in rural Minnesota encountered what he could only describe as an unidentified flying object. And no expert, investigator or engineer could ever prove him wrong True Crime | Zaron Burnett III The ‘Overseas General’ Romance Scam That Conned Elderly Women Out of A Million Dollars A 51-year-old Nigerian man convinced numerous widows throughout the U.S. that he was an American general who needed their money to help get him out of the Middle East — and into their arms True Crime | Tim Grierson In ‘Keep Sweet,’ Rachel Dretzin Gives the Horrifying Story of Warren Jeffs a New Perspective: A Woman’s The documentarian talks about what she wanted to avoid while making her hit Netflix series, the strange anti-charisma of this polygamous cult leader and why the future of FLDS should make everyone nervous Oral History Dicks | Brian VanHooker A Deceptively Small Oral History of ‘Shrinkage,’ the Perfect Seinfeldian Word Before ‘Seinfeld,’ there was no English word to describe what happens to your junk in cold air and water. But after it first appeared in a 1994 episode, the world couldn’t get enough of that frightened turtle Movies | Brian VanHooker Pepperoni and Pancake Batter: An Oral History of Pizza the Hutt from ‘Spaceballs’ The makeup effects artist who designed the revolting mob boss from the 1987 Mel Brooks classic, and the guy beneath all those pizza toppings reveal every disgusting trick that went into creating an edible, intergalactic supervillain TV | Brian VanHooker It’s Go Time! An Oral History of Izzy Mandelbaum, Seinfeld’s Octogenarian Macho Man ‘Seinfeld’ writers reflect on the elderly fitness king, one of the greatest characters on the show and the final television role of the iconic Lloyd Bridges More Recent Stories Subscribe to MEL on Apple News info@melindustries.com AboutTermsPrivacyEU Privacy PolicyArticles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made © 2024 MEL MAGAZINE