Imperial War Museums Skip to main content Search Alternatively, search more than 1 million objects from IWM collections Menu Become a Member Main navigation Visit Our Museums Churchill War Rooms IWM Duxford HMS Belfast IWM London IWM North What's On Objects and History Find An Object IWM Collections Stories and Videos War Memorials Register Research Research facilities IWM Institute Family History Resources Learn Learning with IWM Home Learning Hub Learning Resources Professional Development Support Us Join and Support IWM Make a donation Leave a legacy Patrons' programmes Corporate Partners Trusts and Foundations Volunteer Become a Member Search Alternatively, search more than 1 million objects from IWM collections Secondary navigation Donate Shop © IWM MH 26392 Imperial War Museums Indulge your love of learning with a full-day course exploring the life and achievements of Winston Churchill. Book tickets Our Museums London IWM London London Churchill War Rooms Manchester IWM North London HMS Belfast Duxford IWM Duxford What's On Join us for one of our events, from tours and talks to immersive experiences, online and on site. Talks and Tours, Lectures and Discussions IWM Institute Masterclasses: The Holocaust IWM London17 March 2024 Talks and Tours My IWM: James Holland Churchill War Rooms28 May 2024 © IWM Exhibitions and Installations Perspectives: Remembrance IWM NorthOpen Daily Browse all events & exhibitions IWM from home ©IWM History & Videos From the First World War to the present day, explore our articles and videos on war and conflict, and its impact on servicemen and civilians. Browse videos Browse articles © IWM Learning Resources From spies to submarines and life on the Home Front, access unique and personal stories from our extraordinary collections through curriculum based learning videos and downloadable activities. Learn with IWM © IWM IWM Collections Explore over 1 million items that tell the story of modern war and conflict, collected by the museum since 1917. Explore the collection IWM 2024 Tim Hetherington, © IWM DC 64010 A Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy combatant sits beside a hand grenade in Tubmanburg, Liberia. June 2003. Find out more about the rich programme of exhibitions and events that make up IWM's 2024 programme. See the 2024 programme. Support us As a charity, now more than ever IWM needs your support to ensure we can continue to tell personal stories and experiences of conflict for current and future generations to come. Volunteer with IWM At IWM we are extremely proud to be a volunteer involving organisation with over 1000 volunteers across our five sites. Our volunteers help bring to life the stories of our collections, care for our many significant objects and promote great customer experiences. Become an IWM Member Help tell the stories that deserve to be heard by supporting us as a member. Uncover a host of benefits including free standard admission to Churchill War Rooms, HMS Belfast and IWM Duxford. © IWM (ART LD 2750) Donate Now Make a donation to IWM and help us to tell the stories of those affected by conflict, launch our ground-breaking exhibitions and deliver our world-class learning programmes. eNews Learn more about Imperial War Museums and be the first to hear about the latest exhibitions, events and offers. Sign up now and get 10% off online shop purchases. Sign up Our privacy policy Imperial War Museums home Footer About IWM What We Do Our Five Museums Our History IWM Institute Partnerships and Collaborations Press Jobs Commercial Services Image and Film Licensing Brand Licensing Publishing Retail Opportunities Venue Hire Filming and Photography Curator Consultancy Keep In Touch Blog IWM Social Newsletters Contact Us Legal Accessibility Statement Cookies Copyright Privacy Terms of Use © Imperial War Museums 2024