Dentist Kirkland WA | Smiles By Design - Rejuvenating Implant Dentistry Get Directions Book Appointment Call Us Open or Close Menu About Meet Dr. Shawn Keller Meet The Team Smiles By Design Media Our Dental Blog Our Safety Protocols Our Patients Come From City of Redmond, WA City of Seattle, WA City of Kirkland, WA City of Bellevue, WA Outside of Washington State Implant Dentistry Dental Implants Non-Metal Implants Zygomatic Dental Implants Same Day New Smile™ Sedation Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Smile Design Porcelain Veneers Alternative to Dentures Sedation Dentistry Smile Gallery Financing Financing Options Insurance Contact Schedule a Consultation Schedule a Video Consultation For Out-of-State Guests Request an Appointment 425-558-1515 Replace Your Teeth in 24 Hours Get your confidence back. Request an Appointment Book a Virtual Consultation Your Dentist in Kirkland, WA Smiles Are Made Here With Same Day New Smile™. Stop repeating failed dental work Ditch your denture glue for permanent dental implants Replace multiple missing teeth in one visit Eat your favorite foods without discomfort Restore your confidence and youthful appearance Request a Complimentary Consultation Real Patients' Smile Makeovers Are you next? View More Transformations Meet Dr. Shawn Keller The artist and scientist behind your new smile. Dr. Keller is a dental industry leader and the inventor of Same Day New Smile™…Open a new window to learn more…. He combines artistic talents with advanced dental technology and techniques to deliver unmatched results in appearance, function, and quality. He’s also known for: Producing non-surgical facelifts Achieving natural-looking results Detailed treatment planning Whole-health principles Extensive continuing education Exclusive worldwide residencies Using advanced technology Our Kirkland dentist will help you care for your oral and overall health right now and for years to come. Meet Dr. Keller Hear Craig's Story ‘‘Eating became more and more of a problem... To get new teeth in a day like that... It was the right thing to do. Problem: Bad teeth, missing teeth, and difficulty eating Solution: Same Day New Smile™… This text opens a new tab to the Same Day New Smile website… Hear More Patients' Stories Never Hide Your Smile Again Become your best self with Same Day New Smile™. Are you ashamed of your smile’s appearance? Constantly battling failing teeth and dental work? Tired of suffering physically and emotionally? Put an end to your dental trauma. Dr. Keller’s Same Day New Smile™ treatment is similar to All-on-4. It utilizes 4-6 dental implants to permanently secure your new custom-made smile, but it only takes one day. You’ll get your health, confidence, youthful appearance, and happiness back. Your life will be forever changed. Learn More About the Procedure Click to View All Services COSMETIC DENTISTRY: Alternative to Dentures Smile Design Porcelain Veneers Full Mouth Rejuvenation Crowns & Bridges Sedation Dentistry IMPLANT DENTISTRY: Dental Implants Non-Metal Implants Zygomatic Dental Implants Same Day New Smile™… This text opens a new tab to the Same Day New Smile website… Accelerated Healing and Growth Factors BioSmile I can’t stop looking in the mirror. Never in my life could I have dreamed that I would have such a gorgeous smile. My only regret is I wish I would’ve called sooner. Cristi F., 5-Star Google Review I can smile again. I can laugh again. So many friends from various stages of my life are messaging me to say they’ve missed this smile, that it looks incredible and natural, that they can hear my laugh through pictures. Amy B., 5-Star Google Review Never in my life have I been treated with such respect. Never once did I feel judged. I felt compassion, I felt heard, I felt like family. Michelle S., 5-Star Google Review Anyone who has lost hope that you could actually be proud of your smile again, I recommend Dr. Shawn Keller and his staff wholeheartedly Roxann N., 5-Star Google Review I love my new teeth, and I can finally smile in front of anyone with the most confidence I think I've ever had in my life! T M., 5-Star Google Review This was not just a dental procedure, this was a life-altering event for me. Dr. Shawn Keller gave me back my ability to live a full and happy life. Wendy D., 5-Star Google Review Gave me the most beautiful set of teeth that I get compliments on every day. Michael P., 5 Star-Google Review Read More Reviews Getting Started Is Easy Our Kirkland dentist is dedicated to making your smile journey convenient and easy, starting now! Request a Consultation Let’s get to know each other and begin to envision your new smile and life. Complete Form Request a Video Consult Upload photos and notes to receive a personalized video with advice. Book Online Get a Second Opinion Talk to Dr. Keller if you’re unsure about a diagnosis or treatment plan. Request Consult Talk to a Team Member Not sure what you need? Contact our office, and we’ll answer any questions. Call 425-558-1515 Get Directions Financing Options Patient Forms Our Videos Areas Served The best way to improve your health and simultaneo Another beautiful smile for the books! #SameDayN There have been some recent reports of major compl Smile by us! Anna replaced her root canals with be Happy Friday everyone! To help our patients expe Take a look at this phenomenal smile make over! A Load More Posts Follow on Instagram Instagram Page (open in new window) Facebook Page (open in new window) Twitter Page (open in new window) LinkedIn Page (open in new window)Facebook Page (open in new window) YouTube Page (open in new window) Google Maps Page (open in new window) Pinterest Page (open in new window) Our Location Smiles By Design - Rejuvenating Implant Dentistry 830 6th St. South Kirkland, WA 98033 Phone: 425-558-1515 Email: info@shawnkellerdds.com Our Hours Monday: 8:00am - 5:00pm Tuesday: 8:00am - 5:00pm Wednesday: 8:00am - 5:00pm Thursday: 8:00am - 5:00pm Friday: 8:00am - 5:00pm LinksHome Meet Dr. Shawn Keller Our Services Implant Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Smile Gallery Financing Contact Us Blog Stay ConnectedFacebook Page (open in new window)Linkedin Page (open in new window)Twitter Page (open in new window)YouTube Page (open in new window)Google Page (open in new window)Pinterest Page (open in new window)Instagram Page (open in new window) Choose a Language Website Accessibility All rights reserved, Copyright 2024 Smiles By Design - Rejuvenating Implant Dentistry | Privacy policy | Sitemap | HIPPA Notice | Dental Website Design by Roadside Dental Marketing