Kent News & Sport, the latest breaking news from Kent & Medway - Trending Get 2 Months Digital Subscription for ONLY £1! Use code 2FOR1 GET STARTED 2 Months Subscription for ONLY £1! Use code 2FOR1 Sign in Premium login Contact E-editions KMTV Public Notices More Site Web More on KentOnline Contact Subscribe KMTV Family E-editions KMFM Weddings Visit Family Notices Kent Travel news Family KentOnline News you can trust 9°C | 4°C 5 day forecast Tuesday, Mar 05 2024 Find local news Home News Politics Sport Business KMTV What's On Education Directory Jobs E-editions Advertise Property Subscribe Contact Find local news FIND LOCATION Your local news for Kent Ashford Bexley Bromley Canterbury Dartford Deal Dover Faversham Folkestone Gravesend Herne Bay Hythe Maidstone Malling Medway Romney Marsh Sandwich Sevenoaks Isle of Sheppey Sittingbourne Tenterden Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells Weald Whitstable Latest news Kent council leaders urge government not to end hardship fund 3 Five-week-long gas works delayed Nursery goes from ‘inadequate’ to ‘good’ in matter of months KentOnline Sign in Change consent Premium login Navigation Kent Travel News Live News Find local news FIND LOCATION Your local news for Kent Ashford Bexley Bromley Canterbury Dartford Deal Dover Faversham Folkestone Gravesend Herne Bay Hythe Maidstone Malling Medway Romney Marsh Sandwich Sevenoaks Isle of Sheppey Sittingbourne Tenterden Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells Weald Whitstable Latest news Kent council leaders urge government not to end hardship fund 3 Five-week-long gas works delayed Nursery goes from ‘inadequate’ to ‘good’ in matter of months Site Web Home Subscribe Now Serious crash shuts A-road as car overturns and ploughs into lake Drivers are facing lengthy delays on an A-road after a car left the dual carriageway and ploughed into a lake. 5 Play area closed as further landslide leaves town ‘falling apart’ Concerns have been raised for children’s safety after another landslide forced a play area to be cordoned off in the latest incident to hit the town. 18 ‘Council is bang out of order for scrapping my new development’ A developer has branded a council “bang out of order” for dashing his hopes of building a housing estate and medical centre. 25 Dozens of trees cut down on roundabout People have expressed their sadness after dozens of trees were felled as part of a multi-million pound road project. Five arrests after police find suspected stolen fuel inside van Four men and a woman have been arrested after police stopped and searched two vehicles in the early hours of the morning. 57 'We tried going cashless - but customers said they'd never drink here again' Bosses of a popular bar have become the latest business owners in Kent to face a backlash over plans to introduce card-only payments. Kent woman wins £1million on EuroMillions 1 Kent woman wins £1million on EuroMillions A lucky Kent resident, known only as Mrs H, has picked up a life-changing amount of money from playing the National Lottery’s Lucky Dip. BMW driver died after jumping from moving car on M20 BMW driver died after jumping from moving car on M20 A man died after he jumped from his moving car and into the path of a lorry on a busy motorway, an inquest has heard. Mouldy offices to be turned into flats as not one business moves in 14 Mouldy offices to be turned into flats as not one business moves in Empty offices on an industrial estate are to be converted into flats after only one business showed an interest in occupying the space. ‘Violent’ teens jailed after high street stabbing 27 ‘Violent’ teens jailed after high street stabbing A brutal high street stabbing has led to two teenagers being sent to prison after a conversation with a stranger turned violent. National bakery chain to open in empty Patisserie Valerie branch 4 National bakery chain to open in empty Patisserie Valerie branch A national bakery chain is set to move into a former Patisserie Valerie store after its shock closure. Critically endangered animals arrive at Kent wildlife park Critically endangered animals arrive at Kent wildlife park The safari park is now the only place in Kent where you can see Sumatran orangutans, some of the most endangered primates in the world. Music bar set for 'forgotten' part of Kent will 'give local bands a chance' 2 Music bar set for 'forgotten' part of Kent will 'give local bands a chance' Plans have been put in to breathe new life into a once-thriving street that became overlooked Metal flamingo weapon and mass fights among 30 police incidents at bar Metal flamingo weapon and mass fights among 30 police incidents at bar A venue is to have its licence reviewed after dozens of reports to police about violence, disorder and rough door staff in the past 14 months. Attack on cleaner forces closure of public toilets Attack on cleaner forces closure of public toilets A cleaner was reportedly pelted with plastic bottles and cans in a sustained assault forcing a council to close a public toilet early. Man denies murdering pensioner Man denies murdering pensioner A man has denied murdering a pensioner described in online tributes as "a man with a big heart". ‘In ‘97 Blair danced into Downing Street singing ‘Things Can Only Get Better’ – today young people don’t agree’ 5 ‘In ‘97 Blair danced into Downing Street singing ‘Things Can Only Get Better’ – today young people don’t agree’ Young people today think they’ll be worse-off than their parents and not much is being said to convince them otherwise, says our columnist. Tory leader accused of Islamophobia after ‘flippant’ council speech 33 Tory leader accused of Islamophobia after ‘flippant’ council speech An opposition council leader has been accused of Islamophobia after referencing the Taliban during a council meeting. Concerns grow for missing man 2 Concerns grow for missing man Police are becoming worried about the welfare of a missing 33-year-old man who was last seen in a chequered jacket and beige Crocs. Work begins to reopen Kent's oldest theatre 1 Work begins to reopen Kent's oldest theatre The first steps have been taken in a major project to raise the curtain again at one of the country’s oldest theatres. ‘I’m 60 and the sports facilities have been the same since I was a young child’ 2 ‘I’m 60 and the sports facilities have been the same since I was a young child’ Plans for a new sports hub for a rapidly growing town have been axed even though thousands more homes are to be built. Read all Kent news More news Less news Three-year housing battle at ‘songbird stronghold’ comes to an end A long-running saga over plans to build two housing estates next to a rare bird habitat has finally concluded. Charity warns ‘lives could be lost if £1m funding is slashed’ 22 Charity warns ‘lives could be lost if £1m funding is slashed’ Kent’s largest homeless charity has warned “lives could be lost” amid plans to pull £1m of vital funding. Six-mile tailbacks clear after M2 reopens 3 Six-mile tailbacks clear after M2 reopens Traffic has returned to normal after morning commuters were stuck in queues stretching back six miles due to a broken down vehicle on the M2. Here’s what you can get for Kent’s average house price 1 Here’s what you can get for Kent’s average house price The average price for a house in Kent is £383k - but what does that actually get you? Here’s what’s on the market right now… Read all Kent news NATIONAL NEWS Birmingham City Council approves 9.99% council tax hike and ‘unprecedented’ cuts The authority’s leader described the plans as ‘not the budget I entered politics to set’. In pictures: David Beckham poses among stars of The Gentlemen at London premiere Scientists report on ‘hypervaccinated’ man who has had 217 Covid jabs – study Tory peer condemns ‘excusing’ rape in Israel: ‘It’s me too, unless you’re a Jew’ Read all National news Read all sport Read all what's on Empty Adult Education Centre to go under the hammer SPONSORED EDITORIAL Empty Adult Education Centre to go under the hammer SPONSORED EDITORIAL A vacant Adult Education Centre with a guide price of over £400,000 is set to be sold at Clive Emson Land and Property Auctioneers later this month. Make a difference to lives with a career in adult social care SPONSORED EDITORIAL Make a difference to lives with a career in adult social care SPONSORED EDITORIAL The government has announced measures to reaffirm care work as a career and provide new accredited qualifications. Most popular Read Commented Watched 40 Official bid for 300-home estate and secondary school 1 8 ‘Our Michelin-starred restaurant is thriving - but we’re closing and leaving Kent’ 2 30 ‘Bowling alley brawl was a free-for-all – I’ve never seen anything like it!’ 3 97 Mum who caused fatal crash while trying to make phone call spared jail 4 4 'Pubs are closing all over Kent - but business at ours has never been better’ 5 Coming soon: Don't miss our My Mum special this Mother's Day Eat, Drink, Shop Secret Drinker Eat My Words ‘The bar had a good vibe until a Dom Joly wannabe started hollering’ 17 ‘The bar had a good vibe until a Dom Joly wannabe started hollering’ Secret Drinker chills in a boutique hotel bar with three mysterious Moretti drinkers and one extra loud punter McDonald’s reveals extra details ahead of new branch opening 4 McDonald’s reveals extra details ahead of new branch opening The fast food chain has confirmed a number of details ahead of the opening of its new branch at a Kent shopping centre. Kent’s top pub, restaurant, chef and food heroes revealed 6 Kent’s top pub, restaurant, chef and food heroes revealed The 12 winners of the Kent & Medway Food & Drink Awards have been named at a ceremony full of foodie favourites. ‘We want to turn dingy pub into Kent's best sports bar' 5 ‘We want to turn dingy pub into Kent's best sports bar' A new team in charge of a pub once branded “dark and dingy” hope to turn it into Kent’s best sports bar. This year’s tastiest food and drink festivals 4 This year’s tastiest food and drink festivals Feeling hungry? We’ve got some of Kent’s most mouth-watering food festivals that are sure to whet your appetite this year. Last chance to get tickets for historic FA cup tie 5 Last chance to get tickets for historic FA cup tie A football club which is set to play the biggest match in its history in just 48 hours has announced a number of tickets are suddenly up-for-grabs. Read all Eat, Drink, Shop news More Eat, Drink, Shop Show Less National News Birmingham City Council approves 9.99% council tax hike and ‘unprecedented’ cuts Birmingham City Council approves 9.99% council tax hike and ‘unprecedented’ cuts The authority’s leader described the plans as ‘not the budget I entered politics to set’. In pictures: David Beckham poses among stars of The Gentlemen at London premiere In pictures: David Beckham poses among stars of The Gentlemen at London premiere The former England footballer was pictured alongside creator, director amd friend Guy Ritchie. Scientists report on ‘hypervaccinated’ man who has had 217 Covid jabs – study Scientists report on ‘hypervaccinated’ man who has had 217 Covid jabs – study Academics in Germany heard about the 62-year-old in a newspaper report and asked if they could study his body’s response to the multiple vaccinations. Tory peer condemns ‘excusing’ rape in Israel: ‘It’s me too, unless you’re a Jew’ Tory peer condemns ‘excusing’ rape in Israel: ‘It’s me too, unless you’re a Jew’ Baroness Altmann told peers in Westminster: ‘Rape is not resistance.’ GP services ‘will be cut’ if Government imposes new contract, says BMA GP services ‘will be cut’ if Government imposes new contract, says BMA The British Medical Association is to hold a referendum on the contract, which has been rejected by the union’s general practice council. Theo James felt no pressure to lead The Gentlemen show despite film’s success Theo James felt no pressure to lead The Gentlemen show despite film’s success The Gentlemen series launches on March 7 on Netflix. Northern Ireland Troubles should provide lessons for Gaza, says former minister Northern Ireland Troubles should provide lessons for Gaza, says former minister Lord Hain made his remarks during a wide-ranging debate in Parliament on foreign affairs. Birmingham City Council debates 9.99% council tax hike and £300m of cuts Birmingham City Council debates 9.99% council tax hike and £300m of cuts Councillors were told higher taxes are needed to compensate for the ‘harsh reality’ of the authority’s finances. Social media platforms Facebook and Instagram back online after outage Social media platforms Facebook and Instagram back online after outage The Meta-owned platforms were temporarily down on Tuesday, with hundreds of thousands of users reporting outages. Welsh Parliament approves 2024-25 budget Welsh Parliament approves 2024-25 budget Rebecca Evans said there were ‘more changes than usual’ after late information from the UK Government on how much money they would receive. Read all national news More national news Less national news Dan Wootton leaves GB News after Ofcom finds Laurence Fox comments broke rules Dan Wootton leaves GB News after Ofcom finds Laurence Fox comments broke rules The journalist was suspended by GB News but has now left the broadcaster to launch his own independent platform. Minister pays damages to academic she accused of Hamas sympathy Minister pays damages to academic she accused of Hamas sympathy Michelle Donelan sparked an investigation into two academics that subsequently cleared them of wrongdoing. Teenager in court over charges linked to murder probe after woman shot dead Teenager in court over charges linked to murder probe after woman shot dead A youth has appeared in court over charges linked to the fatal shooting of Lianne Gordon, 42. More events and entertainment news More What's On Listen to our podcasts Listen to the best of our news, sports and politics. Trending 9 Cadbury bars we’ve loved and lost as chocolatier celebrates 200 years 9 Cadbury bars we’ve loved and lost as chocolatier celebrates 200 years As Cadbury celebrates its 200th birthday we take a look back at some of the popular bars we’ve loved and lost over the years. The 12 World Book Day books you could choose with your £1 token The 12 World Book Day books you could choose with your £1 token World Book Day celebrations take place this week but which special 2024 books might your children wish to swap their £1 book tokens for? 1 Emotional NHS ads to target parents over measles danger Emotional NHS ads to target parents over measles danger With measles cases still rising, adverts will be broadcast across TV, radio and the internet appealing to parents to get their children vaccinated. New 50p coin to mark 200 years of the RNLI 3 Royal Mail to increase stamp prices again 1 Cash bonuses for dentists begin to tackle appointment shortages Secondary National Offer Day: What can you do if you didn’t get your chosen school? 3 School fines for absences to increase in attendance crackdown Virgin Media and O2 customers face huge price rises or ‘exorbitant’ exit fees 2 MOD confirms national events to mark 80th anniversary of D-Day Read all trending news More Trending Show Less Read all trending news Follow us Most Read 40 Official bid for 300-home estate and secondary school 1 8 ‘Our Michelin-starred restaurant is thriving - but we’re closing and leaving Kent’ 2 30 ‘Bowling alley brawl was a free-for-all – I’ve never seen anything like it!’ 3 97 Mum who caused fatal crash while trying to make phone call spared jail 4 4 'Pubs are closing all over Kent - but business at ours has never been better’ 5 What's On Newsletter What's On newsletter Kent attractions offering free entry with lottery ticket Kent attractions offering free entry with lottery ticket The National Lottery scheme gives visitors entry to castles, museums, gardens and more for the price of a lottery ticket or scratchcard. James Arthur to perform summer concert James Arthur to perform summer concert Chart-topping X Factor winner James Arthur is the latest artist to be announced as part of a seaside concert series. Off Menu’s Ed Gamble to tour the UK Off Menu’s Ed Gamble to tour the UK Podcaster and stand-up comedian Ed Gamble is kicking off his new show, Hot Diggity Dog, at a Kent theatre. The Wanted’s Jay McGuiness to star in supernatural thriller Make this Mother’s Day one to remember 17 ‘The bar had a good vibe until a Dom Joly wannabe started hollering’ Musical royalty returns to the county 6 Kent’s top pub, restaurant, chef and food heroes revealed Outdoor cinema experience to return this summer Enjoy unlimited family days out at Kent’s biggest wildlife parks Read all What's On More What's On Show Less More events and entertainment news More What's On Decades News from the KM archive 4 Pictures from much-loved Kent pubs that closed in the 2000s Pictures from much-loved Kent pubs that closed in the 2000s We’ve been looking back at some of Kent boozers we loved and lost in the Noughties, where we’d love to have one last pint. 4 ‘How our dads created Bagpuss in a disused Kent cow shed’ ‘How our dads created Bagpuss in a disused Kent cow shed’ We spoke to the children of Bagpuss’ creators as today marks the 50th anniversary of the iconic cat hitting our TV screens. 3 Which pub is the oldest in Kent? Which pub is the oldest in Kent? Debate has raged for centuries over which pub is the oldest in the county – here we look at those with the strongest claims... 6 ‘Wet T-shirts and smoking indoors - Kent nights out were different in the 80s and 90s’ 8 Kent's lost tourist attractions 17 How more than 400 Kent breweries disappeared ‘Am I dreaming this?’ – When Matt was a Seoul man 8 The Kent woman who created a children’s classic still loved today 6 The worst winters to hit Kent 13 ‘I met my wife there – it saddens me to see it demolished’ Read all Decades More Decades Show less More Decades news Sport Newsletter 2 Gillingham fans treated to a drink by the chairman Gillingham fans treated to a drink by the chairman Gillingham fans making the trip to Barrow tonight can enjoy a free drink courtesy of the chairman. Elokobi signs contract extension Elokobi signs contract extension Maidstone United manager George Elokobi has signed a two-year contract extension at the Gallagher Stadium. 6 Confident Gillingham aiming to maintain momentum Confident Gillingham aiming to maintain momentum Gillingham face a crucial battle in their promotion hopes tonight with a game at play-off rivals Barrow. 1 ‘Re-energised’ Billings tipped to rise again Margate post six-figure loss Warren on Ramsgate move Boss King’s unique balancing act Kent name new captain Bayley extends winning run Kent Kings back on track Read all Sport news More sport news Show less All KentOnline Sport news Opinion ‘In ‘97 Blair danced into Downing Street singing ‘Things Can Only Get Better’ – today young people don’t agree’ Lauren Abbott 05 March 2024 | 5 Lauren Abbott 05 March 2024 | 5 ‘Is it time we stop marking war-time anniversaries?’ Chris Britcher 02 March 2024 | 97 Chris Britcher 02 March 2024 | 97 ‘Imposing the strain of the 11-plus on children is unnecessary and wrong’ Letters to the Editor 29 February 2024 | 18 Letters to the Editor 29 February 2024 | 18 ‘Imagine if Lower Thames Crossing, Manston Airport and London Resort were all delivered’ Chris Britcher 28 February 2024 | 15 Chris Britcher 28 February 2024 | 15 ‘Drivers are going nowhere fast on smart motorways that are anything but’ Secret Thinker 28 February 2024 | 36 Secret Thinker 28 February 2024 | 36 ‘Fed is best...so perhaps it’s time to give families infant formula for free?’ Lauren Abbott 27 February 2024 | 6 Lauren Abbott 27 February 2024 | 6 ‘Our reimagined seaside sites were born from flames of disaster’ Chris Britcher 24 February 2024 | 4 Chris Britcher 24 February 2024 | 4 ‘It’s exhausting watching someone die – you daren’t look away for fear of missing their final moments’ Melissa Todd 23 February 2024 | 7 Melissa Todd 23 February 2024 | 7 ‘Cheap and affordable public transport is the only way to get people out of their cars’ Letters to the Editor 22 February 2024 | 13 Letters to the Editor 22 February 2024 | 13 ‘If airport fails to take off, will we be left asking “what if?”’ Chris Britcher 21 February 2024 | 37 Chris Britcher 21 February 2024 | 37 ‘We all have superstitions, but it’s cause for concern when rituals start ruling your life’ Secret Thinker 21 February 2024 | 1 Secret Thinker 21 February 2024 | 1 Read all our opinion columns More Opinions Show Less Read all our opinion columns Business Newsletter Newsletter 14 Apples prove key to carbon off-set scheme Apples prove key to carbon off-set scheme A nursery is planting rare fruit varieties to help firms off-set their carbon footprint. Popular cafe set to reopen after more than a year Popular cafe set to reopen after more than a year A 40-acre coastal park known for its cafe and water activities has a new boss – more than a year after the last operator left. Picture gallery: Kent & Medway Food & Drink Awards Picture gallery: Kent & Medway Food & Drink Awards Take a look at the winners who scooped top prizes at the first Kent & Medway Food & Drink Awards. Multi-million pound vision for heart of town Recognition for distillery at ‘Oscars of whiskey’ Read all Business More Business Show Less Read all Kent Business news My Kent Family Newsletter My Kent Family newsletter Baby loss certificates for parents who lose a pregnancy before 24 weeks Baby loss certificates for parents who lose a pregnancy before 24 weeks Parents who lose a baby before 24 weeks of pregnancy can apply for a formal certificate from today that will acknowledge the loss of their child. Don't miss our My Mum special this Mother's Day Don't miss our My Mum special this Mother's Day This March we will be publishing thousands of children's drawings in our fantastic My Mum Mother's Day specials - here's how to get your copy. 1 Complete ban on mobile phones in school confirmed – even at break times Complete ban on mobile phones in school confirmed – even at break times Schools have been told they should ban mobile phones completely but what exactly do the new rules mean for teachers, parents and pupils? ‘We want to help as many people as we can’ says new SEN school head More children to be offered Covid-19 booster jab 2 Hundreds of extra grammar school places needed in Kent by end of the decade The £10m school set to tackle demand from surrounding new-build estates New venture proving a hit with the kids Read all family news More My Kent Family Show Less More family news More What's On Latest Newspapers Eat, Drink, Shop Secret Drinker Eat My Words ‘The bar had a good vibe until a Dom Joly wannabe started hollering’ 17 ‘The bar had a good vibe until a Dom Joly wannabe started hollering’ Secret Drinker chills in a boutique hotel bar with three mysterious Moretti drinkers and one extra loud punter McDonald’s reveals extra details ahead of new branch opening 4 McDonald’s reveals extra details ahead of new branch opening The fast food chain has confirmed a number of details ahead of the opening of its new branch at a Kent shopping centre. Kent’s top pub, restaurant, chef and food heroes revealed 6 Kent’s top pub, restaurant, chef and food heroes revealed The 12 winners of the Kent & Medway Food & Drink Awards have been named at a ceremony full of foodie favourites. ‘We want to turn dingy pub into Kent's best sports bar' 5 ‘We want to turn dingy pub into Kent's best sports bar' A new team in charge of a pub once branded “dark and dingy” hope to turn it into Kent’s best sports bar. This year’s tastiest food and drink festivals 4 This year’s tastiest food and drink festivals Feeling hungry? We’ve got some of Kent’s most mouth-watering food festivals that are sure to whet your appetite this year. Last chance to get tickets for historic FA cup tie 5 Last chance to get tickets for historic FA cup tie A football club which is set to play the biggest match in its history in just 48 hours has announced a number of tickets are suddenly up-for-grabs. Read all Eat, Drink, Shop news More Eat, Drink, Shop Show Less KMTV in association with the University of Kent 02:16 Medway Council has joined 170 councils is urging the government to extend the Household Support Fund 05:34 More than a million Penalty Charge Notices have been dished out in Kent in 5 years 02:46 Critically endangered orangutan brothers arrive at Port Lympne 02:37 £7.9m unclaimed by Canterbury tax payers Freeview channel 7 | Virgin Media channel 159 KentJobs 18 Southeastern wants 400 apprentices as train services rise A train firm has announced it is looking to recruit its biggest-ever intake of apprentices this year. 41 Nine courses could be ‘phased out’ at university facing financial problems Nine courses could be ‘phased out’ at university facing financial problems Nine courses, including journalism and art history, could be phased out at the University of Kent as a consultation is launched. 2 Major defence firm announces huge recruitment drive Major defence firm announces huge recruitment drive One of Kent’s biggest employers and manufacturers for defence, aerospace, and security has opened up more than 90 early career roles. 1 More jobs created after six-figure investment More jobs created after six-figure investment Eight extra staff have been taken on as a commercial vehicle hire business opens a new workshop after a six-figure investment. Read all KentJobs news KentHomes Looking for a new home? We've hundreds to pick from all across Kent Latest Newspapers Helpful links About us Advertise Contact Us and KM offices RSS feeds Send us your story Sitemap Terms and conditions Buy a Photo Privacy Policy KentOnline Kent Business KMTV What's On My Kent Family Kent Wedding Day Destination Kent kmfm Kent Jobs Kent Homes Local Businesses My Kent Website KM Media Group Public Notices Local news Ashford Canterbury Dartford Deal Dover Faversham Folkestone Gravesend Herne Bay Hythe Maidstone Malling Medway Romney Marsh Sandwich Sevenoaks Isle of Sheppey Sittingbourne Tenterden Thanet Tonbridge Tunbridge Wells Weald Whitstable This website and its associated newspaper are members of the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) © KM Group 2024 Close This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Learn More