Home – Climate Change: Vital Signs of the Planet NASA Global Climate Change Vital Signs of the Planet Skip Navigation menu close modal We're moving! NASA's Global Climate Change website is going to look a little different in the coming months because we’re heading to a new home, a more integrated portal on science.nasa.gov. Keep your eyes on our new space as we transition. Explore the new space Explore the new space Understanding our planet to benefit humankind NASA missions study global climate change from air, sea, and space. News & Features Launching this spring, the two small satellites of NASA’s PREFIRE mission will fill in missing data from Earth’s polar regions. features Meet NASA's Twin Spacecraft Headed to the Ends of the Earth A new, comprehensive analysis of satellite data finds that majority of glaciers on the landmass have retreated significantly. features NASA Study: More Greenland Ice Lost Than Previously Estimated What caused the year to be so hot? Here is a breakdown of the primary factors that scientists considered. features Five Factors to Explain the Record Heat in 2023 Earth’s average surface temperature in 2023 was the warmest on record, according to an analysis by NASA. news NASA Analysis Confirms 2023 as Warmest Year on Record NISAR will study change to ice sheets, glaciers, and sea ice in fine detail, as climate change warms the air and ocean. feature This US-Indian Satellite Will Monitor Earth's Changing Frozen Regions What Is Climate Change? Evidence How Do We Know Climate Change Is Real? Evidence How Do We Know Climate Change Is Real? There is unequivocal evidence that Earth is warming at an unprecedented rate. Human activity is the principal cause. more Causes Why Is Climate Change Happening? Causes Why Is Climate Change Happening? Human activities are driving the global warming trend observed since the mid-20th century. more Effects What Are the Effects of Climate Change? Effects What Are the Effects of Climate Change? The effects of human-caused global warming are happening now, are irreversible on the timescale of people alive today, and will worsen in the decades to come. more Solutions What Is Being Done to Solve Climate Change? Solutions What Is Being Done to Solve Climate Change? NASA provides the robust scientific data needed to understand climate change. more Evidence How Do We Know Climate Change Is Real? There is unequivocal evidence that Earth is warming at an unprecedented rate. Human activity is the principal cause. more Causes Why Is Climate Change Happening? Human activities are driving the global warming trend observed since the mid-20th century. more Effects What Are the Effects of Climate Change? The effects of human-caused global warming are happening now, are irreversible on the timescale of people alive today, and will worsen in the decades to come. more Solutions What Is Being Done to Solve Climate Change? NASA provides the robust scientific data needed to understand climate change. more From space, sky, sea, and land, NASA provides detailed climate data and research to the world. Earth Science in Action People across the world using NASA data to solve big problems right here on Earth. More to Explore Ask NASA Climate Your questions about climate change answered. People Profiles Learn about the people behind NASA Earth science. Quizzes Test your knowledge of climate science. Images of Change Before-and-after images of Earth Columbia Glacier melt, Alaska: 7/28/1986 - 7/2/2014 Climate Change Resources An extensive collection of global warming resources for media, educators, weathercasters, and public speakers. Explore Images of Change Before-and-after images of Earth Global Ice Viewer Climate change's impact on ice Earth Minute Videos Animated video series illustrating Earth science topics Climate Time Machine Climate change in recent history Resources Multimedia Vast library of images, videos, graphics, and more En español Creciente biblioteca de recursos en español For Educators Student and educator resources For Kids Webquests, Climate Kids, and more Get the Newsletter Stay Connected Facts Evidence Causes Effects Scientific Consensus What Is Climate Change? Vital Signs Extreme Weather Questions (FAQ) News News and Features Subscribe Climate Newsletter Archive Solutions Earth Science in Action Mitigation and Adaptation Sustainability and Government Resources Explore Images of Change Earth Minute Videos Interactives Beautiful Earth Gallery Ask NASA Climate Evidence for Earth's Past Climate NASA Science Science Mission Directorate NASA Data Resources Earth System Science Earth Science Missions History People More For Media For Educators Multimedia En español For Kids About Us Feedback | Awards | Sitemap | Earth Observatory | SEA LEVEL CHANGE | Privacy | Climate Data Initiative | U.S. CLIMATE RESILIENCE TOOLKIT This website is produced by the Earth Science Communications Team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory | California Institute of Technology Site Owner: Anya Biferno Site Editor: Holly Shaftel Managing Editor: Susan Callery Senior Producer: Randal Jackson Senior Science Editor: Daniel Bailey Science Editor: Susan Callery Site last updated: January 30, 2024