Software Supply Chain Management | Sonatype Skip Navigation Back Platform Platform overview Automate your software supply chain security Sonatype Nexus Repository Build fast with centralized components Sonatype Repository Firewall Block malicious open source at the door Sonatype Lifecycle Control open source risk across your SDLC Integrations Work in the tools, languages, and packages you already use Solutions Integrated Innovation Align dev, security, and ops teams to fuel secure deployment Developers Deliver quality code fast Application Security Manage vulnerability risks Legal & Compliance Enforce policy at scale By Industry Government Financial Services Manufacturing Technology Healthcare Pricing Resources Resources Featured DevOps Downloads Webinar Series Featured State of the Software Supply Chain Blog Webinars Whitepapers & eBooks Launchpad Customer Stories Free Tools Sonatype Repository OSS Sonatype Vulnerability Scanner Customer Resources Training & Workshops Documentation Support Partners Become a Partner Join our extensive Sonatype Partner Network Find a Partner Find and connect with a certified Sonatype partner Company About Explore our software supply chain management story Careers Innovate with us—explore opportunities at Sonatype Events Attend in-person or virtual learning events Newsroom Keep up to date on Sonatype in the news Contact Let’s talk software supply chain Book a Demo Book a Demo Book a Demo Optimize Your Software Supply Chain Enable fast, secure software innovation Get Started Maintainers of 15M Developers Worldwide Rely on Sonatype Tools Learn More Learn More Protectors of the Software Supply Chain 110 Malicious Components Detected... And Counting Scan Your App for Vulnerabilities Scan Your App for Vulnerabilities Improving Development Productivity & Security 80% Reduction in remediation time (no risk tradeoff) Learn How Learn How Enterprise software supply chain management With Nexus Repository Build fast with centralized components Monitor and manage all of your components and binaries in a central source of truth. Sonatype Nexus Repository accelerates repeatable builds for faster speed-to-market and enterprise-ready flexibility. Explore Nexus Repository With Lifecycle Reduce open source risk across your SDLC From development to production and everything in between, Sonatype Lifecycle monitors the health and policy compliance of your open source components. Produce your software bill of materials and remediate vulnerabilities quickly with full visibility. Explore Lifecycle With Repository Firewall Block malicious open source at the door Protect yourself from malware attacks. Sonatype Repository Firewall is the only solution that prevents known and unknown open source risk from entering your software supply chain. Explore Firewall Accelerate every innovation View Customer Success Stories “We are turning into a technology company and Sonatype helped us modernize the tools we use to be successful.” Sladjana Jovanovic VP of Enterprise Payments Technology, TD Bank Sonatype helped TD Bank complete an agile transformation for faster release cadence. 3X lower cost to fix per defect 80% faster cycle time to production “We wanted fast solutions, but also wanted those to be secure solutions. With Lifecycle, we can help programmers make the right decisions and make their software more secure. That's why we chose Sonatype Lifecycle.” Stefan Simenon Head of Centre of Expertise of Software Development & Tooling, ABN-AMRO View Case Study Increased velocity, increased builds, decreased time to deploy with Sonatype Lifecycle. 6x decrease time to deployment Integrate with your favorite tools Sonatype has you covered with 50+ language and integrations across leading IDEs, source repositories, CI pipelines and ticketing systems. Supported Integrations Platform Overview Firewall Repository Lifecycle Integrations Pricing Other Products Container Auditor Advanced Legal Pack Lifecycle Foundation Solutions By Role Integrated Innovation Developers Application Security Legal & Compliance By Industry Government Financial Services Manufacturing Technology Healthcare Community Free tools Nexus Repository OSS Sonatype OSS Index Sonatype Vulnerability Scanner Resources Launchpad Log4j Updates Blog Whitepapers & eBooks Webinars Customer Stories Partners Find a Partner Become a Partner Amazon Web Services (AWS) Red Hat OpenShift Customer Portal Training & Workshops Documentation My Sonatype Customer Support Company About Careers Newsroom Investors Contact Press Kit Trust Center Subscribe for all the latest software security news and events Terms of Service Privacy Policy Modern Slavery Statement Event Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Copyright © 2008-present, Sonatype Inc. All rights reserved. Includes the third-party code listed here. Sonatype and Sonatype Nexus are trademarks of Sonatype, Inc. Apache Maven and Maven are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation. M2Eclipse is a trademark of the Eclipse Foundation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.