EDUCAUSE Review | EDUCAUSE Review Skip Navigation Skip Navigation Menu Search Latest Channels Multimedia Editors' Picks Industry Insights About EDUCAUSE Home 2024 EDUCAUSE Top 10: Institutional Resilience Susan Grajek and the 2023–2024 EDUCAUSE Top 10 Panel Read Full Article Content begins below. Getting Started with Data Governance Sarah Banks February 29, 2024 Enterprise IT Leadership and Professional Learning Four experts share their thoughts on successfully building data governance and overcoming resistance in higher education. Thinkering, Making, Sharing, and Reflecting: A Model for Online Collaborative Project-Based Learning Heejung An and Woonhee Sung February 26, 2024 Teaching and Learning The TMSR instructional design model with four "Ons" can be used to create effective online learning environments with collaborative project-based learning activities that help facilitate student engagement and connection. EDUCAUSE QuickPoll Results: Positioning Higher Education IT Governance as a Strategic Function Ashley Caron February 21, 2024 EDUCAUSE Research Notes Enterprise IT Although most colleges and universities have established IT governance practices, the approaches differ, with varying levels of effectiveness. Questions to Ask before Taking an Interim Role Chris Bradney February 20, 2024 Leadership and Professional Learning Before agreeing to accept an offer of an internal interim position at your college or university, you should ask your boss and yourself several questions that can help determine both your suitability for the assignment and the assignment's suitability for you. A New Data Mindset: Creating Equitable Student Outcomes and Vibrant Communities Karen Stout February 15, 2024 Student Success Transforming community colleges to transform their communities by accelerating more equitable student outcomes requires institutional leaders to adopt a new data mindset that is fully focused on building better access to college, creating momentum for timely completion, and ensuring equitable mobility for graduates along career paths paying a family-sustaining wage. EDUCAUSE Submits Comments on Proposed Net Neutrality Rule Bailey Graves February 13, 2024 Policy In November 2023, the Federal Communications Commission issued a proposed rule to reclassify broadband internet access as a telecommunications service under Title II of the Communications Act, thus reestablishing its 2015 net neutrality regulations. EDUCAUSE and the Association for Research Libraries submitted joint comments in December 2023 expressing the associations' support for an open internet. How (and Why) the University of Michigan Built Its Own Closed Generative AI Tools A. J. O'Connell February 7, 2024 Case Studies Emerging Technologies and Trends To address privacy, accessibility, and affordability issues, the University of Michigan decided to develop closed generative AI tools for use by its campus community. Exploring the Opportunities and Challenges with Generative AI Veronica Diaz February 6, 2024 Emerging Technologies and Trends Effectively integrating generative AI into higher education requires policy development, cross-functional engagement, ethical principles, risk assessments, collaboration with other institutions, and an exploration of diverse use cases. Digital Transformation 2.0: The Age of AI Dave Weil February 5, 2024 Digital Transformation (Dx) With the rapid developments in artificial intelligence, higher education is entering a second phase of digital transformation: Dx 2.0. Technology and other campus leaders can take steps now to help prepare their institutions. Fall 2023 Regulatory Agenda Highlights Bailey Graves February 1, 2024 Policy The Biden administration released its Fall 2023 Unified Agenda of Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions in December 2023. The Regulatory Agenda provides insights on the regulatory activities under development across federal departments and agencies and includes updates to several regulations EDUCAUSE has been following. {{item.listSponsoredContentLabel}} {{:: item.listDate }} {{:: col.linkTitle}} {{:: icon.iconTitle }} Load More Keep up with higher education IT trends Sign up for free EDUCAUSE Review weekly emails to hear about new content. Log in or create an EDUCAUSE profile to manage your subscriptions. Subscribe Now EDUCAUSE Topics Analytics Artificial Intelligence CIOs and Senior Technology Leaders Cybersecurity Digital Transformation Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Federal Policy Presidents and Senior Executives Student Success Teaching and Learning Explore All Library Topics Insights Research Core Data Service EDUCAUSE Review Conferences & Learning Annual Conference Cybersecurity and Privacy Professionals Conference EDUCAUSE Institute Professional Pathways Face-to-Face Online Explore All Upcoming Events Community Community Groups Member Directory Mentoring Member QuickTalks Volunteering EDUCAUSE Awards Find or Post a Job Who We Are Discover Membership Mission and Organization Leadership and Staff Member Orientation Corporate Participation Work at EDUCAUSE Contact Us Copyright © 2024 EDUCAUSE Privacy Notice Terms of Use .EDU Home Web Accessibility Assistance