Home | University of Pittsburgh Skip to main content About Academics Admissions Research Life at Pitt Athletics open search open menu Close Global Menu Apply Visit Give Pittwire Events Navigation Navigation About Academics Admissions Research Life at Pitt Athletics Colleges & Schools Colleges & Schools Arts & Sciences Business Computing & Information Dental Medicine Education Engineering General Studies Health & Rehabilitation Honors College Law Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public & Intl Affairs Public Health Social Work Highlights Highlights COVID-19 Response Alumni Community Global Sustainability Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube Close Search Pitt Search Search for People The Future Lives at Pitt toggle video playback Explore the future of: Community Impact Health & Wellness Technology and Science Arts & Humanities Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Global Engagement Innovation & Research Our City/Our Campus Learn More on Pittwire Pittwire Hillandale Farms family donates $25 million to launch Pitt’s Orland Bethel Family Musculoskeletal Research Center The transformative gift — for which the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine will make an equivalent co-investment — will support labs, fellows, research and clinical work to push orthopaedic treatments forward. Pittwire 3 Pitt alumni competed at Indianapolis Motor Speedway Three Pitt alumni were among those competing for a checkered flag at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in August as the country’s top auto racing bodies, IndyCar and NASCAR, held two separate races over the annual, eardrum-rattling Brickyard Weekend. Pittwire Documenting Life in a War Zone Pitt economist Tymofiy Mylovanov has been documenting daily life during the war in Ukraine. Read what he has to say about the conflict and the future. PITTWIRE From Pitt to Hollywood Alumna and STARZ comedy writer Kelechi Urama gives advice on how to find success in Los Angeles. PITTWIRE A Top School for LGBTQIA+ Students Pitt has been recognized for its inclusivity and support of LGBTQIA+ students by Best Colleges in partnership with Campus Pride. Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 The Ones to Watch In an environment where innovation and inspiration are in no short supply, meet the trailblazers. Meghna Hingorani Everybody’s bestie thrives in business and dreams of Bollywood. Benjamin Davies A urologist and mentor who’s closing equity gaps in health care. LauraEllen Ashcraft Building bridges to connect people and research. Ryan Steinly A Frederick Honors College student fluent in language and justice. Anaya Joynes A Pitt engineering student who leads by example. Nicholas Johnbosco A guide to campus buildings and uncomfortable conversations. Isabel Lam A change-maker who landed a red carpet role. Brianna Ross A Maryland Teacher of the Year who leads with love. Mia Achitoov A future doctor who values elders and offers comfort in the hospital and beyond. Asher Hancock This engineer wants to put autonomous vehicles in the sky. Lillian Chong This creative chemist helped crack a COVID-19 mystery. Olivia Miller A gymnast using the power of positivity. Jim Withers His Street Medicine Institute provides “street rounds” and social services to people who live outdoors. Danielle Obisie-Orlu The Allegheny County Youth Poet Laureate with a 30-year plan. Richard Su Fang The U.S. Presidential Scholar is already exploring research opportunities and taking on leadership roles. Catherine Cavanaugh This nationally lauded scholar is helping Spanish speakers learn complex science. Toya Jones Studying trauma and its impact. Previous Slide Next Slide See More Spotlights Reinvention never stops Expand Tile Schenley Quad Schenley Quadrangle contains five of Pitt’s 14 residence halls. Expand Tile Schenley Park Schenley Park, with 456 acres of trails, woods and attractions, is a quick walk or bike ride from the Pittsburgh campus. Expand Tile Cathedral of Learning The 42-story Cathedral of Learning (“Cathy” to many students) stands at the heart of the Pittsburgh campus. Expand Tile Acrisure Stadium Acrisure Stadium is home to Pitt Panthers football. Expand Tile The Allegheny River Pittsburgh is home to 440-plus bridges—more than any other city, even Venice—and three rivers. Expand Tile Panther Statue Students rub the nose of the Pitt Panther statue on campus for good luck on exams. Global Menu Apply Visit Give Pittwire Events About Academics Admissions Research Life at Pitt Athletics Quick Links & Resources Quick Links & Resources Accessibility Statement Advising at Pitt Careers Consumer Info/Achievement Contact Us COVID-19 Response Departments A-Z Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Find People Information Technology LGBTQ+ Nondiscrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy Privacy Policy My Pitt Regional Campuses Regional Campuses Bradford Greensburg Johnstown Titusville Colleges & Schools Colleges & Schools Arts & Sciences Business Computing & Information Dental Medicine Education Engineering General Studies Health & Rehabilitation Honors College Law Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public & Intl Affairs Public Health Social Work 4200 Fifth Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15260 United States +1 412-624-4141 Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube