Freedom Software | Block Websites, Apps, and the Internet Freedom Features Why Freedom? Download For Teams Resources Log In Try For Free The World’s Best App & Website Blocker Be incredibly focused and productive. Join millions of amazing people who use Freedom to manage their screen time and live happier, healthier, and more productive lives. Already have an account? Log in here. Focus on what matters. Digital distractions are worse than ever. Freedom blocks them. No other screen time solution gives you the powerful multi-device control of Freedom. Mac, Windows, iOS, Android, or Chrome – we've got you covered. Watch your focus improve with every session. Start your free trial today. As seen in Freedom blocks distracting websites and apps Use Freedom to block distractions so you can get your work done. Block what you want, when you want, and be more productive. How Freedom is better Whether you use Mac, Windows, Android, iOS, or Chrome, Freedom can sync blocks across all of your devices. Sit down to work knowing you're completely in control of distractions. Schedule your focused time Start sessions on-the-fly or schedule your Freedom time in advance. Plan out sessions that recur daily or weekly. With Freedom, you’ll make time for productivity and things that matter most. Select Your Devices Choose Sites & Apps Set Your Schedule Used by incredibly productive people Freedom users report gaining an average of 2.5 hours of productive time each day. We're proud to have helped our users reclaim 10,000,000 hours in the past year. No wonder Freedom is used by people at the world's best companies and universities. Hear from satisfied… Developers Screenwriters Coaches Teachers Entrepreneurs Editors Researchers Journalists Writers Writers on Freedom “When I click that Freedom butterfly, I write.” Eloisa James NYT Bestselling Author Writers on Freedom “Wow. I’ve written 14 novels and countless short stories with Freedom on.” J.T. Ellison NYT Bestselling Author Researchers on Freedom “I use Freedom and an online timer to streamline my work sessions.” Amber Jane Davis Political Scientist + PhD Coach Writers on Freedom “I use Freedom religiously to keep me on task, both on my phone and my laptop.” Jessie Kwak Author + Freelance Copywriter Illustrators on Freedom “My first kids’ book was completed directly due to the extra hours Freedom gave me.” John Kovalic Cartoonist + Illustrator, Creator of Dork Tower Coaches on Freedom “Freedom saves my life. I could never have written my latest book (ironically on topic of attention) without this life-saving app.” Neen James Attention Expert, Author of “Attention Pays” Entrepreneurs on Freedom “The Freedom app disciplines me when I don’t have the human strength to do so.” Maura Chanz Actress, Artist, Entrepreneur, Founder of Tribe Entrepreneurs on Freedom “Freedom is an essential tool in my work.” Taylor Pearson Author and Entrepreneur Writers on Freedom “I honestly cannot fathom being able to write as much as I do without the help of Freedom!” Farrah Rochon Bestselling author See more customer stories Stay focused on what matters with Freedom Get started now Join over 3,000,000 people using Freedom to be more productive. You can get started for free, and cover all your devices for less than $3.50 a month. Stop being distrac­ted by your phone, tablet or computer - get Freedom. Get Started Start a Free Trial Freedom Premium Freedom Forever For Companies For Schools Do More Get Perks Give Freedom Partner with Us Become an Affiliate Why Freedom? Resources Features Learn Support Contact Us Downloads Knowledge Base Troubleshooting How to Block YouTube How to Block TikTok How to Block Twitter How to Block Facebook How to Block Instagram Company About Us Blog Podcast Careers Press © Freedom.to 2011–2024 Privacy Policy Terms of Service Podcast SoundCloud Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Medium