TPM: Talking Points Memo - Breaking News and Analysis Editors' Blog / Analysis & Opinion News Live Blog Morning Memo Cafe / outside voices & analysis Muckraker / scandal & investigations Prime / Member Exclusives Podcast Features Memberships View Options Newsletters Subscribe Get TPM Merch Shop Now Follow TPM Send Comments and Tips about contact careers FAQ terms of use site status © 2024 TPM MEDIA LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ABOUT TIPS EDITORS’ BLOG JUMP TO BACK TO TOP EDITORS’ BLOG LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 What Is an iPhone? Member Newsletter by Josh Marshall Living in 2024, one of the big questions we have to ask ourselves is: why aren’t there flying cars? And where’s our colony on Mars? If I wanted to break the moment of levity I could ask: why do people still die of cancer? There’s actually a whole debate about whether and why the pace of invention — or, relatedly, scientific breakthroughs — has slowed compared to the first half of the 20th century. But let me not get ahead of myself. These questions occurred me because I’ve been working on a project that requires some research on family history. And yesterday as I was putting my iPhone in a locker at my gym, this occurred to me: how would I explain the iPhone to my mother, who died in 1981? When I thought of this I was thinking about photos and social media and a third, really big thing that is made up of many other, little things — not huge individually but vast and ubiquitous taken together — that we do with this small device. What analogues would I use to explain it? JOIN TO READ MORE LIVE COVERAGE March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 A Friendly Reminder by Joe Ragazzo We recently asked if you’d help us out by answering some survey questions. First of all, thank you to everyone who did. These are massively helpful in terms of helping us decide how to improve TPM and better serve all of you. There’s one particular piece of feedback I saw going through the thousands of results that I thought I’d address here. Several people asked if we’d bring back free or reduced-rate memberships for senior citizens and/or students. So here’s the good news: We still have free memberships for seniors and students. In fact, anyone who can’t afford a membership can apply for a community-sponsored membership here. Read More LIVE COVERAGE March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 What Can the US Do To Bring the Israel-Hamas War to An End? Member Newsletter by Josh Marshall In my post yesterday, I said Israel’s campaign in Gaza has reached a point of diminishing returns, even on its own terms, and that the U.S. needs to help Israel, even in spite of itself or at least in spite of the current government, to bring it to a halt. A friend of mine got in touch with me and asked basically, how precisely can the U.S. do that? He meant this not in a challenging way but literally, what power does the U.S. have to make this happen? This led to an interchange that helped me think through why the U.S. has been doing what it has been doing, what it can do and what it can’t. First, why is the U.S. sending arms and munitions to Israel at all? Israel has an incredibly powerful military and huge stockpiles of weapons of all sorts. Set aside the policy or moral questions. Why is it even necessary? At the very beginning of the conflict the U.S. provided fulsome support and arms in part simply to signal support, that the U.S. was backing Israel to the hilt after October 7th. But beneath that messaging and symbolism there was something much more concrete. JOIN TO READ MORE LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024March 1, 2024 Scenes from the Israel-Hamas War: A Dismal Miscellany by Josh Marshall On Tuesday in the Michigan primary we had a protest vote that was nominally about forcing President Biden either to demand or actually force a permanent ceasefire in the ongoing fighting in the Gaza Strip. I’ve written a lot about the pros and cons of this both on the ground in Israel-Palestine and within U.S. domestic politics. That dynamic however shouldn’t obscure a greater and more immediate reality, which is that even on its own terms, the current Israeli operation in Gaza has largely reached a point of diminishing returns. It is Israel which desperately needs the U.S. to put an end to it. This isn’t to say that there are not still legitimate military goals Israel has. The Hamas leadership is still holed up in Rafah. The hostages, imprisoned for four months, are still held captive there. Hamas as a military force is clobbered but not yet broken. But as is always the case, military action is a tool to accomplish political ends. Military action which makes sense on its own terms can be revealed as folly when viewed through a broader and more consequential political prism. Tom Friedman covered a lot of this in his most recent column from a couple days ago. Read More LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Listen To This: Bye Mitch by Jackie Wilhelm A new episode of The Josh Marshall Podcast is live! This week, Kate and Josh talk about Mitch McConnell’s big announcement and the primaries in South Carolina and Michigan. You can listen to the new episode of The Josh Marshall Podcast here. LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Mitch McConnell: Some Thoughts on Mastery, Destruction and Minority Rule Member Newsletter by Josh Marshall Mitch McConnell is one of those perhaps historic figures for whom the greatness of his skill and impact are matched only in inverse by the malignity of his impact on our politics. To put it more brashly, McConnell was great at doing political evil. There is now a kind of rearguard effort to remake McConnell as an institutionalist, a last vestige of the pre-Trumpian GOP. And on that last point, being a vestige, there’s some truth. On being an institutionalist, not at all. Mitch McConnell’s great legacy is the thorough institutionalization of minority rule in U.S. politics, especially at the federal level. The first and most obvious part of that is that McConnell, more than anyone else, is the man who broke the United States Senate, largely by domesticating the filibuster. No more a wild bull kept out in the stockade for ugly moments but now living within the household, almost a family member, though no less dangerous and wild. JOIN TO READ MORE LIVE COVERAGE February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 Trump, Tears in His Eyes, Says ‘Sir’ to Judge Member Newsletter by Josh Marshall Admittedly it was without those delicious atmospherics. But the substance was pretty close. Donald Trump now owes the state of New York $454 million. To appeal the verdict and to pause the state’s efforts to collect the judgment during that appeal, Trump has to post a $454 million bond. Today Trump’s lawyers went into court and asked the judge to accept a $100 million bond in lieu of the $454 million. They said that $100 million was as much as Trump could come up with. If the judge rejected the plea, “properties would likely need to be sold to raise capital under exigent circumstances.” In other words, Trump would have to sell off property at fire-sale prices and suffer harm that could not be undone if he gets the judgment thrown out on appeal. Associate Justice Anil Singh denied Trump’s request. JOIN TO READ MORE LIVE COVERAGE February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 ‘IVF Sad’ Movement Takes Off Among Capitol Hill GOPs A tale of womps unfolding in the nation’s capital. by Josh Marshall Here’s a good HuffPost piece from TPM alum Igor Bobic. They went to what we might call “IVF Sad” Republicans and asked them about passing a federal law to protect IVF from extremists like those on the Alabama Supreme Court. “IVF Sad” Republicans are Republicans who are discomfited by having to ban IVF or at least don’t want to get caught supporting banning IVF but also have to admit that they agree with the judge who banned it. Marco Rubio, a senator who is an emerging leader in the movement says: “Unfortunately, you have to create multiple embryos [with IVF], and some of those are not used, then you’re now in a quandary.” READ MORE LIVE COVERAGE February 27, 2024February 28, 2024 Some Election Day/Mail Vote Surprises by Josh Marshall This doesn’t significantly change the picture from what I noted before. But something I at least hadn’t figured on is showing up in the numbers. There’s a significant difference between the breakdown of the primary day and the early/mail vote. The gist is that the primary day vote is significantly better for “uncommitted” and the early/mail vote better for Biden. The net effect of this is that Biden seems to be adding to his margins now since the primary day vote was in most cases getting counted first. So for instance, Dearborn (which is the heart of the state’s Arab-American community) had been like 75% for uncommitted. But now it’s at roughly 55% to 41% as the early votes get counted. READ MORE SHOW MORE Loading… Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again. ‘History is Made’: Top Trump Lawyers Texted Gleefully Throughout Attempt To Reverse 2020 Loss Minutes before a violent mob smashed through barricades set up around the Capitol on Jan. 6, Trump attorney Ken Chesebro held out hope that his plan to halt certification was beginning to work. Members of Congress had objected to electors from Arizona, the first of seven swing states in which Chesebro organized slates of fake electors. LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024 | News Right-Wing Lawyer Feigns Skepticism At Extreme Relief He’s Seeking In Affordable Care Act Attack LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024 | Where Things Stand Dems Leap To Respond To SCOTUS Decision On DQ—Even If It Won’t Go Anywhere In This House LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024 | Cafe Texas v. Garland: Another Attack On Women And Democracy From A Radical Judiciary LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 | News Supreme Court Unanimously Rules Disqualification Clause Can’t Keep Trump Off Ballot LIVE COVERAGE March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 | Morning Memo Weisselberg To Plead Guilty To Perjury In Trump Civil Fraud Case recent stories LIVE COVERAGE March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 | Cafe Ben Shapiro’s Hip-Hop Hypocrisy And White Male Grievance Lands Him On Top Charts For A Brief Moment LIVE COVERAGE March 2, 2024March 2, 2024 | Newsletter TPM’s The Weekender: Abortion Pills Come To CVS, Walgreens LIVE COVERAGE March 2, 2024February 27, 2024 | Cafe This Year’s CPAC Attendees Believe, More Than Ever, That Trump Is A Savior LIVE COVERAGE March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 | Live Blog Judge Says He Will Decide Whether To DQ Fani Willis Within Two Weeks LIVE COVERAGE March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 | Morning Memo The Race To Try Trump Before The Election Reaches A Critical Stage LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 | Where Things Stand Cindy Hyde-Smith Takes It Upon Herself To Shut Down IVF Protections, Again LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 | News SCOTUS Tees Up Trump Question That Could Take A Lot Of Mulling To Answer LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 | News Sarah Huckabee Sanders Has Finally Offered An Explanation For Her Super Bowl Extravaganza LIVE COVERAGE February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 | Morning Memo What To Make Of The Supreme Court Taking Trump’s Immunity Case? LIVE COVERAGE February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 | Where Things Stand Supreme Court’s Immunity Gift To Trump Is McConnell’s Legacy SHOW MORE Loading… Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again. podcasts LIVE COVERAGE February 28, 2024 | Podcast Ep. 313: Bye Mitch Kate and Josh talk about Mitch McConnell’s big announcement and the primaries in South Carolina and Michigan. LISTEN the chesebro docs LIVE COVERAGE February 12, 2024February 12, 2024 | Features Two Weeks of Chaos Docs Obtained by TPM Show Trump Lawyers’ Plan To Make Jan. 6 Last For Days On End LIVE COVERAGE February 12, 2024February 12, 2024 | Features The Legal Coup New Documents Reveal How Trump Lawyers Sought ‘Chaos’ to Force SCOTUS, or Whoever Else, to Anoint Trump LIVE COVERAGE February 14, 2024 | Features The Supreme Pressure Campaign Trump Attorneys Gamed Out Which Supreme Court Justices Might Help Them Steal the Election LIVE COVERAGE February 13, 2024February 13, 2024 | Features The Ideas Man How Chesebro’s Most Radical Theories Entered Trump Campaign Planning for Pence and Jan. 6 Masthead Masthead Founder & Editor-in-Chief: Josh Marshall Executive Editor: David Kurtz Managing Editor: John Light Associate Editor: Nicole Lafond Investigations Desk: Josh Kovensky Hunter Walker Reporters: Kate Riga Emine Yücel Khaya Himmelman Editor at Large: John B. Judis General Counsel: Millet Israeli Publisher: Joe Ragazzo Head of Product: Derick Dirmaier Director of Technology: Matt Wozniak Associate Publisher: Jackie Wilhelm Front End Developer: Jacob Harris Senior Designer: Christine Frapech Follow TPM About Memberships Careers Advertise Site Status Privacy Policy FAQ Newsletters Pitch Us Contact Terms of Use CCPA Notice © 2024 TPM MEDIA LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Change Privacy Settings