Home - University of Northern Colorado Jump to main content Request Information Give Visit Apply Menu Apply Visit Request Information Give Admissions Getting Started First-Year Transfer Graduate International Extended Campus Costs And Aid Costs Financial Aid A Closer Look Visit Campus Virtual Tour Orientation Apply Academics Academic Overview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Departments and Colleges Education Abroad Catalog Schedule of Classes Bookstore Research Library Career Readiness Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Recreation Entertainment Fraternities and Sororities Student Affairs and Enrollment Services Student Resources and Support Safety Clubs and Organizations Graduate Student Association Arts The Arts at UNC Arts Calendar Buy Tickets Galleries Athletics Alumni UNC Alumni Association Alumni Outcomes and Success Career and Employer Connections Commencement Giving to UNC For You Admitted Undergraduate Students Admitted Graduate Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents, Friends and Mentors About UNC Overview A Students First University Mission and Vision University Leadership Becoming a Hispanic Serving Institution Contact Us Find People Campus Map Greeley, CO News and Events Directories, Find People, Search Site A-Z Index Find People Office Directory Departments Acronyms Calendar College of Osteopathic Medicine Promises Economic Gains UNC's proposed College of Osteopathic Medicine is set to drive $1.4 billion into Colorado's economy as it tackles the region’s growing physician shortage. This initiative will position the university to shape the future of healthcare, thanks to Governor Polis’ endorsement of the proposed legislation.Discover how UNC will change the face of healthcare Explore our academic options by interest Arts Business Earth and Environmental Education Health and Wellness Humanities Pre-Professional Science and Technology Social Science Social Service View all of our majors and programs 90 %Classes Taught by Faculty 90% of all undergraduate classes are taught exclusively by faculty # 1Lowest Debt At Graduation Lowest average student loan debt at graduation in Colorado among 4-year, public doctoral institutions, CDHE 2020-21 91 %Students are Employed or in graduate school, or in a volunteer or service role within six months of graduation # 1In Social Mobility in Colorado by CollegeNet's Social Mobility Index, 2021 Colorado First-Year Admission Guarantee At UNC we are deeply committed to a students-first approach. With more than 40% of our students identifying as first in their families to attend college, we understand how stressful the college search process can be. Our First-Year Admissions Guarantee for Colorado residents removes the guesswork from knowing whether UNC is a college option for you. FAST TRACK YOUR ACCEPTANCE Attend an Event See Events Take A Tour Schedule Tour Apply Now Get Started UNC is North of the Norm You might see some vibrant new signage in and around campus this fall. The North of the Norm campaign was started in 2022 to represent what UNC is…we do things our own way, at our own pace. North of the Norm distills this spirit and drive into a memorable and distinct phrase. It's a statement of who we are and how we show up in the world.LEARN MORE ABOUT NORTH OF THE NORM Take advantage of Free App Days! To inspire more future students to earn a college degree, University of Northern Colorado is excited to host Free App Days on October 1, December 1, February 1, and April 1 each year.Learn More About Free App Days What will your story be? Find your passion here like so many others before you have. Your spotlight awaits. It all starts with a visit.Visit us News UNC Collaborates on Regional NSF-Funded Initiative on Climate Resilience Board of Trustees Approves 12 New Certificate Programs PHOTOS: Lunar New Year No More Weighting Regardless of FAFSA Delay, First Step is Filling Out Application More News Events 2024 Honored Alumni Induction Ceremony March 23 | 5:30 p.m. - 11 p.m. Help us recognize the 2024 UNC Honored Alumni who share their love of UNC through service, commitment, and dedication. Their leadership is an inspiration and a clear reflection of what it means to be a Bear, involved and invested in the university. The ceremony is your opportunity to celebrate some of the most prominent members of the UNC community, including current and past honorees.This year we are proud to recognize: Delia Haefeli, ’90 Paul Heidger Jr., Ph.D., ’63 and Barbara Heidger, ‘63 Trustee Steve Jordan, Ph.D., ’71 Jamar Rahming, ’06 Kathleen Sears, ’76 Jill Trotter, ’87 Learn more about the honorees at https://www.unco.edu/alumni/blog/2024-honored-alumni.aspx. See Details Spring 2024 Graduate Commencement Ceremony May 03 | 6 p.m. - 8 p.m. See Details Spring 2024 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony May 04 | 9 a.m. - 11 a.m. See Details Spring 2024 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony May 04 | 12 p.m. - 2 p.m. See Details Spring 2024 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony May 04 | 3 p.m. - 5 p.m. See DetailsView Full Calendar Contact UNC 970-351-1890 501 20th St. Greeley, CO 80639 Social Media About UNC UNC Overview Awards & Accolades Leadership Organizational Chart Strategic Plan Accreditation Student Consumer Information Sustainability Quicklinks BOOKSTORE CAMPUS MAP COURSE CATALOG EMPLOYMENT GIVE TO UNC LIBRARIES PARKING SAFETY URSA Open Records Act Page Last Updated: Today | Contact for this Page: Webmaster Privacy Policy | Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity/Title IX Policy & Coordinator Mar 4, 2024