Customer-Centric Marketing Automation Platform | Drip Skip Navigation Drip Demo Drip Back Product Show submenu for Product Know Segmentation Deliver spot-on messages with dynamic segmentation. Do Automation Run multi-channel marketing strategies on autopilot. Email Design + send irresistible emails with ease. Onsite Guide, collect, and connect with customers beyond the inbox. Learn Insights See every customer story through clear insights and data. Don’t take our word for it. Learn about the brands that trust Drip to engage their audiences and grow their revenue. Read Case Studies Pricing Integrations Show submenu for Integrations Featured Integrations Facebook Custom Audiences Shopper Activity API Shopify Plus Sleeknote Stripe Trustpilot Zapier Typeform Explore all 100+ integrations Have a tool that would pair with Drip? If your platform would help us on our mission, we'd love to hear about it. Get in touch For Shopify Learn Show submenu for Learn Podcast Listen to honest conversations with ecommerce founders about what’s working in their marketing today—beyond the inbox. Resources Our best articles, guides, and how-to magic. All in one place. Help Center Learn more about every Drip feature and how to use it with step-by-step instructions. Release Notes Discover all of the latest and greatest Drip product updates—including new products and features, enhancements, and bug fixes. Blog Sign in Get closer to your customers with Drip. Try Drip free Demo Drip Sign in Start of main content Email, Onsite & More for Your Business Big-picture automated marketing that fuels growth. When it comes to growing and engaging your audience, Drip is the easiest way to start the conversation, make it personal, and keep it going strong. Try Drip free Demo Drip Drip for Ecommerce I sell products online (yeah!) Let your store data help you achieve deep segmentation, inform your strategies, and make the right decisions. Knock your multichannel automated marketing out of the park. Try Drip for my ecommerce business Learn more → Drip for Services and Experiences I sell services & experiences (that's me!) Go deep with data-driven segmentation, workflows, and strategies. Nurture sustainable relationships through multichannel automated marketing that feels 100% personal. Try Drip for my business Learn more → Thousands of brands trust Drip to engage their audiences & grow their revenue. Super-personalized automated marketing, at your service. All the tools and insights you need to stand out. Email Design and send irresistible emails with ease. Schedule with confidence knowing they’ll get delivered and get opened, every time. Onsite Drag-and-drop your way to onsite campaigns (some call ‘em popups) that guide, collect, and connect with visitors beyond the inbox. Segmentation Build powerful behavior- and engagement-based segments using a rainbow of data. Connect with audiences according to their most specific traits. Automation Run multichannel, evergreen marketing strategies on autopilot. Set and forget daily marketing tasks. Free up time for everything else on your must-do list. Insights See the full impact of your marketing strategies through detailed dashboards. Adjust, improve, and experience increased lifetime value as a result. Get it all with Drip Get the full Drip experience with our 14-day free trial. Try Drip now Do more with 150+ seamless integrations. Connect your tools and gather the right data. Save time, make informed decisions, and grow as a result. Explore integrations Over 20,000 (very) happyDrip customers. “Drip freaking rules. Beautiful integration.” “Easy to manage, understand and set up.” “The Drip platform and Shopify integration is brilliant.” “We switched from Mailchimp and don't plan on going back!” Drip freaking rules. Beautiful integration. Easy to manage, understand and set up. The Drip platform and Shopify integration is brilliant. We switched from Mailchimp and don't plan on going back! “I love how easy it is to build emails with their visual builder.” “Drip provides excellent customer service, the staff are always friendly and quick to help!” “They are listening to customers and pushing out new features all the time.” I love how easy it is to build emails with their visual builder. Drip provides excellent customer service, the staff are always friendly and quick to help! They are listening to customers and pushing out new features all the time. “The guys at Drip have been really helpful getting things set up and moving.” “You can create amazing workflows using pretty complex logic.” “Everything you need to implement complex automation strategies.” The guys at Drip have been really helpful getting things set up and moving. You can create amazing workflows using pretty complex logic. Everything you need to implement complex automation strategies. “Klaviyo is overrated, clunky, and doesn’t carry strong customer service. Drip on the other hand is intuitive and more sophisticated, with same-day customer care no matter the size of your account.” Dylan JonesCMO, Podium Nutrition Come for the automated marketing. Stay for the endless revenue growth. Start a 14-day free trial, no credit card required. Try Drip free Demo Drip Drip enables customer-centric marketing for 1000s of businesses like yours. Switching from Klaviyo, good design, templates & workflows drew Mimi Green to Drip One year later, Drip has enabled Mimi Green to get more creative with email strategy, and increase repeat purchase rate and workflow-attributed revenue as a result. Read the Mimi Green Story How Haute Hijab Drove $1 Million+ in Revenue With Drip Find out how what started out as a side hustle—selling modest clothes and vintage scarves as hijabs online—turned into a multi-million-dollar ecommerce empire. Read the Haute Hijab Story The Spice House Uses Drip to Build Better Experiences and Boost Revenue Nothing can beat the experience of walking into one of The Spice House’s brick-and-mortar shops, but Drip helps the company come pretty darn close with personalized, meaningful online experiences. Read The Spice House Story Drip Drip Integrations Customers Book a Demo Start a Trial Platforms Platforms Shopify WooCommerce BigCommerce Custom Stores Support Support Help Center Contact Privacy Status Learn Learn Blog Podcast Resources API Reference Workflow Templates Release Notes Product Product Onsite Email Marketing Automation Segmentation Reports Insights & Guidance Comparisons Comparisons Drip vs. ActiveCampaign Drip vs. Klaviyo Drip vs. MailChimp All Comparisons Company Company About Careers Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Partners Follow us Follow us Email Marketing How to Get Email Tone Right [and Adapt it to Your Unique Customer Journey] By Whitney Blankenship Getting email tone right can be tricky – especially when tone in email changes and adapts based on the stage of the customer journey. Read this post 7 min read © Drip. All Rights Reserved. Legal Privacy