Acorns - Invest, Earn, Grow, Spend, Later | Acorns | Acorns Investing Invest Investment account Later Retirement Early Invest for kids Sustainable Sustainable ESG portfolios Bits of Bitcoin Bitcoin ETF Banking Earning Learning Pricing Log in Get started DWAYNE JOHNSON X ACORNS Help grow your money with the Mighty Oak card Get the app Investing Invest Investment account Later Retirement Early Invest for kids Sustainable Sustainable ESG portfolios Bits of Bitcoin Bitcoin ETF Banking Earning Learning Pricing Log in DWAYNE JOHNSON X ACORNS Help grow your money with the Mighty Oak card Dwayne Johnson X Acorns Introducing the limited edition Mighty Oak debit card Introducing a new way of banking that saves and invests for you.6 Plus, earn more with two of the highest APYs available — 3.00% APY on Checking, 5.00% APY on Emergency Fund. Learn more Available only for US residents. Banking services provided by and Mighty Oak Debit Cards issued by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. As of November 13, 2023, Mighty Oak Checking Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is 3.00% and Emergency Fund APY is 5.00%. APY is variable and subject to change. No minimum opening deposit or minimum balance required. Available only for US residents. Banking services provided by and Mighty Oak Debit Cards issued by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. As of November 13, 2023, Mighty Oak Checking Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is 3.00% and Emergency Fund APY is 5.00%. APY is variable and subject to change. No minimum opening deposit or minimum balance required. Acorns helps you save & invest Invest spare change, invest while you bank, earn bonus investments, grow your knowledge and more. Get started Acorns is not a bank. Acorns Visa™ debit cards are issued by Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, Members FDIC for Acorns Checking account holders. CALCULATE YOUR ESTIMATE See your potential Check out our compound interest calculator to see just how much the power of time and compound interest can help your money grow. Initial deposit $ Contributions $ Annual Monthly Weekly Daily Years to grow years Average annual return % Calculate my estimate Potential Future Balance: $XX,XX5 Share Copied! Share Copy link Twitter Facebook The chart shows an estimate of how much an investment could grow over time based on the initial deposit, contribution schedule, time horizon, and interest rate specified. Changes in those variables can affect the outcome. Reset the calculator using different figures to show different scenarios. Results do not predict the investment performance of any Acorns portfolio and do not take into consideration economic or market factors which can impact performance. SAY HELLO TO ACORNS Save, invest and learn from one easy app INVEST LATER EARLY BANKING PERSONAL INVESTING Easy, automated investing Give your money a chance to work towards your financial goals with Round-Ups®, expert-built, diversified portfolios, Recurring Investments, and more. Get started Investing for retirement Later starts today Invest for retirement with our easy Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) and get potential tax advantages. Get started investing for kids Early for kids Time goes fast. Invest in the kids you love now. Start with $5 and give your kids an easy, automated head start. Get started BANKING Banking that saves & invests for you Save with no hidden fees, invest spare change in real-time with every swipe of your Acorns debit card, and invest automatically from every paycheck Get started Easy, automated investing Give your money a chance to work towards your financial goals with Round-Ups®, expert-built, diversified portfolios, Recurring Investments, and more. Get started Later starts today Invest for retirement with our easy Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) and get potential tax advantages. Get started Early for kids Time goes fast. Invest in the kids you love now. Start with $5 and give your kids an easy, automated head start. Get started Banking that saves & invests for you Save with no hidden fees, invest spare change in real-time with every swipe of your Acorns debit card, and invest automatically from every paycheck Get started A BETTER WAY TO INVEST Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Why Acorns - Automatically save and invest with Round-Ups® feature Every purchase you make means an opportunity to invest your spare change! So coffee for $3.25 becomes a $0.75 investment in your future. Expert-built portfolios, suggested for you Acorns diversified portfolios are built by experts and include ETFs managed by pros at the world’s top investment firms like Vanguard and BlackRock. Plus more ways to save, invest and learn Along with your investment account, you get an easy, automated retirement account, banking that saves and invests for you, bonus investments when you shop with thousands of brands and unique ways to grow your knowledge. Security & Protection Acorns Invest, Later & Early accounts are SIPC-protected up to $500,000. SIPC does not protect against market risk, which is the risk inherent in a fluctuating market. For details, please visit www.sipc.org. Acorns checking accounts are FDIC-insured up to $250,000, plus fraud protection, 256-bit data encryption, and all-digital card lock. Learn more about how FDIC protection works at www.fdic.gov. Give your money the chance to work as hard as you do Your Potential is a hypothetical tool that illustrates, how factors such as Recurring Investments (amount and frequency), Round-Ups® investments, Smart Deposit investments, and compound returns may impact the long-term value of an Acorns Account. The tool uses a 6% hypothetical rate of return and hypothetical age range dependent on age band selected by the user. Compounding is the process in which an asset’s earnings are reinvested to generate additional earnings over time. Acorns clients may not experience compound returns and investment results will vary based on market volatility and fluctuating prices. Harness the power of compounding Money doesn’t grow on trees. But with compound returns, money can grow on itself. It’s a long-term investing principle foundational to how Acorns can work for you. THE UP-AND-COMERS With Acorns, everyday Americans have invested over $250,000,000 “This simple investment app has millions of millennials saving every day” - Fast Company “Whether you are building a small play portfolio with spare change or have the ability to go big, Acorns can help you get comfortable with the idea of investing and build your portfolio.” - Business Insider “You think you need thousands of dollars to invest, it's for the rich folks...not the case anymore because there's Acorns." - Good Morning America “Now that you have a new budget and have canceled some of your costly subscriptions, it’s time to start investing. That might sound scary and time-consuming, but for beginners like us, it doesn’t have to be. Meet the Acorns app.” - Yahoo Finance “In a world saturated with trading apps and robo-advisors… Acorns is a threat.” - Forbes “Acorns is one of the top 25 tech companies to watch” - WSJ “Investing is one of the most effective ways to build wealth, and contrary to popular belief, you don’t need a lot of money to get started thanks to Acorns” - CNBC Join the Movement We’re changing the way Americans save & invest every day Sign up today Have any questions? Contact support Products Invest for your future Later starts today Earn extra money Early investors Bank smarter Who we are About Security Careers Press Oak Trees Planted Why start now Learn Pricing Store Affiliates Legal Privacy Policy Investment products | Not FDIC insured | No bank guarantee | May lose valueImportant Disclosures Paid advertisement. Dwayne Johnson is an investor in Acorns Grow Incorporated, is a director of its affiliate Acorns Labs, is an Acorns customer, and together with his creative agency receives substantial compensation from Acorns and its affiliates to promote Acorns and therefore has a conflict of interest that can be expected to bias his views. Statements are not necessarily representative of the experience or views of other customers and are not guarantees of performance or success. Nothing here should be viewed as an endorsement or testimonial regarding Acorns Advisers LLC's investment advisory services. Acorns is not a bank. Acorns Visa™ debit cards and banking services are issued and provided by Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, Members FDIC, to Acorns Checking account holders that are U.S. residents over the age of eighteen (18).Investing involves risk, including loss of principal. Please consider, among other important factors, your investment objectives, risk tolerance and Acorns’ pricing before investing. Investment advisory services offered by Acorns Advisers, LLC (Acorns), an SEC-registered investment advisor. Brokerage services are provided to clients of Acorns by Acorns Securities, LLC, an SEC-registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. 1. Round-Ups® investments are transferred from your linked funding source (checking account) to your Acorns Invest account, where the funds are invested into a portfolio of selected ETFs. If you do not maintain an adequate amount of funds in your funding source sufficient to cover your Round-Ups® investment, you could incur overdraft fees with your financial institution. Only purchases made with Round-Up accounts linked to your Acorns account with the feature activated are eligible for the Round- Ups® investment feature. Round-Up investments from your funding source will be processed when your Pending Round-Ups® investments reach or exceed $5. 2. Acorns Checking Real-Time Round-Ups® invests small amounts of money from purchases made using an Acorns Checking account into the client’s Acorns Investment account. Requires both an active Acorns Checking account and an Acorns Investment account in good standing. Real-Time Round-Ups® investments accrue instantly for investment during the next trading window. 3. A properly suggested portfolio recommendation is dependent upon current and accurate financial and risk profiles. Clients who have experienced changes to their goals, financial circumstances, or investment objectives, or who wish to modify their portfolio recommendation, should promptly update their information in the Acorns app or through the website. 4. Acorns Earn provides subscribers access to shop with our partners and earn bonus investments into your Acorns Invest portfolios when purchasing items from the partner brands. Acorns Earn rewards investments are made by Acorns Grow, Incorporated into your Acorns Invest account through a partnership Acorns Grow maintains with each Acorns Earn partner. Acorns may receive compensation from business partners in connection with certain promotions in which Acorns refers clients to such partners for the purchase of non-investment consumer products or services. This type of marketing partnership gives Acorns an incentive to refer clients to business partners instead of to businesses that are not partners of Acorns. This conflict of interest affects the ability of Acorns to provide clients with unbiased, objective promotions concerning the products and services of its business partners. This could mean that the products and/or services of other businesses, that do not compensate Acorns, may be more appropriate for a client than the products and/or services of Acorns business partners. Subscribers are, however, not required to purchase the products and services Acorns promotes. 5. Acorns Subscription Fees are assessed based on the tier of services in which you are enrolled. Acorns does not charge transactional fees, commissions or fees based on assets for accounts under $1 million. Acorns may receive compensation from business partners in connection with certain promotions in which Acorns refers clients to such partners for the purchase of non-investment consumer products or services. This type of marketing partnership gives Acorns an incentive to refer clients to business partners instead of to businesses that are not partners of Acorns. This conflict of interest affects the ability of Acorns to provide clients with unbiased, objective promotions concerning the products and services of its business partners. This could mean that the products and/or services of other businesses, that do not compensate Acorns, may be more appropriate for a client than the products and/or services of Acorns business partners. Subscribers are, however, not required to purchase the products and services Acorns promotes. 6. Acorns is not a bank. Acorns Visa™ debit cards and banking services are issued by Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, members FDIC. Acorns Checking clients are not charged overdraft fees, maintenance fees, or ATM fees for cash withdrawals from in-network ATMs. Please see your Acorns Subscription Center or Account Statements for a description of the fees you pay to Acorns for its services. Any balances you hold with Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, including but not limited to those balances held in Acorns Checking accounts are added together and are insured up to $250,000 per depositor through Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, Members FDIC. If you have funds jointly owned, these funds would be separately insured for up to $250,000 for each joint account owner. Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank utilizes a deposit network service, which means that at any given time, all, none, or a portion of the funds in your Acorns Checking accounts may be placed into and held beneficially in your name at other depository institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). For a complete list of other depository institutions where funds may be placed, please visit https://www.cambr.com/bank-list. Balances moved to network banks are eligible for FDIC insurance once the funds arrive at a network bank. To learn more about pass-through deposit insurance applicable to your account, please see the Account Documentation. Additional information on FDIC insurance can be found at https://www.fdic.gov/resources/deposit-insurance/. 7. Early Payday depends on the timing of the submission of the payment file from the payer and fraud prevention restrictions. Funds are generally available on the day the payment file is received, up to 2 days earlier than the scheduled payment date. Timing may vary. 8. The ETFs comprising the portfolios charge fees and expenses that will reduce a client’s return. Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the funds carefully before investing. Investment policies, management fees and other information can be found in the individual ETF’s prospectus. Please read each prospectus carefully before investing. 9. Acorns does not provide access to invest directly in Bitcoin. Bitcoin exposure is provided through the ETF BITO, which invests in Bitcoin futures. This is considered a high-risk investment given the speculative and volatile nature. Investments in Bitcoin ETFs may not be appropriate for all investors and should only be utilized by those who understand and accept those risks. Investors seeking direct exposure to the price of bitcoin should consider a different investment. 10. The ESG (Environmental, social, and governance) investment strategies may limit the types and number of investment opportunities available, as a result, the portfolio may underperform others that do not have an ESG focus. Companies selected for inclusion in the portfolio may not exhibit positive or favorable ESG characteristics at all times and may shift into and out of favor depending on market and economic conditions. Environmental criteria considers how a company performs as a steward of nature. Social criteria examine how it manages relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, and the communities where it operates. Governance deals with a company’s leadership, executive pay, audits, internal controls, and shareholder rights. 11. Invest, an individual investment account which invests in a portfolio of ETFs (exchange traded funds) recommended to clients based on their investment objectives, time horizon, and risk tolerance. 12. Later, an Individual Retirement Account (either Traditional, ROTH or SEP IRA) selected for clients based on their answers to a suitability questionnaire. Please consult your tax advisor with any questions. 13. Early, an UTMA/UGMA investment account managed by an adult custodian until the minor beneficiary comes of age, at which point they assume control of the account. Money in a custodial account is the property of the minor. 14. Custom Portfolios are non-discretionary investment advisory accounts, managed by the customer. Custom Portfolios are not available as a stand alone account and clients must have an Acorns Invest account. Custom portfolios are not instant trading. Clients wanting more control over order placement and execution may need to consider alternative investment platforms before adding a Custom portfolio account. 15. The Acorns Premium GoHenry Benefit is available only to Acorns subscribers who subscribe to the Acorns Premium Tier and is for the monthly GoHenry Child or Family Plan Membership Fee, subject to these Waiver Terms. You will remain responsible for any other fees that you owe under the GoHenry Cardholder Terms and Conditions that are not included in the monthly GoHenry Child or Family Plan Membership Fee, as applicable. 16. The GoHenry card is issued by Community Federal Savings Bank, member FDIC, pursuant to a license by Mastercard International. 17. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 18. Acorns reserves the right to restrict or revoke any and all offers at any time. 19. Compounding is the process in which an asset’s earning from either capital gains or interest are reinvested to generate additional earnings over time. It does not ensure positive performance, nor does it protect against loss. Acorns clients may not experience compound returns and investment results will vary based on market volatility and fluctuating prices. 20. Diversification and asset allocation do not guarantee a profit, nor do they eliminate the risk of loss of principal. 21. App rating references the combined all-time star rating received in Google Play and Apple App Store. 22. ‘Save and Invest’ refers to a client’s ability to utilize the Acorns Real-Time Round-Ups® investment feature to seamlessly invest small amounts of money from purchases using an Acorns investment account. 23. The information contained on this website should not considered an offer, solicitation of an offer or advice to buy or sell any security or investment product. The information should not be construed as tax or legal advice. Please consult your tax advisor with any questions.24. Comparisons are based on the national average Annual Percentage Yields (APY) published in the FDIC National Rates and Rate Caps as of October 16, 2023. 25. As of November 13, 2023, Mighty Oak Checking Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is 3.00% and Emergency Fund APY is 5.00%. APY is variable and subject to change. Acorns, Round-Ups® investments, Real-Time Round-Ups® investments, Invest the Change and the Acorns logo are registered trademarks of Acorns Grow Incorporated. All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. For additional important risks, disclosures, and information, please visit https://www.acorns.com/terms/ © 2024 Acorns Grow Incorporated | Disclosures | Accessibility Acorns Invest spare change Get started Get the app ✕