Gaming In-App Monetization & User Acquisition | Chartboost Products Products overview Advertising Acquire new users with Chartboost DSP Monetization Generate ad revenue with Chartboost Mediation Maximize revenues with Chartboost Mediation Marketplace Tap into premium inventory with Chartboost Exchange Solutions Solutions for teams User Acquisition Everything you need to acquire new users Ad Monetization A complete suite for maximizing ad revenue Developers & Product Learn about the tools and tech you need to turn your game into a business Success Stories Resources Resources library All resources Support Guides In-depth guides to level up on UA and monetization Webinars Learn from top UA and monetization experts Blog Stay on top of the industry Glossary Industry terms explained Podcast Listen to UA and AdMon experts share insights Reports Read our experts reports Newsletter Get your 5-min summary the industry relies on Support Company Company center Contact us About Us Learn about Chartboost Careers Explore open roles and apply Partners Explore partnering with Chartboost Press Read about Chartboost in the news Contact us Login Contact us Login Capture new audiences Maximize experiences Grow your business Increase revenue A mobile programmatic advertising platform built by top game developers to make your user acquisition and monetization goals a reality. Monetize Advertise Think bigger What can you achieve with Chartboost? Zynga captures 80% ARPDAU gain from new ad mediation platform Zynga captures 80% ARPDAU gain from new ad mediation platform Zynga, a global leader in interactive entertainment and wholly owned subsidiary of Take-Two, is… Learn More Learn More Rollic Boosts Banner Revenue 46% Using Tech That "Dominates" Rollic Boosts Banner Revenue 46% Using Tech That "Dominates" Rollic is one of the largest hyper-casual game developers and publishers in the world. To date, the… Learn More Learn More Murka achieves 125% ROAS boost with Chartboost DSP Murka achieves 125% ROAS boost with Chartboost DSP Solution In collaboration with Murka, it was clear that the solution to their challenges had to… Learn More Learn More Tactile increased ad spend by 70% on Chartboost Flexbid Tactile increased ad spend by 70% on Chartboost Flexbid Chartboost Flexbid case study written by Tactile. About Tactile Tactile Games is a Danish game… Learn More Learn More A leading in-app monetization and programmatic advertising platform Comprehensive Complete solutions designed to help you drive more revenue by unlocking your user acquisition, monetization, and mediation goals. Trust No black boxes or uncompetitive practices. With us, you get the best results while fully controlling your audience and revenue. Flexibility Propel your advertising and monetization efforts, no matter where you are in your journey. We help you connect with your audience in the most effective way possible. Designed to meet your needs User Acquisition Attract the players you want. Reach your target audience and acquire more high-quality users while scaling your budget efficiently. Learn more Learn more Mediation Auction without bias. Premier demand, unified auction, transparent data and processes, full control. Learn more Learn more Monetization Maximize revenue. A competitive marketplace increases ARPDAU revenue, IAP revenue, and lifetime value (LTV). Learn more Learn more Partners Discover new opportunities. Access new demand and supply sources to connect your customers with diverse audiences that scale their programs. Learn more Learn more Our customers The industry’s most innovative advertisers and publishers are using Chartboost. zynga.com zynga.com taketwo.com taketwo.com growth and scale at your fingertips Learn More Learn More 60B+ global annual impressions Learn more Learn more 700M+ global monthly active users Sharpen your skills with industry-leading resources User Acquisition Audience segmentation 101: The mobile game developer’s guide Audience segmentation can be a game-changer. From defining user personas to crafting personalized experiences and prioritizing user privacy, this comprehensive guide can help you elevate your mobile game advertising strategy. Uncover the secrets to improved targeting precision, enhanced audience engagement, and a better ROI. May 11 · Nick Schultz · 7 Min read Monetization Funnel metrics: Optimizing your mobile game at every stage Explore the nuances of game performance optimization by delving into stages that unveil user behavior, retention dynamics, and monetization strategies. May 11 · Nick Schultz · 7 Min read User Acquisition Mastering user acquisition: 5 steps to mobile game success From understanding your audience to optimizing app store listings and creating compelling ads, dive into the five key strategies that will skyrocket your game’s visibility and user base. May 11 · Nick Schultz · 9 Min read User Acquisition 9 UA challenges and solutions for mobile game marketers The top challenges in user acquisition range from ad fatigue to escalating marketing costs. UA marketers must craft better ads, create engaging games, and leverage the right tools for success. May 11 · Nick Schultz · 8 Min read Explore More Subscribe to the newsletter Success in the gaming industry relies on staying on top of your craft. The only ad platform built by mobile game experts © 2023 Chartboost, Inc. Products Advertise Marketplace Mediate Monetize Solutions User Acquisition Ad Monetization Developers Resources Resources Hub Blog Reports Glossary Newsletter Webinars Podcast Success Stories Documentation Company About Careers Partners Contact us Terms and Conditions T&C Addendum Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Notice Data Sharing Addendum Tipalti Agreement Subprocessors Advertiser Guidelines Security Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings