Drag & Drop WordPress Themes • Themify Themes All Themes Pricing User Showcase Builder Pro Builder Plugin Builder Addons Plugins Builder Pro Themify Builder Post Type Builder Themify Tiles Announcement Bar Themify Popup Product Filter Conditional Menus Themify Icons View All Plugins Blog Affiliates Contact Members Member Area Support Forums Documentation Support FAQ Premium WordPress Themes & Plugins Since 2010, Themify themes and plugins have been helping 120,686+ customers make beautifully responsive WordPress sites, faster and easier than ever. Master Club Get the 'all-in-one' WordPress toolkit that includes ALL Themify themes and plugins, empowering you to build any WordPress site you can imagine. Get Master Club $89 30-day risk free money back guarantee! 42 Themes Currently 42 responsive themes & counting 11 Plugins Total 11 plugins (including the popular Post Type Builder) & counting 24 Builder Addons Addons for the Builder such as Mosaic, Tiles, Contact, and more 5 PTB Addons 5 addons for Post Type Builder & counting Photoshop Files Includes all Photoshop mockup files of all themes Product Highlights Feeling a bit overwhelmed with all of our themes and plugins? No worries! We'll highlight a few key products below. Ultra Theme Used by thousands of freelancers and site owners, Ultra is Themify's flagship theme due to its extreme power and flexibility. It is a true multi-purpose theme that can be used for any type of site. With a variety of layout options (header, footer, post layouts, etc.) that can be selected site-wide or for individual pages, and including a wide selection of skins & pre-made demos, Ultra is most developers' first theme choice. View Demo Shoppe Theme Shoppe is a must-have theme for building eCommerce sites. It is equipped with a bevy of eCommerce features such as wishlist, quick look, mega menu, ajax cart, quick search, and so many more, as seen on professional shop sites. Similar to the Ultra theme, Shoppe also includes many layout options and collection of skins aka pre-made sites. Switch your site to Shoppe now and custom create your professional online shop! View Demo Music Theme Music is our 'all-in-one' theme for musicians. It includes a few custom post types to publish albums, videos, galleries, events, and press releases. The highlight of Music is our special continuous audio player. Visitors can enjoy non-stop music while browsing your site. Get your music stage-ready today, with Themify Music. View Demo View All 48 Themes Themify Builder & Addons With Themify's drag-&-drop Builder, you can design literally any kind of layout! Themify Builder is packed with our built-in tools like our flexible grid system, responsive styling, sticky & parallax scrolling, video background, animation styles, and more. The Builder is extendable with addons such as Mosaic, Maps Pro, Contact, Pricing Table, and much more (total 24 addons and counting). View All Addons Post Type Builder Bundle WordPress by default only has post and page types. If you need to build unique content and post types, Post Type Builder (PTB) is for you. With PTB, you can create any new custom post types, including property listings, movie & restaurant reviews, classified ads, and more. It is extendable with addons, which means you can do things like displaying posts on a map, creating an advanced search form to search specific custom fields in the post type, allowing users to submit posts on the frontend, and much more! More Info What Can I Build with Themify? Below are some of the WordPress sites created by our members using Themify themes & plugins. These are just a few of the latest examples. Visit our Showcase for more. Fischerfm Pro Test Kit based on Shoppe ---- by Jurrk I love Themify support team that goes above and beyond. I love the hooks feature. I love the import & export features. I love Themify! Enso based on Ultra ---- by Jason | ENSO After nearly a 15-year hiatus from WordPress, diving back into building on the platform felt daunting, but Themify’s Ultra template was a game-changer. The level of customization it offers is astounding; it has allowed me to easily bring to life any idea I conceive, making the design process both intuitive and enjoyable. Erika Elinor M Select Car Rental based on Ultra Man Cave Barbershop based on Ultra ---- by Sjoerd This theme let you easy build a custom design! Super! Sign Up Now Whether you are a site owner or a freelancer providing web development services, becoming a Themify member is your best valued toolkit. Pay one low price to get access to all of our latest tools that empower you to build beautiful and modern WordPress sites with just a click. 42 WordPress Themes 11 Plugins 24 Builder Addons 5 PTB Addons All Theme Photoshop Files Includes One-year Support & Updates Get Master Club Now $89 30-day risk free money back guarantee! If you don't like it, we will refund your money. Back to Top Powered by WordPress ©Themify.me 2024 Products Themes Club Builder Announcement Info Pricing Terms | Privacy Affiliates Blog Support Documentation FAQs Forums Contact Themify 7.5 has released! Please read the update notes.