TEDxManhattan “Changing the Way We Eat” (Change Food Now) - Cherry Picks Home Blog Best Products Products Categories Movies & TV Musical Instruments Health & Household Beauty & Personal Care Electronics Appliances Arts, Crafts & Sewing Automotive Baby Books Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Grocery & Gourmet Food Home & Kitchen Industrial & Scientific Office Products Patio, Lawn & Garden Pet Supplies Sports & Outdoors Tools & Home Improvement Toys & Games Video Games Kitchen & Dining CDs & Vinyl Computers & Accessories Software Camera & Photo Products Handmade Products Gift Cards Christmas Mother's Day Holiday Shopping Deals HomeBlog TEDxManhattan - Changing the Way We Eat (Change Food Now) Andre M. Willis Last Updated: January 25,2022 All Categories Featured Picks Top Sellers Blog About Us Disclaimer Contact Food is a very important part of life. And, the way we eat affects how we see food overall. So, changing the way we eat is crucial to how we view food, live, and experience food. Sustainable food is an important part of the dynamic of change in the future. Everyone needs to feed off the innovation of technology but at the same time be cognitive of the fact that the world has changed. The way we eat is crucial and determines a lot of how we see and consume food. Table Of Contents TEDxManhattan officially retired on 2015About TEDxManhattan TEDxManhattan Becomes Change Food What's CherryPicks learn from Change Food (TEDxManhattan) Eating and Food Who we are and What We Eat Sustainability and Food History of Food and Development Food Factors for Change What Food Represents Additional information about TEDxManhattan Event (2011 - 2015) TEDxManhattan 2015 Event TEDxManhattan 2014 Event TEDxManhattan 2013 Event TEDxManhattan 2012 Event TEDxManhattan 2011 Event TEDxManhattan officially retired on 2015 CherryPicks as a food researcher, Participated in almost all event held by TEDxManhattan except 2012, We miss those good times, we can learn a lot of useful knowledge about the food we're eating, and we can meet interesting vegetarian and health experts. About TEDxManhattan TEDxManhattan "Changing the Way We Eat" was licensed and organized by Diane Hatz, founder and executive director of Change Food. The first event took place in February 2011; the fifth event took place on March 7, 2015. TEDxManhattan 2015 event on Saturday, March 7, 2015, at the TimesCenter in New York City, you watch the 2015 event video online, the 2015 Event detailed information can be found here. TEDxManhattan 2014 event took place on Saturday, March 1, 2014. You can watch the 2014 talks online, the 2014 Event detailed information can be found here. TEDxManhattan 2013 “Changing the Way We Eat” took place on February 16, 2013, in New York City. You can watch all the 2013 talks online, the 2013 Event detailed information can be found here. TEDxManhattan 2012 event you can watch all the 2012 talks online (We did not attend the event in 2012), the 2012 Event detailed information can be found here. TEDxManhattan 2011 event you can watch all 2011 event videos online, 2011 Event detailed information can be found here. What is TEDx? x = independently organized event In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TED has created a program called TEDx. TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. Our event is called TEDxManhattan "Changing the Way We Eat", where x = independently organized TED event. At our TEDxManhattan event, TEDTalks video and live speakers will combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events, including ours, are self-organized. TEDxManhattan officially retired on September 30, 2015! As of April 2015, TEDxManhattan "Changing the Way We Eat" has been retired. Licensee Diane Hatz will continue with events, conferences, and a wider range of experiences focused on sustainable food and farming, so please opt into her mailing list for more information. All future events produced by Diane will not be affiliated with TED, TEDx or TEDxManhattan, and Diane is keeping the food events on with changefood (dot) org, named as "Change Food", works toward for a healthier food system for people, animals & the planet. TEDxManhattan Becomes Change Food Change Food works toward a healthy food system worldwide. The program aims to foster a healthier food system for people, animals & the planet. This is a concept that is humanistic and aims to give the people of the world a chance to expand their needs. Sustainability is key and needs to bring together many different factors. For example, expect to bring together everything from how the food is produced (Top picks Produce food by CherryPicks), distributed, and to the packaging and consumption. Sad to hear Change Food is has retired, more detail here. What's CherryPicks learn from Change Food (TEDxManhattan) Eating and Food When we think of how we eat, we need to discuss ourselves and our backgrounds. Our history as people involves genetic, personality, behavioral, and educational factors. Research, experience about how we eat has shown a lot about food in general. Our dietary choices, especially in regards to how much we enjoy food, affect how we eat. Those who enjoy food more may have a more difficult time controlling themselves and making good choices, even if they know better. Who we are and What We Eat Personality and life histories are a massive part of who we are overall. Food plays a role in deciding our choices in how we eat. Our desire to eat drives the choices, but our conscious effort to create change in what we eat leads to more discovery. When we look at food (Our Gourmet Food Picks), there has been a lot of development and natural change. Grains have sustained and fed the vast majority of people for thousands of years. To imagine living and life without grains then you had to see how to view food. At one time, many people historically had problems with poverty and starvation, therefore the nature of food was changing. Sustainability and Food When we look at the term of food and sustainability we need to understand the term fully. The technical definitions for sustainability are filled with misconceptions. For example, sustainability is about a combination and mix of things from packing to consumption. Sustainability is directly the ability and potential to achieve our needs without compromising the future. Moreover, this includes carbon tracking and green operations to give us an environmental and thoughtful approach overall. Money and politics may taint the way we see food. But,the issues with everything when it comes to food sovereignty is what is key. One of the most impactive things we can each do everyday is to support local agriculture and local businesses. History of Food and Development The pressure and movement for change in food has been growing even in modern times. As we can see, there is a lot of widespread research that shows the limitations of how we see food. The governmental aspect is what changed most especially in the USA. For example, the food pyramid the USDA had used for a long time to educate Americans in nutrition was changing. Food Guide Pyramid - A Guide to Daily Food Choices (source) In the end, this food chart is actually the opposite. It should be all together. In general, grains and carbs should be eaten less and not as often overall, such as Alcoholic Beverages, Brewing & Winemaking, Breads & Bakery, Breakfast Foods, Candy & Chocolate, and Snack Foods. Perhaps, as we see food change, our diet should consist mainly of protein and fat, such as Dairy, Eggs, Deli & Prepared Foods, Meat & Seafood. Are you someone who values health above all else then making the right decisions is key? In deciding to eat meat or not to eat meat or Meat Substitutes then you have to make the choice about how to make food enjoyable. Your food decisions will be based on ethics, or merely on what tastes good is the question. Food Factors for Change Is price a primary factor for you and food? Do you eat to comfort yourself? Does your background prevent you from enjoying eating anything but the healthiest or most natural foods? These are ways that guide our decisions to eat in a healthier way overall. Behavior and our habits and food routines with other people is also important in how we view food in general. Our backgrounds with our family or belief system can result in deeply entrenched habits that are difficult to break or cause you to swear that you will never again repeat the mistakes of the past . Food education is something that is criminally neglected, even in those parts of the world where we have the luxury of not having to worry about having enough to eat. We literally are what we eat, and there is a lot to know about nutrition and eating for health. Eating right and healthy is one of the most effective ways to stay healthy. Most people I've met aren't even aware of the common deficiencies in our modern diet and what to do about them. What Food Represents In general, the symbolism of food itself plays a big part in the way in which individuals react to food. For some cultures, food becomes a symbol of social issues and integration, of sharing and caring, and for these people when they share the food of their culture with their friends they are transported back to pleasant childhood memories, and of the social capital of the environment they grew up in. For others living in an affluent society and where food is abundant, food becomes a fuel for the body and loses its nurturing symbolism. An active lifestyle, food fads, body image, and a whole host of factors may make people react to food either as a gastronomic delight or merely as an energy source to sustain life. One thing for sure, in countries where food is scarcity then there is no question that whatever food they can get to sustain life would be appreciated. In the end, it is how we see food from beginning to end that will change how we see food. Sustainable food needs a coordinated effort from beginning to end to be successful. Additional information about TEDxManhattan Event (2011 - 2015) TEDxManhattan 2015 Event 2015 Run of Show (02/21/15) TEDxManhattan Registration 9:30 – 10:30. Webcast begins promptly at 10:30 (ALL TIMES EASTERN) Session 1 – Sharing the Vision (10:30 – 12:15) Introductions Intro: Tom Colicchio Speaker 1 – Danny Meyer – Fine dining and chain restaurants – the evolvement and overlap of the two Intro – Urvashi Rangan Speaker 2 – Anim Steel – Food justice Intro – Paul Lightfoot Speaker 3 – Ali Partovi – What’s the real reason organic food costs more? (Hint: It’s not because it’s more expensive to produce) Intro – Megan Miller Speaker 4 – Stephen Reily – How do cities build platforms to help the local food economy achieve sustainability and scale? Film clip: The Meatrix – Re-make and re-launch of the hugely successful 2003 viral phenomenon Intro – Wenonah Hauter Speaker 5 – Michele Merkel – What is legal is not always right – fighting for justice in rural America LUNCH 12:15 – 1:30 (Webcast offline/break) Session 2 – Shaping Our World (1:30 – 3:30) Intro – Mitchell Davis Speaker 6 – Debra Eschmeyer – Let’s Move! and White House initiatives Intro – Andrew Gunther Speaker 7 – Stefanie Sacks – How small changes in eating can make big differences Intro – Peggy Neu Speaker 8 – Robert Graham – Teaching doctors about the importance of food to health Intro – Gary Oppenheimer Speaker 9 – Marcel Van Ooyen – Scaling up local food distribution to take it from niche to mainstream Intro – Sunny Young Speaker 10 – Joel Berg – The only real way to end hunger in America Intro – Ann Cooper Speaker 11 – Dana Cowin – The power of ugly vegetables. Speaker 12 – TEDxManhattan Award Winner – Stephen Ritz, Green Bronx Machine. School. Kids. Community. Food. The educational community center Steve is building in a school in the Bronx. Speaker 13 – DJ Cavem (with Alkemia Earth) – Health education through art and hip hop music BREAK 3:30 – 4:10 (Webcast Offline) Session 3 – Lighting the Future (4:10 – 6:00pm) Intro: Sam Van Aken Speaker 14 – Henry Hargreaves – How end-of-the-world doomsday preppers are thinking about their food Film clip: Anna Lappe – Real Food Media Project winner Speaker 15 – Shen Tong – Investing in food businesses Intro – Lance Price Speaker 16 – Kendra Kimbirauskas – The good food movement and the explosion of factory farms in the U.S. Film clip: Regina Bernard-Carreno and Alison Cayne Speaker 17 – Danielle Nierenberg – Why the food system will fall apart without women farmers Intro: Myra Goodman Speaker 18 – Nikiko Masumoto – Farming and a vision for farmers 6:00 WEBCAST OFFLINE/END TEDxManhattan 2014 Event 9:30 Registration and breakfast 10:30 Session 1: EXPAND (Webcast begins) Jen Chapin and Martha Redbone with Rosetta Trio Intro – Brian Halweil, Editor, Edible East End; Publisher, Edible Manhattan and Edible Brooklyn Peggy Neu, President, The Monday Campaigns – “Meatless Monday: a simple idea goes global” Intro – Kathy Lawrence, Program Director, School Food FOCUS Michael Rozyne, Executive Director, Red Tomato – “Local food distribution, all that’s invisible to the eaters” Intro – Tama Wong, Principal, Meadows and More Megan Miller, Founder, Bitty Foods – “Crickets as protein source” Film clip – Steve Ritz, Founder, Green Bronx Machine Intro – Michel Nischan, President/CEO, Wholesome Wave Andrew Gunther, Program Director, Animal Welfare Approved – “How big business had the right idea but went wrong” Intro – David McInerney, Co-Founder, FreshDirect Dr. Lance Price, Professor, George Washington University – “How antibiotic use in food animal production can negatively affect human health” Intro – Bill Yosses, Executive Pastry Chef, The White House David Binkle, Director of Food Services, Los Angeles Unified School District – “Changing What Students Eat At School” 12:30 LUNCH 1:40 Session 2: COLLABORATE Video – San Van Aken – Tree of 40 Fruits, Artist Intro – Stefani Bardin, Faculty, The New School Matt Moore, Family Farmer, Artist, Activist, The Digital Farm Collective – “Social change artists and the food movement” Intro – Maisie Ganzler, Vice President, Bon Appetit Management Company Regina Bernard-Carreno, Assistant Professor, Baruch College, CUNY – “Hunting for Food: Race, Class and Access in New York City” Martha Redbone and Jen Chapin with Rosetta Trio Intro – Ann Cooper, Founder, Food Family Farming Foundation Sunny Young, Director, Edufood Consulting – “School food in Mississippi” Intro – Wenonah Hauter, Executive Director, Food & Water Watch Virginia Clarke, Executive Director, Sustainable Agriculture and Food Systems Funders – “Changing the way we give” Intro – Paul Lightfoot, BrightFarms Alison Cayne, Owner, Havens Kitchen – “The food movement in historical context” Intro – Elizabeth Meltz, Director of Food Safety and Sustainability, Batali/Bastianich Hospitality Group Nikki Silvestri, Executive Director, Green for All – “The complexity and rich experience of building true allies while working to create change” BREAK 3:40 4:20 Session 3: GROW Jen Chapin and Martha Redbone with Rosetta Trio Intro – Mitchell Davis, Executive Vice President, James Beard Foundation Myra Goodman, Co-founder, Earthbound Farm – “In praise of big organic” Intro – Kerry McLean, Director of Community Development, WHEDco Saru Jayaraman, Co-Founder and Co-Director, Restaurant Opportunities Centers United (ROC United) – “Restaurant workers” Intro – Cheryl Kollin, Founding Principal, Full Plate Ventures Clint Smith, Educator, Parkdale High School – “Resilience: Reframing the Narrative Around Our Students” Intro – Peter Hoffman, Chef/Owner, Back Forty and Back Forty West Chellie Pingree, Congresswoman, U.S. House of Representatives (Maine) – “Congress and a sustainable food system” Intro – Kenneth Cook, President and Co-founder, Environmental Working Group Tom Colicchio, Chef/Owner, Craft Restaurants; Head Judge “Top Chef,” Cookbook Author – “Vote food” Jen Chapin and Martha Redbone with Rosetta Trio TEDxManhattan 2013 Event TEDxManhattan “Changing the Way We Eat” took place February 16, 2013, in New York City. You can watch all the talks online. Speakers with various backgrounds in food and farming share their insights and expertise. A highlight of the event is the ample time given for attendees to meet each other and look for new synergies and new ideas to help bolster the sustainable food movement. 9:30 am Registration and light breakfast 10:30 am Session 1: Inform ETHEL, featuring Ulysses Owens Jr. Welcome and Introduction Intro: Diane Hatz, Curator/Host, TEDxManhattan; Co-Founder & Former Director, The Glynwood Institute for Sustainable Food and Farming LaDonna Redmond, Senior Program Associate, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy Intro: Mitchell Davis, Executive Vice President, The James Beard Foundation Fred Bahnson, Director, Food, Faith, & Religious Leadership Initiative, Wake Forest University School of Divinity Intro: Urvashi Rangan,Ph.D., Senior Scientist and Director, GreenerChoices.org, Consumers Union/Consumer Reports Simran Sethi, Journalist, educator and strategist Film Clip: “Standing Ground”(working title) – Diane and Marlene Halverson Performance – Kaki King Intro: Paul Lightfoot, CEO, BrightFarms Gary Hirshberg, Chairman, Stonyfield Farm Intro – Gary Oppenheimer, Founder and Executive Director, AmpleHarvest.org Tama Matsuoka Wong, Principal, MeadowsandMore 12:15 LUNCH 1:30pm Session 2: Educate Intro – Stephen Ritz,Founder, Green Bronx Machine; Dean of Students, Hyde Leadership Charter School Video – The TEDxManhattan Sign Intro – Dr. William Li, President, Medical Director, and Co-founder, Angiogenesis Foundation Anna Lappé, Founding Principal, Small Planet Institute and Small Planet Fund Intro – Marianne Cufone,Executive Director, Recirculating Farms Coalition Annemarie Colbin, Ph.D., Founder and CEO, Natural Gourmet Institute for Health and Culinary Arts Performance – Kaki King & ETHEL Intro – Dr.David Wallinga,Senior Advisor in Science, Food and Health, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy Peter Lehner, Executive Director, NRDCand NRDC Action Fund Intro – Wenonah Hauter, Executive Director, Food & Water Watch Steve Wing, Associate Professor, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Film clip – “Food Chains”– Sanjay Rawal Intro – Karen Hudson,Farmer; Board Member, Illinois Citizens for Clean Air & Water; Consultant, Socially Responsible Agricultural Project Peter Hoffman, Chef/Owner, Back Forty and Back Forty West Intro – Michel Nischan, Owner and Founder, Dressing Room: A Homegrown Restaurant; President and CEO, Wholesome Wave Bill Yosses, ExecutivePastry Chef, The White House 3:20pm BREAK 3:55pm New York audience seated for prize drawings 4:00pm Session 3 – Empower Performance – ETHEL, featuring Ulysses Owens Jr. Update – Britta Riley, Founder & CEO, Windowfarms Viewing party check in Intro: Curt Ellis,Co-Founder and Executive Director, FoodCorps Maisie Greenawalt, Vice President of Strategy, Bon Appétit Management Company Intro – Cheryl Rogowski, Farmer, W. Rogowski Farm Lindsey Lusher Shute, Executive Director and Co-Founder, National Young Farmers’ Coalition Intro – Kavita Shukla, Founder, Fenugreen Cheryl Kollin, Founding Principal, Full Plate Ventures LLC(TEDxManhattan Challenge winner) Film Clip – “A Place at the Table” – Participant Media Intro – Frederick Kaufman, Professor, CUNY Graduate School of Journalism; Journalist Ann Cooper, Renegade Lunch Lady; Partner, Lunch Lessons, LLC; Director, Food Services Boulder Valley School District; Founder, Food Family Farming Foundation: The Lunch Box, Let’s Move Salad Bars to Schools Intro – Majora Carter, CEO, Hometown Security Laboratories David McInerney, Co-Founder, FreshDirect Closing and music – Kaki King, Ulysses Owens Jr. & ETHEL 5:40 – 6:15 Reception 7:00pm on Dinners at sustainable restaurants TEDxManhattan 2012 Event We (Cherry Picks Reviews) do not join this event, still, you can check all videos here, So do not have the detail for this event, If you have that, You can easily send it to Andre@cherrypicksreviews.com. And update the detailed information here. TEDxManhattan 2011 Event TEDxManhattan “Changing the Way We Eat” February 12th, 2011 10:30am – 6:00pm (webcast); 9:30am-6:30pm (in person) Event Program 9:30am (All times eastern standard) Registration and light breakfast 10:30am (Webcast begins) Session 1 – What happened? ETHEL Welcome Laurie David, Environmental activist, producer and author Carolyn Steel, Architect and Author – How Food Shapes our Cities (TEDTalk Video) Cheryl Rogowski, Family Farmer and McArthur Genius Award recipient Karen Hudson, President Dairy Education Alliance, co-founder ICCAW (Illinois Citizens for Clean Air and Water) Ken Cook, President and Co-Founder Environmental Working Group Performance Scott Kahan, MD, MPH, Co-Director George Washington University Weight Management Center, Clinical Director S.T.O.P Obesity Alliance, Faculty George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Kathy Lawrence, Program Director School Food FOCUS 12:15pm Lunch 1:30pm Session 2 – Where are we? Dan Barber, Executive Chef and Co-Owner Blue Hill Restaurant – How I Fell in Love with a Fish (TEDTalk Video) 2011 TEDxManhattan Fellows Brian Halweil, Senior Fellow Worldwatch Institute, Co-Director Nourishing the Planet, Editor Edible East End, Publisher Edible Manhattan and Brooklyn Lucas Knowles, USDA Coordinator Know Your Farmer Know Your Food Barbara Askins, President & CEO 125th Street Business Improvement District Elizabeth Meltz, Director of Food Safety and Sustainability, Batali/Bastianich Hospitality Group Performance Dr. Melony Samuels, Founder and Director Bed-Stuy Campaign Against Hunger (BSCAH) Ian Cheney, Co-Founder Truck Farm, Peabody award-winning filmmaker Josh Viertel, President, Slow Food USA 3:15pm Break 4:00pm Session 3 – Where are we going? Dr. William Li, President Angiogenesis Foundation – Can We Eat to Starve Cancer? (TEDTalk Video) Dr. William Li update Michael Conard, Assistant Director Urban Design Lab and Adjunct Associate Professor, Graduate School of Architecture, Planning, and Preservation at Columbia University Britta Riley, Artist and Co-Founder, Windowfarms Elizabeth Ü, Founder and Executive Director Finance for Food Performance TEDxManhattan Challenge Frederick Kaufman, Professor CUNY Graduate School of Journalism Curt Ellis, Co-Founder FoodCorps, Peabody award-winning filmmaker Michel Nischan, Chef, President/CEO Wholesome Wave Foundation, Owner/Founder Dressing Room restaurant, cookbook author 6:00pm Webcast offline ½ hour reception Featured Reviews Commercial Food Pans 5,609 Reviews Analyzed Commercial Food Warmers 4,528 Reviews Analyzed Dehydrated & Freeze-Dried Cat Food 25,290 Reviews Analyzed International Cooking, Food & Wine 34,069 Reviews Analyzed Food Holding & Warming Equipment 3,440 Reviews Analyzed Food Service Countertop Display Cases 891 Reviews Analyzed Commercial Food Holding & Warming Equipment 6,375 Reviews Analyzed Commercial Food Preparation Equipment 4,505 Reviews Analyzed Food Containers 556,750 Reviews Analyzed Related Posts Aldi Cat Food: All You Need to Know! Aldi Cat Food comes in different kinds, flavors, and prices. Read on to learn about the cat foods you can get while you shop at Aldi. Owning a pet is ... June 02,2022 Nom Nom Pet Food Review: Give Your Pet The Freshest Food Right Now! If you are looking for fresh food packed with extra nutrients and vitamins for your pet, then you need to learn more about Nom Nom pet food to know what th... April 05,2022 12 Best Cat Food Brands: Keep Health of Your Cats and Kittens This list of cat food brands gives you a glimpse into the best brands out there and factors you need to keep in mind before choosing one. Find the perfect ca... May 27,2023 ALDI Dog Food (Types and Ingredients) Pets are wonderful, loyal members of our family. We value our pets and ensure they have a happy and healthy life. But have you ever wondered if there is anyt... December 04,2022 Thistle Food Delivery Review: Fresh Prepared Meal Delivery! Do you want an honest analysis of the Thistle Food Delivery company or want to deeply understand the food ingredients they deliver to their customers and t... September 29,2022 Little Spoon Review: Dose It Really the Healthy Organic Baby Food? Little Spoon claims to offer healthy organic baby food, but should you buy it for your baby? Let's find out if it's true or just a scam! ... March 26,2022 Featured Brands | Top Sellers | Blog CherryPicksReviews is your go-to platform for making quick, data-driven shopping decisions with up-to-date, unbiased information for comprehensive and detailed product Categories, in an atmosphere of trust and transparency. About Us • How We Rank • Contact We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Amazon, Amazon Prime, the Amazon logo, and the Amazon Prime logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Advertising Disclosure • Price Disclaimer PRIVACY • TERMS • DISCLAIMER © 2024 CherryPicks Digital, LLC. All Rights reserved ⌃