Cincinnati Zoo | Accredited Member of the AZA Search Plan Your Adventure Buy Tickets Membership Zoo Today Zoo Map Hours & Directions Zoo Access for All Rides & Attractions Dining & Shopping Behind The Scenes Experiences Discounts Visitor FAQs Animals A-Z Animal Care Habitats Conservation Saving Wildlife Community Impact Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife Sustainability What Can You Do? Education Camps Zoo Troop Day Programs Evening Programs Overnights Professional Development School & Group Programs Zoo Academy Events Public Events Private Events Garden Events Gardens Our Gardens Recommended Plants Plant for Pollinators Community Gardens Bowyer Farm Support Donate Ways to Help Donor Clubs Sponsorships Volunteer ADOPT an Animal Planned Giving Shop Search Shop Membership Buy Tickets Search Plan Your Adventure Buy Tickets Membership Zoo Today Zoo Map Hours & Directions Zoo Access for All Rides & Attractions Dining & Shopping Behind The Scenes Experiences Discounts Visitor FAQs Animals A-Z Animal Care Habitats Conservation Saving Wildlife Community Impact Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife Sustainability What Can You Do? Education Camps Zoo Troop Day Programs Evening Programs Overnights Professional Development School & Group Programs Zoo Academy Events Public Events Private Events Garden Events Gardens Our Gardens Recommended Plants Plant for Pollinators Community Gardens Bowyer Farm Support Donate Ways to Help Donor Clubs Sponsorships Volunteer ADOPT an Animal Planned Giving Membership Buy Tickets Welcome to Our Wild World Plan Your Adventure Tickets Zoo Today Membership Zoo Memberships on Sale Now Learn More Penguin Days presented by USBank Learn More Breakfast with the Animals Learn More Barrows Conservation Lecture Series Tickets Learn More Group Events Learn More Upcoming EventsSee All Events Penguin DaysJanuary 8, 2024 - March 8, 2024 | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Discount Admission, Learn More Landscaping for the HomeownerFebruary 7 - March 13, 2024 | 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm Education Program, Garden, Learn More Barrows Conservation LecturesMarch 13, 2024 - May 8, 2024 | 7:00 pm Education Program, Garden, Ticketed Event, Learn More See All EventsMembershipJoin the Zoo Family! As a member of the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden, you have year-round access and can visit as many times as you like! There’s something for everyone here. Come for a walk in the beautiful gardens, visit your favorite animals, or ride the new electric train! Members enjoy early entry, discounts on programs and in shops and restaurants, and free parking! Join Today Meet Fiona Fiona is famous for surviving! She was born 6 weeks before she was due and was too small to stand and nurse from her mom, Bibi. The Zoo’s care team had to step in and figure out how to feed her, what to feed her, how to keep her warm, and how to manage critical care 24/7 while juggling other daily responsibilities.Learn More Meet the AnimalsAll Animals Hippopotamus Hippopotamus amphibius Hippos can open their mouths about three times wider than people can. Learn More Red Panda Ailurus fulgens Red pandas spend up to 13 hours a day foraging for bamboo, eating only the youngest, most tender leaves. Learn More Hamerkop Scopus umbretta The hamerkop is named for how the shape of its heavy bill and large head crest resembles a hammer. Learn More Hellbender Cryptobranchus alleganiensis The hellbender is the largest fully aquatic salamander in the United States. Learn More All AnimalsBehind the Scenes ConservationThe Cincinnati Zoo, an accredited member of the Association of Zoos & Aquariums (AZA) since 1978, is internationally known for its success in the protection and propagation of endangered animals and plants and engages in research and conservation projects worldwide. Learn More Follow Us On Social Welcome to the world 🌎 little blue penguin chic Looks like Fritz might be getting a visit from the Juno the baby sloth got a new jungle gym to play o Excellent binocular vision enables the large-spott Contact Us 3400 Vine St. Cincinnati, OH 45220 (513) 281-4700 Quick Links Shop Donate Volunteer About Contact Us E-Media Kit Sign up for Z-mail News and Stories Job Opportunities Travel With the Zoo Zoo Access for All Privacy Policy Scientific Research Requests Cincinnati Zoo Tales 90 Second Naturalist Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden © 2024 Web Design by Speak Creative