PCBMotor – PCBMotor specializes in designing ultrasonic piezoelectric motors for motion control systems About PCBMotor How we work Customers Awards Design Services Design Examples Gallery Applications Filter & Duplexer Tuning Solutions Optical Solutions Gauges & Meters SMD Piezo Components Insight White Papers Video General News Technology PCBMotor Control drivers Positioning System FAQ Shop Shopping Cart Your Account Search Products Contact us About PCBMotor How we work Customers AwardsDesign Services Design Examples GalleryApplications Filter & Duplexer Tuning Solutions Optical Solutions Gauges & Meters SMD Piezo ComponentsInsight White Papers Video General News Technology PCBMotor Control drivers Positioning SystemFAQ Shop Shopping Cart Your Account Search ProductsContact us 6 Rotary stage with hollow center Focus motor – Side view – end & top position Focus Motor – on C-Mount Camera OEM Dual Hollow Motor PCBMotorized Optical Pan and Tilt Mount Dual Hollow Center Motor Hollow Center 60mm PCBMotor Kit Hollow Shaft Leadscrew – Spindle Your Solutions The greatest thing about our platform is its ability to be easily modified for devices in industries like Optics & Lasers, Medical, Wireless Networks & Filters. Read more... Fast Prototyping Evaluating our technology isn't a risky, costly, time-consuming process. Together we can quickly assess the most optimum way of getting your prototype PCBMotor-ready. Steps to Success... Our Customers 6 Intel-Corporation. Apple-Inc. Samsung-Electronics-Co. MIT. Microsoft-Research-Ltd The-University-of-Hong-Kong Harvard-University Quantel-USA Polycom-Inc. Danfoss-Comfort-Division QTechnology Stanford-University Incomar-Sensors ECN WM-Robot Interdisciplinary-Nanoscience-Center-iNANO Malvern-Instrument Cornell-University Agilent-Inc. Eindhoven-University-of-Technology Visteon-Corporation Utah-State-University Optimedica University-of-Otago IDEXX-Labs BEN-GURION-UNIVERSITY Spinner-GmbH Multitel-asbl MBDA-Deutschland-GmbH Leica-Microsystems-CMS-GmbH Max-planck-Institut-f.Physik1 IK4-TEKNIKER Universidad-Carlos-III-de-Madr Nestlé-System-Technology-Center dtu_fysik AIRBUS-GDI-SIMULATION Thales-Communications Carl-Zeiss-Meditec University-of-Vienna Dansk-Teknologisk-Institut Princeton-University ZTE-TX Logitech-Inc Tyco-Electronics-UK-Ltd Octax-Microscience-GmbH Valmet-Technologies-Oy University-of-Waterloo National-University-of-Singapo NIST Accuracy Control System behr logo fraunhofer logo gmt global HUAWEI Technology ASTAR Institute of Microelectronics leco Mercedes AMG Texas Instruments logo MENU Contact Privacy Notice Terms LATEST POSTS Whitepaper: How To Solve High-Resolution And Low Speed Motion Control Dilemmas Video: 30mm diameter motor (100 sequences) Whitepaper: How to Reduce Motor Size ABOUT PCBMOTOR Our customers increase the number of products sold by being able to improve the (low) speed and (ultra high) resolution achievable in their motion control applications. They implement a small Piezo Motor directly onto a printed circuit board. This motor has a high resolution, hollow center, low weight and building height, off-power holding torque and, with it’s automated assembly process, lowers their Bill of Material. PCBMotor’s core business model is to operate as a OEM vendor for complete motors. For high volume customers deliveries of subassembly, stator and drivers can be agreed.olume. To facilitate our customer’s time-to-market, our design services for customization our engineers resources include Electronic Hardware & Firmware, Mechanical and Software skills enabling fast and swift prototyping for complete motor solutions. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MoreCookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT