Paraphrasing Tool - Paraphraser (Rephrase 5,000 Words) Sign In Sign Up or sign in with Continue with Google Loading... Verify Now Resend Code By creating account, you agree with our terms and privacy policy. or sign in with Continue with Google Loading... Forget Password Forgot Password? PARAPHRASER X Article Rewriter Plagiarism Checker Grammar Checker Text Summarizer APIs Plans Login Register English Espanol Norwegian Dutch French Germany Portugues Turkish Indonesian Russian Japanese Chinese Vietnam Italian Swedish Romanian Malay Polish Danish Tagalog Afrikaans Ukrainian English Close Limit Exceed! Continue as free user Go Pro If you need any help Contact us Advertisement Select mode: Fluency Modes Fluency Standard Word Changer Premium Creative Smarter Shorten Word Changer Fluency Standard Creative Unlock this mode for Creative Paraphrasing Go Pro Smarter Unlock this mode to make your paraphrasing Smarter Go Pro Shorten Unlock this mode to make your paraphrasing Shorten Go Pro 0% complete Upload English Espanol Norwegian Dutch French Germany Portugues Turkish Indonesian Russian Japanese Chinese Vietnam Italian Swedish Romanian Malay Polish Danish Tagalog Afrikaans Ukrainian English Go Pro Now Details Words 0 Characters 0 Sentences 0 Paragraph 0 Reading Level N/A Reading Time 0 Speaking Time 0 Paraphrased Text wordcount Summarize Check Plag Check Grammar Your Experience? × Give feedback What do you think of this tool? Not Working Not satisfy Wrong Result Do you have any thoughts you'd like to share? May We Follow You Up Your Feedback? Yes No Send Us Cancel Loading ... Advertisement Paraphrasing Tool Paraphraser is the best AI paraphrasing tool that helps you accurately paraphrase sentences, paragraphs, and essays using state-of-the-art technology. Features of ParaphraserParaphraser has many features that make its paraphrasing tool the best on the market, including rephrasing essays, writing effective content, and creating original copies with AI.Paraphrase Like HumanParaphraser has the art of human-level paraphrasing. The final rephrased output will be creative, more readable, sensible, and plagiarism free.Cutting-edge AI Paraphrase ToolOur free paraphrase tool is the most advanced AI rephraser based on NLP. Our paraphrase generator can rephrase sentences and complete articles in seconds.Maintain Original MeaningUnlike other online paraphrase tools, our AI-based sentence rephraser maintains the original meaning of the context while changing the sentence structure.why usWhy our Paraphrasing Tool is best?Our paraphrasing tool uses advanced AI algorithms to accurately paraphrase text. AI-based text rephrasing was never possible before Paraphraser launched. Some benefits are mentioned below that make Paraphraser the best: Quality Content Our rephrase tool generates more readable, engaging, and grammatically error-free content without ruining the quality of the content after paraphrasing. Hence, our rephraser helps to improve your writing skills and provides a different way to express ideas in your own words. It replaces proper synonyms, rephrases like real humans, and paraphrases better than professional writers. Plagiarism-free output Our Paraphrasing tool helps you to avoid duplication of content. Paraphraser.io is useful to increase productivity as it quickly and easily generates multiple versions of the same text. Fast As compared to other tools, Paraphraser provides the fastest results by keeping the best quality. It can provide large text results within a few seconds. Easy to use Sentence rephraser by Paraphraser is easy to use and has a user-friendly interface. Do you have any suggestions to improve our interface? Please let us know. Price We provide Fluency & Standard mode with 600 words limit free of cost. You can rephrase unlimited text without any daily limit. You can increase the word limit to 1500, by upgrading to pro. Paraphrasing APIs Colleges and universities can integrate our rephraser using our paraphrasing APIs. Customer support We take care of our users. In case you have any questions or need assistance, You can contact us via chat or open a ticket on our support page. How to useHow to paraphrase online?To paraphrase online using our rewording tool, follow these simple steps: Type the text in the input box or upload a file. Choose a rephrase mode. Our paraphrase generator has six modes: Fluency Standard Word Changer Creative Smarter Shorten Click on the submit button and let this paraphrasing tool do the rest of the work. 😊 Tool UsersParaphrasing tool usersOur tool can be used in a number of ways, so it is up to you to decide how you want to use it. We are always here for any alterations or paraphrasing you may need. Our Paraphrasing tool is commonly used by the following people: Students: If you are a student and looking for an accurate and best solution for paraphrasing, we are here for you. Our online paraphrase generator gives different ideas for assignment writing and thesis writing. You can make your assignments plagiarism-free and more readable. Use our rephrasing tool, Get good grades, and Thank us later 😉. Teachers: If you are a teacher, we know your feelings. For a teacher, a paraphrasing tool is not less than a life-savour, as they have to prepare notes, reports, quizzes, and helpful study material on a regular basis. With our tool, teachers can create study notes that are easier to understand. Our professional paraphrasing tool helps teachers save time by automatically rephrasing the text. Teachers can also use our rewording tool to create quiz questions that are more challenging and varied. Researchers: By rephrasing technical terms researchers can avoid plagiarism and summarize key points in their research papers. You can paraphrase the main ideas of a source to better understand the information. A sentence changer can be helpful when writing a review or synthesis of the literature. Copywriters: To make your copywriting more creative, our word rephraser is a very handy tool. Generating your content for advertising, public relations, and media is very easy using word changer, because the choice of the words matters. Using our tool, copywriters can Craft compelling and persuasive messages to sell products, services, or ideas. Work with creative teams, including art directors and designers, to ensure that the writing is visually appealing and effective. Create copy for a wide range of media, including print, digital, and social media. Bloggers: Write more engaging and killer quality content using our free paraphrasing tool. Different word choices and sentence structures make blog content appealing to blog readers. Every Blogger should use a rephrasing tool to Avoid Plagiarism: Our free tool creates original content to avoid plagiarism by changing the words and sentences. Improve readability: make blog content readable for all types of users. Save time: we can save your time and effort by automating the process of rephrasing. For large projects with tight deadlines, our paraphraser tool is super helpful. Marketers: Create best-performing content for your social media posts, emails, advertisements, and article submissions with our online paraphrase tool. Marketers can cut down the writing cost using our free tool. Get Multiple versions of the content for A/B Testing, for example, email subject lines or social media posts, to test which ones are most effective. Paraphrase text in a way that is easier to understand for their audience. Webmasters: Display the best tag lines and descriptions for your website with our advanced paraphrase tool. Writing the best quality content attracts readers and is also good for SEO purposes. We had six different modes; you can choose the most suitable mode for your e-commerce, landing page or a saas website. paraphrase easilyParaphraser.io helps you rephrase text easily and quicklyOur paraphrasing tool online lets you paraphrase text in one go. You can use this free tool to paraphrase your sentences, paragraphs, articles, and even long blogs with advanced AI technology. It further provides several useful features that help you customize the rephrased text to fit your content needs. 🥰 Improves: Readability, fluency, & vocabulary 🚀 Instant Paraphrase: Sentences, paragraphs, & more ✔️ Modes: 3+ Unique AI Modes 🌐 Multilingual: Supports 20+ Languages. Paraphraser WorkingHow Does This Paraphrasing Tool Work?It is an AI-based paraphraser developed with state-of-the-art technology. It rewrites articles, rewords sentences, and paraphrases the text. It also works as a reworder and rewriter for lessness chances of plagiarism.Paraphrase AnywhereOur free paraphrasing tool can be used online across all devices, including Android & IOS.Multiple LanguagesOur paraphrasing website is available in French, Spanish, Indonesian, German, and Turkish.ENESNONLFRDEBRTRIDRUJAZHVIITSVROMSPLDATLAFUKWHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOWSome of The Most Frequently Asked QuestionsIs using a paraphrasing tool is illegal? No, using a paraphrasing tool is not illegal if used correctly. In academic writing, if you use a word rephraser to create content then it must be correctly cited. Using paraphrased content as original work could be considered academic misconduct. Can you get in trouble for using a paraphrasing tool? Sentence rephraser developed using advanced AI algorithms to paraphrase content like a human. You can use our different modes to check which rephrase model is the best fit for you. Pro Tips: Cite the sources to avoid any trouble. Is using a paraphrasing tool count as plagiarism? No, Using a paraphrase online tool does not count as plagiarism. As mentioned above, our tool provides plagiarism-free content while keeping the original meaning of the context. Our text paraphraser helps users to rephrase text and avoid plagiarism. The content generated by our tool is completely unique. Can I use a paraphrasing tool for legal writing? Yes, paraphrasing tools can be useful in legal writing. Make sure to use a paraphraser responsibly and ethically. Two things to remember when using the word changer tool in legal writing: Check plagiarism: Double-check the rephrased text for plagiarism. Cite Sources: Cite any sources used, even if you used a paraphraser tool to rephrase a text. Plans & Pricing Choose your plans. Get with awesome discounts. Monthly Yearly Creatives Mode Support Limit Increase(1500 words) Check Plagiarism Upto 5000 words No Ads - 24/7 Support Fast and Accurate Monthly Plan $20 /Month Yearly Plan $150 /Year Continue OUR BLOG Students Blog Best Way to Summarize a Scientific Research Paper Effectively Crafting content is certainly a challenging task, especially if it’s relevant to academics. Academic content demands extensive research from the... Types of Paraphrasing There are several types of paraphrasing, including: Direct paraphrasing Indirect paraphrasing Summary paraphrasing Transformation paraph... Is a Paraphraser Effective Against Plagiarism? In a nutshell, the answer to this question is yes. Paraphrasers can be very effective against plagiarism. Obviously, we’re not going to leave i... Synonyms logo Paraphrase online like professional writers with state-of-the-art AI Paraphraser Products Paraphrasing Tool Article Rewriter Plagiarism Checker Grammar Checker Text Summarizer Citation Generator Resources Paraphrasing Api Citation Generator Affiliate Program Blog About Us Contact us Address : 438, Streatham High Road London, UK. SW16 3PX Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Refund Policy FB Ln Copyright © by Paraphraser.io | All rights reserved. Do not share my Personal Information. Error! Paraphraser.io says OK x