Gensler | Creating a Better World Through the Power of Design Gensler Share Share on LinkedIn Share on X Share on Facebook Share via Email Search Search Gensler Research & Insights Gensler Research InstituteUnlocking design solutions to navigate a changing world. LEARN MORE Latest Research & Insights Gensler Research Institute Overview Latest Research & Insights FEATURED TOPICS Work & The Workplace Future of Cities Sustainability & Resilience Future of Healthcare Design for Equity Lifestyle Experiences IN FOCUS dialogue Blog Design Forecast Climate Action Research Library Workplace Surveys Webinars Podcasts Expertise Aviation Brand Design Build to Suit & Headquarters Building Transformation & Adaptive Reuse Cities & Urban Design Climate Action & Sustainability Consumer Goods Critical Facilities Culture & Museums Digital Experience Design Education Energy Entertainment Financial Services Foundations, Associations & Organizations Government & Defense Healthcare Hospitality Industrial & Logistics Media Mixed Use & Retail Centers Mobility & Transportation Office Developers Product Development Professional Services Residential Retail & Consumer Experience Sciences Senior Living Sports Strategy Technology Wellness Projects Featured All By Topic By Office People All Global Co-Chairs Board of Directors By Topic By Office Offices North America Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Charlotte Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston La Crosse Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis Morristown, NJ Nashville New York Newport Beach Oakland Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Raleigh-Durham San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tampa Toronto Vancouver Washington, D.C. Latin America Bogotá Mexico City San José, Costa Rica Europe Berlin Birmingham London Munich Paris Middle East Abu Dhabi Dubai Riyadh Greater China Beijing Hong Kong Shanghai Asia Pacific Bangalore Bangkok Mumbai Singapore Sydney Tokyo About Firm Profile Services ESG Report Sustainability Diversity Community Press Releases In The Media Recognition Careers Contact Us Share Share on LinkedIn Share on X Share on Facebook Share via Email DESIGN FOR A RADICALLY CHANGING WORLD A New Book by Gensler’s Global Co-Chairs Explores How Design Has the Power to Address the World’s Most Pressing Challenges READ MORE Trending Topics Office-to-Everything Lessons From Assessing 1,000 Conversions Office-to-Residential Conversions In The Media The Wall Street Journal Took a Video Tour of NVIDIA’s Campus With Gensler Design Principal Hao Ko The two focal buildings, connected by an outdoor park, feature triangle motifs, biophilic elements, and active spaces designed to foster collaboration and maximize efficiency. The Wall Street Journal TRENDS The 8 Trends Shaping Design in 2024 Here are the most important signals and key opportunities we see in the building industry today. In The Media Bloomberg BusinessWeek Hosted an On-Air Segment With Gensler Global Co-Chairs Andy Cohen and Diane Hoskins Gensler’s Global Co-Chairs discussed their new book, “Design for a Radically Changing World,” and the importance of shaping cities for resilience and equity. Bloomberg Blog Severe Weather: The New Design Imperative Buildings must be designed to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the public — and our infrastructure must be designed to withstand these extreme climatic events. In The Media HUD Awarded Gensler Funding To Study the Impact of Office Conversions at Scale HUD announced it awarded Gensler funding to study six major cities to understand the impact of office conversions at scale, including how they can address the housing crisis and create vibrancy in our cities. U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Blog What’s the Recipe for a Great Central Business District? Honing in on the amenities, activities, transportation options, and experiences that urban residents desire. In The Media How Gensler’s Leaders Are Tackling New Global Challenges Fast Company spoke with Andy Cohen and Diane Hoskins about their new book, delving into the pressing global forces that are changing the responsibility of designers, how Gensler’s scale can help address big challenges, and the power of co-leadership. Fast Company Podcast How is Decarbonization Changing Architecture and Design? We define embodied vs. operating carbon, address net carbon impact, discuss how we approach resilience with clients, and weigh carbon impact in interior design. Video Announcing “Design for a Radically Changing World” “Design for a Radically Changing World,” a new book by Gensler’s Global Co-Chairs Andy Cohen and Diane Hoskins, focuses on the impact of design and how it can elevate the human experience and provide optimism. Blog 10 Workplace Trends for 2024: What’s In and What’s Out? To evolve with changing demands and earn people’s commutes, the workplace will undergo key shifts. Here are 10 emerging workplace trends to watch in 2024. Blog Gensler’s New San Francisco Office: A Prototype for the Future of Work Gensler’s new San Francisco office is a living lab for sustainability and innovation, designed to support new ways of working. Blog How the Future of Work Is Influencing Workplace Design While workplace design changes incrementally, the past few years radically transformed our expectations of an office and how we can design for what’s possible. In The Media Forbes Recognized Gensler on Its List of America’s Best Large Employers for 2024 The annual ranking is based on an independent survey of over 170,000 U.S. employees at companies across all industry sectors employing at least 5,000 U.S. workers. Forbes Blog Trends to Watch Shaping the Future of Mobility and Transportation Gensler’s mobility and transportation leaders discuss the biggest trends shaping the industry, from micromobility to electrification. Blog How Customer Experience Centers Unify Spatial and Digital Branding A new approach to customer experience center design is helping businesses reimagine customer engagement. In The Media Francis House, Edelman’s Gensler-Designed Office in London, Combines Flexibility, Colour, Warmth, and Rawness Wallpaper spotlighted Edelman’s new workplace inside a reinvented 1900s warehouse that befits the 21st century. Gensler’s Carlos Posada called it “the destination that embodies all the attributes of a workplace of the future.” Wallpaper Blog New Atlanta Hotel Blends Southern Hospitality and Design Excellence Signia by Hilton Atlanta pays homage to Atlanta’s rich history while embracing its dynamic present and ever-evolving landscape. Insight Gensler Product Sustainability Standards Gensler has made a commitment to reduce the carbon emissions on our projects by 2030. A critical step in that process is setting sustainability standards for the products that we specify every day on behalf of our clients. VIEW LATEST RESEARCH VIEW DIALOGUE BLOG We are creating a better world through the power of design. Gensler is a global architecture, design, and planning firm with 53 locations across Asia, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, and the Americas. Every day we impact millions of people’s lives with the spaces we create, which is why people are at the center of everything we do. Designing for the human experience is what allows us to tackle the toughest challenges facing cities and shape a more resilient and equitable future for everyone. Learn more about Gensler SPOTLIGHT Accelerating Innovation With Artificial Intelligence Our designers are using AI to create new ideas, gain insights, and reimagine cities, workplaces, and destinations. AI and the Future of Smart Cities AI Is Transforming Workplace Design How AI Is Changing Hospitality AI’s Impact on Data Center Design Nth Space Concept FEATURED PROJECTS Debbie Allen Dance Academy Los Angeles, California Gensler partnered with the Debbie Allen Dance Academy to design its new Shonda Rhimes Performing Arts Center, a top-tier arts venue that supports the nonprofit organization’s commitment to expanding the reach of dance and theater arts to enrich the lives of young dancers. Jackie Robinson Museum New York, New York The Jackie Robinson Museum presents the life of the first African American inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in a dynamic setting, designed by Gensler. Newark Community Museum of Social Justice Newark, New Jersey Gensler worked closely with the City of Newark to convert the 1st Police Precinct into a community museum for learning, healing, and storytelling. Want more of Gensler’s design insights? Sign up for our dialogue Now newsletters to get regular updates sent directly to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE Design Your Career With Us We grow our firm by growing our people — if you are a recent graduate or a seasoned designer who believes in the power of design, we invite you to search for opportunities and explore how you can reimagine the future with us. JOIN OUR TEAM Environmental leadership is in our DNA. We have a unique obligation and opportunity to take action against the climate crisis. Social equity is good design. Our goal is to be the example for a more diverse and inclusive world. Governance reinforces our values. We are led by a set of guiding principles and people-first values. Download Our 2023 ESG Report Contact Gensler Fact Sheet Guiding Principles Newsletter Diversity Sustainability ESG Report Top of page © 2024 Gensler, All Rights Reserved Privacy Statement & Cookie Policy Transparency Statement