Welcome to BGS - British Geological Survey Skip to Content News and events BGS Shop Hosted sites Skip to Content Search Button About BGS Overview Our work Who we work with Geoscience solutions for net zero Government and policy Science briefing papers Our history Environmental policy and sustainability strategy How we use drones Our team Staff profiles Senior Management Board BGS Board Science Advisory Committee Equality, diversity and inclusion at BGS Organisational structure Our data and services General public Business services Business development Government and agencies OpenGeoscience Academic and researchers Climate change and geohazards Digital data licensing and resellers GeoReports and online shop Our facilities Science facilities Library Conference facilities BGS Geology Shop BGS GeoSchool UK Geoenergy Observatories National Geoscience Data Centre National Geological Repository Working with us Careers at the BGS Job vacancies Working at the BGS Equality, diversity and inclusion at BGS Pay and benefits Contact us Offices and locations Customer feedback BGS Press Office BGS Intellectual Property Rights Freedom of information act Subscribe to our newsletter Frequently asked questions Research Overview Explore our research projects Publications BGS University Funding Initiative Environmental change Groundwater research Urban geoscience Sea floor: marine geoscience Sea floor: scientific ocean drilling Soils and landscapes Geochemistry and health Centre for Environmental Geochemistry Decarbonisation Mineral resource security and flows Geodisposal: radioactive waste Critical raw materials Geothermal energy Hydrocarbon systems Energy storage Carbon capture and storage Fluid and Rock Processes Laboratory Cluster Rock Volume Characterisation Laboratory Cluster UK Geoenergy Observatories Multi-hazards Volcanoes Earthquakes and seismology research Geomagnetism science capability Geodesy and Earth Observation Shallow geophysics Landslides research Coasts and estuaries geohazards Shallow geohazards Digital geoscience Digital lab Hazard and resilience modelling 3D visualisation systems Product development Citizen science Data National geoscience International geoscience Official Development Assistance Partnerships for Development Integrated resource management in Eastern Africa Resilience of Asian cities Global geological risk International catchment observatories Science facilities Centre for Environmental Geochemistry Fluid and Rock Processes Laboratory Cluster Engineering and Geotechnical Capability Rock Volume Characterisation Laboratory Cluster Geophysical observatories Data Overview Data search Climate change and geohazards Datasets Energy datasets Geohazard datasets Land datasets Sea datasets Water datasets Map viewers BGS Geology Viewer GeoIndex (onshore) GeoIndex (offshore) UK Soil Observatory BGS maps portal Technologies Software Web services and APIs Web map services (WMS) Databases Geotechnical data services Collaborations Information hub Digital data licensing and resellers Publications Data collections Dictionaries BGS maps portal Scanned records Photographs and images Borehole records OpenGeoscience Photographs and images Mobile apps Software Scanned records Web services and APIs Data collections Publications Map data downloads Map viewers Digital data licensing and resellers Digital data product development National Geological Repository Accessing the NGR material collections NGR facilities Donations and loans of materials collections Palaeontology and biostratigraphy collections Borehole core collections NGR hydrocarbons (well samples) database National Geoscience Data Centre Deposit data with NGDC NGDC data management NGDC cited data National Hydrocarbons Data Archive Metadata abstract examples Archives Discovering Geology Overview Rocks and minerals Geological processes Landforms Relief Weathering Erosion Deposition Discovering Geology: climate change What causes the Earth’s climate to change? Impacts of climate change The carbon story The greenhouse effect Understanding carbon capture and storage What are we doing about climate change? Earth hazards Earthquakes Understanding landslides Volcanoes Understanding sinkholes and karst Fossils and geological time Geological timechart Fossils Maps and resources Climate change through time Earth hazards resources Energy resources Fossils and geological time resources Maps Rock observation resources Postcard geology Search Search Clear Search Button Quick links Climate changeMultiple hazardsDecarbonisation Understanding our Earth We are a world-leading independent research organisation providing objective, expert geoscientific data, information and knowledge. Latest news and events BGS news Local MP helps BGS launch a ‘living laboratory’ 05/03/2024 BGS is implementing a low-carbon heating system to help meet its net zero targets and provide data to the public. Show more BGS news Scientists produce first record of environmental data off coast of Hawai’i 01/03/2024 An international team of researchers, including BGS geoscientists, have succeeded in acquiring a continuous record of environmental data using fossilised coral from Hawai’i. Show more BGS events BGS Open Day 2024 Event on 08/06/2024 Join us on 8 June 2024 to explore volcanoes and earthquakes, soils and aquifers, the sea, the sky and everything in between! Show more BGS news New BGS Board member 01/03/2024 New non-executive director appointed to the BGS Board. Show more BGS news BGS data product licence fees to rise 01/03/2024 New direct licence fees to be introduced from 1 April 2024. Show more BGS news BGS seismologist named editor-in-chief of Geophysical Journal International 29/02/2024 Margarita Segou has been appointed as the editor-in-chief of one of the world’s leading, peer-reviewed research journals in solid-Earth geophysics. Show more BGS news BGS to help deliver International Centre of Excellence on Sustainable Resource Management 27/02/2024 BGS has been announced as part of a consortium approved by the UN to deliver its International Centres of Excellence on Sustainable Resource Management. Show more BGS blogs Unlocking key mineral archives at the Zambian Geological Survey Department 23/02/2024 Rachel Talbot recounts a recent visit by BGS Records staff to the Zambian Geological Survey Department, to assist in critical mineral data management. Show more BGS blogs Will 2024 be the Year of the Aurora? 23/02/2024 The Sun’s approximate eleven-year activity cycle is predicted to peak this year, prompting BGS scientists to anticipate that 2024 will be the ‘Year of the Aurora’. Show more BGS events From the Earth’s core to outer space: understanding the magnetic field Event on 26/03/2024 A special webinar focusing on our our geomagnetism research, including how we measure the magnetic field, everyday applications and mitigating the threats of space weather. Show more BGS news BGS scientist announced as Scottish Government policy fellow 06/02/2024 BGS geohazard scientist Roxana Ciurean has been named amongst new policy fellows for the Scottish Government. Show more BGS news BGS adds more than 60 new carbon dioxide storage units to its national carbon dioxide storage database 30/01/2024 BGS has delivered its first major update of the national carbon dioxide storage database, CO2 Stored. Show more See all news & events Our core challenge areas Environmental change Decarbonisation Multi-hazards Research Our research includes core geological survey and monitoring work and other innovative projects addressing today's geoscientific challenges driven by the changing needs of our stakeholders Research Highlights Decarbonisation and resource management Decarbonisation of power production, heat, transport and industry is a major challenge and one that intrinsically involves geoscience. Show more Environmental change, adaptation and resilience We are undertaking research aimed at reducing vulnerability, protecting resources and building resilience in response to substantial environmental changes. Show more Multi-hazards and resilience We work with partners worldwide to enhance understanding of hazards, vulnerability, exposure and risk to ensure our science is useful, usable and used. Show more International geoscience The BGS is active across the globe delivering institutional strengthening programmes and applied research projects across a wide variety of sectors. Show more National geoscience The National Geoscience programme is a forward-looking investment in UK geology that provides relevant, coherent and enriched geoscience knowledge for our stakeholders. Show more Digital geoscience The BGS is a data-rich organisation. Our data science and data infrastructure are fundamental to our future research and underpin our strategic challenges. Show more Data The BGS is a data-rich organisation with over 400 datasets in its care, including environmental monitoring data, digital databases, physical collections (borehole core, rocks, minerals and fossils), records and archives. Data Highlights Datasets We have a wide range of licensed geoscience data. The datasets range from the geological data family (BGS Geology) to offshore data, ground stability datasets and 3D models. Show more Map viewers Data published through map viewers allowing you to reveal more about the ground beneath your feet. Show more Technologies Applications, software and online services created by the BGS and our collaborators. Show more Information hub Data collections, publications, scanned records and other data gathered by BGS and provided by external organisations. Show more OpenGeoscience OpenGeoscience is a free service where you can view maps, download data, scans, photos and other information. Show more Digital geoscience The BGS is a data-rich organisation. Our data science and data infrastructure are fundamental to our future research and underpin our strategic challenges. Show more Geoscience information Digital data licensing and resellers If you are interested in an information product and the Open Government Licence is not applicable, we encourage the use and exploitation of our information products by providing a wide range of licences. Show more National Geoscience Data Centre The National Geoscience Data Centre collects and preserves geoscientific data, making it available to a wide range of users and communities. Show more National Geological Repository The National Geological Repository holds our collections of borehole cores, cuttings, samples, specimens, and related subsurface information from the UK landmass and continental shelf. Show more Discovering Geology Discovering Geology introduces a range of geoscience topics to school-age students and learners of all ages. Explore these pages to discover the fascinating processes and properties that shape our dynamic planet. Explore Discovering Geology Highlights Rocks and minerals Find out more about the differences between rocks and minerals and how they are formed. Show more Discovering Geology: climate change What is the difference between weather and climate? what causes the Earth’s climate to change and what are the impacts? Find out more with our Discovery Geology climate change resources. Show more Earth hazards The Earth beneath our feet is constantly shifting and moving, and violently with catastrophic and immediate results. Find out more about earth hazards. Show more Geological processes Planet Earth is dynamic with a surface that is always changing. Find out about the processes that cause these changes. Show more Fossils and geological time Take a look at the history of the Earth, from its formation over four and a half billion years ago to present times. Show more About BGS As the national geological survey, we are the UK’s premier provider of objective and authoritative scientific data, information and knowledge to help society understand our Earth. Explore About BGS Highlights Our work Our vision is for a safer, more sustainable and prosperous planet and a future based on sound geoscientific solutions. Show more Our data and services The BGS offers a range of services and information for businesses, home-owners, policymakers and the general public. Show more Our team The BGS team features a wide range of geoscience specialists. Find out more about our staff, senior management board and the BGS board. Show more Working with us BGS is committed to being an employer of choice and strives to embrace a culture of inclusivity and flexibility. Show more Offices and locations Find out more about our offices and facilities located across the UK. Show more Contact us Find out more about the BGS and the services we offer through our enquiries and customer services team. Show more Cookies policy This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We’ll assume you’re okay with this, but you can opt out if you wish. More information. Accept Remind me later Useful links About BGS News and events Contact us Press office Accessibility Sustainability Job vacancies Policies & legal Privacy policy Cookies policy Terms of use Freedom of information (FOI) Intellectual property rights Join the BGS NewsletterKeep up to date with all the latest research, products and events news. Register © UKRI 2024 TwitterFacebookYoutubeLinkedIn