Lunar and Planetary Institute MENU ABOUT US Home Science Sample Science Scientific Staff Internships Seminar Series JSC/LPI Joint Working Group Topical Initiatives Awards and Student Funding CLSE Team Community Research Science Labs and Equipment Meetings Calendar Meeting Portal Meeting Abstracts Meeting Inquiry LPI Facilities Our Team Resources Communications Library LPI's RPIF Institutional Repository NASA Analysis and Assessment Groups NASA, NRC, and Other Related Resources Lunar Science and Exploration Arecibo Radar Observations Learning Scientist Engagement Planetary ReaCH VIRTEX Explore Educational Resources About Our Solar System About Us About Us Staff Directory History IDEA Resource Center Visitor Information Search Lunar and Planetary Institute Inspiration and Exploration since 1968 Explore Our New ENComPSS Program Website! The Expanding NASA’s Community of Planetary Sample Scientists (ENComPSS) program brings together leading scientists, laboratories, and universities to support NASA’s vital and growing sample science program. Learn More Center for Lunar Science and Exploration Dr. David Kring leads the Center for Lunar Science and Exploration (CLSE) a member team of NASA’s Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute. The team’s research bridges the gap between planetary science and human space exploration. Learn More Exploring the Weather and Climate on Mars Dr. Germán Martínez’s research focuses on the solar UV and atmospheric longwave radiative environment on Mars. Learn More Using Topography to Investigate Icy Ocean Worlds Dr. Paul Schenk uses stereo images returned from spacecraft, the best tool for mapping the topography of icy moons and planets, to derive measurements of surface elevations. Learn More Exploring the Moon's South Pole Dr. Julie Stopar studies the places where water-ice could melt and interact with rocks and soil. Learn More Announcements Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility Resource Center In the News LPI Launches New ENComPSS Program Website Class of 2024 Exploration Science Summer Interns Announced USRA Announces Lisa Gaddis’ Retirement as Director of the Lunar and Planetary Institute LPI Announces the Recipients of the 2024 Career Development Award Preparing for Artemis: Lunar and Planetary Institute Unveils Extensive Astronaut Training Guide CASA Moon Planetary Sample Science Seminar Series News Archive Get the solar system in your inbox. Sign up for LPI's email newsletters Mission Statement The Lunar and Planetary Institute's (LPI's) mission is to advance understanding of the solar system by providing exceptional science, service, and inspiration to the world. Learn More Privacy Policy | Photo Policy | Code of Conduct | Media Policy | Terms of Use Copyright © - Lunar and Planetary Institute Partner