Poem Hunter: Poems - Poets - Poetry Home Poems Poems Best Poems Best Member Poems Best Classical Poems New Poems Poems About Best Poems by Themes Explore Poems Poem Of The Day Poets Poets Best Poets Best Member Poets Best Classical Poets New Poets Explore Poets Poem Hunter: Poems - Poets - Poetry Best poems by famous poets all around the world on Poem Hunter. Read poem and quotes from most popular poets. 05 Mar, 2024 Today POEM OF THE DAY Parting THERE'S no use in weeping, Though we are condemned to part: There's such a thing as keeping A remembrance in one's heart: There's such a thing as dwelling On the thought ourselves have nurs'd, And with scorn and courage telling The world to do its worst. We'll not let its follies grieve us, We'll just take them as they come; And then every day will leave us A merry laugh for home. When we've left each friend and brother, When we're parted wide and far, We will think of one another, As even better than we are. Every glorious sight above us, Every pleasant sight beneath, We'll connect with those that love us, Whom we truly love till death ! In the evening, when we're sitting By the fire perchance alone, Then shall heart with warm heart meeting, Give responsive tone for tone. ... by Charlotte Brontë Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM The Gypsy Girl 'Come, try your skill, kind gentlemen, A penny for three tries!' Some threw and lost, some threw and won A ten-a-penny prize. She was a tawny gypsy girl, A girl of twenty years, I liked her for the lumps of gold That jingled from her ears; ... by Ralph Hodgson Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM Joy I'm a child With uncontained joy For I - Unable to keep it inside The bright raindrops Sing music Whilst the sun Shines warmth within my soul My God is for me That I now can see ... by Maria Mortimer Read Poem TODAY'S NEW POEMS God Is King Gerry Legister The Mystery Of Gravity Paul Hartal I Dream Kevin J. Muricio For All Ages ANJANDEV ROY Rivers And Streams Brown mbadiwe 04 Mar, 2024 Monday POEM OF THE DAY Easter Day THE silver trumpets rang across the Dome: The people knelt upon the ground with awe: And borne upon the necks of men I saw, Like some great God, the Holy Lord of Rome. Priest-like, he wore a robe more white than foam, And, king-like, swathed himself in royal red, Three crowns of gold rose high upon his head: In splendour and in light the Pope passed home. My heart stole back across wide wastes of years To One who wandered by a lonely sea, And sought in vain for any place of rest: 'Foxes have holes, and every bird its nest, I, only I, must wander wearily, And bruise my feet, and drink wine salt with tears.' ... by Oscar Wilde Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM Conversation With Jeanne Let us not talk philosophy, drop it, Jeanne. So many words, so much paper, who can stand it. I told you the truth about my distancing myself. I've stopped worrying about my misshapen life. It was no better and no worse than the usual human tragedies. For over thirty years we have been waging our dispute As we do now, on the island under the skies of the tropics. We flee a downpour, in an instant the bright sun again, And I grow dumb, dazzled by the emerald essence of the leaves. ... by Czeslaw Milosz Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM I Am Rich I am rich My walls are lined with cupboards, Cups and saucers With a TV at my feet And a bed near the door Believe me- I am rich. The lamp beside me glows ... by Maria Mortimer Read Poem TODAY'S NEW POEMS Six Years Of Darkness benny barnuevo So This Is Love Revisited. Kevin Hulme The Ode For Twin Star Kinsley Lee Jewel In The Sky Narender Singh Bansal Love Is The Seed Ayomikun Akinwunmi 03 Mar, 2024 Sunday POEM OF THE DAY Eight O'Clock He stood, and heard the steeple Sprinkle the quarters on the morning town. One, two, three, four, to market-place and people It tossed them down. Strapped, noosed, nighing his hour, He stood and counted them and cursed his luck; And then the clock collected in the tower Its strength, and struck. ... by Alfred Edward Housman Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MODERN POEM Prayer Before Birth I am not yet born; O hear me. Let not the bloodsucking bat or the rat or the stoat or the club-footed ghoul come near me. I am not yet born, console me. I fear that the human race may with tall walls wall me, with strong drugs dope me, with wise lies lure me, on black racks rack me, in blood-baths roll me. I am not yet born; provide me ... by Louis Macneice Read Poem POEM OF THE DAY - MEMBER POEM Release POKE AT THE BEAR Can talk about it But I'm not comfortable in my skin and I might feel exhausted afterwards Feeling like I am the sin Prod at the pain and, the growl, turns inwards to me It's whether it's scars harnessed ... by Tara Star Read Poem TODAY'S NEW POEMS Re-Woke To A New Life-Vision james watkin Fearless, But With No Pride james watkin To A Child's Glory Realm james watkin A Sofa's And A Bed's james watkin You Can Fly And Follow The Stars Mark Heathcote Load Previous Day RANDOM POEM GO! POPULAR THEMES #english #kids #hindi #love #death #rain #nature #music #friend #hope #war #home #school #life #summer #beautiful #kiss #girl #loss #angel #sun #sleep #lost #greed #hero #memory #power #lonely #night #money #daughter #dance #america #freedom #change #butterfly #baby #beauty #fire #alone #dream #mother #peace #family #soldier #graduation #crazy #laughter #joy #paris All poem themes Best POETS Robert Frost(191 poem) March 26, 1874 – January 29, 1963 Maya Angelou(52 poem) 4 April 1928 - 28 May 2014 Pablo Neruda(143 poem) 12 July 1904 – 23 September 1973 William Shakespeare(403 poem) 26 April 1564 - 23 April 1616 Shel Silverstein(223 poem) September 25, 1930 – May 10, 1999 Langston Hughes(100 poem) 1 February 1902 – 22 May 1967 Emily Dickinson(1232 poem) 10 December 1830 – 15 May 1886 William Wordsworth(386 poem) 1770-1850 Rabindranath Tagore(215 poem) 7 May 1861 – 7 August 1941 Edgar Allan Poe(69 poem) 19 January 1809 - 7 October 1849 All Poets Best POEMS 1. indira babbellapati ' A Poem That Woke Me Up! ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I dwell In the absence You left behind ... Read Poem 2. Dr. Antony Theodore If You Die Before Me ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ If you die before me I would jump down into your grave and hug you so innocently that angels will become jealous. ... Read Poem 3. Muzahidul Reza Mediterranean Girl's War Phobia ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Indoors by technology, outdoors by speedy transport I travel the world Today in Japan, tomorrow in Rome, Next day by an ancient civilization or in Hawaii or Coast Ivory, ... Read Poem 4. Howard Simon ~ I Choose The Mountain~ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The low lands call I am tempted to answer They are offering me a free dwelling Without having to conquer ... Read Poem 5. Chinedu Dike Mandela - The Immortal Icon ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The Peace Warrior Of Mzansi, among heroes - a colossus! Sun Of The Nation; a rare gift of Providence. Once, entangled in the web of racist succubus; Unruffled he declares before High Justice: ... Read Poem 6. Ency Bearis ' Ay Naku Mahirap Umibig Sa Binibining Taga Albay ' (With English Translation) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ (This is a composition in Pilipino Language the first one I did, the only one, and hope some of the Filipinos will get this funny poem in this site. The poem is updated with English translation) Noong taong otsenta dekada ... Read Poem All Poems CLASSICAL POEMS 1. Jacques Prevert ✓ - Barbara - ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rappelle-toi Barbara Il pleuvait sans cesse sur Brest ce jour-là Et tu marchais souriante Épanouie ravie ruisselante ... Read Poem 2. Evie Shockley ✓ — Shall Become As — ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ you put this pen in my hand and you take the pen from you put this pen ... Read Poem 3. Barbara Guest ✓ Sound and Structure ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ On this dry prepared path walk heavy feet. This is not "dinner music." This is a power structure. ... Read Poem 4. Richard Lovelace ✓ " To His Fairest Valentine Mrs. A. L. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ "Come, pretty birds, present your lays, And learn to chaunt a goddess praise; Ye wood-nymphs, let your voices be Employ'd to serve her deity: ... Read Poem 5. Robert William Service ✓ "?" ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ If you had the choice of two women to wed, (Though of course the idea is quite absurd) And the first from her heels to her dainty head Was charming in every sense of the word: ... Read Poem 6. Emily Jane Brontë ✓ "A Little While, A Little While..." ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ A little while, a little while, The weary task is put away, And I can sing and I can smile, Alike, while I have holiday. ... Read Poem All Poems POEMS POETS Poemhunter.com Best Poems Best Member Poems Best Classical Poems New Poems New Poets Best Member Poets Best Classical Poets Explore Poems Explore Poets Poem Of The Day Poems About Love Poems Baby Poems Death Poems Sad Poems Birthday Poems Wedding Poems Nature Poems Sorry Poems Hero Poems Poetry E-Books Best Poets Robert Frost Maya Angelou William Shakespeare Pablo Neruda Langston Hughes Emiliy Dickinson Shel Silverstein William Blake Rabindranath Tagore William Wordsworth Best Poems Phenomenal Woman Still I Rise The Road Not Taken If You Forget Me Dreams Annabel Lee Caged Bird If Fire And Ice On The Death Of The Beloved About Us Copyright notice Cookie Policy Privacy Statement Contact Us Help Report Error Is Poem Hunter a legit site? Is Poem Hunter safe? Comunity Rules Privacy Policy Legal Terms Of Use Delivering Poems Around The World Poems are the property of their respective owners. All information has been reproduced here for educational and informational purposes to benefit site visitors, and is provided at no charge... 3/5/2024 10:09:12 AM # 1.0.0.1119