therealmarv therealmarv I'm building things. RSS Home Archives About How to Check KeepassX .sig Signatures With GnuPG Sep 7th, 2015 | Comments This example uses KeepassX but works the same for other projects which use .sig signature files (another example is OpenResty). First install GnuPG for your OS. Ubuntu has it usally installed from scratch. For OS X use Homebrew and install it with brew install gnupg. Read on → Ansible Vault File Handling Sep 3rd, 2015 | Comments If you are familiar with DevOps you hopefully know this advice: Never ever store secret keys in your source code repository! If someone gains access to your repository then they will also gain access to your whole infrastructure! Read on → Understanding React, Flux, GraphQL and Relay Concepts With 4 Videos Aug 13th, 2015 | Comments tl;dr go to this playlist In the last couple of years I’m educating myself more and more with videos from YouTube to learn new things or keep up to date with the dev world. Especially live-video talks from developer conferences which are often recorded and available for free. Read on → How to Fully Uninstall the Official Docker OS X Installation Aug 26th, 2014 | Comments No offense against Docker. I like the concept and the software! – This guide works for docker toolbox and old boot2docker, some boot2docker steps uninstall steps are not needed but it will not hurt for docker toolbox uninstallation – But I absolutely do not like the official Docker OS X installer (install manual). Things are improved with docker toolbox but uninstalling is still not trivial. The reason for this are: It installs Virtualbox and has downgraded my existing Virtualbox Host software (seems this is fixed for Docker toolbox now). It installs an app and several binaries. Everything packaged up into a .pkg and no uninstall app or instructions anywhere! Read on → Switched to Octopress From Blogger Jun 15th, 2014 | Comments So I finally switched from Blogger to Octopress. Main reason was that Blogger itself is not very developer friendly especially if you want to write code like this is is code in blog posts. Octopress has a wonderful documentation how to get it running on github pages and the standard design is very good for my needs. Read on → Comparing MathML Support in HTML5 Between Chrome 24, Firefox 18 and Opera 12 Jan 11th, 2013 | Comments Yesterday Google was releasing Google Chrome 24 stable which should have native MathML support. I waited for this release for a long time because Chrome is my standard browser and I know Firefox does a very good job with MathML since Firefox 3. So I tested Chrome 24 with this MathML browser test site: MathML Browser Test Read on → Installing Tidy-html5 on Ubuntu, First Step to Get Valid & Structured HTML5 Dec 15th, 2012 | Comments At OERPUB we are starting to transform any HTML and especially HTML5 content to a structured HTML5 for further processing into various output formats (html5, epub, pdf, xml). Read on → Archives Recent Posts How to Check KeepassX .sig Signatures With GnuPG Ansible Vault File Handling Understanding React, Flux, GraphQL and Relay Concepts With 4 Videos How to Fully Uninstall the Official Docker OS X Installation Switched to Octopress From Blogger @therealmarv Tweets by @therealmarv GitHub Repos Status updating… @therealmarv on GitHub Google+ Stack Overflow Copyright © 2016 - Marvin Reimer - Powered by Octopress