China Travel Agency, Small Group & Private Tour Service US & Canada: 1-800-315-3949Toll Free Search Answers Home Global Tours China Tours Small Groups City Packages Tailor My Trip Trains City Guide Reviews 70,000+ guests have traveled with us every year! 100% Tailor-made for Free Compact and Rich Schedules Surprisingly Low Prices No Trap of Optional Tours One-to-one Expert Service Selected Well-located Hotels Best Private China Tours These elaborately designed private guided tours are samples and our recommendations. Whatever you need, we have experts ready to help. Start planning a trip to meet your budget and specific preference. China Golden Triangle Tour8 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Shanghai from In Pursuit of Treasures10 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Chengdu/ Shanghai from China Essence with Yangtze Cruise16 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Guilin/ Chengdu/ Yangtze Cruise/ Shanghai from China Small Group Tours 2024/2025 Join a small group tour at the lowest price and enjoy top-notch services provided by the largest online China travel agency! There are 10 itineraries covering the most popular destinations and below are the three best sales. Best of China8 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Shanghai from China Delights11 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Guilin/ Shanghai from Classic China with Yangtze Cruise14 Days Beijing/ Xian/ Guilin/ Yangtze Cruise/ Shanghai from More China Destinations Best China Tours Yangtze Cruise Beijing Xian Shanghai Tibet Tours Great Wall Tours Guilin Chengdu Zhangjiajie Luxury Packages Silk Road Yunnan Hangzhou More China Cities China Travel Guide City Guide Comprehensive China travel information on destinations, attractions, transportation, weather, maps to help you achieve an unforgettable trip! Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Guilin Hong Kong Shanghai Shenzhen Tibet Xian Top Attractions Follow us to explore the popular attractions and discover the essence of the heritage left by nature and history to this ancient oriental realm. Forbidden City China Great Wall Li River Guilin Summer Palace Terracotta Army Yangtze River Chinese Culture Over 5,000 years of fascinating history endows China with a profound culture, penetrating in every aspect of people's life… China History Chinese Food Ethnic Groups Kung Fu Chinese Zodiac Chinese New Year China Map Railway Map Great Wall Map Beijing Subway Shanghai Subway China Weather Real time weather forecast and detailed climate data by month of major Chinese cities. Travel Tips Avoiding Traps Money & Cost Holidays in China China Tour Operator China Visa Tourist Visa Visa FAQ 72-Hour Visa Free 144-Hour Visa Free Chinese Embassy Embassy in USA Embassy in UK Embassy in Australia Embassy in Canada China Pictures Great Wall Terracotta Army Forbidden City Panda China Video Welcome to Zhangjiajie! More Videos: Great Wall Forbidden City Shaolin Kung Fu Answers Beijing Airport (Capital) to City at Midnight I will arrive on international flight landing at 22:40 from UK, need to get to City Center as overnight stopover. What's the best way please? Don't worry. There are shuttle buses, namely Beijing West Railway Station Line and Gongzhufen Line running till the last arrival of the midnight flights; and the main stops in city include Beijing Railway Station, Qianmen, Beijing West Railway Station, and Hangtian Bridge. The thing is the shuttle buses depart at an interval of an hour in midnight. If you don't want to wait, just go to the taxi stand and there will always be some waiting for their passengers. China Tourism News China Continues to Ease Its Visa RequirementsWorld’s Welding History Advanced for 2,000 Years by a Sanxingdui Archeological DiscoveryChina to Offer Visa-free Entry to France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Malaysia Citizens Community Endorsed by New York Times The New York Times Travel Supplement has named our company as being in their opinion a large and reliable Chinese travel agency. Our Global Site About Us Contact Us Privacy | Loyalty & Referral Customer Service Affiliate Copyright © 1998-2024 All rights reserved. License Number:L-SNX00052