The everything app | Careem Services GoEatGetPay Rides Taxi Bike CarRental SchoolRides Food DineOut Quik Groceries Supermarkets Delivery HomeCleaning Laundry Salon&Spa Tickets Pharmacy Flowers Pay Donations Partners Corporate packages Restaurant delivery B2B delivery DineOut partner Pay merchant solutions Careem Plus About us About us Our social impact Engineering at Careem Careers Explore open roles Blog Go anywhere Rides Taxi Bike CarRental SchoolRides Eat anytime Food DineOut Get anything Quik Groceries Supermarkets Delivery HomeCleaning Salon&Spa Tickets Laundry Flowers Pharmacy Pay anyone Pay Donations Previous Get priority support from our top agents Most members save AED 200+ every month Get instant 10% back on Hala Taxi & rides Enjoy unlimited free delivery on food Enjoy unlimited free delivery on Quik groceries Get up to 50% off your DineOut bills Get 10% off on laundry Get 20% off on home cleaning Get unlimited free 45-min bike rides Get priority support from our top agents Most members save AED 200+ every month Get instant 10% back on Hala Taxi & rides Enjoy unlimited free delivery on food Enjoy unlimited free delivery on Quik groceries Get up to 50% off your DineOut bills Get 10% off on laundry Get 20% off on home cleaning Get unlimited free 45-min bike rides Get priority support from our top agents Next About us Careem’s purpose is to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Learn more about our purpose, people and services. Read more Captains Drive or deliver with Careem and earn with every ride. Choose your own hours, enjoy amazing Captain rewards and get professional training. Read more Engineering at Careem Careem is creating cutting-edge technology every day across five tech sites in Europe and the MENAP region, in a mission to build a lasting tech institution that inspires. Read more Our social impact We believe deeply in driving social and economic progress across the region. We use our app to connect customers to the communities that need the most support. Read more Our blog مدونتنا View all مشاهدة الكل Previous Stanford MBA students visit Careem The aim was to help them learn more about Careem’s growth and adaptability to regional needs and requirements, along with the entrepreneurial environment in the region. Read more 3 ways our software engineers use AI in their daily work It’s no secret that the topic of AI has taken over the digital space over the past few months, especially after the launch of ChatGPT. Read more Careem: Chapter 3 Nearly 11 years ago, we started Careem with a desire to build something big and meaningful. On the one hand, the success of Careem and its impact on our ecosystem has exceeded our wildest imaginations. Read more Stanford MBA students visit Careem The aim was to help them learn more about Careem’s growth and adaptability to regional needs and requirements, along with the entrepreneurial environment in the region. قراءة المزيد 3 ways our software engineers use AI in their daily work It’s no secret that the topic of AI has taken over the digital space over the past few months, especially after the launch of ChatGPT. قراءة المزيد Careem: Chapter 3 Nearly 11 years ago, we started Careem with a desire to build something big and meaningful. On the one hand, the success of Careem and its impact on our ecosystem has exceeded our wildest imaginations. قراءة المزيد Next Services Go Eat Get Pay Careem Plus Partners Corporate packages Restaurant delivery B2B delivery Pay merchant solutions Join our team About us Engineering at Careem Careers Explore open roles Why Careem About us Our social impact Information security Blog Help Centre Book your ride All rights reserved. Careem © 2024 Terms of Service Privacy Notices