University of Michigan Skip global navigation University of Michigan Report Sexual Misconduct, Discrimination and Harassment Search for: Search Quick Links Academic Calendar Canvas Directory Email Email — UMHS Library Catalog Maps & Directions Schools & Colleges Wolverine Access For: Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents Alumni Main Menu Home About Academics Life at Michigan Athletics Research Health & Medicine Initiatives Giving Featured Stories Metal-free Magnets Michigan Engineering researchers are looking to use magnetism to guide soft robots and for medical implants and devices. They developed a non-metallic 'squishy' magnet that is light enough to add to soft robotic components and powerful enough to guide using magnetic fields. Learn more about this research The Campus that Never Was As the University of Michigan creates a blueprint for the physical campus of 2050, a look back to 1838 reveals how a brilliant architect designed a "truly magnificent" setting for the young institution. It was never built. Read about The Campus That Never Was More dinosaurs headed to U-M Museum of Natural History The University of Michigan Museum of Natural History is hosting a special exhibit on recent developments in dinosaur research. What were living, breathing dinosaurs really like? Just how big were they and how did they behave? Learn about this special exhibit Turning Passions into Classrooms University of Michigan's M-ARC program offers a solution to the growing teacher shortage in Michigan, providing accessible teaching certifications. Two M-ARC graduates tell their stories of transformation into the teaching world. Learn more about M-ARC 19 schools and colleges — see complete listsee complete list The Macroevolutionary Singularity of Snakes More than 100 million years ago, the ancestors of the first snakes were small lizards that lived alongside other small, nondescript lizards in the shadow of the dinosaurs. what triggered the evolutionary explosion of snake diversity that led to nearly 4,000 living species and made snakes one of evolution’s biggest success stories? Learn more about this study News News Committee to advise on diversity of thought, free expression Auto industry deadlines loom for impaired-driver detection tech, U-M offers a low-cost solution Consumer sentiment solidifies sharp gains Interactive website documents war crimes in Ukraine Detroit residents' trust in police shaped by history of police contact Visit Michigan News Visit Key Issues Public Engagement Opinion: Critics are passing anti-DEI laws. We have to fight back. The Conversation: Commander of Iran's elite Quds Force is expanding predecessor's vision of chaos in the Middle East U-M astronomer: Get to the path of April's total solar eclipse Ross professor proposes federal government dashboard to help ease housing crisis Analysis: New methods of conservation needed to prevent the extinction of great apes In The News WDIV/Detroit U-M doctor says this disease is so dangerous it can blind you, destroy your intellect CNN Who is accountable for a mass shooting? It's no longer only the person who pulled the trigger Business Insider How some boomers are overcoming loneliness and finding new friendships in retirement: 'It's been a lifesaver' Detroit Free Press U-M law prof's new book sounds urgent alarm about disinformation View more In The News Videos President Ono's Monthly Message — The Inclusive History Project U-M Student Profile: Victoria Wilson President Ono's Monthly Message – The 100-Year Anniversary of Michigan Ross Watch More Videos Happening @ Michigan Events March 5 Technology Meets Creativity: Exploring the Potential of Artificial Intelligence for the Arts Michigan League Mar 6 ScholarFest Mar 8 Express Yourself! A Vibrant Celebration of Intersecting Identities Mar 11 “Camera as a Passport” Photography Exhibit Opening + Curator Panel Mar 11 Professors Anne Curzan, Robin Queen, and Heather Thompson's Collegiate Professorship Inaugural Lecture Mar 5 CES Exhibition. Camera as Passport: The Ship of Photographers Mar 8 Express Yourself! A Vibrant Celebration of Intersecting Identities Visit Happening @ Michigan Academic Calendar Mar 24 University Honors Convocation Apr 23 Classes end Apr 24, 27-28 Study Days Apr 25-26, 29-30 May 1-2 Examinations May 2-5 Commencement Activities May 7 Classes begin May 27 Memorial Day (Holiday) View Complete Calendar Carpe Diem All Michigan, all the time There’s always something amazing happening at Michigan. Whether it’s on campus or around the world, our students, faculty, staff and alumni are out seizing the day. A sampling of images captured over the years is shown in the gallery below. 5:43 am 7:04 am 7:02 am 8:42 am 8:32 am 8:11 am 9:08 am 9:34 am 9:22 am 9:50 am 9:47 am 10:44 am 10:58 am 11:04 am 11:40 am 12:08 pm 12:16 pm 12:27 pm 12:31 pm 2:16 pm 2:18 pm 2:54 pm 2:19 pm 3:58 pm 3:47 pm 3:05 pm 3:47 pm 4:01 pm 4:35 pm 4:30 pm University of Michigan Ann Arbor Dearborn Flint © 2024 The Regents of the University of Michigan 500 S. State Street, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA Privacy Notice Phone+1 (734) 764-1817 Contact us Careers Portal en Español 密西根大学 Português खबरें हिंदी में facebook X (twitter) youtube instagram linkedin