Marie Claire - Beauty Tips, Celebrity, and Career Advice Marie Claire Marie Claire × Search Fashion Beauty Culture Money & Career Politics More Health & fitness Celebrity Food & Cocktails Travel Love & Sex About Us Home Promo Codes Subscribe Shop logo MCE RSS TrendingFashion MonthPrix AwardsWinter-to-Spring PiecesThe Money Issue The 700-Mile Journey to Get an Abortion As states continue to enact harmful legislation that restricts access to reproductive healthcare, a network of pilots is flying people across the country to get the services they need. 'Marie Claire' reports from the air. Top stories Welcome to Marie Claire's Power Play This March, we're hosting an invitation-only summit connecting some of today’s most influential women. 7 Editor-Approved Ways to Style Strappy Sandals We've got you covered for the upcoming spring and summer seasons. "It's Been Hell on Earth": Inside Alabama's Fertility Crisis Last week, the state's Supreme Court ruled that frozen embryos are legally considered children. 'Marie Claire' spoke with affected women who are grappling with an uncertain future. Marie Claire's Guide to Fashion Month Our editors' highlights, questions, and obsessions. Stay In The KnowMarie Claire email subscribers get intel on fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more. Sign up here.Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Beauty Celebrity Thick Hair Inspiration at Every Length With luscious hair comes infinite styling opportunities. Your Body Deserves Skincare Too, You Know A head-to-toe routine awaits. By Samantha Holender These Beauty Devices Never Go on Sale—Now They’re 20 Percent Off at Dermstore LED face masks, hair straighteners, microdermabrasion tools, and more. By Brooke Knappenberger We Found the Holy-Grail Shampoos for Every Hair Type 28 products our editors swear by. By Julia Marzovilla Fashion Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck's Couple Style Has Officially Synced Up The duo wore coordinating cozy outfits on a day date. Is Kylie Jenner's Outfit Hinting at Her New Alcohol Brand? Giving #ad and outfit inspiration in one go. By India Roby Opulent Fur Coats Dominate Celebrity Style at Paris Fashion Week Call it the mob wife aesthetic or loud luxury—fur outerwear is everywhere. By India Roby Dua Lipa's Pantsless Lingerie Outfit Kicks Date-Night Style Up a Notch She merged romance with her signature pop star edge. By Melony Forcier In The Issue Maya Erskine Wants More The actress is trying something different, playing the part of a spy in the new 'Mr. & Mrs. Smith.' But there are bigger—more personal—things she hopes to accomplish. The Stigma of New Money The rules for being rich are changing. Why do some people see that as a bad thing? Roommates After 50 Middle age can be a time of huge change. For some, sharing a space with a housemate can be a welcome salve. How'd You Get That House? In Marie Claire's new series, we speak to people across the country who are navigating a complicated housing market Dorsey’s Meg Strachan on Launching Her Jewelry Company “Have we made it? From the outside, perhaps. Internally, we are working really hard to make it every single day.” I'm the First Person in My Family to Be Rich "There's this underlying idea that if I make it, I'll be everyone's ticket to not having to worry." The Big Business of Egg Freezing The procedure is positioned as an investment for women and their futures. But it can put those who do it into serious debt. Culture Da’Vine Joy Randolph Is a Tour de Force in 'The Holdovers' The actress shares how embodying generations of Black women, including those in her own family, helped craft her role in Alexander Payne’s latest film. 2024's Book Releases Have Gotten Off to a Stellar Start From fantasy epics to mind-blowing thrillers, here are MC's 20 most anticipated books of the year. The New Horror Movies We're *Dying* to Watch From 'Beetlejuice 2' to 'A Quiet Place: Day One'. We Need to Discuss How Major Award Shows Are Disrespecting Black Artists Jay-Z's Grammys speech was a much-needed call to the Recording Academy to correct decades of under-rewarding Black musicians. Politics I Talk to My Young Kids About Abortion Because the Government Won’t An entire generation is growing up without Roe v. Wade—and they need our abortion stories. Without Affirmative Action, We All Lose A Harvard graduate on the Supreme Court's decision to overturn the program that completely changed her life. 'My Silence Makes Her Invisible" Parents have the power to change the course of history. After 'Roe' Fell, Advocates Created a Chatbot for Abortion Seekers In the absence of 'Roe's protections, tech like Charley stepped in to fill the gaps. Money & Career Why Slutty Vegan Founder Pinky Cole Hopes You Fail First "That one uncomfortable thing is going to kick you in the ass and make you realign and refocus." More from Marie Claire Retail Therapy For a Vibe Reset, Wear Fringe This Spring This movement-friendly detail can change an entire look. These Trending Nail Shades Are Designed to Dazzle Shine on. Cold-Weather Footwear That’s Not an Afterthought The hottest shoe styles for the still-chilly season. Worth It: Balmain Hair Héritage 1974 Hair Perfume Collection Why yes, my hair does have a signature scent. Who Will Design the Last Bag I Ever Buy? It's a tight race between NYFW titans and beloved independents. Brown Mascara Is the Key to Soft Girl Makeup Am I wearing mascara or are these just my lashes? Capsule Wardrobes Are Boring—Here's My Secret to Effortless, Functional Style It'll help you find your true personal style. Travel Sitting Front Row in Paris Changed Everything for Camila Coelho Ten years on, Paris is still her favorite place in the world. By Iris Goldsztajn I’m Convinced Punta Cana Is the Ultimate Girls’ Getaway You’ll find white sand, endless pina coladas, and private island yoga retreats. By Samantha Holender Promo Codes Tatcha promo codes for March 2024 Browse these tried and tested Tatcha promo codes to lower the cost of sunscreen, skincare, and moisturizers straight away. Cupshe promo codes for March 2024 Choose one of these Cupshe verified promo codes to help save money on stylish swimsuits, bikinis and swim accessories today. Dr. Martens promo codes for March 2024 Spend less on iconic boots, sandals, and sneakers when you use one of our verified Dr. Martens promo codes. The OUTNET promo codes for March 2024 Shop designer apparel with these verified The OUTNET promo codes and coupons today. LuisaViaRoma promo codes for March 2024 Discover these verified LuisaViaRoma promo codes and shop the sale to save on over 600 luxury brands today. Cos coupons for March 2024 Save with verified Cos coupons and promo codes on dresses, pants, and t-shirts today. Maisonette promo codes for March 2024 Save with the best verified Maisonette promo codes on boutique furniture, bedding, and toys for babies and children today. VIEW ALL Royally Good Future Queen of Spain Princess Leonor Looks the Part in Carolina Herrera Underneath, she wore a midi green dress for a seasonal pop of color. Doting Big Sister Princess Charlotte Is “Super Protective of Her Little Brother” Personally, one would not advise messing with Charlotte. Emma Corrin's Pantless Tuxedo Was a Love Letter to Princess Diana The actor applied their signature quirky-cool style to an iconic 1985 Lady Di look. Brigitte Macron’s Jaw Dropped When She Saw Queen Máxima of the Netherlands’ Gown Their husbands were not present for this apparent girls’ night out. From the archives Finding Wonder in Textile Waste Cliché but true: One man's trash is another man's treasure. "It Is Hell." Marie Claire Ukraine staffers on what they’re enduring as bombs fall on their beloved country. Read This Before You Upgrade to Sustainable Denim Sustainability is fashion's hottest buzzword. Here’s how to know if those jeans are actually eco-friendly—or just cleverly marketed. Of Murder and Motherhood Their children are gone, but these women are united in their fight for justice and answers. You’ve Probably Never Heard of My "Invisible Disability" Developmental coordination disorder (DCD) can make daily life a struggle. So why isn’t it better known? Little Shop of Horrors Slick Instagram ads promised the perfect figure at a great price. But for these women, their Brazilian Butt Lift dreams turned into a life-threatening nightmare. When Your Body Is Your Brand For women whose livelihood is yoked to their physical self, the concept of wellness is highly complicated. Marie Claire About us Contact Future's experts Contact us Advertise Online Newsletter Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Careers Marie Claire is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.