Brock University – Welcome to Brock Skip to content Skip to search Welcome to Brock University Information for Future students Current students International Co-op Professional and Continuing Studies Community partners Alumni and donors Academics Faculties & Departments Graduate Studies Teaching & Learning Libraries Calendars Academic Integrity Research Research @ Brock Institutes and Centres Research services Brock innovation Transdisciplinarity at Brock Funding opportunities About About Brock Visitor information Contact us Careers @ Brock A–Z directory Emergency Quick links Student Email / 365 my.brocku.ca Brightspace Office of the Registrar Campus Store Brock Sports Important Dates Students’ Union (BUSU) Graduate Students’ Union (GSA) The Brock News Events around campus Faculty and Staff directory Campus Safety Faculty and Staff Login Faculty and Staff Email ITS Help Desk - Password Resets Brock U Home Close Want to go to Brock but not sure where to start? We can help. How to apply Undergraduate students Graduate students Teacher education Continuing education Our programs Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Spring / Summer courses Online Learning Our campus Take a virtual tour Book a campus tour Living at Brock Smart Start More information Admissions @ Brock Important dates Financial aid Request information Close Brock University logo Apply @ Brock Menu Menu Apply Search Brock University Brock U Home Break through here. Choose Brock Brock expert breaks down strategies to tackle bullying in schools Watch the video Brock grad named one of Canada’s most powerful women Read the story Stay connected. Update your contact information. LEARN MORE Back Next Play Read More The Brock News All News Media releases Brock University to mark solar eclipse with free community eventFebruary 27, 2024Reminder: Brock strategic plan surveys open until March 1February 22, 2024Brock program inspires future Black leaders in local high schoolsFebruary 22, 2024 Break through at Brock. Your next chapter begins here. Choose Brock for Undergraduate studies Choose Brock for Graduate studies Choose Brock for Professional and Continuing Studies Break through at Brock. Your next chapter begins here. Choose Brock for Undergraduate studies Choose Brock for Graduate studies Choose Brock for Professional and Continuing Studies PROGRAMS FOR YOU More than 120 programs to match your passion. Explore programs TALK TO US Chat 1-on-1 with our Recruitment Officers. Book now OUR VIEWBOOK Find out all the ways we’re ready for you. See our viewbook Events @ Brock Take a tour of campus Discover Brock with a virtual or on-campus tour. BOOK A TOUR TODAY! Coming up next All events FromMar 5 Community Drop-in: Faith & Life Centre 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM FromMar 5 Drop-in Support at the Black Student Success Centre 8:30 AM – 4:30 PM FromMar 5 Learning Services Academic Support (Hadiya'dagénhahs) 10:00 AM – 11:00 AM FromMar 5 PrezTalks - One-on-One Chats with The President 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM FromMar 5 Learning Services Academic Support (Black Student Success Center) 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM Take a tour of campus Discover Brock with a virtual or on-campus tour. BOOK A TOUR TODAY! Coming up next All events FromMar 5 Community Drop-in: Faith & Life Centre 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM FromMar 5 Drop-in Support at the Black Student Success Centre 8:30 AM – 4:30 PM FromMar 5 Learning Services Academic Support (Hadiya'dagénhahs) 10:00 AM – 11:00 AM FromMar 5 PrezTalks - One-on-One Chats with The President 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM FromMar 5 Learning Services Academic Support (Black Student Success Center) 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM Helpful links Emergency contacts Mental Health and Wellness Campus map Financial information Connect Visitor information Contact Brock University Media relations Website feedback Give toBrock. Every gift makes a difference. Ways to give Copyright © 2024Brock University Non-discrimination Policy University policies Privacy Accessibility Niagara Region1812 Sir Isaac Brock WaySt. Catharines, ONL2S 3A1 Canada+1 905-688-5550 Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Youtube A-Z directory We acknowledge the land on which Brock University was built is the traditional territory of the Haudenosaunee and Anishinaabe peoples, many of whom continue to live and work here today. This territory is covered by the Upper Canada Treaties and is within the land protected by the Dish with One Spoon Wampum agreement. Today this gathering place is home to many First Nations, Metis, and Inuit peoples and acknowledging reminds us that our great standard of living is directly related to the resources and friendship of Indigenous people. Top We use cookies to improve your overall web experience. By using our website you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy I agree