University of Nebraska–Lincoln Skip to main content University of Nebraska–Lincoln Visit Visit Visit the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Apply Apply Apply to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Give Give Give to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Log In Search Search Form Search Submit Close Nebraska Menu Search Log In AboutNews Events Maps Leadership & Organization Diversity & Inclusion Faculty / Staff Services AdmissionsUndergraduate Graduate Online Education Law Global AcademicsPrograms of Study Colleges & Departments Faculty Academic Calendar Academic Catalog Search for Classes Libraries Accounts & Services ResearchOffice of Research & Economic Development Nebraska Innovation Campus NUtech Ventures Industry Relations Life at NebraskaInvolvement & Support Living On Campus Life In Lincoln Arts & Culture Recreation & Well-Being Husker Athletics Outreach & ImpactGlobal Nebraska Nebraska Extension Nebraska Impact Parents Association Alumni Association Entrepreneurship Visit Visit the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Apply Apply to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Give Give to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Nebraska Home Lionel Creates Space for Conversation and Connection Learn More about LionelExplore Admissions Timely Links Visit Nebraska Become a Husker Cost & Aid Get Around Campus Chancellor Bennett Husker Athletics You Can Do More Here You have the power to shape your future and impact the world. At Nebraska, the people behind our Big Ten academic programs are with you every step of the way. Let’s build on your strengths toward a career, connect you with a community of Huskers and do big things. Explore Undergraduate Admissions Explore the Office of Graduate Studies Explore the College of Law In Our Grit, Our Glory Play "You Can Do More at Nebraska" video You can do more at Nebraska video Close There is No Place Like Nebraska The University of Nebraska-Lincoln is a remarkable story of people, ideas and hard work, written over more than 150 years. Huskers have done, and continue to do, amazing things to advance our nation and the world. Here are just a few. Huskers Set World Record Husker Volleyball, and Husker Nation, hold the world record for attendance at a women’s sporting event. Father of African American Art Aaron Douglas, BFA 1922, created the visual identity of the Harlem Renaissance. Husker Undergrad Decodes Ancient Scroll Luke Farritor, a senior in the Raikes School, wins global computer science challenge. Paths for Every Passion What matters most to you? Our nine academic colleges offer a broad range of options with the chance to shape your own path to a Nebraska degree. Not sure you’re ready to choose? We can help! A large number of students work one-on-one with a professional advisor in our Explore Center to make the most of each semester and to choose the best major. Find Your Major Find Your Graduate Program Find Your Law Degree Program Top Producer Student Fulbright Awards Around Campus Project to train, support teachers of diverse backgrounds Diversifying and increasing the number of individuals becoming and remaining teachers in Nebraska and Kansas is the focus of a three-year project and partnership of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and Kansas State University. Innovation Studio offering training, programming on next-gen robots Spring 2024 commencement details announced 20 Huskers to compete in 2024 Perry Photojournalism Challenge Read More News at Nebraska Today Photo by Instagram user audrey_krieger Photo by Instagram user alexismgates Photo by Instagram user joscelynhynes Photo by Instagram user phoenix_sadd Follow @UNLincoln on Instagram The connections I’ve made through the programs and organizations have been the most rewarding part of my college experience. Andre Tharp III, an electrical engineering major with a minor in computer science from Portland, OR and Sacramento, CA Read One Second with Andre Tharp III on Medium See Photos From Picture-Perfect Year on Exposure We’re here to help you shape the future. Visit Nebraska Become a Husker Contact Us University of Nebraska–Lincoln Address 1400 R Street Lincoln, NE 68588 US Phone 402-472-7211 Social Media Affiliates Alumni & Friends Campus Store & Bookstore Emeriti and Retirees Association Husker Athletics Lied Center for Performing Arts International Quilt Museum Nebraska Innovation Campus Nebraska Public Media Parents Association Mary Riepma Ross Media Arts Center Sheldon Museum of Art State Museum University of Nebraska Press University of Nebraska Foundation Campus Links Directory Employment Events Libraries Maps News Office of the Chancellor Report an Incident Policies & Reports Accessibility Statement Institutional Equity and Compliance Notice of Nondiscrimination Privacy Policy Safety at Nebraska Student Information Disclosures UNL web framework and quality assurance provided by the Web Developer Network · QA Test University of Nebraska–Lincoln Copyright 1869 – 2024 Some parts of this site work best with JavaScript enabled.