Winston Churchill | International Churchill Society Skip to content Search for: Visit About Contact Members Learn View All Who was Churchill? Find Speeches Churchill Quotes The Life of Churchill Myths: Fact vs Fiction Genealogy Educators Reference Life View All Timelines Child Young Soldier Rising Politician Wilderness Years War Leader Senior Statesman In Memoriam Who was Churchill? Man of Words Man of Action Man of Leisure Artist Family Man Events View All Churchill 2024 Calendar of Events Upcoming Events Past Events Past Conferences News View All What’s New In the Media Churchill Society News Executive Director’s Update Publications View All Finest Hour Magazine Churchill Bulletin Get Involved View All Donate Subscribe Become a Member Member Login Sponsorship Contact Advertise with Us Young Churchillians Gift Membership Competitions Visit Renew Your Membership Visit About Contact Members Join Do not turn the superior eye of critical passivity upon these efforts ... We must not be ambitious. We cannot aspire to masterpieces. We may content ourselves with a joy ride in a paint-box.~Winston Churchill, 'Painting as a Pastime' I'm interested in... Joining the Churchill Society Finding a Churchill Quote Reading the latest News An upcoming Event Reading the latest issue of Finest Hour Finding Members Information Churchill ©National Portrait Gallery, London WORDS Be inspired Speeches & Quotes Powerful words of wisdom that have stood the test of time. Find Quotes Inspiring speeches that won a war and strengthened a nations resolve. Find Speeches THE LEGEND The legend lives on Churchill Today Calendar of Events 2024 International Churchill Conference View Event All Events Affiliate and Chapter Events The Evolution of Warfare with Lord Andrew Roberts and Gen. David Petraeus View Event All Events Affiliate and Chapter Events Understanding How China’s Government Challenges America View Event All Events Events Bulletin #188 — Jan 2024 Churchill Sesquicentenary Read Post All News Bulletin #186 — Nov 2023 Success in Scotland Read Post All News Bulletin #188 — Jan 2024 Two Quid Winston Read Post All News News Explore Think you know Churchill? Did you know? In his lifetime, Churchill published more than 40 books in 60 volumes, plus hundreds of articles. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953. Take The Quiz More Fast Facts 2024 International Churchill Conference | London Get Your Tickets Now for October 24-27, 2024 Get Tickets Statesmen are not called upon only to settle easy questions. These often settle themselves. It is where the balance quivers, and the proportions are veiled in mist, that the opportunity for world-saving decisions presents itself.~Winston Churchill, 1948, The Second World War More Churchill Quotes The Life of Churchill A statesman, writer, orator and leader. View Interactive Timeline Who was Winston Churchill? Milestones & moments Read his story Family & geneology Magazine Publications Finest Hour Quarterly Magazine Free for Society Members Available in print and digital editions, Finest Hour magazine is packed with premium content, interviews, book reviews, and photography. Become a member and receive your copy today! Join the Society View Archives Membership Join the society Help to preserve the memory of Winston Churchill. Explore how his life and leadership are relevant in today’s world. Become a Member Contribute Make a Donation The International Churchill Society is a registered non-profit, dedicated to Advancing Churchill's Legacy through his Leadership, Courage and Vision. Donate A tribute, join us #thinkchurchill Watch Follow Like Follow thechurchillsociety 🔹: ICS OFFICIAL Posts dedicated to the leadership and memory of Sir Winston Churchill. 🇬🇧|🇺🇸 On #NationalGrammarDay, let's recall Winston Churc Churchill Bulletin: The Newsletter of Winston Chur Unveiling the dynamic side of Winston Churchill! D The International Churchill Society (ICS) is on a Experience the Grandeur of the International Churc Subscribe WANT MORE? Get the Churchill Bulletin delivered to your inbox once a month. Email(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Subscribe Privacy About The International Churchill Society (ICS), founded in 1968 shortly after Churchill's death, is the world’s preeminent member organisation dedicated to preserving the historic legacy of Sir Winston Churchill. We are a UK Registered Charity and US IRS 501c3 Registered Nonprofit Quick Links News About Us Contact Us Partners Chapters & Affiliates Who’s Who Churchill The Life of Churchill Quotes Speeches Myths: Fact vs Fiction Finest Hour Magazine Reference Get Involved Join Events Visit Member Benefits Gift Subscription Terms & Conditions | Site by PixelStorm Copyright © 2024 International Churchill Society. All Rights Reserved. Join Today Join the International Churchill Society today! Membership starts at just $29/year. ×