International Federation of Robotics Toggle navigation IFR Association About IFR Key People Topics and Definitions Contact Compliance International Symposium on Robotics IERA Award Statistics Products Free Downloads Participation IR Participation SR Customer Login Newsroom Press Releases Press Contact Press Photos Press Newsletter Resources Blog Position Papers Case studies Sustainability Robot History Market Research Free Downloads Sitemap Members Members' News Members List Survey IR Survey SR Highlights Highlights +++ IFR: Top Five Robot Trends 2024 +++ IFR: World Robotics 2023 Report: Staff Shortage Boosts Service Robots – Sales Up 48% +++ IFR: World Robotics 2023 Report: Asia ahead of Europe and the Americas +++ IFR: Video - FACTS about ROBOTS - worldwide +++ News Dr. Jin-Oh Kim elected as new President of KAR Korean Association of Robot Industry informed Feb 28, 2024 — Dr. Jin-Oh Kim, Founder and CEO of “Robots and Design Co., Ltd.” in South Korea, was appointed as the 11th president of the Korea Association of Robot Industry(KAR) on February 28, 2024. Next Generation Skills Position Paper updated Feb 28, 2024 — IFR updated its position paper on skills needed by the next generation to qualify for the new robotic jobs. As the world continues to face mounting labor shortages, robotics has emerged to address this challenge. In fact, the current global robot installations base is at an all-time high of around 4 million units. Top 5 Robot Trends 2024 New Technology simplifies Automation Frankfurt, Feb 15, 2024 — The stock of operational robots around the globe hit a new record of about 3.9 million units. This demand is driven by a number of exciting technological innovations. 1 2 3 » IFR Newsroom Latest Blog Posts Challenges for future health care systems Potential answers through medical robotics A new way forward harnessing A.I. in robotics to make work better The Transformative Role of Robotics in Achieving Sustainable Development Goals More Blog Posts Explore Our Case Studies How to Increase Your Robotic Cell Utilization 35% cost reduction while maintaining work safety and high-quality output Solution for Labor Shortage Robots to deliver fresh, healthy food quickly and sustainably Dutch food company Heemskerk relies on ABB More Case Studies Visit YouTube Channel Topics and Definitions Industrial Robots The IFR’s use of the term “industrial robot” is based on the definition of the ISO: an “automatically controlled, reprogrammable multipurpose manipulator programmable in three or more axes” Learn More Service Robots The International Organization for Standardization defines a “service robot” as a "robot in personal use or professional use that performs useful tasks for humans or equipment” Learn More Robotics Research The IFR fosters links between the robotics industry and institutes. Our members engage in an intensive exchange on new technologies and emerging robots at the International Symposium on Robotics ISR Learn More Position Papers Information and IFR opinion on topical issues regarding robots and automation Learn More Case Studies Case Studies of Industrial and Service Robots. Robots in action can be found everywhere. Robot Manufacturers give examples of robot applications in different industries Learn More Robots and Sustainability Which of UN's 17 Sustainability Development Goals can be met with the support of robots? Learn More “I believe that robots and related technologies are important elements that enrich people’s lives while reducing the burden of their daily work. Several decades ago, the scenes of humans and robots sharing the common space and working together was considered a fantasy world, but such a day is not too far off. IFR will take the lead for the people to be ready to enjoy such a world.” Takayuki Ito - IFR Vice President and Standing Advisor & Chief Technical Advisor at FANUC Japan "IFR is a well recognized organization which unites national robot associations, academia and manufacturers all over the world. To join IFR will let us know the latest statistics and information, to have the channel to present our ideas and thoughts in front of global peers. We hope to have more opportunities for international cooperation and promote the high-speed and healthy development of the robotics industry." You Wei - IFR General Assembly member and CEO and Chairman of EFORT group "SCHUNK is a member of the International Federation of Robotics to stay updated on global trends, policies, and advancements in robotics. Membership allows contribution to shaping standards, policies, and fostering robot adoption worldwide." Milton Guerry - past IFR President and member of the Executive Board; President of SCHUNK US "As the CEO of PAL Robotics, I am proud to bring our 20+ years of pioneering expertise in service robotics to the International Federation of Robotics (IFR). Serving as the Chair of Service Robotics, it's an honor to collaborate with industry leaders. Together, we're committed to shaping a future where robotics and human society coexist beneficially, driving innovation and enhancing the quality of life globally." Francesco Ferro - Chair IFR Service Robot Group and CEO of PAL Robotics "IFR is a unique international association having members from groups, companies and research institutes from around the world who are involved in robotics. IFR widely offers useful data, opportunities and other benefits not only to its members, but also to the world at large. There are high expectations that IFR will enhance the synergy and mutual support among all its members to become drivers to energetically establish a sustainable society." Kenji Yamaguchi - past IFR Vice President and Representative Director, President and CEO of FANUC Corporation, Japan “Joining IFR is a source of pride, the sharing expertise of the worldwide members is key to progress rapidly in the deployment of robotics, build up a powerful innovation ecosystem and drive excellent research. IFR strengths are the possibility to create new opportunities of partnerships, to promote the transfer of knowledge in order to shrink the distances between robotics world and the society and the excellent research networks”. Sandro Santamaria - IFR General Assembly Member and CEO, ROBOTECO Spa, Italy "IFR brings opportunity to network and engage with other professionals and entrepreneurs in the field of robotics to together ensure both that more companies and more people benefit from adopting technologies. I believe we are witnessing one of the greatest technological shifts in the history of mankind, during which Robotics, AI and related technologies have the potential to transform every industry and aspect of our lives within the next decade." Marina Bill - IFR President and Global Head of Marketing & Sales, ABB Management Services Ltd. Established in 1987, IFR has brought together the international robotics players in more than 20 countries. It is a unique platform for sharing information and exchanging ideas, thus contributing to the dynamic development of the robotics around the world. The role of IFR is becoming more and more important for further global development of robotics in the future. CRIA is proud to be part of this international robotics family. Xiaogang Song - IFR Executive Board Member and Secretary General, China Robotics Industry Alliance (CRIA) "The International Federation of Robotics is here to provide a reliable and highly trained professional network for the robotics community. By sponsoring the International Symposium on Robotics (ISR), the IFR stands as a major driver for researchers and engineers from around the globe, allowing them to present their pioneering works in service and industrial robotics." Professor Alexander Verl - Chairman IFR Research Committee and Head of Institute for Control Engineering of Machine Tools and Manufacturing Units / University of Stuttgart “What I have learned from IFR: The market data on new technologies and trends provided by the IFR are essential for anyone involved in robotics. The IFR meetings have been tremendously beneficial for bringing together industry and academia, and providing invaluable networking opportunities.” Jong-Oh Park - IFR Executive Board Member and Professor School of Mechanical Engineering, Chonnam National University "One of the key benefits of the IFR is its influence on public opinion, to bring across the positive impact robotics has on economic performance, and to ease fears of technology. Particularly in times such as these, in which populist messages are prevalent, society needs an institution that informs objectively about robotics with well-founded statistics and research." Bruno Schnekenburger - past IFR Vice Chairman of Robot Suppliers Committee and President / CEO Yaskawa EMEA "Robotics technology is the key element of future production. This is already clear in the automobile industry and other relatively large scale productions. But now, robot co-workers are creating new opportunities and applications, particularly in the medium and small size enterprises, through easier set-up and reasonable costs. The IFR introduces these applications and paves the way towards potential future markets." Junji J. Tsuda - past IFR President and Representative Director Chairman of the Board, Yaskawa Electric Corporation, Japan Previous Next Events R-24 March 13- March 15, 2024 Robots, Automation and Drones Automate May 06- May 09, 2024 Discover the latest in robotics, machine vision, AI, motion control, and related technologies. ICRA 2024 May 13- May 17, 2024 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation Elmia Automation May 14- May 17, 2024 Automation fair International Drone Show May 29- DIRA Business og ROBOTBRAG May 30- May 31, 2024 Annual Robot Party Automation UK June 18- June 19, 2024 Bringing industrial automation and robotics to life TAIROS & Automation Taipei August 21- August 24, 2024 Taiwan Automation Intelligence and Robot Show Automatik 2024 September 10- September 12, 2024 Expo & Conferences Robot Heart co-located with BI-MU October 09- October 12, 2024 The art of smart robotics RobotWorld 2024 October 23- October 26, 2024 RobotWorld, which is the biggest specialized robotics exhibition in Korea automatica June 24- June 27, 2025 trade fair for smart automation and robotics Previous Next World Robotics – Industrial Robots: Asia ahead of Europe and the Americas The report recorded 553,052 industrial robot installations in factories around the world – a growth rate of 5% in 2022, year-on-year. By region, 73% of all newly deployed robots were installed in Asia, 15% in Europe and 10% in the Americas. Products Free Downloads World Robotics – Service Robots: Worldwide sales of professional robots grew by 48% In 2022, worldwide sales of professional service robot grew by 48%. Almost 158,000 sold units were registered by IFR Statistical Department. The size of the RaaS fleet grew by 50% to more than 21,000 units. At the same time sales of Consumer robots decreases by 12% to about 5 million units. There are hardly any RaaS models offered in this category. Products Free Downloads Previous Next Services Newsletter Registration Subscribe Unsubscribe This registration is only valid for the receipt of the IFR Newsletter. Name Email* Privacy Policy* I agree to the IFR Privacy Policy. I read and agree to the IFR Privacy Policy. IFR saves my data at Cleverreach. I know, IFR deletes my data as soon as I unsubscribe from this Newsletter. Subscribe The IFR Newsletter - published quarterly - informs about sector relevant news - press releases, in-depth blogs, positioning papers and case studies on robot use. In addition, we inform about upcoming events, and new IFR members. Each newsletter highlights a report by the current IFR president. Please register for an automatic supply. Newsletter 4/2023 Newsletter 3/2023 Newsletter 2/2023 Newsletter 1/2023 IFR Twitter Feed Keep yourself updated on IFR activities: Tweets von @IFR_Robots Contact IFR Dr. Susanne Bieller IFR General Secretary Lyoner Str. 18DE-60528 Frankfurt am MainPhone: +49 69-6603-1502E-Mail: secretariat(at)ifr.org Dr. Christopher Müller Director IFR Statistical Department Lyoner Str. 18DE-60528 Frankfurt am MainPhone: +49 69-6603-11 91E-Mail: statistics(at)ifr.org Silke Lampe Assistant IFR Secretariat Lyoner Str. 18DE-60528 Frankfurt am MainPhone: +49 69-6603-1697E-Mail: secretariat(at)ifr.org Nina Kutzbach Assistant IFR Statistical Department Lyoner Str. 18DE-60528 Frankfurt am MainPhone: +49 69-6603-1518E-Mail: statistics(at)ifr.org Credits · Legal Disclaimer · Privacy Policy ·World Robotics Terms of Usage · © IFR 2024 Privacy Settings We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Strictly necessary Analytics Privacy Policy Save Accept all