University of Redlands University of Redlands Emergency Alert System Alert Received: . For more information, visit: https://www.redlands.edu/alert/ University of Redlands Meet Redlands Academics Student Life Admissions & Aid Athletics Alumni News & Events Search Academic Calendar Bookstore Campus Map Commencement Library MyRedlands Tutoring Services Create Change. Day One. Relentlessly Redlands Apply Now Schools College of Arts and Sciences Choose from 40+ bachelor's degree programs at our main Redlands campus, including Environmental Studies, Psychology, Public Policy, Global Business, and Media & Communication—or create your own degree. Learn more School of Business & Society Master’s, bachelor’s, and certificate programs for working professionals in-person and online, including the Redlands MBA, M.S. in Business Analytics, M.S. in Organizational Leadership and B.S. in Business. Learn more School of Education Master’s, doctoral, and credential programs at three campuses and online, such as the M.A. Learning and Teaching and the Doctorate in Leadership for Educational Justice. Learn more Graduate School of Theology Master’s, doctoral, and certificate programs at our Marin campus and online, such as the Master of Divinity and Certificate in Spiritual Direction and Formation. Learn more Presidio Graduate School Master’s and certificate programs at our Marin campus and online, such as the Presidio MBA in Sustainable Solutions, Dual MBA/MPA Degree in Sustainable Solutions, and Sustainable Management certificate. Learn more U of R Schools and Centers Read more about our schools and centers and their collaborative, engaged approach to education. Learn more Distinctive programs Among the University's many offerings For the highly motivated—and uncontrollably curious—the Johnston Center for Integrative studies lets you create a unique, interdisciplinary program to fit your academic interests. Learn more Craft your unique educational path at Johnston The U of R’s music programs offer artistic and academic excellence with 10 bachelor’s, master’s, and artist diploma programs. Learn more Hone your musical talent Students with an interest in geography and spatial technologies have many opportunities to help solve real-world problems, conduct original research, and build sought-after skills. Learn more Embrace spatial thinking All over the world, through partner schools and study abroad opportunities, Redlands lets you discover the world as it really is—firsthand. Learn more Explore the world Top 3% Of colleges, ranked by contribution to the public good—Washington Monthly Top 7 in the West —U.S. News & World Report Hispanic Serving Institution The U.S. Department of Education has designated the University of Redlands as a Hispanic Serving Institution (HSI) Welcome, opportunity. Academic excellence Experience intellectual and personal growth in our liberal arts, sciences, pre-professional, undergraduate, and graduate programs—supported and challenged by a community of students and professors. Learn more Affordability More than 90% of students receive some form of financial assistance. We offer a variety of grants, scholarships, and loan options—as well as a four-year promise for College students—to help make the high-impact education at Redlands a reality for you. Learn more Student outcomes More than 54,000 alumni call Redlands their alma mater, and surveys show that generations have found the University’s personalized education prepared them well for career success and lifelong learning. Learn more A bright future Wherever you may find yourself going next, opportunities await. Whether you’re an incoming student or a Redlands graduate, our Career and Professional Development team is available to help you achieve the next step in your career path—whether it is finding an internship in your field or working for a top employer. Learn more The greater good By planting the seeds for growth, progress, and change, we can transform what’s around us, and what’s ahead for us all. That’s why we are recognized by Washington Monthly for contributing to the public good. Learn more Community At Redlands, you’ll find a close-knit community that shares interests, respects differences, and cares deeply about one another. You’ll discover the support and sense of belonging that nurtures lifelong friendships and makes Redlands quickly feel like home. Learn more We are committed to action, creating a University culture in which we all feel secure, heard, and respected. —President’s Cabinet Read about the University’s diversity and inclusion initiatives Commencement 2024 The University of Redlands commencement celebrations will take place in April. View the event schedule and information for students, family and guests. Commencement Information News Innovation in Ed Tech: School of Education to demystify AI at Summit The University of Redlands will host the AI in Education & Counseling Summit. Bulldogs 'Get in the Game' to help save lives University of Redlands hosts annual bone marrow donor registration drive. Continuing the work and honoring the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The University of Redlands commemorates and honors the work of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. during a week of events on campus. More News Event What's Next? Graduate Programs Preview Night February 19, 2024 Apply Now Contact Us Visits & Tours Giving Employment Online Programs Library Public Safety My Redlands A–Z Directory Och Tamale Magazine Bulldog Bites University of Redlands Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram Youtube University of Redlands 1200 East Colton Ave P.O. Box 3080 Redlands, CA 92373 United States Tel: (909) 793-2121 Fax: (909) 793-2029 ©2024 University of Redlands. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Title IX Ethics Reporting Emergency The University of Redlands does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, disability, age, marital status, sexual orientation, or other legally-protected characteristic in its programs and activities. Read the Notice of Nondiscrimination here.