Earth Day: The Official Site | EARTHDAY.ORG Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content Join Us An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. First Name * Last Name * Email address * Mobile number Country * Select your country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo The Democratic Republic of The Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Democratic People's Republic of Korea Republic of Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinia Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. I want to receive text updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. Join The Movement Thank you for signing up Join Us Search: Search Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Contrast Earth Day 2024 Earth Hub Quizzes Toolkits Fact Sheets Petitions Reports Become a Partner Volunteer Initiatives The Canopy Project Climate Education Campus Coalition End Plastics Fashion For The Earth The Great Global Cleanup® Foodprints For The Future My Future My Voice Regenerative Agriculture All Initiatives Stories & Events News & Stories Watch Earth Day Live 22 Minutes With… Press Releases Find an Event near you About Us About Us History Victories Board Staff Careers Store Donate Search: Search Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Join Us EARTHDAY.ORG's founders created and organized the very first Earth Day on April 22, 1970. Since then, EARTHDAY.ORG has been mobilizing over 1 billion people annually on Earth Day, and every other day, to protect the planet. It's not a day, it's a movement Donate Today Our Legacy The first Earth Day in 1970 mobilized millions of Americans from all walks of life to birth the modern environmental movement. Since then, Earth Day has evolved into the largest civic event on Earth, activating billions across 192 countries to safeguard our planet and fight for a brighter future. 100s of Millions of Trees Planted Educators in 149 Countries 7 billion Green School Grants 2.7 Billion Acts of Green 36 Million Cleanup Volunteers 50 Million Citizen Data Points Read More Earth Day 2024 EARTHDAY.ORG is unwavering in our commitment to end plastics for the sake of human and planetary health, demanding a 60% reduction in the production of ALL plastics by 2040. Our theme, Planet vs. Plastics, calls to advocate for widespread awareness on the health risk of plastics, rapidly phase out all single use plastics, urgently push for a strong UN Treaty on Plastic Pollution, and demand an end to fast fashion. Join us as we build a plastic-free planet for generations to come! Discover More Babies vs. Plastics Governments and NGOs from around the world are gathered in Nairobi to negotiate the terms of the United Nations Global Plastic Treaty. EARTHDAY.ORG marks this critically important moment with the release of their damning report, BABIES VS. PLASTICS. This report, the first of five such reports, offers an over-view of some of the latest research studying the impacts of microplastics on the health of young babies and children. Read More Climate Education Climate and environmental literacy, coupled with strong civic education, will create jobs, build a green consumer market and allow citizens to engage with their governments in a meaningful way to address the climate crisis. Advocate for Climate Education Curriculum Packets Toolkits and Newsletters The Great Global Cleanup Get involved and help us create a waste-free world. Find a cleanup near you Register your upcoming cleanup Find out more Get Inspired! Test your knowledge on environmental issues and sustainable solutions by taking one of our informative quizzes, and don’t forget to explore our comprehensive toolkits and fact sheets for further resources and insights on the best ways to proactively protect our shared home. Quizzes Try now Toolkits Read More Fact Sheets Read More The Power of Collective Action Our environmental legacy is a testament to the power of collective action, and it calls upon individuals, businesses, governments, and the private sector to join hands in safeguarding our planet. Now, more than ever, we must step up our efforts to combat climate change, protect biodiversity, and preserve our ecosystems. Join us today and fight for a sustainable and thriving future. End Plastics Learn More The Great Global Cleanup Learn More Fashion for the Earth Learn More Climate Education Learn More The Canopy Project Learn More Recommended Articles This Earth Day Is About The ‘Planet Vs. Plastics’ And Organizers Are Pushing Petitions And Education “Plastic is killing us,” says Bryce Coon, director of Climate Education Initiatives at EarthDay.org... Read More COLUMN: The climate change lesson plans teachers need and don’t have New research shows teachers need help combating misinformation as well as presenting solutions Read More The Advanced Imaging Society Announces Winners of 14th Annual Lumiere Awards The Advanced Imaging Society’s Lumiere Awards handed out statuettes for distinguished creative and technical... Read More CUPID AT WORK ON EARTH DAY EARTHDAY.ORG journalist Lilly Howard shares the stories of couples who fell in love on Earth Day Read More EARTHDAY.ORG WELCOMES EDUCATION STAFF TO SPEARHEAD CLIMATE EDUCATION INITIATIVES EARTHDAY.ORG, the driving force behind the global celebration of Earth Day and the leading advocacy group championing the importance of teaching climate... Read More Latest Articles Is Plastic Making Us Obese? Research is revealing the role of a shockingly common factor... Lindsey SparkmanMarch 4, 2024 Turning Trash Troubles into Eco-Empowerment Learn about policy changes, health risks, and ways to take... Rex XuMarch 2, 2024 Visionary Black Environmentalists Making A Difference We thank these incredible justice leaders for their work and... Morgan VilaFebruary 26, 2024 Load More More Stories We Look Good On You To help support our campaigns we've teamed up with Teemill to sustainably produce our clothing. Each garment is made from certified organic cotton in a factory powered by renewable energy and printed to order using low waste tech to ensure we don't print more than we need. Shop Now Supporters Spotlight Kimberly H - Canopy Project Donor "Preserving our planet is so important for future generations. If we each donate a little and do our part, it will add up to make a better world for all living things."​ Patricia M - Canopy Project Donor "It supports the fight against climate change which aids at risk wildlife.."​ Caroll K - Donor "The public must be educated re climate change."​ Fawaz B - Donor "Investing in Earthday can promote sustainability, address environmental challenges, and contribute to a better future for our planet and generations to come."​ Jill N - Member " We all need to do our part to protect our planet and everything that resides in it."​ Elina H - Member "I care about the future of the planet and life on it beyond my own generation."​ Colleen M - Volunteer " I want to leave a little part of the world better than it was when I arrived."​ Luiza A - Volunteer " We must keep this beautiful planet for future generations of all species. We cannot destroy such a gift !"​ Madelyn V - Volunteer "I am passionate about nature and taking care of this beautiful planet!" Our Partners All Partners An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. Email address * Zip Code * I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. By providing my phone number, I understand that Earth Day Network and its affiliates, service providers and non for profit partner organizations may use automated calling technologies and/or text message me on my cellular phone on a periodic basis. Earth Day Network will never charge for text message alerts. Carrier message and data rates may apply to such alerts. Text STOP to stop receiving messages. Sign up Thank you for signing up! Email address Zip code I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. Thank you for signing up An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. Sign Up Become a Volunteer International Network Press Room Contact Us Careers Quizzes Toolkits Fact Sheets Supporters Privacy Policy International Network USA Italy Middle East North Africa India Mexico Southeast Asia Australia Sub-Saharan Africa South America 190+ Countries Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Tax ID - 13-3798288 1752 N Street NW Suite 700 Washington, DC 20036 +1 (202) 518- 0044 [email protected] Terms of use Privacy Policy Hi, It seems you are visiting us from India, would you like to visit our India pages? Yes please No thank you