Free Download Manager - download everything from the internet EN EN DE ES FR PT RU ZH Home Features Awards Download Support Link to us Donate Forum Blog Free Download Manager It's a powerful modern download accelerator and organizer for Windows, macOS, Android, and Linux. FDM 6.20 for Windows 11/10 32-bit Download for Windows Downloads for other platforms No adware, no malware 100% absolutely free Free Download Manager features Fast, safe and efficient downloading Video downloading from popular websites Torrents and magnet links downloads Proxy support HTTP/HTTPS/FTP/BitTorrent support User-friendly interface with modern design Support for Windows, macOS, Android, and Linux Free Download Manager for Windows, macOS, Android, and Linux allows you to adjust traffic usage, organize downloads, control file priorities for torrents, efficiently download large files and resume broken downloads. FDM can boost all your downloads up to 10 times, process media files of various popular formats, drag&drop URLs right from a web browser as well as simultaneously download multiple files! Our internet download manager is compatible with the most popular browsers: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer. See more features. Supported languages English Spanish German French Portuguese Romanian Polish Dutch Swedish Italian Danish Chinese Vietnamese Turkish Indonesian Share FDM Latest news Dec 19, 2023 FDM 6.20 released FDM, a free download manager, continues to evolve. The new release, 6.20, runs on a completely new core, with UI designed from scratch. We made it to ensure FDM works smoothly on every modern device it can be run on. Also, there are 20+ new features and a dozen bug fixes. Sep 13, 2023 Important Security Announcement to Our Valued Users Dear FDM users! We acknowledge the reports regarding the security concerns and assure you that we're actively investigating them. Maintaining your trust is our top priority, and we strive to present a straightforward and honest description of the situation. Unfortunately, we must confirm a past breach of our site. Based on our findings, a specific web page on our site was compromised by… Mar 31, 2023 FDM is now on Microsoft Store! Dear FDM users! We are thrilled to announce that Free Download Manager is now available on the Microsoft Store! Download FDM if you haven’t already to make downloading files faster, easier, and more efficient. Please leave a positive review and vote for the app on the store. Your feedback and support will help us to continue improving FDM and provide the best downloading experience possible. Thank you for choosing Free Download Manager! Mar 15, 2023 FDM 6.19 released! Dear FDM users! We have great news for you! Free Download Manager has been updated to 6.19 and now boasts a wealth of new features and improvements. The revamped version of FDM can launch external applications after download is complete, remember the last used scheduler's settings as default ones, and automatically remove finished downloads after a certain period specified by the user. Moreover, to bring a better user experience, FDM 6.19 includes a refurbished sort-by-status algorithm, an improved download traffic managing mechanism, and several new BitTorrent options. You are welcome to update FDM to the latest release and share your feedback on our forum! News subscription Enter correct e-mail Categories System Utilities Photo & Graphics Multimedia Games Internet & Network Mobile Phone Tools Education Development Tools Office Tools Business Home & Hobby Security Communication Desktop General Search in our software library Easy Video Editing Solutions for Windows Software alternatives Top 5 feature-rich photo editors in 2024 Software alternatives Top Online Meeting and Video Conferencing Software 2024 Software alternatives Windows Mac Latest software ION Setup 3.9 on 14 votes PowerLogic ION Setup is a user friendly configuration tool that provides an intuitive environment for setting up and verifying settings on PowerLogic... Remote Desktop Manager 4.0 on 24 votes Configure and manage multiple remote connections, and share them between users. UnHackMe 4.5 on 26 votes UnHackMe was initially created as anti-rootkit software (2005), but currently eliminates the following types of malicious software: Search redirecting... EssentialPIM 3.5 on 39 votes Free personal information manager that can be used to store your contacts, passwords, notes, etc. and manage your calendar, tasks list, e-mail, and other data. Articulate 360 3.5 on 16 votes Articulate 360 program allows you to create online and mobile courses. It gives you an ever-expanding set of free slide templates... Free Bible KJV 3.8 on 19 votes The King James Bible program has over 12,000 topics, parables, Messianic prophecies, topic searches, maps, and book marks. DreamPlan Home Design Software 4.0 on 36 votes Create the floor plan of your house, arrange furniture in it, and visualize the result in 3D. WinOptics 5.0 on 2 votes Program designed for opticians that enables you to manage patients, inventory, quotes, invoicing, supplier, orders, mailings... MPlayer OSX Extended 4.0 on 7 votes MPlayer OSX Extended aims to deliver a powerful, functional and no frills video player for OS X. InstaLogin 3.0 on 84 votes Safari app extension that allows you to automatically login in into websites with Safari AutoFill. RobloxStudio 4.1 on 217 votes ROBLOX Studio is a program that allows users to edit their places with a full suite of tools (superior to the Play Solo gear,)... DbGate Smart SQL+noSQL database client. The application is free to use for any purpose and the source code is available under MIT license. Teamwork Timer 3.1 on 56 votes Powerful and simple time tracking tool, integrated with Teamwork Project Manager. Main features: Assign tasks to one or several people. RM Easiteach Glass Mode tool A complete whole-class teaching and learning application which puts you in the driving seat for creating and delivering engaging lessons and resources. Loader 5.0 on 47 votes Smarter way to import music, sound effects, graphics and movies into Final Cut Pro. Mathematica 4.0 on 61 votes Tool of choice across the technical world for everything from simple calculations to large-scale computations, programming, or presenting. Popular tutorials Featured How to use a firewall Featured How to Protect your Email Account from Being Hacked Featured How to Upgrade your Windows 7/8/8.1 to Windows 10 for Free Terms & Privacy • Contact us • Donate Twitter Facebook © 2004 - 2024 Free Download Manager.ORG. All rights reserved.