Barcodes Powered by GS1 Standards | GS1 US Meet Your Trading Partners and Solve Your Business Challenges at GS1 Connect - June 4-6, Orlando. Register Now The Global Language of Business GS1 US Store GS1 Connect Conference Small Business Get A Barcode Login Access my Barcodes (Data Hub) myGS1 US UPC, Barcodes & Prefixes UPC, Barcodes & Prefixes How to get a UPC Barcode How many barcodes do I need Renew Guide to UPCs Barcode Types Create a UPC Barcode What is a GTIN? What is a Prefix? What is a GLN? What is a GS1-128 barcode? Place barcodes on products Small Business Why GS1 US For Small Business Inventory Management for Small Business Selling Through Marketplaces Product Packaging that Sells How to Get a Product Manufactured Tools & Resources Tools & Resources Tools GS1 US Data Hub GS1 Database Barcode Estimator Create a UPC Barcode Check Digit Calculator EPC Encoder / Decoder User Memory Encoder / Decoder GTIN Management Standard Decision Tool Services Advisory Services Data Quality Certification Product Measurement Services Find GS1 US Solution Partners Resources Data Hub Help Center RosettaNet Standards Glossary FAQ GS1 Company Prefix, Barcodes, and Identification Logging In My Account Helpful Tools and Resources Update Prefix Registration Industries & Insights Industries & Insights Featured Autonomous Retail Sustainable Supply Chains DSCSA (Drug Supply Chain Security Act) Data Quality & Governance Transitioning to 2D Barcodes – Sunrise 2027 RFID Implementation Program Standards Apparel & General Merchandise Standards in Use Retail Grocery Standards in Use Foodservice Standards in Use Healthcare Standards in Use Food Safety GS1 Digital Link By Industry Join an Industry Initiative & Workgroup Apparel & General Merchandise Retail Grocery Foodservice Healthcare Banking Government & Public Sector Supply Chain Topics What is a Supply Chain Inventory Management Standards & Regulations Supply Chain Visibility RFID for Identifiers More Topics Verified by GS1 Partners Become GS1 US Solution Partner Podcasts Media Center Education & Events GS1 Connect Why Attend? Pricing Travel & Info Sponsors & Exhibitors Agenda Education & Events GS1 US University GS1 Standards Essentials Certificate Courses Team Learning Events Webinars Calendar Supply Chain Visibility Summit FSMA Rule 204 Webinar Series Who We Are Who We Are About Us Mission & History Leadership Team and Board of Governors How We Help GS1 US Story Membership Benefits Join and Renew Resources Update Your GS1 Company Prefix Registration Careers What to Expect View Open Roles Contact Us The Global Language of Business GS1 US Store GS1 Connect Conference Small Business The GS1 US Solution Getting and Using BarcodesGetting into the MarketplaceUsing Product DataIndustry Insights I want to Choose an option So that I can Choose an option Submit Top results View More Authentic Barcodes Powered by GS1 Standards To make your products easy to find, buy, trace, and fulfill they need a unique digital identity supported by standardized data. GS1 provides a common digital language to seamlessly communicate trusted data across the supply chain. Over two million companies around the world harness the power of GS1 Standards to fuel commerce and manage their supply chains. Power Your Sales UPC Barcodes, GTINs, and GLNs are like fingerprints for your products and locations, giving everyone confidence that your products and locations are uniquely identified along the supply chain. Get it right the first time with GS1. Get Barcodes How do I get started? What barcode do I need? How do I use my barcodes? What is a GLN? Power Your Supply Chain With GS1 Standards, you have powerful tools, best practices, and trusted master data foundations to deliver consistent experiences. Learn how to put the most widely used supply chain standards to work for your business. Featured Trending topics Popular tools & resources GS1 US University Win with consumers with a powerful digital supply chain. The opportunities, information, and resources you need to help your supply chain thrive in a digital world. Register Now Instant access to reliable tools and resources to support your organization Barcode Estimator Estimate How Many Barcodes You Need. The most important thing to understand is that each variation… Manage Your Barcodes with GS1 US Data Hub GS1 US Data Hub® combines three powerful online tools. Find GS1 US Solution Partners The GS1 US Solution Partner Program is a network of member companies… Barcodes from GS1 US are Trusted Around the Globe Making an investment in your business by obtaining barcodes for your products enables you to successfully sell your products on and offline. Whether you are satisfied with selling one product or want to grow and scale your business, barcodes and GTINs are must-haves. Learn More About GS1 US “In this publication the letters ‘UPC’ are used solely as an abbreviation for the ‘Universal Product Code,’ which is a product identification system. They do not refer to the UPC®, which is a federally registered certification mark of the International Association of Plumbing and Mechanical Officials (‘IAPMO’) to certify compliance with the Uniform Plumbing Code as authorized by IAPMO.” Who We Are GS1 Connect Conference Careers Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Antitrust Policy IP Policy GS1 Global GS1 Connect Sitemap © 2024 GS1 US. All Rights Reserved GS1 US® and design is a registered trademark of GS1 US, Inc. Trademarks appearing on this site are owned by GS1 US, Inc. unless otherwise noted, and may not be used without the permission of GS1 US, Inc.