Distance Learning Courses and Adult Education - The Open University Skip to content Sign in| Sign out| My Account | StudentHome | TutorHome | IntranetHome | Contact the OUContact the OUContact the OU| AccessibilityAccessibility Search the OU Courses Postgraduate International Research About News & media Business & apprenticeships The future is open with The Open University Study flexibly around your life with the experts in supported distance learning. For over 50 years, we’ve supported millions of learners to transform their lives through our career-boosting, respected qualifications. With dedicated tutor support and the latest in learning technology, there’s no limit to what you can achieve. Whatever future you’re looking for, your possibilities are open. Find your course Search for a course Undergraduate Postgraduate Find Courses Enter a keyword to narrow your search Search term cannot contain more than 100 characters Browse our courses Choose from over 200 qualifications and 400 modules. Boost your career 86% of our alumni say that study with us helped them achieve their career goals. Distance learning Three quarters of our students study alongside work. Our teaching fits around you. Funding your studies 80% of our students pay for their course with a student loan. Looking to train your staff? Free learning News from the OU Read more news OU research impact Open University research shapes policy and practice, drives innovation and has practical applications which change lives across the globe. Learn more about the impact of our research The future is Open The future is unpredictable, but it’s still yours for the taking with flexible study that means you can learn while you earn. Keeping your options open. Planet Earth III Co-produced by The Open University, this latest instalment of the BBC’s iconic nature series explores new, previously unseen locations and stunning landscapes. Join Sir David Attenborough for eight episodes of extraordinary stories that are dramatic, thrilling, sometimes funny, sometimes heart-breaking, but always full of hope. To explore fascinating facts about amazing animals and their remarkable habitats in a special AR experience, and to order your free poster, visit the OU/BBC partnership website. Planet Earth III Co-produced by The Open University, this latest instalment of the BBC’s iconic nature series explores new, previously unseen locations and stunning landscapes. Join Sir David Attenborough for eight episodes of extraordinary stories that are dramatic, thrilling, sometimes funny, sometimes heart-breaking, but always full of hope. To explore fascinating facts about amazing animals and their remarkable habitats in a special AR experience, and to order your free poster, visit the OU/BBC partnership website. Statement on equality and diversity The OU was founded to open up higher education to all, regardless of background or circumstances. Our mission is to be open to people, places, methods and ideas—and as such, equality and diversity are at the heart of everything we do. Our continued dedication to social justice and equality of opportunity is embodied in our vision and principles: Our vision of a fair and just society We are creating an inclusive university community and a society where: People are treated with dignity and respect Inequalities are challenged We anticipate, and respond positively to, different needs and circumstances so that everyone can achieve their potential Our equality and diversity principles We value diversity and we recognise that different people bring different perspectives, ideas, knowledge and culture, and that this difference brings great strength. We believe that discrimination or exclusion based on individual characteristics and circumstances, such as age; disability; caring or dependency responsibilities; gender or gender identity; marriage and civil partnership status; political opinion; pregnancy and maternity; race, colour, caste, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; sexual orientation; socio-economic background; trade union membership status or other distinctions, represents a waste of talent and a denial of opportunity for self-fulfilment. We recognise that patterns of under-representation and differences in outcomes at The Open University can be challenged through positive action programmes. We respect the rights of individuals, including the right to hold different views and beliefs. We will not allow these differences to be manifested in a way that is hostile or degrading to others. We expect commitment and involvement from all our staff, students, partners and providers of goods and services in working towards the achievement of our vision. To read our equality scheme in the full or abbreviated version, or to find out more about equality and diversity at The Open University, visit the Equality and Diversity Website. You can also read our anti-racism and anti-discrimination statements. Read more about equality and diversity The Open University Explore Study with us Supported distance learning Funding your studies International students Global reputation Business Apprenticeships Develop your workforce News & media Jobs Contact the OU Undergraduate Arts and Humanities Art History Biology Business and Management Chemistry Combined Studies Computing and IT Counselling Creative Writing Criminology Design Early Years Economics Education Electronic Engineering Engineering English Environment Film and Media Geography Health and Social Care Health and Wellbeing Health Sciences History International Studies Languages Law Marketing Mathematics Mental Health Music Nursing and Healthcare Philosophy Physics Politics Psychology Religious Studies Science Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Software Engineering Sport and Fitness Statistics Postgraduate Postgraduate study Research degrees Masters in Art History (MA) Masters in Computing (MSc) Masters in Creative Writing (MA) Masters degree in Education Masters in Engineering (MSc) Masters in English Literature (MA) Masters in History (MA) Master of Laws (LLM) Masters in Mathematics (MSc) Masters in Psychology (MSc) MBA A to Z of Masters degrees Policy Accessibility statement Cymraeg Conditions of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Manage cookie preferences Modern slavery act (pdf 149kb) Copyright Follow us on Social media Accessibility statement Conditions of use Copyright Cymraeg Privacy policy Cookie policy Manage cookie preferences Student Policies and Regulations Student Charter System Status Contact the OU Contact the OU Jobs Accessibility statement Cymraeg Conditions of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Manage cookie preferences Modern Slavery Act (pdf 149kb) Copyright ©.. .