WebAIM: Web Accessibility In Mind skip to main content Main Navigation Services Articles Resources Projects Community Search: Introduction to Web Accessibility WebAIM Training We have web accessibility in mind Expanding the potential of the web for people with disabilities by empowering individuals and organizations to create accessible content. Accessibility Training WebAIM can provide web, document, Zoom, and strategic accessibility training to fit your needs. Technical Assistance Need assistance implementing accessibility? WebAIM's expert staff can provide the assistance you need. StrategicA11y The Strategic Web Accessibility Workshop helps participants optimize their organization's accessibility. Evaluation and Reporting We can provide reports to help you know how accessible your site is and how to make it better. Community WebAIM Blog Newsletter E-mail Discussion List Twitter Current Features WebAIM Screen Reader User Survey The results of the 10th WebAIM Screen Reader User Survey are now available. This survey is supported in part by BrowserStack. Review the Screen Reader User Survey Results The WebAIM Strategic Accessibility Framework Accessibility requires strategic vision and planning. This framework provides a structure for implementing and assessing organizational accessibility. The WebAIM Strategic Accessibility Framework The WebAIM Million - 2023 Update An automated WAVE analysis of the home pages for the top one million web sites shows widespread accessibility issues. Read the WebAIM Million report Archive of featured items… WebAIM Trainings Document Accessibility Online Course March cohort open for enrollment Virtual Web Accessibility Training March 12–13 Online StrategicA11y - Virtual Strategic Web Accessibility Workshop March 13–14 & 27–28 Online WebAIM Activities ATIA 2024 January 25–27 Orlando, Florida Pacific Rim International Conference on Disability and Diversity February 27–28 Honolulu, Hawai’i CSUN Assistive Technology Conference March 18–22 Anaheim, California ©2024 WebAIM Institute for Disability Research, Policy, and Practice Utah State University 6807 Old Main Hill Logan, UT 84322-6807 435.797.7024 Check Your Accessibility Web site address: From the Blog Screen Reader User Survey #10 ResultsWebAIM and BrowserStack: Allies for Digital Accessibility ExcellenceAn Evolution in Microsoft Office AccessibilityWebAIM's Response to ADA NPRM Popular Resources WebAIM Training WCAG 2 Checklist WebAIM Monthly Newsletter Color Contrast Checker Web Accessibility for Designers WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool Contact About RSS Feeds Twitter Copyright & Terms of Use