Best Elementor Addons & Extensions - Master Addons Features Content Elements(60+) Animated Headlines Advanced Accordion Flipbox Progress Bar Progress Bars Group Creative Button Dual Heading Team Member Team Carousel Image Hover Effects Blog Element Restrict Content Table Of Contents Nav Menu Counter UP Content Elements Filterable Image Gallery Infobox Tooltip Tabs Call To Action Business Hours Image Hotspot Pricing Table News Ticker Domain Search Search Element Current Time Count Down timer Changelog Gradient Headline Content Elements Toggle Content Timeline Table Element Blockquote Element Creative Links Image Comparison Header, Footer & Comment Gallery Slider Comparison Table Contact Form Extension Addons Floating Effects Custom CSS Custom Breakpoints Background Slider Rellax Particles Background Gradient Background Reveal Transforms Positioning Tooltips Extension Glassmorphism Extension Live Demo Help Changelogs Community Docs Support Blog Pricing Login Changelogs Master Addons For Elementor Master Addons provides a great variety of widgets & extensions for Elementor. It offers a range of advanced features like dynamic content, floating effect, display conditions and various other elements to help you craft an impressive website that stands out from the competition. Choose your plan Free Download Great Features, Great Support and Fast Fixes When Needed ☆☆☆☆☆ 5/5 I reported some bugs that I was experiencing with this plugin and within a matter of a day or so, they were all fixed and everything was working properly again. Great support experience for me. I would recommend this plugin because of all of the great features it has. We’re Featured on top blogs: Boost your Creativity with 70+ Widgets & Extentions Advanced Accordion Advanced Image Animated Headlines Blog Call to Action Counter Up Creative Button Countdown Timer Creative Links Dual Heading Dynamic Table Flipbox Gallery Slider Gradient Headline Image Comparison Image Hotspot Image Hover Effects Infobox Nav Menu Pricing Table Team Slider Timeline Tabs Toggle Content Mailchimp Progress Bars Restrict Content Team Member Contact Form 7 Tooltip Check All Widgets 50+Creative Elements20+Awesome Extensions40k+Happy Active Users150+Five Star Ratings Clients Speak for Us Master Addons is the best ever Elementor Addons available for free. The main things I liked most is Mega Menu. Now, you can make any menu layout with this. Besides that, all the elements of this Addons is very easy to use. Template Sell is really happy to host the premium version of Master Addons. Sandilya KafleCo-Founder Template Sell Master Addons is the Best Plugin for Elementor. I am new to using Elementor and was searching for a few plugins that added more blocks in Elementor. I downloaded and installed Master Addons and I love the way the blocks look. Not only that they are so easy to use. Thank you for making this plugin! kkwebtechsWordPress.org User When I got the premium version, I had few problems with the Addons tool, the developer was very responsive (less than a day response time just before new year) and he even updated the addons to fix the issue I faced. I like the customer service, not to mention the amazing addons that you can use!! Highly recommended! Essi AlizadehPremium User I highly recommend this Elementor Addons. I just experienced the BEST customer support by the Master Addons team. Super supportive and guided me all along until we resolved the issue through to completion. Looking forward to using the application and highly recommend it to anyone else who wants to purchase this Elementor Addons plugin. Shuja RabbaniWordPress.org User It’s simply amazing, adding some beautiful features to the elementor builder. Your site design isn’t complete without this plugin. I was able to achieve so much wonderful design and customization with it. Just install you’ll love it. hartologyWordPress.org User As a Developer I need independency with Design and Customization Options. Master Addons has Custom CSS for controlling Elements, Sections and Columns which is very much powerful. Also, Rich Template Library, Mega Menu, Transitions, Restrict Contents are the most handy and Unique in features. Collins Agbonghana Co-Founder of Mailoptin and Pprofilepress Professional, diverse layout options simplify the process of building a website for any purpose. Both Free and Premium versions of the plug in offer a decent selection for useful and easy-to-use design capabilities that add to the credibility of any kind of online presence one may be trying to cultivate Useful, easy-to-use design capabilities especially for average users who have not yet mastered advanced technical skills. sunlightscholar WordPress.org User Top Priority Add on for Elementor page builder. I would recommend Master Add ons for Elementor in number one place before suggesting any other plugin. It made my work easy. Thanks developers. Love you kkwebtechsWordPress.org User Previous Next Packed with Powerful Elements Explore the Exclusive Features Header & Footer Builder Level up your website with the Header and Footer builder by Master Addons! Get rid of dull, mundane headers and footers and welcome customized designs that offer an incredible user experience. Elementor Header and Footer Builder makes it incredibly easy to craft engaging, professional-looking headers and footers with its drag-and-drop interface & comprehensive library of pre built templates. Start today and give your website a distinctive visual presence it deserves. Learn More Custom CSS for Elementor Elevate your Elementor designs by utilizing Custom CSS! It enables you to effortlessly customize your website’s look beyond the pre-built choices that are offered by Elementor.Now, you can design a website that aligns perfectly with your company’s unique identity and stands out from everyone else. Put an end to monotonous templates with Custom CSS in Elementor and make the most of your web presence. Start now and experience the advantages for yourself! Learn More Display Conditions Display Conditions add a whole new level of capabilities to the Elementor page builder. You can now create custom conditions for any element on your website, introducing greater flexibility and control when creating content.Our intuitive user interface allows you to customize your website according to various conditions like user roles, device types, browsers, etc. This will enable you to maximize the features of your page builder and take your website to new heights. Learn More Table of Content Say goodbye to complicated TOC plugins and Hello to the Table of Contents for Elementor by Master Addons! Table of Contents Elementor is an ideal element to make your website more user-friendly. It provides easy navigation features that make it easier for readers to quickly find the information they need.This plugin lets you customize the style and design of your content navigation, which is optimized for mobile devices, so it looks great no matter how it’s viewed. Emphasize your website experience with the Table of Contents Elementor Table Of Contents plugin. Learn More Image Hover Effects Make your images pop with amazing hover effects! With image hover effects for Elementor, you can create stunning visuals in no time. Add multiple effects quickly and easily to any image, creating captivating visuals that grab attention and keep your users engaged. Choose from a variety of options to customize each effect and make it fit on your webpage.Elevate the look and feel of your page with image hover effects for Elementor page builder, and make sure that users stick around longer to view all the amazing content you have to offer. Learn More Choose from Template Library Ready Made Landing Pages 24/7 Support We provide 24/7 dedicated support Video Tutorials We provide 24/7 dedicated support Documentation We've rich number of Online Documentation COUPONS Flash Sale Your Elementor Projects Deserve the Best Get Master Addons Now Download for Free Purchase Pro Version Finest Creation by Jewel Theme Twitter Facebook Youtube Wordpress Ready Layouts Ready Pages Ready Sections Ready Footer Ready Header All Widgets Support My Account Documentation Support Request Pre-Sale Question Video Tutorials More Apply for Affiliate Contact Us Terms of Use Refund Policy Privacy Policy Newsletter © 2021 - Master Addons| All rights reserved Login Plugin Installed Email Password Remember Me Lost Password Master Addons Demos Heading Animated Headlines Dual Heading Gradient Headline Image Image Hover Effects Image Hotspot Filterable Image Gallery Image Comparison Gallery Slider Advanced Image Content Advanced Accordion Tabs Toggle Content Team Member Team Slider Infobox Flipbox Blog Timeline Business Hours Pricing Table Restrict Content Dynamic Table Special Elements Call to Action Tooltip Progress Bar Progress Bars Creative Button Creative Links News Ticker Table of Contents Current Time Domain Search Nav Menu Search Blockquote Counter Up Countdown Timer Extensions Particles Animated Gradient BG Reading Progress Bar Background Slider Custom CSS Custom JS Positioning Container Extras Mega Menu Entrance Animation Transforms Rellax Reveal Header,Footer,Comment Display Conditions Dynamic Tags Floating Effects Custom Breakpoints Post/Page Duplicator Wrapper Link Contact Form Contact Form 7 Ninja Form WP Forms Gravity Forms Caldera Forms weForms