Science in the News - Opening the lines of communication between research scientists and the wider community Skip to content Science in the News Opening the lines of communication between research scientists and the wider community Primary Menu Blog Astronomy Biology & Medicine COVID-19 Chemistry Computer Science Environment Physics & Engineering Public Health & Policy Special Edition Alan Turing Artificial Intelligence Biodiversity Chemistry Climate Change Dear Mister President Diversity GMOs and Our Food Infectious Diseases Meet a Scientist Networks Neurotechnology Picture a Scientist Social Justice Space Exploration Stem Cells Sustainable Energy Tomorrow’s Technology Water PodCast Art Images Videos Music and Poetry Featured Artists Recent Info-comics COVID-19 Public Events Seminars Seminar Directions DayCon Science by the Pint SBTP Directions Model Organism Zoo About Us What is SITN? Get Involved! Event Feedback SITN Leadership Press Subscribe Search Search for: SITN Facebook Page SITN Twitter Feed SITN Instagram Page SITN Lectures on YouTube SITN Podcast on SoundCloud Subscribe to the SITN Mailing List SITN Website RSS Feed BlogA Sky Full of Data: Weather forecasting in the age of AI BlogAccess Denied: Opioid Medication-Assisted Treatment and the Urgent Call for Change in Opioid Recovery BlogHow Molecular Motors Harness the Power of Thermodynamic Fluctuations BlogThe Cat’s Out of the Bag! The biological reason why cats can’t get enough of catnip BlogVision you can’t see: How the brain senses the time of day BlogGenerative AI is vulnerable to malware, researchers warn In recent years, generative AI tools have been incorporated in everything from search engines to email assistants – potentially opening the door to cyberattacks. Continue reading Generative AI is vulnerable to malware, researchers warn March 5, 2024March 4, 2024Leave a comment BlogDiscovery of an Earth-size, potentially habitable planet An international team of scientists discovers two potentially habitable planets orbiting a red dwarf star 137 light-years away. Continue reading Discovery of an Earth-size, potentially habitable planet February 29, 2024February 28, 2024Leave a comment BlogLong COVID and Persistent Infections and Future Re-Infections, Oh My! Researchers have discovered that persistent COVID infections may contribute to viral evolution and long COVID. Continue reading Long COVID and Persistent Infections and Future Re-Infections, Oh My! February 27, 2024February 27, 2024Leave a comment BlogNew blood-based markers for dementia risk identified New markers for dementia risk could pave the way for the development of blood-based methods for diagnosing and screening for dementia. This provides an opportunity to identify and diagnose at-risk populations earlier. Continue reading New blood-based markers for dementia risk identified February 22, 2024February 22, 2024Leave a comment BlogMaternal Monkey Metabolism: what can it teach us about human pregnancy? Researchers have gathered data about how metabolism changes in the body during pregnancy and what that might mean for maternal diseases. Continue reading Maternal Monkey Metabolism: what can it teach us about human pregnancy? February 21, 2024February 21, 2024Leave a comment BlogAbsence makes the songbird sing Researchers find female absence is a sufficient general explanation for the longstanding mystery of why male birds chorus at dawn and dusk. Continue reading Absence makes the songbird sing February 17, 2024February 17, 2024Leave a comment BlogPrinting Human Brains – Fact or Fiction? Scientists have developed a method to print brain tissue using commercial 3D printers. This technology could revolutionize our understanding of brain disorders. Continue reading Printing Human Brains – Fact or Fiction? February 15, 2024February 15, 20241 Comment BlogResearchers uncover possible cause for higher frequency of autoimmune diseases in women In a new study, researchers have narrowed in on the biological reason that women have higher rates of autoimmune disease than men: a certain molecule found only in cells with more than one X chromosome. Continue reading Researchers uncover possible cause for higher frequency of autoimmune diseases in women February 8, 2024February 8, 2024Leave a comment BlogSea otters protect coastlines from erosion Once hunted to near extinction, sea otters have returned to California. A new study reveals the key role these critters play in maintaining coastal ecosystems. Continue reading Sea otters protect coastlines from erosion February 6, 2024February 5, 2024Leave a comment BlogPerseverance finds direct evidence of ancient lake bed on Mars Martian rover Perseverance confirms that it’s sitting on an ancient lake bed, an ideal location to look for signs of life. Continue reading Perseverance finds direct evidence of ancient lake bed on Mars February 2, 2024February 2, 20241 Comment Posts navigation Older posts Sidebar Science in the News is a Harvard graduate student organization with a mission to bridge the communication gap between scientists and non-scientists. Want the SITN Blog in your inbox? Subscribe below. Type your email… Subscribe Have a science question for our blog? Ask us! Are you a Boston-area graduate student interested in getting involved with SITN? Join our internal mailing list by emailing sitnboston@gmail.com. Blog SITN Live Podcast Art Gallery Reddit AMAs Seminar Series Harvard University’s Science in the News is supported in part by PrintPlace Nonprofit Sponsorship Program This work by SITNBoston is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. Unless otherwise indicated, attribute to the author or graphics designer and SITNBoston, linking back to this page if possible. Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: Canard by Automattic.