Credly by Pearson Optional Eyebrow Content The Future of White Paper Work The global pandemic of 2020 has changed the workplace as we know it and will likely continue to reverberate through the employment landscape for some time. Learn More Talk to Sales Sign in Solutions Employers Learning and Development Talent Acquisition Workforce Planning Higher Education Product Certification Providers Professional Associations Training Providers By Industry Banking & Finance Healthcare Insurance Retail Products Acclaim Digital Credentialing Workforce Skills Management Professional Services Integrations Other Pearson Products Pearson TalentLens Faethm by Pearson Pearson Skills Accelerator Resources Blog Case Studies Credentialing Mastery Assessment Newsroom ROI Calculator Webinars White Papers & Guides Badge Earners Badge Earner Support Individual Career Growth Support Pricing Talk to Sales Sign in Empower Your Workforce and Unlock Your Organization's True Potential Issue digital badges, gain talent marketplace insights, and use verified skills to make better human capital management decisions on the world’s largest digital credential network. Talk to Sales For Learning & Training Providers Become a part of a searchable network alongside some of the most powerful training, assessment, learning, and certification providers in the world. The network impact allows you to increase discoverability, gain brand champions, amplify your brand, strengthen trust and credibility, and create value for earners. Learn More Workforce Planning The most connected digital credentialing platform ensures you’ll have the most comprehensive insights into the skills your employees have, regardless of where they earned them. With a clear picture of the capabilities your employees have, you can upskill and reskill to prepare for the future. Learn More The Power of the Network Credly is the network of choice where 3,500+certification, assessment, and training providers and employers issue their credentials. Empower earners to connect and grow through a catalog of 90,000+ learnings, including 95% of the top IT certifications. Digital Credentials & Verified Skills Transform the Talent Marketplace Experience an integrated suite of solutions to accelerate your business in the competitive skills-based economy—whether you’re a learning or training provider looking for a trusted digital credentialing platform, or an employer looking to prepare your workforce for the future. Digital Credentials Skip the manual paperwork and automatically issue verified digital badges to recognize all kinds of achievements. Workforce Insights Understand the skills each of your employees brings through the world’s most connected digital credentialing network. Strategic Workforce Planning Uncover skills needed for the future and identify personalized learning paths for every employee in order to bridge the gap. Candidate Assessment Gain reliable and scientifically-proven insights into candidate ability and personality to ensure you’re selecting the best of the best. Digital Credentials Skip the manual paperwork and automatically issue verified digital badges to recognize all kinds of achievements. Workforce Insights Understand the skills each of your employees brings through the world’s most connected digital credentialing network. Strategic Workforce Planning Uncover skills needed for the future and identify personalized learning paths for every employee in order to bridge the gap. Candidate Assessment Gain reliable and scientifically-proven insights into candidate ability and personality to ensure you’re selecting the best of the best. The stats The Numbers Don’t Lie 81 M + Credentials earned and managed 650 k + Digital credentials shared every month 76 NPS (Net Promoter Score) surpasses industry averages Industry-Leading Technology From robust metadata, sophisticated workforce forecasting AI, and intelligent candidate sourcing algorithms, you’ll be prepared to build a workforce fit for the future. Unmatched Customer Support Gain access to a dedicated support team with world-class digital credentialing expertise and certifications in customer success—bringing you guidance and best practices to every implementation. Enterprise Class Security Bring verified skills data and predictive AI to human capital decision points where it’s needed most. And, rely on our enterprise-class hosting, disaster recovery, and data security so you can focus on your business needs. “How have we suddenly generated so much dramatic increase in the visibility of our program? It’s all been driven by badging through Credly’s Acclaim platform.” Kevin Streater, Vice President ForgeRock University Featured Resources Case Study PVH: Creating a Culture of Learning Digital credentials translate training into career success for earners, driving demand and... Read More White Paper Empowering the Tech Workforce of the Future: A Guide for Identifying, Mapping, and Bridging the Skills Gap Relying on verifiable skills and credentials is the most accurate and scalable way to... Learn More Case Study Johnson Controls: Building Brand Confidence Attract, engage, and retain talent effectively with verified digital credentials. Make... Read More Ready to get started? Talk to Sales Credly by Pearson hosts the largest and most-connected digital credential network. We help the world speak a common language of verified knowledge, skills, and abilities. Learn more About Us Support Careers Legal For Developers Data Security Center Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information Other Solutions Pearson TalentLens Faethm by Pearson Pearson Skills Accelerator Pearson Workforce Skills © Copyright 2024 - Credly Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies