Home | National Affairs Asset 9 Asset 10 number 58 • Winter 2024 search-ico Login Subscribe or Renew featured A Flexible Worker Agenda C. Jarrett Dieterle American workers increasingly value flexibility and control over where and when they work, and are willing to leave jobs they consider too rigid. But the national political conversation around labor policy remains stuck in the past. The left tries to fit the square peg of 20th-century labor policies into the round hole of a 21st-century economy, and the right can't decide if it should side with workers or employers. The fact is that no such choice is necessary: By embracing a flexible worker agenda, conservatives can empower individual workers and entrepreneurial businesses without having to abandon their traditional deregulatory, pro-growth instincts. subscribe The Mobile Edition. Simply readable. DOWNLOAD daily findings by kevin lewis March 04, 2024 Patient Disposition March 03, 2024 Price Discrimination March 02, 2024 Tribal History VIEW Current Issue The Constitution of Academic Liberty Niall Ferguson Amid the profound deformations afflicting the American academy, the case for founding a new and different kind of university is clear. But how can the founders of a new university build an institution that is not only insulated from the all too familiar problems of the present, but also fortified against the (as yet unknown) problems of the future? The Accountability Challenge Chester E. Finn, Jr. American elementary and secondary education remains unwell. Student achievement is lagging, learning gaps are wider than ever, too many graduates are unready for college or work, and chronic absenteeism has become a plague. But there is an even deeper cause for worry: The country’s multi-decade commitment to results-based accountability for schools and students has eroded and may not be recoverable. A Way Forward on Housing Richard D. Kahlenberg Housing presents the country with a massive policy problem, but it may also offer a bipartisan political opportunity. To capitalize on it, reform advocates would benefit from a greater understanding of the forces endorsing change within each party, the sources of resistance on both the left and the right, and the recent successes of reformers in several states and localities. Physician Burnout Aaron Rothstein American doctors increasingly exhibit the signs of dangerous burnout. In recent surveys, more than a fifth reported planning to exit their practices within the next two years and only a tenth would recommend their profession as a career. It is crucial to identify the causes of physician burnout and attenuate them before medicine loses its honor, its reputation, and its soul. The Invisible American Founding Dan Currell & Elle Rogers The textbooks most commonly used in high-school history classes are badly deficient. These books, which shape the rising generation's perception of the country they are inheriting, often leave out the core ideas that defined the American founding and the nation's ideals. To recover America's sense of itself, it's crucial to teach high-school students the connection between ideas and events. Getting Deference Right Ronald A. Cass The doctrine of judicial deference to unelected administrators has defined the state of the separation of powers in our constitutional system for two generations. It is essential now to reconsider its assumptions and aims, so that judges, policymakers, and citizens can properly consider who should be in charge of the powers government wields and the functions it performs. The Limits of Precedent John Yoo & Robert Delahunty In the effort to revive the original meaning of the Constitution, the question of whether to abide by judicial precedents has become a critical one. After all, there are times when precedent directly conflicts with the original meaning of the text. In those cases, should an originalist judge respect the Court's past decisions or jettison precedent in favor of the Constitution's text? How to Think about Voting Bryan T. McGraw & Timothy W. Taylor Voting should be straightforward: Figure out which candidate or party best fits one's political views or interests, and vote accordingly. But the last few elections have shown many Americans that it's not nearly that simple. We could benefit from a new framework for thinking about voting, and not just for elections in which we find ourselves especially bewildered. The Case Against Nationalism Alex Nowrasteh & Ilya Somin Nationalism has become a dominant ideology on the American political right and has gained ground in many European countries over the last decade. But this has happened without sufficient attention to the character of nationalism and to the dangers inherent in it — dangers evident both in theory and in practice in this latest iteration of nationalism as well as prior ones. Taming the Modern Dennis Hale & Marc Landy Critics of the Constitution have long dismissed it as a relic — an 18th-century document attempting to govern a modern state. But this view is based on a misreading of history. In many ways, 18th-century America was already a modern state, and the Constitution represented the first effort to reconcile the problems of modernity with the creation of a free government. The Arrival of Post-industrial Society M. Anthony Mills Daniel Bell’s 1973 book, The Coming of Post-Industrial Society, argued that labor and manufacturing were being displaced by knowledge and services. It's an idea so familiar that it has come to seem hackneyed. But the era in which Bell wrote was oddly similar to our own, and it is time to give the book another serious look. Recovering the Republican Sensibility Andy Smarick The generation of the American founders constantly spoke of republicanism. Rooted in the ancient world and renewed during the Renaissance and the Enlightenment, the republican ideal was key to how they understood their project. But we now barely know what the term means. If we understood it better, we would see how valuable a renewal of republicanism could be now. Media February 18, 2024 How to Think about Voting in 2024 The National Affairs Podcast, Episode 50: On voting as a moral act. December 10, 2023 The Uniquely American Classical-Education Movement The National Affairs Podcast, Episode 49: On educating an aristocracy of anyone. VIEW advertisement Archives subscribe & access Every issue, every article, every year. Unlimited access to National Affairs online archive PDF downloads of past issues Support the work of a respected nonprofit journal Subscribe Learn More Spring 2018 How to Think about Patriotism Wilfred M. McClay Patriotism in the American context has always involved both a devotion to an intricate latticework of ideals, sentiments, and overlapping loyalties, and also a commitment to our unique traditions, culture, history, people, and land. These two types of American patriotism are undeniably in tension, but the tension has been a healthy one throughout our history. Since its founding, our nation's universal ideals have meshed with, and derived strength from, Americans' local and particular sentiments. the public interest Summer 1972 Up and down with ecology—the "issue-attention cycle" Anthony Downs The Public Interest was a quarterly public policy journal founded by Irving Kristol and Daniel Bell in 1965. Throughout its four decades of publication, ending in 2005, it offered incomparable insight and wisdom on a vast range of challenges at the intersection of public affairs, culture, and political economy—helping America better understand and govern itself in a tumultuous time. National Affairs now hosts its archives, free of charge. View Spring 2016 Putting Regulators on a Budget Jeff Rosen The spending undertaken by federal appropriators — just like private businesses and households — is restrained by a budget. But federal regulators face no such constraints. They can impose costs on the economy without limit, as long as they can somehow claim sufficient benefits connected to their rules. It is time for Congress to establish a regulatory budget to contain the cost of our administrative state. Summer 2013 Religion and the American Republic George F. Will America has generally marked out a division of labor between the institutions of politics and those of civil society, including and especially those of religion. It is as the foremost of our civil-society institutions that religious organizations play a crucial role in sustaining our distinctive system of government — as shapers of citizens, and as limiting counterparts to the state. That is why citizens concerned for our tradition of limited, constitutional government should be friendly to the cause of American religion — even if they are not believers themselves. Summer 2018 The First American Founder James W. Ceaser Americans revere the nation's founders, and it seems perfectly natural that we should. But we are never quite clear about exactly who counts as a founder, and exactly for what. Our country had more than one beginning, and has several uses for its several foundings. In fact, the idea of a national founding needed to be introduced into our political vocabulary and developed into the core of our self-understanding. The concept of the American founding itself had a founder. Browse the archives Insight from the Archives A weekly newsletter with free essays from past issues of National Affairs and The Public Interest that shed light on the week's pressing issues. to think a little more clearly. Asset 9 Current Issue Archives Policy Books Media About Us Subscribe Donate Contact Copyright © 2024 National Affairs, Inc. and the American Enterprise Institute A site by Beck & Stone. Sign-in to your National Affairs subscriber account. Forgot password? | MANAGE MY ACCOUNT Already a subscriber? Activate your account. subscribe Unlimited access to intelligent essays on the nation’s affairs. SUBSCRIBE × Current Issue Archives Policy Books Media About Us Subscribe Donate Contact Log In Sign Up