Human Rights Watch | Defending Human Rights Worldwide Skip to cookie privacy notice Skip to main content Defend rights. Secure justice. Donate now to support human rights worldwide. I want to help Human rights abuses are happening right now – start a monthly gift today. Human Rights Watch العربية 简中 繁中 English Français Deutsch 日本語 Русский Português Español More languages Search Donate Now Search Countries Topics Reports Videos & Photos Impact Take Action About Join Us Give Now Trending // Sudan India Israel/Palestine Russia-Ukraine War Tigray Conflict العربية 简中 繁中 English Français Deutsch 日本語 Русский Português Español More languages Would you like to read this page in another language? Yes No, don't ask again ✕ Close Human Rights Watch | Defending Human Rights Worldwide March 5, 2024 Egypt: New Laws Entrench Military Power Over Civilians The Egyptian authorities in early February 2024 issued new legislation that will entrench and widen the already-broad powers of the military over civilian life in a manner that undermines rights. Middle East/North Africa March 3, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unregistered Marriages Harm Women and Children Africa March 4, 2024 Dispatches Ethiopia’s Deepening Crackdown on Dissent Laetitia Bader Director, Horn of Africa Middle East/North Africa March 4, 2024 Report Yemen: Warring Parties Restrict Women’s Movement Latest News See more News March 5, 2024 News Release Ghana: President Should Veto Anti-LGBT Bill March 4, 2024 Commentary On Human Rights, ASEAN Is Woefully Inadequate and Impotent Published In The Canberra Times March 4, 2024 News Release Mali: Security Force Whistleblower Arrested March 4, 2024 Dispatches US States Should Ensure Indigenous Voting Rights March 4, 2024 Commentary Russian Human Rights Defender Pays with His Freedom for Speaking the Truth Published In The Hill March 4, 2024 Dispatches Proposed EU Forced Labor Regulation Should Focus on Workers March 4, 2024 News Release Türkiye: Big Tech Should Protect Online Expression, Resist Censorship March 2, 2024 News Release Australia: Youth Thought Dead May Be Held in Northeast Syria March 1, 2024 Dispatches Thousands Flee New Violence in Northern Mozambique March 1, 2024 News Release Chad: Prominent Opposition Leader Killed March 1, 2024 Dispatches EU, Denmark Failing Imprisoned Danish-Bahraini Activist and His Daughter February 29, 2024 News Release India: Protect Farmers’ Right to Peaceful Protest February 29, 2024 Commentary Georgia’s Minimum Wage is Stuck in the 90s Published In OC Media Get Our Daily Brief by Email Sign up here Daily Brief Mar 4, 2024 Women Restricted by All Sides in Yemen; Quick Takes: Iraq; Mozambique; Ukraine; Readers’ Recommendations; Please Support Our Work! Israel-Palestine Crisis Read our latest coverage of the ongoing crisis in Israel and Palestine. Find it here Donate now to support human rights around the world Give Monthly Make a One-time Gift Videos Watch more Videos Play Video Read a text description of this video VAAGN MNATSAKANIAN: “In the first days of the war, we had no idea that such a tragedy could take place.” TETIANA BURAK: “That’s why a lot of people didn’t evacuate.” MYKHAILO PURYSHEV, MARIUPOL RESIDENT AND HUMANITARIAN VOLUNTEER: “With the onset of the war, everyone’s life changed. Everything changed.” VOICE IN VIDEO: “Stay back!” This is the story of Russia’s assault on Mariupol. A strategic port city in southeastern Ukraine. These are the interviews, videos, photos, and 3D models that Human Rights Watch, SITU Research, and Truth Hounds used to reconstruct the struggles residents faced as Russian forces took over the city. This is Mariupol after Russian forces occupied the city. Russia’s full-scale military invasion of Ukraine began on February 24, 2022, as its forces attacked Ukrainian positions defending Mariupol. The city was pounded by explosive weapons for weeks. Much of Mariupol was seriously damaged in the Russian assault. Human Rights Watch and SITU Research conducted a detailed damage assessment of the destruction. While satellite imagery shows damage to rooftops, our modeling reveals more. We used over 850 videos and photos of buildings that we found online and verified, in addition to satellite imagery, to capture the extent of the devastation in the city center. Buildings with damage are seen here in red. Our analysis shows that 93% of the 477 high-rise apartment buildings in this area were damaged. Some of this imagery could help prove war crimes. Our focus was Mariupol’s main avenue, Myru or “Peace” Avenue, and the immediate surrounding area, the city center, which includes cultural hubs, hospitals, schools, and universities. And this is Mariupol before. DMYTRO KULYK: “It’s [was] a town with about half a million inhabitants.” HALYNA MOROKHOVSKA: “Recently, it had blossomed. We had new parks. The city center was well-developed.” NATALIIA TKACHENKO: “In general, the city was becoming modern and vibrant. For Russian forces, Mariupol was a strategic prize. It would give them control of one of Ukraine’s largest ports and a land corridor between occupied Crimea to the west and areas Russia had been controlling in Donbas, to the northeast. As the attack on the city began, tens of thousands of civilians huddled in shelters and basements to escape Russian bombing and shelling. Many people we spoke to relocated to the city center, which they believed to be safe. DENYS SHEVTSOV: “Most people moved in all directions. To a bomb shelter, to a basement. Some stayed in their apartments. But we believe it isn’t safe to stay in the apartment... We are in the basement now. This is our makeshift bomb shelter. These are the conditions we live in. About 40 people live here with us, about 15 children.” DENYS SHEVTSOV: “This morning, our yard was heavily shelled. Basically, all the cars were destroyed, and the windows.” Russian forces used a variety of explosive weapons in Mariupol including aerial bombs and ground-launched artillery, such as projectiles and rockets. The use of these weapons in populated areas is the greatest threat to civilians in contemporary armed conflicts and heightens the risk of unlawfully indiscriminate attacks. HALYNA MOROKHOVSKA: “An aerial bomb hit the dormitory. My face was torn up. I had cuts everywhere. My arm, chest, stomach, legs.” VOICE IN VIDEO: “It’s coming from that side.” VOICE #2 IN VIDEO: Come into the entryway... DMYTRO KULYK: “Dead bodies became an ordinary sight for me. We were told that seven people died that one day. Two children and five adults. Under the laws of war, parties have an obligation to do everything feasible to minimize harm to civilians. These are the maternity and pediatric units of a hospital that Russian forces bombed on March 9. At least three people were killed, including a pregnant woman and her baby, who was stillborn after the attack. Seventeen people were injured. In this case, witnesses told us that there were no Ukrainian military personnel, vehicles, or installations close by at the time. A deliberate strike on a hospital not being used to carry out attacks harmful to the enemy, is a war crime. Humanitarian volunteer Mykhailo Puryshev was about 400 meters from the hospital by Pryazovskysi State Technical University. MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: “Everyone is very, very afraid. Everyone is very afraid. You hear that, don’t you? The rumbling. It’s Mariupol... “ MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: “I heard an airplane approaching… And I shouted “Airplanes!” and we all ran... “ MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: Fucking hell! Go down! MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: “When I went outside, I saw the full horror of what had happened.” VOICE IN VIDEO: “Was it a mine?” MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: “No, an airstrike most likely.” VOICE IN VIDEO: “Grandma...” MYKHAILO PURYSHEV: “Drag her, drag her!” At least two people were killed on the spot. Witnesses said there were no military targets at the university. An attack that is not directed at a specific military objective is a laws-of-war violation and a possible war crime. Numerous images posted on social media and given to us by witnesses helped us assess the damage to parts of the university campus. The fighting damaged vital infrastructure, knocking out the city’s electricity grid, which in turn cut essential services. DENYS SHEVTSOV: “So, we’re left without gas, without water, without power. We are absolutely isolated from civilization. No internet, no updates. Nothing.” DMYTRO KULYK: ‘’If you want to wash your hands, this is the only way. So we pick up snow, put it in a bucket. Then we put the bucket on an open fire and boil the water.” DENYS SHEVTSOV: “Here is our field stove. We live like in the Stone Age in caves. This is what I call really living it up during the war. Bacon, pasta. And shells are flying overhead. As long as they don’t make barbecue out of us.” DENYS SHEVTSOV: “The city was destroyed. And every day, the city was getting destroyed more and more.” DMYTRO KULYK: “I am telling you, day after day, these explosions became more frequent. Every day, they got louder and more hellish.” We used satellite imagery, photos, and videos to track damage across Mariupol. We found 86 out of 89 schools and universities were damaged, and all the city’s 19 hospital campuses. The damage to these facilities devastated health care and education across the city. VAAGN MNATSAKANIAN: “Every day we thought about when we could leave. But we realized that the city was completely closed off and there was no way to leave.” In the first two weeks of March, multiple attempts to provide safe passage out of the city failed in the face of Russian obstruction. Arbitrary restrictions on the evacuation of civilians or the delivery of aid would amount to a violation of the laws of war and possible war crimes. In early March, hundreds of people had gathered at the Donetsk Academic Regional Drama Theater, for shelter and in the hope of getting safe passage out of Mariupol. Nataliia Tkachenko arrived on March 12 after an attack destroyed her home. NATALIIA TKACHENKO: “They gave us a bit of food. A soup in the afternoon, a cup of boiled water in the morning and evening. It was something. At home there was no water, no food, nothing. It was dark, there was no electricity. It was impossible to use the toilets. There was no water. Nobody was cleaning them. It was a nightmare. No one was walking around the theater. Only kids were running around because kids will be kids. They were playing and laughing.” At least 500 people were sheltering at the theater on March 16. Giant Cyrillic letters spelling “children” were painted on the ground in front and at the back of the theater. These words were clearly visible on satellite imagery. Nataliia was bringing water inside, by the main entrance. NATALIIA TKACHENKO: “And at that moment, the bomb struck. The shockwave hit us. Everything was flying around. Cement got in my mouth, eyes, everywhere. Shards of wood and glass. I couldn’t hear anything except the humming, the cracking.” Satellite imagery, videos, and photographs of the theater show that the central part of the roof and the northern and southern walls were destroyed. At least 15 people were killed and the total number has not been determined. Given the absence of a military target at the theater, it appears that Russian forces deliberately attacked civilians, which would amount to a war crime. Those responsible for war crimes in Mariupol should be held to account. By reviewing official Russian government statements, social media posts, and obituaries of Russian soldiers, we identified 17 military units that took part in the 2022 siege of Mariupol. Considering the extent of the military operation, the highest levels of Russian command likely knew the situation in the city and were involved in the planning, execution, and coordination of the actions of the Russian and Russia-affiliated forces. Those responsible for the conduct of Russian forces during the siege of Mariupol include President Vladimir Putin, the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Minister of Defense Sergei Shoigu, and Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces, Valery Gerasimov, among others. As the battle for the city raged, food and other basic supplies ran low. VOICE IN VIDEO: Wait. Step back a little. MIKHAILO PURYSHEV: You may crush others! Please! MIKHAILO PURYSHEV: “The worst problem was probably not with food or heat, but with medication. And people were just dying because there was none. The people who suffered the most were older people and children.” Thousands were killed in attacks. Others died from health complications due to lack of medicine and clean water. MIKHAILO PURYSHEV: “Mariupol is a big, big, big, big cemetery. There were a lot of people left under the rubble. So it remains to be seen how many people died there.” TETIANA BURAK: “We were horrified at what we saw because there were burnt multi-story houses and bodies in the streets.” HALYNA MOROKHOVSKA: “It was impossible to count them because people were buried under the debris, on the roads.” Many were buried in a makeshift trench grave in the Old City Cemetery. VAAGN MNATSAKANIAN: “We filled one trench [with bodies] completely. There were about 200 bodies.” These bodies from the trench grave and many other makeshift graves across the city were exhumed and reburied in the city's cemeteries when Russian forces took over. We estimated the minimum number of people killed by fighting or who died of poor conditions. To do so, we counted graves in two types of burial sites. In some cases, we counted individual graves visible in high resolution satellite imagery. We also estimated the number of bodies buried in trench-type graves. We verified footage at two cemeteries which allowed us to count the plaques, sticks with a small wooden panel, in a given area. We then used this sample size to extrapolate to other parts of the cemeteries. In five cemeteries in and around Mariupol between March 2022 and February 2023, we estimated at least 10,284 new burials. We do not know how many of these people were civilians. Considering average annual death rates in Mariupol, we calculated more than 8,000 people would not have died were it not for the attack on the city. This is likely a significant underestimation of the total number of dead, as many graves contained multiple bodies and the remains of others were likely buried in the rubble and taken away during demolition efforts. With the city still under Russian occupation and much of the physical evidence destroyed, the full death toll may never be known. DENYS SHEVSTOV: “Look around. What is going on, what’s happening in our Mariupol. It’s completely destroyed. Completely gone, just disappeared. Just nothing. Just ruins.” With attacks by Russian forces continuing, tens of thousands of residents found their way out of the city at great personal risk beginning in mid-March. DENYS SHEVSTOV: “We were hoping war suddenly will stop and finally we realized this is not going to happen, we decided to run away. We hope we will be fine but overall, it’s been horrible, just horrible.” By mid May 2022, Russian forces had full control of the city. The bombs might have stopped now but the city’s tragedy is far from over. The psychological effects of the fighting, displacement, and the losses that Mariupol’s residents experienced will reverberate for years to come. DMYTRO KULYK: “Mariupol is a city that has become hell.” TETIANA BURAK: “People should know what is happening.” VAAGN MNATSAKANIAN: “We realized that no matter how much we want our pre-war life, our city, our friends, our loved ones, our apartments, we won’t get them back” This footage is from October 2022. Since occupying the city, Russian forces are demolishing buildings and constructing new ones. Russia is also replacing Ukrainian culture with its own. For justice to be done, the survivors of Mariupol need reparations for their losses. The loss of their homes, their loved ones, their livelihoods, and the impact on their mental health. Russian officials and military commanders credibly implicated in war crimes committed in the city need to be brought to justice. NATALIIA TKACHENKO: “When I got to Ukrainian territory, my first words were, “These people should be punished!”” END Play Video Read a text description of this video VOICEOVER: Do you have a car? If so, then parts of your car could be made with forced labor from China. Let's explain how. The first thing you need to know is that factories in China make the most cars in the world. Major brands such as General Motors, Tesla, BYD, Toyota, and Volkswagen manufacture and sell cars in China. Factories in China are also increasingly exporting cars and car parts to global markets. So where does the forced labor come in? Well, almost 10 percent of the world’s aluminum, a key material for car making, is produced in the Xinjiang region of China. Xinjiang is home to the Uyghurs, a predominantly Muslim Turkic ethnic group whose culture and language are different from China’s majority Han population. The Chinese government has long repressed Uyghurs and in recent years committed crimes against humanity in Xinjiang. The government’s abuses include: An estimated one million arbitrary detentions. an intrusive mass surveillance system (and) cultural and religious persecution The Chinese government has also subjected Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslim communities to forced labor, both in detention centers and through labor transfer programs. Labor transfers relocate Uyghurs from their homes in rural areas to urban areas to work in factories. Teams of government officials go door-to-door to identify candidates for transfers. Human Rights Watch and other organizations analyzed hundreds of Chinese government and company documents available online, and found links between Xinjiang’s aluminum producers and labor transfers. Uyghurs fear detention or other sanctions if they refuse the transfers, so there’s little choice but to accept the jobs and relocate. Labor transfer workers frequently face ideological indoctrination and limits on their freedom of movement. So how could aluminum produced by forced labor end up in your car? Aluminum from Xinjiang is exported to other regions of China, where it is melted down again, enabling it to enter global supply chains undetected. And maybe into the car that you use. Car companies are aware of the Chinese government’s repression of Uyghurs and the risk of forced labor in their supply chain. But some carmakers have succumbed to Chinese government pressure to apply weaker human rights and responsible sourcing standards in their operations in China. Consumers should not have to buy or drive vehicles with links to grave abuses in Xinjiang. So, what can be done? When looking to buy a new car, consumers should ask manufacturers how they protect against links to human rights abuses, including forced labor in Xinjiang. Car companies should require their suppliers, in China and elsewhere, to prove the source of raw materials and show they are free from human rights violations. Countries should require companies to disclose their supply chains and prohibit the import of products containing parts or materials produced by forced labor. The cars we drive shouldn’t be made with forced labor. Play Video The Devastation of Mariupol, Ukraine China: Carmakers Implicated in Uyghur Forced Labor Louisiana's "Cancer Alley": A Fossil Fuel Sacrifice Zone Reports More reports March 4, 2024 Report Yemen: Warring Parties Restrict Women’s Movement Movement Barriers Violate Political, Social, Economic Rights March 3, 2024 Report “My Marriage was Mistake after Mistake” The Impact of Unregistered Marriages on Women’s and Children’s Rights in Iraq February 29, 2024 Report “Everything is by the Power of the Weapon” Abuses and Impunity in Turkish-Occupied Northern Syria February 28, 2024 Report Carbon Offsetting’s Casualties Violations of Chong Indigenous People’s Rights in Cambodia’s Southern Cardamom REDD+ Project Most Viewed March 4, 2024 Dispatches Ethiopia’s Deepening Crackdown on Dissent June 24, 2022 Q & A Q&A: Access to Abortion is a Human Right March 4, 2024 News Release Mali: Security Force Whistleblower Arrested June 21, 2017 News Release Philippines: LGBT Students Face Bullying, Abuse February 26, 2024 News Release Israel Not Complying with World Court Order in Genocide Case News By Region By Topic Africa Africa March 5, 2024 News Release Ghana: President Should Veto Anti-LGBT Bill March 4, 2024 Dispatches Ethiopia’s Deepening Crackdown on Dissent March 4, 2024 News Release Mali: Security Force Whistleblower Arrested Americas Americas February 13, 2024 Dispatches Fire Deaths in Peruvian Mine Demonstrates the Failings of Sustainability Certification Juliane Kippenberg Associate Director, Children's Rights Division January 25, 2024 Dispatches Another Canadian Province to End Immigration Detention in its Jails January 24, 2024 Commentary The Way Forward on this International Education Day Published In Diario Libre Asia Asia March 4, 2024 Commentary On Human Rights, ASEAN Is Woefully Inadequate and Impotent Elaine Pearson Asia Director Published in: The Canberra Times February 29, 2024 News Release India: Protect Farmers’ Right to Peaceful Protest February 29, 2024 Dispatches Xinjiang Abuses Show Need for Robust EU Forced Labor Law Europe/Central Asia Europe/Central Asia March 4, 2024 Commentary Russian Human Rights Defender Pays with His Freedom for Speaking the Truth Tanya Lokshina Associate Director, Europe and Central Asia Division Published in: The Hill March 4, 2024 News Release Türkiye: Big Tech Should Protect Online Expression, Resist Censorship March 1, 2024 Dispatches EU, Denmark Failing Imprisoned Danish-Bahraini Activist and His Daughter Middle East/North Africa Middle East/North Africa March 5, 2024 News Release Egypt: New Laws Entrench Military Power Over Civilians March 4, 2024 Report Yemen: Warring Parties Restrict Women’s Movement March 3, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unregistered Marriages Harm Women and Children United States United States March 4, 2024 Dispatches US States Should Ensure Indigenous Voting Rights Abbey Koenning-Rutherford Aryeh Neier Fellow March 1, 2024 Letter Rights Groups Urge President Biden and DHS for Collection of Race Data February 21, 2024 Commentary The US is Failing Yemenis Published In The Hill Arms Russia February 8, 2024 News Release Ukraine: New Findings on Russia’s Devastation of Mariupol February 7, 2024 Letter Open Letter: Civil Society Coalition Urges Canada to Stop Arms Transfers to Israel January 25, 2024 Report Burkina Faso: Drone Strikes on Civilians Apparent War Crimes Children's Rights Middle East/North Africa March 3, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unregistered Marriages Harm Women and Children March 2, 2024 News Release Australia: Youth Thought Dead May Be Held in Northeast Syria February 22, 2024 Dispatches UN Scrutinizes Indonesia’s Record on Socio-Economic Rights Crisis and Conflict Middle East/North Africa March 4, 2024 Report Yemen: Warring Parties Restrict Women’s Movement March 2, 2024 News Release Australia: Youth Thought Dead May Be Held in Northeast Syria February 29, 2024 News Release Syria: Abuses, Impunity in Turkish-Occupied Territories Disability Rights Asia February 22, 2024 Dispatches UN Scrutinizes Indonesia’s Record on Socio-Economic Rights Phil Robertson Deputy Director, Asia Division January 28, 2024 News Release India: End Lifelong Warehousing of People with Disabilities January 25, 2024 Dispatches Another Canadian Province to End Immigration Detention in its Jails Economic Justice and Rights European Union March 4, 2024 Dispatches Proposed EU Forced Labor Regulation Should Focus on Workers Aruna Kashyap Associate Director on Corporate Accountability February 29, 2024 Dispatches Xinjiang Abuses Show Need for Robust EU Forced Labor Law February 26, 2024 Commentary Egypt’s Al-Sisi Has Caged Himself In Published In Foreign Policy in Focus Environment and Human Rights Cambodia February 28, 2024 News Release Cambodia: Carbon Offsetting Project Violates Indigenous Group’s Rights February 22, 2024 News Release Panama: Key Services Lacking at Climate Relocation Site February 15, 2024 Dispatches Confronting the Climate Crisis Can Also Advance Socio-Economic Rights Free Speech Europe/Central Asia March 4, 2024 Commentary Russian Human Rights Defender Pays with His Freedom for Speaking the Truth Tanya Lokshina Associate Director, Europe and Central Asia Division Published in: The Hill March 4, 2024 News Release Türkiye: Big Tech Should Protect Online Expression, Resist Censorship February 26, 2024 News Release Russia: Sham Trial of Human Rights Leader Draws to a Close Health Africa February 13, 2024 News Release Mozambique: Pregnant Students, Adolescent Mothers Leave School February 12, 2024 News Release Afghanistan: Aid Cutbacks, Taliban Abuses Imperil Health January 18, 2024 Dispatches US Lawmakers Should Protect Vaccination Mandates, Sex Ed in Schools LGBT Rights Africa March 5, 2024 News Release Ghana: President Should Veto Anti-LGBT Bill February 15, 2024 News Release Nepal: Barriers to Transgender Legal Recognition February 15, 2024 News Release Russia: First Convictions Under LGBT ‘Extremist’ Ruling Refugees and Migrants Middle East/North Africa February 29, 2024 News Release Saudi Arabia: Migrant Workers’ Long Overdue Wages at Risk February 8, 2024 Dispatches Japan Court Finds Rohingya Ethnicity Grounds for Refugee Status February 5, 2024 Commentary On the River, a Willful Disregard for Human Life and Safety Published In Austin American-Statesmen Rights of Older People Africa February 1, 2024 Commentary Why a Basic Income Grant Would Benefit Everyone Bridget Sleap Senior Researcher, Rights of Older People Published in: Mail & Guardian December 10, 2023 Dispatches 75 Years since Universal Declaration, UN Still Failing Older People November 10, 2023 Dispatches Older People Not Spared in Hostilities in Israel/Palestine International Justice Middle East/North Africa February 26, 2024 News Release Israel Not Complying with World Court Order in Genocide Case February 22, 2024 Commentary Impartial International Justice Mechanisms—Together with International Support—Needed for Accountability for Crimes in Israel–Palestine Conflict Published In ICC Forum as an invited expert opinion for the Israel and Hamas question February 16, 2024 News Release World Court to Review 57-Year Israeli Occupation Technology and Rights Europe/Central Asia March 4, 2024 News Release Türkiye: Big Tech Should Protect Online Expression, Resist Censorship February 1, 2024 News Release Spyware Targets Human Rights Watch Staff in Jordan January 30, 2024 Commentary US Company Must Stop Supplying China’s Regime with DNA Surveillance Tech Published In The Hill Terrorism / Counterterrorism Australia March 2, 2024 News Release Australia: Youth Thought Dead May Be Held in Northeast Syria February 29, 2024 News Release Syria: Abuses, Impunity in Turkish-Occupied Territories January 24, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unlawful Mass Executions Resume Torture Türkiye February 29, 2024 News Release Syria: Abuses, Impunity in Turkish-Occupied Territories January 24, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unlawful Mass Executions Resume January 23, 2024 News Release Iran: 2 Detainees Executed, 11 Await Imminent Execution United Nations Asia February 22, 2024 Dispatches UN Scrutinizes Indonesia’s Record on Socio-Economic Rights Phil Robertson Deputy Director, Asia Division February 13, 2024 Dispatches UN’s Financial Troubles Jeopardize Critical Human Rights Work February 12, 2024 Commentary UNRWA’s Demise Would Be Catastrophic for Gaza Published In The Nation Women's Rights Middle East/North Africa March 4, 2024 Report Yemen: Warring Parties Restrict Women’s Movement March 3, 2024 News Release Iraq: Unregistered Marriages Harm Women and Children February 28, 2024 News Release Indonesia: End Hijab-Linked Bullying in Schools Protecting Rights, Saving Lives Human Rights Watch defends the rights of people in close to 100 countries worldwide, spotlighting abuses and bringing perpetrators to justice Donate Now Get Updates On Rights Issues Worldwide Leave blank Leave blank Leave blank Sign Up Get Daily Updates On Rights Issues Worldwide Leave blank Leave blank Leave blank Sign Up Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn TikTok Footer menuContact UsCorrectionsPrivacy PolicyPermissionsSite MapChild Safeguarding Text Version © 2024 Human Rights Watch Human Rights Watch | 350 Fifth Avenue, 34th Floor | New York, NY 10118-3299 USA | t 1.212.290.4700 Human Rights Watch is a 501(C)(3) nonprofit registered in the US under EIN: 13-2875808 Human Rights Watch