The Wayfinder - Hugh C. Howey - Bestselling Author AboutBooksBlogNewsContactHome Tumblr Instagram Facebook YouTube January 11, 2024 6 COMMENTS Attention is a Muscle Most moments slip by, barely noticed. Our bodies are not optimized for constant delight; they are built for survival. And the more comfortable we get — the more we fall into routine — the more our bodies and minds are able to relax and go into auto. This is why the first time you drive… Read more December 18, 2023 2 COMMENTS Beacon 23 Season 2! Lots of reporting this weekend about another season of Beacon 23! The first season is wrapped, and MGM+ has released a teaser for what’s in store for next year. The Hollywood Reporter TV Line Also happy to report that SILO is filming again on season 2, so working to get you more of both shows… Read more December 11, 2023 15 COMMENTS Book Signing Live! Shay and I will be signing the rest of your orders and shipping them out this week! Come join us on Thursday around 8pm EST. We’ll be in our jammies with hot chocolate listening to holiday tunes. Happy to answer questions and chat while I scribble in your books. The above video should go live… Read more December 8, 2023 11 COMMENTS Signed Books for a Limited Time! The “too long, didn’t watch all your YouTube video” version (TLDWAYYV): I have a very limited number of books lying about, and so Shay created a website to sell these to you all! These are for the collector / gift-giver and are priced due to rarity (first printings, first editions, out-of-print editions, etc.) Shipping within… Read more November 21, 2023 15 COMMENTS A Common Misunderstanding I recently attended an interview with the great filmmaker and writer Werner Herzog over at Pioneer Works in Brooklyn. It was a wide-ranging discussion full of insights and laughs, with Werner being his usual charming and quirky self. But he said one thing that I disagree with, something that I’ve heard several times before. He… Read more November 21, 2023 6 COMMENTS Limits of Knowledge Many of the fears about what AI might do in the future come from curves like this: And curves like this: But there’s an assumption in these curves that don’t follow from any observation, and that’s the assumption that knowledge and speed have no upward bound. The arrow points almost straight up, as if a… Read more October 18, 2023 4 COMMENTS Beacon 23 is Spinning Up! Two episodes dropping in just a few weeks! https://screenrant.com/beacon-23-show-trailer-lena-headey/ https://collider.com/beacon-23-trailer/ https://www.msn.com/en-us/tv/news/beacon-23-trailer-previews-lena-headey-led-sci-fi-thriller/ar-AA1irJOy?ocid=hpmsn&cvid=8415001f511b4201b0b01a5e6cc7bbd9&ei=68 Read more September 29, 2023 2 COMMENTS New York Comic Con 2023 New York Comic Con is almost upon us! Did you know that this is the biggest such con in the US? Around 200,000 people converge on the Javitz Center every year to celebrate all things geekdom. San Diego Comic Con (also amazing) gets around 130,000 or so attendees. Shay and I went last year and… Read more September 29, 2023 7 COMMENTS Beacon 23 Release Date! Big news for Beacon fans! The TV adaptation lands on November 12th, less than two months from now! It will premiere on MGM+, which is owned by Amazon, so I suspect it’ll be an add-on to your Prime account. I know, I know, someone should invent cable and bundle these things together… Starring Stephan James… Read more August 18, 2023 6 COMMENTS New Book Release! I’m over the moon to announce this one. After the amazing reception Elinor and I received for our post-card-apocalyptic THE BALLOON HUNTER, we immediately set to work on a sequel. Today it went live on Amazon! We present to you: DEATH TO ANYONE WHO READS THIS These books have been a blast to put together.… Read more August 9, 2023 2 COMMENTS Meet Wanda Jane Rainer: Monster Tamer! I’m so excited to announce this book. It’s one of two new picture books created with the absolutely brilliant Maine Diaz, whose art I love and adore. The idea for the book and script came from Matt Mikalatos, my great friend and screenwriting partner. Check out the product page on Amazon here. It’s on Kindle… Read more July 30, 2023 8 COMMENTS Creativity and Consciousness I’ve written about consciousness many times on this blog, and I’ve published a work on my theory of consciousness if you’re interested in diving even deeper (free on Kindle Unlimited, very cheap otherwise). I’ve also written extensively on my creative process. And I’ve published works about AI in places like Wired well before today’s AI… Read more View all posts Silo Humanity clings to survival in the Silo, a subterranean city extending one hundred forty-four stories beneath the surface. The series initially follows the character of Holston, the sheriff of the Silo, with subsequent volumes focusing on the characters of Juliette, Jahns, and Marnes. An ongoing storyline of the series is the focus on the mystery behind the Silo and the secrets it holds. Explore all Books Blog Updates Type your email… subscribe Signed Books! (Limited Supply) Writing Insights Series Becoming a Writer The Rough Draft The Revision Process Publishing Your Book About Me New York Times bestselling author of over a dozen novels. SILO out now on AppleTV+ Beacon 23 coming soon! Tumblr Instagram Facebook YouTube RECENT POSTS Attention is a Muscle Beacon 23 Season 2! Book Signing Live! Signed Books for a Limited Time! A Common Misunderstanding INSTAGRAM Recent Posts Attention is a Muscle Beacon 23 Season 2! Book Signing Live! Search Follow Me Tumblr YouTube Instagram Facebook Blog updates Type your email… subscribe © 2023 Hugh Howey All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress. Hosted by Pressable.