NOAA's National Ocean Service An official website of the United States government. Here's how you know we're official. dot gov icon Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. https icon Secure websites use HTTPS A small lock or https:// means you’ve safely connected to a .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Toggle navigation Toggle search National Ocean Service National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Search Search National Ocean Service Home Ocean Facts Topics Explore All Topics Arctic Careers Economy Ecosystems Geodesy Hazards Navigation Observations Ocean Recreation Sea Level Rise Story Maps Tools Education News Podcasts Video Images About Us Protecting the Nation's Coastal Ocean NOAA’s Office of Response and Restoration marks 25 years of service to coastal environments and communities. Go There tides and currents nautical charts career profiles NOS 2024-2028 Strategic Plan harmful algal blooms sea level rise Inflation Reduction Act: Climate-Ready Coasts and Communities The Inflation Reduction Act is a historic, federal government-wide investment that furthers NOAA’s efforts to build a Climate-Ready Nation. As part of this investment, NOAA will work with a variety of partners in coastal and Great Lakes communities to develop and support durable, local capacity to adapt to climate change impacts, while growing economies, protecting fisheries, addressing environmental justice, and developing a climate-ready workforce. inflation reduction act NOS 2024 Career Profiles What's it like to work at NOAA? Our profiles of National Ocean Service employees showcase a variety of specialties — from marine biologists to chemists to geodesists. Our new batch of profiles for 2024 highlight people from across our many program offices. Each person shares their career paths, what they enjoy about working at NOAA, and advice for those starting out in ocean science careers. While you're visiting, don't miss our links to NOAA career resources, as well as our employee profiles from previous years. careers Bipartisan Infrastructure Law: Climate-Ready Coasts The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law is a transformational opportunity to make an impact against the climate crisis across the country through multiple funding opportunities. As part of this law, $1.467 billion is being invested to help coastal communities build the future they want to see. Investing in high-impact natural infrastructure projects that build coastal resilience, create jobs, store carbon, and restore habitat. bipartisan infrastructure law Behind the Scenes at NGS With origins tracing back more than 200 years, NOAA’s National Geodetic Survey is in the business of “knowing where things are.” In this episode, we go behind the scenes with NGS Director Juliana Blackwell to get an insider perspective on NGS’s history and mission. She also shares her personal experience as the office’s first female director. Improving our Coasts with High-Resolution Land Cover Data High-resolution land cover data is now available through NOAA’s Digital Coast. This data provides communities with the foundational data needed to assess coastal resources, analyze land use, prepare for disaster risks, and adapt to a changing climate. Shown here: In Connecticut, high-resolution land cover data was used, statewide, to identify, prioritize, and protect drinking water sources. The data were used to identify parcels with high amounts of impervious surface and turf and undeveloped parcels. NOS Strategic Plan 2024-2028 The National Ocean Service is stepping into a larger role relative to filling our nation’s needs for data, products, and services that protect our ecosystems and enhance climate and economic resilience. Get an overview of our four overarching goals in our strategic plan: increase U.S. coastal resilience, make equity central to our mission, accelerate growth of the Ocean Enterprise and the Blue Economy, and conserve, restore, and connect healthy coastal and marine ecosystems. Contributions to Coastal Resilience: A Look Back on the Year in Emergency Response In 2023, NOS's Office of Response and Restoration provided scientific support to the Coast Guard and other federal responders for a wide range of scenarios — remotely when possible, and on-scene when needed. See how this support helped to protect our coastal communities following natural disasters and other incidents that result in marine pollution. Digitizing the Erie Canal: Story Map The construction of the Erie Canal was one of 19th Century America’s most significant feats of engineering. Built between 1817 and 1825, the canal provided a water route from Albany to Buffalo, New York, nearly 363 miles to the west. Today, NOAA is working on updating nautical charts of this important waterway to usher them into the digital era of electronic navigational charts. NOS Assistant Administrator Updates Historical Hurricane Tracks Coastal Inundation Dashboard Sea Level Rise National Marine Sanctuaries: Designations in Progress Around the Ocean Service New Coastal Inundation Dashboard training module tides and currents Gulf of Mexico Hypoxia Task Force convenes annual meeting to discuss progress and Congressional Report coastal ocean science Biden-Harris Administration shares new land cover data to help communities understand coastal change oceans and coasts New study opens window to cultural past in Great Lakes Sanctuary sanctuaries Enhancing NOAA tools for spill risk analysis response and restoration NOAA, Smithsonian join forces to advance ocean biodiversity and resilience resilience Feedback Provide Feedback Contact Us Report an error Social Science. Service.Stewardship. About NOS About Us NOS Program Offices Media Inquiries Website Acknowledgements Site Index Disclaimer More Resources Freedom of Information Act Accessibility Information Quality Privacy Policy NOS For Employees USA.gov Department of Commerce National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Ocean Service