Home | EEA Grants Skip to main content × - Norway Grants, Financial Mechanism Office Close × About us Employees Organisational Structure Legal Framework History Contact Countries Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Estonia Greece Hungary Latvia Lithuania Malta Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Partnership Opportunities Partnership Guide Donor Programme Partners International Partner Organisations Media Library Data & results portal Vacancies Programmes & projects information 2014-2021 Programmes Projects Bilateral Initiatives 2009-2014 Programmes Projects 2004-2009 Projects Fraud and Irregularity Reports Topics & Programmes Innovation, Research, Education and Competitiveness Business Development, Innovation and SMEs Education and Scholarships Research Work-life Balance Social Dialogue - Decent Work Social Inclusion, Youth Employment and Poverty Reduction Public Health Roma Inclusion and Empowerment Children and Youth at Risk Youth Participation in the Labour Market Local Development and Poverty Reduction Environment, Energy, Climate Change and Low Carbon Economy Environment and Ecosystems Energy Climate Change Culture, Civil Society, Good Governance and Fundamental Rights and Freedoms Culture Civil Society Good Governance Human Rights - National Implementation Justice and Home Affairs Asylum and Migration Correctional Services Police Cooperation Judicial Cooperation Domestic and Gender-based Violence Disaster Prevention and Preparedness Fund for Regional Cooperation Fund for Youth Employment Programmes Apply for funding Currently available funding Resources Agreements Annual Reports Blue book Evaluations and Reviews Factsheets Guidelines and Manuals GrACE GrACE User manuals Memoranda of understanding Programme agreements Publications Regulations Strategies and policies Visual identity Fraud and Irregularities Reports Other Features News Events Status Report 2022 Top EEA Grants Countries Topics & programmes Apply for funding Search Search Search Menu #OURSTORIES Get inspired by the thousands of projects that are making Europe more inclusive, democratic and greener. Read more Do you have an idea for a green, competitive and inclusive Europe? Together we can make it a reality Read more Together we achieve more Strengthen your project with a partner Read more Currently available funding 11 ongoing calls for proposal SI-ACTIVECITIZENS: Micro or »rapid response« projects - 2023 Deadline: 30 April 2024 SI-ACTIVECITIZENS: Bilateral relations - Call for proposals Deadline: 30 April 2024 MT-ACTIVECITIZENS: Bilateral Cooperation Initative Deadline: 30 April 2024 View all Guide for applicants How to apply Key results How to create partnerships? News News 05.03.2024 Turning the tide on oceans Europe’s oceans and waters stand at a critical juncture, facing unprecedented risks that threaten their very essence and the countless lives they sustain. From mapping human pharmaceuticals in the... News 01.03.2024 Powering a greener, more sustainable Croatian future In the City of Bjelovar, a geothermal energy initiative is being developed that promises to significantly advance Croatia's pursuit of energy independence and diminish its dependence on fossil fuels. External News 22.02.2024 Genetic testing helps police officers pursue perpetrators of the most serious crimes In Greek mythology, Nemesis is the goddess of revenge, justice and fate. Her portfolio also includes prosecuting criminals. It is no coincidence that the project of the Regional Police Headquarters in... News 21.02.2024 A new pathway to strengthen human rights The unwavering commitment to fundamental rights and the rule of law is more essential than ever in today's European Union. Political uncertainties, economic challenges, and social changes are ever... News 16.02.2024 Unlocking environmental, energy, and innovation solutions in Bulgaria Partners from Norway, Iceland and Bulgaria recently met in Sofia to discuss how projects under the Environment, Energy and Innovation programmes contribute to the green transition in the country. News 16.02.2024 A circular solution for greenhouse waste in Portugal Greenhouses are essential for producing high-quality crops in a controlled environment, but they also generate a lot of drain water, with high concentrations of plant nutrients. This drain water is... All News Get Social! Our projects deserve all the spotlight they can get, and what better place than social media to make it happen? Join us on Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter and Instagram to learn more about what we do, the people we work with and all the inspiring projects we help lift off the ground. Don't miss out & join the conversation. Spotted something unusual? Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway have a zero-tolerance policy on corruption and mismanagement in the EEA and Norway Grants. We strongly encourage you to share your concerns and report suspected fraud and irregularities. Report fraud and irregularities Fraud and Irregularities Reports Back to Top Main navigation About us Countries Partnership Opportunities Media Library Data & results portal Vacancies Programmes & projects information Fraud and Irregularity Reports Topics & Programmes Apply for funding Resources Features News Events Status Report 2022 Topics & Programmes Innovation, Research, Education and Competitiveness Social Inclusion, Youth Employment and Poverty Reduction Environment, Energy, Climate Change and Low Carbon Economy Culture, Civil Society, Good Governance and Fundamental Rights and Freedoms Justice and Home Affairs Fund for Regional Cooperation Fund for Youth Employment Apply for Funding Currently available funding Partnership Opportunities Partnership Guide Donor Programme Partners International Partner Organisations Contact Address: EFTA House, Avenue des Arts 19H, 1000 Brussels, Belgium Email: info-fmo@efta.int Tel: +32 (0) 2 286 1701 Subscribe to our newsletter Social Media Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Youtube Copyright 2024 Footer menu Contact FAQ Privacy Policy - Norway Grants, Financial Mechanism Office