Audible.com | Try Audible Free Today English English Español Sign Up Sign in Browse Get Started Audiobooks Podcasts Audible Originals Sleep Audible Latino All categories Plans & Pricing Popular Lists Bestsellers Coming Soon New Releases Best of the Best Series Authors Editors’ Picks Explore Audible Plus Catalog Gifts Help Center About Audible Blog Sales & Deals No results Suggested Searches Get your imagination going The best audiobooks and Originals. The most entertainment. The podcasts you want to hear. Try for $0.00 $14.95 a month after 30 days. Cancel anytime. Prime member exclusive New Audible subscribers get 2 free audiobooks with trial Members get even more Pick 1 audiobook a month Choose any title you want from our unmatched collection—including bestsellers and new releases. This is yours to keep. Thousands of included titles Listen all you want to thousands of included audiobooks and Originals with celebs you love and emerging talent. Deals & discounts Get in on exclusive sales and deals, and use your special member discount on any title, anytime. Try for $0.00 $14.95 a month after 30 days. Cancel anytime. We've got what everyone's listening to Bestsellers. New releases. That story you've been waiting for. The Women By: Kristin Hannah Dune By: Frank Herbert Atomic Habits By: James Clear Defiance of the Fall 12 By: TheFirstDefier, and others First Lie Wins By: Ashley Elston A Court of Mist and Fury By: Sarah J. Maas Iron Flame By: Rebecca Yarros The Teacher By: Freida McFadden The Justice By: James Patterson, and others The Chaos Agent By: Mark Greaney 48 Laws of Power By: Robert Greene House of Flame and Shadow By: Sarah J. Maas The Heaven & Earth Grocery Store By: James McBride Worthy By: Jamie Kern Lima Remarkably Bright Creatures By: Shelby Van Pelt The Housemaid By: Freida McFadden None of This Is True By: Lisa Jewell Tom Lake By: Ann Patchett The Sleepover By: Keri Beevis We Play Games By: Sarah A. Denzil Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. The listening never has to stop Thousands of included titles. No cap on listening time. The Justice By: James Patterson, and others The Sleepover By: Keri Beevis We Play Games By: Sarah A. Denzil Red Rising By: Pierce Brown A Murder to Remember By: Brynn Kelly The Art of War By: Sun Tzu Exposed By: Sophie Elmhirst, and others Hooked By: Emily McIntire The Starter Ex By: Mia Sosa Six-Figure Side Hustle By: Rachel Rodgers Moriarty By: Charles Kindinger Think and Grow Rich By: Napoleon Hill One of Us Is Dead By: Jeneva Rose The Girlfriend By: K.L. Slater Lie to Me By: Molly McAdams Outlander By: Diana Gabaldon Witness By: Paramount Pictures A Touch of Darkness By: Scarlett St. Clair 101 Essays That Will Change the Way You Think By: Brianna Wiest Trace of Doubt By: Samantha Weinberg Frequently asked questions How does the free trial work? Audible is a membership service that provides customers with the world's largest selection of audiobooks as well as podcasts, exclusive originals and more. Your Audible membership is free for 30 days. If you enjoy your Audible trial, do nothing and your membership will automatically continue. We'll send you an email reminder before your trial ends. Download the free Audible app to start listening on your iOS or Android device. You can also listen on any Alexa-enabled device, compatible Fire tablets, Kindles, Sonos devices and more. You can cancel anytime before your trial ends and you won’t be charged. There are no commitments and no cancellation fees. How much does Audible cost? Plans start at $7.95 per month after free trial. Visit our Plans & Pricing page to learn more. What is included with my Audible membership? As an Audible member, your subscription includes: Premium Plus members get credit(s) good for any titles in our premium selection (1 credit = 1 title)* Access to exclusive member sales and discounts on all additional purchases. All members can listen all they want to thousands of included audiobooks, podcasts, originals, and more in the Plus Catalog. *Number of credits varies based on your membership plan. Credits expire after one year. Are there additional benefits for Amazon Prime members? Amazon Prime members are invited to start their first Audible trial with 2 free credits (1 credit = 1 title) that can be used on any bestsellers or new releases. Returning Prime members who have previously received 2 credits with trial will only be eligible for the standard trial. A standard trial includes 1 credit. After trial, all members receive 1 credit per month. Do I have to commit for any period of time? There are no commitments. You can easily cancel your membership at anytime. All titles purchased with a credit are yours to keep forever. © Copyright 1997 - 2024 Audible Inc. About Audible Careers Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Cookies Your ads privacy choices United States (English)