Ad Inserter Pro - Advanced WordPress Ad Management Plugin Press enter to see results or esc to cancel. Toggle navigation BUY NOW Documentation Features Plugin Installation Quick Start Common Settings Glossary Basic Settings Code Editing Code Preview Automatic Insertion Shortcodes and Widgets Alignments and Styles Header and Footer Code Paragraph Settings WordPress Page Types AdSense Ads Black and White Lists General Plugin Settings Advanced Settings Additional Block Settings Insertion Near any HTML element Ads on AMP pages Ad Manager (DFP) Ads ads.txt Post and Page Exceptions Caching Ad Rotation Ad Counting Device Detection Sticky Ads Geotargeting Ad Impression and Click Tracking Ad Impression and Click Limiting Ad Blocking Detection Ad Networks Customizations Debugging Remote Management Troubleshooting Demo Before Paragraph After Paragraph Between Paragraphs Sticky ads and Animations Sticky Blocks Parallax ads FAQ How Ad Inserter works How to optimize plugin settings Disable ads on WooCommerce pages Black or whitelist two or more items Customize close button Disable ads for subscribers Insert ads at specific position Remember visitors’ parameters Reload ads without page refresh Showing and hiding ads with delay GDPR compliance, cookies and consent How to minimize layout shift Show related Amazon products Alternative payment method Version History Contact us Ad Inserter Pro Advanced WordPress Ads Management Plugin Ad Inserter Pro is a simple yet powerful All-in-One WordPress ad management plugin, AdSense plugin, Ad Manager plugin, custom header and footer code inserter and much more. It can insert any code at any supported position. Perfect for AdSense, Amazon, Ad Manager DFP ads, rotating banners or any other ads. Philosophy Intuitive user interface All settings on a single page Insert any code anywhere on any page What you see is what will be inserted Fast processing with no overhead Simple troubleshooting and debugging Insert Any Code Anywhere on the Page Advanced automatic insertion of ads Google AdSense, Amazon, Media.net, banners and all other ads Insert HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP code Insert opt-in forms, header and footer scripts, analytics or tracking code Insert before, inside or after any HTML element on any WordPress page Support for different ads on desktop, tablet or phone Widgets, shortcodes Works with caching AdSense Support Advanced AdSense plugin AdSense account integration AdSense code generator AdSense code preview Support for responsive AdSense ads Support for AMP ads Support to detect, replace or hide blank AdSense blocks Click fraud protection (cookie based + IP address block) Prevention of invalid traffic with reCAPTCHA v3 score check Control Insert ads based on category, tag, taxonomy, post type, post ID or, url Insert ads based on IP address, url parameters, cookies or referers Exclude ads on individual posts or pages Clearance options to avoid insertion near images or headers Do not insert ads if the consent is not given Insert ad codes immediately after the consent is given Ad scheduling Advanced Features Ad statistics with reports in PDF format Impression and click tracking Country, state, region and city-level geotargeting Ad blocking detection and statistics Ad blocking actions: pop-up message, ad replacement, content protection Ad rotation optimization based on CTR No layout shift because of inserted ads (to improve CLS) Support for custom WordPress hooks using do_action () WP function WordPress multisite support Advanced Ads Ad manager (DoubleClick for Publisher) DFP ads Frequency capping – limit impressions or clicks Sticky ads with animations and triggers Slide, fade, flip, turn, zoom Background ads (skin ads) Parallax ads Ads on AMP pages Lazy loading A/B testing Support for IAB TCF 2.0 consent API Editing, Debugging and Support Syntax highlighting editor AdSense code editor ads.txt file editor Remote plugin management (manage Ad Inserter Pro on other sites you own) Code editor for rich media ads and banners Code preview with visual CSS editor Powerful debugging functions Premium support Ad Inserter Pro can insert ads where other plugins fail In the case you are not happy with standard positions available in other AdSense plugins and WordPress ad managers, you can use automatic insertion before, inside or after any HTML element on any page using CSS selectors. This means that you can insert any code anywhere on the page. Check plugin features for details. What is the difference between Ad Inserter and Ad Inserter Pro? Please check the list of features with comparison and description of license types. With Ad Inserter Pro you also get one year of free updates and support. You can install and check free Ad Inserter plugin (available also on WordPress Plugin Directory) and if you find it useful and need more features you can simply upgrade to Ad Inserter Pro. Upgrading from free Ad Inserter to Ad Inserter Pro is easy and preserves settings. Simply deactivate and remove free Ad Inserter and then upload and activate Ad Inserter Pro. License types, renewal and upgrade We offer a choice of four license types for Ad Inserter Pro. Each license includes free updates for 1 year. A license is required for each website that has the plugin installed. After the free updates period ends you will still be able to use Ad Inserter Pro normally. Only plugin updates will not be available anymore and you will not be eligible for support. You can still keep using the version of the plugin that you have installed. Of course, you can renew or upgrade the license anytime. You can extend the license period or upgrade the license type anytime. On the same page where you can download the plugin you can also renew or upgrade the license. If you have lost your download link or license key you can recover it by entering PayPal email address that was used for payment. We offer 20% discount for license extensions and renewals during the license period and 30 days after the license expires. We also offer license upgrades. If you decide to upgrade to a different license type during the license period you get 20% discount on the regular price and you also get the license period extended for one year. Not sure if Ad Inserter Pro is the right solution for you? Looking for a plugin for WordPress ads? Interested in AdSense ads at optimal positions? Need a solution for contextual Amazon ads? Need a solution for Ad Manager (DFP) ads? Need a solution to track impressions and clicks? Need a solution to export statistics reports? Need a solution for A/B tests? Need a solution for ad blocking? Need a solution for click frauds? Need a solution for frequency capping? Need a solution to insert ads on all posts? Need a solution to insert ad specific header code? Need a solution for custom hook positions? Need a solution to avoid ads near images? Need a solution to disable ads on some pages? Need a solution for ads on AMP pages? Need a solution for ads with PHP code? Need a solution for different ads on phone? Need a solution for sticky ads? Need a solution to blacklist a category? Need a solution to blacklist IP address range? Need a solution to target specific countries? Need a solution to schedule ads? Need a solution to hide ads for direct visitors? Need support? Ad Inserter Pro can insert ads where other plugins fail Endorsed by Google Google lists Ad Inserter plugin as possible solution to place AdSense ad code into your WordPress site. If you’re new to AdSense, one of your first tasks is to connect your site to AdSense. This requires you to copy the code on your AdSense homepage and paste it into the HTML of your page, between the and tags. Advanced users can enable AdSense integration: get AdSense ad codes from the plugin settings page. Endorsed by Amazon Amazon suggests to use Ad Inserter to add Native Shopping Ads to WordPress posts. Native Shopping Ads provide highly relevant and dynamic product recommendations in a stylishly designed and responsive ad unit that can be placed at the end of your content or within your content to create a more compelling visitor experience and shopping opportunity. There is no easier way to display Amazon products related to the post content! Ad Inserter Reviews Ad Inserter review on WP Mayor: The Best WordPress Ad Management Plugin? All in all, Ad Inserter is the most popular ad management plugin for a reason. The placement options are flexible and it’s simple enough for non-developers to use. Ad Inserter review on ShoutMeLoud: What This WordPress Ad Plugin Can Do For You? Ad Inserter is one of the most popular and highly rated ad management plugins at WordPress.org for a reason. At a basic level, it makes it easy to manage your ads and display them on your site. But it also gives you access to a lot of smaller features that give you deep control over how your ads function. Buying Ad Inserter Pro is easy. There is a one-off payment for the license period of one year. You don’t have to register with us, just choose an option, click the Buy Now button and pay with PayPal or any supported debit or credit card (if PayPal is not available in your country we can send you an invoice which can be paid with a credit card). Please note that if you pay with eCheck you’ll not receive the download link until the transaction clears and we receive the payment. You will receive an email containing your download link and license key for the plugin. Please save this email for future reference. The link in the email is used only for initial download and installation of the plugin. All future updates during the free update period don’t need manual downloading and can be done inside WordPress like for other plugins. After you receive the email with the license key and download link for the Ad Inserter Pro plugin, download the plugin and save the zip file to some safe place for future installations, go to WordPress Plugins, click on Add New, click on Upload Plugin, click on Choose file and choose the plugin you have downloaded, click on Install Now, activate the plugin (existing settings from the free Ad Inserter will automatically be imported) and then click Enter License Key and enter license key you got in the email. Check also documentation on plugin installation and differences between license types. If you need invoice with company data please let us know. PERSONAL €20 Use on 2 sites Standardclick detection PDF and public web reports Impression and click limits Click fraud protection Use on own sites MaxMind geolocation Parallax ads reCAPTCHA score check Remote plugin management FREELANCER €30 Use on 5 sites Advancedclick detection PDF and public web reports Impression and click limits Click fraud protection Use on client sites MaxMind geolocation Parallax ads reCAPTCHA score check Remote plugin management BUSINESS €50 Use on 25 sites Advancedclick detection PDF and public web reports Impression and click limits Click fraud protection Use on client sites MaxMind geolocation Parallax ads reCAPTCHA score check Remote plugin management CORPORATE €100 Use on 100 sites Advancedclick detection PDF and public web reports Impression and click limits Click fraud protection Use on client sites MaxMind geolocation Parallax ads reCAPTCHA score check Remote plugin management if PayPal is not available in your country we can send you an invoice which can be paid with a credit card. Obviously if you experience any problem in payment, downloading or installation, just let us know and we will put things right immediately. We usually respond in 24 hours. If you don’t get response in 2 days please email us directly at or contact us on Twitter via @AdInserter. Search for: Recent PostsSticky BlocksParallax adsAlternative payment methodHow to minimize layout shiftHow to insert after Read More tagHow to dynamically show related Amazon productsHow to insert code for Google AnalyticsHow to rotate between different positionsTagsad blocker ad blocking ad rotation ads ads.txt adsense after paragraph amazon AMP animation automatic insertion before paragraph between paragraphs black list caching client-side close button code country CSS custom hooks debugging device detection document.write filter footer header hook hooks HTML insertion Javascript paragraphs parallax ads PHP php function plugin separators server-side settings shortcode shortcodes sticky widget wordpress Ad Inserter Stats Meta Version: 2.7.33 Last updated: 2 months ago Active installations: 300,000+ WordPress Version: 4.9 or higher Tested up to: 6.4.3 PHP Version: 7.2 or higher Ratings 5 stars 2,180 4 stars 43 3 stars 10 2 stars 4 1 star 21 Info Support Contact us Version History Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy