NAE Website - Home XS SM MD LG × Login Keep me signed in Create New Account Contact Login Give to NAE NAE Login Attention NAE Members Starting June 30, 2023, login credentials have changed for improved security. For technical assistance, please contact us at 866-291-3932 or helpdesk@nas.edu. For all other inquiries, please contact our Membership Office at 202-334-2198 or NAEMember@nae.edu. Members Only Click here to login if you're an NAE Member Login Forgot Username or Password Recover Your Account Information Reset Password Non-NAE Members Login Keep me signed in Membership Inquiries 202-334-2198 NAEMembershipOffice@nae.edu Giving About Contact Media Room Connect with NAE Toggle navigation Homepage About About About Overview About the NAE Becoming a Member Our Study Process Leadership Giving Contact Visiting the NAE Frequently Asked Questions Annual Reports Programs Programs Programs Overview Overview Projects Awards Fellowships Publications Publications Publications Overview All Engineering & Technology Reports NAE Reports Annual Reports The Bridge Bridge Articles Archive NAE Perspectives PNAS Nexus News News News Overview NAE Media Room Speeches & Remarks Press Releases News Archive Spotlight on Engineering Events Events Events Overview Calendar Annual Meetings National and Regional Meetings Awards Awards Awards Overview NAE Awards Draper Prize Russ Prize Gordon Prize Ramo Founders Award Bueche Award Distinguished Honorees Gibbs Brothers Medal J. C. Hunsaker Award Call for Nominations Members Members Members Overview NAE Members Homepage NAE Members Directory Engineering Sections Memorial Tributes Recently Deceased Members 2023 Annual Meeting Giving About Contact Media Room Follow us on: NAE Login Attention NAE Members Starting June 30, 2023, login credentials have changed for improved security. For technical assistance, please contact us at 866-291-3932 or helpdesk@nas.edu. For all other inquiries, please contact our Membership Office at 202-334-2198 or NAEMember@nae.edu. Members Only Click here to login if you're an NAE Member Login Forgot Username or Password Recover Your Account Information Reset Password Non-NAE Members Login Keep me signed in Membership Inquiries 202-334-2198 NAEMembershipOffice@nae.edu Homepage About About About About the NAE Becoming a Member Our Study Process Leadership Giving Contact Visiting the NAE Frequently Asked Questions Annual Reports Founded in 1964, the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) is a private, independent, nonprofit institution that provides engineering leadership in service to the nation.Learn More Programs Programs Programs Overview Projects Awards Fellowships NAE programs are designed to connect, engage, and inspire by exploring new ways to advance engineering, address societal issues, and enhance quality of life.Learn More Publications Publications Publications All Engineering & Technology Reports NAE Reports Annual Reports The Bridge Bridge Articles Archive NAE Perspectives PNAS Nexus NAE publications provide evidence-based consensus of committees of experts, presentations from NAE members and other experts, and perspectives on topics of importance to spur thoughtful discussion.Learn More News News News NAE Media Room Speeches & Remarks Press Releases News Archive Spotlight on Engineering Your source for the latest information about the NAE's national and international activities, committee studies, workshops, presidential statements, reports and other publications.Learn More Events Events Events Calendar Annual Meetings National and Regional Meetings NAE conferences, workshops, symposia, forums, roundtables, and other gatherings attract the finest minds in academia, industry, and public and private sectors.Learn More Awards Awards Awards NAE Awards Draper Prize Russ Prize Gordon Prize Ramo Founders Award Bueche Award Distinguished Honorees Gibbs Brothers Medal J. C. Hunsaker Award Call for Nominations NAE awards recognize accomplished engineers for their leadership, innovation, and commitment to advancing engineering, the human condition, and/or engineering and technology education.Learn More Members Members Members NAE Members Homepage NAE Members Directory Engineering Sections Memorial Tributes Recently Deceased Members 2023 Annual Meeting Election to the NAE is one of the highest professional honors accorded an engineer. It recognizes outstanding engineering contributions in business, education, research, government, and other organizations.Learn More Search Upcoming Events Mar72024 Failures in Social Systems: Converging Biological, Behavioral, and Engineering Insights Understanding and explaining system failures are paramount in multiple disciplines such as engineering and the life sciences. Social considerations are often overlooked when analyzing failures, but should play a crucial role in the design, implementation, and in mitigating possible failure of ...Virtual More Info Mar142024 Engineering the Future: The Role of AI and Biotech AI will be transformative. It is already widely used in the biotech industry, along with machine learning, as an aid to take the emotions and the biases out of the data process. Yet AI is not without its challenges. As its use increases, so to do questions about the ethics of AI, technology, ...Webcast and in person at the National Academy of Science BuildingWashington, DC More Info Mar242024 Mar 24 2024 - Mar 26 2024Excellence in Manufacturing and Operations (XMO) at the Crossroads of America: NAE Regional Meeting at Purdue University More Info Apr22024 Space and Time: NAE Regional Meeting at Texas A&M More Info View All Events The Bridge December 14, 2023 - Volume 53 No. 4 Winter Bridge on Frontiers of Engineering This issue features articles by 2023 US Frontiers of Engineering symposium participants. The articles cover pressing global issues including resilience and security in the information ecosystem, engineered quantum systems, complex systems in the context of health care, and mining and mineral resource production. President's Perspective: The Diversification of the National Academy of Engineering Guest Editor's Note: The Grainger Foundation Frontiers of Engineering 2023 Symposium From Accidental Rumors to Pervasive Disinformation A Decade of Misinformation Research Read this issue View All Past Issues September 29, 2023 - Volume 53 No. 3 Fall Bridge on the Value Proposition in Innovative Engineering This issue explores the unique value proposition that engineers and engineering disciplines present in addressing the National Academies’ Grand Challenges. Covering topics ranging from the global sustainability challenge to the sequestration of carbon to transformations in our water management system, the articles in this issue show how engineers are vital to creating a world in which humanity can thrive. A Word from the NAE Chair Intelligent Systems Engineering? Editor's Note: Welcoming Changes Issue Editors' Note Engineers Matter - But Why? Read this issue View All Past Issues June 28, 2023 - Volume 53 No. 2 Summer Bridge on Engineering the Energy Transition This issue explores the energy transition needed to address the mounting threats of climate change. The articles are an excellent resource to help inform meaningful decisions and steps for energy-related contributions to reduce carbon emissions. President’s Perspective: Tribute to Great Engineering Leadership Editor's Note: Transition at The Bridge President’s Introduction The Goal of a Net Zero Carbon Energy System: The Importance of How Read this issue View All Past Issues Spring Bridge on Sustainable Smart Cities The world’s cities face increasing threats from natural disasters, aging infrastructure, traffic, and resource constraints. The articles in this issue examine smart infrastructure, sustainability, net zero carbon options, and autonomous driving, among other approaches to smart and sustainable cities. A Word from the NAE Chair: Infrastructure Here and Abroad Guest Editor's Note: Engineering for Sustainable Smart Cities A Metastructure Approach to Smart and Sustainable Cities Read this issue View All Past Issues December 22, 2022 - Volume 52 No. 4 Winter Bridge on Frontiers of Engineering From novel applications of microbes to DEI in engineering to the potential for hydrogen energy, Frontiers of Engineering participants tackle today’s challenging world issues. The winter issue of The Bridge showcases research by early-career engineers as shared at the 2022 US FOE symposium. Editor's Note: Frontiers for Engineers and for the Country Guest Editor's Note: The Grainger Foundation Frontiers of Engineering 2022 Symposium Bioinspired Materials—based Approaches to Address Antimicrobial Resistance Read this issue View All Past Issues President's Corner John L. Anderson - NAE President 2024 Draper Prize: Where Science Meets Engineering March 4, 2024 Read More Celebrating Engineer’s Week! Honoring Pioneers in Engineering The Urgency of Climate Change Solutions Celebrating Engineer’s Week! February 20, 2024 Read More Honoring Pioneers in Engineering The Urgency of Climate Change Solutions The Future of Engineering Honoring Pioneers in Engineering January 5, 2024 In 2023, the engineering community lost a host of notable pioneers in engineering, from Gordon Moore, co-founder and emeritus chairman of Intel Corporation who developed Moore’s law, to William A. Wulf, a computer innovator who paved the way for the internet that we know today, to Henry Petroski, whose prolific writing career presented the human side of engineering. Read More The Urgency of Climate Change Solutions The Future of Engineering Engaging the Public in the Mobility Electrification Revolution The Urgency of Climate Change Solutions November 9, 2023 Climate change affects us all. We need to act decisively, urgently, and equitably if we are to minimize the negative impacts of climate change and pave the way for a more sustainable future. Read More The Future of Engineering Engaging the Public in the Mobility Electrification Revolution International Outreach for Secure and Sustainable Energy The Future of Engineering May 15, 2023 Anniversaries are a time to ask: “What more can we do?” “What issues should we address?” “What actions should we take?” “What partnerships should we build to advance the academy toward synergizing science, engineering and medicine?” Read More Engaging the Public in the Mobility Electrification Revolution International Outreach for Secure and Sustainable Energy Philanthropy: Wellspring of the NAE’s Work and Impacts View All President’s Corner National Academy of Engineering 500 Fifth Street, NW | Washington, DC 20001 T. 202.334.3200 | F. 202.334.2290 Connect with NAE About Programs Publications Events Awards Members News Opportunities Status Donate Subscribe Contact Privacy Statement | DMCA Policy | Terms of Use | Low Graphics Copyright © 2024 National Academy of Sciences on behalf of the National Academy of Engineering. Donate