ASTM International - Standards Worldwide The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Artificial Intelligence Policy: ASTM International prohibits the entry of ASTM standards and related ASTM intellectual property (“ASTM IP”) into any form of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, such as ChatGPT. Additionally, creating derivatives of ASTM IP using AI is also prohibited without express written permission from ASTM’s President. In the case of such use, ASTM will suspend a licensee’s access to ASTM IP, and further legal action will be considered. All All Meetings & Symposia Standardization News News Releases Search Menu | Site Search All All Meetings & Symposia Standardization News News Releases Go Products & Services PRODUCTS Standards & Publications All Standards and Publications Standards Products Symposia Papers & STPs Manuals, Monographs, & Data Series Technical Reports Journals Reading Room Authors Book of Standards Reading Room Tracker Services Catalogs SERVICES Digital Library Enterprise Solutions Integrated Services ASTM Compass® Compass Points SpecBuilder Custom Platforms Multimedia Services Market Intelligence Wohlers Report Laboratory Services Proficiency Testing Petroleum Reference Materials ASTM Insight SQC Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) Test Method Assessment Checklists (TMA) Training Courses All Training Courses International Training PE Continuing Education Member and Officer Training Certification Cement & Concrete Reference Lab Get Involved MEMBERSHIP & MEETINGS Technical Committees Membership Meetings & Symposia Students & Professors Publish With ASTM Consumer Participation Consumers and ASTM What is ASTM Consumer Safety Standards Training and Resources What to Expect How to Get Involved News and Events 125th Anniversary 125th Anniversary Celebrate With Us 125 Years of ASTM International News and Events About OVERVIEW & KEY FACTS Overview Overview Detailed Overview Fact Sheet White Papers Corporate Citizenship Governance Global Cooperation In-Residence Training Programs Online Training International Partners UAE Chapter President's Column Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Careers Market Insights and Innovation Market Insights Innovation News NEWS Standardization News News Releases Products & Services PRODUCTS Standards & Publications All Standards and Publications Standards Products Symposia Papers & STPs Manuals, Monographs, & Data Series Technical Reports Journals Reading Room Authors Book of Standards Reading Room Tracker Services Catalogs SERVICES Digital Library Enterprise Solutions Integrated Services ASTM Compass® Compass Points SpecBuilder Custom Platforms Multimedia Services Market Intelligence Wohlers Report Laboratory Services Proficiency Testing Petroleum Reference Materials ASTM Insight SQC Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) Test Method Assessment Checklists (TMA) Training Courses All Training Courses International Training PE Continuing Education Member and Officer Training Certification Cement & Concrete Reference Lab Get Involved MEMBERSHIP & MEETINGS Technical Committees Membership Meetings & Symposia Students & Professors Publish With ASTM Consumer Participation Consumers and ASTM What is ASTM Consumer Safety Standards Training and Resources What to Expect How to Get Involved News and Events 125th Anniversary 125th Anniversary Celebrate With Us 125 Years of ASTM International News and Events About OVERVIEW & KEY FACTS Overview Overview Detailed Overview Fact Sheet White Papers Corporate Citizenship Governance Global Cooperation In-Residence Training Programs Online Training International Partners UAE Chapter President's Column Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Careers Market Insights and Innovation Market Insights Innovation News NEWS Standardization News News Releases Contact Cart Contact Cart () Sign In Sign In Create Account × × Something went wrong × Please contact us if you are experiencing performance issues OK Training Programs × You currently do not have access to any training programs. Browse all ASTM Training Programs available. Close The LatestJanuary / February Standardization News In the latest issue of our magazine, meet Bill Griese, 2024 Chair of the ASTM Board of Directors. NEWSICAM 2024: Call For Abstracts Open ICAM 2024 emphasizes standardization, qualification, and certification, with a particular focus on industry-specific requirements encompassing the entire advanced manufacturing processes and value chains in 27 symposia. Submit your abstract today!EVENTSStandards Tracker Get the fastest notification of changes to all the ASTM standards you use. Sign up for ASTM Tracker and be alerted twice a week to ensure you’re using the most recent standards. Stay up-to-date, stay in compliance. Sign up today.PRODUCTS & SERVICESBrowse Standards by Category Looking for standards organized by category? See the breadth and depth of standards developed by ASTMs 140+ committees.WEBSITEStandards Impact: Forensics How close to reality is CSI? How have standards impacted the field of forensics? Find out more in the latest episode of Standards Impact.PODCASTS ASTM eLearning ASTM’s training programs feature interactive modules on the most up-to-date consensus-based standards for your industry. TRAINING IES Standards Now Available on ASTM Compass® Subscribe to The Lighting Library today to get over 5,500 pages of 100+ lighting standards – giving you access to the light levels you need, when you need them. PRODUCTS & SERVICESLaboratory Services From proficiency testing and reference materials to data management, learn about our comprehensive solutions for all your lab’s QA/QC needs.PRODUCTS & SERVICESExo Games 2024 A student innovation initiative, the 2nd Annual Exo Games will be held August 5-9 at ASTM Headquarters. EVENTS Testing Rubber Products for Performance An overview for the non-product specialist, this new manual reviews nine different rubber product areas.PUBLICATIONSXcellerate Created to strengthen the world's emerging technologies from research to standards, Xcellerate covers additive manufacturing, exo technologies, emerging airspace, robotics, and more. Our goal is to embed standards from the start of the R&D process. Visit website.WEBSITE Work Better ASTM Compass Get instant access to standards, testing, learning, and more. Learn more Learning Programs In-person and online courses to advance your skills to the next level. Learn more Integrated Services Streamline your systems. Save time and resources. Generate new revenue. Learn more Proficiency Testing Programs Evaluate and improve your laboratory's performance. Learn more 12,800+ Global ASTM Standards 110+ Partner Countries 30,000+ Volunteer Members Membership For $115 a year, or free for students, you can be a member of one of the world's leading standards development organizations. Members help create and update standards while gaining knowledge, leadership skills, professional networks, and more. Your benefits include a free print or online volume of standards, Standardization News magazine, access to meeting minutes and agendas, and more. Explore the benefits of membership About ASTM International Over 12,800 ASTM Standards operate globally. Defined and set by us, they improve the lives of millions every day. Combined with our innovative business services, they enhance performance and help everyone have confidence in the things they buy and use. FIND OUT MORE ABOUT ASTM All All Meetings & Symposia Standardization News News Releases Go Home About Contact Policies Privacy Policy Copyright/Permissions Reading Room Copyright © 1996 - 2024 ASTM. All Rights Reserved. ASTM International, 100 Barr Harbor Drive, PO Box C700, West Conshohocken, PA, 19428-2959 USA