Full Fact Menu Donate Fact checks Fact checks Our fact checking systematically raises standards in public debate and changes the behaviour of powerful actors All fact checks Latest Health Economy Europe Crime Law Education About About Bad information ruins lives. We’re a team of independent fact checkers and campaigners who find, expose and counter the harm it does Who we are How we fact check After we fact check Campaigns Policy Research AI Our team Funding Independence Impartiality Feedback & corrections FAQs IFCN Updates Updates News and updates from the Full Fact team, including the track record of MPs we have fact checked Blog MP fact checks Uncorrected MP claims Media enquiries Subscribe Get involved Get involved Campaign with us to help protect our elections and improve the quality of information in public debate Get involved Sign our petition Newsletter Jobs Contact us Training Search Full Fact fights bad information We’re a team of independent fact checkers and campaigners who find, expose and counter the harm it does. Recent fact checks Our politics blog has rolling coverage of and commentary on what we’re fact checking in Westminster and beyond. Read our snap analysis from the last few days, including coverage of the Rochdale by-election and two claims from Prime Minister’s Questions. Politics blog A screenshot of a BBC headline reporting that Amnesty International stripped Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny of his ‘prisoner of conscience’ status is circulating online. While this is a genuine article, it dates back to 2021. Amnesty reversed the decision shortly after, apologised to Mr Navalny and restored this status. Alexei Navalny claim Several posts on social media have claimed a 10-hour shift as a junior doctor pays £140. This is incorrect. The minimum that a junior doctor in England would now earn for a shift of this length is about £155, and most earn much more. Junior doctors pay Full Fact fights bad information Bad information ruins lives. It promotes hate, damages people’s health, and hurts democracy. You deserve better. Get the information you need We're here to change debate for the better We ask people to correct the record when they get things wrong, develop new technology to counter misleading claims, and campaign for better information in public life. Full Fact Report 2023 2022 was a damaging year for standards in public debate. What needs to change The Online Safety Act and misinformation: what you need to know The Online Safety Act should have been pivotal in tackling harmful misinformation. However, there is no credible plan to tackle the harms from misinformation in the Act. Read more… MPs who have not corrected the record These politicians have not corrected themselves after Full Fact has made them aware that a claim they have made is inaccurate or misleading. See the list We don’t take sides We were launched by a cross-party group and our board includes representatives of different political parties and viewpoints. Meet our team We’re independent Thousands of people and organisations donate to support our work. How we're funded Can you help us do more? Every donation will help us stop the spread of bad information. £5£10£20Other amount Who we are Funding and independence Our impartiality Feedback and corrections Media enquiries Twitter Facebook Instagram Full Fact, 17 Oval Way, London, SE11 5RR Full Fact is a registered charity (no. 1158683) and a non-profit company (no. 06975984) limited by guarantee and registered in England and Wales. © Copyright 2010-2024 Full Fact. Thanks to Bytemark for donating our web hosting. Privacy, terms and conditions.