ICS By Fustok Skip to content Main Menu AboutMenu Toggle Dr. Abdel K. Fustok Insurance/Finance FAQ Promotions Perks Reward Program Patient Information / Forms Virtual Consultations Procedures & TreatmentsMenu Toggle Surgical ProceduresMenu Toggle Breast Enhancements Body Contouring Facial Rejuvenation Skin Treatments For Men Other Services BioTE TestimonialsContact Us Main Menu AboutMenu Toggle Dr. Abdel K. Fustok Insurance/Finance FAQ Promotions Perks Reward Program Patient Information / Forms Virtual Consultations Procedures & TreatmentsMenu Toggle Surgical ProceduresMenu Toggle Breast Enhancements Body Contouring Facial Rejuvenation Skin Treatments For Men Other Services BioTE TestimonialsContact Us Let Us Help You Transform into the new you Schedule Your Consultation Welcome to the Institute of Cosmetic Surgery Dr. Abdel K. Fustok, the Director of The Institute of Cosmetic Surgery, specializes in plastic, reconstructive and hand surgery. He received his M.D. and Ph.D from the University of Grenoble France, one of only 43 graduates in a class of 1,500. He offers the latest in skin care, facial rejuvenation, skin tightening, body sculpting, anti-aging, breast augmentation, breast reduction and so much more. One of Houston's Premiere plastic surgeons Over 35 years of cosmetic surgery experience Has changed the lives of thousands of patients Educated across 3 continents Surgical Procedures 4 ProceduresBreast Enhancements ICS specializes in a variety of breast enhancement procedures ranging from augmentation, enlargement and reduction. Learn More 6 ProceduresBody Contouring Offering body contouring procedures including liposuction, abdominoplasty, brachioplasty and thigh lifts. Learn More 6 ProceduresFacial Rejuvenation Facial Rejuvenation procedures include face lifts, nose surgery, eyelid surgery, brow/forehead lift, and more. Learn More Skin Treatments Chemical Peel A non-surgical, non-chemical, non-invasive method of skin resurfacing that utilizes fine crystals to provide effective exfoliation and rejuvenation of the superficial layers of the skin. Learn More Injectables Fillers are a crystal clear gel that is injected into the skin in small amounts to restore volume and structure. It is based on hyaluronic acid, similar to the body’s own hyaluronic acid. Learn More Vein Treatment Sclerotherapy is a procedure to eliminate varicose and spider veins. It involves an injection of a solution into the vein that will cause the vessel to turn to scar tissue in time and fade from view. Learn More Testimonials From Happy Clients Dr. Fustok is a wonderful and great doctor that had many years of experience and does excellent work. When you come to his practice you feel like family. Dr.Fustok wants to help you look and feel better about your self and instilling a lifestyle change. Dr.Fustok has a passion for what he does and helping others and his work speaks for itself that is why I highly recommended Dr. Fustok and his practice to others. Alexia T. I had my consultation today with Dr. Fustok. He was so willing to explain all the procedures and he offered suggestions, as well as listened to my wants. He made me feel so at ease and answered all my questions. His staff was amazing and so personable. I cannot wait to schedule my procedure. Naomi H. Dr. Fustok and his staff is awesome. Not only is surgeon he also care about your health. He gives the beat advice on staying healthy and active. I would definitely recommend him! Neicy L. Schedule Your Consultation Schedule your appointment today to learn how Dr. Fustok and his staff can help you realize your dreams and goals. Fill out the form below and we'll be in touch! First Name* Last Name* Email* What services are you interested in? Follow Us The Institute of Cosmetic Surgery 6750 West Loop South Suite 830 Bellaire, TX 77401 (713) 621-6655 713-621-2139 fustokpatients@gmail.com Stay up to date on all the latest news and specials from The Institute of Cosmetic Surgery. Email *Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact Virtual Consultations Institute of Cosmetic Surgery by Fustok is offering Virtual Consultations. Consult with Dr. Abdel Fustok from the comfort of your home. LEARN MORE Scroll to Top