Fitbit Blog - Fitbit Blog Products Store Log in Setup View Categories Home Activity Daily Activity Cardio Strength Training Walking Running Yoga Nutrition Recipes Healthy Eating Strategies Snacking Tips Smart Shopping Stress Mindfulness Motivation Sleep Sleep Tips Fitbit’s Sleep Tools Fitbit News Product News & Updates Data Stories Success Stories Naturally Calming Foods to Add to Your Day 3 DIY Home Remedies to Supercharge Your Immune System 6 New Ways to Manage Stress and Anxiety Nutrition January 18, 2023 Combat the Cost of Groceries with a Plan Discover ways to save on groceries without compromising your health. Read More Nutrition January 11, 2023 New Year, Strong You: 3 Recipes for Mental Strength As you set about keeping your goals for the new year, consider how you fuel your brain for the day. These recipes will help you do just that—by promoting brain health, mental strength, and longevity. Read More Fitbit News January 5, 2023 Fitbit’s Year in Review: Which Countries Took Their Health and Fitness to the Next Level in 2022? We look back at which countries crushed 2022 with their impressive Fitbit stats. Read More Stress January 4, 2023 What is the Sober Curious Movement—and Why Is It So Popular? What is “sober curious”, and why is it having such a moment? Find out now. Read More Stress December 29, 2022 Try a Mood Board for Your Fitness and Wellness Resolutions This Year What, exactly, is a mood board, how do they work, and how can you use mood boards to become the happiest, healthiest version of yourself in 2023 (and beyond)? Find out here. Read More Activity December 26, 2022 Should You Try a Ballet-Style Workout? If the last time you took a ballet class was in grade school, it may be time to put on your leotard. Read More Nutrition December 23, 2022 Healthy Recipe: Holiday Hot Pot This healthy take on the traditional Asian specialty hot pot will bring big flavor to the holiday table. Read More Stress December 21, 2022 Here’s How You Can Brighten Winter with the Danish Practice of Hygge Discover the Danish practice of hygge—and how to use it to get through winter on a positive note. Read More Fitbit News, Sleep December 20, 2022 Googler Zahra Barnes Tried Fitbit Premium’s Sleep Profile for Two Months Discover seven things Zahra learned from her experience—and how it impacted her sleep habits. Read More Fitbit News December 19, 2022 Fitbit Research Findings Show that Users Who Meet Physical Activity Recommendations Are Able to Improve Their Resting Heart Rate, Sleep, and More Fitbit research findings show that users who met their Active Zone Minutes and step recommendations were able to lower their resting heart rate and improve their sleep and Stress Management Scores. Find out how. Read More 1 2 3 … 212 Next Search Success Stories Share your success story with Fitbit. Share Popular Articles Bedtime Snacks That Can Help You Get a Better Night’s Sleep Plan on Getting the COVID-19 Vaccine? It’s Crucial to Rest Up—Here’s Why Transform Your Walk into a Fat-Burning Workout Press Relations Retailers Corporate Wellness API Help United States (change) ©2023 Fitbit, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal Terms Privacy Policy Returns & Warranty Wear and Care Recall & Safety Info Cookies & Ad Choices