Home, Above Feeds, Annoucement | Small Wars Journal Skip to main content Home Journal Recent Articles Journal Authors Blog El Centro El Centro Main El Centro Reading List El Centro Links El Centro Fellows About El Centro About Publish Your Work Editorial Policy Mission, Etc. Rights & Permissions Contact Info Support SWJ Join The Team SWJ Books Old Stuff Mad Science News Front Page News Recent News Roundup News by Category Urban Operations Urban Operations Posts Recent Urban Operations Posts Urban Operations by Category Tribal Engagement For Advertisers Foundation Forum User account menu Register Support Us Log in Search Search Search Small Wars Journal “With no other security forces on hand, U.S. military was left to confront, almost alone, an Iraqi insurgency and a crime rate that grew worse throughout the year, waged in part by soldiers of the disbanded army and in part by criminals who were released from prison.”-- John Spratt “For Dave Dilegge and Bill Nagle, founders and editors of Small Wars Journal. They gave the counterguerrilla underground a home, at a time when misguided leaders banned even the word ‘insurgency,’ though busily losing to one. Scholars, warriors, and agitators, Dave and Bill laid the foundation for battlefield success: our generation owes them a debt of gratitude.”-- David Kilcullen ('Counterinsugency' Dedication) “It takes a brave man to be a coward in the Red Army.”-- Joseph Stalin "Slow is smooth, smooth is fast."-- Old MOUT Adage "In 1991 the Gulf War showed everyone how not to fight us, but the 2003 invasion of Iraq showed everybody how to fight us."-- David Kilcullen Home, Above Feeds, Annoucement "Small wars are operations undertaken under executive authority, wherein military force is combined with diplomatic pressure in the internal or external affairs of another state whose government is unstable, inadequate, or unsatisfactory for the preservation of life and of such interests as are determined by the foreign policy of our Nation." — Small Wars Manual, 1940 Small Wars Journal publishes original works from authentic voices across the spectrum of stakeholders in small wars. We also link you to relevant goings on elsewhere. Login with your SWJ Username to comment, or Register, it's free. You can start your own threads in the Small Wars Council discussion board, but note that the board requires a separate Council Username. Follow SWJ on Twitter @smallwars. Journal SWJ Review Essay – Climate Change, Conflict, and (In)Security: Hot Warby Zachary Z. Horsington | Tue, 03/05/2024 - 6:13pm | 0 commentsBook Review Essay by SWJ−El Centro Intern Zachary Z. Horsington on "Climate Change, Conflict, and (In)Security: Hot War." This review essay provides an in-depth examination of this essential book on the critical implications of climate conflict and security. What National Culture Teaches Us About Mission Commandby Kelly Lelito, by Joe Junguzza | Mon, 03/04/2024 - 7:29am | 0 commentsMission Command was made in America. While the formal term Mission Command was not coined until 2003, it has been in practice throughout American military history. Three core tenets of Mission Command are Commander’s Intent, Mutual Trust, and Common Understanding. In essence: Commanders communicate intent; subordinates must understand this intent and then determine how it is best accomplished. A bedrock of mutual trust bolsters and strengthens relationships between commanders and subordinates, and optimizes the execution of commander’s intent on the battlefield. According to Army doctrine, “Mission command is the approach to command and control that empowers subordinate decision making and decentralized execution appropriate to the situation.” Mission Command is how the Joint Force grants agency to the lowest appropriate echelon. “Crippled At The Starting Gate” – America’s Achilles Heel In Future Conflictby Martin Stanton | Tue, 02/27/2024 - 8:41am | 0 comments Due to the decisions of our elected leadership America of 2024 is more vulnerable to outside conventional and unconventional attack than it has been in over 200 years. We’re also in a position where the possibility of conflict with nations who can conventionally and unconventionally attack us grows greater with each passing year. Our open borders, inattention to the illegal alien invasion and inability to monitor our own Western Hemisphere neighbors effectively could cost us hugely, both as open highway for terrorists to attack us and an open flank for enemy nations to exploit. We (the US) need to fix this, fast. A Reconsideration of Women’s Role in Special Operations: Critical Questions, Mooted a Decade After the Factby Al Dhobaba | Mon, 02/19/2024 - 8:02am | 0 commentsIn August of 2023, U.S. Army Special Operations Command (USASOC) updated its 2021 study, "Breaking Barriers: Women in Army Special Operations."1 According to an Army News Service article, the study "outlined 42 recommendations... to better address obstacles facing female Soldiers serving in special operations units and to retain its top talent," and its "findings will guide USASOC in optimizing female warfighters while noting their physical and anatomical differences." The study's focus group responses highlighted "equipment fitting, childcare, gender bias, social support, sexual harassment, pregnancy and postpartum, and morale and wellbeing." According to the USASOC commander, Lieutenant General Jonathan Braga, "Although disappointed by some of the findings and comments in the study, we are committed to addressing these issues with candor and transparency." Organized Crime Groups and their Discourse in Mexico by Chase Whitehouse | Sun, 02/18/2024 - 1:30am | 0 commentsOrganized crime groups (OCGs) in Mexico are some of the most violent and sophisticated active criminal cells. The conflict with the Mexican state, commonly understood to have begun in 2006, has resulted in approximately 400,000 casualties. The focus of this research is the discourse produced by Mexico’s OCGs. The tropes within the discourse projected by these groups present an ominous threat to the legitimacy of the Mexican state. OCGs operate, largely, in the rural areas of Mexico, those with populations that have been, in their eyes, long forgotten by the central government. These groups establish a discourse in which the state is weak, corrupt, and a distant outsider in their communities. Further, the populations of these regions should invest their trust and loyalties to the OCG rather than the state. This paper utilizes available theoretical frameworks to trace the parameters of OCG discourse to better understand how it functionally serves these groups and how it serves to undermine the legitimacy of the Mexican state. In doing so, this paper draws on the teachings of several scholars of the region from various diverse backgrounds. This paper also utilizes data collected from several organizations measuring the mood of the Mexican people surrounding their relationship with their government. Finally, this paper uses available examples of discourse through the works of prominent journalists who work in Mexico. This paper concludes that while these groups do not have a direct objective to replace the state, the discourse they produce to legitimize their activities is expansive in scope and successfully devalues the popular perception of the state. The Ukraine War at Two: Time for some realityby Martin Stanton | Wed, 02/14/2024 - 8:18pm | 0 comments The Ukraine war which the Russians so ill-advisedly began two years ago has been fascinating to watch. Not only for the emergence of new technologies and methods of warfighting but for the sheer grit, determination, and imagination of the Ukrainians in successfully (to a point) fending off their much larger Russian adversaries. The Russians on the other hand put lie to their pre-war claims that they were professionalizing their military by conducting an invasion that looked far more like their ham-handed interventions in Hungary and Czechoslovakia during the 1950s and 1960s than the Red Army’s textbook 1945 campaigns in Germany and Manchuria. For a time, it seemed to many observers (not all of whom were untrained) that the Ukrainians might be able to pull off a complete battlefield victory and eject the Russians from their country entirely. Unfortunately, that optimism perished in the dense minefields north of Tokmak this past summer. The fronts have been frozen (literally and figuratively) for months now, while each side girds itself for the spring. Hamas’ Attack on Israel – an “Improvised Everything” Case Studyby David G. Smith, by Allan O. Steinhardt | Mon, 02/12/2024 - 8:22pm | 0 commentsRecently, and tragically, a case study has unfolded illustrating this modern variant of warfare: Hamas’ attack on Israel. While Hamas certainly used conventional military capabilities in the attack, it was also able to innovate and greatly undercut traditional military development cycle times by using commercial technologies. On October 7, Hamas launched a horrific attack across the Israeli border. The attack contradicted Hamas’ earlier claims that it did not deliberately target civilians. A key part of this attack was based on commercial technology – commercially available drones, pickup trucks, bulldozers, motorcycles, and ATVs – or improvised technology like homemade rockets, combined with widely available military munitions, explosives, and firearms. SWJ El Centro Book Review – Narcas: The Secret Rise of Women in Latin America’s Cartelsby Nathan P. Jones | Tue, 02/06/2024 - 4:03pm | 0 commentsBook Review of Deborah Bonello's "Narcas: The Secret Rise of Women in Latin America’s Cartels" by SWJ−El Centro Senior Fellow Dr. Nathan P. Jones. One Team. One Fightby Keith Nightingale | Thu, 02/01/2024 - 4:44am | 0 comments56 years ago, I was sitting behind a newly ploughed berm at the Xuan Loc Airfield literally repelling hordes of VC as they attempted to storm the city. I was the senior advisor to the 52d Vietnamese Ranger Bn and had just been introduced to the Tet Offensive. Drugs, Elites and Impunity: The Paradoxes of Money Laundering and the “Too-Big-To-Fail” Conceptby Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera, by Charles Lewis, by William Yaworsky | Fri, 01/26/2024 - 4:27pm | 0 commentsThis paper puts forward the thesis that the concept of “Too-Big-To-Fail” functions as a cover for the impunity conferred to financial elites in the United States in cases that also involve transnational organized crime, such as drug trafficking activities and drug-related violence. The authors illustrate their argument by examining the case of the HSBC bank (2012), in which no entity or person suffered a federal conviction for extensive criminal conduct for banking/financial violations that facilitated money laundering by Mexican and Colombian drug trafficking organizations. In Mexico, these criminal enterprises seek political protection through the bribery of public officials. By explaining this case, the authors demonstrate the futility of protecting big banks in related circumstances, and note that larger banking institutions have indeed failed without precipitating a collapse of the economy. The authors conclude with recommendations for reforms to the penalties typically applied in these types of cases facilitating money laundering of criminal groups. Blog Posts 3/5/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Tue, 03/05/2024 - 11:02am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 3/4/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Mon, 03/04/2024 - 10:16am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 3/3/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Sun, 03/03/2024 - 12:20pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 3/2/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Sat, 03/02/2024 - 11:39am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 3/1/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Fri, 03/01/2024 - 8:16am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/29/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Thu, 02/29/2024 - 10:38am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/28/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Wed, 02/28/2024 - 9:22am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/27/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Tue, 02/27/2024 - 8:35am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/26/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentary | Mon, 02/26/2024 - 10:28am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/26/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Mon, 02/26/2024 - 10:27am | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 24-25 FEB 24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Sun, 02/25/2024 - 12:11pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 22-23 FEB 24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Fri, 02/23/2024 - 1:19pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/21/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Wed, 02/21/2024 - 5:07pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/20/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Tue, 02/20/2024 - 5:50pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: 2/19/24 National Security and Korean News and Commentaryby Dave Maxwell | Mon, 02/19/2024 - 5:14pm | 0 commentsAccess National Security News HERE. Access Korean News HERE. National Security News Content: Recent Headlines The Illicit Use of Armed Drones by Transnational Criminal Organizations in Mexico in The 21st Century Requires New Responses by Calhoun: The NPS Institutional Archive The Logic of Rampage Terrorism by Studies in Conflict and Terrorism Casinos and cryptocurrency: major drivers of money laundering, underground banking, and cyberfraud in East and Southeast Asia by UNODC Regional Office for Southeast Asia and the Pacific Artificial Intelligence in Military Planning and Operations by Peace Research Institute Oslo (PRIO) The Use of Uncrewed Aerial Systems by Non-State Armed Groups: Exploring Trends in Africa by UNIDIR Stepping into South East Asia’s Most Conspicuous Criminal Enclave by International Crisis Group Can a War on Crime Bring Relief to Ecuador? by International Crisis Group Is Israel Winning the War on the Tunnels in Gaza? by Foreign Policy Haiti’s Gangs: Can a Foreign Mission Break Their Stranglehold? by International Crisis Group Water increasingly at the center of conflicts from Ukraine to the Middle East by Los Angeles Times Coercive brokers: Militias and urban governance in Rio de Janeiro by Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime The Road to October 7: Hamas’ Long Game, Clarified by CTC Sentinel Drones and Port Security in Brownsville: A Case Study on the Gulf by Homeland Security Today Triads, Snakeheads, and Flying Money: The Underworld of Chinese Criminal Networks in Latin America and the Caribbean by FIU Digital Commons, Research Publication 58 Unraveling Covert Networks: Analysis of Mexican Cartel Alliances by Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy Soldiers and Prisons: Reflections on Military Interventions in the Latin American and Caribbean Prison System. by William J. Perry Center for Hemispheric Defense Studies After death of Russia’s Wagner chief, what happens to his mercenary army? by Los Angeles Times What next for Russia’s Wagner mercenaries? by The Strategist (Australian Strategic Policy Institute) The Use of Similarity-based Algorithms to Predict Links in Mexican Criminal Networks by Rice University’s Baker Institute for Public Policy Transnational Crime and Geopolitical Contestation along the Mekong by International Crisis Group China's Charm Offensive in Latin America and the Caribbean: A comprehensive Analysis of China's strategic Communication Strategy Across the Region [Part III: Image, Academia, and Technology] by FIU Digital Commons, Research Publications 57 China’s Charm Offensive in Latin America and the Caribbean: A Comprehensive Analysis of China’s Strategic Communication Strategy Across the Region [Part II: Influencing the Media] by FIU Digital Commons, Research Publication 56 China's Charm Offensive in Latin America and the Caribbean: A comprehensive Analysis of China's Strategic Communication Strategy Across the Region [Part I: Propaganda and Politics] by FIU Digital Commons, Research Publications 55 Las bandas criminales de 3ª generación: un peligro para Chile by El Mostrador Amazon Underworld: Crime and Corruption in the Shadows of the World’s Largest Rainforest by Amazon Underworld Organised Crime as a Proxy: When Criminals meet Rogue States and Actors in Latin America by RUSI Mexico’s ‘Monster’ Trucks Show Cartels Taking Drug War to Next Level by New York Times Car Bomb Ambush injures at least Ten Guardia Nacional (GN) Agents in Celaya, Guanajuato by C/O Futures Cartel Research Note Series Unintended consequences of state action: how the kingpin strategy transformed the structure of violence in Mexico’s organized crime by Trends in Organized Crime Cártel de Jalisco Nueva Generación (CJNG) Improvised Anti-Vehicle Mine (IAVM) Destroys Mexican Army (SEDENA) Vehicle in Minefield Near Apatzingán, Michoacán by C/O Futures Cartel Research Note Series China's Charm Offensive in Latin America and the Caribbean: A comprehensive Analysis of China's Strategic Communication Strategy Across the Region [Part I: Propaganda and Politics] by Jack D. Gordon Institute for Public Policy, Florida International University War on the coastline: mitigating civilian harm in the littorals by Humanitarian Law & Policy The Fighting in Sudan is an Armed Conflict: Here’s What Law Applies by Just Security Are drug cartels 'terrorist organizations'? US, Mexican leaders have strong opinions by USA Today Leading the Cyber Battle by Wavell Room Policy Brief: Emerging Transnational Organized Crime Threats in Latin America: Converging Criminalized Markets & Illicit Vectors by ICAIE (International Coalition Against Illicit Economies) Maximizing the potential of American irregular warfare in strategic competition by The Hill Opinion: Don’t blur the lines by calling Mexican drug cartels ‘terrorist organizations’ by Los Angeles Times Armed Conflicts Spread Contaminated Water and Disease: Here’s How to Better Protect Civilians by Just Security Deterring the Next Invasion: Applying the Accumulation of Events Theory to Cyberspace by Opinio Juris The next big threat to AI might already be lurking on the web by ZDNET Migrant Caravans: A Deep Dive Into Mass Migration through Mexico and the Effects of Immigration Policy by Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy Managing Risk for Special Operations Forces in Large-Scale Combat Operations by War on the Rocks The grey zone: Russia's military, mercenary and criminal engagement in Africa by Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime Deadly Rio de Janeiro: Armed Violence and the Civilian Burden by ACLED North Korea’s Political Warfare Strategy Has Failed: ROK – U.S. Alliance Needs A Superior Strategy by 1945 Russia and Ukraine battle daily in the sky. So where are the pilots? by NPR Morning Edition In Evaluating Immunities before a Special Tribunal for Aggression Against Ukraine, the Type of Tribunal Matters by Just Security China’s Ferry Tale Taiwan Invasion Plan Is A Legal Nightmare by Forbes China Maritime Report No. 25: More Chinese Ferry Tales: China's Use of Civilian Shipping in Military Activities, 2021-2022 by CMSI China Maritime Reports. Footer menu About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Help Contact ©2005-2020 Small Wars Journal is published by Small Wars Foundation - a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation. Original content is published under a Creative Commons License per our Terms of Use. © Copyright 2024 | Site by 3C Web Services