IFTTT - Automate business & home Explore Solutions AI Tools Smart Home Social Media Lead Management Productivity Customer Communications Lifestyle IFTTT for students Plans Log in Get started Mobile menu Close menu Automation forbusiness and home Save time and get more done Start today and Make your automations more powerful Customize and control your integrations with filter code, queries, multiple actions, and the ability to connect multiple accounts per service. Start trial The leading no-code platform on mobile Automate from anywhere, anytime. Our iOS and Android apps make it simple. The power of connection Make your business and home apps work for you. There are unlimited ways to save time Convert more leads, in record time Never miss another opportunity. Automate, organize and track every single lead. Save time creating compelling content Generate blogs and social media posts by integrating IFTTT AI Content Creator. Cross post to multiple social networks Save time by writing once and posting to multiple networks automatically. Build on IFTTT, it's free Join the 900+ brands already on IFTTT. Integrate and grow with the 27 million user strong IFTTT community. Your brand here Learn more Your brand here Learn more Get every thing working better together Discover all of the Applets and Services that IFTTT supports.Check out our content map. Explore Get the best business tools. Try it free Explore Services Stories Applets Help Center Content Map Search Plans Developer Docs Top Integrations Discord and Instagram iOS Calendar and Notion Google Calendar and Google Sheets Facebook Pages and YouTube SoundCloud and Spotify Slack and Trello AI Summarizer and Vimeo iOS Reminders and Notion Telegram and Twitter Discord and Twitter Latest Stories How to Share Google Calendar with iPhone Shared Location Automations 6 SMS Automations for Helpful Notifications 7 Repetitive Tasks That Small Businesses Should Automate in 2023 How to Use RSS Feeds Best Note Taking Apps How to Use Calendly How to Use NFC Tags for Android & iPhone 6 Philips Hue ideas to Automate Your Home How to Export Airtable to Google Sheets Automatically Developers Careers Partner program Contact Privacy About