Communications of the ACM Skip to content Explore Topics Architecture and Hardware Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Computer History Computing Applications Computing Profession Data and Information Education HCI Security and Privacy Society Software Engineering and Programming Languages Systems and Networking Theory Latest Issue Latest Issue March 2024, Vol. 67 No. 3 Previous Issue February 2024, Vol. 67 No. 2 Explore the archive Search Open Membership Navigation Settings My Topics Bookmarked Articles Sign Out Sign In Join ACM Topics Architecture and Hardware Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Computer History Computing Applications Computing Profession Data and Information Education HCI Security and Privacy Society Software Engineering and Programming Languages Systems and Networking Theory Sections Research Opinion Practice News Careers Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Editorial Staff and Board Submit an Article Alerts & Feeds Author Guidelines CACM Web Account Membership in ACM includes a subscription to Communications of the ACM (CACM), the computing industry's most trusted source for staying connected to the world of advanced computing. Sign In Sign Up Communications of the ACM About Us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Follow Us CACM on Facebook CACM on Twitter CACM on Reddit CACM on LinkedIn News Feb 23 2024 CACM Is Now Open Access Communications of the ACM is now a fully Open Access publication, which means that more than six decades of our renowned research articles, seminal papers, technical… Research Feb 15 2024 Measuring GitHub Copilot’s Impact on Productivity A case study asks Copilot users about the tool’s impact on their productivity, and seeks to find their perceptions mirrored in user data. Albert Ziegler, Eirini Kalliamvakou, X. Alice Li, Andrew Rice, and 4 more authorsAlbert ZieglerEirini KalliamvakouX. Alice LiAndrew RiceDevon RifkinShawn SimisterGanesh SittampalamEdward Aftandilian Computing Profession Research Feb 21 2024 The Internet of Batteryless Things Energy-harvesting systems could reshape the Internet of Things. Saad Ahmed, Bashima Islam, Kasim Sinan Yildirim, Marco Zimmerling, and 6 more authorsSaad AhmedBashima IslamKasim Sinan YildirimMarco ZimmerlingPrzemysław PawełczakMuhammad Hamad AlizaiBrandon LuciaLuca MottolaJacob SorberJosiah Hester Architecture and Hardware Research Jan 26 2024 Energy and Emissions of Machine Learning on Smartphones vs. the Cloud An extensive study from Google finds machine-learning training in the cloud can significantly reduce carbon footprints. David Patterson, Jeffrey M. Gilbert, Marco Gruteser, Efren Robles, and 3 more authorsDavid PattersonJeffrey M. GilbertMarco GruteserEfren RoblesKrishna SekarYong WeiTenghui Zhu Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning More Top Articles Practice Feb 15 2024 Improving Testing of Deep-Learning Systems Harsh Deokuliar, Raghvinder S. Sangwan, Yoaukim Badr, and Satish M. Srinivasan Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning News Feb 15 2024 The Battle to Mitigate E-Waste Logan Kugler Society Opinion Feb 22 2024 Verifying Correctness Leah Hoffmann Computing Profession Practice Feb 21 2024 Software Managers’ Guide to Operational Excellence Kate Matsudaira Computing Applications What We're Reading Hiring in Tech Sector Is Outpacing Job Cuts The Wall Street Journal Announcing the 2024 ACM SIGCHI Awards! Medium Robots and Happy Workers: Productivity Surge Helps Explain U.S. Economy’s Surprising Resilience Associated Press A Few Social Media Influencers Are Shaping AI IEEE Spectrum Patent Applications from Chinese Inventors Surpass U.S. for First Time Axios Improving Traffic Signal Timing with Handful of Connected Vehicles University of Michigan News Prosthetic Limb Helps Amputees Feel the Floor Swissinfo Opinion Explore More Views on issues of broad interest to the computing community Opinion Feb 16 2024 Generative AI Degrades Online Communities Gordon Burtch, Dokyun Lee, and Zhichen Chen Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Opinion Feb 21 2024 U.S. Copyright Office’s Questions about Generative AI Pamela Samuelson Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Opinion Feb 23 2024 Disinformation 2.0 in the Age of AI: A Cybersecurity Perspective Wojciech Mazurczyk, Dongwon Lee, and Andreas Vlachos Security and Privacy BLOG@CACM Explore More Thought leaders discuss relevant computing topics BLOG@CACM Mar 4 2024 How to Navigate Generative AI within the Regulatory Frameworks of Banking and Finance Navigating Generative AI within the regulatory frameworks of banking and finance requires a multidimensional approach. Ranjeeta Bhattacharya Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning BLOG@CACM Feb 16 2024 Rare Circular Slide Rules Slide rules: the longer the scale, the greater the accuracy of the instrument. Herbert Bruderer Architecture and Hardware BLOG@CACM Feb 16 2024 Sensibles of Software Engineering, 1 and 2 Common-sense rules, which projects violate again and again. Bertrand Meyer Architecture and Hardware What Are You Thinking? We rely on an always-changing international community of bloggers. Please recommend a blogger or volunteer yourself as a BLOG@CACM contributor. Contact us at blog@cacm.acm.org. Explore the latest issue Table of Contents Career Opportunities Explore all opportunities Henry and Isabelle Dever Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering – Northwestern University – Evanston, IL ACM Career & Job Center Advanced Computing Technologies Program Manager – Department of Energy, Office of Science – Germantown, MD ACM Career & Job Center Associate Dean – CSULB – Long Beach, CA ACM Career & Job Center Dean of the College of Engineering, Informatics, and Applied Sciences – Northern Arizona University – Flagstaff, AZ ACM Career & Job Center Video Explore more videos Opinion Feb 21 2024 Innovation Is Overrated: A Provocation Digital innovation is not working in the interest of the whole of society. It is time to radically rethink its purpose without sacrificing the benefits it entails. Filippo Gualtiero Blancato Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Opinion Feb 22 2024 Internet of Things Security and Privacy Labels Should Empower Consumers Designs should offer useful information and convenience. Lorrie Faith Cranor, Yuvraj Agarwal, and Pardis Emami-Naeini Security and Privacy Research Jan 8 2024 10 Things Software Developers Should Learn about Learning Understanding how human memory and learning works, the differences between beginners and experts, and practical steps developers can take to improve their learning,… Neil C.C. Brown, Felienne F. J. Hermans, and Lauren E. Margulieux Computing Profession BLOG@CACM Mar 4 2024 How to Navigate Generative AI within the Regulatory Frameworks of Banking and Finance Navigating Generative AI within the regulatory frameworks of banking and finance requires a multidimensional approach. Ranjeeta Bhattacharya Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Shape the Future of Computing ACM encourages its members to take a direct hand in shaping the future of the association. There are more ways than ever to get involved. Get Involved Communications of the ACM (CACM) is now a fully Open Access publication. By opening CACM to the world, we hope to increase engagement among the broader computer science community and encourage non-members to discover the rich resources ACM has to offer. Learn More CACM on Facebook CACM on Twitter CACM on Reddit CACM on LinkedIn Topics Architecture and Hardware Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Computer History Computing Applications Computing Profession Data and Information Education HCI Security and Privacy Society Software Engineering and Programming Languages Systems and Networking Theory Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Editorial Staff and Board Submit an Article Alerts & Feeds Author Guidelines Communications of the ACM About Us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us For Advertisers Join ACM © 2024 Communications of the ACM. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Notice Privacy Policy By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more, please see our Privacy Policy. Close and Accept