Department of Taxation and Finance Skip to main content Your browser will need to support JavaScript to use this site completely. Videos, data, and site search will be disabled or function poorly. Services News Government Main navigation menu Department of Taxation and Finance Search box Log in menu Online services Online Services home Make a payment Request installment payment agreement Individuals Individuals home Free File Income Tax Filing Resource Center Check your refund Respond to a letter Self-employment resource center Businesses Businesses home Sales and use tax Withholding tax Corporation tax Self-employment resource center Other taxes Tax professionals Tax professionals home Registration and education Posting requirements Real property Real property home STAR New homebuyers Municipal Profiles Assessment community Forms and guidance Forms and guidance home Form RP-5217-PDF 2023 Tax tables School district codes Current-year income tax forms Tax data Tax data home Statistics and reports Data set list Municipal Profiles About About us Employment opportunities Leadership Log in Create account Search Tax Search Tax Department of Taxation and Finance You may be eligible to Free File your 2023 income tax return! Depending on your income and other criteria, you may be eligible to use Free File software to e-file your federal and state income tax returns—at no cost. For more information, see Free File your income tax return. To avoid fees, carefully review eligibility criteria for each software provider and access the Free File software directly from our website. Set yourself up for smooth sailing The 2024 income tax season is open. To help you navigate your return, check out our resource center. It has everything you need, from information on getting ready to free e-file options. See resource center To stay in touch throughout the season, subscribe to Tax Tips for Individuals. Income tax returns are due April 15, 2024. What are you looking for? Search Search Popular Services File your return Make a payment Check your refund Register for sales tax Featured Resources Choose an online service We offer a number of online services to fit your busy lifestyle. Check your payment balance, file a return, make a payment, or respond to a department notice—anywhere, anytime. Log in or create an account Learn about STAR benefits for homeowners If you've recently bought a home, or never applied for the STAR benefit on your current home, you should investigate the STAR options available to you. You may save hundreds each year! Visit the STAR resource center Use Sales Tax Web File Log in to your Business Online Services account to Web File your sales tax returns. With Web File, you can schedule payments in advance, save your bank account information for future use, and update your business information. Web file your return Respond to a department notice If you receive a bill or notice, respond online. It's the easiest, fastest way. We'll walk you through the process. Note: If your refund status says we sent you a letter requesting additional information, see Respond to a letter for more information and to review our checklists of acceptable proof. Respond online Watch demos and videos Need help Web Filing your return? Looking for an overview of credits, e-filing, or contesting your property assessment? Check out our demos and videos. We may be able to walk you through the filing process with a video demonstration, or get you up to speed with our educational videos for income, property, and business taxes. View demos and videos View our due dates calendar Looking for your due date? View our calendar of filing due dates for corporation tax, personal income tax, and sales tax. Find your due date What's New Tax facts Tax facts reports the Tax Department’s latest tax information and trends. For information about revenue collections, tax filers, migration, and more: See Tax facts Corporate Tax Reform adopted regulations On December 27, 2023, the Notice of Adoption for the corporate tax reform regulations was published in the State Register. See 2023 Adoptions Featured in March Register as a tax preparer and facilitator The 2024 Tax Preparer and Facilitator Registration application is now available. Tax preparers and facilitators can register for the first time or renew their registration now using the Tax Department’s online application. Register Did you receive mail from us? We've created a resource center to make it easier for you to identify and respond to Tax Department mail. Learn what we're mailing this month, what kinds of letters we send, how to respond, and more! See mail resource center Missed a due date? If you haven't filed and paid your tax, use our penalty and interest calculator to calculate your late filing and late payment penalties and interest. Note: Only use this calculator if you're sending your late return and late payment together. Calculate penalty Review FAQs about filing requirements, residency, and telecommuting This page summarizes current New York state law and guidance relating to frequently asked questions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Read FAQs Updated: January 31, 2024 Department of Taxation and Finance Get help Contact us Help resources Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) Taxpayer Rights Advocate Report fraud Feedback Website Site map Privacy Security Disclaimer About us About us Employment opportunities Press Email policy Accessibility Regulations and regulatory actions Language assistance Language access Español 中文 Русский יידיש বাংলা 한국어 Free interpretation Kreyòl ayisyen Italiano عربى Polski Français اردو Connect with us Subscribe Facebook Twitter YouTube Register To Vote Sign up online or download and mail in your application. Vaccinate NY Get the facts about the COVID-19 vaccine. Donate Life Become an organ donor today! Agencies App Directory Counties Events Programs Services