Nexstar Media Group, Inc. | A Leading Local Media Company With National Reach Skip to content Primary Menu Company Values History Milestones Awards & Accomplishments Remarkable Women Founder’s Day Our Foundation Careers Divisions TV Stations Networks Digital Technology & Operations Nexstar Ad Sales ATSC 3.0 Progress Company News Press Releases Nexstar in the News MEDIA CONTACT Contact Us Investors Corporate Profile Company Officers Board of Directors Stock Information Events and Presentations Annual Reports / SEC Filings Corporate Social Responsibility 2022 ESG Report Letter From Management Board Leadership Structure Board Qualifications Ethics Risk Oversight Stockholder Outreach Journalistic Integrity Consumer Privacy Community Involvement HR Management; Workforce Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Employee Safety/COVID Environmental Improvements Nexstar Reports 2023 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results View Press Release Nexstar Named One of the "21 Most Valuable Media Companies in the World" Read via Insider Monkey Nexstar Launches NEXTGEN TV on WGN Read Press Release Here NewsNation Launches Audio Network Read Press Release Here The CW Reveals New Branding Click to Read via Variety Nexstar Reaches Multi-Year Distribution Agreement With Fubo Read Press Release Here The CW To Become The Exclusive Broadcast Home To WWE NXT Read Press Release Here Nexstar's 2022 ESG Report Read the Report Here Opens in a new window Previous Next Nexstar Media Group, Inc. is a leading diversified media company that produces and distributes engaging local and national news, sports and entertainment content across its television and digital platforms, including more than 310,000 hours of programming produced annually by its business units. Nexstar owns America’s largest local broadcasting group comprised of top network affiliates, with over 200 owned or partner stations in 117 U.S. markets reaching 220 million people. At A Glance over 200 Total Stations 68% U.S. Household Reach $4.93 billion 2023 Net Revenue 120 Local Websites 239 Local Mobile Apps 117 Television Markets A History of Growth During the last 25+ years, Nexstar has grown from a single station to become the nation’s largest local television and media company. The Company’s record of long-term growth reflects its organization-wide commitment to delivering exceptional service to our communities and outstanding results for our advertising partners. A Commitment to Local The Nexstar team is comprised of over 12,400 employees across America united by a common vision, a commitment to localism and a passion for professional excellence. Today, Nexstar delivers unique locally-produced programming and content to more than 68% of U.S. television households, while offering local businesses, advertisers and brands the ability to connect with local consumers through its premium local multi-platform marketing opportunities. Today, Nexstar produces more than 310,000 hours of news, sports, and entertainment programming a year and plans to expand its local programming over the coming year. A Dedication to Digital Nexstar’s leading portfolio of digital products and services deliver the power and reach of digital content publishing, marketing and video advertising to clients and advertisers. Nexstar’s Digital division continues to diversify and expand its offerings with complementary technologies and capabilities including native advertising, social media, ad ops, design, development, and a host of other valuable products and services. Taken together, Nexstar’s digital properties would be among the top ten in the U.S. as ranked by Comscore, Inc. based on online user activity. Nexstar’s television and digital media operations have over 12,400 employees across 117 markets who are committed to delivering superior, trust worthy local news, sports, entertainment programming and content to local viewers while offering businesses and advertisers unparalleled marketing opportunities across screens and devices. “Nexstar’s television and digital media operations have over 12,400 employees across 117 markets who are committed to delivering superior local news, sports, entertainment programming and content to local viewers while offering businesses and advertisers unparalleled marketing opportunities across all screens and devices. Our industry-wide leadership in delivering exceptional service to the local communities in our markets continues to be a key component of our success and long-term growth.” Perry A. Sook, Chairman and CEO Latest News Nexstar Media Group Reports Fourth Quarter Net Revenue of $1.3 Billion NewsNation Signs Ashleigh Banfield to Multi-Year Contract Renewal Nexstar Media Names Chris Pruitt as Vice President and General Manager of its Springfield, Missouri Broadcast and Digital Operations Nexstar Media Appoints Dan Lanzano as Senior Vice President, National Advertising Sales Nexstar Media Group to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences CompanyCompany History Board of Directors Company Milestones News Morgan Stanley 2024 Technology, Media and Telecom Conference – March 6 Nexstar Media Group Reports Fourth Quarter Net Revenue of $1.3 Billion Nexstar Media Group, Inc. 2023 Fourth Quarter Results Webcast NewsNation Signs Ashleigh Banfield to Multi-Year Contract Renewal MoreContact Us Careers Investor Relations Nexstar CC Certification CALM Act Certifications Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Ad Terms and Conditions © 1998-2024, Nexstar Media Group, Inc. | All rights reserved