The Hacker News | #1 Trusted Cybersecurity News Site #1 Trusted Cybersecurity News Platform Followed by 4.50+ million      Get the Free Newsletter  Home  Newsletter  Webinars Home Data Breaches Cyber Attacks Vulnerabilities Webinars Store Contact    Resources Webinars THN Store Free eBooks About Site About THN Jobs Advertise with us Contact/Tip Us  Reach out to get featured—contact us to send your exclusive story idea, research, hacks, or ask us a question or leave a comment/feedback! Follow Us On Social Media       RSS Feeds  Email Alerts  Telegram Channel The Hacker News | #1 Trusted Cybersecurity News Site Over 225,000 Compromised ChatGPT Credentials Up for Sale on Dark Web Markets Mar 05, 2024 Malware / Artificial Intelligence More than 225,000 logs containing compromised OpenAI ChatGPT credentials were made available for sale on underground markets between January and October 2023, new findings from Group-IB show. These credentials were found within information stealer logs associated with LummaC2, Raccoon, and RedLine stealer malware. "The number of infected devices decreased slightly in mid- and late summer but grew significantly between August and September," the Singapore-headquartered cybersecurity company said in its Hi-Tech Crime Trends 2023/2024 report published last week. Between June and October 2023, more than 130,000 unique hosts with access to OpenAI ChatGPT were infiltrated, a 36% increase over what was observed during the first five months of 2023. The breakdown by the top three stealer families is below - LummaC2 - 70,484 hosts Raccoon - 22,468 hosts RedLine - 15,970 hosts "The sharp increase in the number of ChatGPT credentials for sale is due to the overall rise in the numbe Warning: Thread Hijacking Attack Targets IT Networks, Stealing NTLM Hashes Mar 05, 2024 Email Security / Network Security The threat actor known as TA577 has been observed using ZIP archive attachments in phishing emails with an aim to steal NT LAN Manager ( NTLM ) hashes. The new attack chain "can be used for sensitive information gathering purposes and to enable follow-on activity," enterprise security firm Proofpoint said in a Monday report. At least two campaigns taking advantage of this approach were observed on February 26 and 27, 2024, the company added. The phishing waves disseminated thousands of messages and targeted hundreds of organizations across the world. The messages themselves appeared as responses to previous emails, a known technique called thread hijacking, in a bid to increase the likelihood of the attacks' success. The ZIP attachments come with an HTML file that's designed to contact an actor-controlled Server Message Block (SMB) server. "TA577's objective is to capture NTLMv2 Challenge/Response pairs from the SMB server to steal NTLM hashes based on characteristics of Critical JetBrains TeamCity On-Premises Flaws Could Lead to Server Takeovers Mar 05, 2024 Vulnerability / Network Security A new pair of security vulnerabilities have been disclosed in JetBrains TeamCity On-Premises software that could be exploited by a threat actor to take control of affected systems. The flaws, tracked as CVE-2024-27198 (CVSS score: 9.8) and CVE-2024-27199 (CVSS score: 7.3), have been addressed in version 2023.11.4. They impact all TeamCity On-Premises versions through 2023.11.3. "The vulnerabilities may enable an unauthenticated attacker with HTTP(S) access to a TeamCity server to bypass authentication checks and gain administrative control of that TeamCity server," JetBrains said in an advisory released Monday. TeamCity Cloud instances have already been patched against the two flaws. Cybersecurity firm Rapid7, which discovered and reported the issues on February 20, 2024, said CVE-2024-27198 is a case of authentication bypass that allows for a complete compromise of a susceptible server by a remote unauthenticated attacker. "Compromising a TeamCity server allows an attacker fu NIST Cybersecurity Framework: Your Go-To Cybersecurity Standard is ChangingArmorPointCybersecurity / Risk ManagementFind everything you need to know to prepare for NIST CSF 2.0's impending release in this guide. How Cybercriminals are Exploiting India's UPI for Money Laundering Operations Mar 04, 2024 Cybercrime / Mobile Security Cybercriminals are using a network of hired money mules in India using an Android-based application to orchestrate a massive money laundering scheme. The malicious application, called XHelper , is a "key tool for onboarding and managing these money mules," CloudSEK researchers Sparsh Kulshrestha, Abhishek Mathew, and Santripti Bhujel said in a report. Details about the scam first emerged in late October 2023, when Chinese cyber criminals were found to take advantage of the fact that Indian Unified Payments Interface ( UPI ) service providers operate without coverage under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) to initiate illegal transactions under the guise of offering an instant loan. The ill-gotten proceeds from the operation are transferred to other accounts belonging to hired mules, who are recruited from Telegram in return for commissions ranging from 1-2% of the total transaction amounts. "Central to this operation are Chinese payment gateways ex From 500 to 5000 Employees - Securing 3rd Party App-Usage in Mid-Market Companies Mar 04, 2024 SaaS Security / Vulnerability Assessment A company's lifecycle stage, size, and state have a significant impact on its security needs, policies, and priorities. This is particularly true for modern mid-market companies that are either experiencing or have experienced rapid growth. As requirements and tasks continue to accumulate and malicious actors remain active around the clock, budgets are often stagnant at best. Yet, it is crucial to keep track of the tools and solutions that employees are introducing, the data and know-how shared through these tools, and to ensure that these processes are secure. This need is even more pronounced in today's dynamic and interconnected world, where third-party applications and solutions can be easily accessed and onboarded. The potential damage of losing control over the numerous applications with access and permissions to your data requires no explanation. Security leaders in mid-market companies face a unique set of challenges that demand a distinct approach to overcome. To begin Over 100 Malicious AI/ML Models Found on Hugging Face Platform Mar 04, 2024 AI Security / Vulnerability As many as 100 malicious artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML) models have been discovered in the Hugging Face platform. These include instances where loading a pickle file leads to code execution, software supply chain security firm JFrog said. "The model's payload grants the attacker a shell on the compromised machine, enabling them to gain full control over victims' machines through what is commonly referred to as a 'backdoor,'" senior security researcher David Cohen said . "This silent infiltration could potentially grant access to critical internal systems and pave the way for large-scale data breaches or even corporate espionage, impacting not just individual users but potentially entire organizations across the globe, all while leaving victims utterly unaware of their compromised state." Specifically, the rogue model initiates a reverse shell connection to 210.117.212[.]93, an IP address that belongs to the Korea Research 6 Ways to Simplify SaaS Identity GovernanceFeb 21, 2024SaaS Security / Identity Management With SaaS applications now making up the vast majority of technology used by employees in most organizations, tasks related to identity governance need to happen across a myriad of individual SaaS apps. This presents a huge challenge for centralized IT teams who are ultimately held responsible for managing and securing app access, but can't possibly become experts in the nuances of the native security settings and access controls for hundreds (or thousands) of apps. And, even if they could, the sheer volume of tasks would easily bury them. Modern IT teams need a way to orchestrate and govern SaaS identity governance by engaging the application owners in the business who are most familiar with how the tool is used, and who needs what type of access. Nudge Security is a SaaS security and governance solution that can help you do just that, with automated workflows to save time and make the process manageable at scale. Read on to learn how it works. 1 . Discover all SaaS apps used b Phobos Ransomware Aggressively Targeting U.S. Critical Infrastructure Mar 04, 2024 Malware / Cyber Attack U.S. cybersecurity and intelligence agencies have warned of Phobos ransomware attacks targeting government and critical infrastructure entities, outlining the various tactics and techniques the threat actors have adopted to deploy the file-encrypting malware. "Structured as a ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS) model, Phobos ransomware actors have targeted entities including municipal and county governments, emergency services, education, public healthcare, and critical infrastructure to successfully ransom several million in U.S. dollars," the government said . The advisory comes from the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center (MS-ISAC). Active since May 2019, multiple variants of Phobos ransomware have been identified to date, namely Eking, Eight, Elbie, Devos, Faust, and Backmydata. Late last year, Cisco Talos revealed that the threat actors behind the 8B U.S. Court Orders NSO Group to Hand Over Pegasus Spyware Code to WhatsApp Mar 02, 2024 Spyware / Privacy A U.S. judge has ordered NSO Group to hand over its source code for Pegasus and other remote access trojans to Meta as part of the social media giant's ongoing litigation against the Israeli spyware vendor. The decision marks a major legal victory for Meta, which filed the lawsuit in October 2019 for using its infrastructure to distribute the spyware to approximately 1,400 mobile devices between April and May. This also included two dozen Indian activists and journalists. These attacks leveraged a then zero-day flaw in the instant messaging app ( CVE-2019-3568 , CVSS score: 9.8), a critical buffer overflow bug in the voice call functionality, to deliver Pegasus by merely placing a call, even in scenarios where the calls were left unanswered. In addition, the attack chain included steps to erase the incoming call information from the logs in an attempt to sidestep detection. Court documents released late last month show that NSO Group has been asked to "produce U.S. Charges Iranian Hacker, Offers $10 Million Reward for Capture Mar 02, 2024 Cybercrime / Social Engineering The U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) on Friday unsealed an indictment against an Iranian national for his alleged involvement in a multi-year cyber-enabled campaign designed to compromise U.S. governmental and private entities. More than a dozen entities are said to have been targeted, including the U.S. Departments of the Treasury and State, defense contractors that support U.S. Department of Defense programs, and an accounting firm and a hospitality company, both based in New York. Alireza Shafie Nasab, 39, claimed to be a cybersecurity specialist for a company named Mahak Rayan Afraz while participating in a persistent campaign targeting the U.S. from at least in or about 2016 through or about April 2021. "As alleged, Alireza Shafie Nasab participated in a cyber campaign using spear-phishing and other hacking techniques to infect more than 200,000 victim devices, many of which contained sensitive or classified defense information," said U.S. Attorney Damian Williams for the So Next Page  State of AI in the Cloud 2024Find out what 150,000+ cloud accounts revealed about the AI surge.Read the Report Goodbye, Atlassian Server. Goodbye… Backups?Protect your data on Atlassian Cloud from disaster with daily backups and on-demand restores.Get Cloud Backups Trending News U.S. Court Orders NSO Group to Hand Over Pegasus Spyware Code to WhatsApp How to Use Tines's SOC Automation Capability Matrix U.S. Charges Iranian Hacker, Offers $10 Million Reward for Capture Phobos Ransomware Aggressively Targeting U.S. Critical Infrastructure New Silver SAML Attack Evades Golden SAML Defenses in Identity Systems Five Eyes Agencies Warn of Active Exploitation of Ivanti Gateway Vulnerabilities GTPDOOR Linux Malware Targets Telecoms, Exploiting GPRS Roaming Networks FBI Warns U.S. Healthcare Sector of Targeted BlackCat Ransomware Attacks Popular Resources End Alert Fatigue with Myrror – Ultimate Shield Against Supply Chain Threats New Report Reveals How to Analyze Misidentified SaaS Security Gaps Your SaaS Apps Could Be Leaking Data. This CISO's Guide Shows How Attackers Have Upgraded - Shouldn't You? (Read Latest Threat Report) Cybersecurity Resources Discover How to Leverage AI to Prevent Cyber RisksOur guide helps you understand AI security misconceptions, risk assessment strategies for AI features, third-party security, and AI governance. Enter the Passwordless & Keyless Future of Access ManagementReduce risks, costs & complexity of passwords and keys. Learn how to become credential-less in this whitepaper. AWS Security Best PracticesImprove your security posture across your AWS footprint with this checklist. Securing U.S. Infrastructure Amid Volt Typhoon ThreatAfter China's Volt Typhoon cyber threat, cyberspace experts urge collaboration. Join 120,000+ Professionals Sign up for free and start receiving your daily dose of cybersecurity news, insights and tips. Email Connect with us! 910,000 Followers 550,100 Followers 22,000 Subscribers 147,000 Followers 1,950,000 Followers 124,000 Subscribers Company About THN Advertise with us Contact Pages Webinars Deals Store Privacy Policy Deals Hacking Development Android  RSS Feeds  Contact Us © The Hacker News, 2023. All Rights Reserved.