Exoplanet Exploration: Planets Beyond our Solar System Opens in a new window Opens an external site Opens an external site in a new window Toggle navigation Close audio options Play video Close modal Previous Next Toggle audio voice over Toggle ambient music NASA Exoplanet Exploration Skip Navigation menu close modal Discovery Alert: A 'Super-Earth' in the Habitable Zone A 'super-Earth' orbits at a distance from its star that might allow liquid water on its surface, making it a potential candidate for future investigation of its atmosphere. Read more › READ MORE Discovery Alert: An Earth-sized World With a Lava Hemisphere In a system with two known planets, astronomers spotted something new. It was another planet: extra hot and Earth-sized. More › More Seeing, Believing: 15 Years of Exoplanet Images The direct image of a planet orbiting this star, Beta Pictoris, helped open a new window on exoplanet astronomy. Read more › READ MORE Discovery Alert: Watch the Synchronized Dance of a 6-Planet System Six "sub-Neptunes" orbit their star in a rhythmic pattern that is readily set to music – and could hold secrets to the system's formation. Read more › READ MORE Discovery Alert: Glowing Cloud Points to Cosmic Collison Scientists find that a cloud that dimmed a star for 500 days was caused by a cataclysmic collision of two giant exoplanets. More › More Exoplanets Last update: March 5, 2024 i Confirmed Planets that have been validated by two or more discovery methods. i NASA Candidates NASA mission discoveries that could be planets, but are unconfirmed. i Planetary Systems The number of stars with confirmed planets. click to expand Glossary FAQ Confirmed Planets that have been validated by two or more discovery methods. NASA Candidates NASA mission discoveries that could be planets, but are unconfirmed. Planetary Systems The number of stars with confirmed planets. expand News and Features How did we get here? How do stars and planets come into being? What happens during a star’s life, and what fate will its planets meet when it dies? Come along on this interstellar journey through time. Life and Death of a Planetary System Astronomers capture a direct image of a multi-planet system around a Sun-like star, the first of its kind. Discovery Alert: Two Planets Orbit a Sun-like Star When we talk about the enormity of the cosmos, it’s hard to wrap our minds around just how large, how far and how numerous celestial bodies really are. Also, what's a light-year anyway? Our video can help! How Big Is Space? Open a window on the worlds of the solar system and beyond — right from your own home — with videos, VR tours, podcasts and hands-on activities for the whole family. Let NASA Bring the Universe into Your Home Grab crayons, paint or colored pencils and shade in the hues of rocky terrain, lava oceans and more with our downloadable exoplanet coloring book in English and Spanish. Color With NASA Check out our interactive spacecraft model and see the latest stats from the mission. Explore TESS, NASA's Latest Planet Hunter With new NASA apps, you can take a selfie in space or tour a system of alien planets. Share Space Selfies and Tour Exoplanet Surfaces The seven Earth-size planets of TRAPPIST-1 are all mostly made of rock, with some having the potential to hold more water than Earth, according to a new study published in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics. New clues to compositions of TRAPPIST-1 planets New results from the 229th American Astronomical Society meeting reveal that Earth-sized planets can be made of minerals that are distinctly not Earth-like. Can garnet planets be habitable? The ASTERIA satellite, currently in low-Earth orbit, is only slightly larger than a box of cereal, but it could help astrophysicists study planets orbiting other stars. Astrophysics CubeSat demonstrates big potential in a small package NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite sent back a stunning sequence of serendipitous images showing the motion of a comet. NASA’s planet-hunting TESS catches a comet before starting science Scientists used NASA's Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes to find water "fingerprints" in the atmosphere of a hot, bloated, Saturn-mass exoplanet some 700 light-years away. NASA finds a large amount of water in an exoplanet's atmosphere NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS), which will scan the skies to look for planets beyond our solar system—known as exoplanets—is now in Florida to begin preparations for launch in April. 10 things: Exoplanets 101 A star among planet hunters, Natalie Batalha wields a formidable weapon: NASA’s Kepler space telescope. Role models, footsteps, and the search for life A giant 'Tatooine' discovered by NASA's Kepler mission is the largest world yet discovered that circles two stars. New planet is largest discovered that orbits two suns A discovery one-ups Tatooine by finding twin stars which host three giant exoplanets. Three giant worlds found orbiting twin suns The Exoplanet Exploration website won its first People's Voice Award in the Weird category. NASA web sites, social media honored in 2018 Webby Awards NASA's efforts in digital communications have been recognized with nominations for six Webby Awards, the highest honor for online communications. NASA nominated for six 2018 Webby Awards The mission is the next step in NASA’s search for planets outside our solar system. NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite arrives at Kennedy Space Center for launch Our nearest neighboring star Proxima Centauri bears a startling resemblance to our own sun, raising questions about conditions on its Earth-sized planet. Proxima Centauri might be more sunlike than we thought "I think when you find a question you’re interested in pursuing, be brave and pursue it." The co-lead of NASA’s Kepler space telescope, Jessie Dotson, has pursued asteroids and exoplanets, and a lot more besides. A fearless astronomer behind a game-changing telescope NASA's James Webb Space telescope will now revise its 2019 launch window to approximately May 2020. New launch window under review Hubble reveals that at least three of the TRAPPIST-1 planets do not seem to contain puffy, hydrogen-rich atmospheres similar to gaseous planets such as Neptune. Hubble probes atmospheres of exoplanets in TRAPPIST-1 habitable zone Astronomers have discovered two planets using NASA's Kepler telescope: a super Earth inferno and its Neptune-like companion. Discovery alert! Iron-made super Earth The knowledge and tools NASA has developed to study life on Earth will be a great asset to the study of planets beyond our solar system. Our living planet shapes the search for life beyond Earth A super Earth that scorches in extreme heat because it circles so close to its star. Discovery alert! A sizzling super Earth NASA researchers say they have passed a major milestone in their quest to detect the atmospheres of giant planets outside our solar system. NASA team passes major technological milestone for characterizing exoplanets The first science targets for the powerful Webb telescope have been announced, and they include the TRAPPIST-1 system. Icy moons, galaxy clusters, and distant worlds! Oh my! The flying SOFIA telescope has found a planetary system that has similar architecture to our own, in the system Epsilon Eridani. SOFIA confirms nearby planetary system is similar to our own NASA has selected 28 fellows for its prestigious Einstein, Hubble and Sagan fellowships. NASA announces astronomy and astrophysics fellows for 2017 A team of scientists led by the Carnegie Institution for Science has released the largest collection of observations for hunting exoplanets to the public. Scientists make huge dataset of nearby stars available to public University of Warwick researchers have identified a white dwarf pulsar – a star type which has eluded astronomers for half a century. Mysterious white dwarf pulsar discovered The vortex coronagraph has the potential to image planetary systems closer to their host stars than any other instrument in the world. New planet imager delivers first science Go beyond what's possible; that's the Spitzer Space Telescope's motto. Designed for a two-year mission, 13 years later it's still searching the skies for new discoveries. Spitzer Space Telescope begins 'Beyond' phase The relatively nearby planet GJ 1132b may have an atmosphere despite being baked to a temperature of around 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Venus-like exoplanet might have oxygen atmosphere, but not life Astronomers have pinpointed which planets discovered by the NASA Kepler mission may sustain liquid water on their surfaces. Astronomers help focus research in the search for another Earth To find Earth-like planets, NASA will face a challenge that seems impossible: build a space telescope so stable, it moves less than the width of an atom. The next generation of telescopes are almost impossibly accurate A young star's stellar outburst brings its water snow line into view. The bizarre idea of snow orbiting in space is fundamental to planet formation. Snow line discovered in bright baby solar system Astronomers from UC Santa Cruz have found the first strong evidence of water vapor or ice in the the coldest known object outside our solar system– a brown dwarf five times the size of Jupiter. Astronomers find water clouds in cold Jupiter-like object How do some gas giant planets end up so feverishly close to their stars? NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope finds new clues. In space 'Jupiter' planets burn hot, not cold The organic molecule methyl alcohol (methanol) has been found for the first time in a young planet-forming disc. First detection of methyl alcohol in a planet-forming disc A team of astronomers has found that there are far more planets of the hot Jupiter type than expected in a dense cluster of stars called Messier 67. Unexpected excess of giant planets in star cluster Venus has an “electric wind” that may have played a significant role in stripping Earth’s twin planet of its oceans. ‘Electric wind’ can strip potential Earths of oceans, atmospheres New research suggests that aging stars can warm previously frozen Hoth-like planets into supporting life. Giant red stars may heat frozen worlds into habitable planets all news The Search for Life Finding potential life-bearing worlds among the stars is NASA's next big challenge. Exoplanets 101 Habitable Zones Life Signs Inventing the Future The Search for Life Finding potential life-bearing worlds among the stars is NASA's next big challenge. Exoplanets 101 What is an exoplanet? Where are they located and how do we find them? Learn more about Exoplanets 101 › Habitable Zones Where's the best place to look for life-bearing planets among the stars? Learn more about Habitable Zones › Life Signs Find evidence of life on distant planets will require advanced technology and a little luck. Learn more about Life Signs › Inventing the Future Learn about the futuristic technology NASA is developing to explore alien worlds. Learn more about Inventing the Future › Ask a Question Stay Connected Exoplanet Exploration Program NASA's science, technology and mission management office for the exploration of exoplanets. The program's primary goals, as described in the 2014 NASA Science Plan, are to discover planets around other stars, to characterize their properties and to identify planets that could harbor life. Program Home Explore Alien Worlds Exoplanet Travel Bureau This set of travel posters envision a day when the creativity of scientists and engineers will allow us to do things we can only dream of now. Strange New Worlds Explore an interactive gallery of some of the most intriguing and exotic planets discovered so far. Historic Timeline A planetary tour through time. The ancients debated the existence of planets beyond our own; now we know of thousands. Stay Connected What is an Exoplanet? Overview In Depth Planet Types Stars What is the Universe? The Search For Life The Big Questions Are We Alone? Can We Find Life? The Habitable Zone Why We Search Discovery Discoveries Dashboard How We Find and Characterize Missions People Exoplanet Catalog Explore The Exoplaneteers Exoplanet Travel Bureau 5 Ways to Find a Planet Eyes on Exoplanets Strange New Worlds Historic Timeline Kepler Timeline Universe of Monsters Galaxy of Horrors More Multimedia Resources News & Features Blog Glossary Citizen Science For Scientists Exoplanet Exploration Program Science Mission Directorate Feedback | Sitemap Managed by the Exoplanet Exploration Program and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory for NASA’s Astrophysics Division Science Writer: Pat Brennan Site Editor: Kristen Walbolt Manager: Travis Schirner