Home | JFK Library Skip past main navigation Menu Donate Learn About JFK Life of John F. Kennedy Life of Jacqueline B. Kennedy JFK in History Historic Speeches The Kennedy Family Media Galleries Interactives Education Teachers School Visits Students Profile in Courage Essay Contest Adults Families Interactives Hemingway at the JFK Explore Hemingway's Life & Works Search Hemingway at the JFK Hemingway Events Hemingway Exhibits Friends of the Hemingway Collection Research in the Hemingway Collection About Hemingway at the JFK Visit Plan Your Trip Visiting Safely FAQ Reserve Tickets Online Hours and Admission Getting Here Museum Calendar Accessibility Groups Museum Store Host an Event Event Photo Gallery Spaces and Fees Weddings Catering Rehearsal Dinners and Personal Events Audio-Visual Services Policies and Procedures Exhibits Exhibits Permanent Exhibits Special Exhibits Past Exhibits Virtual Exhibits Research Collections Archives Ask an Archivist About Archival Collections Search Collections Plan a Research Visit Research Support Services Other Resources Research Fellowships & Grants Ernest Hemingway Collection JFK Library Archives Blog Museum About the Museum Collection Explore the Collection Events & Awards Events & Awards Museum Calendar Kennedy Library Forums Celebrate! Family Programming Profile in Courage Award Profile in Courage Essay Contest About Us About Us About the JFK Library About the JFK Library Foundation News and Press Jobs, Internships & Volunteers Social Media, Podcasts, and Apps Contact Us Privacy, Terms, Accessibility Join and Support Make a Gift Become a Member New Frontier Network Friends of the Hemingway Collection Planned Giving Profile in Courage Award Gala Corporate Sponsorship More Ways to Give Accessibility Press Museum Store Search Donate Learn About JFK Life of John F. Kennedy Life of Jacqueline B. Kennedy JFK in History Historic Speeches The Kennedy Family Media Galleries Interactives Education Teachers School Visits Students Profile in Courage Essay Contest Adults Families Hemingway at the JFK Explore Hemingway's Life & Works Search Hemingway at the JFK Hemingway Events Hemingway Exhibits Friends of the Hemingway Collection Research in the Hemingway Collection About Hemingway at the JFK Visit Plan Your Trip Visiting Safely FAQ Reserve Tickets Online Hours and Admission Getting Here Museum Calendar Accessibility Groups Museum Store Host an Event Event Photo Gallery Spaces and Fees Weddings Catering Rehearsal Dinners and Personal Events Audio-Visual Services Policies and Procedures Exhibits Permanent Exhibits Special Exhibits Past Exhibits Virtual Exhibits John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Research Collections Archives Ask an Archivist About Archival Collections Search Collections Plan a Research Visit Research Support Services Other Resources Research Fellowships & Grants Ernest Hemingway Collection JFK Library Archives Blog Museum About the Museum Collection Explore the Collection Events & Awards Museum Calendar Kennedy Library Forums Celebrate! Family Programming Profile in Courage Award Profile in Courage Essay Contest About Us About Us About the JFK Library About the JFK Library Foundation News and Press Jobs, Internships & Volunteers Social Media, Podcasts, and Apps Contact Us Privacy, Terms, Accessibility Join and Support Make a Gift Become a Member New Frontier Network Friends of the Hemingway Collection Planned Giving Profile in Courage Award Gala Corporate Sponsorship More Ways to Give Don't Miss Explore curated content and virtual and in-person programs. Celebrate! Family Programming› Kennedy Library Forums› Stay Connected› 2024 Profile in Courage Award Honor someone who's shown political courage Nominate Now Service and Sacrifice: World War II—A Shared Experience Special Exhibit Learn More Visit Open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Closed on Wednesdays in January and February. Plan Your Trip › Group Visit › Research Room › Reserve Tickets Advanced timed entry tickets are available and encouraged. Tickets may also be purchased on site. Select a Date Museum Store Purchases benefit the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum and our programs. Visit the Store Become a Member Members enjoy advance notice of events, a discount in the museum store, and free admission to this and ALL Presidential Libraries. Learn More Stay Connected Subscribe to our email newsletter to receive updates on events, programming, and more. Email First Name Last Name By submitting this form, you are granting: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, Columbia Point, Boston, Massachusetts, 02125, United States, http://www.jfklibrary.org permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Pardot. pardot_extra_field Learn The John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum is dedicated to the memory of our nation's thirty-fifth president and to all those who through the art of politics seek a new and better world. More Topics › Life of JFK The 35th President Learn More Interactives Interactive experiences Learn More Media Galleries Photos, videos and more View photos Teachers Educational resources Learn More Profile in Courage Essay Contest For high school students Learn more Archival Collections Search Collections Search Ernest Hemingway Collection Learn More Plan a Visit Learn more The John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum is dedicated to the memory of our nation's thirty-fifth president and to all those who through the art of politics seek a new and better world. Columbia Point, Boston MA 02125 | (617) 514-1600‍ Open 10 A.M to 5 P.M. | Free parking Contact Us Visit Explore the Archives Education Hemingway at the JFK JFK35 Podcast About the Library About the Foundation FOIA Facebook Instagram LinkedIn TikTok X (formerly Twitter) YouTube The John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum is one of 15 presidential libraries administered by the National Archives and Records Administration. This website is hosted and maintained by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. Close Close