MDPI - Publisher of Open Access Journals Journals Active Journals Find a Journal Proceedings Series Topics Information For Authors For Reviewers For Editors For Librarians For Publishers For Societies For Conference Organizers Open Access Policy Institutional Open Access Program Special Issues Guidelines Editorial Process Research and Publication Ethics Article Processing Charges Awards Testimonials Author Services Initiatives Sciforum MDPI Books Preprints.org Scilit SciProfiles Encyclopedia JAMS Proceedings Series About Overview Contact Careers News Press Blog Sign In / Sign Up Notice You can make submissions to other journals here. clear Notice You are accessing a machine-readable page. In order to be human-readable, please install an RSS reader. Continue Cancel clear All articles published by MDPI are made immediately available worldwide under an open access license. No special permission is required to reuse all or part of the article published by MDPI, including figures and tables. For articles published under an open access Creative Common CC BY license, any part of the article may be reused without permission provided that the original article is clearly cited. For more information, please refer to https://www.mdpi.com/openaccess. Feature papers represent the most advanced research with significant potential for high impact in the field. A Feature Paper should be a substantial original Article that involves several techniques or approaches, provides an outlook for future research directions and describes possible research applications. Feature papers are submitted upon individual invitation or recommendation by the scientific editors and must receive positive feedback from the reviewers. Editor’s Choice articles are based on recommendations by the scientific editors of MDPI journals from around the world. Editors select a small number of articles recently published in the journal that they believe will be particularly interesting to readers, or important in the respective research area. The aim is to provide a snapshot of some of the most exciting work published in the various research areas of the journal. Original Submission Date Received: . You seem to have javascript disabled. Please note that many of the page functionalities won't work as expected without javascript enabled. clear zoom_out_map search menu Journals Active Journals Find a Journal Proceedings Series Topics Information For Authors For Reviewers For Editors For Librarians For Publishers For Societies For Conference Organizers Open Access Policy Institutional Open Access Program Special Issues Guidelines Editorial Process Research and Publication Ethics Article Processing Charges Awards Testimonials Author Services Initiatives Sciforum MDPI Books Preprints.org Scilit SciProfiles Encyclopedia JAMS Proceedings Series About Overview Contact Careers News Press Blog Sign In / Sign Up Submit Advancing Open Science for more than 25 years Supporting academic communities since 1996 Search for Articles: Title / Keyword Author / Affiliation / Email Journal All Journals Acoustics Acta Microbiologica Hellenica Actuators Administrative Sciences Adolescents Advances in Respiratory Medicine (ARM) Aerobiology Aerospace Agriculture AgriEngineering Agrochemicals Agronomy AI Air Algorithms Allergies Alloys Analytica Analytics Anatomia Anesthesia Research Animals Antibiotics Antibodies Antioxidants Applied Biosciences Applied Mechanics Applied Microbiology Applied Nano Applied Sciences Applied System Innovation (ASI) AppliedChem AppliedMath Aquaculture Journal Architecture Arthropoda Arts Astronomy Atmosphere Atoms Audiology Research Automation Axioms Bacteria Batteries Behavioral Sciences Beverages Big Data and Cognitive Computing (BDCC) BioChem Bioengineering Biologics Biology Biology and Life Sciences Forum Biomass Biomechanics BioMed Biomedicines BioMedInformatics Biomimetics Biomolecules Biophysica Biosensors BioTech Birds Blockchains Brain Sciences Buildings Businesses C Cancers Cardiogenetics Catalysts Cells Ceramics Challenges ChemEngineering Chemistry Chemistry Proceedings Chemosensors Children Chips CivilEng Clean Technologies (Clean Technol.) Climate Clinical and Translational Neuroscience (CTN) Clinics and Practice Clocks & Sleep Coasts Coatings Colloids and Interfaces Colorants Commodities Complications Compounds Computation Computer Sciences & Mathematics Forum Computers Condensed Matter Conservation Construction Materials Corrosion and Materials Degradation (CMD) Cosmetics COVID Crops Cryptography Crystals Current Issues in Molecular Biology (CIMB) Current Oncology Dairy Data Dentistry Journal Dermato Dermatopathology Designs Diabetology Diagnostics Dietetics Digital Disabilities Diseases Diversity DNA Drones Drugs and Drug Candidates (DDC) Dynamics Earth Ecologies Econometrics Economies Education Sciences Electricity Electrochem Electronic Materials Electronics Emergency Care and Medicine Encyclopedia Endocrines Energies Eng Engineering Proceedings Entropy Environmental Sciences Proceedings Environments Epidemiologia Epigenomes European Burn Journal (EBJ) European Journal of Investigation in Health, Psychology and Education (EJIHPE) Fermentation Fibers FinTech Fire Fishes Fluids Foods Forecasting Forensic Sciences Forests Fossil Studies Foundations Fractal and Fractional (Fractal Fract) Fuels Future Future Internet Future Pharmacology Future Transportation Galaxies Games Gases Gastroenterology Insights Gastrointestinal Disorders Gastronomy Gels Genealogy Genes Geographies GeoHazards Geomatics Geosciences Geotechnics Geriatrics Gout, Urate, and Crystal Deposition Disease (GUCDD) Grasses Hardware Healthcare Hearts Hemato Hematology Reports Heritage Histories Horticulturae Hospitals Humanities Humans Hydrobiology Hydrogen Hydrology Hygiene Immuno Infectious Disease Reports Informatics Information Infrastructures Inorganics Insects Instruments International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (IJERPH) International Journal of Financial Studies (IJFS) International Journal of Molecular Sciences (IJMS) International Journal of Neonatal Screening (IJNS) International Journal of Plant Biology (IJPB) International Journal of Translational Medicine (IJTM) International Journal of Turbomachinery, Propulsion and Power (IJTPP) International Medical Education (IME) Inventions IoT ISPRS International Journal of Geo-Information (IJGI) J Journal of Ageing and Longevity (JAL) Journal of Cardiovascular Development and Disease (JCDD) Journal of Clinical & Translational Ophthalmology (JCTO) Journal of Clinical Medicine (JCM) Journal of Composites Science (J. Compos. Sci.) Journal of Cybersecurity and Privacy (JCP) Journal of Developmental Biology (JDB) Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Analyses (JETA) Journal of Functional Biomaterials (JFB) Journal of Functional Morphology and Kinesiology (JFMK) Journal of Fungi (JoF) Journal of Imaging (J. Imaging) Journal of Intelligence (J. Intell.) Journal of Low Power Electronics and Applications (JLPEA) Journal of Manufacturing and Materials Processing (JMMP) Journal of Marine Science and Engineering (JMSE) Journal of Market Access & Health Policy (JMAHP) Journal of Molecular Pathology (JMP) Journal of Nanotheranostics (JNT) Journal of Nuclear Engineering (JNE) Journal of Otorhinolaryngology, Hearing and Balance Medicine (JOHBM) Journal of Personalized Medicine (JPM) Journal of Pharmaceutical and BioTech Industry (JPBI) Journal of Respiration (JoR) Journal of Risk and Financial Management (JRFM) Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks (JSAN) Journal of Theoretical and Applied Electronic Commerce Research (JTAER) Journal of Vascular Diseases (JVD) Journal of Xenobiotics (JoX) Journal of Zoological and Botanical Gardens (JZBG) Journalism and Media Kidney and Dialysis Kinases and Phosphatases Knowledge Laboratories Land Languages Laws Life Limnological Review Lipidology Liquids Literature Livers Logics Logistics Lubricants Lymphatics Machine Learning and Knowledge Extraction (MAKE) Machines Macromol Magnetism Magnetochemistry Marine Drugs Materials Materials Proceedings Mathematical and Computational Applications (MCA) Mathematics Medical Sciences Medical Sciences Forum Medicina Medicines Membranes Merits Metabolites Metals Meteorology Methane Methods and Protocols (MPs) Metrology Micro Microbiology Research Micromachines Microorganisms Microplastics Minerals Mining Modelling Molbank Molecules Multimodal Technologies and Interaction (MTI) Muscles Nanoenergy Advances Nanomanufacturing Nanomaterials NDT Network Neuroglia Neurology International NeuroSci Nitrogen Non-Coding RNA (ncRNA) Nursing Reports Nutraceuticals Nutrients Obesities Oceans Onco Optics Oral Organics Organoids Osteology Oxygen Parasitologia Particles Pathogens Pathophysiology Pediatric Reports Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceutics Pharmacoepidemiology Pharmacy Philosophies Photochem Photonics Phycology Physchem Physical Sciences Forum Physics Physiologia Plants Plasma Platforms Pollutants Polymers Polysaccharides Poultry Powders Proceedings Processes Prosthesis Proteomes Psych Psychiatry International Psychoactives Publications Quantum Beam Science (QuBS) Quantum Reports Quaternary Radiation Reactions Real Estate Receptors Recycling Religions Remote Sensing Reports Reproductive Medicine (Reprod. Med.) Resources Rheumato Risks Robotics Ruminants Safety Sci Scientia Pharmaceutica (Sci. Pharm.) Sclerosis Seeds Sensors Separations Sexes Signals Sinusitis Smart Cities Social Sciences Société Internationale d’Urologie Journal (SIUJ) Societies Software Soil Systems Solar Solids Spectroscopy Journal Sports Standards Stats Stresses Surfaces Surgeries Surgical Techniques Development Sustainability Sustainable Chemistry Symmetry SynBio Systems Targets Taxonomy Technologies Telecom Textiles Thalassemia Reports Thermo Tomography Tourism and Hospitality Toxics Toxins Transplantology Trauma Care Trends in Higher Education Tropical Medicine and Infectious Disease (TropicalMed) Universe Urban Science Uro Vaccines Vehicles Venereology Veterinary Sciences Vibration Virtual Worlds Viruses Vision Waste Water Wind Women World World Electric Vehicle Journal (WEVJ) Youth Zoonotic Diseases Article Type All Article Types Article Review Communication Editorial Abstract Book Review Brief Report Case Report Comment Commentary Concept Paper Conference Report Correction Creative Data Descriptor Discussion Entry Essay Expression of Concern Extended Abstract Guidelines Hypothesis Interesting Images Letter New Book Received Obituary Opinion Perspective Proceeding Paper Project Report Protocol Registered Report Reply Retraction Short Note Study Protocol Systematic Review Technical Note Tutorial Viewpoint Advanced Search Section Special Issue Volume Issue Number Page Logical OperatorOperator AND OR Search Text Search Type All fields Title Abstract Keywords Authors Affiliations Doi Full Text References add_circle_outline remove_circle_outline Mathematics Hom-Lie Superalgebras in Characteristic 2 Metabolites Oreos Lower Cholesterol In Lean Mass Hyper-Responder on Ketogenic Diet Remote Sensing Planetary Radar—State-of-the-Art Review Universe The Unsettled Number: Hubble’s Tension Recent Articles 14 pages, 4956 KiB Open AccessArticle Characterization and Detection Classification of Moldy Corn Kernels Based on X-CT and Deep Learning by Yongzhen Zhang, Yanbo Hui, Ying Zhou, Juanjuan Liu, Ju Gao, Xiaoliang Wang, Baiwei Wang, Mengqi Xie and Haonan Hou Appl. Sci. 2024, 14(5), 2166; https://doi.org/10.3390/app14052166 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Moldy corn produces aflatoxin and gibberellin, which can have adverse effects on human health if consumed. Mold is a significant factor that affects the safe storage of corn. If not detected and controlled in a timely manner, it will result in substantial food [...] Read more. Moldy corn produces aflatoxin and gibberellin, which can have adverse effects on human health if consumed. Mold is a significant factor that affects the safe storage of corn. If not detected and controlled in a timely manner, it will result in substantial food losses. Understanding the infection patterns of mold on corn kernels and the changing characteristics of the internal structure of corn kernels after infection is crucial for guiding innovation and optimizing detection methods for moldy corn. This knowledge also helps maintain corn storage and ensure food safety. This study was based on X-ray tomography technology to non-destructively detect changes in the structural characteristics of moldy corn kernels. It used image processing technology and model reconstruction algorithms to obtain the 3D model of the embryo, pores and cracks, endosperm and seed coat, and kernels of moldy corn kernels; qualitative analysis of the characteristic changes of two-dimensional slice grayscale images and 3D models of moldy corn kernels; and quantitative analysis of changes in the volume parameters of corn kernels, embryos, endosperm, and seed coats as a whole. It explored the detection method of moldy corn kernels based on a combination of X-ray tomography technology and deep learning algorithms. The analysis concluded that mold infection in maize begins in the embryo and gradually spreads and that mold damage to the tissue structure of maize kernels is irregular in nature. The overall volume parameter changes of corn kernels, embryos, endosperm, and seed coats in the four stages of 0 d, 5 d, 10 d, and 15 d showed a trend of first increasing and then decreasing. The ResNet50 model was enhanced for detecting mold on maize kernels, achieving an accuracy of over 93% in identifying mold features in sliced images of maize kernels. This advancement enabled the non-destructive detection and classification of the degree of mold in maize kernel samples. This article studies the characterization of the characteristic changes of moldy corn kernels and the detection of mildew, which will provide certain help for optimizing the monitoring of corn kernel mildew and the development of rapid detection equipment. Full article ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 20 pages, 1468 KiB Open AccessReview Zingiber Officinale Roscoe: The Antiarthritic Potential of a Popular Spice—Preclinical and Clinical Evidence by Joanna Szymczak, Bogna Grygiel-Górniak and Judyta Cielecka-Piontek Nutrients 2024, 16(5), 741; https://doi.org/10.3390/nu16050741 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The health benefits of ginger rhizomes (Zingiber officinale Roscoe) have been known for centuries. Recently, ginger root has gained more attention due to its anti-inflammatory and analgesic activities. Many of the bioactive components of ginger may have therapeutic benefits in treating [...] Read more. The health benefits of ginger rhizomes (Zingiber officinale Roscoe) have been known for centuries. Recently, ginger root has gained more attention due to its anti-inflammatory and analgesic activities. Many of the bioactive components of ginger may have therapeutic benefits in treating inflammatory arthritis. Their properties seem especially helpful in treating diseases linked to persistent inflammation and pain, symptoms present in the course of the most prevalent rheumatic diseases, such as osteoarthritis (OA) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA). This review analyzes the current knowledge regarding ginger’s beneficial anti-inflammatory effect in both in vitro and in vivo studies as well as clinical trials. The drug delivery systems to improve ginger’s bioavailability and medicinal properties are discussed. Understanding ginger’s beneficial aspects may initiate further studies on improving its bioavailability and therapeutic efficacy and achieving more a comprehensive application in medicine. Full article (This article belongs to the Section Nutritional Immunology) ►▼ Show Figures Graphical abstract 15 pages, 6053 KiB Open AccessArticle Deep Supervised Hashing by Fusing Multiscale Deep Features for Image Retrieval by Adil Redaoui, Amina Belalia and Kamel Belloulata Information 2024, 15(3), 143; https://doi.org/10.3390/info15030143 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Deep network-based hashing has gained significant popularity in recent years, particularly in the field of image retrieval. However, most existing methods only focus on extracting semantic information from the final layer, disregarding valuable structural information that contains important semantic details, which are crucial [...] Read more. Deep network-based hashing has gained significant popularity in recent years, particularly in the field of image retrieval. However, most existing methods only focus on extracting semantic information from the final layer, disregarding valuable structural information that contains important semantic details, which are crucial for effective hash learning. On the one hand, structural information is important for capturing the spatial relationships between objects in an image. On the other hand, image retrieval tasks often require a more holistic representation of the image, which can be achieved by focusing on the semantic content. The trade-off between structural information and image retrieval accuracy in the context of image hashing and retrieval is a crucial consideration. Balancing these aspects is essential to ensure both accurate retrieval results and meaningful representation of the underlying image structure. To address this limitation and improve image retrieval accuracy, we propose a novel deep hashing method called Deep Supervised Hashing by Fusing Multiscale Deep Features (DSHFMDF). Our approach involves extracting multiscale features from multiple convolutional layers and fusing them to generate more robust representations for efficient image retrieval. The experimental results demonstrate that our method surpasses the performance of state-of-the-art hashing techniques, with absolute increases of 11.1% and 8.3% in Mean Average Precision (MAP) on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets, respectively. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Application of Machine Learning and Deep Learning in Pattern Recognition and Biometrics) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 19 pages, 3417 KiB Open AccessArticle Non-Cooperative LEO Satellite Orbit Determination Using Single Station for Space-Based Opportunistic Positioning by Ruofan Deng, Honglei Qin and Yu Zhang Remote Sens. 2024, 16(5), 912; https://doi.org/10.3390/rs16050912 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Space-based opportunistic positioning is a crucial component of resilient positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) systems, and it requires the acquisition of orbit information for non-cooperative low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites. Traditional methods for orbit determination (OD) of non-cooperative LEO satellites have difficulty in [...] Read more. Space-based opportunistic positioning is a crucial component of resilient positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) systems, and it requires the acquisition of orbit information for non-cooperative low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites. Traditional methods for orbit determination (OD) of non-cooperative LEO satellites have difficulty in achieving a balance between reliability, hardware costs, and availability duration. To address these challenges, this study proposes a framework for single-station orbit determination of non-cooperative LEO satellites. By utilizing signals of opportunity (SOPs) captured by a single ground station, the system performs initial orbit determination (IOD), precise orbit determination (POD), and orbit prediction (OP), enabling the long-term determination of satellite positions and velocities. Under the proposed framework, the reliability and real-time performance are dependent on the initial orbit determination and the orbit calculation based on the dynamical model. To achieve initial orbit determination, a three-step algorithm is designed. (1) An improved search method is employed to estimate a coarse orbit using single-pass Doppler measurements. (2) Data association is conducted to obtain multi-pass Doppler observations. (3) The least squares (LS) is implemented to determine the initial orbit using the associated multi-pass Doppler measurements and the coarse orbit. Additionally, to enhance computational efficiency, two fast orbit calculation algorithms are devised. These algorithms leverage the numerical stability of the Runge–Kutta integrator to reduce computations and exploit the strong correlation among nearby time intervals of orbits with small eccentricities to minimize redundant calculations, thereby achieving orbit calculation efficiently. Finally, through positioning experiments, the determined orbits are demonstrated to have accuracy comparable to that of two-line elements (TLE) updated by the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). Full article ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 11 pages, 248 KiB Open AccessReview miRNA as a Biomarker for the Early Detection of Colorectal Cancer by David Coleman and Scott Kuwada Genes 2024, 15(3), 338; https://doi.org/10.3390/genes15030338 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, non-coding RNA segments that can be detected in a variety of clinical samples, including serum, stool, and urine. While miRNAs were initially known for their effect on post-translational gene expression, the last decade of research has shown them to [...] Read more. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, non-coding RNA segments that can be detected in a variety of clinical samples, including serum, stool, and urine. While miRNAs were initially known for their effect on post-translational gene expression, the last decade of research has shown them to be promising biomarkers for the detection of many types of cancer. This paper explores the use of miRNA detection as a tool for colorectal cancer (CRC) screening. We discuss the current state of miRNA detection, compare it to the existing CRC screening tools, and highlight the advantages and drawbacks of this approach from a clinical and logistical perspective. Our research finds that miRNA-based tests for CRC show great potential, but that widespread clinical adoption will be conditional on future research overcoming key hurdles. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue MicroRNA in Cancers) 16 pages, 2763 KiB Open AccessArticle Rapid Earthquake Damage Assessment System in the Black Sea Basin: Selection/Adoption of Ground Motion Prediction Equations with Emphasis in the Cross-Border Areas by Nikolaos Theodoulidis, Basil Margaris, Dimitris Sotiriadis, Can Zulfikar, Seyhan Okuyan Akcan, Carmen Ortanza Cioflan, Elena Florinela Manea and Dragos Toma-Danila GeoHazards 2024, 5(1), 255-270; https://doi.org/10.3390/geohazards5010013 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract In the present study, an effort to propose and adopt appropriate Ground Motion Prediction Equations (GMPEs) for the Rapid Earthquake Damage Assessment System (REDAS) in the Black Sea basin is attempted. Emphasis of GMPE harmonization in the cross-border areas (CBA) is given. For [...] Read more. In the present study, an effort to propose and adopt appropriate Ground Motion Prediction Equations (GMPEs) for the Rapid Earthquake Damage Assessment System (REDAS) in the Black Sea basin is attempted. Emphasis of GMPE harmonization in the cross-border areas (CBA) is given. For this reason, two distinct sub-areas are investigated, taking into consideration their seismotectonic regime. One sub-area refers to active shallow crustal earthquakes (Greece-Turkey, CBA) and the other to intermediate-depth and shallow crustal earthquakes (Romania-Moldova, Western Black Sea CBA). Testing and ranking of pre-selected GMPEs has been performed using strong motion data of the broader CBA regions of both sub-areas. The final proposed GMPEs to feed the REDA System may assure the effective estimation of ShakeMaps and—in combination with the appropriate vulnerability curves—reliable near-real-time damage assessment in the cross-border earthquake affected areas. Full article (This article belongs to the Collection Geohazard Characterization, Modeling, and Risk Assessment) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 17 pages, 14367 KiB Open AccessArticle Comparison of Flight Parameters in SIL Simulation Using Commercial Autopilots and X-Plane Simulator for Multi-Rotor Models by Michal Welcer, Nezar Sahbon and Albert Zajdel Aerospace 2024, 11(3), 205; https://doi.org/10.3390/aerospace11030205 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Modern aviation technology development heavily relies on computer simulations. SIL (Software-In-The-Loop) simulations are essential for evaluating autopilots and control algorithms for multi-rotors, including drones and other UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle). In such simulations, it is possible to compare the flight parameters achieved by [...] Read more. Modern aviation technology development heavily relies on computer simulations. SIL (Software-In-The-Loop) simulations are essential for evaluating autopilots and control algorithms for multi-rotors, including drones and other UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle). In such simulations, it is possible to compare the flight parameters achieved by flying platforms using various commercial autopilots widely used in the UAV sector. This research aims to provide objective and comprehensive insights into the effectiveness of different autopilot systems This article examines the simulated flight test results of a drone performing the same mission using different autopilot systems. The X-Plane software was used as an environment to simulate the dynamics of the drone and its surroundings. Matlab/Simulink r2023a provided the interface between autopilot software and X-Plane models. Those methods allowed us to obtain an appropriate comparison of the autopilot systems and indicate the main differences between them. This research focused on analyzing UAV flight characteristics such as stability, trajectory tracking, response time to control changes, and the overall effectiveness of autopilots. Various flight scenarios including take-off, landing, flight at a constant altitude, dynamic manoeuvrers and, flight along a planned trajectory were also examined. In order to obtain the most accurate and realistic results, the tests were carried out in various weather conditions. The aim of this research is to provide objective data and analysis to compare the performance of commercial autopilots. This method offers several advantages, including cost-effective testing, the ability to test in diverse environmental conditions, and the evaluation of autopilot algorithms without the need for real hardware. The findings of this study may have a considerable impact on how autopilot designers and developers choose the best platforms and technologies for their projects. Future research on this topic will compare the obtained data with flight test data. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue 13th EASN International Conference on Innovation in Aviation and Space for Opening New Horizons) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 12 pages, 1490 KiB Open AccessArticle Investigating Biomechanical Postural Control Strategies in Healthy Aging Adults and Survivors of Stroke by Lara A. Thompson, Roni A. Romero Melendez and Ji Chen Biomechanics 2024, 4(1), 153-164; https://doi.org/10.3390/biomechanics4010010 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract As the aging populations, both nationwide and worldwide, rapidly increase, falls leading to unintentional injury and death subsequently increase. Thus, developing an understanding of biomechanical postural control strategies used to maintain balance in aging healthy adults, and those that have suffered stroke, are [...] Read more. As the aging populations, both nationwide and worldwide, rapidly increase, falls leading to unintentional injury and death subsequently increase. Thus, developing an understanding of biomechanical postural control strategies used to maintain balance in aging healthy adults, and those that have suffered stroke, are critical. Here, we were interested in how one’s body segments stabilize relative to one another, and in space, in order to maintain balance. To accomplish this goal, we studied 30 healthy individuals and 8 survivors of stroke between 60 and 85 years old, both before and after several weeks of sensory training. Motion capture data were acquired to assess participants’ body kinematics during walking: forward (easiest), forward-tandem, backward, and backward-tandem walking (most challenging). Deviations (via the observation of the absolute angle with deviations, or AADs) of the head, thorax, and lumbar areas relative to an earth vertical reference, as well as how one body segment stabilized in space or relative to the inferior body segment (via the observation of anchoring indices, or AIs), were explored. The results provide metrics (AADs and AIs) that can assess aging posture. Further, the results show an initial indication that, for aging individuals, training could lead to improved head and body stabilization in space. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Encouraging More Youthful Mechanics and Energetics of Locomotion through Intervention for Older Adults) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 17 pages, 322 KiB Open AccessArticle Executive Functioning and Language in a Pediatric Population with Autism Spectrum Disorders and Epilepsy: A Comparative Study by Alejandro Cano-Villagrasa, Nadia Porcar-Gozalbo, Isabel López-Chicheri and Miguel López-Zamora Children 2024, 11(3), 306; https://doi.org/10.3390/children11030306 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract In recent years, there has been an increase in the prevalence of comorbidity between ASD and epilepsy in the pediatric population. Children with ASD and epilepsy often exhibit greater impairments in executive functions such as cognitive flexibility, planning, inhibition, and emotional control, as [...] Read more. In recent years, there has been an increase in the prevalence of comorbidity between ASD and epilepsy in the pediatric population. Children with ASD and epilepsy often exhibit greater impairments in executive functions such as cognitive flexibility, planning, inhibition, and emotional control, as well as in language dimensions such as phonology, semantics, morphosyntax, and pragmatics. These impairments can significantly impact their maturation and development. The aim of this study was to assess and compare the executive functioning and language skills of 150 participants, divided into three groups: one with ASD only, another with epilepsy only, and the third group with both ASD and epilepsy. The study utilized the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF-2) and Neuropsychological Evaluation of Executive Functions in Children (ENFEN) to assess executive functions, and Clinical Evaluation of Language Fundamentals 5 (CELF-5) to evaluate language skills. The results indicated that participants with this comorbidity had lower scores in both executive functioning and language skills compared to children with only ASD or epilepsy. The presence of epilepsy significantly limits the executive and linguistic performance of children with ASD, negatively affecting language acquisition, functionality, and the ability to carry out basic life activities independently. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Cognitive and Linguistic Development in Children and Adolescents) attachment Supplementary material: Supplementary File 1 (ZIP, 46 KiB) 15 pages, 4952 KiB Open AccessArticle Genome-Wide Identification and Expression Analysis of the DA1 Gene Family in Sweet Potato and Its Two Diploid Relatives by Zelong Zhou, Jianzhi Huang, Yuehui Wang, Shixiang He, Jing Yang, Ying Wang, Wenxing Li, Yi Liu, Ran Xu, Yunhai Li and Lian Wu Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2024, 25(5), 3000; https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms25053000 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The DA1-like gene family plays a crucial role in regulating seed and organ size in plants. The DA1 gene family has been identified in several species but has not yet been reported in sweet potatoes. In this study, nine, eleven, and seven DA1 [...] Read more. The DA1-like gene family plays a crucial role in regulating seed and organ size in plants. The DA1 gene family has been identified in several species but has not yet been reported in sweet potatoes. In this study, nine, eleven, and seven DA1s were identified in cultivated sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas, 2n = 6x = 90) and its two diploid wild relatives, I. trifida (2n = 2x = 30) and I. triloba (2n = 2x = 30), respectively. The DA1 genes were classified into three subgroups based on their phylogenetic relationships with Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa (rice). Their protein physiological properties, chromosomal localization, phylogenetic relationships, gene structure, promoter cis-elements, and expression patterns were systematically analyzed. The qRT-PCR results showed that the expression levels of four genes, IbDA1-1, IbDA1-3, IbDA1-6, and IbDA1-7, were higher in the sweet potato leaves than in the roots, fiber roots, and stems. In our study, we provide a comprehensive comparison and further the knowledge of DA1-like genes in sweet potatoes, and provide a theoretical basis for functional studies. Full article (This article belongs to the Collection Genetics and Molecular Breeding in Plants) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 18 pages, 3665 KiB Open AccessArticle Global Sensitivity Analysis of Factors Influencing the Surface Temperature of Mold during Autoclave Processing by Jiayang He, Lihua Zhan, Youliang Yang and Yongqian Xu Polymers 2024, 16(5), 705; https://doi.org/10.3390/polym16050705 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract During the process of forming carbon fiber reinforced plastics (CFRP) in an autoclave, deeply understanding the global sensitivity of factors influencing mold surface temperature is of paramount importance for optimizing large frame-type mold thermally and enhancing curing quality. In this study, the convective [...] Read more. During the process of forming carbon fiber reinforced plastics (CFRP) in an autoclave, deeply understanding the global sensitivity of factors influencing mold surface temperature is of paramount importance for optimizing large frame-type mold thermally and enhancing curing quality. In this study, the convective heat transfer coefficient (CHTC), the thickness of composite laminates (TCL), the thickness of mold facesheet (TMF), the mold material type (MMT), and the thickness of the auxiliary materials layer (TAL) have been quantitatively assessed for the effects on the mold surface temperature. This assessment was conducted by building the thermal–chemical curing model of composite laminates and utilizing the Sobol global sensitivity analysis (GSA) method. Additionally, the interactions among these factors were investigated to gain a comprehensive understanding of their combined effects. The results show that the sensitivity order of these factors is as follows: CHTC > MMT > TMF > TCL > TAL. Moreover, CHTC, MMT, and TMF are the main factors influencing mold surface temperature, as the sum of their first-order sensitivity indices accounts for over 97.3%. The influence of a single factor is more significant than that of the interaction between factors since the sum of the first-order sensitivity indices of the factors is more than 78.1%. This study will support the development of science-based guidelines for the thermal design of molds and associated heating equipment design. Full article (This article belongs to the Section Polymer Processing and Engineering) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 14 pages, 4529 KiB Open AccessArticle Optical and Electrical Properties of AlxGa1−xN/GaN Epilayers Modulated by Aluminum Content by Wenwang Wei, Yanlian Yang, Yi Peng, Mudassar Maraj and Wenhong Sun Molecules 2024, 29(5), 1152; https://doi.org/10.3390/molecules29051152 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract AlGaN-based LEDs are promising for many applications in deep ultraviolet fields, especially for water-purification projects, air sterilization, fluorescence sensing, etc. However, in order to realize these potentials, it is critical to understand the factors that influence the optical and electrical properties of the [...] Read more. AlGaN-based LEDs are promising for many applications in deep ultraviolet fields, especially for water-purification projects, air sterilization, fluorescence sensing, etc. However, in order to realize these potentials, it is critical to understand the factors that influence the optical and electrical properties of the device. In this work, AlxGa1−xN (x = 0.24, 0.34, 0.47) epilayers grown on c-plane patterned sapphire substrate with GaN template by the metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD). It is demonstrated that the increase of the aluminum content leads to the deterioration of the surface morphology and crystal quality of the AlGaN epitaxial layer. The dislocation densities of AlxGa1−xN epilayers were determined from symmetric and asymmetric planes of the ω-scan rocking curve and the minimum value is 1.01 × 109 cm−2. The (101¯5) plane reciprocal space mapping was employed to measure the in-plane strain of the AlxGa1−xN layers grown on GaN. The surface barrier heights of the AlxGa1−xN samples derived from XPS are 1.57, 1.65, and 1.75 eV, respectively. The results of the bandgap obtained by PL spectroscopy are in good accordance with those of XRD. The Hall mobility and sheet electron concentration of the samples are successfully determined by preparing simple indium sphere electrodes. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Advanced Optoelectronic Materials with Outstanding Chemical and Physical Properties: Design, Characterization and Applications) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 attachment Supplementary material: Supplementary File 1 (ZIP, 793 KiB) 22 pages, 14238 KiB Open AccessArticle Biosynthesis of Gold- and Silver-Incorporated Carbon-Based Zinc Oxide Nanocomposites for the Photodegradation of Textile Dyes and Various Pharmaceuticals by Dineo A. Bopape, David E. Motaung and Nomso C. Hintsho-Mbita Textiles 2024, 4(1), 104-125; https://doi.org/10.3390/textiles4010008 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Wastewater contaminated with dyes from the textile industry has been at the forefront in the last few decades, thus, it is imperative to find treatment methods that are safe and efficient. In this study, C. benghalensis plant extracts were used to synthesise by [...] Read more. Wastewater contaminated with dyes from the textile industry has been at the forefront in the last few decades, thus, it is imperative to find treatment methods that are safe and efficient. In this study, C. benghalensis plant extracts were used to synthesise by mass 20 mg/80 mg zinc oxide–carbon spheres (20/80 ZnO–CSs) nanocomposites, and the incorporation of the nanocomposites with 1% silver (1% Ag–ZnO–CSs) and 1% gold (1% Au–ZnO–CSs) was conducted. The impact of Ag and Au dopants on the morphological, optical, and photocatalytic properties of these nanocomposites in comparison to 20/80 ZnO–CSs was investigated. TEM, XRD, UV-vis, FTIR, TGA, and BET revealed various properties for these nanocomposites. TEM analysis revealed spherical particles with size distributions of 40–80 nm, 50–200 nm, and 50–250 nm for 1% Ag–ZnO–CSs, 1% Au–ZnO–CSs, and 20/80 ZnO–CSs, respectively. XRD data showed peaks corresponding to Ag, Au, ZnO, and CSs in all nanocomposites. TGA analysis reported a highly thermally stable material in ZnO-CS. The photocatalytic testing showed the 1% Au–ZnO–CSs to be the most efficient catalyst with a 98% degradation for MB textile dye. Moreover, 1% Au–ZnO–CSs also exhibited high degradation percentages for various pharmaceuticals. The material could not be reused and the trapping studies demonstrated that both OH• radicals and the e− play a crucial role in the degradation of the MB. The photocatalyst in this study demonstrated effectiveness and high flexibility in degrading diverse contaminants. Full article ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 attachment Supplementary material: Supplementary File 1 (ZIP, 163 KiB) 14 pages, 3326 KiB Open AccessArticle A One-Pot Convenient RPA-CRISPR-Based Assay for Salmonella enterica Serovar Indiana Detection by Jiansen Gong, Di Zhang, Lixia Fu, Yongyi Dong, Kun Wu, Xinhong Dou and Chengming Wang Microorganisms 2024, 12(3), 519; https://doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms12030519 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Salmonella enterica serovar Indiana (S. Indiana) is among the most prevalent serovars of Salmonella and is closely associated with foodborne diseases worldwide. In this study, we combined a recombinase polymerase amplification (RPA) technique with clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat (CRISPR) and [...] Read more. Salmonella enterica serovar Indiana (S. Indiana) is among the most prevalent serovars of Salmonella and is closely associated with foodborne diseases worldwide. In this study, we combined a recombinase polymerase amplification (RPA) technique with clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat (CRISPR) and CRISPR-associated (Cas) protein Cas12b (CRISPR/Cas12b)-based biosensing in a one-pot platform to develop a novel one-step identification method for S. Indiana infection diagnosis. The entire RPA-CRISPR/Cas12b reaction can be completed at 41 °C within 1 h without the need for specific instruments. The optimal concentrations of Cas12b and single-guide RNA (sgRNA) for the reaction were the same at 250 nM. The single-stranded DNA (ssDNA) reporter 8C-FQ (5′-/6-FAM/CCCCCCCC/BHQ1/-3′) presented the best performance in the reaction compared with the other reporters. The limit of detection (LoD) of the RPA-CRISPR/Cas12b assay was 14.4 copies per reaction. As for specificity, we successfully identified four S. Indiana strains among twenty-two Salmonella strains without any false-positive results, presenting 100% accuracy for S. Indiana, and no cross-reactions were observed in eight other pathogens. Moreover, a total of 109 chicken carcasses were classified by the S. Indiana RPA-CRISPR assay and PCR methods from three processing points, including 43 post-shedding, 35 post-evisceration, and 31 post-chilling. There were 17 S. Indiana-positive samples identified during the whole processing step, consisting of nine post-shedding, five post-evisceration, and three post-chilling. The corresponding S. Indiana-positive rates of post-shedding, post-evisceration, and post-chilling were 20.93% (9/43), 14.29% (5/35), and 9.68% (3/31), respectively. Results from the S. Indiana one-step RPA-CRISPR/Cas12b assay were totally in agreement with those obtained using a traditional culture method, demonstrating 100% agreement with no false-positive or false-negative results observed. Altogether, the RPA-CRISPR/Cas12b assay developed in this study represents a promising, accurate, and simple diagnostic tool for S. Indiana detection. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue CRISPR-Based Diagnostics for Detection of Microorganisms and Beyond) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 18 pages, 4714 KiB Open AccessArticle Bovine Peripheral Blood-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells (PB-MSCs) and Spermatogonial Stem Cells (SSCs) Display Contrasting Expression Patterns of Pluripotency and Germ Cell Markers under the Effect of Sertoli Cell Conditioned Medium by Moisés N. Segunda, Carlos Díaz, Cristian G. Torres, Víctor H. Parraguez, Mónica De los Reyes and Oscar A. Peralta Animals 2024, 14(5), 803; https://doi.org/10.3390/ani14050803 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract In vitro gamete derivation has been proposed as an interesting strategy for treatment of infertility, improvement of genetic traits, and conservation of endangered animals. Spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs) are primary candidates for in vitro gamete derivation; however, recently, mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) have [...] Read more. In vitro gamete derivation has been proposed as an interesting strategy for treatment of infertility, improvement of genetic traits, and conservation of endangered animals. Spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs) are primary candidates for in vitro gamete derivation; however, recently, mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) have also been proposed as candidates for germ cell (GCs) differentiation mainly due to their transdifferentiating capacity. The objective of the present study was to compare the potential for GC differentiation of bovine peripheral blood-derived MSCs (PB-MSCs) and SSCs under the effect of conditioned medium (CM) derived from Sertoli cells (SCs/CM). Samples were collected every 7 days for 21 days and analyzed for pluripotent, GC, and MSC marker expression. The absence of OCT4 and the increased (p < 0.05) expression of NANOG seems to play a role in SSC differentiation, whereas the absence of NANOG and the increased expression (p < 0.05) of OCT4 may be required for PB-MSC differentiation into GCs. SSCs cultured with SCs/CM increased (p < 0.05) the expression of PIWIL2 and DAZL, while PB-MSCs cultured under the same condition only increased (p < 0.05) the expression of DAZL. Overall, the patterns of markers expression suggest that PB-MSCs and SSCs activate different signaling pathways after exposure to SCs/CM and during differentiation into GCs. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Recent Advances in Reproductive Biotechnologies) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 17 pages, 15539 KiB Open AccessArticle Interactive Teaching in Virtual Environments: Integrating Hardware in the Loop in a Brewing Process by Jessica S. Ortiz, Richard S. Pila, Joel A. Yupangui and Marco M. Rosales Appl. Sci. 2024, 14(5), 2170; https://doi.org/10.3390/app14052170 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The teaching–learning process developed was based on the effective integration of the Hardware in the Loop (HIL) technique to control a brewing process. This required programming the autonomous control of the system and uploading it to a physical controller consisting of a PLC [...] Read more. The teaching–learning process developed was based on the effective integration of the Hardware in the Loop (HIL) technique to control a brewing process. This required programming the autonomous control of the system and uploading it to a physical controller consisting of a PLC S7-1200, which communicates in real time with a virtual brewing environment, in addition to a SCADA system, providing engineering students with a unique practical experience. The system allows the emission of input signals from sensors and the reception of output signals in actuators, which is reflected accurately and in real time in the virtual environment. Students cannot only observe but also control and manipulate the system using specifically developed programs. This methodology enriched the understanding of industrial processes and fostered the acquisition of control skills. This research work reveals that the combination of the physical and the virtual through the HIL technique offers an effective approach for the training of engineers, improving their understanding of industrial control processes and their ability to intervene practically in real industrial situations. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Virtual Reality Technology: Current Applications, Challenges and Its Future) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 38 pages, 10789 KiB Open AccessArticle Dragon_Pi: IoT Side-Channel Power Data Intrusion Detection Dataset and Unsupervised Convolutional Autoencoder for Intrusion Detection by Dominic Lightbody, Duc-Minh Ngo, Andriy Temko, Colin C. Murphy and Emanuel Popovici Future Internet 2024, 16(3), 88; https://doi.org/10.3390/fi16030088 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) has led to a significant rise in cyber attacks and an expanded attack surface for the average consumer. In order to protect consumers and infrastructure, research into detecting malicious IoT activity must be of the [...] Read more. The growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) has led to a significant rise in cyber attacks and an expanded attack surface for the average consumer. In order to protect consumers and infrastructure, research into detecting malicious IoT activity must be of the highest priority. Security research in this area has two key issues: the lack of datasets for training artificial intelligence (AI)-based intrusion detection models and the fact that most existing datasets concentrate only on one type of network traffic. Thus, this study introduces Dragon_Pi, an intrusion detection dataset designed for IoT devices based on side-channel power consumption data. Dragon_Pi comprises a collection of normal and under-attack power consumption traces from separate testbeds featuring a DragonBoard 410c and a Raspberry Pi. Dragon_Slice is trained on this dataset; it is an unsupervised convolutional autoencoder (CAE) trained exclusively on held-out normal slices from Dragon_Pi for anomaly detection. The Dragon_Slice network has two iterations in this study. The original achieves 0.78 AUC without post-processing and 0.876 AUC with post-processing. A second iteration of Dragon_Slice, utilising dropout to further impede the CAE’s ability to reconstruct anomalies, outperforms the original network with a raw AUC of 0.764 and a post-processed AUC of 0.89. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Security and Privacy in Blockchains and the IoT III) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 17 pages, 6902 KiB Open AccessArticle Analyzing Safety Factors and Predicting Fatigue Life of Weak Points in an Electrically Driven, Multi-Purpose Cultivation Tractor by In-Seok Hwang, Jeong-Hun Kim, Wan-Tae Im, Hwan-Hong Jeung, Ju-Seok Nam and Chang-Seop Shin Agriculture 2024, 14(3), 416; https://doi.org/10.3390/agriculture14030416 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The advancement of agriculture and a shortage of labor have led to an increased use of agricultural machinery. However, the resulting environmental issues have prompted a shift from internal combustion engines to electric drivetrains. The electric drivetrain includes the installation of batteries, which [...] Read more. The advancement of agriculture and a shortage of labor have led to an increased use of agricultural machinery. However, the resulting environmental issues have prompted a shift from internal combustion engines to electric drivetrains. The electric drivetrain includes the installation of batteries, which can lead to decreased energy efficiency and significant loads on the vehicle due to their heavy weight. Consequently, the importance of ensuring the safety of agricultural machinery is being increasingly emphasized. The load on the frame of agricultural machinery is not consistent during off-road driving, and the accumulation of load cycles can lead to the destruction and failure of components. Therefore, it is necessary to ensure a level of safety and to predict the fatigue life. In this study, we estimate the safety factor and predict the fatigue life of weak points in an electrically driven, multi-purpose cultivation tractor based on working conditions (width, soil, and drive). Strain gauges were attached to these weak points to measure the strain, which was then converted to von Mises stress. Fatigue life was predicted using the rainflow counting method and the Palmgren–Miner rule. The results showed that the safety factor measured under various working conditions was greater than 1. The estimated minimum fatigue life was 124,176 years. Considering that the cultivator is used for 29.7 h annually and has a durability lifespan of 5 years, it is expected to be safely usable throughout its service life. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Soil–Machine Systems and Related Farming Machinery) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 attachment Supplementary material: Supplementary File 1 (ZIP, 161 KiB) 16 pages, 1662 KiB Open AccessArticle Carbon Footprint and Carbon Sink of a Local Italian Dairy Supply Chain by Chiara Rossi, Giampiero Grossi, Nicola Lacetera and Andrea Vitali Dairy 2024, 5(1), 201-216; https://doi.org/10.3390/dairy5010017 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The dairy industry’s contribution to global warming has been thoroughly examined. However, it is important to raise public awareness of emission hotspots and the possibility of mitigation in dairy supply chains. This study assessed the Carbon Footprint (CF) of five dairy products through [...] Read more. The dairy industry’s contribution to global warming has been thoroughly examined. However, it is important to raise public awareness of emission hotspots and the possibility of mitigation in dairy supply chains. This study assessed the Carbon Footprint (CF) of five dairy products through a cradle-to-grave Life Cycle Assessment approach and evaluated the carbon sink potential of some practices. The functional units were 1 kg of fresh raw milk, yogurt, fresh cheese, mozzarella cheese, and aged cheese. The data collected were related to an extensive dairy farm, a cheese-factory, two markets, a delivery service, and a court of consumers. The CFs were 4.39, 5.10, 9.82, 8.40, and 15.34 kg CO2 eq. for fresh raw milk, yogurt, mozzarella cheese, fresh cheese, and aged cheese, respectively. The hotspots of the dairy supply chain considered herein refer to farm activities and energy consumption, whereas conservative agriculture practices and rotational grazing sequestered 1.60 ± 0.80 kg CO2 eq. per kg of dairy product consumed. The CF was reduced by 0.14 kg CO2 eq. for 1 kg of dairy product delivered at home compared to direct purchasing at a market. The carbon sink capacity of dairy farms appeared as a primary mean for mitigating climate change in the dairy supply chain. Full article (This article belongs to the Section Dairy Farm System and Management) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 18 pages, 9489 KiB Open AccessArticle Effects of Orography on the High-Temperature Event on 22 June 2023 in North China by Haoyang Wu, Xin Xu and Yuan Wang Atmosphere 2024, 15(3), 324; https://doi.org/10.3390/atmos15030324 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract An extreme high-temperature event occurred in North China on 22 June 2023, with the maximum temperature reaching 41.8 °C. The high-temperature centers preferentially occurred at the foothills of the Taihang and Yanshan Mountains, indicating an important role of the underlying orography. In the [...] Read more. An extreme high-temperature event occurred in North China on 22 June 2023, with the maximum temperature reaching 41.8 °C. The high-temperature centers preferentially occurred at the foothills of the Taihang and Yanshan Mountains, indicating an important role of the underlying orography. In the present work, we study the orographic effects of this extreme high-temperature event according to high-resolution numerical simulations using the Weather Research and Forecasting model. The results show that the presence of the mountains in North China contributed notably to the high-temperature event, which can enhance the 2 m air temperature by up to 3 °C. In the daytime, the enhancement of temperature is primarily due to the diabatic heating of sensible heat flux at the terrain surface caused by solar shortwave radiation, whereas the well-known foehn effect has little contribution. Indeed, the dynamically forced downslope flow of foehn is totally suppressed by the upslope flow of the thermally driven mountain-plain circulation. In the nighttime, the sensible heat flux at the terrain surface changes to weakly negative, given the cooling of land surface longwave radiation. As a result, the enhancement of near-surface temperature at the terrain foothill is dominated by the adiabatic warming of downslope flow. Yet, the near-surface temperature far away from the mountain is enhanced by the subsidence warming of a synoptic anomalous anti-cyclone, which is induced by the diabatic heating over the mountains in the daytime. These findings help improve the understanding of the thermal and dynamical effects of orography on the occurrence of high-temperature events. Full article (This article belongs to the Section Meteorology) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 28 pages, 4384 KiB Open AccessArticle Maturity Model for Sustainability Assessment of Chemical Analyses Laboratories in Public Higher Education Institutions by Marco Antonio Souza, Mario Orestes Aguirre González and André Luís Santos de Pinho Sustainability 2024, 16(5), 2137; https://doi.org/10.3390/su16052137 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The increasing demand for sustainable products and services has become a constant requirement for the different stakeholders in an organization. Higher Education Institutions (HEI) have a crucial role in training conscious and competent professionals to lead these changes. Chemical analyses laboratories bring together [...] Read more. The increasing demand for sustainable products and services has become a constant requirement for the different stakeholders in an organization. Higher Education Institutions (HEI) have a crucial role in training conscious and competent professionals to lead these changes. Chemical analyses laboratories bring together the proper mix, where the adoption of mature and efficient management systems proves to be crucial not only to better train the institutions’ human resources but also to cooperate in recruiting research projects and other services to benefit society. Maturity models assist in the needed stages for sustainable growth to take place. This paper proposes a maturity model based on standardized norms to guide adjustments related to quality, risks, safety, and environment of chemical analyses laboratories in public higher education institutions. This research was done in four stages: theoretical research about maturity models, sustainability, and integrated management systems; survey with laboratories; case study at a chemical analyses laboratory of an HEI; and structuring and validating a maturity model. As the main results, it was observed that more than 80% of public laboratory managers believe it would be relevant to adopt a maturity model to help organize the laboratory’s internal and external processes. 86% of public laboratory managers understand that using management systems can contribute to hiring new services. We can also observe that 42.9% of public laboratory managers do not know any maturity model. As conclusion, the model includes eight dimensions, 31 subdimensions, and 204 management practices to assess and guide chemical analyses laboratories to sustainable maturity levels. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Integrating Sustainability Management into Operations Management Strategies) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 11 pages, 8248 KiB Open AccessArticle Highly Selective Tilted Triangular Springs with Constant Force Reaction by Lisa Schmitt, Philip Schmitt and Martin Hoffmann Sensors 2024, 24(5), 1677; https://doi.org/10.3390/s24051677 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract Guiding mechanisms are among the most elementary components of MEMS. Usually, a spring is required to be compliant in only one direction and stiff in all other directions. We introduce triangular springs with a preset tilting angle. The tilting angle lowers the reaction [...] Read more. Guiding mechanisms are among the most elementary components of MEMS. Usually, a spring is required to be compliant in only one direction and stiff in all other directions. We introduce triangular springs with a preset tilting angle. The tilting angle lowers the reaction force and implements a constant reaction force. We show the influence of the tilting angle on the reaction force, on the spring stiffness and spring selectivity. Furthermore, we investigate the influence of the different spring geometry parameters on the spring reaction force. We experimentally show tilted triangular springs exhibiting constant force reactions in a large deflection range and a comb-drive actuator guided by tilted triangular springs. This is an expanded research article based on the conference paper “Tilted Triangular Springs with Constant Force Reaction” that was presented at EUROSENSORS2023 conference, 10–13 September 2023 in Lecce, Italy. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue Eurosensors 2023 Selected Papers) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 attachment Supplementary material: Supplementary File 1 (ZIP, 334 KiB) 12 pages, 6708 KiB Open AccessArticle Investigating the Role of Brain Natriuretic Peptide (BNP) and N-Terminal-proBNP in Thrombosis and Acute Ischemic Stroke Etiology by Rosanna Rossi, Duaa Jabrah, Andrew Douglas, James Prendergast, Abhay Pandit, Michael Gilvarry, Ray McCarthy, Petra Redfors, Annika Nordanstig, Turgut Tatlisumak, Erik Ceder, Dennis Dunker, Jeanette Carlqvist, István Szikora, Georgios Tsivgoulis, Klearchos Psychogios, John Thornton, Alexandros Rentzos, Katarina Jood, Jesus Juega and Karen M. Doyleadd Show full author list remove Hide full author list Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2024, 25(5), 2999; https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms25052999 (registering DOI) - 05 Mar 2024 Abstract The need for biomarkers for acute ischemic stroke (AIS) to understand the mechanisms implicated in pathological clot formation is critical. The levels of the brain natriuretic peptides known as brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) and NT-proBNP have been shown to be increased in patients [...] Read more. The need for biomarkers for acute ischemic stroke (AIS) to understand the mechanisms implicated in pathological clot formation is critical. The levels of the brain natriuretic peptides known as brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) and NT-proBNP have been shown to be increased in patients suffering from heart failure and other heart conditions. We measured their expression in AIS clots of cardioembolic (CE) and large artery atherosclerosis (LAA) etiology, evaluating their location inside the clots, aiming to uncover their possible role in thrombosis. We analyzed 80 thrombi from 80 AIS patients in the RESTORE registry of AIS clots, 40 of which were of CE and 40 of LAA etiology. The localization of BNP and NT-BNP, quantified using immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence, in AIS-associated white blood cell subtypes was also investigated. We found a statistically significant positive correlation between BNP and NT-proBNP expression levels (Spearman’s rho = 0.668 p < 0.0001 *). We did not observe any statistically significant difference between LAA and CE clots in BNP expression (0.66 [0.13–3.54]% vs. 0.53 [0.14–3.07]%, p = 0.923) or in NT-proBNP expression (0.29 [0.11–0.58]% vs. 0.18 [0.05–0.51]%, p = 0.119), although there was a trend of higher NT-proBNP expression in the LAA clots. It was noticeable that BNP was distributed throughout the thrombus and especially within platelet-rich regions. However, NT-proBNP colocalized with neutrophils, macrophages, and T-lymphocytes, suggesting its association with the thrombo-inflammatory process. Full article (This article belongs to the Special Issue 300 Years of the University of Burgundy, France—Focus on Three Health Research Themes: Neurodegenerative Diseases/Brain Function, Cardiovascular Diseases, and Cancer) ►▼ Show Figures Figure 1 More Articles... Open Access Journals Acoustics Acta Microbiologica Hellenica Actuators Administrative Sciences Adolescents Advances in Respiratory Medicine (ARM) Aerobiology Aerospace Agriculture AgriEngineering Agrochemicals Agronomy AI Air Algorithms Allergies Alloys Analytica Analytics Anatomia Anesthesia Research Animals Antibiotics Antibodies Antioxidants Applied Biosciences Applied Mechanics Applied Microbiology Applied Nano Applied Sciences Applied System Innovation (ASI) AppliedChem AppliedMath Aquaculture Journal Architecture Arthropoda Arts Astronomy Atmosphere Atoms Audiology Research Automation Axioms Bacteria Batteries Behavioral Sciences Beverages Big Data and Cognitive Computing (BDCC) BioChem Bioengineering Biologics Biology Biology and Life Sciences Forum Biomass Biomechanics BioMed Biomedicines BioMedInformatics Biomimetics Biomolecules Biophysica Biosensors BioTech Birds Blockchains Brain Sciences Buildings Businesses C Cancers Cardiogenetics Catalysts Cells Ceramics Challenges ChemEngineering Chemistry Chemistry Proceedings Chemosensors Children Chips CivilEng Clean Technologies (Clean Technol.) Climate Clinical and Translational Neuroscience (CTN) Clinics and Practice Clocks & Sleep Coasts Coatings Colloids and Interfaces Colorants Commodities Complications Compounds Computation Computer Sciences & Mathematics Forum Computers Condensed Matter Conservation Construction Materials Corrosion and Materials Degradation (CMD) Cosmetics COVID Crops Cryptography Crystals Current Issues in Molecular Biology (CIMB) Current Oncology Dairy Data Dentistry Journal Dermato Dermatopathology Designs Diabetology Diagnostics Dietetics Digital Disabilities Diseases Diversity DNA Drones Drugs and Drug Candidates (DDC) Dynamics Earth Ecologies Econometrics Economies Education Sciences Electricity Electrochem Electronic Materials Electronics Emergency Care and Medicine Encyclopedia Endocrines Energies Eng Engineering Proceedings Entropy Environmental Sciences Proceedings Environments Epidemiologia Epigenomes European Burn Journal (EBJ) European Journal of Investigation in Health, Psychology and Education (EJIHPE) Fermentation Fibers FinTech Fire Fishes Fluids Foods Forecasting Forensic Sciences Forests Fossil Studies Foundations Fractal and Fractional (Fractal Fract) Fuels Future Future Internet Future Pharmacology Future Transportation Galaxies Games Gases Gastroenterology Insights Gastrointestinal Disorders Gastronomy Gels Genealogy Genes Geographies GeoHazards Geomatics Geosciences Geotechnics Geriatrics Gout, Urate, and Crystal Deposition Disease (GUCDD) Grasses Hardware Healthcare Hearts Hemato Hematology Reports Heritage Histories Horticulturae Hospitals Humanities Humans Hydrobiology Hydrogen Hydrology Hygiene Immuno Infectious Disease Reports Informatics Information Infrastructures Inorganics Insects Instruments International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (IJERPH) International Journal of Financial Studies (IJFS) International Journal of Molecular Sciences (IJMS) International Journal of Neonatal Screening (IJNS) International Journal of Plant Biology (IJPB) International Journal of Translational Medicine (IJTM) International Journal of Turbomachinery, Propulsion and Power (IJTPP) International Medical Education (IME) Inventions IoT ISPRS International Journal of Geo-Information (IJGI) J Journal of Ageing and Longevity (JAL) Journal of Cardiovascular Development and Disease (JCDD) Journal of Clinical & Translational Ophthalmology (JCTO) Journal of Clinical Medicine (JCM) Journal of Composites Science (J. Compos. Sci.) Journal of Cybersecurity and Privacy (JCP) Journal of Developmental Biology (JDB) Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Analyses (JETA) Journal of Functional Biomaterials (JFB) Journal of Functional Morphology and Kinesiology (JFMK) Journal of Fungi (JoF) Journal of Imaging (J. Imaging) Journal of Intelligence (J. Intell.) Journal of Low Power Electronics and Applications (JLPEA) Journal of Manufacturing and Materials Processing (JMMP) Journal of Marine Science and Engineering (JMSE) Journal of Market Access & Health Policy (JMAHP) Journal of Molecular Pathology (JMP) Journal of Nanotheranostics (JNT) Journal of Nuclear Engineering (JNE) Journal of Otorhinolaryngology, Hearing and Balance Medicine (JOHBM) Journal of Personalized Medicine (JPM) Journal of Pharmaceutical and BioTech Industry (JPBI) Journal of Respiration (JoR) Journal of Risk and Financial Management (JRFM) Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks (JSAN) Journal of Theoretical and Applied Electronic Commerce Research (JTAER) Journal of Vascular Diseases (JVD) Journal of Xenobiotics (JoX) Journal of Zoological and Botanical Gardens (JZBG) Journalism and Media Kidney and Dialysis Kinases and Phosphatases Knowledge Laboratories Land Languages Laws Life Limnological Review Lipidology Liquids Literature Livers Logics Logistics Lubricants Lymphatics Machine Learning and Knowledge Extraction (MAKE) Machines Macromol Magnetism Magnetochemistry Marine Drugs Materials Materials Proceedings Mathematical and Computational Applications (MCA) Mathematics Medical Sciences Medical Sciences Forum Medicina Medicines Membranes Merits Metabolites Metals Meteorology Methane Methods and Protocols (MPs) Metrology Micro Microbiology Research Micromachines Microorganisms Microplastics Minerals Mining Modelling Molbank Molecules Multimodal Technologies and Interaction (MTI) Muscles Nanoenergy Advances Nanomanufacturing Nanomaterials NDT Network Neuroglia Neurology International NeuroSci Nitrogen Non-Coding RNA (ncRNA) Nursing Reports Nutraceuticals Nutrients Obesities Oceans Onco Optics Oral Organics Organoids Osteology Oxygen Parasitologia Particles Pathogens Pathophysiology Pediatric Reports Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceutics Pharmacoepidemiology Pharmacy Philosophies Photochem Photonics Phycology Physchem Physical Sciences Forum Physics Physiologia Plants Plasma Platforms Pollutants Polymers Polysaccharides Poultry Powders Proceedings Processes Prosthesis Proteomes Psych Psychiatry International Psychoactives Publications Quantum Beam Science (QuBS) Quantum Reports Quaternary Radiation Reactions Real Estate Receptors Recycling Religions Remote Sensing Reports Reproductive Medicine (Reprod. Med.) Resources Rheumato Risks Robotics Ruminants Safety Sci Scientia Pharmaceutica (Sci. Pharm.) Sclerosis Seeds Sensors Separations Sexes Signals Sinusitis Smart Cities Social Sciences Société Internationale d’Urologie Journal (SIUJ) Societies Software Soil Systems Solar Solids Spectroscopy Journal Sports Standards Stats Stresses Surfaces Surgeries Surgical Techniques Development Sustainability Sustainable Chemistry Symmetry SynBio Systems Targets Taxonomy Technologies Telecom Textiles Thalassemia Reports Thermo Tomography Tourism and Hospitality Toxics Toxins Transplantology Trauma Care Trends in Higher Education Tropical Medicine and Infectious Disease (TropicalMed) Universe Urban Science Uro Vaccines Vehicles Venereology Veterinary Sciences Vibration Virtual Worlds Viruses Vision Waste Water Wind Women World World Electric Vehicle Journal (WEVJ) Youth Zoonotic Diseases ► ▼ Browse by Indexing Scopus Web of Science SCIE SSCI AHCI ESCI PubMed MEDLINE PMC Embase Ei Compendex Inspec CAPlus / SciFinder ► ▼ Browse by Subject Biology & Life Sciences Business & Economics Chemistry & Materials Science Computer Science & Mathematics Engineering Environmental & Earth Sciences Medicine & Pharmacology Physical Sciences Public Health & Healthcare Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities ► ▼ Selected Journals IJMS IMPACT FACTOR 5.6 Applied Sciences IMPACT FACTOR 2.7 Sustainability IMPACT FACTOR 3.9 Sensors IMPACT FACTOR 3.9 JCM IMPACT FACTOR 3.9 Energies IMPACT FACTOR 3.2 Materials IMPACT FACTOR 3.4 Molecules IMPACT FACTOR 4.6 Cancers IMPACT FACTOR 5.2 Electronics IMPACT FACTOR 2.9 Foods IMPACT FACTOR 5.2 Remote Sensing IMPACT FACTOR 5.0 Animals IMPACT FACTOR 3.0 Nutrients IMPACT FACTOR 5.9 Buildings IMPACT FACTOR 3.8 Mathematics IMPACT FACTOR 2.4 Plants IMPACT FACTOR 4.5 Polymers IMPACT FACTOR 5.0 Water IMPACT FACTOR 3.4 Biomedicines IMPACT FACTOR 4.7 Diagnostics IMPACT FACTOR 3.6 Healthcare IMPACT FACTOR 2.8 Processes IMPACT FACTOR 3.5 Microorganisms IMPACT FACTOR 4.5 Agronomy IMPACT FACTOR 3.7 Forests IMPACT FACTOR 2.9 JMSE IMPACT FACTOR 2.9 Medicina IMPACT FACTOR 2.6 Cells IMPACT FACTOR 6.0 Viruses IMPACT FACTOR 4.7 Nanomaterials IMPACT FACTOR 5.3 Agriculture IMPACT FACTOR 3.6 Land IMPACT FACTOR 3.9 Pharmaceutics IMPACT FACTOR 5.4 Religions IMPACT FACTOR 0.8 Micromachines IMPACT FACTOR 3.4 Pharmaceuticals IMPACT FACTOR 4.6 Atmosphere IMPACT FACTOR 2.9 Genes IMPACT FACTOR 3.5 Antioxidants IMPACT FACTOR 7.0 Biomolecules IMPACT FACTOR 5.5 IJERPH Metals IMPACT FACTOR 2.9 Children IMPACT FACTOR 2.4 Coatings IMPACT FACTOR 3.4 Life IMPACT FACTOR 3.2 Symmetry IMPACT FACTOR 2.7 Education Sciences IMPACT FACTOR 3.0 Vaccines IMPACT FACTOR 7.8 JPM IMPACT FACTOR 3.4 Minerals IMPACT FACTOR 2.5 Bioengineering IMPACT FACTOR 4.6 Horticulturae IMPACT FACTOR 3.1 Brain Sciences IMPACT FACTOR 3.3 Antibiotics IMPACT FACTOR 4.8 Explore All Journals... Highly Accessed Articles Latest Books More Books and Reprints... News 4 March 2024 MDPI Insights: The CEO's Letter #9 - Romania, Research Integrity, Viruses 29 February 2024 Championing Women's Healthcare and Access to Healthcare Information 29 February 2024 Meet Us at TMS 2024 Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 3–7 March 2024, Orlando, Florida, USA More News & Announcements... Blog Posts More From Our Blog... Topics More Topics... Selected Special Issues Selected Collections Feedback We are keen to hear what you think about MDPI. Feedback, suggestions, questions? About MDPI MDPI.com is a platform for peer-reviewed, scientific open-access journals operated by MDPI. Read more about MDPI Journals by Subject Biology & Life Sciences Business & Economics Chemistry & Materials Science Computer Science & Mathematics Engineering Environmental & Earth Sciences Medicine & Pharmacology Physical Sciences Public Health & Healthcare Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities Biology & Life Sciences Business & Economics Chemistry & Materials Science Computer Science & Mathematics Engineering Environmental & Earth Sciences Medicine & Pharmacology Physical Sciences Public Health & Healthcare Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities Further Information Article Processing Charges Pay an Invoice Open Access Policy Contact MDPI Jobs at MDPI Guidelines For Authors For Reviewers For Editors For Librarians For Publishers For Societies For Conference Organizers MDPI Initiatives Sciforum MDPI Books Preprints.org Scilit SciProfiles Encyclopedia JAMS Proceedings Series Follow MDPI LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Subscribe to receive issue release notifications and newsletters from MDPI journals Acoustics Acta Microbiologica Hellenica Actuators Administrative Sciences Adolescents Advances in Respiratory Medicine Aerobiology Aerospace Agriculture AgriEngineering Agrochemicals Agronomy AI Air Algorithms Allergies Alloys Analytica Analytics Anatomia Anesthesia Research Animals Antibiotics Antibodies Antioxidants Applied Biosciences Applied Mechanics Applied Microbiology Applied Nano Applied Sciences Applied System Innovation AppliedChem AppliedMath Aquaculture Journal Architecture Arthropoda Arts Astronomy Atmosphere Atoms Audiology Research Automation Axioms Bacteria Batteries Behavioral Sciences Beverages Big Data and Cognitive Computing BioChem Bioengineering Biologics Biology Biology and Life Sciences Forum Biomass Biomechanics BioMed Biomedicines BioMedInformatics Biomimetics Biomolecules Biophysica Biosensors BioTech Birds Blockchains Brain Sciences Buildings Businesses C Cancers Cardiogenetics Catalysts Cells Ceramics Challenges ChemEngineering Chemistry Chemistry Proceedings Chemosensors Children Chips CivilEng Clean Technologies Climate Clinical and Translational Neuroscience Clinics and Practice Clocks & Sleep Coasts Coatings Colloids and Interfaces Colorants Commodities Complications Compounds Computation Computer Sciences & Mathematics Forum Computers Condensed Matter Conservation Construction Materials Corrosion and Materials Degradation Cosmetics COVID Crops Cryptography Crystals Current Issues in Molecular Biology Current Oncology Dairy Data Dentistry Journal Dermato Dermatopathology Designs Diabetology Diagnostics Dietetics Digital Disabilities Diseases Diversity DNA Drones Drugs and Drug Candidates Dynamics Earth Ecologies Econometrics Economies Education Sciences Electricity Electrochem Electronic Materials Electronics Emergency Care and Medicine Encyclopedia Endocrines Energies Eng Engineering Proceedings Entropy Environmental Sciences Proceedings Environments Epidemiologia Epigenomes European Burn Journal European Journal of Investigation in Health, Psychology and Education Fermentation Fibers FinTech Fire Fishes Fluids Foods Forecasting Forensic Sciences Forests Fossil Studies Foundations Fractal and Fractional Fuels Future Future Internet Future Pharmacology Future Transportation Galaxies Games Gases Gastroenterology Insights Gastrointestinal Disorders Gastronomy Gels Genealogy Genes Geographies GeoHazards Geomatics Geosciences Geotechnics Geriatrics Gout, Urate, and Crystal Deposition Disease Grasses Hardware Healthcare Hearts Hemato Hematology Reports Heritage Histories Horticulturae Hospitals Humanities Humans Hydrobiology Hydrogen Hydrology Hygiene Immuno Infectious Disease Reports Informatics Information Infrastructures Inorganics Insects Instruments International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health International Journal of Financial Studies International Journal of Molecular Sciences International Journal of Neonatal Screening International Journal of Plant Biology International Journal of Translational Medicine International Journal of Turbomachinery, Propulsion and Power International Medical Education Inventions IoT ISPRS International Journal of Geo-Information J Journal of Ageing and Longevity Journal of Cardiovascular Development and Disease Journal of Clinical & Translational Ophthalmology Journal of Clinical Medicine Journal of Composites Science Journal of Cybersecurity and Privacy Journal of Developmental Biology Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Analyses Journal of Functional Biomaterials Journal of Functional Morphology and Kinesiology Journal of Fungi Journal of Imaging Journal of Intelligence Journal of Low Power Electronics and Applications Journal of Manufacturing and Materials Processing Journal of Marine Science and Engineering Journal of Market Access & Health Policy Journal of Molecular Pathology Journal of Nanotheranostics Journal of Nuclear Engineering Journal of Otorhinolaryngology, Hearing and Balance Medicine Journal of Personalized Medicine Journal of Pharmaceutical and BioTech Industry Journal of Respiration Journal of Risk and Financial Management Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks Journal of Theoretical and Applied Electronic Commerce Research Journal of Vascular Diseases Journal of Xenobiotics Journal of Zoological and Botanical Gardens Journalism and Media Kidney and Dialysis Kinases and Phosphatases Knowledge Laboratories Land Languages Laws Life Limnological Review Lipidology Liquids Literature Livers Logics Logistics Lubricants Lymphatics Machine Learning and Knowledge Extraction Machines Macromol Magnetism Magnetochemistry Marine Drugs Materials Materials Proceedings Mathematical and Computational Applications Mathematics Medical Sciences Medical Sciences Forum Medicina Medicines Membranes Merits Metabolites Metals Meteorology Methane Methods and Protocols Metrology Micro Microbiology Research Micromachines Microorganisms Microplastics Minerals Mining Modelling Molbank Molecules Multimodal Technologies and Interaction Muscles Nanoenergy Advances Nanomanufacturing Nanomaterials NDT Network Neuroglia Neurology International NeuroSci Nitrogen Non-Coding RNA Nursing Reports Nutraceuticals Nutrients Obesities Oceans Onco Optics Oral Organics Organoids Osteology Oxygen Parasitologia Particles Pathogens Pathophysiology Pediatric Reports Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceutics Pharmacoepidemiology Pharmacy Philosophies Photochem Photonics Phycology Physchem Physical Sciences Forum Physics Physiologia Plants Plasma Platforms Pollutants Polymers Polysaccharides Poultry Powders Proceedings Processes Prosthesis Proteomes Psych Psychiatry International Psychoactives Publications Quantum Beam Science Quantum Reports Quaternary Radiation Reactions Real Estate Receptors Recycling Religions Remote Sensing Reports Reproductive Medicine Resources Rheumato Risks Robotics Ruminants Safety Sci Scientia Pharmaceutica Sclerosis Seeds Sensors Separations Sexes Signals Sinusitis Smart Cities Social Sciences Société Internationale d’Urologie Journal Societies Software Soil Systems Solar Solids Spectroscopy Journal Sports Standards Stats Stresses Surfaces Surgeries Surgical Techniques Development Sustainability Sustainable Chemistry Symmetry SynBio Systems Targets Taxonomy Technologies Telecom Textiles Thalassemia Reports Thermo Tomography Tourism and Hospitality Toxics Toxins Transplantology Trauma Care Trends in Higher Education Tropical Medicine and Infectious Disease Universe Urban Science Uro Vaccines Vehicles Venereology Veterinary Sciences Vibration Virtual Worlds Viruses Vision Waste Water Wind Women World World Electric Vehicle Journal Youth Zoonotic Diseases Subscribe © 1996-2024 MDPI (Basel, Switzerland) unless otherwise stated Disclaimer Disclaimer/Publisher’s Note: The statements, opinions and data contained in all publications are solely those of the individual author(s) and contributor(s) and not of MDPI and/or the editor(s). MDPI and/or the editor(s) disclaim responsibility for any injury to people or property resulting from any ideas, methods, instructions or products referred to in the content. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy We use cookies on our website to ensure you get the best experience. Read more about our cookies here. Accept Back to TopTop