Business Intelligence and Analytics Software | Tableau Skip to main content Menu Why Tableau Toggle sub-navigation What Is Tableau Build a Data Culture Tableau Economy The Tableau Community The Salesforce Advantage Our Customers About Tableau Toggle sub-navigation Mission Tableau Research Awards and Recognition Tableau Foundation Equality at Tableau Careers Products Toggle sub-navigation Plans and Pricing Toggle sub-navigation Pricing Calculator Our Platform Tableau Pulse Tableau AI Tableau Desktop Tableau Server Tableau Cloud Tableau Prep CRM Analytics Tableau Public Data Management Advanced Management Embedded Analytics Our Integrations Latest Releases Solutions Toggle sub-navigation Tableau Blueprint By Industry By Department By Technology Dashboard Showcase Tableau Exchange Toggle sub-navigation Accelerators Resources Toggle sub-navigation Getting Started Learn Tableau Toggle sub-navigation Free Training Videos Build Data Literacy Tableau Certification Instructor-led Training Tableau eLearning Academic Programs Data Analytics Insights Teams and Organizations Toggle sub-navigation Premium Support Learning and Certification Professional Services Customer Success Community Toggle sub-navigation Welcome Tableau Public Tableau User Groups Community Leaders DataDev Community Projects Community Forums Blog Customer Stories Webinars Events Support Toggle sub-navigation Knowledge Base Tableau Help All Releases Reference Materials Toggle sub-navigation Articles Whitepapers Developer Program Partners Toggle sub-navigation Find a Partner Pricing Sign In Create Account Search Try Now Buy Now Buy More Licenses Free Training Partner Portal Free Academic License Contact Sales Try Now Cancel Search Registration is now open for Tableau Conference 2024! You know what to do, DataFam: REGISTER NOW Explore data, deliver insights, and take action with Tableau AI. Accelerate decision-making and eliminate repetitive tasks with Tableau Pulse and Einstein Copilot. Intelligent analytics at scale. Watch Demo Try Tableau for Free Tableau Pulse is now generally available. Learn more. Explore the latest data trends in the age of AI. Check out what more than 10,000 analytics, IT, and business leaders have to say about data management and decision-making in the age of AI. The new State of Data and Analytics report covers strategies used to navigate rapid advancements in AI, challenges organizations face in realizing the full potential of their data, and tactics used to manage increasingly extensive and complex data. Get the report Watch Now Tableau helps people see, understand and act on data Our visual analytics platform is transforming the way people use data to solve problems. See why organizations of all sizes trust Tableau to help them be more data-driven. United by data There is no single way to accelerate your Tableau journey, but all roads lead through the Tableau Community. With more than a million members, here you have the power to connect with like-minded people, learn, grow, and be inspired—wherever you are in the world. Our Community The world’s broadest, deepest analytics platform Deploy in the cloud, on-premises, or natively integrate with Salesforce CRM. Connect to all of your data with fully integrated AI/ML capabilities, governance and data management, visual storytelling and collaboration. The Tableau Platform Intuitive products We believe data analysis should be about asking questions and not about learning software. With built-in visual best practices, Tableau provides limitless data exploration without interrupting your flow of analysis. That’s why people love using Tableau. Explore our Products Your partner to build a Data Culture Customers are scaling Tableau faster and more broadly than ever. As a trusted partner, Tableau helps organizations accelerate innovation, improve operations, and better serve their customers. See how Tableau can help you realize the value of your analytics investments, by embracing a Data Culture. Learn more Ride the data wave. Join the DataFam in San Diego for the data event of the year. Up-level your analytics for the future of data and AI. Register now April 29–May 1, 2024 | San Diego and Salesforce+ Viz what you love Join the global qualifier today Get Started Create and share on Tableau Public Join the newsletter and find daily inspiration with the Viz of the Day. Yours could be featured next! Subscribe today MoMA (Mondrian style) Inspired by the Mondrian paintings, this #VizOfTheDay created by MC Boyer explores the artworks presented in the Museum of Modern Art throughout the years. Dive into top artists, types of art, diversity, and more. Interact with the viz DataFam Explained The #DataFam is your gateway to unlimited learning, inspiration and connection. Discover four tips to connect with other Tableau users passionate about data visualization, analytics, and data storytelling. Watch Now Analytics for everyone With any data, from anywhere. For Analysts Learn more For IT Learn more See how Tableau customers turn insights into action See all of our customer stories Whole Foods Market democratizes data for 18k employees. Read more Keybank empowers 10k employees with actionable insights in Tableau Read more JLR delivers £250M in business value with Tableau Read more Dubai Airports identifies new revenue streams with Tableau. Read more Get AI-powered analytics with Tableau’s latest product release. New in 24.1: Tableau Pulse GA, Amazon Marketplace availability, and Viz Navigation for Text Table. Explore 24.1 Start free trial Try Tableau for free Download and start your free trial today START FREE TRIAL Buy now Get Tableau today Choose the best analytics option for you Buy Now English (US) English (US) Deutsch English (UK) Español Français (Canada) Français (France) Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Português Svenska ไทย 简体中文 繁體中文 System Status Blog Developer Careers Contact Us Legal Privacy Uninstall Cookie Preferences Your Privacy Choices LinkedIn Facebook Twitter ©2024 Salesforce, Inc.