/Film | Movie & TV News, Trailers, Interviews, & Reviews × NEWS MOVIES TV TRAILERS REVIEWS EXCLUSIVES FEATURES Newsletter Podcasts About Editorial Policies Reviews Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved NEWS MOVIES TV TRAILERS REVIEWS EXCLUSIVES FEATURES Newsletter One Of Dune: Part Two's Creepier Moments Was Improvised By Austin Butler Colin Farrell's TV Year Kicks Off With The Trailer For Sugar, His Apple TV+ Noir Drama Dune: Part Two Demands That Timothée Chalamet Step Up His Game – And He Pulls It Off More Stories Television /Devin Meenan Colin Farrell's TV Year Kicks Off With The Trailer For Sugar, His Apple TV+ Noir Drama Here's your first look at Colin Farrell's new noir detective series for Apple TV+, Sugar. Read More Exclusives /Hannah Shaw-Williams Dune: Part Two Demands That Timothée Chalamet Step Up His Game – And He Pulls It Off Paul Atreides has a far more complex character arc in Dune: Part Two than in the first movie, but Timothée Chalamet nails the transformation. Read More Movies /Joe Roberts A Sci-Fi Crime Franchise Is Doing Double Time In Netflix's Top Charts Stephen and Robbie Amell's sci-fi crime thrillers Code 8 and Code 8: Part II are currently ruling the Netflix charts the world over. Read More Movies /Jeremy Smith There's One Element Of Schindler's List That Director Steven Spielberg Still Doesn't Understand Decades after directing Schindler's List, Steven Spielberg has admitted he could never quite find Schindler's 'Rosebud moment.' Read More Television /Sandy Schaefer How Game Of Thrones Creators Ended Up Swapping Star Wars For Netflix's 3 Body Problem Game of Thrones duo David Benioff and D.B. Weiss wanted to try something new after their Star Wars film fell apart, leading them to Netflix's 3 Body Problem. Read More Movies /BJ Colangelo Here's When You Can Watch Argylle At Home If you didn't catch the film in theaters (or if you actively chose to wait until VOD release), here's how to watch Argylle at home. Read More Movies /Michael Boyle How A Major Dune 2 Death Changes From The Book In Frank Herbert's Dune book, a completely different character actually kills Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, but there's a good reason for that change in the movie. Read More Movies /Ryan Scott Try To Survive The World Of Arrakis In The Dune: Awakening Video Game Trailer If Denis Villeneuve's Dune films whet your appetite for more sandworms, Dune: Awakening looks a great way to spend much more time on Arrakis. Read More Movies /BJ Colangelo The Most Confusing Moments In Jake Johnson's Self Reliance Explained Confused about the comedy Self Reliance, directed by and starring Jake Johnson? Here are the movie's confusing elements explained. Read More Movies /Ben Pearson Adam Sandler's First Major Dramatic Performance Is Still His Best The Netflix movie Spaceman is the latest film to utilize Adam Sandler as a dramatic actor, but Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love still did it best. Read More News /Ryan Scott 5 Reasons Dune: Part Two Conquered The Box Office Dune: Part Two is a huge hit at the box office. Here are five reasons why people were excited to return to Arrakis. Read More Movies /Ethan Anderton Cool Stuff: Slimer And Ghost Trap Popcorn Buckets Emerge For Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire has some new popcorn buckets in the shape of Slimer and a ghost trap available at AMC Theatres and Cinemark. Check them out! Read More Movies /Debopriyaa Dutta Alan Ritchson's 7 Best Roles That Aren't Reacher, Ranked He may be known as Reacher, but there's more to Alan Ritchson than that popular character. Here are the best Alan Ritchson roles ranked. Read More Movies /Ryan Scott Dune 2 Just Gave The Box Office Its Biggest Boost Since Barbenheimer It's official: Dune: Part Two is a sandworm-sized hit at the box office - and the biggest box office boost since Barbenheimer. Read More Television /Ben Pearson Kate Winslet Provides An Update On Mare Of Easttown Season 2 Is Kate Winslet ready to get back in the saddle as Mare for a continuation of HBO's Mare of Easttown? Here's what the actor had to say in a recent interview. Read More Movies /Danielle Ryan Why Liam Neeson 'Lost It' Before Shooting His First Scene For Schindler's List The reality of Schindler's List became crystal clear to Liam Neeson just before filming his first scene, and it hit him something fierce. Read More Movies /Ryan Scott The Scrapped Godzilla IMAX Short That Led To The MonsterVerse A never-made 40-minute Godzilla IMAX 3D movie indirectly resulted in the MonsterVerse. Read More Movies /Witney Seibold The Correct Order To Watch The Ice Age Movies Unless you're a parent or were very young in 2002, you have likely lost track of the Ice Age movies. Here's our handy-dandy guide to the animated franchise. Read More Movies /Jeremy Smith Christopher Nolan Originally Conceived Inception As A Horror Movie Before Inception became the cerebral action-heist flick we know it as today, Christopher Nolan thought of it as a horror movie. Read More Movies /Shae Sennett Legendary Director Billy Wilder Asked Steven Spielberg To Let Him Direct Schindler's List Billy Wilder, the director of Some Like It Hot and The Apartment, had a personal link to Schindler's List and asked Spielberg if he could direct it himself. Read More Television /Jeremy Mathai Andrew Scott Cons His Way Into Trouble In Netflix's Ripley Trailer Andrew Scott brings Patricia Highsmith's infamous grifter to stylish life in the new trailer for the Netflix series Ripley. Read More Movies /Sandy Schaefer Oblivion's Bubble Ship Could Have Been Much Different If It Weren't For Tom Cruise Tom Cruise knows his way around the cockpit, including that of the bubble ship in Joseph Kosinski's sci-fi flick Oblivion. Read More Television /Devin Meenan Dune Villain Baron Harkonnen Had A Bizarre Anime Cameo The influence of Dune stretches across the globe, as evidenced by the time the Hellsing anime directly referenced the villainous Baron Vladimir Harkonnen. Read More Movies /Michael Boyle One Emotional Dune Scene Had Kyle MacLachlan Intensely Frustrated Kyle MacLachlan, who played Paul Atreides in David Lynch's Dune, found himself frustrated when he couldn't generate the proper response in an emotional scene. Read More Movies /Rafael Motamayor Mad Max: Fury Road's Dusty Desert Conditions Had The Cast And Crew Constantly 'Choking' While shooting Mad Max: Fury Road in the desert, the cast and crew frequently found themselves choking on dust. Read More Movies /BJ Colangelo Why We Never Saw These Bizarre Dune Movies From Alejandro Jodorowsky to Ridley Scott, numerous directors have created bizarre visions for Dune movie adaptations that never made it to the screen. Read More Movies /Witney Seibold Godzilla Vs. Kong Has A Jason X Reference That Went Unnoticed By Many Believe it or not (you can probably believe it), Godzilla vs Kong features a reference to slasher sequel Jason X. Read More Movies /Bill Bria Blumhouse Wrote A Truth Or Dare Sequel That We Never Got To See The sequel to the Blumhouse horror movie Truth or Dare would have taken a page from another famous slasher franchise. Read More Television /Jeremy Smith Why Lynda Carter Got In Trouble For Her Wonder Woman Helicopter Stunt Lynda Carter pulled a stunt on the set of Wonder Woman that would make Tom Cruise proud. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / SlashFilm.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.