American Jewish Committee - Support Jews Around the World Skip to main content Main navigation AJC Home Who We Are About AJC Leadership Our Impact Global Offices U.S. Regional Offices Project Interchange Alexander Young Leadership Department Careers Archives and History Issues Israel Antisemitism Radicalism & Extremism BDS Interreligious Human Rights Take Action Action Alerts / Petitions Resources on Israel Under Attack AJC Task Force to Implement the U.S. National Strategy #TranslateHate The State of Antisemitism in America Report AJC's Call to Action Against Antisemitism AJC at the UN General Assembly Stand with Ukraine Advocacy Anywhere Global Forum Register for AJC Global Forum 2024 AJC Global Forum 2023 News and Video Resources Global Voice Antisemitism Resources Israel Resources Iran Resources Student Resources Support Our Work Donate Donor Recognition Societies National Leadership Council Marshall Society AJC Visionaries Create Your Legacy Planned Giving Search Sort by Relevance Date Title Secondary navigation Languages English Español Français Deutsch Global Offices Media Podcasts Header Follow Links Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Donate ACT NOW: Congress Must Take Immediate Action to Counter Antisemitism! See the Results DONATE Global Voice What Everyone Needs to Know About Hamas’ Lie About Gaza Aid Stampede 3.4.2024 Read More What It’s Like to Be Jewish at Harvard Among Antisemites and Hamas Supporters 2.29.2024 Listen to the Podcast News and Analysis Sign Up to Stay Informed Email address Advocating for the Jewish people and Israel. Defending democratic values for all. Advocating for the Jewish people and Israel. Defending democratic values for all. With more than 75 offices, institutes, and international partnerships, American Jewish Committee (AJC) is there wherever the Jewish people need us. We address the critical challenges facing Jews worldwide, seek out the boldest opportunities on their behalf, and work to build a stronger global Jewish community. Global Offices Who We Are U.S. Regional Offices Global Offices United States: AJC’s headquarters in New York, government affairs office in Washington, D.C., and regional offices across the country advance AJC’s advocacy and coalition-building efforts. Latin America: AJC’s Belfer Institute for Latino and Latin American Affairs develops and strengthens ties among Latin America, Spain, Portugal, U.S. Latino communities, and Israel. Europe: With offices in Berlin, Brussels, Paris, and Warsaw, and representatives in Budapest, Prague, Rome, and Sofia, AJC promotes cooperation among Europe, the U.S., and Israel, and partners with local Jewish communities. Israel / Middle East: With offices in Jerusalem and Abu Dhabi, AJC works on the ground in Israel and across the Arab world to reimagine the Middle East. Africa: AJC’s Africa Institute partners with African governments, civil society, and diaspora communities to build coalitions that facilitate cooperation between African countries and Israel. Asia Pacific: With staff in India, Japan, Southeast Asia, and the U.S., AJC’s Asia Pacific Institute cultivates and expands key relationships in a vital region. Project Interchange Connecting leaders worldwide with Israel Learn More Taking Action on Issues that Matter Israel Learn More Timeline: Key Events in the Israel-Arab and Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Antisemitism Learn More 5 Key Takeaways from AJC’s State of Antisemitism in America 2023 Report Radicalism & Extremism Learn More 5 Things to Know About the Houthis, Their Attacks on Israel and the U.S., and Their Treatment of Yemen’s Jews BDS Learn More Tough Questions on the Anti-Israel BDS Movement Answered Interreligious Relations Learn More AJC Welcomes White House Efforts to Combat Hate Against Muslims in America Human Rights Learn More What You Need to Know About the Latest International Court of Justice Action in the Case Against Israel Sign Up to Stay Informed Email address Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Donate AJC's mission is to enhance the well-being of the Jewish people and Israel, and to advance human rights and democratic values in the United States and around the world.© Copyright 2024 AJC Footer menu Global Voice Who We Are Leadership Global Offices Regional Offices Alexander Young Leadership Department Archives and History Careers Issues Israel BDS Antisemitism Radicalism & Extremism Interreligious Human Rights Take Action Global Forum Support Our Work Donate Donor Recognition Societies Planned Giving Legal and Finance Information Administrative Policies Form 990 Audited Financial Statements Privacy Policy Podcast Contact Us Global Offices AJC Abu Dhabi: The Sidney Lerner Center for Arab-Jewish Understanding AJC Africa Institute AJC Asia Pacific Institute AJC Berlin Lawrence and Lee Ramer Institute for German-Jewish Relations AJC Paris Shapiro Silverberg AJC Central Europe (Warsaw) AJC Transatlantic Institute (Brussels) Arthur and Rochelle Belfer Institute for Latino and Latin American Affairs AJC Jerusalem Foreign Language Websites AJC Berlin (German) AJC Español (Spanish) AJC Paris (French)