ReviewMeta.com - Amazon Review Checker Browser Extensions Home Categories FAQs How It Works Blog Seller Tools Go ReviewMeta is a metrics tool for evaluating Amazon reviews We are in no way affiliated with or responsible for any products bought on Amazon. We only provide an analysis of user reviews. Our estimate is based on deep data analysis. PASS/FAIL/WARN does not necessarily prove the presence or absence of ‘fake’ reviews. By using our site, you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We may use cookies to provide a better experience. I understand and agree Watch Me: Why is ReviewMeta.com a Must-Have for Amazon Shoppers? Watch Me Close Why is ReviewMeta.com a Must-Have for Amazon Shoppers? Free Phone Apps Free Browser Extensions Copy & Paste an Amazon Product Page URL RUN REPORT Categories Phone Apps Browser Extensions FAQs How It Works Blog Forum Seller Tools Copy & Paste a Product URL RUN REPORT ReviewMeta analyzes Amazon product reviews and filters out reviews that our algorithm detects may be unnatural. Copy & Paste an Amazon Product Page URL: Go Dear Adblock Users - We get it. Ads are annoying and nobody clicks on them anyway However, servers and staff are expensive! We are not going to ask you for money or banner clicks. Instead, we ask that you please share our site. Letting other people know about our tool is much more valuable to us than a few ad impressions. Why is ReviewMeta.com a Must-Have for Amazon Shoppers? Free Phone Apps Free Browser Extensions Currently analyzingreviews on 6,133,474Products 541,059Products 277,566Products 9,101Products 1,009,583Products 220,094Products 134,933Products 92,810Products 60,274Products 51,835Products 354Products 9,762Products 2,223Products 868Products ReviewMeta.com is completely independent of Amazon. We are NOT a replacement for reading reviews; we're an Amazon review checker tool that analyzes reviews and helps improve your shopping experience. Our review analysis does not guarantee whether or not fake reviews are or are not present - we're simply showing you some detailed stats and making an educated guess. Recent Reports 4er 5W GU4 MR11 LED Lampen, LED Spot Gluehbirne Strahler Lampe Leuchte AC/DC 12V, 35mm Durchmesser,... From Allesgute Original: 0.0 187 Ratings Adjusted: 4.6 47 Reviews View Report Mecano Smart1500 Universal Motor 1500 W 120bar 6.5L/Min Flow High Pressure Washer for Cars/Bikes... From mecano Original: 4.2 286 Ratings Adjusted: 4.2 86 Reviews View Report yeedi k700 Saugroboter mit Wischfunktion, Visual-SLAM-Navigation, 2000Pa, 600ml Staubbehälter,... From yeedi Original: 4.2 371 Ratings Adjusted: 4.2 114 Reviews View Report See the top 10 best and worst reports About ReviewMeta.com Have you ever purchased a 5-star product on Amazon that turned out to be a complete piece of garbage? Sadly, virtually everyone has had this frustrating experience... and more than once!One of the reasons people love shopping on Amazon is that you can see all of the product ratings and reviews left by other shoppers. In theory, these reviews and ratings help you know which products are good and which are bad. Unfortunately, though, many of the Amazon reviews cannot be trusted.Despite Amazon's best efforts, Amazon sellers have found all kinds of ways to "game the system" to artificially inflate their products' ratings (and also to artificially lower their competitors' ratings). You can read about some of the most common techniques in our blog. The bottom line, though, is that a significant portion of the Amazon reviews and ratings you see are NOT from legitimate, typical shoppers like you. Many of the reviews are biased (from family/friends of the seller), incentivized (the seller gave the reviewer a huge discount or kick-back or even gave them the product for free) or otherwise unnatural.That's why we created Review Meta. Our mission is to use technology to identify and remove all of these unnatural reviews to give Amazon shoppers a more accurate "Adjusted Rating" that shows what true, unbiased shoppers really think of each product... a rating you can trust!Other Amazon review checker sites/tools assign a letter grade (A, B, C, D or F) to each product. We don't do that... we think it's confusing. If you're looking at a 4.7-star product that was given a "B" or "C" grade, what does that really mean? Is it a good product or not? Presumably, a "B" or "C" means that some of the reviews are fake or unnatural... but what does that say about the legitimate, natural reviews? What if some (or all) of the unnatural reviews were actually posted by the seller's competitors as a way to sabotage their competition? (This is quite common, by the way, especially with lower-cost items.) A letter grade of "B" or "C" is extremely unclear.Our review analysis is far superior...We use a wide variety of "tests" to identify reviews that may be unnaturalDepending on those test results, we then either a) remove those reviews completely or b) give those reviews lesser "weight"We then show you an "Adjusted Rating" for each product (using the same 1.0 - 5.0 star rating Amazon uses), based on only the natural, legitimate reviewsSo a 4.7-star product on Amazon might end up with an "Adjusted Rating" of 2.6 or 3.5 or 4.2 or 4.7 (the same) or even 4.9 (yes, higher than the original Amazon rating). In addition to showing you the product's Adjusted Rating, we also show you the results of each test we've run so you can read and analyze the results yourself.Review Meta is a must-have for anyone who regularly shops on Amazon. And to make it as convenient as possible, we've developed free phone apps for iPhone and Android as well as free browser extensions for Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Microsoft Edge.Never buy anything on Amazon again without first checking its true rating at Review Meta! How it Works Frequently Asked Questions ReviewMeta Adjusted Rating Streamline your experience with the ReviewMeta Browser Extension! More than just Fake Reviews: Why ReviewMeta.com detects all types of bias Analysis of 7 million Amazon reviews: customers who receive free or discounted item much more likely to write positive review AS SEEN ON English Français Deutsche Español Italiano Portugues 日本語 All trademarks and images are trademark of their respective owner. ReviewMeta.com is completely independent of Amazon. We do not warrant or guarantee any of the information contained on this site. We are making no assertions about the products or brands themselves; only opinions on the reviews. FAQs Press Contact Us API Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletter Sign-Up Yes, I consent to my personal data being used to receive useful content for my brand, VIP event invites, and more information from ReviewMeta. You can unsubscribe anytime. For more details, please review our Privacy Policy Please, accept permissions to continue... Back to top ↑ Follow Us: ReviewMeta.com is NOT part of the Amazon affiliate program and does NOT receive compensation from Amazon. Back to Top ↑