Viddler | Engage Product Login Blog Schedule a demo Engage and RetainYour Staff Viddler helps hospital networks build stronger relationships with their employees and the communities they serve through our Staff Engagement Platform. Our software assists in facilitating a Culture of Engagement which mitigates retention and disengagement issues within healthcare networks. Watch a Video Example 70% Staff ParticipationEach Month 3x Increase inSocial Shares 50,000+ EngagedHealthcare Pros "It is great because all of our service lines are becoming more engaged in our program and want to be part of it" Mary Beth Golab Director of Internal Communications St. Luke's University Health Network Build a Culture of Engagement throughConsistent Video Stories and Analytics. Our Staff Engagement Platform has got it covered for you. Share and promote video stories with all staff and locations. Determine employee engagement through user analytics of the video content. Viddler makes the hardest parts of building a Culture of Engagement in your hospital network simple, making it easier to create an emotional connection with your staff. Inspiring Video Stories Video stories are stored in a content library accessible to all employees. Notifications are sent to staff when new videos are available. Points System Points are awarded to employees for each new video watched, for knowledge questions answered, and for shares on social media. Incentives and Rewards Points are accumulated and can be redeemed for branded gear. To date, over 250,000 pieces of branded gear have been distributed to employees representing their hospital's brand. Reporting Review employee engagement levels and determine ROI through identifying key metrics like: highly engaged staff, unengaged staff, top videos, social media shares, and more! How does our Staff Engagement Platform work? Get and keep staff on the same page Seamlessly Communicate to multiple departments and locations Increase Retention across all staff levels Provide Incentives to increase engagement and performance Develop pride within your network and partners Recognize employees for milestone anniversaries and jobs well done How Viddler Benefits Your Department Internal Communications Ensure messages are seen and understood by more staff. HR Engage staff and promote a sense of satisfaction in the workspace Marketing Encourage growth of team culture and community outreach Ready to Try it yourself Company Contact Blog About Login Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Call Us 888.444.1119 Recent Posts What are the Most Successful Videos in … The Best Way to Build Emotional … A Better Way to Connect with Front Line … ©2023 Viddler, Inc. All Rights Reserved Video content subject to copyright by their respective owners. “Viddler” and the Viddler logo are registered trademarks of Viddler, Inc. Viddler, Inc. owns other registered and unregistered trade and service marks. Products and services provided by Viddler are covered in whole or part by US Patent No. 8,392,821.