Stacker | Expert analysis, digestible stories Skip to main content Social Twitter Facebook RSS for News Partners Search Main navigation Home News Money Sports Entertainment Science Lifestyle Travel Local About Us Politics The presidential candidate raising the most from individual donations in each state Education Student test scores are falling across the world. Is the pandemic to blame? Movies How much does it cost to win Best Picture? Breaking down the biggest and smallest budgets. Education In some school districts, it's the end of the snow day Music Are the Grammys biased against hip-hop and rap? Here's what the numbers say. Environment Risky reservoirs: States where aging dams pose the greatest threat Health Medical care costs are up 30% in the past decade—here's what it means for Americans Society Indigenous data warriors and the ongoing fight for data sovereignty Art & Culture Inside the book-ban machine: The rise of 'parental rights' groups and their efforts to ban books Real Estate Undeterred by climate change, US homeowners are moving to climate-vulnerable areas Environment How wildfires have worsened in recent decades Movies 100 best movies of all time News News The 10 most dangerous things inside every home may surprise you News How a national shortage of truck parking impacts more than just truckers News How telematics could lower insurance premiums for safe drivers—and help discourage bad driving habits Money Money What $100K is worth in the largest U.S. cities: A 2024 study Money Average auto loan debt grew 5.2% in 2023. How will it affect car buyers in 2024? Money As the average credit card balance surpasses $6.5K, here's how to tackle debt on a budget Money While average personal debt has dropped since 2019, a third of Americans say they're carrying the highest debt ever Sports Sports Everything you need to know about going to Super Bowl LVIII Sports Girls high school sports participation is up from a decade ago, but still lags behind boys Sports Here's why Americans spend nearly 4 times more money gambling at casinos than in the lottery Sports States where sports betting will be legalized soon Entertainment Entertainment Take laughter, add tears: The secret recipe for the most-liked Super Bowl ads Entertainment From 'Spacewar!' to 'Starfield': A history of video gaming Entertainment What to know when renting out your space for film shoots Entertainment 50 best talk shows in TV history Science Science 10 cities that attract the most science and engineering college grads Science So sweet: How added sugar is skewing US nutrition Science 22 of the biggest scientific discoveries of 2022 Science How human height has changed over time—and what might be behind it Lifestyle Lifestyle Almost half of Americans have not written a single check in the past year — here's what they're doing instead Lifestyle Americans sleep least in these U.S. cities – 2024 study Lifestyle States where people own the most motorcycles Lifestyle When it comes to personal grooming, these hair and body landscaping habits are tops with Americans Travel Travel The US airlines most likely to arrive on time in the last year Travel Most Boeing 737-9 MAX aircraft are back in service, but how safe are they? Travel Growing number of US airports use biometric facial recognition Travel Top 100 city destinations in the world Trending Now Movies 100 best John Wayne movies TV 100 best 'SNL' episodes Education 50 best colleges on the East Coast Movies 45 of the best college movies Retrospective Milestones in women's history from the year you were born TV 100 best TV shows of all time Military 60 historic photos from American military history TV Best Law & Order SVU episodes Movies 100 best films of the 21st century, according to critics TV Best sitcoms of all time History Major newspaper headlines from the year you were born TV 50 best crime TV shows of all time Movies Top 50 women-directed movies of the last 10 years Movies 50 best movies of the '60s Careers 50 most meaningful jobs in America Movies 50 best space movies of all time Movies Best drama movies from the last decade Movies Best black and white films of all time TV 50 longest-running TV series Politics Experts rank the best U.S. presidents of all time Music Top 100 country songs of all time Footer About Us Our Team Careers News Partnerships Stacker Studio Editorial Standards Blog Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap Terms & Conditions Social Twitter Facebook RSS for News Partners © Stacker 2024. All rights reserved. Back to top