Global | Leading UK media company offering radio and outdoor advertising uk uk 81.20.52.44 Your privacy is important to us. We want to better help you understand how and why we use your data. View our Privacy Statement for more details. We also use cookies on for personalisation, analytics and ads. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of these cookies. Accept radio outdoor DAX global player advertise global goodness about contact Global Careers UK UKUnited Kingdom NINorthern Ireland IEIreland ESSpain NLNetherlands USUnited States CACanada on-air on global player outdoor On-air, on Global Player and outdoor – through these platforms combined, we entertain and reach over 51 million individuals across the UK every week. what's new 4 March 2024 The Global Awards 2024 27 February 2024 Global Group Chief Executive Stephen Miron to step down in March 2025 Global, the Media & Entertainment Group, today announced that its Group Chief Executive, Stephen Miron, intends to step down after 16 years… 21 February 2024 Jordan North Revealed as New Host of Capital Breakfast 20 February 2024 Lotto becomes first ever sponsor of Heart’s Make Me A Millionaire – the biggest game on UK radio The National Lottery has partnered with Global, the Media & Entertainment Group – with its flagship game Lotto becoming the first ever… 20 February 2024 Richard Hammond co-hosts brand-new podcast series with his daughter Izzy Hammond 19 February 2024 Roman Kemp confirms he is stepping down from Capital Breakfast 10 years after presenting his first show for Capital, his last programme will be Thursday 28th March The new Capital Breakfast show… More news advertise with global UK’s No.1 Hit Music Station, reaching 7.9m weekly UK listeners UK’s largest commercial radio brand, reaching 11.5m weekly UK listeners UK’s third largest commercial radio brand, reaching 6.2m weekly UK listeners UK’s most popular Classic music brand, reaching 4.7m weekly UK listeners Home to the biggest personalities, reaching 2.2m weekly UK listeners A golden era for music, reaching 1.7m weekly UK listeners Britain’s biggest commercial news talk brand, reaching 3m weekly UK listeners Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live outdoor Global is the leading outdoor media company in the UK and one of the largest in Europe, with an extensive portfolio of over 253,000 sites combining airports, roadside posters, premium digital screens and more. Together, our outdoor inventory reaches over 95% of the UK population and beyond. More Info global player Learn more DAX global goodness careers. careers. careers. careers. Working at Global isn’t just a job – it’s an experience. global careers Figures sourced from: RAJAR / Ipsos-MORI / RSMB Main Menu radio outdoor DAX global player advertise global goodness about contact More from Global global awards what's new careers scheduling legal & regulatory international sales Contact Global 30 Leicester Square London WC2H 7LA 020 7766 6000 info@global.com © Global 2024 • legal • privacy • cookies • modern slavery • terms of use • acceptable use • bug bounty • accessibility • Accessibility mode is off • Privacy manager Web Design by TWK