BetterHelp | Professional Therapy With A Licensed Therapist Cookie Consent We process personally identifiable information ("PII") and personal health information to conduct our business and provide you with effective service as described in our Privacy Policy. Some data processing and sharing is required for our product to function and cannot be disabled. If you click 'I Agree', we may also share PII with third party advertising partners to deliver more relevant ads and with analytics partners to improve our services. To learn about who we share your data with and why or to opt out, go to Sharing Settings. Sharing Settings I Agree Skip to Main Content Open menu Get started Business About Advice FAQ Reviews Therapist jobs Contact Login Get started You deserve to be happy. What type of therapy are you looking for? Individual For myself Couples For me and my partner Teen For my child The world's largest therapy service.100% online. 366573161 Messages, chat, phone, video sessions 35427 Credentialled therapists ready to help 4539111 People got help Professional and credentialled therapists who you can trust Tap into the world's largest network of credentialled and experienced therapists who can help you with a range of issues including depression, anxiety, relationships, trauma, grief, and more. With our therapists, you get the same professionalism and quality you would expect from an in-office therapist, but with the ability to communicate when and how you want. Get matched to a therapist How it works Get matched to the best therapist for you Answer a few questions to find a credentialled therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Tap into the largest network of credentialled providers. Communicate your way Talk to your therapist however you feel comfortable — text, chat, phone, or video. Therapy when you need it You can message your therapist at anytime, from anywhere. You also get to schedule live sessions when it's convenient for you, and can connect from any mobile device or computer. BetterHelp vs. traditional in-office therapy BetterHelp In-office Provided by a credentialled therapist All therapists are credentialled with relevant experience and qualifications for their respective professional organizations Yes Yes In-office visits Commute to the therapist's location, spend time in the waiting room, sit in their office No Yes Messaging any time Send and receive messages to your therapist, no scheduling required! Yes No Chat sessions Real-time conversation over instant messaging Yes No Phone sessions Talk with your therapist over the phone at a scheduled time Yes No Video sessions Face-to-face session with your therapist over video at a scheduled time Yes No See more benefits... Easy scheduling Have a full look at your therapist's schedule and pick a time that works for you Yes No Digital worksheets 150+ digital worksheets and modules that support the therapy process Yes No Group sessions Free access to 20+ weekly live interactive group seminars delivered by expert therapists Yes Unsure Smart provider matching Get matched to a therapist from a pool of over 35,000 providers based on your needs, preferences, and demographics Yes No Easy to switch providers If you're unhappy with your therapist, click a button and get matched to another provider Yes No Access therapy from anywhere Using a phone or computer you can reach out to your therapist anytime, from anywhere Yes No I can actually see progress in my mental health which is something I haven't been able to say in 15 years and it's thanks to her. Member review for Virginia Truglio (LCSW, MSW) Michelle listens and provides excellent guidance through life's situations. Member review for Michelle Wilkinson (MA, LPC-S) Susan is amazing in her insights and conversational approach. I am so glad and blessed to have found her and started healing with her guidance. Member review for Susan Hargett (LPC, NCC, YACEP) More success stories Frequently asked questions Who are the therapists? Therapists on BetterHelp are credentialled, trained, and experienced Practitioner Psychologists, Counsellors, or similar applicable recognized professional certification. Therapists must have a relevant academic degree in their field, at least 3 years of experience, and have to be qualified and credentialled by their respective professional organization after successfully completing the necessary education, exams, training, practice, and ongoing supervision requirements. Who will be helping me? After you sign up, we will match you to an available therapist who fits your objectives, preferences, and the type of issues you are dealing with. Different therapists have different approaches and areas of focus, so it's important to find the right person who can achieve the best results for you. We have found that we are able to provide a successful match most of the time; however, if you start the process and you feel your therapist isn't a good fit for you, you may elect to be matched to a different therapist. Is BetterHelp right for me? BetterHelp may be right for you if you're looking to improve the quality of your life. Whenever there is anything that interferes with your happiness or prevents you from achieving your goals, we may be able to help. We also have therapists who specialize in specific issues such as stress, anxiety, relationships, parenting, depression, addictions, eating, sleeping, trauma, anger, family conflicts, LGBT matters, grief, religion, self esteem, and more. BetterHelp is not the right solution for you if any of the following is true: You are a minor or you are under the care of a legal guardian You are in an urgent crisis or an emergency situation You were required to undergo therapy either by a court order or by any other authority You do not have a device that can connect to the Internet or you do not have a reliable Internet connection How much does it cost? The cost of therapy through BetterHelp ranges from $65 to $90 per week (billed every 4 weeks) and it is based on your location, source, preferences, and therapist availability. You can cancel your membership at any time, for any reason. After I sign up, how long until I'm matched with a therapist? In most cases within 24 hours or less. How will I communicate with my therapist? You can get therapy in four ways: Exchanging messages with your therapist Chatting live with your therapist Speaking over the phone with your therapist Video conferencing with your therapist You can use different ways at different times as you wish, based on your needs, availability, and convenience. Learn more about online therapy. Can BetterHelp substitute for traditional face-to-face therapy? The professionals who work through BetterHelp are licensed and credentialed therapists who were certified by their state's board to provide therapy and counseling. However, while the service may have similar benefits, it's not capable of substituting for traditional face-to-face therapy in every case. Please note that your provider won't be able to make any official diagnosis, to fulfill any court order or prescribe medication. How long can I use BetterHelp? This depends on your needs and varies a lot from one person to another. Some people feel they get most of the value after just a few weeks, while others prefer to stick to the program for an extended period of time. This is completely up to you. How can I be sure that this is an effective form of therapy? There are many studies that confirm the effectiveness of the online medium for making life changes. For example, a study published by JMIR Publications and conducted by researchers from University of California - Berkeley, University of California - San Francisco, and the San Francisco General Hospital concluded that "users of BetterHelp experienced significantly reduced depression symptom severity after engaging with the platform." You can read the full study here. Our confidence in the platform comes primarily from the feedback and testimonials we receive from users. Every day, we are excited to hear from more people about the way this service helped them make a tremendous change in their lives. More frequently asked questions Get started Give the gift of a BetterHelp membership Therapy is one of the most meaningful gifts you can give to your friends and loved ones. Gift a membership Ã— Your session is about to expire! You will be logged out in seconds. Keep me active Log out If you are in a crisis or any other person may be in danger - don't use this site. These resources can provide you with immediate help. Home Business About FAQ Reviews Advice Careers Find a Therapist Online Therapy Contact For Therapists Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sharing Settings Web Accessibility © 2024 BetterHelp × Link Expired We're sorry, the link you're trying to use has expired. Close Would you like to be transferred to Regain.us (operated by BetterHelp), where you can get couples therapy for you and your partner? Please use the escape key to dismiss this modal dialog Continue with BetterHelp (individual therapy) Go to Regain.us (couples therapy) Would you like to be transferred to TeenCounseling.com (operated by BetterHelp), where you can get therapy for your child? Please use the escape key to dismiss this modal dialog Continue with BetterHelp (individual therapy) Go to TeenCounseling.com (therapy for your child) You are being transferred to our sister site TeenCounseling.com, which serves clients aged 13 to 19. Please use the tab key to go to TeenCounseling Go to TeenCounseling.com Your account recovery request has been sent Your request has been successfully sent to our support team. They will respond as quickly as possible, which may take up to 1 business day. Close