Wells Fargo Bank | Financial Services & Online Banking Skip to main content ATMs/Locations Help About Us Español Sign On MENU How can we help? ‍ Find a location ‍ City, State or ZIP Go ‍ Make an appointment ‍ City, State or ZIP Go ‍ Quick help ‍ Customer service and FAQs Find routing and account numbers Popular FAQs How do I find my routing and account numbers? Is there a fee for Zelle®? How do I report suspected fraud? See more FAQs ‍ Search selected Personal Checking Savings & CDs Credit Cards Home Loans Personal Loans Auto Loans Premier Education & Tools Investing & Wealth Management Small Business Commercial Banking Corporate & Investment Banking ATMs/Locations Customer service and FAQs About Us Español ‍ Search ‍Back View all checking accounts Compare checking accounts Clear Access BankingSM An account that helps you spend only what you have in it Prime Checking Many discounts and benefits are included with this interest-bearing account Everyday Checking Our most popular account for managing day-to-day financial needs Premier Checking An interest-bearing account with our premier level of relationship banking benefits Student/teen banking Account options ideal for teens and students BANKING SERVICES Routing and account numbers Overdraft services Security and fraud Checking FAQs Global remittance Make an appointment Foreign exchange Activate debit card DIGITAL BANKING Wells Fargo Online® Wells Fargo Mobile® app Transfer and pay Report fraud ‍ Search ‍Back View all savings accounts Check all rates Way2Save® Savings Build your savings automatically Platinum Savings Access to our highest savings account rates Wells Fargo CDs Provide a guaranteed rate of return, even during uncertain times Kids Savings A good way to start your children on the road to financial success BANKING SERVICES Routing and account numbers Tax center Security and fraud Savings FAQs Global remittance Make an appointment Foreign exchange DIGITAL BANKING Wells Fargo Online® Wells Fargo Mobile® app Transfer and pay ‍ Search ‍Back View all credit cards See if you're prequalified Cash back credit cards Rewards credit cards 0% intro APR credit cards Travel credit cards Balance transfer credit cards No annual fee credit cards CREDIT CARD SERVICES Confirm credit card Wells Fargo Rewards® Request a balance transfer EDUCATION & TOOLS Respond to mail offer Digital wallets Credit card FAQs FICO® Credit Score ‍ Search ‍Back View home loans Check mortgage rates Buy a home Get started on your homeownership journey Refinance your mortgage Do home repairs, reduce payments, or more First-time home buyers See low down payment options and key steps Current customers Manage your account with our digital tools Get prequalified Know how much you qualify for in minutes Start your home search Access our exclusive tool for customers MORTGAGE SERVICES Manage your account Payment assistance Mortgage payment options Disaster assistance EDUCATION & TOOLS Mortgage calculator Mortgage Learning Center How much house can I afford? ‍ Search ‍Back See my loan options Personal loans Learn how a personal loan can help you with funds for life events like graduations and weddings, adoption and fertility, or other needs Loans for home improvement Use a personal loan to pay for home renovations and repairs Finance a large expense Pay for new appliances, car repairs, medical expenses, and more Consolidate debt Combine your higher-interest debt into one manageable payment PERSONAL LOAN SERVICES How to apply for a loan How to make a payment EDUCATION & TOOLS Check your rate and loan options Debt consolidation calculator Understanding credit and debt Paying for unexpected expenses ‍ Search ‍Back Explore auto loans Current auto loan customers Sign in to make payments, view statements, set up alerts, and more Vehicle financing New and used vehicle financing through your dealer Enroll in Wells Fargo Online® Use online banking to manage your auto loan AUTO LOAN SERVICES Other ways to make a payment Wells Fargo Mobile® app EDUCATION & TOOLS Auto loan FAQs Learn about electric vehicles ‍ Search ‍Back Premier services overview Introducing Wells Fargo Premier Elevate your financial expectations Premier Checking An interest-bearing account with our premier level of relationship banking benefits BANKING SERVICES Routing and account numbers Overdraft services Security and fraud Checking FAQs Global remittance Make an appointment Foreign exchange Activate debit card DIGITAL BANKING Wells Fargo Online® Wells Fargo Mobile® app Transfer and pay Report fraud ‍ Search ‍Back View all education and tools TOPICS Buy a home Manage credit and reduce debt Manage spending Make a big purchase Care for life events Going to college Plan for retirement Tax center Prepare for financial emergencies Security and fraud FINANCIAL TOOLS FICO® Credit Score Debt-to-income (DTI) calculator Report fraud Wells Fargo Welcome Sign on to manage your accounts. Username Password Save username Notice - For your security, we do not recommend using this feature on a shared device. Enroll Forgot username or password? Security Center Privacy, Cookies, and Legal Notice For your security, we do not recommend using this feature on a shared device. Simplify your life Your money's at hand with Everyday Checking Start now Checking Savings & CDs Credit Cards Home Loans Personal Loans Auto Loans Investing Premier Education & Tools Find mortgage happiness With a down payment as low as 3% Learn more Say hello to convenient checking Explore our checking options and choose the right account for you Get started Find a credit card Low intro rate, cash back, rewards and more Learn more Interest rates today Check rates Mortgage rates Savings and CDs rates Credit card rates Personal loan rates All rates Go Check rates A home of your own With low down payment options on a fixed-rate mortgage Get started ‍ Financial guidance and support Spend less. Save more. Relax more. These four steps could help you make it happen Manage spending and saving Reduce debt. Build credit. Enjoy life. Discover four steps that may help you reduce debt and strengthen credit Build credit and reduce debt Get tools. Get tips. Get peace of mind. Discover digital tools to help you budget, save, manage credit, and more Access the toolkit Banking in the palm of your hand Our Wells Fargo Mobile® app gives you fast and secure access to your finances Banking in the palm of your hand Our Wells Fargo Mobile® app gives you fast and secure access to your finances Check your account balance View your latest FICO® Score1 Send and receive money with Zelle®2 Download our app App Store Google Play *Screen image is simulated ‍ Serving our customers and communities It doesn't happen with one transaction, in one day on the job, or in one quarter. It's earned relationship by relationship. Who we are Wells Fargo helps strengthen communities through diversity, equity, and inclusion, economic empowerment, and sustainability. About Wells Fargo Why we're committed to communities We don't just serve our communities—we are our communities. We're committed to helping customers and neighborhoods across the country thrive. Wells Fargo Stories How can we help? ‍ Find a location ‍ City, State or ZIP Go ‍ Make an appointment ‍ City, State or ZIP Go ‍ Quick help ‍ Customer service and FAQs Find routing and account numbers Take advantage of app-only features Deposit checks Stay informed with push notifications Sign on using your fingerprint or FaceID® By selecting Get the app, you are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Get the app Continue to Sign On You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel You are leaving the Wells Fargo website You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. Continue Cancel Privacy, Cookies, Security & Legal Notice of Data Collection General Terms of Use Online Access Agreement Ad Choices Report Fraud About Wells Fargo Careers Diversity and Accessibility Sitemap 1. You must be the primary account holder of an eligible Wells Fargo consumer account with a FICO® Score available, and enrolled in Wells Fargo Online®. Eligible Wells Fargo consumer accounts include deposit, loan, and credit accounts, but other consumer accounts may also be eligible. Contact Wells Fargo for details. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Please note that the score provided under this service is for educational purposes and may not be the score used by Wells Fargo to make credit decisions. Wells Fargo looks at many factors to determine your credit options; therefore, a specific FICO® Score or Wells Fargo credit rating does not guarantee a specific loan rate, approval of a loan, or an upgrade on a credit card. 2. Enrollment with Zelle® through Wells Fargo Online® or Wells Fargo Business Online® is required. Terms and conditions apply. U.S. checking or savings account required to use Zelle®. Transactions between enrolled users typically occur in minutes. For your protection, Zelle® should only be used for sending money to friends, family, or others you trust. Neither Wells Fargo nor Zelle® offers purchase protection for payments made with Zelle® - for example, if you do not receive the item you paid for or the item is not described or as you expected. The Request feature within Zelle® is only available through Wells Fargo using a smartphone. Payment requests to persons not already enrolled with Zelle® must be sent to an email address. To send or receive money with a small business, both parties must be enrolled with Zelle® directly through their financial institution’s online or mobile banking experience. For more information, view the Zelle® Transfer Service Addendum to the Wells Fargo Online Access Agreement. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Account fees (e.g., monthly service, overdraft) may apply to Wells Fargo account(s) with which you use Zelle®. Investment and Insurance Products are: Not Insured by the FDIC or Any Federal Government Agency Not a Deposit or Other Obligation of, or Guaranteed by, the Bank or Any Bank Affiliate Subject to Investment Risks, Including Possible Loss of the Principal Amount Invested Investment products and services are offered through Wells Fargo Advisors. Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS) and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company. Android, Chrome, Google Pay, Google Pixel, Google Play, Wear OS by Google, and the Google Logo are trademarks of Google LLC. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, Face ID, iCloud Keychain, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone, iTunes, Mac, Safari, and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Wallet is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Deposit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. ‍ Equal Housing Lender FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Zelle® and the Zelle® related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license. PM-08262025-6425362.1.1 LRC-0224 ‍ © 1999 - 2024 Wells Fargo. NMLSR ID 399801