WordPress Block Themes and Plugins – Organic Themes – Premium WordPress block themes and plugins for the full-site editor. Search 83732 Toggle Mobile Menu All Access STAX Theme Organic Blocks Builder Widgets WordPress Themes About Account Hosting Services Blog Documentation Pricing Support WordPress Block Themes and Plugins - Organic Themes Pricing Products STAX Theme Organic Blocks Builder Widgets WordPress Themes Services Hosting UpKeep SEO & Marketing One Change Theme Setup Customization Support Support Forums Documentation Tutorials Login All Access Toggle Mobile Menu Builders are out. Blocks are in. The future of WordPress is here. STAX is a premium block theme for the full-site editor. Building a website has never been easier. Get stacking! Learn More View Demo Content Slideshow Posts Portfolio Profile Testimonials Max Width Header Footer Widget Area Toggle Modal Alert Icon Box Hero Callout Link Container Copy To Clipboard Featured Content Pricing Table Position Blocks Are made for stacking. The Organic Blocks plugin is a collection of 20 premium blocks for creating custom content types. Each block is highly customizable, and designed to work with any WordPress block theme or classic Gutenberg optimized theme. Create content slideshows, client testimonials, team profiles, portfolios, toggles, and more! Click each block to view a demo. Learn More + Blocks = Simple The STAX Theme and Organic Blocks plugin are a dynamic duo. When used together, you can create amazing WordPress websites within the full-site editor. Get Started WORDPRESS THEME COLLECTION WooCommerce Themes Organic Themes is partnered with WooCommerce — the most popular eCommerce plugin for WordPress.Our WooCommerce Themes are designed to work flawlessly with the platform. Block Theme Natural Theme Portfolio Theme View Themes All Access Gutenberg Themes Organic Themes are optimized for the WordPress block editor. NonProfit Theme Bold Theme Magazine Theme Business Theme View Themes All Access WordPress Services Organic Themes provides a variety of services to save you time and help you get started. Hosting $14/mo The best WordPress hosting at an affordable cost. Organic Hosting is optimized for Organic Themes, WordPress, and WooCommerce. Learn More One Change $99 For the times you want to go just a step further. Our One Change service is available for changes that exceed the scope of support. Learn More Theme Setup $199 We’ll setup your theme exactly like the demo. Our Theme Setup service saves valuable time, so you can start on the important bits. Learn More Founded On Maui Organic Themes was founded on the Hawaiian island of Maui in 2009.Today, we continue to create our products with aloha. Read Our Story From The Blog Learn more about the latest product updates and WordPress news from Organic Themes. Is A WordPress Page Builder Plugin Necessary? posted on November 10, 2022 Check Out What’s New In Organic Blocks 2.0 posted on January 3, 2022 An Organic Themes Update: Changes Are Coming posted on November 9, 2021 8 Factors To Consider When Choosing A WordPress Hosting Provider posted on August 1, 2021 3 New WordPress Blocks Added To The Organic Blocks Bundle posted on February 25, 2021 The Updated WordPress Restaurant Theme – Version 5 posted on September 25, 2020 More For The Blog Happy Customers Organic Themes has been providing amazing WordPress products, services, and support since 2009.But don’t take our word for it! Check out what our customers have said! Organic Hosting is a phenomenal host for my websites. Their tech support is fast, friendly, and very knowledgeable and the hosting environment is easy to navigate. Renee B I’m really enjoying using the Bold Theme. Very clean, great options and easy to use. Brian Halstrom Organic Themes makes amazing themes and plugins for WordPress. If you’re looking for a new page builder, I’d definitely check this one out. They are very good at focusing on the user experience and ease-of-use instead of offering thousands of features that most people won’t use and which usually only compromise usability. Graham McMillan Thanks so much, Emily. You and the rest of the Support team and the beautiful themes are why I have been an Organic Themes’ customer since 2012. I’m honored to have my site on your Showcase pages. I couldn’t have done it without you! Nancy McKeithen Thank you. You have some if the best looking templates I have ever seen. Well worth the money. Thank you again for your service. Lynn Sheldon Absolutely love the theme, so professional for my multi-vendor! I love it. Faye Lister I love the Structure Theme I’m using. You don’t know how long I searched for such a theme. I love the layout. Yvette Hickman Thank you Organic Themes for creating the lovely theme websites. Our website will now attract more people who want to learn Wushu as a martial arts at Harvard. This wouldn’t have happened without all your help! Justine Agaloos Best hosting company I have ever been with. Their customer service is amazing and readily available. I have 10 websites on my account, I love that I get all the perks of jetpack pro account included, which is great! Jennifer I don’t do code, which is why I love Organic Themes and their Builder Widgets so much. They provide everything I need to create a beautifully designed website without having to learn a bunch of new tricks. And when I do have a question or run into problems, their support team is right there to … Continue reading “Duncan Hurd” Duncan Hurd I have a fashion blog and I’m crazy about your themes! They’re FIERCE, FLAWLESS AND FABULOUS!! Fernando Souza You do such a nice job! I feel like a baseball card collector, I want to make sure I have them all! Jake Gonzalez One of the most useful plugins for creating one pagers, presentation pages, hero pages and the like in any theme. I am saying goodbye to those kind of themes since I found this! Gregor It’s so darn easy to navigate. The Magazine Theme is awesome! I love the clean look and its functionality! Wendy Pollitzer I am really happy using the StartUp Theme. I was attracted to your themes several years ago because of the great design, and I kept them in my mind until last year when I created my new site. Christian Möllenhoff This is a natural fit for WordPress. It’s one of the best new plugins I have explored recently. You gotta take this one out for a test drive because I can talk about it all day, but once you get aboard and punch the peddle, you’re gonna love this one! Erik Blair Everything so far has been easy and hassle free with Organic Themes and I thank you for that. I would recommend you to anyone. Brian Taylor Braziel I’ve enjoyed the ease of Organic Themes so much I sort of dread having to use other theme[s]. Josh Mallard Thank you for being on the market. I love Organic themes: the goal, the mission, the originality, the “aloha” essence. I’ve used the themes on so many of my sites. I hope you all keep steam! Ikra Javed This is a great page builder because it doesn’t overwhelm. It relies on native WordPress features like widgets and the Customizer. I love that. Steven Gliebe Love your themes and I love recommending them to people! Jeni Dawson You make my life easy! I am a testimony to all who are intimidated by web design. Thanks! Andy Marsh There are few places on the web that allow you to make money promoting high-quality, aesthetically beautiful WordPress themes that appeal to lots of people. Organic Themes is one of those places. Jeroen Van Gils The themes and service at Organic Themes is by far the best-of-the-best. Super user-friendly themes. I am a loyal client for life! Anabelle Blum When our hosting provider performed a migration of our website, we lost several important images. We had no saved copies of the images on our computers. Site Shield went above and beyond to find the images and restore them! We highly recommend their services. Melodie Homer I bought the whole [Developer] pack because I just couldn’t decide, they are all so nice! Lone Rasmussen Thank you Organic Themes for creating lovely websites. Our website will now attract more people who want to learn Wushu as a martial arts at Harvard. This wouldn’t have happened without all your help! Justine Agaloos I’m enjoying your Origin Theme & your approach of building in the Customizer. This is making building a large site based on a template with repeating widgets, quick & easy. Thanks! Adam Cope I use the Verbage Theme, for me, it is pure amazing, clean, fresh and the best theme I have seen in over 10 Years of using the Internet. Lakisha Kühnl “Such a better hosting company than the other guys” Cindy B Thank you so much. I love your themes and your customer service. Matthew Quinton I really cannot say enough great things about my time personally and professionally using Organic Themes. Your support team is one of , if not the BEST – the best IMO. Beth Hobson I absolutely love your themes! Your documentation and elegant code blows away the competition. Joe Teplow As always, thank you for your help. You all are night and day compared to some of the support out there for themes. You all are very helpful! Emerson Soto Your work is great. I am Organic Themes addicted… I only can believe that you are true web wizards! Sven Huff Ho Li Chit! I love this plugin. Thank you for such an elegant solution to a wide-spread WP problem. Can’t wait to see where you take it from here. Keith Sager Their exacting attention to detail and cleanliness of design are just a couple of the reasons Organic Themes stand out. Eli Ankutse Excellent Host Server and Host Support that has your back every step of the way. Rafal S What a superb plugin Builder Widgets Pro is. As a result of creating this page I understand the plugin so much better now and can see many possibilities. Thanks very much. Steve Sinclair Thanks so much for the beautiful [Swell] theme, it was one of my best online purchases by far! Mark Johnson I truly enjoy your themes. Easy to customize and some of the best coding I’ve found. Thank you for doing theme design RIGHT. Theresa Wagar The best website decision I’ve made is working with Organic Hosting. Tracy A I am so glad to be part of UpKeep. I reached out because I didn’t realize that I needed to update the plugins on my 5 websites (technology is a foreign language to me). I found and bought your service package after I discovered that each of my websites were broken because I had not … Continue reading “David Pasikov” David Pasikov I really like your themes. I will be recommending them to several people. Plus, you have great support, which means a lot to me. Julie Brooks Love the new capacity to add page sections. With Gutenberg coming, this will be the new normal. Thanks for the forward-thinking and ease of design, Organic Themes. Daniel Palmer 44 WordPress Themes The number of responsive WordPress themes available on Organic Themes. View Themes 35,261 Supported Customers The number of customers supported in the Organic Themes support forums. View Forums 582,708 Theme Downloads The number of Organic Themes downloaded from the WordPress.org theme directory. View Themes 368,838 Plugin Downloads The number of Organic Plugins downloaded from the WordPress.org plugin directory. View Blocks 2009 Year Founded Organic Themes is an established and trusted WordPress brand for over 10 years. About Us Copyright © 2024 · All Rights Reserved · WordPress Block Themes and Plugins – Organic Themes Facebook Twitter RSS Feed