Physical Measurement Laboratory | NIST Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. https://www.nist.gov/pml Search NIST Menu Close Topics All Topics Advanced communications Artificial intelligence Bioscience Buildings and construction Chemistry Climate Cybersecurity Electronics Energy Environment Fire Forensic science Health Information technology Infrastructure Manufacturing Materials Mathematics and statistics Metrology Nanotechnology Neutron research Performance excellence Physics Public safety Resilience Standards Transportation Publications Labs & Major Programs Laboratories Communications Technology Laboratory Engineering Laboratory Information Technology Laboratory Material Measurement Laboratory Physical Measurement Laboratory User Facilities NIST Center for Neutron Research CNST NanoFab Research Test Beds Research Projects Tools & Instruments Major Programs Baldrige Performance Excellence Program CHIPS for America Initiative Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) Office of Advanced Manufacturing Special Programs Office Technology Partnerships Office Services & Resources Standards and Measurements Calibration Services Laboratory Accreditation (NVLAP) Quality System Standard Reference Materials (SRMs) Standards.gov Time Services Office of Weights and Measures Software Data Chemistry WebBook National Vulnerability Database Physical Reference Data Standard Reference Data (SRD) Storefront License & Patents Computer Security Resource Center (CSRC) NIST Research Library News & Events News Events Blogs Feature Stories Awards Video Gallery Image Gallery Media Contacts About NIST About Us Leadership Organization Structure Budget & Planning Contact Us Visit Careers Student programs Work with NIST History NIST Digital Archives NIST Museum NIST and the Nobel Educational Resources Physical Measurement Laboratory PML is a world leader in the science of measurement. We determine the definitive methods for nearly every kind of measurement employed in commerce and research, provide NIST-traceable calibrations, and disseminate standards and best practices throughout the nation. At the same time, PML works continuously at the outermost frontiers of metrology, devising tools and techniques to meet the ever-changing demands of American industry and science. About PML Expand or Collapse Events PML Brochure PML Leadership PML Working for You Staff Directory Calibrations Customer Survey (external link) Divisions Expand or Collapse Applied Physics Microsystems and Nanotechnology Nanoscale Device Characterization Quantum Measurement Quantum Physics Quantum Sensors Radiation Physics Sensor Science Time and Frequency Weights & Measures Products/Services Expand or Collapse The Official U.S. Time Amazing Stories of Measurement General Interest Measurements & Calibrations Measuring The Cosmos Million-Pound Makeover NIST-on-a-Chip Portal Physical Reference Data Quantum Networks at NIST SI Redefinition Portal Special Publications & Tutorials Working With Us News/Multimedia Programs/Projects Facilities Expand or Collapse Boulder MicroFabrication Facility CNST NanoFab Electron Beam Ion Trap (EBIT) Hi-Res UV & Optical Spectro. Facility Low-background IR Radiation Facility Neutron Imaging Facility (NIF) Neutron Interferometer Facility (NIOF) Precision Imaging Facility Radiopharmaceutical Standardization Laboratory Synchrotron Ultraviolet Radiation Facility SURF III W.M. Keck Optical Meas. Lab Email Newsletter Divisions Applied Physics Division Microsystems and Nanotechnology Division Nanoscale Device Characterization Division Office of Weights and Measures Quantum Measurement Division Quantum Physics Division Quantum Sensors Division Radiation Physics Division Sensor Science Division Time and Frequency Division U.S. Survey Foot Connect with us GovDelivery Scientists Observe Long-Predicted Superconductor Property Using a Quantum Simulator NIST-Led Working Group Developing Standards for Organ-on-a-Chip Research News and Updates NIST Physicist Sae Woo Nam, Pioneer in Single-Photon Detectors, Passes Away March 1, 2024 During his 25-year career at NIST, Sae Woo performed groundbreaking work. He died in January at 53. NIST-Led Working Group Developing Standards for Organ-on-a-Chip Research February 22, 2024 When testing a new medicine, researchers must do more than assess how well that drug works. They also have to determine whether the medicine has some negative Scientists Observe Long-Predicted Superconductor Property Using a Quantum Simulator February 14, 2024 New insights can help scientists make superconducting materials more robust and useful. NIST’s Heart-on-a-Chip: A Microfluidic Marvel Shaping the Future of Cardiovascular Research February 6, 2024 NIST has developed a system that mimics humanlike models for studying cardiovascular disease and aligns with national efforts to move away from animal testing. View All News and Updates Events 5854 Mass Metrology Seminar Mon, Feb 26 - Fri, Mar 8 2024 The Mass Metrology Seminar is a two-week, "hands-on" seminar. It incorporates approximately 30 percent lectures and 70 5880 Southeast Measurement Assurance Program, SEMAP Tue, Mar 19 - Thu, Mar 21 2024 NIST Handbook 143, Program Handbook (2019) details the criteria used for OWM Laboratory Recognition. NIST Handbook 143 5905 Volume Metrology Seminar Mon, Apr 1 - Fri, Apr 5 2024 The 5-day OWM Volume Metrology Seminar is designed to enable metrologists to apply fundamental measurement concepts to 5856 Volume Metrology Seminar Mon, Apr 8 - Fri, Apr 12 2024 The 5-day OWM Volume Metrology Seminar is designed to enable metrologists to apply fundamental measurement concepts to View All Events Awards 2024 Coblentz Award Recipient – Dr. David A. Long David Long received his PhD in chemistry from the California Institute of Technology under the guidance of Mitchio Okumura. He then moved to 2023 Presidential Rank Award - JILA and NIST Fellow Ana Maria Rey Dr. Ana María Rey is a world-leading quantum theorist who collaborates daily with foremost experimental scientists to advance NIST 2023 Vannevar Bush Faculty Fellow - Ana Maria Rey The 2023 Class of Vannevar Bush Faculty Fellows will join an esteemed group of approximately 50 current fellows involved in vital basic 2023 ASPIRE Prize U.S. Winner - Nicole Yunger Halpern Nicole Yunger Halpern is an emerging young leader in the reconciliation and mutual strengthening of the concepts of thermodynamics and 2023 SPIE Harold E. Edgerton Award in High-Speed Optics - Tara Fortier In recognition of pioneering contributions to the development of frequency combs based on mode-locked lasers and their applications in 2023 Breakthrough New Horizons in Physics Prize - Adam Kaufman Kaufman shares the $100,000 prize with selected winners, all from different institutions (Hannes Bernien, Manuel Endres, Kang-Kuen Ni 2023 APL Rising Stars Collection - Adam McCaughan, Bakhrom Oripov and Sae Woo Nam The Rising Stars Collection features notable APL papers by emerging investigators. These papers were identified by the editors and Rising View All Awards Press Coverage Heart-on-a-Chip promises cardiovascular benefits Electronics Weekly February 14, 2024 The HoC promises to replace animal testing, shorten drug development timelines and reduce costs. It mimics the interactions of cells within the heart on a small Scientists unveil new 'heart-on-a-chip' Live Science February 14, 2024 So-called heart-on-a-chip systems may enable scientists to evaluate the safety and efficacy of new drugs more accurately than they can with animal tests. NIST Introduces Heart-on-a-Chip for Cardiovascular Research MedTech Intelligence February 13, 2024 The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has developed a system that mimics humanlike models for studying cardiovascular disease to reduce the This Month in Physics History: December 27, 1956: Fall of Parity Conservation APS December 27, 2023 Symmetries have long played a crucial role in physics. Since 1925, physicists had assumed that our world is indistinguishable from its mirror image - a notion Patents Spatio-Temporal Prolifometer And Performing Time-Resolved Spatial Prolifometry For Producing A Uniform Light Profile NIST Inventors Paul Patrone , Gregory A Cooksey and Matthew DiSalvo A spatio-temporal profilometer performs time-resolved spatial profilometry and includes a substrate, a tapered optical collimator waveguide, a fluid channel, and a light-fluid interaction volume. The tapered optical collimator waveguide receives diverging light, internally reflects it, and System And Mathod For Parameter Multiplexed Gradient Descent NIST Inventors Adam McCaughan , Sonia Buckley and Andrew Dienstfrey Embodiments of the present invention relate to systems and model-free methods for perturbing neural network hardware parameters and measure the neural network response that are implemented natively within the neural network hardware and without requiring a knowledge of the internal structure of the Mueller Matrix Ellipsometer NIST Inventors Thomas A. Germer Embodiments of the present invention relate to an ellipsometer that includes a combination of a plurality of reflective devices to measure a Mueller matrix reflectance of a material in the VUV and EUV region. Ellipsometer in accordance with embodiments of the present invention relate to an Thin Film Magnetic Magnitude Sensor NIST Inventors David Gundlach , Emily Bittle and Sebastian Engmann A novel magnetic field sensor (MFS) may be created with an organic light emitting diode (OLED) made from an organic semiconductor material and an organic photodetector (OPD) built directly on top (or below) of the OLED, wherein one layer is made from a magnetically isotropic material, and which View All Patents Contacts PML Director and Deputy Director James G. Kushmerick james.kushmerick@nist.gov (301) 975-4200 Gerald T. Fraser gerald.fraser@nist.gov (301) 975-3797 Associate Director for Measurement Services and Associate Director James A. Fedchak james.fedchak@nist.gov (301) 975-2223 Barbara L. Goldstein barbara.goldstein@nist.gov (301) 975-2304 Executive Secretary Amy L. Grafmuller amy.grafmuller@nist.gov (301) 975-4200 HEADQUARTERS 100 Bureau Drive Gaithersburg, MD 20899 301-975-2000 Webmaster | Contact Us | Our Other Offices Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Giphy RSS Feed Mailing List How are we doing? Feedback Site Privacy Accessibility Privacy Program Copyrights Vulnerability Disclosure No Fear Act Policy FOIA Environmental Policy Scientific Integrity Information Quality Standards Commerce.gov Science.gov USA.gov Vote.gov