Unitarian Universalist Association | UUA.org Skip to main content (press Enter) Log in https://www.uua.org/files/includes/snippet-important-message.txt Find a Congregation Donate Bookstore Site Menu Sitemap Menu Our Faith Beliefs & Principles Who We Are Religious Practices Get Involved Worship & Inspiration WorshipWeb Library Theme-Based Ministry Multigenerational Ministry Ages & Stages Common Read Families Children Middle School Youth High School Youth Young Adults (18-35) College & University Adults Older Adults Justice & Inclusion UU the Vote 2020 (offsite) Take Action Congregational Justice Programs Disability & Accessibility Economic Justice Climate & Environmental Justice Immigration International Justice LGBTQ Welcome & Equality Anti-Racism and Multiculturalism The Mosaic Reproductive Justice Congregations & Leaders Find a Congregation Widening the Circle COVID-19 Resources Communications & Media Tools Curricula & Faith Development Finance & Fundraising LeaderLab Learning Center Membership, Growth, & Outreach Ministers/Staff Safe Congregations Data Updates & Certification About the UUA Press Room Giving & Generosity Publications General Assembly Governance & Management International Staff, Offices, & Directory UUA Regions Careers & Jobs Find a Congregation Donate Bookstore Section Menu Unitarian Universalist Association Live your values aloud, not alone. Our open-minded, open-hearted spiritual communities help people lead lives of justice, love, learning and hope. Your adventure in faith starts here. Find a congregation or community: Meet Your Region Act for Justice Donate Now Weekly Inspiration We Were Always Here By Connie Simon When someone lists Unitarians or Universalists, they usually name white men. Never anyone Black like me. We Were Always Here International Human Rights & Peace UUA Condemns Violence Against Gaza, Urges Immediate and Total Ceasefire By UUA Administration The UUA reiterates its condemnation of the Israeli military’s ongoing violence against Gaza and joins with voices across the globe urging and immediate and total ceasefire, the provision of humanitarian aid, and the safe return of all hostages and prisoners. UUA Condemns Violence and Urges Ceasefire Equity & Compassion UUA Offers Space in Headquarters for Temporary Emergency Housing The UUA joins with the United Way of Massachusetts and other community-based organizations to provide temporary emergency housing and support to local families in need. Space in the UUA headquarters building will serve as a temporary, overnight emergency shelter location as part of this arrangement. UUA Offers Space For Emergency Housing A 30 Days of Love Story of Climate Justice JeKaren Olaoya narrates this Time for All Ages Story of youth in North Carolina who are given hope as they reimagine our world as more peaceful and sustainable for all. Find more spiritual nourishment for the work of justice and liberation from Side With Love. Learn more about 30 Days of Love UU World Stitched with Love: A Faith-Based Discussion for UUs on the Proposed Revision to Article II By Staff Writer Rev. Dr. Sheri Prud’homme has provided a theological analysis of the proposed revision to Article II. Here are nine quotes from her essay to get the conversation started. Read the Article Growing Democracy Join UU the Vote We are fighting for so much in 2024 and the work before us requires our compassion, consistency and commitment. This year UU the Vote will strengthen our local partnerships with state networks and key movement partners. Democracy calls on us all to mobilize towards our collective thriving. Will you join us? Join UU the Vote Inherent Worth & Dignity Join the Trans and Nonbinary+ Pastoral Group Online The UUA's UPLIFT team for LGBTQIA+ and gender justice offers an online meeting space for folx who identify as trans and nonbinary+ to gather for pastoral small group engagement. You need not be a Unitarian Universalist to attend. Trans/Nonbinary+ Pastoral Space Featured Book Injustice and the Care of Souls, Second Edition By Cheryl A. Kujawa-Holbrook, Karen B. Montagno The practice of pastoral care cannot escape the realities of injustices and oppression that often operate in the context where caregiving happens. Available for Preorder... Buy This Book Black Lives Matter Black Lives Matter to Unitarian Universalists. Learn more Bookstore Church at Home (CLF) Donate Find a Congregation General Assembly UU World Magazine About COVID-19 Response Contact Us Hours Site Map Unitarian Universalist Association 24 Farnsworth Street | Boston, MA 02210 (617) 742-2100 | info@uua.org © Copyright 1996-2024 Unitarian Universalist Association.All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.