Swim Management Software | TeamUnify Skip to main content TeamUnify US Main Navigation What We Do All Features Mobile App Communication Tools Member and Volunteer Management Integrated Website Lesson Management Online Registration Financial Management Meet and Event Management Who We Serve Organization Type Swimming Clubs Swim Schools Role Admins Coaches Parents Who We Are Our Customers Our Customers User Login Help Our Packages Get started Swim club and swim school software—with you from the pool deck to your desk Made for swimmers by swimmers, TeamUnify is the world leader in swimming club management. Powering swimming clubs around the world, in and out of the pool, with tools that move once manual processes online. Get Started Learn more Everything you need to run your swimming club. All in one place. One dashboard. One app. One goal. TeamUnify software combines all the tools, reports, and information you need to run your swimming club into a single location. You can access all the features through the web or mobile app, so no matter where you are, you can stay productive and successful. The features you want to get the results you need We worked with leading swimming clubs around the world to make sure TeamUnify was packed with everything you need to make the most of your swim life. Communication tools Put an end to the chaos of multiple communication tools and start using a single platform to communicate what you want to whomever and whenever you need. Read more Member & volunteer management Stop sorting through multiple files and applications by adding a centralized database to help you better manage your members and volunteers. Read more Integrated website Now it’s a snap to get a show-stopping website that highlights all the things that makes your organization amazing. Read more Financial management Modernize and automate your finances with these powerful management and collection tools. Read more Online registration Eliminate stacks of paperwork and put an end to the hassle of collecting cash and checks by moving your entire registration process online. Read more Power and performance you can take with you Your work doesn’t wait for you to be at your desk, and thanks to our mobile app you don’t need to either. Read more Stories of success Before TeamUnify our billing was chaotic. With TeamUnify our monthly income went up drastically and we were able to collect payments in a more timely manner.” Santa Maria Swim Club TeamUnify puts everything in one place. We had job signups, volunteer tracking, meet declarations, with a single click, and I can email an entire roster group all at once.” Northglenn Fusion Swim Club There’s a lot of different things that go into running a swim team whether it’s membership or billing. TeamUnify handles all these things for us in one place. Pleasanton Seahawks Swim Team We're in good company TeamUnify is part of NBC Sports Next, a subdivision of NBC Sports and home to all NBCUniversal digital applications in sports and technology. TeamUnify, along with NBC Sports Next, stands at the intersection of sports and technology. Our purpose is to innovate the future of sport to help partners grow and increase participation across all levels of play. 1 million+ athletes 3.4 million+ registrations processed 50,000+ club admins Experience what TeamUnify can do for you Connect with us TeamUnify US Footer Features Mobile App Communication Tools Member and Volunteer Management Integrated Website Financial Management Lesson Management Online Registration Financial Management Meet and Event Management Who We Serve Swimming Clubs Swim Schools Admins Coaches Parents Resources Who We Are Our Customers Our Packages Get Started ©2024 SportsEngine, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use / Ad Choices / Privacy PolicyYour Privacy Choices CA Notice