Dungeons & Dragons | Official Home of the World's Greatest Roleplaying Game Products Products Where to Start Tabletop RPG Digital Games Board & Card Games All Partners Miniatures Merchandise Fiction Support Customer Support Store & Event Locator Gameplay Getting Started What is D&D How to Play How to DM Choosing a Race Choosing a Class Resources Character Sheets Basic Rules Digital Tools DMsGuild For Educators Stay at Home/Play at Home Systems Reference Document (SRD) Story Current Stories The Wild Beyond the Witchlight Icewind Dale: Rime of the Frostmaiden Story Archive Descent Into Avernus Waterdeep Tomb of Annihilation Curse of Strahd Storm King's Thunder Rage of Demons Elemental Evil Lore The Legend of Drizzt Notable Figures Monsters Events Events & Conventions All Events Virtual Play Weekends Extra Life Adventurers League Overview DM Info Community Discord Facebook Twitter Twitch YouTube Fan Site Kit Articles Articles News D&D Studio Blog Sage Advice Unearthed Arcana All Galleries Wallpaper Comics Media Livestreams Black Dice Society Podcasts Dragon Talk Dungeon Delve All Store Locator Sign In to D&D Beyond Products Gameplay Story Events Articles Media Sign In to D&D Beyond Store Locator Products Products Partners Support Gameplay Getting Started Resources Story Current Stories Story Archive Lore Events Events & Conventions Adventurers League Community Articles Articles Galleries Media Livestreams Podcasts Products Where to Start Tabletop RPG Digital Games Board & Card Games All Partners Miniatures Merchandise Fiction Support Customer Support Store & Event Locator Getting Started What is D&D How to Play How to DM Choosing a Race Choosing a Class Resources Character Sheets Basic Rules Digital Tools DMsGuild For Educators Stay at Home/Play at Home Systems Reference Document (SRD) Current Stories The Wild Beyond the Witchlight Icewind Dale: Rime of the Frostmaiden Story Archive Descent Into Avernus Waterdeep Tomb of Annihilation Curse of Strahd Storm King's Thunder Rage of Demons Elemental Evil Lore The Legend of Drizzt Notable Figures Monsters Events & Conventions All Events Virtual Play Weekends Extra Life Adventurers League Overview DM Info Community Discord Facebook Twitter Twitch YouTube Fan Site Kit Articles News D&D Studio Blog Sage Advice Unearthed Arcana All Galleries Wallpaper Comics Livestreams Black Dice Society Podcasts Dragon Talk Dungeon Delve All Thieves’ Gallery Bring the heroes and villains of Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves to your table with the Thieves’ Gallery. CLAIM ON D&D BEYOND Start With D&D Beyond Step up your game at no cost with the official digital toolset for Dungeons & Dragons. Dive into the basic rules of D&D, create characters, manage your campaign, and more! Explore D&D Beyond Keys from the Golden Vault Risk it all for the thrill of pulling off the perfect heist with thirteen exhilarating heist-themed adventures. Available Now Learn More D&D Starter Set Dragons of Stormwreck Isle Available now. Everything you need to start playing the world’s greatest roleplaying game. Learn More Dragonlance March to war against the Dragon Armies in this adventure for the world’s greatest roleplaying game. Available Now Learn More Latest Features & Announcements What Is Dungeons & Dragons? Primer for Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves Where to StartTabletop RPG D&D Starter Set Get Started Fast With Premade Characters and Campaigns Find a group to play with! Claim 5 Free Minecraft Creatures on D&D Beyond Features What Is an Owlbear? Tabletop RPG Keys from the Golden Vault BEGIN YOUR ADVENTURE! Dungeons & Dragons takes you and your friends on epic journeys. Become characters you create, battle deadly foes, uncover secrets, find treasure, and make memories that last a lifetime. Interested in playing? We've pulled together resources to get you started, create a D&D Beyond account to begin! EXPLORE D&D Dragon Talk D&D owns the airwaves! Get the latest news and gamer humor from the official D&D podcast. Listen Now Virtual Play Weekends Connect with your friends around the world and play D&D with some of the best Dungeon Masters anywhere! Find a Game Learn to Play Resources Find resources to help learn the game and continue your journey. Includes a downloadable encounter as well as video content on ways to play and further your adventure! Start Your Journey Explore Recent Products Dragonlance December 6th, 2022 Starter Set July 31, 2022 Spelljammer: Adventures in Space August 16th, 2022 (North America) | September 13th, 2022 (EMEA) Campaign Case: Creatures July 19th, 2022 (North America) | August 30th, 2022 (EMEA) Campaign Case: Terrain August 16th, 2022 (North America) | September 27th, 2022 (EMEA) Journeys through the Radiant Citadel July 19th, 2022 Mordenkainen Presents: Monsters of the Multiverse May 16th, 2022 We have updated our privacy policy. Click the link to learn more. Back to top Find a store Find a store Language Français Deutsch Italiano Português (Brasil) Español English Social Find Adventurers League Basic Rules Character Sheets Podcasts Press Assets System Reference Document (SRD) Company About Careers Support Wizards Play Network Affiliate Program Disclosure Brands Dungeons & Dragons Duel Masters Magic: The Gathering TermsCode of ConductPrivacy PolicyCustomer SupportCookiesFan Content PolicyDo not sell my personal information © 1993-2024 Wizards of the Coast LLC, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves is © 2023 Paramount Pictures Corporation. We use necessary cookies to allow our site to function correctly and collect anonymous session data. Necessary cookies can be opted out through your browser settings. We also use optional cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features and analyze web traffic. By clicking “OK, I agree,” you consent to optional cookies. (Learn more about cookies) Ok, I agree No, thanks