The Ocean Cleanup Cookie preferences With cookies, we can make your website experience better. We make use of functional, analytical, and tracking cookies. Thanks to them, we can spot errors and clunky parts in the website, show more relevant advertisements, learn which content is most popular, play videos from YouTube, and more. Some cookies are strictly necessary for using our website, but you can choose to opt out of tracking cookies. Read more about which cookies we use in our privacy policy or via the settings link below. Settings Accept all cookies Skip to content The Ocean Cleanup Menu Back Projects Oceans Rivers Other Impact Dashboard Waste Management and Recycling Environmental and Social Impact Goals and Milestones Back Knowledge Research Scientific Publications Topics Ocean Plastic Facts The Great Pacific Garbage Patch Top 1000 Polluting Rivers The Price Tag of Plastic Pollution Back Updates Updates Podcasts Featured updates and podcasts Mumbai Calling: The Ocean Cleanup and Bharat Clean Rivers Foundation Join Forces in India Kingston, Jamaica: The first Interceptor city How Does Plastic End up in Rivers? Podcast: Life Offshore | How It Feels to Be Right There Back Help Clean Donate Get Merch Other ways to help Join the Crew Become a partner Help as Institution Become a Citizen Scientist Careers About About us Partners FAQ Contact Press Press info Media Gallery Donate Donate The largest cleanup in history We develop and scale technologies to rid the oceans of plastic Our cleaning technologies are deployed around the world as we conduct the largest cleanup in history. For over ten years, The Ocean Cleanup has been researching, extracting, and monitoring plastic pollution in oceans and rivers globally – with millions of kilograms removed to date. A planet-sized problem Trillions of pieces of plastic pollute our oceans today, and the problem is worsening. This plastic has a devastating impact on marine wildlife and ecosystems. Plastics can persist for many decades, continuously degrading into microplastics. These can be ingested by wildlife and later enter the human food chain. Plastic pollution is a global crisis requiring urgent action. We aim to clean up 90% of floating ocean plastic pollution The Ocean Cleanup is a non-profit organization developing and scaling technologies to rid the oceans of plastic. To achieve this objective, we use a dual strategy: intercepting plastic in rivers to cut the inflow of pollution, and cleaning up what has already accumulated in the ocean and won’t go away by itself. When the oceans are clean, we can put ourselves out of business. Cleaning the ocean The Ocean Cleanup is cleaning up floating plastics caught swirling in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a plastic accumulation zone with over 100,000,000 kilograms of plastic. Learn more Intercepting in rivers To clean the oceans, we also need to stop new trash from flowing into them. By tackling 1000 rivers around the world, we can halt 80% of riverine pollution reaching our oceans. Learn more The latest news 20 February Interceptor 019 deployment underway in Bangkok, Thailand Read more on Twitter 19 February How Does Plastic End up in Rivers? Read the update 29 January Mumbai Calling: The Ocean Cleanup and Bharat Clean Rivers Foundation Join Forces in India Read the update 26 January Kingston, Jamaica: The first Interceptor city Read the update 13 January The horrific impact of ocean plastic: two turtles entrapped in… See on Instagram 28 December 2023: Our Most Impactful Year Yet See on Youtube 23 December 2,000,000 kg of trash intercepted by Interceptor 002 See on Instagram 20 December We now have 7 Interceptors in Kingston's gullies stopping trash… See on Facebook 18 December We have removed over 8,000,000 kg (17.8m lb) of trash… See on Instagram 27 November Malaysia and The Ocean Cleanup Extend Cooperation Read the press release 20 November Maersk Supply Service and related parties extend their support to The Ocean Cleanup Read the press release 15 November The Ocean Cleanup And Coldplay Renew Partnership With Interceptor 020 In Jakarta, Indonesia Read the update 14 November Lasting Damage: Why Cleanup Is Essential To Tackle Microplastics Read the update 9 November How We Ensure An Environmentally Sound Cleanup Read the update 19 October 3,000,000 kg of trash that will not reach the Caribbean… See on Instagram 13 October Trash or treasure? Some of the strangest items recovered from… See on Facebook 7 October This Was the First Step of System 03 See on Youtube 4 October From CGI to IRL: Ocean Cleaning Made Reality See on Youtube 21 September System 03: Our Biggest Plastic Extraction to Date See on Youtube 31 August System 03: A Beginner’s Guide Read the update 30 August System 03 nickname reveal See on Tiktok 28 August Goodbye System 002, hello System 03 See on Facebook 25 August What Jenny Taught Us: Lessons from System 002 Read the update 18 August Last trip of System 002 See on Youtube 15 August Going back to shore to offload 55 metric tons See on Instagram 11 August Record Catch: 11,353 kg of plastic out of the ocean See on Youtube 2 August Interceptor 006 record catch: 89 truckloads in a day. See on Twitter 31 July Another 69 truckloads of trash removed in Guatemala last week. See on Facebook 26 July Interceptor Barrier and Interceptor Tender stopping trash at Tivoli Gully in Jamaica. View on LinkedIn 21 July System 002: mission progress report View on YouTube 12 July Interceptor 002 caught a lot of trash from the heavy rains on the Klang River in Malaysia last week. View on Instagram 11 July Over one thousand truckloads of trash removed from the Rio Las Vacas, Guatemala. View on Instagram 6 July The Ocean Cleanup announces partnership with Hyundai Glovis Read the update 29 June Over 1.5m kg of trash collected with Interceptor 006 in Guatemala View on Twitter 28 June "We have this super-human level of perseverance. We are focused on the goal." Listen to the podcast 14 June Interceptor Barricade Makes Promising Start in Guatemala ahead of First Seasonal Heavy Floods Read the press release 7 June Our Cleanup Progress Offshore as System 002 Gets Bigger View on YouTube 5 June Interceptor 006 Is Ready to Tackle Trash Floods in Guatemala See on YouTube 25 May Humanity Is Addicted to Plastic, but We Can Still Keep It Out of Our Oceans Read in The New York Times 16 May Introducing the Interceptor Barricade: The Ocean Cleanup returns to Guatemala Read the update 12 May Interceptor 020 to be deployed in Cisadane, Indonesia Read the press release 11 May Ocean Plastic Pollution Explained See on Youtube 9 May System 002/C completes its debut extraction See on Instagram 8 May Interceptor 007's final offload of its first storm season in LA County, US See on Twitter 1 May Our biggest cleanup system so far, System 002/C has been deployed last Friday See on Linkedin 25 April Initial deployment of System 002/C scheduled for tomorrow See on Instagram 5 April System 002 and marine life: prevention and mitigation Read the update 4 April 200,000 kg of plastic extracted from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch See on Twitter 28 February We are returning to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch with System 002/B in one week See on Twitter 15 February Celebrating 10 years See on Instagram 9 February The Ocean Cleanup and the United Nations: Partnering with UNDP Read the update 17 January Interceptor 002 filled up in less than 2,5 hours on December 19 See on Instagram 29 December 2022 Recap See on Youtube Join the cleanup Our aim is to remove 90 % of floating ocean plastic. With your help we can work towards a future where plastic no longer pollutes our oceans. Help clean Your donations and help enable us to work on our common goal of ridding the world's oceans of plastic. Make a donation Partner with us Join the team To complete one of the most ambitious engineering projects of this generation, we seek dedicated, focused and inventive minds to join our international team. Join the team Spread the word The power of the crowd is what lead to the start of The Ocean Cleanup back in 2013. Be part of the movement on social media. Let's connect Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Tiktok The Ocean Cleanup is a bold idea to confront the significant challenge of restoring our ocean ecosystem. This is a unique opportunity to profoundly impact our environment, pursuing an ambitious solution to remove plastic waste from our oceans with significant benefits for wildlife, the food chain and community health. Mary Reemst, Chair, Macquarie Group Foundation Looks cool Elon Musk We are your big fans and admirers, and we are so happy that we got to partner with you on Interceptor 005, which we refer to as Neon Moon 1 Chris Martin, Coldplay The first real plan to try to clean things up. NBC Nightly News I believe [The Ocean Cleanup] will find a way. Oprah Winfrey With Boyan's innovative leadership, I believe The Ocean Cleanup will have an incredibly positive impact on the future of our oceans. I hope other leaders will join us in supporting these efforts. Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce [The Ocean Cleanup's] success could significantly reduce marine animals fatalities and enable numerous marine species [...] to survive Ocean Elders An incredible proposal George Takei, Actor and Activist A symbol of not only preaching, but also acting. Neelie Kroes, Former European Commissioner In order to keep 7.5 billion of us alive and prosperous and healthy, it takes work and it takes initiative. [...] That's what The Ocean Cleanup is all about and we absolutely need their work. Chris Hadfield, Astronaut - Commander of Expedition 35 Congratulations on the success so far. [...] I am really inspired by the work you guys continue to do. Kelly Slater, Professional Surfer What is interesting to see [...] is that you are using nature to solve the mess we are doing on this planet. André Borschberg, Co-founder of the Solar Impulse project [...] there is no doubt that your efforts will truly have lasting, positive impact on our local and international communities. Governor Gavin Newsom, State of California Boyan Slat is inspiring people, organizations and governments to find solutions to the escalating threat of plastic debris in our oceans, while also serving as a reminder to us all that more work needs to be done [...] Achim Steiner, UNEP Executive Director Partners Thanks to our partners we can clean the oceans. See all partners Follow us Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Tiktok Newsletter Projects and Updates Oceans Rivers Impact Dashboard Catch Management Global Public Affairs Research Milestones Updates Podcasts About us About Careers Press Media gallery Partners and funders Help Donate Merchandise Citizen Science FAQ Contact Legal Privacy and Cookie Notice Disclaimer Donation Terms & Conditions Supplier Code of Conduct Foundation Details American Friends of The Ocean Cleanup © 2024 The Ocean Cleanup. All rights reserved. THE OCEAN CLEANUP trademarks are registered trademarks, pending registration, or protected under common law, and owned by The Ocean Cleanup Technologies B.V. 9197