IGDA – International Game Developers Association Log-In Join Now! About About the IGDA By-laws Core Values & Code of Ethics Code of Conduct Advocacy Staff & Board of Directors Elections FAQ Public Privacy Policy Contact Media Contact Membership Join Member Benefits Discounts Lifetime Members IGDA Studio Affiliates IGDA Academic Affiliates IGDA Partners Game Showcase Student Portfolios Community Chapters Regional Coordinators Special Interest Groups SIG Coordinators Global Mentorship Program News Events GDC 2024 Resources Resource Library Game Industry Standards Insider Newsletter Harassment Developer Satisfaction Survey (DSS) COVID-19 Resources Visa Career Center About About the IGDA About IGDA Foundation By-laws Core Values & Code of Ethics Code of Conduct Advocacy Staff & Board of Directors FAQ Public Privacy Policy Contact Media Contact Membership Join Member Benefits Discounts Lifetime Members IGDA Studio Affiliates IGDA Academic Affiliates IGDA Partners Game Showcase Student Portfolios Community Chapters Regional Coordinators Special Interest Groups SIG Coordinators Global Mentorship Program Volunteer Opportunities News IGDA Insider Industry Podcasts Events GDC 2024 Resources Resource Library Game Industry Standards Insider Newsletter Harassment Developer Satisfaction Survey (DSS) COVID-19 Resources Visa Career Center Log-In Join Now! Game developers have a voice. The International Game Developers Association (IGDA) is the world’s largest nonprofit membership organization serving all individuals who create games. We advance the careers and enhance the lives of game developers by connecting members with their peers, promoting professional development, and advocating for the interests of game developers worldwide. JOIN THE IGDA TODAY! Donate to the IGDA! You can give back to the organization to help further our ability to provide community and resources to game devs around the world. Donate Today Donate to the IGDA! You can give back to the organization to help further our ability to provide community and resources to game devs around the world. Donate Today Who We Are We are a global network of collaborative communities and individuals from all fields of game development, including programmers and producers, designers and artists, writers, businesspeople, QA team members, localization experts, and everyone else who participates in the game development process. We bring together developers in over 160 local chapters and global special interest groups (SIGs) to improve their lives and their craft. Learn More There’s never been a better time to be a member! IGDA members enjoy exclusive discounts on software and events, access to a global network of peers, and a wealth of knowledge and resources to boost their careers and improve their professional lives. Individual Memberships From student to seasoned pro, emerging market developer or supporting Lifetime Member—wherever you are in your career journey, there’s a membership option for you. Learn More IGDA Affiliates Interested in securing IGDA membership for your employees or students? Explore discounted group memberships through our Studio and Academic Affiliate programs! Learn More Partners Does your company offer products or services to support game developers? Connect with our members by becoming an IGDA Partner! Learn More Maximizing Gaming Localization Efficiency Maximizing Gaming Localization Efficiency: How memoQ TMS is a Game-Changer As game experiences increase in scale and scope, so does the amount of in-game text and dialogue needed... IGDA NYC Game Dev Digest – February 2024 Your monthly guide to NYC game dev news, jobs, and events. View this email in your browser Monday, February 19th, 2024 Editor: Mattia Sicuro A monthly publication of the International Game... See More news Upcoming Events 07 Mar 2024 5 Key Questions to Prioritize Community Health & Moderation in Game Development 10 Mar 2024 IGDA West Virginia monthly meet up See All Events Current Members Already an IGDA member? Log in to access your dashboard and member benefits! Log In Explore our library of free resources and industry info! Browse resources Featured Chapters and Special Interest Groups SIG Game Credits The IGDA Game Credits Special Interest Group (SIG) promotes inclusivity and best practices for how credits are attributed, affecting career and awards prospects. See More SIG Women in Games WIGSIG was formed to create a positive impact on the game industry with respect to gender balance in the workplace and the marketplace. See More SIG Games Research and User Experience IGDA GRUX SIG aims to improve games by improving the state of games user research and user experience work. See More Chapter Michigan – Ann Arbor The Ann Arbor branch of the International Game Developers Association brings Michigan’s game development community together for monthly lectures, exhibitions, tutorials, free food, and industry talks. See More Membership Join or Renew Member Dashboard Log In Recent Posts News Events Resources Policies Core Values & Code of Ethics Cookie Policy Contact and Support FAQ Contact Us Join Now © 2024 by IGDA All rights reserved. Website by Affari