Freedom of the Press Foundation Skip to content Freedom of the Press Foundation Donate Store Jobs Contact About Twitter Facebook Mastodon Search News & Advocacy Guides & Training Projects Show Navigation Search Freedom of the Press Foundation Freedom of the Press Foundation protects, defends, and empowers public-interest journalism in the 21st century. News & Advocacy Get the latest news on secrecy, surveillance, and whistleblowers. Press Freedom Tracker Systematically documenting press freedom violations in the United States. Guides & Training How-to guides on how to protect yourself in the age of mass surveillance. SecureDrop Enabling secure communication between journalists and anonymous sources. Recent News RSS feed for recent news NYPD must stop arrests of journalists covering protests FPF and CPJ tell Brooklyn DA to drop charges against Reed Dunlea, the latest in a long line of journalists the NYPD has baselessly arrested at protests Supreme Court social media cases could put some First Amendment claims in the firing line Oral arguments in the NetChoice cases hint at outcomes that could uphold key free press precedents but still seriously impact certain First Amendment lawsuits Indictment of journalist raises serious First Amendment concerns Government seeks permanent seizure of journalist Tim Burke's computers The Kids Online Safety Act will censor student journalists Celebrate Student Press Freedom Day by telling Congress not to pass this self-defeating bill Why journalists should enable Signal usernames With Signal’s new username and discoverability features, we’re done giving away phone numbers More News GET NOTIFIED. TAKE ACTION. Threats to press freedom around the world are at an all-time high. Sign up to stay up to date and take action to protect journalists and whistleblowers everywhere. Full Name Email Address Join Go to mailing list subscription page Thanks for subscribing to Freedom of the Press Foundation's mailing list. We'll send you opportunities to take action on combating government secrecy, protesting mass surveillance, and protecting reporter's rights. Donate to Freedom of the Press Foundation Our work to protect journalists and whistleblowers requires your support. Please consider making a tax-deductible donation today. Donate Now Projects SecureDrop Through this widely used open source platform, we are enabling whistleblowers to communicate anonymously and securely with news organizations. U.S. Press Freedom Tracker We are systematically documenting press freedom violations in the United States. A partnership with the Committee to Protect Journalists and leading press freedom groups. Dangerzone Dangerzone is an open source desktop application that takes potentially dangerous PDFs, office documents, or images and converts them to safe PDFs. FOIA Feed In order to make the public aware of its importance, we are highlighting news stories that are only possible thanks to the Freedom of Information Act. Freedom of the Press Foundation 49 Flatbush Avenue #1017Brooklyn NY 11217 Home Contact Us Privacy Policy About Freedom of the Press Guides & Training Projects News & Advocacy Press Releases Newsletters This work licensed under a Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution International License Search News & Advocacy Guides & Training Projects Donate Store Jobs Contact About Twitter Facebook Mastodon