Drug Policy Alliance - No More Drug War Drug Policy Alliance Issues Decriminalize Drugs, Invest in Health End Drug War Civil Punishment Overdose Prevention Centers Community Reinvestment Legalizing & Regulating Marijuana Legal Regulation & Safer Supply People in the Drug Trade Our Work Campaigns All Our Work Wins Reducing Criminalization Overdose Prevention Legalizing Marijuana Ending Civil Punishment Movement Building Public Education Resources Resource Library Drug Facts Drug War Stats Drug War History Drug Criminalization Impacts (Map) Do Something Take Action Become a Member Sign Up for Newsletter Give a Gift Attend Reform Conference More About DPA Our Team Newsroom Careers/Internships Financials Contact Us Donate Menu Drug Policy Alliance Close Issues Our Work Wins Resources Do Something Donate About DPA Our Team Newsroom Careers/Internships Financials Contact Us we are your family we are your friends we are your neighbors we are the drug policy alliance The Drug Policy Alliance (DPA) is the leading organization in the U.S. working to end the drug war. We are people impacted by the drug war. We have lost loved ones to overdose. We are in recovery. We use drugs. We have experienced the harms of drug criminalization. Join us. Together, we will end the drug war and build a better future shaped by love, not war. scroll to learn more scroll to learn more We are creating drug policy shaped by love, not war. The Drug Policy Alliance (DPA) is the leading organization in the U.S. working to end the drug war, repair its harms, and build a non-punitive, equitable, and regulated drug market. Learn About DPA DPA Issue Areas Community Reinvestment Communities need resources to thrive. The U.S. government spends billions each year enforcing drug war prohibition. This money can be better spent supporting communities. This includes addressing the root causes of problematic drug use. The Drug Policy Alliance believes we must reinvest funds back into the communities most harmed by the drug war. Decriminalize Drugs, Invest in Health Services Communities need a health-focused approach to drugs. Yet, drug offenses are one of the leading causes of arrest in the U.S. The U.S. must stop arresting and jailing people for drugs. Instead, they should reinvest the savings into addiction services and social supports. This includes voluntary treatment, housing, employment, harm reduction, recovery services, and peer support. The Drug Policy Alliance is the leading organization advocating for drug decriminalization. Ending Drug War Civil Punishment People need support, not punishment. The decision to punish drug use has affected nearly every aspect of daily life. The drug war has now spread beyond the criminal system into education, employment, housing, and more. The Drug Policy Alliance is working to end the punishment and surveillance that harm families and communities. Legal Regulation and Safer Supply People have a right to know what goes in their bodies. Prohibition has created an unregulated drug supply that is unpredictable. It is driving overdose deaths. The Drug Policy Alliance is exploring legal regulation and safer supply as a legal, known alternative to the unregulated drug supply. It will replace prohibition with equity-centered policies and practices. Legalizing and Regulating Marijuana the Right Way No one should be criminalized for marijuana use or supply. As reform efforts expand across the United States, it is important that we legalize and regulate marijuana right. The Drug Policy Alliance is leading the fight to ensure marijuana reform centers health, justice, equity, and reinvestment. This includes calling on the Biden administration to deschedule and decriminalize marijuana. Overdose Prevention Centers (OPCs) No one should die from a preventable overdose. Overdose prevention centers (OPCs) save lives. They are a much-needed response to the unprecedented numbers of Americans dying from an overdose. OPCs reduce overdose death and connect people to ongoing care. The Drug Policy Alliance is the leading voice for making OPCs available across the United States. Rethinking and Reducing Punishment of People in the Drug Trade Most people agree that drug use should be treated as a health issue instead of a crime. Yet many still support harsh punishment for people who sell drugs because of stigma and fear. The Drug Policy Alliance is advocating for new responses to drug sales that improve public health and safety while reducing punishment. Sign up for updates from DPA. First Name Email(Required) Zip/Postal Code English Spanish English Home About Careers Financials Contact Us Media Inquiries Do Something Take Action Become a Member Donate Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2024 Drug Policy Alliance. All rights reserved. Drug Policy Alliance is a 501(C)(3) nonprofit registered in the US under EIN: 52-1516692 Made with love by Creatives with a Conscience