Universe Today - Space and astronomy news Skip to content Universe Today Space and astronomy news Menu Videos Newsletter Podcast Contact Us Support Us Log in Posts Posted on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Evan GoughMassive Stars Have the Power to Shape Solar Systems This image is a Hubble image of the inner regions in the Orion Nebula, with a JWST image of a protoplanetary disk named d203-506. The disk is close enough to the massive Trapezium Cluster stars that their UV radiation is shaping the planet-forming process in the disk. Image Credit: NASA/STSCI/RICE UNIV./C.O'DELL ET AL / O. BERNÉ, I. SCHROTTER, PDRS4ALL Stars shape their solar systems. It’s true of ours, and it’s true of others. But for some massive stars, their power to shape still-forming systems is fateful and final. Continue reading “Massive Stars Have the Power to Shape Solar Systems” Posted on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Mark ThompsonGrabbing Samples from the Surface of Mars ESA's Sample Return Mission arm As if the Mars Perseverance Rover and Ingenuity Drone were not exciting enough then the next step in this audacious mission takes it to a whole new level. Mars Sample Return Mission is to follow along, collect and return the samples collected by Perseverance back to Earth. However the status of Mars Sample Return is uncertain as engineers are still working on technology to retrieve the samples. The current challenge is the gripper arm that will collect the samples and stow them safely and securely before transportation without damaging them. Continue reading “Grabbing Samples from the Surface of Mars” Posted on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Brian KoberleinAstronomers Can See the Impact Site Where an Asteroid Crashed Into a White Dwarf This artist’s impression shows the magnetic white dwarf WD 0816-310. Credit: ESO/L. Calçada Nothing is immortal. Everything has a finite existence, including the stars themselves. How a star dies depends on several factors, most importantly their mass. For the Sun, this means that in several billion years it will swell to a red giant as it churns through the last of its nuclear fuel. The core that remains will then collapse to become a white dwarf. Of course, the Sun is home to several planets, including Earth. What of their fate? What of ours? According to a recent study, the Sun’s death might consume Earth in the end. Continue reading “Astronomers Can See the Impact Site Where an Asteroid Crashed Into a White Dwarf” Posted on March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 by Carolyn Collins PetersenCuriosity Rover is Climbing Through Dramatic Striped Terrain on Mars HiRISE spots Curiosity driving toward upper Gediz Vallis. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona Just about every day we here on Earth get a breathtaking picture of Mars’s terrain sent back by a rover. But, the view from space can be pretty amazing, too. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) just sent back a thought-provoking picture of Curiosity as it makes its way up a steep ridge on Mount Sharp. Continue reading “Curiosity Rover is Climbing Through Dramatic Striped Terrain on Mars” Posted on March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 by Matt WilliamsA Giant Gamma-Ray Bubble is a Source of Extreme Cosmic Rays An artist's depiction of a gamma-ray burst's relativistic jet full of very-high-energy photons breaking out of a collapsing star. Credit: DESY, Science Communication Lab Gamma-ray bursts (GRBs) are one of the most powerful phenomena in the Universe and something that astronomers have been studying furiously to learn more about their origins. In recent years, astronomers have set new records for the most powerful GRB ever observed – this includes GRB 190114C, observed by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2019, and GRB 221009A, detected by the Gemini South telescope in 2022. The same is true for high-energy cosmic rays that originate from within the Milky Way, whose origins are still not fully understood. In a recent study, members of China’s Large High Altitude Air Shower Observatory (LHAASO) Collaboration discovered a massive gamma-ray burst (designated GRB 221009A) in the Cygnus star-forming region that was more powerful than 10 peta-electronvolts (PeV, 1PeV=1015eV), over ten times the average. In addition to being the brightest GRB studied to date, the team was able to precisely measure the energy spectrum of the burst, making this the first time astronomers have traced cosmic rays with this energy level back to their source. Continue reading “A Giant Gamma-Ray Bubble is a Source of Extreme Cosmic Rays” Posted on March 1, 2024March 4, 2024 by Matt WilliamsNew Study Addresses how Lunar Missions will Kick up Moondust. Buzz Aldrin (left) and his Aldrin’s bootprint in the lunar regolith (right). Credit: NASA Before the end of this decade, NASA plans to return astronauts to the Moon for the first time since the Apollo Era. But this time, through the Artemis Program, it won’t be a “footprints and flags” affair. With other space agencies and commercial partners, the long-term aim is to create the infrastructure that will allow for a “sustained program of lunar exploration and development.” If all goes according to plan, multiple space agencies will have established bases around the South Pole-Aitken Basin, which will pave the way for lunar industries and tourism. For humans to live, work, and conduct various activities on the Moon, strategies are needed to deal with all the hazards – not the least of which is lunar regolith (or “moondust”). As the Apollo astronauts learned, moondust is jagged, sticks to everything, and can cause significant wear on astronaut suits, equipment, vehicles, and health. In a new study by a team of Texas A&M engineers, the regolith motion was found to be significantly altered due to inter-particle collisions. Given the many spacecraft and landers that will be delivering crews and cargo to the Moon in the near future, this is one hazard that merits close attention! Continue reading “New Study Addresses how Lunar Missions will Kick up Moondust.” Posted on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 by Evan GoughHow Warm Are the Oceans on the Icy Moons? The Ice Thickness Provides a Clue. Jupiter's moon Ganymede is the largest moon in the Solar System and may have an ocean sandwiched between two layers of ice. But how warm is that ocean? Image Credit: By National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Public Domain, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=8070396 Scientists are discovering that more and more Solar System objects have warm oceans under icy shells. The moons Enceladus and Europa are the two most well-known, and others like Ganymede and Callisto probably have them too. Even the dwarf planet Ceres might have an ocean. But can any of them support life? That partly depends on the water temperature, which strongly influences the chemistry. We’re likely to visit Europa in the coming years and find out for ourselves how warm its ocean is. Others on the list we may never visit. But we may not have to. Continue reading “How Warm Are the Oceans on the Icy Moons? The Ice Thickness Provides a Clue.” Posted on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 by Evan GoughNASA Tests the New Starship Docking System SpaceX and NASA recently performed full-scale qualification testing of the docking system that will connect SpaceX’s Starship Human Landing System (HLS) with Orion and later Gateway in lunar orbit during future crewed Artemis missions. Based on the flight-proven Dragon 2 active docking system, the Starship HLS docking system will be able to act as an active or passive system during docking. Image Credit: SpaceX The Apollo Program delivered 12 American astronauts to the surface of the Moon. But that program ended in 1972, and since then, no human beings have visited. But Artemis will change that. And instead of just visiting the Moon, Artemis’ aim is to establish a longer-term presence on the Moon. That requires more complexity than Apollo did. Astronauts will need to transfer between vehicles. All of that activity requires a reliable spacecraft docking system. Continue reading “NASA Tests the New Starship Docking System” Posted on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 by Mark ThompsonChina Has Built a Huge Space Simulation Chamber China's first "ground space station," the home-grown Space Environment Simulation and Research Infrastructure, passed its acceptance review on Tuesday in Harbin, the capital of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province. [File photo/Xinhua] Well it certainly caught my attention when I saw the headlines “China’s first Space Environment Simulator” sounds like something right out of an adventure holiday. Whilst you can’t buy tickets to ‘have a go’ it’s actually for China to test spacecraft before launching them into the harsh environments of space. It allows researchers to simulate nine environmental factors; vacuum, high and low temperature, charged particles, electromagnetic radiation, space dust, plasma, weak magnetic field, neutral gasses and microgravity – and it even looks futuristic too! Continue reading “China Has Built a Huge Space Simulation Chamber” Posted on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 by Mark ThompsonThe International Space Station’s Air Leaks are Increasing. No Danger to the Crew International Space Station. Credit: NASA Only the other week I had to fix my leaky tap. That was a nightmare. I cannot begin to imagine how you deal with a leaky spacecraft! In August 2020 Russia announced that their Zvezda module had an air leak. An attempt was make to fix it but in November 2021 another leak was found. Earlier this week, Russia announced the segment is continuing to leak but the crew are in no danger. Continue reading “The International Space Station’s Air Leaks are Increasing. No Danger to the Crew” Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 2,691 Next page Privacy Policy Proudly powered by WordPress