Scholarly Publishing Services — UW Libraries Skip to primary content Skip to sidebar content University of Washington University Libraries My UW Calendar Maps Directories Toggle navigation Home Start Your Research Articles & Research Databases Literature on your research topic and direct access to articles online, when available at UW. Journal Search Search or browse journal titles held at UW. Encyclopedias & Dictionaries Resources for looking up quick facts and background information. E-Newspapers, Media, Maps & More Recommendations for finding news, audio/video, images, government publications, data sets and other types. Evaluating Information Learn how to choose the best and most reliable information that meets your research needs. Citation Styles & Tools Quick MLA, APA, and Chicago style guides for bibliographies; tools for storing and organizing sources. Course Reserves Library materials reserved for your classes. Collections & Archives Unique online and physical collections on specific subjects, in distinct formats, and in special archives. Mobile Search Tools Mobile-optimized research databases and library-related mobile apps. Research Guides Librarian recommended resources & research tips tailored to your topic. Undergraduate Researcher Tutorial Self-paced online tutorial that introduces students to research skills and UW Libraries resources and services. moreon research Use the Libraries Your Library Account Log in to renew borrowed materials, check on items you have requested, and pay fines. Study & Meeting Spaces Study, conference, event, and meeting spaces, and how to reserve them. Computers & Printing Computers, printers, and scanners in the Libraries. Accessibility We are committed to providing equal access to library collections, services, and facilities for all library users. Interlibrary Loan & Scanning Services Get PDFs of print articles delivered via email and borrow items not held at UW. Borrowing & Access What you can check out from the Libraries, how long, renewals, and returns. more on using the Libraries Help & Support FAQ Short, simple how-to and demos of frequently asked questions about using the Libraries and information resources. Graduate Funding Info Service Assistance with locating funding for research, tuition, travel, and other graduate school-related expenses. Off-Campus Access & Technical Support Using library resources from off-campus and other technical tips. Open Scholarship Commons One-stop shop for knowledge creation and dissemination services. Resources for Writing Campus writing help and links to online resources. Scholarly Publishing & Open Access Info and tools for scholarly publishing and open-access publishing alternatives. Subject Librarians Talk to a librarian with expertise in your subject area for help with your research. Teaching Support Collaborative library instructional services that can improve the research and information skills of your students. more help About Libraries & Hours Contact info, map location, and hours for all library branches. News Events Exhibits What's going on at the Libraries: announcements, upcoming events, and current exhibits. Organization At-a-Glance Staff directory and info about the Office of the Dean and other library departments. Support the Libraries Give to the Libraries! Join the Friends of the Libraries. Our Blog News, views and impact stories from the UW Libraries. Jobs Student, staff, and librarian job opportunities at the Libraries. PoliciesLibraries policies governing use of library resources, space, and services. Strategic Plan Current Libraries strategic goals and initiatives. Equity, Diversity, Inclusion and Anti-Racism Position statement, goals, working groups, community engagement. more about the Libraries Libraries Art Library Built Environments Library Drama Library Engineering Library Foster Business Library Friday Harbor Library Government Publications, Maps, Microforms & Newspapers Health Sciences Library Li Lu Library Mathematics Research Library Music Library Odegaard Undergraduate Library Research Commons Special Collections Suzzallo and Allen Libraries Tateuchi East Asia Library UW Bothell/Cascadia Library UW Tacoma Library Ask Us! Get help 24/7 with this real-time chat service. Email Get answers to less-urgent questions and comments via email. Consultations Make an appointment and get specialized help from a librarian. more ways to contact us Scholarly Publishing & Open Access / Navigation Scholarly Publishing & Open Access Open Access at University of Washington Scholarly Publishing Services ResearchWorks Journal Hosting Service Digital Scholarship Research Data Services About Us Home / Scholarly Publishing & Open Access / Scholarly Publishing Services Info Scholarly Publishing Services Scholarly Publishing is the system through which research results and other scholarly writings are created, evaluated for quality, disseminated to the scholarly community, and preserved for future use for other scholars, learners, and the public good. (Image courtesy the University of Winnipeg.) The system is in a state of rapid flux and evolution, driven by new information technologies, low marginal costs of online distribution, and changing reader expectations.Over the last decade, Scholarly Publishing has become an overarching term used to describe a suite of digital services that support academic researchers and authors - open access publishing, institutional repositories, electronic theses and dissertations, authors’ rights and copyright advising, research data management, digital preservation, open educational resources, and support for the tools of digital scholarship. At UW Libraries we can help with: Publishing platforms UW Libraries currently offers four publishing options for UW-community publications: Researchworks for individual articles and data. Open Journal Systems for journal hosting. Manifold for digital monographs. Pressbooks for Open Educational Resources such as open textbooks. Reclaim Hosting for Digital Scholarship projects using tools like Omeka, Scalar, and Wordpress. Publishing support We are happy to help you navigate the confusing world of scholarly journal publishing and Open Access, offering information about: Evaluating journals, including how to determine whether a journal is reputable. Understanding publishers agreements Questions about Open Access, and UW's new Faculty Open Access Policy Finding appropriate open access repositories, including information about UW's Institutional Repository, ResearchWorks. Creating and publishing Open Educational Resources (including open textbooks) for use in your courses. The Libraries does not currently offer funding for APCs, but we have negotiated a number of discounts with publishers Copyright guidance While we cannot offer explicit legal advice, we can provide you background and context for thinking through questions around: Fair Use Creative Commons Licenses Using copyright-protected works Electronic Theses and Dissertations (ETDs) The Libraries partners with the UW Graduate School to support students submitting their Theses and Dissertations to our online ETD program. We can help with publishing-related questions such as: Publishing your ETD - or using a publication in an ETD Using images in theses and dissertations Determining what the appropriate access level should be before your ETD is made available openly in ResearchWorks University of Washington LibrariesBox 352900 Seattle, WA 98195-2900 USA phone: 206-543-0242 - Contact UsUW Home / Privacy / Terms Text on this page created by UW Libraries is licensed under a CC BY-NC 4.0 license. Images and video are not included. See details.