WBEZ | Chicago's NPR News Source Skip to main content Home Listen Live Search Menu Donate Top Stories Democratic Illinois lawmakers propose ways to protect — or expand — IVF Some newly introduced legislation seeks to expand insurance coverage or offer incentives for fertility care in Illinois. read more Places across the U.S. are testing no-strings cash as part of the social safety net The idea got a boost from the pandemic, when an array of cash relief helped cut child poverty and keep people housed. Researchers are studying how much money, for how long, may have lasting impact. read more Listen 7:09 How the Midwest, poetry and addiction influenced Kaveh Akbar’s ‘Martyr!’ This month’s Nerdette Book Club’s selection is vibrant, incisive and devastatingly funny. read more Listen 29:18 DCASE leadership still in flux as city braces for start of festival season First deputy commissioner Jennifer Johnson Washington temporarily will fill role of departing commissioner Erin Harkey at Chicago’s Cultural Affairs Department. read more Editors’ Picks The Rundown: The politics of Chicago’s feral cats read more WBEZ introduces new midday program schedule read more Meet the prolific graffiti artist whose work is all over Chicago’s Northwest Side read more Gen Z: Having trouble landing a first job? Tell us about it. read more Our running list of every major musical act playing Chicago fests this summer read more More Headlines YOUR VOTE, YOUR DEMOCRACY Illinois Elections 2024 Follow the joint WBEZ/Chicago Sun-Times coverage — races to watch, campaign news and voter information — of the Illinois Primary Election. Election day is March 19. These are the Illinois 2024 primary races to watch From the hotly contested Cook County state’s attorney race to a referendum in Chicago on money for the homeless, here are the important local decisions on your ballot. read more Who’s on my Illinois primary ballot? read more Voter Guide 2024 | Illinois Primary Election read more Listen to Our Podcasts Culture & The Arts ‘Oppenheimer,’ nukes and secrets: Take a walking tour of Chicago’s atomic history Christopher Nolan’s nuclear thriller is poised to win big at the Oscars. But for UChicago prof John Mark Hansen, the real drama took place in Chicago. read more Reset with Sasha-Ann Simons Culture & The Arts What’s That Building? Robert Franks Memorial Now called the CYC Sidney Epstein Youth Center, 3415 W. 13th Place was established in 1930 as a memorial to Bobby Franks, who was brutally murdered at age 14. read more Listen 9:58 Culture & The Arts DCASE leadership still in flux as city braces for start of festival season First deputy commissioner Jennifer Johnson Washington temporarily will fill role of departing commissioner Erin Harkey at Chicago’s Cultural Affairs Department. read more Politics Supreme Court ruling keeps Donald Trump on Illinois ballot The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday reversed Colorado Supreme Court’s decision to knock Trump from that state’s ballot. read more Reset with Sasha-Ann Simons Digital IDs in Illinois? Here’s a look at the pros and cons. A proposed state bill would let Illinoisans store their driver’s licenses on their phones, but some have privacy concerns. read more Listen 14:28 Get tickets Reset with Sasha-Ann Simons Race, Class & Communities Chicago teens help create a campaign to prevent gun violence A new campaign from the gun violence prevention group Project Unloaded has a key message for teens: “Just one gun can change the story.” read more Listen 16:09 Politics Early voting kicks off in all 50 wards; Chicago election officials optimistic about surge in numbers As of Monday morning, 2,700 residents had voted early for the March 19 presidential primary. read more NPR Politics Super Tuesday is tomorrow. Here’s what to expect. Voters in 16 states and one territory will make their voices heard Tuesday in the biggest primary election of the 2024 cycle. Find out who is voting and what’s at stake. read more Race, Class & Communities Coffee roaster’s partnership creates job opportunities for adults with disabilities The Aspire CoffeeWorks program at Metropolis is a model for businesses, demonstrating the benefits of opening doors to adults with disabilities. read more NPR CVS and Walgreens to start dispensing abortion pill in states where it’s legal CVS will start filling prescriptions for mifepristone in Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Walgreens will start in New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, California and Illinois. read more Environment & Public Health Proposal to ship tons of Chicago garbage down the river is dead in the water After three years of behind-the-scenes planning, trash hauler LRS scraps an idea to send waste down to Central Illinois from the Sanitary and Ship Canal. read more Curious City The city that purrs: Getting to know Chicago’s feral cats Cook County is considered a feral cat haven, in part because of an ordinance allowing people to care for them. But it’s not all whiskers and catnip. read more Listen 17:40 Culture & The Arts Brookfield Zoo announces upgrades including name change, $66 million Tropical Forests exhibit The zoo is entering its 90th year with slew of new plans leading up to its centennial in 2034. read more Politics Race, Class & Communities Migrants in Chicago file complaints about racist remarks and hostile treatment across city shelters From June 2023 to January 2024, migrants living in city-run shelters lodged 248 grievances, WBEZ found. read more Listen 8:04 Culture & The Arts 10 great, under-the-radar Chicago concerts in March, from rap to rock Concert season is kicking off with gusto. Our handy list focuses on medium to smaller venues, which this month feature everyone from Danny Brown to Sleater-Kinney. read more Race, Class & Communities Migrants move out of two Oak Park shelters. What’s next for them? The western suburb has housed 160 migrants since November. Two shelter sites closed this week, but local groups are working to fill the gap. read more When Magic Happens Culture & The Arts When Magic Happens: Women’s History Month Kickoff Women’s History Month is here and we’re ushering it in with some girl power! read more Listen 29:09 Criminal Justice O’Neill Burke widens fundraising lead in race to replace State’s Attorney Kim Foxx Eileen O’Neill Burke, who faces Clayton Harris III in the Cook County Democratic primary, has received hundreds of thousands from conservatives. read more Culture & The Arts Immersive Flyover ride at Navy Pier provides a new perspective on Chicago The new attraction — more than two years in the making — is a high-tech, three-act experience culminating in a multi-sensory, virtual tour of Chicago. read more Politics Cook County judge kicks Trump off Illinois ballot — but puts her own order on hold The judge’s decision comes as Illinois’ primary is less than three weeks away. It’s likely to be appealed. read more Listen 5:02 Politics Is Trump still on Illinois ballot? What to know after judge rules to remove his name Cook County Judge Tracie Porter put her ruling on hold until Friday, expecting Trump’s lawyers to appeal. For now, nothing has changed at the ballot box. If Porter’s ruling does go into effect, she ordered that “any votes cast” for Trump “be suppressed.” read more Education Race, Class & Communities Black History Month offers lessons, excitement for young Chicago students Through artwork, dance, readings and performances, students at Willa Cather Elementary in East Garfield Park share what they’ve learned this Black History Month. read more Politics Convicted aide to former Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan will see his six-figure pension suspended Timothy Mapes was convicted of lying to a federal grand jury as part of an effort to thwart the feds’ probe into former House Speaker Michael Madigan. read more Reset with Sasha-Ann Simons Politics Judge kicks Trump off Illinois ballot with state primary only three weeks away The former president’s legal team vows a swift appeal. read more Listen 10:54 Politics Race, Class & Communities Gaza’s death toll now exceeds 30,000. Here’s why it’s an incomplete count. Gaza’s health ministry announced Thursday that 30,035 Palestinians have been killed in the war. A close look at how the ministry counts those killed reveals a system buckling under the weight of war. read more Listen 3:25 Politics Secretary of State Alexi Giannoulias backs bill for digital driver’s licenses and IDs in Illinois The bill, sponsored by Rep. Kam Buckner and Sen. Michael Hastings, would allow Illinoisans to put electronic versions of their driver‘s licenses and IDs on their phones. read more Culture & The Arts An insider’s guide to Bronzeville: Where to eat, shop and celebrate Black history Only 10 minutes south of downtown Chicago, Bronzeville offers live music every night of the week, Southern comfort food and more. read more Culture & The Arts Art Institute showed ‘willful blindness’ in buying Nazi-looted art, NY prosecutors say The museum denies the allegations, contending Fritz Grünbaum’s sister-in-law inherited Egon Schiele’s ‘Russian War Prisoner’ after Grünbaum was killed at Dachau and sold the drawing along with other of Schiele’s works to an art dealer. read more Culture & The Arts Chicago band Friko accelerates its ascent with dazzling debut album ‘It’s been a very slow build,’ singer-guitarist Niko Kapetan says as the indie scene embraces the trio’s multi-genre sound. read more Environment & Public Health Politics CTA president takes the train to City Hall — then gets an easy ride Dorval Carter Jr. got a rough ride from CTA riders — but a markedly smoother one from the City Council’s Transportation Committee after recent efforts to increase hiring and promises to bolster service. read more Education Kennedy-King College celebrates Chicago’s soul food legacy The event on Monday was part of the South Side school’s Black History Month festivities. read more Listen 3:37 Culture & The Arts A major Chicago hip-hop studio puts its muscle behind an album for Gaza The newly released “The Art of War” features Eddy Mack, WorkRate and Norhan and was produced by a studio with ties to Chance the Rapper and Juice WRLD. read more Listen 4:34 Race, Class & Communities Nearly half of Chicago renters spend too much for rent and utilities Chicago mirrors a nationwide trend where more renters are spending at least 30% of their income on rent and utilities. read more Race, Class & Communities How long do you need to save to buy a home in Chicago? Four years, experts say. Residents who recently bought their first home postponed buying to work on credit scores and dipped into retirement and other savings to come up with a down payment. read more Culture & The Arts Education Learning English through Dungeons and Dragons: How students role play slaying beasts to master a new language University of Chicago professor Shane Dunkle and his English-learning board game group have found success in helping students acquire more casual English skills. read more Education Can you prove your teen lives here? Some schools make house calls. Parents call it invasive, but Kenwood Academy defends it. Last week, it was revealed that CPS’s inspector general found five Kenwood athletes falsified residency proof. read more Listen 4:44 Environment & Public Health Illinois EPA must revamp its permitting process after Chicago activists file civil rights complaint “It shouldn’t have to be this hard to get these common sense rules in place.” read more WBEZ.org About Us Careers Staff Contact Us The Sounding Board Radio Schedule Board of Directors Management Team Pressroom Public & Financial Documents Connect Newsletters & Email Alerts Volunteer Events Calendar Wait Wait … Don't Tell Me! Tickets Mobile Apps Support Donate Join our Giving Circles Donate Your Car Gifts of Securities Planned Giving Matching Gifts Become a Sponsor Manage Your Membership Account Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public Filing Info Notice of FCC Applications chicagopublicmedia.org © 2024 Chicago Public Media Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public Filing Info Notice of FCC Applications