Roland - Global Products Pianos Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories SH-4d Meet the SH-4d Synthesizer, a desktop powerhouse with hands-on workflow and deep synthesis tools for designing the sounds of yesterday, today, and tomorrow. BRIDGE CAST Take online gaming sound to the next level with BRIDGE CAST, your all-in-one solution for premium livestream audio. Community Facebook YouTube X (Twitter) Instagram Worldwide Social Network Facebook Roland Global Official Fan Page. Stay up to date with Roland news, artists, promotions, events, and more. YouTube Channel This channel provides information of the Roland's best quality electronic musical instruments. Provides an overview of key features, functions and operational tips. Worldwide Social Network Welcome to our global family. The Roland Worldwide Social Network keeps you connected to the latest products, exciting events, and much more. Support Updates & Drivers Owner’s Manuals Support Documents Quick Start Video Support News Legacy Product Info Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Support by Product Get the latest updates/drivers, owner's manuals, and support documents for your product. Quick Start This channel provides instructions of the Roland's electronic musical instruments and equipment. Articles Stories Learn Discover Stories Spark creativity with in-depth writing on people, trends, tech, and history. Learn Expand your knowledge with tutorials and guides from subject-matter experts. Discover Experience Roland with an immersive collection of interactive pages and microsites. IR Company Backstage Log In Create Account × BRIDGE CAST XDual Bus Streaming Mixer and Video Capture Explore GALAXIASSuper Instrument Explore FANTOM EX UpgradeSystem Upgrade for FANTOM 6/7/8 Explore SP-404MKIIStones Throw Limited Edition Explore GAIA 2Synthesizer Explore E-X10Arranger Keyboard Explore AIRA Compact Explore GP SeriesGrand Inspiration Explore SH-4dDesktop Synthesizer Explore < > • • • • • • • • • < Featured ProductRoland New Products Check out the new products from Roland. Find Out More Featured ProductFANTOM FANTOM is a new kind of creative hub, made for rapid production and expressive performance. Find Out More Featured ProductJUPITER-X JUPITER-Xm combines classic Roland design and premium build quality with a powerful new synth engine. It faithfully recreates sought-after instruments from our long history of genre-defining sounds. Find Out More Featured ProductAerophone AE-10 A collection of inspiring wind instruments with sax fingering and expressive breath control. Find Out More > < Featured VideoSH-4d Desktop Synthesizer | Carl Craig Performance Watch as Detroit techno legend Carl Craig takes the SH-4d for a spin, bringing you on a sonic odyssey and diving headfirst into the unit’s array of sonic capabilities. Find Out More Featured VideoGP-6 Baby Grand Piano Performance In this performance video, hear the complex tonal colors from this concert-class grand piano. Find Out More Featured VideoGO:MIXER PRO-X Whether you’re streaming, performing, or recording, sound quality can make or break your listeners’ experience. The GO:MIXER PRO-X delivers professional-quality audio from a compact, palm-sized audio mixer that works with your mobile device just about anywhere. Find Out More Featured VideoRoland FP-90X Digital Piano Performance Watch Josh Jacobson perform on Roland’s flagship FP-90X portable digital piano. Eight ready-to-play variations, ranging from concert to stage pianos, combined with PureAcoustic Ambience environments, provide an almost infinite selection of sounds. Find Out More Featured VideoVERSELAB MV-1 — Song Production Studio VERSELAB MV-1, an all-in-one song production studio to help you capture, refine, and finish your ideas from start to end. Find Out More Featured VideoAerophone Pro Performance In this video, MAE.SUN featuring Hailey Niswanger shows how the Aerophone Pro can provide a range of sounds at your fingertips—no matter what style of music you play. Find Out More Featured VideoTD-07KV Kit Overview The TD-07KV offers a high-quality, realistic drumming experience in a compact and affordable drum set that’s ideal for playing at home. Find Out More > < Looking ForPiano AR Visualize your perfect Roland piano. Select a piano, scan your room, and drop a Roland piano into your home—all without leaving the house. Find Out More Looking ForV-Drums x Roland Cloud With V-Drums, the preset kits are just the beginning. There’s now an easy way to access the full sonic potential of your V-Drums module. Roland Cloud, our ever-growing online platform for musicians, is full of fresh content for every drummer. Find Out More Looking ForRoland GP Series The GP series represents the pinnacle of Roland piano development, merging our advanced technologies with finely crafted grand piano designs that bring elegance and grandeur to any space. Find Out More Looking ForAIRA Compact Fun, go-everywhere instruments that put Roland’s legendary creative magic in the palm of your hand. Find Out More Looking ForFANTOM-0 Series FANTOM-0 brings your creative world together, combining the sonic power and fluid workflow of the top-of-the-line FANTOM series in streamlined instruments that go everywhere your inspiration takes you. Find Out More Looking ForAbout Roland Cloud Sounds of past, present and future. Yours in minutes. Find Out More Looking ForRoland Articles A destination for inspiring stories and knowledge to help spark your creativity. Explore in-depth writing and enhance your skills. Find Out More > Pianos Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories International Page Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram SoundCloud Change RegionFlag Icon Products Featured Products Pianos Organs Synthesizers Keyboards Guitar & Bass Drums & Percussion Wind Instruments Production Amplifiers AIRA & DJ Roland Cloud Professional A/V Accessories Apps Community Facebook YouTube X (Twitter) Instagram Worldwide Social Network Support Updates & Drivers Owner’s Manuals Support Documents Quick Start Video Knowledge Base Support News Legacy Product Info Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Articles Stories Learn Discover IR Management Policy Financial Information IR Library Stock Information Sustainability Basic Sustainability Policy Human Rights Policy For “Environment” In “Society” Respecting “People” To “Customers” With “Partners” Corporate Governance Compliance Guidelines Actions for the Compliance Investment for Growth Intellectual Property and Brand Protection Company Corporate Information Philosophy Brands Press Releases History Virtual Patent Marking Privacy Statement Terms of Use Accessibility Statement Worldwide Social Network Copyright © 2024 Roland Corporation