Northern Territory Government | NT.GOV.AU Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer NT.GOV.AU Find online services Contacts Find online services Contacts Arts, sport and leisureBoating, fishing and marineBusiness and industryCommunity support and careDriving and transportEducation and learningEmergency and safetyEmployment, money and taxesEnvironmentHealth and wellbeingHousing, property and landParks and reservesYour rights, crime and the law Northern Territory Government information and services Search Popular Savings finderBus timetables and mapsCheck your regoFind a Motor Vehicle Registry (MVR)School term datesLitchfield National ParkOchre card Arts, sport and leisure Libraries, archives, sport facilities, arts awards, arts grants, hiking, camping, museums, arts centres. Boating, fishing and marine Commercial fishing and aquaculture, marine pests, biosecurity, Indigenous fishing, recreational fishing, boat ramps, tides, boat rules and safety. Business and industry Mining and energy, remote jobs, agriculture, start a business, doing business with government, liquor licensing, gambling, investment in the Territory. Community support and care Concessions and savings, child protection, families, seniors, multicultural communities, community grants, language services, local councils. Driving and transport Buses, driver licences, cycling, penalties, registration, heavy vehicles, road safety and conditions. Education and learning Early childhood, schools, term dates, special education, financial help and university. Emergency and safety Emergency and crisis contacts, child safety, crocodile safety, bushfires, cyclones, floods, emergency kit, short term accommodation. Employment, money and taxes Employing people, apprenticeships, training, looking for work, employer obligations and paying tax. Environment Water, animals, native plants, weeds, environment data, environment protection, home gardens, and soil, land and vegetation. Health and wellbeing Hospitals, health services, clinics and health advice for patients, parents, carers and the general public. Housing, property and land Renting, buying, selling or building a home, land supply and clearing, industry information, pool fencing, buying and selling property with pools. Parks and reserves Find a park to visit, check if a park is open, permits, camping fees, junior ranger and volunteer programs. Your rights, crime and the law Courts, alcohol, consumer rights, births, deaths, marriages, fines and crime. News View all news News 26 Feb 2024 Disaster Recovery Grant Programs Now Available Primary producers and non-profit organisations (NPOs) who were affected by the recent northern region flooding can now apply to access grant funding to support recovery efforts. Find out more News 14 Feb 2024 Welcome to Territory Services Territory Services is a new online services portal where people can go to perform a transaction with the Northern Territory (NT) Government. Find out more News 5 Feb 2024 Applications are now open for the 2024 Animal Welfare Fund grant program Northern Territory businesses are invited to attend information sessions on how they can use migration programs to fill vacancies. Find out more News 30 Jan 2024 Telstra 3G network - stay connected after June 2024 Are you still using the Telstra 3G network? The 3G network will no longer available from 30 June 2024. Find out more News 9 Jan 2024 Apply for funding to support your community project Round 2 grants for the Community Benefit Fund are now open to support Territory not-for-profit organisations to deliver services, programs and events to Territorians. Find out more News 17 Dec 2023 2023 New Year Eve events across the Territory A series of free, family friendly New Year’s Eve events are being planned across the Territory. Find out more News 16 Dec 2023 Basement Jacks – Where’s your stock at? Australia’s fishing and aquaculture resources are among the best managed in the world. Find out more News 12 Dec 2023 Thousands of job seekers registered on Territory WorkerConnect Territory businesses seeking workers are encouraged to sign up to the Territory Government’s WorkerConnect Platform with more than 8,000 job seekers now registered on the portal. Find out more News 8 Dec 2023 Have your say on changes to strengthen biosecurity legislation The Northern Territory Government has begun consultation with key stakeholders on proposed changes to the Livestock Act 2008, the Livestock Regulations 2009 and Trespass Act 2023. Find out more News 4 Dec 2023 Applications for 2024 Higher Education Scholarships are now open Are you an NT student who has completed Year 12 in 2022 or 2023 and starting tertiary studies in 2024? Find out more News 10 Jul 2023 Set sail at the iconic Darwin Lions Beer Can Regatta Expertly designed boats made out of cans – and the teams trying to sail them - will provide hours of entertainment at the iconic Darwin Lions Beer Can Regatta on Sunday, 16 July. Find out more News 3 Jul 2023 Defence Accommodation Precinct Darwin The Commonwealth and the Northern Territory have today signed an agreement to establish the Defence Accommodation Precinct Darwin at Howard Springs. Find out more News 3 May 2023 Scientific Inquiry into Hydraulic Fracturing Final Implementation Report released Today the Northern Territory Government has released the Scientific Inquiry into Hydraulic Fracturing Final Implementation Report. Find out more News 28 Apr 2023 Laramba Water Treatment Plant officially opened The Laramba Water Treatment Plant was officially opened on the 26 April 2023. Find out more News 17 Apr 2023 Lest we forget – Light Up The ANZAC Spirit In support of this year’s ANZAC commemorations, our history will come to life in a new way, with moving and powerful symbols of ANZAC illuminated by projections in Katherine and Darwin. Find out more News 11 Apr 2023 Anzac Day 2023 Find out about Anzac Day 2023 memorials dates and places. Find out more News 25 Jan 2023 Increased safety measures for Alice Springs The Northern Territory has outlined a number of measures to address anti-social behaviour and crime in Alice Springs. Find out more With a rapidly growing economy, industries and major developments, the Territory is an exciting place to call home. Have Your Say on public consultations NT Government jobs Search and apply for jobs Quotes and tenders Go to the online system NT Government grants Search and apply for grants Back to top Information and services Arts, sport and leisure Boating, fishing and marine Business and industry Community support and care Driving and transport Education and learning Emergency and safety Employment, money and taxes Environment Health and wellbeing Housing, property and land Your rights, crime and the law Find out more About government Public consultations NT public holidays Media releases Government grants Government directory Connect with us Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Have Your Say Copyright, disclaimer and privacy Freedom of information Interpreter services Accessibility Site map Contacts NTG staff systems The Northern Territory Government respectfully acknowledges the First Nations people of this country and recognises their continuing connections to their lands, waters and communities. We pay our respects to the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures, and to their leaders past, present and emerging. © 2024 Northern Territory Government of Australia URL: https://nt.gov.au/_design/latest/global-elements/footer/footer-nt.gov.au-esi-content