Home - Humanity in Action Skip to content Country Navigation Scroll Navigation Up International United States Poland Netherlands Germany Denmark Bosnia & Herzegovina Scroll Navigation Down Primary Navigation Who we are Fellowship Programs Action Projects Films Knowledge & Resources Opportunities Support Us News & Events Search and Menu Search Menu, Utility, and Connect Close Search Search Menu Who we are Mission Impact Supporters & Partners Governance History Team Fellowship Programs Summer Fellowship Programs Landecker Democracy Fellowship Action Projects Films Traces: Portraits of Resistance, Survival and Resolve I, Too Knowledge & Resources Articles Podcasts Publications Talks Videos How to Fix Democracy Opportunities Grants Professional Fellowships Leadership Conferences Study & Community Support Us News & Events Alumni News Press Releases Utility Support Us Make a gift today. Invest in leaders who build bridges in increasingly divisive societies. Donate Utility Links Contact Jobs Quick Facts Privacy Terms of Use HIA Connect Connect Hia Connect Social Links facebook twitter Instagram Youtube Home - Humanity in Action In our times of conflict and strife, committed to building equity, justice and democratic responsibility by sharing knowledge., enabling action., strengthening community., and reinvesting in hope and imagination. In our times of conflict and strife, committed to building equity, justice and democratic responsibility by sharing knowledge. enabling action. strengthening community. reinvesting in hope and imagination. Learn more about who we are > Our 2024 Fellowship Programs Humanity in Action is bringing Fellows to five countries this summer to kickstart activist journeys. Learn more > Our 2022-23 Landecker Democracy Fellows Meet the 30 leaders who realize ideas that meet the challenges facing democracy in the digital age in Europe and the US. Read more > 80 years: The Flight and Rescue of the Danish Jews 1943 - 2023 Humanity in Action marks this anniversary through a number of events in September and October. Learn more > Dive into our news & events. Information Webinar for Summer Fellowships Events | International, 17 January 2024 Join Humanity in Action's information webinar to learn about our 2024 Summer Fellowships. Humanity in Action Statement on the War in Israel/Palestine News | International, 27 October 2023 Humanity in Action's statement on the war in Israel and Palestine “Untold Stories | Forgotten Places of Memory” - Free Educational Materials for Teachers and Educators News | Poland, 05 March 2024 >> "Diversity, wonderful, open-minded people, professional approach of the trainers, testimony of history. Engaging way of conveying the information." This is how one of the participants summed up the participation in the international project "Untold Stories | Forgotten Places of Memory". More news > Learn from Carol Anderson Our latest How to Fix Democracy episode discusses America in the post-World War II years. Listen > 2022 Activity Report This report features activities from the Humanity in Action community. Full Report > Dig into knowledge and wisdom from our community. On Antisemitism Article | International, March 2023 Let’s talk about Qatar. But let’s not stop there. News | USA, 12 January 2023 Senior Fellow Jessamy Garver-Affeldt is currently doing research on migration in West and North Africa for the Mixed Migration Centre. Read her latest article about Qatar, the World Cup 2022, migration, and more... Q&A with Carol Anderson on Democracy, American History, and the Lessons We Can Learn From Antiquity Talk | International, 30 September 2022 On September 27, the new documentary I, Too held its international premiere at the Athens Democracy Forum in Greece. Ahead of the premiere in Athens, How to Fix Democracy host Andrew Keen caught up with bestselling author and Emory professor Carol Anderson. More Knowledge > Traces: Portraits of Resistance, Survival and Resolve Our new animated documentary trilogy. Learn More > Discover our community. The initial Fellowship program is only the opening phase of a life-long journey as a Humanity in Action Senior Fellow. Senior Fellow Community Senior Fellow Leadership Council Featured Senior Fellows Senior Fellow Opportunities > We are a community creating change. 365 for Human Rights Authors: Melina Kalem, Benjamin Nurkić, Kanita Buljubašić, Bosnia & Herzegovina 2021 365zaljudskaprava is a project developed and implemented by a young group of enthusiasts passionate about Human Rights and Democracy. Learn More > Explore Projects By Topic LGBTQIA+ Democracy Racism Migration Antisemitism Socioeconomics Arts Diversiteit Education Genocide “Stereotype Breakers”. Perception of Jewish community and culture in Poland Authors: Magdalena Fuchs, Poland, 2021 Magdalena Fuchs has long been fascinated by the Jewish culture and interreligious dialogue. It was only natural that her idea for the Action Project had to involve education and tolerance. As a lawyer and human rights activist, she knows best the value of teaching solidarity with minority groups and the real danger of hate speech. Indigenous Creations: Open Source Tools for Indigenous Communities Authors: DeLesslin “Roo” George-Warren, USA, 2021 Landecker Democracy Fellow DeLesslin George-Warren is a queer artist, researcher, and organizer from Catawba Indian Nation. DeLesslin works with five native technologists to support their work in creating Open Source projects to address the needs of their community. More Action Projects > We connect passionate people. Featured Senior Fellow Bill De La Rosa, 2015 John Lewis Fellowship “I am unafraid to get into “good trouble” for what is right. My life’s work has just begun.” Fighting for Immigration Reform: From the Personal to the Political Meet Bill > Meet our Senior Fellows. > We bridge the historical with the present to shape the future. Since our founding, we have reflected upon our mode of inquiry, have grown conceptually and expanded our reach. Mission Quick Facts History Learn More About Us > Local in our activities, international in our collaboration, global in our reach. New York Paris Amsterdam Berlin Copenhagen Sarajevo Warsaw Our Fellows implement Action Projects in their Communities around the World Offices Action Projects 07 Offices in the USA & Europe 211 Ongoing Action Projects More on our Impact > Site Footer Support Us Make a gift today. Invest in leaders who build bridges in increasingly divisive societies. Donate Utility Links Contact Jobs Quick Facts Privacy Terms of Use HIA Connect Stay in Touch Enter your email: Leave this field empty if you're human: Social Links facebook twitter Instagram Youtube Utility Links Contact Jobs Quick Facts Privacy Terms of Use HIA Connect Copyright Humanity in Action 2024 Scroll Modal Navigation Down