Free People - Women’s Boho Clothing & Bohemian Fashion Skip to main content Our Ongoing Commitments Learn More Sign In / Sign Up New Top Rated Clothes Jeans Activewear Swim Intimates Shoes Accessories Beauty + Wellness Collections Sale VN ($) VN ($) Clear Suggestions, trending searches, and preview results will populate after the search button. Your browser does not have JS enabled, you are still able to browse the website but you won't be able to access advanced features such as editing or logging in. Shop the Collection Shop the Collection Shop the Collection More from The March Collection Shop Now Sperry 2-Eye Boat Shoes Catch The Light Eyelet Tunic Classic Twist Shorties Rose Garden Micro Shorts Arizona Big Buckle Birkenstock Sandals Quinn Quilted Jacket In Bloom Shortie Buttercup Embroidered Mini Dress We The Free Lili Cardi We The Free Skyline Leather Jacket Just For You Shop Socks Shop Bags ShopMini Dress FP's Most-Loved See More CUSTOMER FAVORITERose Garden Micro Shorts★★★★★"Best of both worlds: comfortable and super sexy!! I am definitely getting another pair. This one’s a winner." Shop Now CUSTOMER FAVORITEWe The Free Wynne Denim Skirt★★★★★"Flattering and good quality. Excited about this one, I’ve been waiting for a We The Free denim mini skirt and this one exceeded my expectations." Shop Now CUSTOMER FAVORITESupernova Choker★★★★★"Love this choker! Really stylish and unique and get so many compliments!" Shop Now CUSTOMER FAVORITEReal Love Embroidered Dress★★★★★"This dress is so beautiful. The material is great and feels high quality. The length is perfect... it's lightweight and not heavy. I will be wearing this dress a lot!" Shop Now Shopfree-est ShopWe The Free What's New Shop Now Hudson Canyon Stripe Pants Last Dance Lace Triangle Bralette Farm Side Apron Cami We The Free Courtside Tee Gola Elan Sneakers Young And In Love Mini Slip Lacey Essential Cami We The Free Good Luck Mid-Rise Barrel Jeans Cloud Nine Lounge Shirt Only 1 Ringer Tank All Day Lace Capris Tricia Fix Carhartt Mixed Jacket ShopFP Movement More FP Movement Activewear Shop Now Never Better Run Shorts Righteous Runsie Run Racer Leggings Can't Lose Bra Sprint To The Finish Hoodie High-Rise 7/8 Length Good Karma Leggings No Sweat Track Jacket Go To Colorblock Tank Varsity Blues Short FP Cares Smock Show Packable Jacket Sprint To The Finish Zip-Up Rhythm Tank Short One-Piece Surf Suit ShopShorts ShopSunglasses ShopShoes More To Read 2/23/24 | STYLING 1013 Need-Now Drop-Waist LooksA rising trend? All waists low. How We’re Wearing Drop Waists 1/26/24 | GAME CHANGERCRVY’s Infinite Stretch JeansThe “sitting” jeans that stand out. Ready to stretch? 2/9/24 | free-est FOREVEROur Forever Summer Love StoryFrom the beach, to brunch, to beyond… Find Your free-est About Free People Free People, a specialty women’s clothing brand, is the destination for bohemian fashion that features the latest trends and vintage collections for women who live free through fashion, art, music, and travel. The brand offers a wide range of products from apparel (think: jeans, leather jackets, sweaters, crop tops, maxi skirts, boho dresses and more), to accessories, outerwear, shoes, intimates, swimwear, activewear, and beauty – all reflecting a high level of quality, invoking attributes of femininity, spirit, and creativity in its design, while creating the perfect festival clothing. Known for its playful femininity, the brand is a destination for party dresses, black dresses, wrap dresses, minis and maxis. More than a clothing brand, Free People aims to create a lifestyle that’s inclusive and sincere. Whether it’s bespoke experiences or philanthropic efforts, they revel in celebrating their fiercely loyal community. Free People is distributed globally via direct channels, including the Free People Global site, the Free People UK site and the Free People France site, as well as specialty clothing boutiques, top department stores, the brand’s free-standing retail locations (in the U.S, Canada and, now, Amsterdam! and the Free People Apple iOS mobile app. We offer free standard shipping on orders $100+ in the US, and ship orders to over 100 countries worldwide, including Canada and Australia. Gift cards are also available.