CustomTechFlooring.com Products Primers Leveling Moisture Control Patching Reference Library Material Safety Data Sheets Technical Data Sheets Printable Brochures Warranties Videos Case Study News Releases Technical Bulletins White Papers Support Material Coverage Chart Architectural Submittal Package FAQ Contact Us Material Calculator Material Calculator CBP Where to Buy CustomTech Takes Tower to New Heights Find out how advanced self-leveling underlayment technology helped accomplish a revolutionary vertical assembly line. Read More TechLevel 150 Self-Leveling Underlayment Just sweep, prime, and pour TechLevel 150 Premium Calcium Aluminate-Based Self-Leveling Underlayment for a fast-setting, durable, crack-resistant subfloor. Read More Learn what CustomTech Can Do for You CustomTech products offer durable, long-lasting protection for your floor covering installation by ensuring that the subfloor is properly prepared. Watch the video to learn how. Read More TechPrime A Acrylic Multi-Surface Primer To prepare porous and non-porous surfaces for the application of CustomTech self-leveling underlayments, start with TechPrime A Advanced Acrylic Multi-Surface Primer. Read More Featured Products Primers Ensure a strong bond for your CustomTech floor installation by priming either porous or non-porous surfaces before underlayment installation. Applying an appropriate primer will improve the bond of the leveling system, creating a more uniform and durable installation. CustomTech presents three different primer options to meet the needs of most any project. see all products Leveling Technologically superior levelers are now available. CustomTech self-leveling underlayments add strength, durability and an even surface to the floor to provide a superior surface for the application of floor coverings. They seek their own level in minutes and set quickly, adding extra support and high compressive strength to residential and commercial installations. see all products Moisture Control Uncontrolled moisture can cause cracks, crumbling and weakened bonds between the substrate and floor coverings. Protect the integrity of the installation by controlling the rate of moisture vapor transmission with CustomTech moisture remediation products. Transmission rates are reduced to less than three pounds, and the subfloor can be primer-ready in as little as five hours. see all products Patching Rough, damaged or uneven subfloors call for the use of CustomTech patching products for durable floor covering support. Patch over concrete, plywood, existing tile and other surfaces for even, quick-setting results from feather edge to 2". These patching products help to eliminate bond failure, crumbling and mildew in the substrate, which will increase the durability and longevity of the installation. see all products Material Coverage Chart Use our convenient surface preparation material coverage chart as a reference to determine how much product you need for your project. Primers Moisture Control Levelers Patching compounds Please consult each product's technical data sheet for more comprehensive information. Learn More Architectural Submittal Package CUSTOM offers a variety of documents to assist architects and specifiers. CSI 3-Part Specs: Hydraulic Cement Underlayment 03 54 16 - Download Moisture Vapor Emission Control 07 26 19 - Download You can also request additional specifications, details, installation methods and CAD drawings for your installation. Learn More Platinum Advisors Our council of Platinum Advisors are a select group of industry-leading floor preparation specialists who serve as ambassadors to the CustomTech brand. Learn More Products Primers Leveling Moisture Control Patching Reference Library Material Safety Data Sheets Technical Data Sheets Printable Brochures Warranties Videos Case Study News Releases Technical Bulletins White Papers Support Material Coverage Chart Architectural Submittal Package FAQ Contact Us Material Calculator Material Calculator CBP Where to Buy About Us Terms Privacy Policy Sitemap © 2024 Custom Building Products. All Rights Reserved