The University of Glasgow, Scotland, UK. A world top 100 university Skip to main content The University of Glasgow uses cookies for analytics. Find out more about our Privacy policy. privacy settings accept We use cookies Necessary cookies Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Analytics cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website. We use Google Analytics. All data is anonymised. Switch analytics ON OFF Hotjar and Clarity Hotjar and Clarity help us to understand our users’ behaviour by visually representing their clicks, taps and scrolling. All data is anonymised. Switch hotjar ON OFF Privacy policy close Study Research Explore Connect Study Research Explore Connect Search icon Close menu icon Menu icon bar 1 Menu icon bar 2 Menu icon bar 3 Study Research Explore Connect STUDY SEARCH level of study Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Short courses Continuing professional development Subjects A-Z Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Study abroad & exchange opportunities Visit us / Open Days Learning & teaching: support, strategy, planning and policies Flexible study Online study options Continuing professional development (CPD) Microcredentials courses Short courses at the University Access to Higher Education Part-time undergraduate study Student life Glasgow living, support and life beyond the books Chat to our students about life at UofG Undergraduate blogs Postgraduate blogs Student life vlogs Student experience strategy International students Our diverse University community attracts students and staff from over 140 different countries. Information for international students International student support Information for EU students and applicants Erasmus Mundus joint master degrees Ukraine: our response More about studying at Glasgow Research World-changing research REF 2021: recognition for our world-leading research, and the positive impact it has on society Explore our Research Beacons: six collaborative area of research excellence ARC: Advanced Research Centre Centres for Doctoral Training Multiple PhD scholarships available: Engineered Tissues for Discovery, Industry and Medicine (lifETIME) Wellcome Trust PhD programme MRC Precision Medicine Photonics and Advanced Data Storage Glasgow Doctoral School in Emerging Technologies (GD-SET) All our Centres for Doctoral Training Postgraduate research Research opportunities Doctoral training Research A-Z Browse our research units and areas Research strategy Developing our successful research community Our strategy and policies Our research excellence Our research environment More about research at Glasgow Explore Information A-Z Schools Colleges Staff A-Z Services A-Z Subjects A-Z Visit us Maps and travel Undergraduate events Postgraduate events Our campuses Campus tours Discover Who's who Jobs at Glasgow City of Glasgow Campus development The Library World top 100 The University of Glasgow is a world top 100 university. Awards and rankings World top 20 for sustainability Our commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals We are ranked in the top 20 universities in the world for sustainability Sustainability at Glasgow Campus development Over the last decade, the University of Glasgow has significantly invested in its estate to expand its world-class campus and facilities. Glasgow: our city, our partner We are committed to civic engagement and helping our local communities thrive. Global partnerships For over 560 years, Glasgow has established partnerships with institutions, colleagues and students across the world. News More news ... Explore more Connect Staff A-Z Searching for 'Ma' will find all surnames beginning with Ma, searching for 'Mac' will find all surnames beginning with Mac, searching for 'Macdonald' will find all Macdonalds. Advanced search Support us Find out more about our £1billion development to build a campus fit for today and the future. Alumni Stay in touch with your University. Find out more about alumni activities at the University of Glasgow. Business and innovation Working with the University of Glasgow: see how we can share our expertise with you. Contact us Find all the contact details you need to get in touch with someone who can help answer your questions. Make more connections Back to the top STUDY Subjects A-Z Undergraduate Postgraduate Online study Short courses International students Student life Scholarships and funding Visit us / Open Days RESEARCH Research units A-Z Research opportunities A-Z Glasgow Research Beacons Research strategy & policies Research excellence Our research environment EXPLORE Meet World Changing Glasgow City of Glasgow Visit us Accessibility Maps and travel News Events Schools Colleges Services Library University strategies CONNECT Staff A-Z Information for our alumni Support us Business & innovation Community and public engagement Social Media listings Ask a student Complaints JOBS AT GLASGOW Current vacancies The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401 University of Glasgow Glasgow, G12 8QQ, Scotland Tel +44 (0) 141 330 2000 Contact us Maps and travel Legal Accessibility statement Freedom of information FOI publication scheme Modern Slavery Statement Privacy and cookies Terms of use Current students MyGlasgow Students Staff MyGlasgow Staff