Linphone open source VoIP SIP softphone - voice, video and instant messaging Jump to navigation Logo menu mobile Main menu Products Solutions Licensing & services Technical corner About us News Menu Solutions Secure communications Leverage our long-term expertise on secure user authentication and end-to-end encryption. All use cases Linphone and its components are divers of innovation in many sectors. Read our white papers. Menu technical corner Linphone An open source SIP phone for voice/video calls and instant messaging (mobile and desktop) Liblinphone A high-level VoIP library implementing all SIP calling and IM features within a single API Flexisip A SIP server implementation with proxy, presence and conference modules Flexisip account manager A web API, provisioning server and admin platform for the creation and management of user accounts LIME End-to-end encryption module for instant messaging, implementing the Signal Protocol Post quantum encryption A Linphone extension providing Post Quantum Cryptography (using the Crystals-KYBER algorithm) Mediastreamer2 & oRTP A powerful voice/video streaming engine for telephony apps & a C library implementing RTT Protocol VoIP tunnel A VoIP anti-blocking solution to overcome VoIP blocking and firewall restrictions bcg729 A fully portable C99 implementation of both an encoder and decoder for the G.729 A/B codec Newsletter Tap the keyboard to perform your search Main menu Products Solutions Licensing & services Technical corner About us News Newsletter Menu technical corner Linphone An open source SIP phone for voice/video calls and instant messaging (mobile and desktop) Liblinphone A high-level VoIP library implementing all SIP calling and IM features within a single API Flexisip A SIP server implementation with proxy, presence and conference modules Flexisip account manager A web API, provisioning server and admin platform for the creation and management of user accounts LIME End-to-end encryption module for instant messaging, implementing the Signal Protocol Post quantum encryption A Linphone extension providing Post Quantum Cryptography (using the Crystals-KYBER algorithm) Mediastreamer2 & oRTP A powerful voice/video streaming engine for telephony apps & a C library implementing RTT Protocol VoIP tunnel A VoIP anti-blocking solution to overcome VoIP blocking and firewall restrictions bcg729 A fully portable C99 implementation of both an encoder and decoder for the G.729 A/B codec Menu Solutions Secure communications Leverage our long-term expertise on secure user authentication and end-to-end encryption. All use cases Linphone and its components are divers of innovation in many sectors. Read our white papers. Main menuProducts Solutions Licensing & services Technical corner About us News for smartphones, tablets and desktop platforms - HD audio and video calling - Audio/video meetings and group calling - Secure communications with post quantum end-to-end encryption - Instant messaging (IM), group chat and file sharing - Interconnection with Apple's and Google's push notification systems - Account creation and remote configuration (via QR code or URL) - Fully SIP-based, for all calling, presence and IM features Learn more Download for A complete, secure and interoperable SIP software solution for communication systems developers Discover our VoIP and Instant Messaging solutions in 3 minutes! Solutions, resources and commercial offers Accueil profil Enterprise Developers Users Products What is behind Linphone, and what software do you actually need? Discover the whole software family that we develop and distribute. Learn more Solutions Wondering how you can use Linphone, Liblinphone SDK or Flexisip server in your own, specific VoIP project? Read common use cases and consult our white papers. Learn more Licensing and services Undecided between open source or proprietary licenses, or need help with your project? Learn about our licensing model and our available range of professional services. Learn more Company Who are we and what do we do? Learn the story of the company behind the Linphone project, see our team’s skills and read some of our references. Learn more Developer wiki Much more technical information is available, and most of the developer guidelines are held in Linphone’s technical public wiki. Learn more White papers Learn how to use Linphone and Flexisip to build your intercom system, your secure VoIP solution or your social networking app. Learn more Technical corner Access detailed technical information about our software applications, including our software architecture, supported RFCs, API documentation, how to get the source code and more. Learn more Features Linphone is an open source SIP phone that makes it possible to communicate freely with people over the internet. Find out what it can do. Learn more FAQ If you are in any doubt about how to start using Linphone and make the most of all the available features, you can look for answers in our Frequently Asked Questions. Learn more Free SIP service Create and manage your Linphone account (which means your own SIP address) to start using Linphone and connect with your friends. Learn more Choose Liblinphone, the easiest way to bring advanced VoIP & IM features to software applications or hardware products Cross-platform A single SDK with abstraction of platform specificities, to develop your VoIP client for smartphones, tablets, desktop platforms and embedded systems Multi-language Liblinphone offers APIs for various programming languages: C#, Java/Kotlin, Swift, C++ and C. Easy-to-get Seamless integration with mobile platform IDEs thanks to our Maven repository and Cocoapods. SDK packages are available and source code is publicly shared. Easy-to-use Thanks to our tutorials, public Wiki, and development assistance service. READ MORE Build your secure communications app with Linphone Secure user authentication and call setup, with SHA-256 digest authentication or TLS client certificates Secure voice & video calls based on ZRTP or SRTP-DTLS end-to-end encryption protocols, using AES 128-bit or 256-bit key length and safe Elliptic Curves Diffie-Hellman (ECDH) X25519 and X448 Secure im and group chat (mobile only) with Linphone Instant Messaging Encryption (LIME), using modern ciphering curve X448 and double ratchet algorithm for perfect forward secrecy READ MORE Welcome to Linphone Latest news Migrate your Flexisip service to other distributions following the end of CentOS 7 February 2024 CentOS 7 will cease receiving updates on June 30, 2024, affecting Flexisip. Migration to compatible Linux distributions is recommended to maintain security and functionality. Read more FOSDEM24 - Optimizing Video Calls with FEC February 2024 We presented a conference at FOSDEM, in the RTC room, on optimizing video calls with Forward Error Correction (FEC). Watch our replay now! Read more Enhancement of Linphone SDK with the addition of asymmetric video activation mode February 2024 We have added asymmetric video to one-to-one calls in Linphone, providing a more flexible user experience. Linphone-SDK has also been enhanced for easy implementation. Read more More newsSubscribe Contact our sales team to discuss your VoIP and IM projects. Contact Us No front page content has been created yet. Linphone Features Create a Linphone account Source code Download Linphone on App Store Linphone on Google Play Linphone for deskop Help Developer wiki Contact FAQ Other links Jobs Privacy policy General terms Footer mentions © Copyright 2023 - Linphone - Belledonne Communications SARL