Home Skip to main content MACHINE NAME = WEB 2 Welcome to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development EnglishFrançaisEspañol UNCTAD Prosperity for all Connect with us Search Toggle navigation Main navigation About Topics Projects Publications Meetings Statistics Global crisis UNCTAD15 Media centre Main navigation right Delegate Home Login Home UNCTAD to mark 60th anniversary with Global Leaders Forum The Forum, “Charting a new development course in a changing world”, will unite leaders from across countries and industries to catalyze a new course for development. Report on the impact to global trade of major shipping route disruptions Simultaneous disruptions to key global waterways have the potential to reshape the world trading map and maritime networks. Report on the economic impact of destruction in Gaza and prospects for recovery UNCTAD's rapid assessment quantifies GDP loss, recovery timelines and the enduring socioeconomic impacts, painting a daunting picture of the development challenges ahead. Counting the costs of achieving the Sustainable Development Goals New analysis fills data gaps, helping countries know how much they need to spend – and how best to allocate financial resources. News The Gambia upgrades customs operations and boosts revenue from tradeUNCTAD’s ASYCUDA customs automation software helps the West African country boost its trade potential and collect record customs revenue in 2023. 28 Feb 2024 Unprecedented shipping disruptions raise risk to global trade, UNCTAD warnsKey shipping routes in the Red Sea, Black Sea and Panama Canal are simultaneously under threat, with far-reaching implications for inflation and food and energy security. 22 Feb 2024 Poverty, debt and climate risks: UNCTAD deputy urges stronger support for middle-income countriesThese nations, home to about 62% of the world’s poor, grapple with critical challenges and lack necessary support, particularly in access to finance. 8 Feb 2024 UNCTAD urges reforms on global debt architecture amid rising distressThe UN's trade and development body outlines a set of recommendations to realign the global debt architecture with developing countries’ needs. 7 Feb 2024 More news The Weekly Tradecast Money on the move: How remittances and trade work together for development This episode of the Weekly Tradecast looks at the importance of remittances with UNCTAD economist Bruno Antunes. View all podcasts Featured publications Navigating troubled waters: Impact to global trade of disruption of shipping routes in the Red Sea, Black Sea and Panama Canal Preliminary assessment of the economic impact of the destruction in Gaza and prospects for economic recovery Global Investment Trends Monitor, No. 46 More publications Pulse of the global cost-of-living crisis More Impact stories Roadmap for trade single windows: UNCTAD helps countries cut red tape, costs and emissions 29 Jan 2024 The roadmap offers a blueprint for setting up a sustainable and efficient one-stop shop for trade procedures in line with national needs. Report highlights impact of Mauritania’s investment reforms and further potential 19 Dec 2023 UNCTAD examines the West African nation’s success in implementing investment-boosting measures and recommends further action to maximize the country’s potential. Improving statistics on gender and trade in developing countries 30 Aug 2023 UNCTAD has published new guidelines to collect data to help policymakers tackle gender inequalities in trade. More stories Featured event UNCTAD 60th Anniversary 12 - 13 Jun 2024 Global Supply Chain Forum 2024 21 - 24 May 2024 View all events Videos United Nations Conferenceon Trade and Development Footer menu DELEGATES CIVIL SOCIETY JOURNALISTS Technical Cooperation Careers Connect with us UNCTAD - Palais des Nations, 8-14, Av. de la Paix, 1211 Geneva 10, Switzerland © Copyright | Privacy notice | Terms of use Signup for our Newsletter Insert your email address