Cognito Forms: Free Online Form Builder Skip Main Navigation Product Templates Pricing Resources Log In Sign Up User Guides Explore tutorials on form-building, calculations, payment, data integrations and more. Best Practices Learn to build better forms and leverage them for greater impact on your organization. Customer Stories Gather ideas and inspiration from others who automate work using Cognito Forms. Contact Support Connect with a team member to receive product support and other assistance. Blog Explore feature releases, news stories and the latest from inside our organization. Resources Featured Article Ensure Consistent Branding with Your Own Organization Theme Haley N. | November 14, 2023 Discover the importance of adding an organization theme in your branding strategy. Learn why consistency is key, and how creating, applying, and updating an organization theme can unify your brand image. Read the Article Data Collection Easily gather, format, and validate data through different field types.Workflow Automation Build flexible, efficient workflows that help you engage the right people at the right time.Data Management Organize, configure and transfer data, and create reports and documents.Security & Compliance Stay compliant with HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA and other privacy regulations.Integrations Expand functionality through native apps and third-party integrations.Online Payment Conduct secure online transactions through your choice of payment partners. Product NEW My Account Dashboard Support Log Out Easily Build Powerful Forms Easily Build Powerful Forms From simple surveys to complex registration forms. In just minutes, you can create the forms you need with our easy-to-use form builder. Collect data, accept payments, and create powerful workflows to automate your business and work more efficiently. Start a Free Trial No credit card required Workflows that really work. Engage the right people at the right time. Go beyond approvals with workflow features that allow you to engage anyone in multi-step processes. Request approvals, payment, signatures, feedback and more. Control every step of the process, from start to finish. Automate your processes and create flexible workflows with steps that can happen in any order or even at the same time. Explore Workflow Service Request Customer New Submission When do you need service? 3/12/2024 Request Service Quote Requested Estimated Cost $74.32 Send Quote Request Info Customer Review Service is scheduled for 3/12/2024.Bid total $74.32 Accept and Pay Reject Explore the features of our no-code platform and realize the potential for automating your work. Data Collection Easily customize how you collect information for surveys, order forms, lead forms, approval processes and more. Workflow Automation Build flexible, efficient workflows that help you engage the right people at the right time. Data Management View, sort and filter until the information you need is at your fingertips. Security & Compliance Protect your customers, your organization and all the information you collect. And stay compliant with data privacy regulations. Integrations Use Zapier, Microsoft Power Automate or Make to exchange data with thousands of applications. Online Payment Accept online payments directly through your forms – using Square, Stripe or PayPal. Start Building Now Used by innovators around the globe VaxRegistration.com Learn how VaxRegistration used Cognito Forms to streamline COVID-19 vaccinations for more than 1.2 million people. Learn More United Way of the Midlands Read on how a non-profit near and dear to us uses Cognito Forms to integrate internal processes and help organize local charitable events. Learn More Money Fit Check out how a non-profit credit counseling agency provides learning courses through Cognito Forms to promote financial stability. Learn More See what others are saying Company About Careers Newsroom Referral Program Write Us Support User Guides Blog Request Help Status Industries Accounting & Financial Services Churches & Religious Organizations Education Government Healthcare Home Maintenance & Repair Human Resources Information Technology Insurance Law Firms & Legal Services Manufacturing Marketing & Advertising Nonprofits Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Restaurants & Catering Retail & Sales Templates Application Forms Contact Forms Customer Service Forms Order Forms Registration Forms Groups & Events Reporting Forms Survey Forms & Quizzes Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 Cognito LLC, All rights reserved. Part of the Cognito AppsSM family of products.