Home | Gimlet Shows Shows All Latest Episodes Fiction Non-fiction Kids Gimlet About News FAQ Careers Shows See More Latest Episodes See More March 5, 2024 Episode 1: Tóɫikan Stolen In a remote corner of the Navajo Nation, Ella Mae Begay lived alone in a little blue house. Until one summer night when she and her truck disappeared, never to be seen again. March 4, 2024 From Ukrainian Teen to Russian Propaganda Star The Journal When Russian troops invaded his hometown in 2022, Ukrainian teenager Denys Kostev filmed TikTok videos cursing Vladimir Putin and praising Ukrainian courage. But a few months later,... Listen Now March 1, 2024 Can Warner Bros. Uncancel J.K. Rowling? The Journal Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling has come under fire in recent years for comments she’s made about gender and sex that some say are transphobic. WSJ’s Erich Schwartzel reports on ho... Listen Now February 29, 2024 Why the FTC is Challenging a $25 Billion Supermarket Merger The Journal The Federal Trade Commission is suing to block a $25 billion merger between two supermarket giants: Albertsons and Kroger.WSJ’s Patrick Thomas unpacks the deal and what it would mea... Listen Now February 29, 2024 Get Ready for Our BIGGEST SEASON EVER Science Vs Strap in, nerds: New Science Vs episodes are coming! This season, we’re diving into the science of longevity, cannabis, hormone balancing, dreams, menopause, squirting, protein and ... Listen Now February 28, 2024 The Downfall of Vice The Journal Vice Media was a digital-media pioneer, built on provocative journalism and the promise of reaching younger audiences, a boon for advertisers. In its heyday, the company was valued ... Listen Now February 28, 2024 300 Years of the American Tween Not Past It In our very first LIVE show, we’re exploring the wide-ranging influence of America’s coolest demographic: tween girls. Simone and our guest, BA Parker, are taking a historical domin... Listen Now February 27, 2024 Inside One Publisher’s Fight Against Book Bans The Journal School districts and state legislatures have been ramping up efforts to ban certain books from school libraries and curricula. Last year, Penguin Random House decided to do somethin... Listen Now February 27, 2024 Stolen Season 3: Trouble in Sweetwater Stolen Violence. Retaliation. Disappearances. The Navajo Nation is 27,000 square miles of remote terrain with just over 200 tribal police officers. This season on Stolen, Connie Walker’s i... Listen Now February 26, 2024 The Deepfake Election Has Arrived The Journal Days before the presidential primary in New Hampshire, thousands of people received a call from someone who sounded like President Joe Biden, telling them not to vote. The call was ... Listen Now February 23, 2024 Influencer Arielle Charnas’s Fashion Fail The Journal Arielle Charnas is a fashion blogger turned influencer with over 1 million Instagram followers. In 2020, she launched her clothing brand Something Navy with about $10 million from i... Listen Now February 22, 2024 The Deal That Could Change Credit Cards The Journal Capital One announced plans to buy Discover Financial Services in a $35 billion deal that marries two of the largest credit-card companies in the U.S. and has the potential to shake... Listen Now About Gimlet Gimlet Media is the award-winning narrative podcasting company that aims to help listeners better understand the world and each other. Gimlet was founded in 2014 and is based in Brooklyn, New York. Gimlet podcasts are downloaded millions of times per month by listeners all over the world. Shows Browse See the entire Gimlet catalogue. Newsletter Sign up for the Gimlet newsletter to stay up to date on your favorite podcasts. Signup Twitter Instagram Facebook Shows About Careers News Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy We've updated our Terms of Service. Learn More OK This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn More OK