Lyra, a secure online and in-store payment solution - Lyra ContacT US Search Int France Deutschland Brasil India España América Latina The payment solution that responds to your challenges In an effort to help you meet your current or future business challenges on local and international markets, Lyra has created a secure payment solution. No matter your activity type or the size of your company, we have a solution for you! Start now Control and manage your performance Use the online dashboard or your mobile device to view the details of every transaction made on your website and manage them according to your needs. Analyze your performance and track your activity via various available reports. There’s more: you can also export financial and transaction logs! Find the right payment methods Choose from over 150 online payment methods, ranging from the essential ones such as Visa, MasterCard and PayPal, to dedicated tools such as SEPA direct debit, Alipay transfer or eDCC. Lyra allows you to cater to your customers’ needs and increase your conversion rate. SEE ALL OUR PAYMENT METHODS A local presence for a global experience Whether you want to grow your business in Europe or branch out to Latin America, Asia or Oceania, our experts are there to guide you locally with our [keyfigures:global:subsidiaries] subsidiaries around the world. Powerful REST API To offer you more flexibility and optimize your conversion rate, Lyra provides you with a modern REST API and JavaScript code. This allows you to easily integrate input fields directly into your website. Our innovative technology is designed for both developers and your customers. API REST Mobile SDK & In-APP Supported CMS Meet our high level of security and fraud tools As a PCI DSS certified payment institution since 2009, we guarantee the security and reliability of transactions. With our anti-fraud tools, we are able to define business rules according to your activity, your buyers’ profile and your chargeback rate. Fraud management Lyra Group Trusted partner for your payments for 20 years! An active member of French Tech and avant-garde, we have surrounded ourselves with talents from all over the world to develop relevant and contemporary solutions. Labeled as a great company to work in, our experts, with an innovative spirit, work every day to revolutionize the world of payment. Get to know us better. [keyfigures:global:turnover] Million turnover in euros [keyfigures:global:payments] Billion payments processed per year [keyfigures:global:websites] websites currently use our solution Social networks Our payment solutions Online payment solution Recurring payment Mobile payment International payments Marketplace Demo shops Pricing Developers Plugins Code samples Embedded payment REST API Mobile SDK Marketplace – Onboarding KYC About us Lyra Collect Technical support Contact us Legal | GDPR | Cookies | Jobs Certifications