IndieBound.org Skip to main content Questions? Visit our Help Center Main navigation Indie Bookstore Finder Indie Bestsellers Booksellers Recommend Indie Next List Kids Indie Next List Reading Group Indie Next List Indie Bookstore Day About Press Contacts Help Center EBooks & Digital Audiobooks Become an Affiliate Main navigation Indie Bookstore Finder Indie Bestsellers Booksellers Recommend Indie Next List Kids Indie Next List Reading Group Indie Next List Indie Bookstore Day About Press Contacts Help Center EBooks & Digital Audiobooks Become an Affiliate Locate an Independent, Local Bookstore Desktop Menu Indie Bestsellers Indie Next List eBooks and Digital Audiobooks Link to IndieBound Locate Stores:by Name|by ZIP IndieBound FAQ Affiliate Program eBooks & Audiobooks Indie Bestsellers Indie Next List Kids’ Next List Reading Groups Spotlight on Amazon Black Lives Matter Well-Read Black Girl Sign In|My Account Get Help|Security & Privacy|Terms of Use Now In Paperback Why shop Indie? When you shop at an independently owned business, your entire community benefits: The Economy Spend $100 at a local-owned business and $52 of that stays in your community. Spend $50 at a national chain and keep $6.50 in the local community. Spend $50 online with a remote vendor with no sales tax collected and keep not one penny in your local community. Local businesses create higher-paying jobs for our neighbors. More of your taxes are reinvested in your community--where they belong. The Environment Buying local means less packaging, less transportation, and a smaller carbon footprint. Shopping in a local business district means less infrastructure, less maintenance, and more money to beautify your community. The Community Local retailers are your friends and neighbors—support them and they’ll support you. Local businesses donate to charities at more than twice the rate of national chains. More independents means more choice, more diversity, and a truly unique community. Now is the time to stand up and join your fellow individuals in the IndieBound mission supporting local businesses and celebrating independents. Learn more about IndieBound. Your choices matter. When you shop at small businesses, you help your community, the environment, and the economy. Find your local indie bookstore. Independent Spirit Independent Bookstore Day Bookstore's national celebration will take place on Saturday, April 27, 2024. Learn More The IndieBound Blog Get updates and latest news in the book industry! See Posts Consequences of Amazon Shopping at Amazon creates devastation for American cities and towns. Learn more "We must work together to support local booksellers everywhere so that they can continue to thrive and champion books on a local level with the personal touch and human connection that we all need, now more than ever." Amanda Gorman, Poet & Author Indie Bookstore Ambassador 2023-2024 More Bookish Resources... Indie Bestsellers See what’s selling in indie bookstores nationwide. See current list Booksellers Recommend Bookseller-recommended favorites — the heart and soul of passionate bookselling. See current list Become a Bookshop.org Affiliate Earn industry-leading commissions while supporting indie bookstores. Learn more Independent Bookstores Independent Bookstores Home More on IndieBound The USA Today Independent Bookstores Feature Check out our interactive map of the U.S. to find each of our featured independent bookstores on USA Today. This is just a sampling of the 2700+ independent bookstores across the United States. Watch for more stores to be featured in the weeks ahead. Why Shop Indie Download our infographic on why you make a real difference in your community. eBooks and Audiobooks Discover how to access ebooks and audiobooks through our affiliate programs with Kobo, and Libro.fm. here Follow @americanbooksellers on instagram Powered by Curator.io Links About IndieBound Help Center eBooks & Digital Audiobooks Booksellers Recommend Indie Bestsellers Indie Next List Kids Next List Reading Group List Independent Spirit Consequences of Amazon WRBG Club Independent Bookstore Day Campaigns The Future Is Indie Don't Box Out Bookstores Shop Early, Shop Local Indies First Sign In Sign Out Create Account Privacy Policy Terms of Use Press Contacts © Copyright IndieBound 2024. All Rights Reserved.