Home Skip to content (press enter) Learn Mission Campaigns Programs Get Involved Chapters Student Clubs Events Volunteer Take Action News Shop Open Menu Learn Mission Campaigns Programs Get Involved Chapters Student Clubs Events Volunteer Take Action News Shop Open search bar This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. Donate THE OCEAN NEEDS MORE FRIENDS Our Mission Where the land meets the sea What We Fight For Plastic Reduction Reducing the impact of plastics in the marine environments that surround us. Learn More Ocean Protection Defending our ocean from challenges threatening the vitality of the ecosystem. Learn More Beach Access Working with decision-makers to ensure full and fair beach access for all to enjoy. Learn More Coast & Climate Taking on issues that threaten our beaches and natural shorelines. Learn More Clean Water Protecting the health and sustainability of our planet's most precious resource. Learn More Latest Updates Latest News 40 years of protecting our coasts! This year marks 40 years of action by the Surfrider Foundation to protect our ocean, waves, and beaches for all people through a powerful activist network. Although the challenges to our coastlines have evolved since 1984, we can look back at remarkable success for many of the places we love most – achievements that we will be celebrating throughout 2024. Learn More The Surfrider Foundation is dedicated to the protection and enjoyment of the world’s ocean, waves, and beaches, for all people, through a powerful activist network. Our Campaigns Featured Campaign Demand Action On Climate Change Our ocean and coasts are at the center of the climate crisis. Learn More View All Our Programs Featured Program Ocean Friendly Restaurants The Surfrider Foundation’s Ocean Friendly Restaurants program tackles plastic pollution at its source. One restaurant, one customer at a time. Learn More Our Network Get Involved Find Surfrider Near You We're always looking for volunteers to help affect change locally. Join us. Select State - Annapolis NC - Bogue Banks FL - Broward County NC - Cape Fear NY - Central Long Island SC - Charleston NC - Charlotte IL - Chicago CT - Connecticut OR - Coos Bay DE - Delaware NY - Eastern Long Island FL - Emerald Coast FL - First Coast FL - Florida Keys TX - Galveston GA - Georgia SC - Grand Strand/Myrtle Beach - Grays Harbor CA - Humboldt NJ - Jersey Shore HI - Kauai - Kenai Peninsula HI - Kona CA - Long Beach CA - Los Angeles ME - Maine CA - Marin County MA - Massachusetts HI - Maui CA - Mendocino FL - Miami WI - Milwaukee CA - Monterey NH - New Hampshire NY - New York City OR - Newport Oregon NY - Niagara Frontier OR - North Coast OR CA - North OC MN - North Shore MN MI - Northern Michigan OH - Northern Ohio WA - Northwest Straits HI - Oahu MD - Ocean City WA - Olympia WA - Olympic Peninsula FL - Orlando NC - Outer Banks BC - Pacific Rim FL - Palm Beach County OR - Portland Oregon RI - Rhode Island PR - Rincon CA - San Diego CA - San Francisco CA - San Luis Obispo CA - San Mateo County CA - Santa Barbara CA - Santa Cruz WA - Seattle OR - Siuslaw CA - Sonoma Coast CA - South Bay NJ - South Jersey CA - South Orange County WA - South Sound TX - South Texas FL - Space Coast FL - Suncoast TX - Texas Coastal Bend OR - Three Capes FL - Treasure Coast BC - Vancouver BC - Vancouver Island CA - Ventura County VA - Virginia FL - Volusia/Flagler DC - Washington DC Our Impact Our efforts are paying off. See what we’ve accomplished so far: 200 Chapters and Student Clubs 800+ Victories to Protect Our Coast 182K Volunteer Hours in 2021 Show Your Support 100% of every purchase helps protect our coasts, waves, and beaches. Best-Sellers Are Back Our #1 selling tee is back in stock—shop today before it sells out again! Cozy Winter Favorites Check out all new apparel and accessories for the season Shop Now The Surfrider Foundation is committed to fostering a just, equitable, diverse and inclusive organization for all people who protect and enjoy the world’s ocean, waves, and beaches. Learn More We Love Our Partners Join Us Corporate Foundations $10 per month helps protect a quarter mile of your local coast. $ 5 / mo $ 10 / mo $ 25 / mo $ 50 / mo Subscribe and connect with us Surfrider Foundation Stay Informed Additional Surfrider Links About Us Mission Model Team Board Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion History Ambassadors Media Environmental Policies Give Donate Membership FAQ Partnerships Get Involved Volunteer Events Fundraise News Programs Campaigns Careers Nonprofit Legalities Legal Financials Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 501(c)(3) Compliance Copyright © 2024 Surfrider Foundation Connect on social media