Whatever | TIME TO REGISTER TO VOTE Whatever TIME TO REGISTER TO VOTE Menu HomeAbout A Brief Biography of John Scalzi Availability for Interviews, Appearances, Writing Work and Optioning Existing Work Books and Other Projects by John Scalzi Contact Information Guidelines for Publicity, Blurbing, Unpublished Work, Story Ideas, Retweets, Guest Blogging, Charitable Solicitations, Autographing, Educational Use and School Assignments Scheduled Appearances Site Disclaimer, Comment and Privacy Policy The Canonical Bacon Page The Scalzi Creative Sampler Scalzi Enterprises · The Scalzi Family Foundation The Big Idea: Gideon Marcus Posted on March 5, 2024 Posted by Athena Scalzi 2 Comments For as long as there has been science fiction, there’s been women writing science fiction. Unfortunately, as time passes, some of these stories can get lost along the way. Thankfully, Gideon Marcus is here to bring them back into the spotlight, for you to discover for the first time. Or, as the title suggests, rediscover some of these old but gold works. So hop on board as Marcus takes you to the past in the new anthology, Rediscovery: Science Fiction by Women Volume 3 (1964-1968). GIDEON MARCUS: Time marches on, and so does our voyage of Rediscovery. Rediscovery: Science Fiction by Women (1958-1963) was our first release, back in August 2019. It was experimental in every way: a science fiction anthology of works largely un-republished in 55+ years, introduced by a host of largely unknown (but promising) authors. A book by a brand new press that hardly knew what it was doing. A selection of works that reflected a time of transition in science fiction—the end of the Silver Age. It succeeded beyond our wildest dreams, introducing a new generation to SFnal dreams that still resonated across the years. It brought forgotten names back into the spotlight. It also served as a springboard for new names; at least six of the introducers on the first volume went on to become Hugo/Nebula finalists. Of course, a second volume was inevitable. For that one, we went back in time rather than forward, to explore the peak of the Silver Age and the height of women’s involvement in science fiction before Star Trek and second wave feminism opened the floodgates for good. Though no less relevant, the character of the fiction women wrote between 1953 and 1957 was more fantastic, more focused on the family, than the harder SF of the Volume 1’s era. Volume 3, covering 1964-1968, is another thing altogether. With the crashing of the New Wave, the participation of women in the genre at a nadir, and society in the throes of revolution, the timbre of the stories changed. They are darker, often tinged with horror. The gamut of fiction in this era literally runs from A to Z, from the reassuring traditionalism and fine craftsmanship of Ashwell’s “Wings of a Bat” (originally published in Analog) to the absolutely deconstructive prose of Zoline’s “Heat Death of the Universe (New Worlds). Perhaps apropos of the maelstromic times this volume represents, this era proved the most challenging to rescue names from. Some are eternal and have stood the test of time: Kate Wilhelm, Joanna Russ, Kit Reed—these are well-known and much reprinted authors (though our stories have largely lain fallow). But Dorothy Jones, one of Star Trek fandom’s most important contributors? Pauline Ashwell and Hilary Bailey, British savants who are virtually forgotten today? And L. J. T. Biese…it took an Herculean (as in Poirot) effort to learn that she was Lucinda Biese, whose personal story is as remarkable as the piece we included in the volume. And that’s really The Big Idea (™) of this volume. What we discovered as we rediscovered was not only a tremendous crop of science fiction/fantasy/horror stories, but a brilliant cohort of authorial talent. And we were able to connect with these authors more directly than ever before: four of the Afterwords are by daughters of the writers. Two of the authors are still alive: Mary Jane and Pam Zoline, both of whom we corresponded with at length. We also worked with the Biese and the Ashwell family in the course of putting the volume together. Kit Reed was a friend (she passed away in 2017). The result is a more personal book. I can’t objectively say it’s the best in the series—I can’t say that about any of them. They’re all stand-outs, all different. But of all of them, it means the most to me. I hope when you read it, you are affected as strongly and as positively as I was when I first encountered them. Rediscovery: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Bookshop|Jounreypress|Powell’s Socials: Facebook|Bluesky Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Posted on March 4, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 4 Comments I got a new music plug-in today which is useful for creating generative, ambient patterns, and so decided to work with it a bit and create a new track. When I was done with it, I noticed the track was exactly ten minutes long. Thus the title: “Ten Minutes of Your Life.” Which might sound a little ominous, I suppose, but the track isn’t dark or heavy; rather a pleasant, lulling way to spend one-sixth of an hour. There are many worse ways to spend ten minutes, I assure you. And while you’re listening to it, you can be doing other things too, if you like. I won’t judge. Enjoy. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Posted on March 4, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 13 Comments Don’t give me that look, cat. I can always revise! And yes, that is the current work in progress behind Spice. It’s coming along nicely. You’ll see the whole thing in roughly one year. There will be other stuff before then, don’t worry. You’re not getting rid of me that easily. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... I Wrote Almost 3,000 Words Today and My Brain is a Little Spongy, Here’s a New Song From Paramore Posted on March 1, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 8 Comments A pretty good song! And now I’m going to spend my Friday evening mostly watching TV and going “durrrrrrr.” I hope that’s all right with you (and if it’s not, I have some bad news for you re: me caring). In case I’m not back until Monday, have a fabulous weekend. If I am back before then, please have a fabulous weekend anyway. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Annye Driscoll Posted on February 29, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 11 Comments Stuck for information about how to make your cosplay come together — and stay together? Annye Driscoll has just the book for you with Glue Guide: Everything You Need to Know About Adhesives. Here she is to warm you up on this sticky subject. ANNYE DRISCOLL: I never in a million years thought my first book would be about… glue. I’ve been a fantasy reader my whole life. I was named after a bookseller (“in the hopes you’d be a reader!”) and raised on Tamora Pierce, Redwall, and the-wizard-who-shall-not-be-named. I wrote some fanfiction and read a whole lot more of it, and as I grew so did my TBR and my Goodreads yearly goal (hashtag join the Storygraph exodus). I won NaNoWriMo in 2017 with a silly little fantasy book about magic horses and took that writing habit into 2018, but by March I had to admit to myself that fiction writing wasn’t for me. I’m obsessed with the craft and will be a fan forever, but (at least for this season of my life), I remain solely a consumer. As I slowly came to terms with my fiction writing failure, I was finding success in another fantastic creative endeavor: cosplay. For my second ever cosplay build I created – from scratch – a suit of armor, a five-foot sword, and a tower shield about the size of me. The contrast with my short-lived writing endeavor was immense. Where fiction writing was a chore – one that I felt was well-worth, but which took an immense amount of self-coercion, some days – sewing, prop-making, and armorsmithing seemed to flow out of me (and into greatly multiplying Rubbermaid bins). (To say nothing of the con scene! There, I was at home. I could wear my art. People asked for photos of my art! I met my creative heroes and got to see, touch, and ask questions about their art!) I started out okay at cosplay, but I got better quickly. I won some awards, I judged some contests, and I started teaching. When people asked what my advice for a beginner cosplayer was, my answer was always the same: think about your glue choices… when you need to stick a thing to another thing, pause for a moment and make sure the adhesive you’re choosing is the one that’s actually best. Adding a little bit of time and thought to a build process will result in a costume that’s stronger, cleaner, and much more beautiful. I gave the same advice to cosplayers wanting to move up a competition level, or to cosplayers wanting to have better con experiences. I felt I was repeating this advice at every con and in many social media posts, and even saying it to myself when I worked on my own builds. Glue choice matters a lot in any craft, but in cosplay it’s particularly important for two reasons: We’re often adhering two atypical materials. Yoga mat foam and pleather! Insulation foam and wood dowels! Tiny sparkly jewels and a plastic off-brand dart gun! Because we’re packing, transporting, wearing, and posing with our creations, we have to be able to trust them to hold up in lots of different situations. And so I wrote The Ultimate Glue Guide. I want makers to not only be proud of their craft, but also to be confident when their pieces are displayed in a crowded convention hall, soaked during a photoshoot in the rain, or shoved into a Rubbermaid bin for three months. Wearing one’s artwork is hard enough without having to worry about foam armor panties falling apart at a comic con. I never thought my first book would be about glue. I never considered it would be nonfiction or that I’d be reading data sheets and researching PPE filters for it. I am so proud of The Ultimate Glue Guide and I know it’s going to help a lot of artists improve their craft. It’s not exactly how I imagined this dream that I’ve had my whole life – of joining those great authors I’ve spent every day of my life with – coming true. But as my release date nears, my butterflies heighten, and I get closer and closer to the day I get to see my book on the shelves of Barnes and Nobles, I do feel, just a bit, like I’m living in a fantasy land. (Sadly, no magic horses here. Yet.) Happy making, and stick with it! The Ultimate Glue Guide: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Bookshop.org|Powell’s Author socials: Instagram | Facebook | website Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... It’s the Most Shamrocky Time of the Year Posted on February 29, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 51 Comments I had to actually leave my house and go into the world today, to visit the Armstrong Air & Space Museum, to do some research on an upcoming project. While I was out and about, I stopped at a McDonald’s because I they were advertising that it was Shamrock Shake time again. It’s been so long since I’ve had one that I could not in fact remember when the last time I had one was, so it was time to catch up. And, with the exception of the little squirt of whipped cream at the top, it was pretty much exactly as I remembered it from my childhood: A vaguely chalky, vaguely minty shake that has as much relation to actual shamrocks as I do to a leprechaun, which is to say, almost none at all. Still, I enjoyed it, because I enjoyed it as a kid, and nothing has happened in the interim to make it worse. How many things can that be said about? Hooray for extremely modest expectations! What modest treat from your own childhood do you still enjoy these days? — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Eliza Chan Posted on February 28, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 2 Comments One of the great advantages of speculative fiction is that it can take the legends, myths and trope you already think you know, and recontextualize them in a way that presents them in a way you’d never considered them before. For Fathomfolk, author Eliza Chan took a well-known aquatic trope and presented it in a way that’s destined to make a splash. ELIZA CHAN: Water is a necessity of life. People the world over choose to settle near water: on islands and shorelines, near rivers and lakes. It is unsurprising then, that mythology and folktales, as varied as they are across the globe, often feature stories of sea folk. Mermaids and kraken, kelpies and water dragons. Most mermaid retellings focus on the love aspect of the traditional Hans Christian Andersen story; I wanted to focus on the movement from water to land. In my head, the little mermaid is an first generation immigrant. She has to learn the etiquette and culture of another people; is isolated from the land of her birth, her family, pretending to be fully human to fit in. These were all concepts close to my diaspora heart, thinking about the journey my own parents made halfway across the world, my own sense of identity as someone who wasn’t ever certain where they belonged and was constantly hounded by the question, “Where are you from originally?” Fathomfolk is the story of these first and second generation sea folk, set in a big multicultural city, teaming with life and opportunities but also inequality and division. I foolishly thought I was avoiding all the tricky worldbuilding of big epic fantasy or historical fantasy novels with my urban contemporary, semi-flooded cityscape. The first draft soon proved me wrong. I struggled to visualise a European style city that was semi-flooded without it edging into science fiction or terrifying visions of Waterworld flashing before my eyes. The more I researched, the more I was drawn to real-life aspects of East and South-East Asia: the stilt houses; the different boats still used to this day for housing, transport or fishing; the adaptations to monsoon rains and flooding. This is where my story wanted to be and so mid-draft, it became an Asian citystate. With this base, I gave myself the extra task of having scenes above and below the waterline. Above, humanity are concentrated in towers and skybridges, with rooftop gardens and vertical farming to maximise the space. I looked to Singapore and Hong Kong as they built higher and higher due to the lack of space. In the submerged depths, I had kelp forests, underwater nightclubs lit with bioluminescence and fathomfolk-powered water tuktuks. Building my world was difficult but satisfying, especially having to remember if characters were walking or swimming, but I loved the freedom of imagining something quite different to anything I’d read before. The little mermaid comes onto land for the love of a man. She tries to fit in, hiding her true self until things don’t work out. Then… well it depends which version you prefer. In the first draft of my novel, I had a single point of view. After a while this started to frustrate me, scared me even, worried readers would assume this character represented my point of view. The fear of being the mouthpiece of an entire culture (although I’m not sure what culture exactly a semi-submerged, human and sea folk populated city represents). Switching to multi-point of view, the story had more space to float. The characters could be themselves, different, messy, flawed people with a myriad of ideas of where they belonged and how to enact change. The little mermaid is still there, in a very loose, very reimagined form. The story is no longer just about her though. It’s also about the seawitch, a villain or merely an astute businesswoman making the best of her circumstances? It’s about the other seafolk, the messy melting pot of opinions, generational, class and political differences that make a minority group less homogeneous than it first appears to those on the outside. It is a reminder that fantasy is for everyone and is as strange or familiar as we make it. It can stretch as far as the imagination allows us to take it, even if my imagination went to an Asian seafolk city mash-up. Fathomfolk: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Bookshop|Waterstones Author Socials: Web site|Bluesky|Instagram|Twitter Read an excerpt. Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... You Could Be Using “AI” RIGHT NOW Posted on February 28, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 32 Comments A useful little video from Vox about how “artificial intelligence” is everywhere these days, like microplastics, and like microplastics, you may not be entirely aware of how pervasive it is in your day-to-day life. Part of the problem, I think, is the label “artificial intelligence,” which is both extremely broad and extremely inexact — the “AI” of a Photoshop “remove” tool is different from the “AI” in, say, DALL-E. It’s like how a mouse and an elephant are both mammals. I would like the words we use for this stuff on a daily basis to be a little more granular. It would be helpful. I’ll also note I find many instances of “AI” extremely useful; for example, when it color balances my pictures in Photoshop or does a quick master of my music in Logic Pro. The actual writing of words I’ll still largely do the old-fashioned way. Related to this, Automattic, the parent company of WordPress and Tumblr, both of which I use, is now entering into contracts that allow these sites to be scraped for “AI” purposes, unless the user opts out. This has folks (reasonably) up in arms, but I will note that a) this is an at least slight improvement to what was already being done, which was that the entire Internet was already being scraped without any permission at all, and b) I’ve checked the little ticky boxes for this site and my Tumblr accounts to have the AI scraping pass them by. Will they in fact be passed by? We’ll find out! I’ll note that ethics is an area that the AI bros fall down a lot around, so I’m less than 100% percent convinced that a ticky box is going to stop them. But the existence of those ticky boxes, at least, will add a fun wrinkle in future class action suits. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Zilka Joseph Posted on February 27, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 2 Comments The world is wider than we often know, with more people and communities in them than many of us have heard of before. In Sweet Malida: Memories of a Bene Israel Woman, author Zilka Joseph explores her own connection and history with a largely little-known group, and why she decided to open up her past and place it on the page. ZILKA JOSEPH: Who are the Bene Israel Jews of India? Where did they come from? How did they survive in India? What is their legacy? What does it mean to me as a descendant of the Bene Israel, how do our stories/lives connect? The history of my Bene Israel ancestors, my exploration of their life and traditions, and how these stories reflect on the narrative of my own memories and journeys, are at the core of my book. The origins of this micro-minority, an ancient Jewish community from India known as the sons of Israel—the Bene Israel, has always been fascinating to me. I read books about my ancestors by pioneering researchers in this field, and later my study of this subject deepened, as I read books by contemporary scholars. I’ve been publishing books rooted in my life experiences mingled with a myriad other subjects, but this is the first time I created a book focused exclusively on the stories of the Bene Israel, and my personal journeys. My ancestors are believed to have been survivors from a shipwreck on the west coast of India, and have lived there since their arrival in 175 B.C.E. Some think they came after the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 C.E., that they were descendants of the Lost Tribes who came around the tenth century, perhaps around King Solomon’s reign. I want people to read about our great and unique culture. Many people, especially in the West, are knowledgeable about the dominant European/East European Jewish cultures, and seem to know little about Jewish communities/cultures from around the world. A not uncommon reaction to hearing about our existence is disbelief or suspicion. Sometimes the information people have can be skewed or incorrect. Our customs, food and culture, influenced by region, our literature, our art, our professions, and lives, exist not just in history or the past, but in the present, as we live today in countries everywhere. We are here, we are beautiful, we are not a monolith, or specimens to be pinned and catalogued. We are living community. We celebrate who we are in every way, in India, and wherever on the globe we choose to live. I was born in Mumbai, and lived in Kolkata, India. We were not religious, but we celebrated certain Jewish festivals and enjoyed the food connected with them. We lit Shabbat candles. We had friends from all religions, neighbors of all religions, as that was how many of our neighborhoods were in India. I was a high school English teacher for many years, and later, I immigrated to the US with my husband. The openness with which I was brought up enabled me to embrace the study of varied subjects. Our home was a treasure trove of books. I loved world epics, folktales, literatures, mythology, Nature and animals/wildlife, and this is reflected in all my work. (It’s likely I became a bookworm because I was home a lot, half-paralyzed with a terrible disease called polio, and my life as a child changed overnight.) I continued to be an avid reader even in my teens. I read Benjamin J. Israel’s books, The Jews of India and The Bene Israel of India. I realized, only decades later, how his books had laid the foundation for renowned scholars today. These materials are invaluable. Will people become curious about our culture and legacies? Teach future generations about us? I hope so. Also, I hope schools and Universities in India, and all over the world, will add and/or expand the scope of Jewish Studies to include the study of minority and micro-minority Jewish communities and their rich cultures. In my book, I imagine the lives of my ancestors, and how they adapted, and adopted Maharashtrian (today the state of Maharashtra) foods, dress, etc. They were a part of the Indian population even before the festival of Hanukkah came into existence, and even before “India” was a country at all. They were oil pressers, “shanwar tellis,” we know for a fact. Perhaps because they were indeed one of the Lost Tribes of Israel whose profession was oil pressing? The gaps in the records too, are vital to my exploration of new narratives and perspectives, of parallels in my own life. While some pieces reflect myths, customs, mysticism, quirky facts, and Bible stories, I return often to the subject of food. Given my own love of food, food history and anthropology, I describe how certain traditional sweets are made. These food journeys are very meaningful to me. Voyage, or journey, then, becomes a central metaphor, and maritime references are quite organic to my work. The geographical, historical, spiritual journeys of my ancestors, my grandparents are of great interest to me. My grandfather was a doctor (then in British India) and sent to Egypt and Palestine during the World War 1, and I am trying to find information about his life and untimely death after he came back home. The voyages of my father, a chief engineer in the merchant navy and my mother who sometimes accompanied him when they sailed to Europe Africa, Australia, North America. These journeys are inextricably entwined with the wanderings of my people, and my own travels, search for home. This collection came together in a very organic way. It became a tapestry of pieces I had written and saved, or had published in gastronomic/literary journals, and new work. Narratives shift in place and time. My work braids many worlds together, and wanders through history, myth, and memory, celebrates what’s lost and found, finally rests in a moment of connection. A moment I hold on to everyday, as I continue my journey as a writer in an increasingly turbulent world. Sweet Malida: Amazon|Bookshop Author Socials: Web site|Facebook Read an excerpt. Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... Bird Patrol Is On the Scene! Posted on February 27, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 10 Comments Those nefarious winged creatures are up to no good, and it falls to Spice the cat to make a comprehensive survey of their mischief, and report back to the other cats. She will not fail her duty. That’s dedication, people. That’s commitment. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Kerrie Faye Posted on February 26, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 3 Comments Sometimes as an author, you have to work to develop a character. And sometimes, they just… appear. Which of these did author Kerry Faye have happen for her novel Dead Girl? She’s here now to enlighten you. KERRIE FAYE: I’ve always been curious about how storytellers come up with their ideas. Most of the time, it’s not how I would have imagined. For me the big idea came not as a concept, but as a character. Ember, the main character of my debut novel, Dead Girl, literally arrived one day in early January 2021. You see, I had just come off a big move from South Florida to Denver, Colorado, in 2019 when the pandemic hit. While some found 2020 to be the perfect time to pursue their hobbies (writing), I couldn’t fathom creating. I had meat and toilet paper to procure. I didn’t have time for fun things like world building. I was in survival mode. But then 2021 rolled around, and I found that I was able to separate myself from the chaos of the world around me and pursue my true love, writing. I did like most novices—I found a craft book to get the muse going. I scoured the internet. I joined organizations, critique groups. This was it. I was going to write a best seller. Spoiler alert: I did not. But what I did do was play. And in that play, my main character showed up. And she showed up in a big way. Some might say, she was my big idea. So, there she was: Ember. I had to get to know her. She was mysterious and alluring in my mind’s eye, auburn hair and honey-colored eyes. But beyond her initial façade, there lay sadness, scars, the source I had to uncover. After some time, she laid herself bare. I cried. She was misunderstood. Made fun of. And, worst of all, she didn’t want to live. Heart in my throat, I scooped Ember up and held her close. Together, we found a way out—a future where she could be herself. The story that unfolded was beyond even my wildest imagination. She showed me why the kids at school made fun of her. She taught me about synesthesia. We dug deeper and found out she was misdiagnosed. She was, in fact, Nephilim! The more we explored and navigated her world, we realized that her biggest threat wasn’t her classmates. It was the Order, a heretical sect that wanted to eradicate her kind. But to overcome that threat, she would have to accept who and what she was. She would have to let go of the peer pressure to fit in. Stop worrying about what others thought of her. Ember would have to embrace what made her different and discover self-love. Essentially, she would have to want to live. To my great joy, she did. The girl took the reins of the plot and overcame death’s seductive call. She made friends. She had her first kiss. She fell in love. She became the Dead Girl who lived. By the end, she had me in tears once more—not because of her old wounds, but because of the bravery that, I knew, it took to overcome them. Ember was more than just the big idea, my inciting incident on the journey to becoming an author. She was the story. Dead Girl: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Bookshop Author Socials: Web site|Facebook|Instagram|Twitter Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... A Reminder in a Contentious Time Posted on February 25, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 26 Comments It’s 2024, which means it’s an election year here in the US, and a particularly messy one at that, and also, the world in general is in a state which is best described by the very technical term “a real shitshow.” There are any number of issues one can get wrapped up in and focused on, and all the while one must also do one’s work, tend to one’s family and try to live one’s life in a way that does not end up with one paralyzed with fury and/or helplessness. There are only so many hours in a day, only so many brain cycles one can devote, only so many spoons each of us has, and only so much effort one person can offer. With that in mind, a reminder to all and sundry: 1. You know best what level of engagement you can provide to the various issues and crises here at home and around the world, big, medium and small, while at the same time living your own actual life. Listen to yourself on this. 2. If you want to engage publicly on an issue, then do so. If you would prefer not to engage publicly but are willing and able to do so privately, then do that. If you decide this is an issue that is best left to others, privately and publicly, then let those others take the lead. 3. You will have reasons to engage, or not, with any particular issue. It’s always good to know for yourself what those reasons are. You do not have to share them with, or justify them to, anyone else, unless you want to. 4. Others may be, publicly or privately, more engaged with any one particular issue than you are, or less. That’s their choice. You may approve, or not, but their choice is their own. Likewise, they may or may not approve of your level of engagement on one or more issues. That is their choice to make. Ultimately you will know what level is engagement is best for yourself. 5. You may change your mind! If at any point you want to become more engaged on any issue, or less, then that’s fine, too. Your life circumstances may change that allow you more bandwidth, or less; you may decide that you have learned enough about an issue, or that the issue is more complicated than you originally assumed; you may decide that your engagement will be of use, or determine it won’t be useful at all. When any or all of these, or other things, make you decide to change your level of engagement, then go ahead and do it. 6. You are one person, and you have a specific set of interests, talents, obligations, opinions, priorities and knowledge that will dictate what issues you engage with, how much you engage with them, and in what manner. This matrix of engagement will necessarily be different than anyone else’s. This is fine, and even if it wasn’t, that wouldn’t change the fact that it is true. Should you be engaged with the current issues of the nation and the world? I think so, yes. You live in the world and the things that happen in it will affect you in ways big and small, and in ways you can’t always anticipate. You should engage in them how you can, when you can, and in the ways you think will be the best for you. You are the person who has to decide all of that. No one else is you. Keep it in mind when the world presents its overwhelming self to you — as it will do every day, now and in the future — and you have decide how to be a part of it. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... I Am Being Impeded In My Work Posted on February 23, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 31 Comments I brought my laptop downstairs for a change of scenery whilst I work, and was immediately colonized by a cat. Typing is difficult. This may be my last communication to you, at least until the cat moves, and we all know how that goes. If indeed this is the end for me, know that my last thought was to wish you a pleasant weekend. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... New EP Out Now: “Difficult Time” Posted on February 21, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 4 Comments Surprise! I have another EP of electronic music ready for you. This one is called Difficult Time, after one of the tracks on the album, and also because [gestures at the world]. The five tracks here allude to the mess of the world, either by running toward the mess, or away from it. It clocks in at 28 minutes, which makes it a nice, compact collection (and also, now I have figured out how some streaming services decide whether something is an EP or album: If it’s less than 30 minutes, it’s an EP, and if it’s longer, it’s an album. Well, okay). Three of the tracks I’ve posted here before; two of them, including the title track, are previously unreleased. As I type this, Difficult Time is available on YouTube and YouTube Music, and also on Amazon Music. As always, the other streaming services will have it presently, it just takes a day or two to jump through the various approval processes. I do intend to make this EP and other music of mine available on Bandcamp eventually, whenever I can manage to get around to it. In the meantime, I’ve posted the individual tracks below (via YouTube) for your listening enjoyment. They are: Ascenders — So named because I think it feels like the music is in the process of taking off towards the sky. Study of Decay I — A very noisy, very grindy sort of track. Perfect for watching the world fall apart. Difficult Time — Not just an observation on the state of the world at the moment, but a notation that this track is in 7/8 time, and that makes it a bit… jittery. Study of Decay II — Starts off coherent, becomes less so as it goes along. Sometimes, that happens. The Stars Are Brightly Shining — An interpretation and interpolation of the traditional Christmas song “O Holy Night.” I like to think it ends the EP on a hopeful note. As an aside, I mentioned to Athena I was putting out a new EP of music, and she said “You know your music is kind of… out there.” And, well. Yes. Yes, I did know that. I hope it’s enjoyable to folks anyway. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Cory Doctorow Posted on February 21, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 8 Comments Even if you don’t know what the word “Bezzle” means — yet — you know what it is, because it’s almost a certainty that someone you know, and perhaps even you, have found yourself in that state at one time or another. Cory Doctorow is here now to explain to you what The Bezzle is, and why he found it such a compelling topic for his tale. CORY DOCTOROW: Bezzle, n: The magic interval when a confidence trickster knows he has the money he has appropriated but the victim does not yet understand that he has lost it.-John Kenneth Galbraith My Martin Hench novels chronicle the adventures of a two-fisted, hard-bitten forensic accountant who spent 40 years doing spreadsheet-to-spreadsheet combat with technology’s most inventive scammers. I introduced Hench with last year’s Red Team Blues, which is – paradoxically – Hench’s last adventure, told in the manner of the final volume of a beloved, long-running series. I thought it was a cute conceit and then my editor, Patrick Nielsen Hayden, loved it so much that he bought two more and I had a brainwave: what if I told the stories in reverse? Sure, the reader will always know that Hench survives, but that’s more-or-less true of every long-running series, right? No one really ever bought a new Conan novel thinking that Howard was gonna give the mighty-thewed Cimmerian the axe. There’s lots to love about this setup. Given that Marty’s career spans 40 years of Silicon Valley history, I can parachute him into any scam in tech history. He’s the Zelig of tech-finance fraud. Patrick bought three of these: Red Team Blues (Marty’s last adventure, a ripped-from-the-headlines cryptocurrency fraud novel that came out just as FTC was imploding) (though, honestly, I coulda published that one in any month between 2020 and 2024 and there would have been a ghastly crypto scandal to hook it to); Picks and Shovels (Marty’s first adventure, in the heroic era of the PC, set in an early 1980s San Francisco where AIDS is scourging the city, Jello Biafra is running for mayor, and every grifter has invented a new personal computer), and – published today – The Bezzle, The Bezzle tells the tale of an escalating series of scams spanning the golden age of the scam, starting with Yahoo!’s Web 2.0 buying spree that saw every great, useful tech company bought up with Saudi royal money (funneled through Yahoo! via Softbank) and then torn to shreds by Yahoo!’s warring, venal princelings that pioneered the enshittification playbook. From there, the book ascends a gradient of ever-more-destructive scams: the real-estate financial engineering that incubated the Great Financial Crisis; the pigs-at-the-trough bailouts that followed; and then, the rise and rise of prison-tech grifters, who filled America’s heavenly overcrowded prisons with cheap Chinese tablets that replaced libraries, continuing education, phone calls, video visits and commissary accounts, with vendors extracting huge sums from prisoners and their families (this scam continues to this day). I’ve studied scams and scammers for a long time, and despite that, I’ve fallen prey to scams. Repeatedly. This has given me many opportunities to consider the stories that scammers and their marks tell themselves about why scams work. For the scammer, the principal narrative is the self-serving notion that “you can’t cheat an honest man.” Many of the classic cons involve tricking the mark into thinking that they are committing some kind of scam, and the con-artist smugly pockets their winnings, telling themselves that if the mark had only been honest, they’d have kept their dough. But not every con involves tricking the mark into thinking that they’re getting one over. The most successful and durable cons rely on the mark simply not wanting to know that they’ve been conned. This is where Galbraith’s “bezzle” comes in – that “magic interval when a confidence trickster knows he has the money he has appropriated but the victim does not yet understand that he has lost it.” As Galbraith pointed out, the bezzle is an enchanted moment where everyone feels better off: the mark thinks they’re richer, and the con artist knows they are. This was the case during the 2008 housing crisis, when bankers, insurers, and borrowers colluded with regulators and analysts to prolong the bezzle for as long as they could. So long as no one looked too closely at those collateralized debt obligations and other exotic financial instruments, everyone could pretend that the whole world was richer and the line would go up forever. Same goes for STONKS, cryptos, NFTs and every other vibe-based asset class of end-stage capitalism. So long as no one looks too hard at these pigs-in-pokes, the bezzle can continue and with it, the good feelings it brings. But the longer the bezzle goes on, the more scam-debt the victim accumulates. Prolonging the bezzle is like going from the bar to a series of speakeasies to avoid your hangover. You’ll have to take ever-more-heroic measures to stave off the inevitable, and the payback, when it arrives, will be a million times worse. The bezzle is how the con artist enlists the victim to prolong the con, participate in their own victimization and deepen the wound. It’s damned hard to convince people that they’re being scammed, but not because “you can’t con an honest man.” It’s because we all flinch away from pain and try to keep the party going for as long as we can. It’s because it’s easy to understand how you’re winning, and understanding how you’ll lose is both a lot of dull detail, and a serious downer. The anti-scam forces have invented many tactics to make it easier to shut the bezzle down. David Maurer, a linguist, turned his glossary of con-artist slang into a gripping anthropological study of con artists (it was adapted for film under the title The Sting). When Adam McKay adapted The Big Short, he had Margot Robbie deliver all the most technical explanations while partially submerged in a bubble-bath. And of course, John Oliver and the Last Week Tonight crew use stunts and comedy monologues to transform even the most tedious scams into rage inducing, laugh-aloud TV gold. This work is unbezzling. Transforming a scam’s mechanics into entertainment is a way of fashioning a long, sharp pin that can prick the magic bubble of denial that turns a moment’s lapse in judgment into a life-destroying victimization. This is what makes the Hench books so satisfying to write (and, I hope, to read). Just as my Little Brother books turned the bone-dry business of understanding surveillance and information security into tight technothrillers that inspired a generation of technologists to pursue security and privacy, the Hench books are designed to be a highly entertaining vaccination that inoculates the reader against the raging pandemic of scams that passes for our economy. The Bezzle: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Bookshop|Powell’s Author Socials: Website|Twitter |Blog Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The Big Idea: Jennifer Estep Posted on February 20, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 3 Comments We all know about protagonists, the characters who drive the story, and the secondary characters, the ones who do… other things while the protagonists drive the story. What happens when one of those other characters want to take a turn at the wheel? Author Jennifer Estep knows, and in this Big Idea for Only Hard Problems, is here to give you the low down. JENNIFER ESTEP: If there is one universal truth I’ve discovered as an author, it’s this: Secondary characters are awesome. C’mon. Admit it. Some of your favorite book, movie, and TV characters aren’t the main characters of the story—it’s the secondary characters you can’t stop reading about and watching. As an author, I love to write about secondary characters, and I often have more fun with their stories than I do with the regular books in a series. In my mind, all my secondary characters have their own adventures, hobbies, goals, pet peeves, and more. I just don’t always get the chance to show those things on the page. But sometimes, a secondary character will plant themselves in front of me, shake their fist, stomp their foot, and demand their own story. That’s what happened with Zane Zimmer in Only Hard Problems, book #3 in my Galactic Bonds science-fiction fantasy series. Zane Zimmer is a powerful psion with telekinesis, telepathy, telempathy, and other abilities. He’s also a wealthy Regal lord and an elite warrior known as an Arrow. Zane is delightfully snarky, supremely confident, and exceedingly ruthless, and he usually gets all the best/funniest lines. Here’s one of my favorite Zane lines from Only Hard Problems: “That sounds rather sketchy, even for space magic.” So far in my Galactic Bonds series, Zane Zimmer has been an antagonist to Vesper Quill and Kyrion Caldaren, the two main point-of-view characters. Zane has insulted Vesper and Kyrion, chased them down, thwarted their escape attempts, turned them over to the big bad villains, and more. Zane hasn’t been a hero or even a remotely good person, but he’s been interesting­—so interesting that I decided to write a short book from Zane’s point of view and delve even deeper into his character. Why does Zane want to be the leader of the Arrows? Why is family so important to him? How will he react to a major secret that was revealed in a previous book? I tackled all those questions and more in Only Hard Problems. And here’s a question I had to answer for myself: Why do I like reading and writing about secondary characters so much? To me, it’s all about the distance and the mystery. A secondary character like Zane Zimmer can strut onto the page and do all sorts of dastardly things, and the reader is never quite sure of the character’s motives and goals, unless the character announces their intentions in the dialogue (or something similar). A secondary character can just be a little bit extra—extra funny, extra dangerous, extra villainous, extra cool—without the character being over the top (unless that’s what you are going for as an author). But writing about a secondary character is also a risk. What if readers don’t like learning more about a particular character? What if readers only want to read about the main point-of-view characters? I’ve had those worries with Only Hard Problems, along with other books/novellas I’ve written from a secondary character’s point of view, but I’m going to keep writing those kinds of stories. Why? Because to me, secondary character stories are like bonus material that give the reader a different look at and another glimpse into a beloved book world/series. Extra is always better, at least when it comes to secondary characters. I hope everyone enjoys Zane Zimmer’s story. Happy reading! Only Hard Problems: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Google Play|Kobo Author Socials: Web site|Facebook|Twitter Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... New Music: Creep Posted on February 19, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 6 Comments Yes, it’s the Radiohead song. I fiddled with it some over the weekend. I was trying to make it more clanky. I think I may have gone a little too far over into the noisy end of things. Too many bouncing parts is a hazard when you have a lot of reverb at your command. But! I mostly nailed the falsetto bit. So I have that going for me, which is nice. If you’re curious to hear how I wrecked this one, here you go. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... Probably Because There is Snow All Over the Ground, This Song Has Been Earworming Me Posted on February 18, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 8 Comments Now here it is for you. It’s a fabulous song. I wouldn’t mind if the Sundays came back with some more new music sometime. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... New Books and ARCs, 2/16/24 Posted on February 16, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 13 Comments Smack dab in the middle of the month, a set of new books and ARCs that have arrived at the Scalzi Compound. What here looks good to take with you into the weekend? Share in the comments! — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... The 2023 Hugo Fraud and Where We Go From Here Posted on February 15, 2024 Posted by John Scalzi 218 Comments There’s an investigative report out on the administration of the 2023 Hugo Awards, by Chris Barkley and Jason Sanford, and make no mistake about it, it is grim. The short version is that eligible people and works were kept off the Hugo ballot, not because the Chinese government or the Chinese principals of the Chengdu Worldcon overtly demanded it, but because American and Canadian Hugo administrators made the censorship decisions themselves, often on grounds that were (to put it politely) misinformed. People and works who should have been finalists were denied their rightful place on the ballot. A fraud was perpetrated by the Hugo administrators: on the Hugo Award voters, on the Chengdu Worldcon membership, and on the science fiction and fantasy community at large. And as a final kick in the teeth, that fraud? Really fucking badly done. It’s a farce, as well as a fraud. I would like to believe that this is a one-off failure of administration brought on by the circumstances of this year’s Worldcon location, but inasmuch as Dave McCarty, the principal mover of this fraud (and, for the record, someone who I’d considered a friend for more than a decade) was involved in Hugo administration for several other Worldcons, we at least have to check in again on those results. The good news here is that prior to the 2023 Worldcon, the data and stats for the nominations and voting on the awards were made immediately available after the award ceremony, and any discrepancies would have been found and hopefully addressed. We have the power of community examination and vetting for all of those results, and for correcting any problems while that year’s Worldcon was still in operation. We didn’t have that in 2023. The data and stats were released as late as possible, far after the closure of the Chengdu Worldcon, which meant, due to the highly idiosyncratic nature of the Worldcon structure, there would have been no substantial way to address these discrepancies after the fact. It’s pretty clear to me now that this strategy of delay was intentional, not to address any difficulty in compiling the data, but to evade responsibility for censorship and for perpetrating a fraud. And that, also, is an act of fraud. Who was responsible for releasing the Hugo voting and nomination stats and data? Again: Dave McCarty. It’s not only on Dave McCarty, to be clear. Everyone involved in the removal of legitimate finalists from their place on the ballot is implicated, and, at the very least, they should have nothing to do with the administration of the Hugo Awards moving forward. Their actions regarding this year’s Hugo Award administration are appalling, embarrassing and shameful. They abdicated their duty as administrators. So they should not be administrators ever again. There should be apologies: To the people who were wrongfully removed from the ballot, and to the people who were winners and finalists in 2023. The former did not have their deserved and rightful opportunity to be finalists and to compete for the Hugo award; the latter effectively now have asterisks on their achievements. None of them bear any blame for this, of course, and none of their works were not deserving of a spotlight or an eventual award. They are all injured parties to a greater or lesser extent. But we all know what we know now. It’s difficult to feel good about winning, or being a finalist, in a year when you now know a fix was in. Hugo voters should be apologized to as well; they were obliged to vote on a compromised ballot. That said: Who will give the apologies? The Chengdu Worldcon no longer functionally exists; the Glasgow Worldcon is a legally separate entity that bears no responsibility for the actions undertaken by the 2023 Hugo administrators. Dave McCarty has apologized for being a jerk for those who questioned his administration of the awards but not, importantly, for how he administered the awards themselves. By his words and actions, he apparently believes that he did nothing wrong here. It’s doubtful any apology is coming out of that quarter. Others involved have apologized, which is good. But again, at this point in time, it’s too late to do much about the 2023 Hugo Awards. They’re in the books. The 2023 Hugo Awards were fraudulent. Now it’s the responsibility of World Science Fiction Society, who owns the trademarks on the Hugos and Worldcon, and all future Worldcons, starting with Glasgow this year and Seattle in 2025, to make sure that this fraud never happens again. WSFS in particular needs to grow the hell up and get some teeth, and become an organization with the actual ability to enforce a standard of accountability with regard to how their trademarks are used and administered on a yearly basis. Part of that must be a contractual agreement on the part of any potential Worldcon for transparency and openness when it comes to the Hugo Award nominations and voting — and a guarantee that any discrepancies, accidental or intentional, are addressed before the close of the Worldcon, if the current relationship between WSFS and the annual Worldcon continues, or by some other mechanism, if changes are made. Given the actions of the 2023 Hugo administrators, there should also be a ban on the administrators censoring work for political reasons. If the government of wherever the Worldcon is that year demands censorship of the Hugo finalists, then make that government fucking do it. (And then resign in protest.) The administrators should not be willing accomplices in the act of censorship. It goes against everything the Hugos, and any serious literary award, should be about. To the credit of the 2024 Worldcon in Glasgow, it has already committed to openness with regard to this year’s Hugo nomination process, and will share, when the finalist slate is announced, the information about what works might have been deemed ineligible and why (Update: It has also accepted the resignation of Kat Jones as Hugo administrator). I can’t imagine that the 2025 Worldcon in Seattle will do any different. These are good steps and the right steps to take, but they cannot be the only steps. Real and substantive structural change has to happen. This report shows why: Because if it is not made, then any other future Hugo administrators can do what these administrators here have done. We make rules in the aftermath of violation. To not do so invites future violation. I’ll end on a personal note here. I made my first Hugo finalist list in 2006. It had a huge impact in my visibility in the science fiction and fantasy world and on the course of my career. The first time I won a Hugo Award, in 2008, I was delighted, but more importantly I felt the community of science fiction fans sharing my joy at holding that trophy. In 2012, I was the emcee for the Hugo Awards, and as gratifying as it is to win one, it is equally gratifying to give them away to writers and artists and editors and fans. My Hugos mean something to me. They mean something to lives and careers of the people who win them. The Hugos mean something to the community. People are always in a rush to declare the Hugos “over” or irrelevant, especially when people go out of their way to damage them or their reputation. We’ve seen it before in just the last decade, when bad actors tried to destroy the value of the award from the outside, out of petulance and spite; we’re seeing it now, when bad actors have diminished the value of the award from the inside, out of arrogance and incompetence. What keeps the Hugos relevant is the choice of people who love and value science fiction and fantasy to make it so. And that means making sure the Hugos are robust and resilient, and up to the times. Not just in who and what gets nominated and becomes a finalist, but in how they are administered, and how they move through the culture of science fiction and the world. We’ve hit a very bad moment with the Hugos. What happens next decides whether this is a one-time event, or something that continues to diminish the Hugos as we move forward. I’m optimistic; this community has risen to the challenge before and met it. I think it’ll do so again. Not only because it has to — because it fucking well has to — but because it wants to. And when it does, the Hugo Awards will be better for it, and so will the community and genres it celebrates. — JS Share:Click to share on Mastodon (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... 1 2 3 … 683 » WHATEVER Taunting the tauntable since 1998 John Scalzi, proprietor – JS Athena Scalzi, editor – AMS About the site Get Your Vote On If you are a United States citizen 18 years or older, 2024 will be an incredibly consequential election year. It's important for you to register to vote, and then vote, whenever you have the opportunity this year. Vote.org can help you register to vote, check if your registration is still current, and give you other tools you need to vote and get your voice heard.Don't wait! Register now! Whatever Days March 2024 S M T W T F S 12 3456789 10111213141516 17181920212223 24252627282930 31 « Feb Whatarchives Whatarchives Select Month March 2024 February 2024 January 2024 December 2023 November 2023 October 2023 September 2023 August 2023 July 2023 June 2023 May 2023 April 2023 March 2023 February 2023 January 2023 December 2022 November 2022 October 2022 September 2022 August 2022 July 2022 June 2022 May 2022 April 2022 March 2022 February 2022 January 2022 December 2021 November 2021 October 2021 September 2021 August 2021 July 2021 June 2021 May 2021 April 2021 March 2021 February 2021 January 2021 December 2020 November 2020 October 2020 September 2020 August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 May 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 February 2019 January 2019 December 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 June 2002 April 2002 March 2002 SearchSearchThe Big Idea What's the Big Idea? Authors explaining the the big ideas behind their latest works, in their own words. See the latest Big Ideas! Authors/Editors/Publicists: for information on how to participate, click here. Translate WhateverAdministrivia About A Brief Biography of John Scalzi Availability for Interviews, Appearances, Writing Work and Optioning Existing Work Books and Other Projects by John Scalzi Contact Information Guidelines for Publicity, Blurbing, Unpublished Work, Story Ideas, Retweets, Guest Blogging, Charitable Solicitations, Autographing, Educational Use and School Assignments Scheduled Appearances Site Disclaimer, Comment and Privacy Policy The Canonical Bacon Page The Scalzi Creative Sampler Scalzi Enterprises · The Scalzi Family Foundation Whatever Everyone Else is Saying Wiredwizard on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Hmmm on The Big Idea: Gideon Marcus Louis Sivo on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Richard on The Big Idea: Gideon Marcus Granny Roberta on New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Louise on New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Joanthan Sisson on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter ArbysMom on New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Steve Nicholson on New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Michele Gressel on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter 26th Avenue Poet on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Colonel Snuggledorf on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Mitch Wagner on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Shrinking Violet on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Hope on Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter Whatever Just Happened The Big Idea: Gideon Marcus New Music: “Ten Minutes of Your Life” Spice the Cat Appears to Have Very Certain Opinions About the Most Recent Chapter I Wrote Almost 3,000 Words Today and My Brain is a Little Spongy, Here’s a New Song From Paramore The Big Idea: Annye Driscoll It’s the Most Shamrocky Time of the Year The Big Idea: Eliza Chan You Could Be Using “AI” RIGHT NOW The Big Idea: Zilka Joseph Bird Patrol Is On the Scene! The Name of My Next BandUnisex ToiletCocaine BudgetThe Ignimbrite Flare-UpSlothocadoThe Dickens BeardRoasted Maple SupremacySmothercowardAcceptable DecksBilly Barty&rsquo;s Roller FantasyThe Doomed Cleveland Balloonfest of 1986Random Whatever Click this link -- and you'll be taken to a random Whatever entry in the archive. Which one will you get? Got me! Subscribe to Whatever Email Address Subscribe Powered by WordPress.com. Theme: Profile by Organic Themes. Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website %d