Vegetarian Times | Vegan and Vegetarian Recipes, News, and Lifestyle Outside Watch Learn Podcasts Maps Events Shop BuySell Outside+ Join Now Sign In Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Outside Watch Premium Films and Live TV Campfire Outside Learn Expand your Skills with Online Courses Podcasts The Outside Podcast Maps Get the Free Gaia GPS App Get the Free Trailforks App Events Find Your Event BuySell Buy & Sell Gear Outside+ See Membership Programs Shop Discover Outdoor Products Advocacy Find Your Good Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Brands Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside.io Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Pinkbike Roll Massif Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News Cairn FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Books VeloSwap Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Roll Massif Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Shop VeloPress VeloSwap 2-FOR-1 GA TICKETS WITH OUTSIDE+ Don’t miss Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more at the Outside Festival. GET TICKETS NOW TICKETS NOW ON SALE! Outside Festival feat. Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more. GET EARLY-BIRD DEALS Search Home Recipes Vegan Vegetarian Gluten-Free Cuisines Meal Low-Calorie Low-Fat Holidays Dairy-Free Sustainability Life + Garden Travel & Restaurants Videos Gardening Life Style & Home Wellness Fitness Gut Health Immunity Mental Health Nutritionist Advice Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements Weight Loss Restaurants News Plant-Based 101 Travel Vegetarian Times Outside Feed Recipes Sustainability Life + Garden Wellness Restaurants News Plant-Based 101 Travel Vegetarian Times Outside Feed Recipes Sustainability Life + Garden Wellness Restaurants News Plant-Based 101 Travel Join Now Sign In Should You Be Eating More Seeds? Nutrient-dense and packed full of potent vitamins and minerals, seeds have a lot to offer when it comes to your health. Heather Adams Nutrition Face-Off: Raw vs. Cooked Spinach Vegetarian Times Editors How to Make Your Own Seitan Vegetarian Times Editors 4 Plant Foods You Should Cook Before Eating Vegetarian Times Editors The Best Frozen Foods to Keep Stocked In Your Freezer Maureen Farrar TOP STORIES These 25 Vegetarian Casseroles Are the Ultimate in Comfort Food Is Honey Vegan or Not? For Some, It’s a Sticky Question TOP STORIES I’m a New Mom. Here Are Three Reasons to Raise Plant-Based Kids You May Not Have Considered. Vegetarian and Vegan Gluten-Free Recipes for Every Meal Latest See All RECIPES My Mum’s Samosa Recipe Is Still My Favorite Now you can make flaky, flavorful vegetarian samosas just how she taught me Editors’ Picks Start Your Day with These Vegan Blueberry Muffins How to Make Your Own Seitan View More RESTAURANTS Besharam Chef Heena Patel on Cooking for Yourself, Changing Kitchen Culture, and Being Shameless About Living Your Values “I want to have fear-free culture in my kitchen,” she says of her staff, many of whom are, like her, first-generation immigrants. “I want to give them the support that I didn’t receive.” Editors’ Picks The Dairy-Free Mozzarella That’s Powering New York’s Vegan Pizza Renaissance Barrio Bread Is Helping to Revive Arizona’s Nearly-Forgotten ‘Grain Chain’ View More DRINKS The Best Alcohol Free Spirits for Zero ABV Drinking What to sip when you're skipping the booze Editors’ Picks Take a Moment to Reconsider the Peach Bellini A Mezcal Expert Tells Us How to Shop for Sustainable, Artisan Bottles View More TRAVEL Excavating the ‘Hidden History’ of Ancient Greek Vegetarian Cuisine on Santorini Ancient Greek philosophers from Pythagoras to Zeno encouraged vegetarian diets. Now a historian and a chef have teamed up to recreate Classical plant-based dishes for modern diners. Editors’ Picks Calistoga’s First Wellness Resort, Dr. Wilkinson’s, Gets a Makeover for Modern Self-Care-Seekers Willkommen to Germany’s First Fully-Vegetarian Alpine Cabin Restaurant View More WELLNESS Is It Possible to Fully Embrace Yoga Without Going Vegan? "Animal rights and veganism fall under the ahimsa tenet," says yoga instructor and author Sharon Gannon Editors’ Picks Support Your Immune System with These Seven Superfoods Get Some Life Back with a Cup of Rosehip, Chamomile, and Ginger Tea View More GARDEN These Easy-To-Grow Fruits and Vegetables Can Turn Newbie Gardners Into Instant Urban Farmers You'll be wearing overalls and a straw hat in no time (a cute look, tbh) Editors’ Picks Edible Gardening 101: Harvesting Coriander Seeds How to Start Composting – And Why You Really Should View More Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Your Guide to a Plant-Based Lifestyle Your Step-By-Step Guide to Going Plant-Based The road to plant-based success begins with learning how to create a well-rounded meal plan — we’ve got your first week mapped out so you can dive in with confidence Jill Schildhouse Published Feb 29, 2024 It’s easy to say you’re going vegetarian or vegan, but taking action is a bit less straightforward for most people transitioning to this lifestyle. For instance, do you know how to create a well-rounded, plant-based meal? How will you ensure you won’t miss out on important nutrients now that you’re eliminating animal products from your diet? And how will you avoid getting stuck in a rut of eating the same foods over and over again? “I see people who are not prepared, so they don’t eat balanced diets, end up feeling unwell, and then just give up,” says plant-powered dietitian Sharon Palmer, MSFS, RDN. “You must be prepared and learn how to eat a balanced diet, so you feel vibrant and satisfied.” The following planning tips will help you avoid the 10 common mistakes that could make your shift to a plant-based diet harder while ensuring all your nutritional bases are covered: Set a time period goal. There’s no reason to commit to a change that will last your entire life right away, so start small with your timeframes. “For instance, you can try going plant-based for three weeks and see how you feel,” says celebrity chef, nutritionist and reiki master Serena Poon, CN, CHC, CHN. “Keep a food diary to remind yourself of how things are changing. Likely you’ll notice a shift in energy and mood in as few as three days. If you are shooting for an achievable goal and tracking your results, you will be more likely to stick with it.” Meal plan and prep. Outlining your meals for the week can help set you up for success, especially at first. Meal prepping is even better. “If you are hungry and don’t have your plant-based options ready for you, you may reach for some of your prior habitual foods,” warns Poon. “Meal planning allows you to eat nourishing meals without having to think about it too much during a busy week.” Stock your pantry and fridge. Another important aspect to staying on track is keeping the right foods on-hand. “You must stock your pantry well with the essentials so you can create healthy meals at all times,” says Palmer. “Many of the essentials are shelf-stable and budget-friendly, such as whole grains, nuts, seeds, and beans. Then add fresh vegetables and fruits, tofu, and plant milks to round it out. Don’t count calories. Let’s not make things harder than they need to be. “You want to prep your mind for the abundance of nutrients and nourishment coming from your new diet,” says Poon. “You’re not trying to restrict things further.” Keep a cheat sheet of plant-based protein options. Print out a sheet of plant-based protein options and keep them in your kitchen. This way you won’t have to guess at whether or not you’re feeding yourself ample nutrients. Identify your go-to options. It can be helpful to have a handful of plant-based recipes that you know you love. Poon suggests comfort foods like a grain bowl with green goddess dressing, avocado toast, or the burrito bowl at your favorite lunch spot. That way you don’t always have to stress about creating something new. Go slowly. You might not be able to wrap your head around going fully plant-based all at once and that’s okay. “Maybe start with going plant-based for three days a week and expanding from there,” says Poon. “You’ll likely begin to feel so good when you eat plants that you don’t want to go back to your old ways of eating.” Be patient with yourself. Set goals and strive to achieve them, but if you slip and eat one of your old foods, try not to get mad at yourself or feel guilty. Pick up your plant-based habits at your next meal and keep moving forward. Lean on prepared foods if needed. It’s OK if you need to lean on “easy” plant-based foods — such as processed meat alternatives or packaged snacks — early in your journey. Just don’t let yourself become overly reliant on them for the long-term. “People often eat a lot of junk vegan food, but that means you are replacing the nutrients you need with low-nutrient foods, so you aren’t gaining the benefits of eating plant-based,” cautions Palmer. “The diet isn’t just about avoiding meat, it’s about eating healthy, whole plant foods.” Don’t just eat veggies for your meals. A meal comprised solely of veggies will leave your nutrition falling short. “Each plate of food should balance all food groups,” says Palmer, “including proteins, veggies, fruits, grains, and healthy fats.” Find your tribe. Community is everything, especially when you’re making lifestyle changes. Find a community of other plant-based eaters who you can turn to for inspiration, support, questions and recipes. Listen to how you feel. “No matter what you are doing, listen to your body as you go,” says Poon. “If a food doesn’t sit well with you, that’s okay. Find foods that make you feel joyful and alive.” Learning Plant-Based Macronutrients Now, in order to make a balanced plate of food, it’s important to understand how the macronutrients should break down. Poon suggests the following guidelines: Continue Reading Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, thousands of training plans, and more. Learn More Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Careers Terms of Use Site Map Manage Cookie Preferences Privacy Request Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside TV SKI Warren Miller Endurance Beta MTB Fastest Known Time Pinkbike Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Nastar Outside Events Cycling Series Outside Shop © 2024 Outside Interactive, Inc