Spanish Tourism | Tourist information on Spain | spain.info Spain's official tourism website Search Where to go Discover our destinations Madrid Barcelona Valencia Seville Zaragoza Malaga Bilbao Santiago de Compostela Salamanca Santander Cáceres Canary Islands Balearic Islands See all the destinations Search destinations See all the destinations What to do Activities to suit all tastes Art and culture Coasts and beaches Urban tourism Nature Food and wine Sport and adventure Shopping Routes Plan your trip Book your trip to Spain. About Spain Practical information How to get to Spain Getting around Spain Book your experiences Route planner Download brochures The weather About Spain Data and interesting facts about the country, its culture, nature, gastronomy and population. Practical information Prepare for your trip in advance with our useful information on entrance requirements, money, safety, healthcare, opening times, etc. How to get to Spain Find information on our airports and cruise ports and discover what the flight times are from different points across the world. Getting around Spain We provide you with useful information on the connections between Spain’s major cities. Book your experiences Choose from thousands of activities thought out for you. You just have to pick a theme and a place where you want to enjoy it. Route planner Create your own plan for your trip to Spain with a route to suit your requirements. Download brochures With our digital brochures and guides, you will be able to discover the best of our cuisine, culture and fiestas. The weather Check the average temperatures and the hours of sunshine in different areas and the clothing you should wear according to the season. Agenda English Español Deutsch Français Italiano Português русский Polski 日本語 GCC (English) مجلس التعاون الخليجي (عربي) 中国 Interactive map My ideal trip My favourites Newsletter Tax free España none none none none none none Calendar Spring time is coming! Spain is filled with plans for you Calendar Have you ever experienced the power of Easter Week? Nature Did you know that the blossoming season begins in February? Routes A sample of Spain's most iconic road trips Nature Cliffs with unique and dazzling views at your feet Nature Spas in Spain with original treatments: come and take care of yourself Discover our destinations MADRID The capital city with a thousand options 12º 3º BILBAO One of Spain’s most avant-garde cities 15º 3º ZARAGOZA A great city with lots to discover 15º 4º BARCELONA A cosmopolitan vibe 18º 9º VALENCIA The essence of the Mediterranean 20º 9º MALAGA The capital of the Costa del Sol is reinventing itself 20º 12º SEVILLE An inspiring destination 20º 6º SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA The final destination of St. James’ Way 14º 2º SALAMANCA The Golden city of a thousand legends 12º 1º SANTANDER Ideal for a getaway 14º 6º CÁCERES A picturesque medieval setting 14º 3º CANARY ISLANDS European sunshine capital BALEARIC ISLANDS Idyllic coves, beautiful sunsets... (search other destinations) GO TO THE INTERACTIVE MAP BARCELONA BARCELONA MADRID MADRID SEVILLA SEVILLA BILBAO BILBAO MÁLAGA MÁLAGA ZARAGOZA ZARAGOZA SALAMANCA SALAMANCA SANTANDER SANTANDER CÁCERES CÁCERES VALENCIA VALENCIA BALEARIC ISLANDS BALEARIC ISLANDS SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA CANARY ISLANDS CANARY ISLANDS WHERE TO GO Discover our destinations Madrid Bilbao Zaragoza Barcelona Valencia Malaga Seville Santiago de Compostela Salamanca Santander Cáceres Canary Islands Balearic Islands Search destinations See all the destinations THINGS TO DO Not to be missed Choose the travel plan you like the most to make your stay in Spain unforgettable Routes The perfect destinations in Spain for visiting with a motorhome Urban tourism If you are travelling with kids and want to explore urban spaces, these are the places for you Nature Discover the best time of year to visit Jerte Valley and its natural white colours Nature Relax your mind by contemplating spectacular waterfalls Go on some of the most incredible hiking routes in the country GET INSPIRED Other ideas for your trip Do you want some more suggestions for your holidays? Walks that make you fall in love with the historic gardens of Spain Read more Routes 11 incredible trips for train lovers Nature Original outdoor activities Culture Las Fallas: a journey through the most typical traditions of Valencia Are you sure you want to delete this route? Cancel Delete Route planner Create your own plan for your trip to Spain with a route to suit your requirements Origin My location Destination Date When are you travelling? now March 2024 April 2024 May 2024 June 2024 July 2024 August 2024 September 2024 October 2024 November 2024 December 2024 January 2025 See my routes 0 See my routes AGENDA Enjoy the best events Exhibitions, festivals, festivities... Don't miss a thing! 02 Dec 02 December 2023 - 14 April 2024 Exhibition: The Maeght Universe Hernani 14 Apr 14 April 2024 - 20 April 2024 April Fair Seville Fiesta 22 Apr 22 April 2024 - 25 April 2024 Moors and Christians Festival, Alcoy-Alcoi Alcoy Fiesta 28 Apr 28 April 2024 Battle of the flowers Córdoba Fiesta 20 Apr 20 April 2024 - 28 April 2024 Tennis: Conde de Godó Trophy Barcelona Sport 28 Apr 28 April 2024 - 29 April 2024 Rock 'n' Roll Madrid Marathon Madrid Sport 22 Mar 22 March 2024 - 31 March 2024 Easter in Valladolid Valladolid Fiesta Plan your trip All the useful information you need Trip advice to get the most out of your holidays The weather in Spain (search other destinations) Today in:Cuenca Max. 11º Min -1º Wed 15º -2º Thu 16º 3º Fri 8º 2º Sat 9º 2º Sun 9º 2º More information on the weather in Spain > How to get there Brochures How to get around Practical information Book your experience Thousands of activities thought out for you SEARCH Social networks #visitSpain Share the best of Spain on our networks NEWSLETTER The best ideas for travelling around Spain Subscribe to receive monthly information with unique travel plans REGISTER Accessible mode Spain All rights reserved Contact About us Site map Legal notice Use of the information Cookie Policy Accessibility Take part in a small questionnaire to improve website experience. Will you help us? START You are not online. A connection is required for updated content. You have downloaded the content We recommend downloading the content offline from the Spain.info Web App Download It is not possible to save for offline use.