Travel to Barbados – An Island With Endless Possibilities skip to Main Content Search Submit Today82 F28 C Wed79 F26 C Thu79 F26 C Fri79 F26 C Sat79 F26 C more weather info. Add to Favourites Register / LoginMy Favourites MenuThe Island About Barbados 7 Wonders Climate / Weather Culture Currency Fun Facts History Parishes People Travel Tips Documents Needed Dress Driving Duty Free Allowances Immigration Safety Tips Barbados Weddings Getting Here Airport Services Destination Services Cruising Flying Travel Agents Vacation Packages Guides & Services Tour Guides Health & Wellness Media Guides Barbados By Drone Barbados By Map Mobile Apps Stay Where To Stay Hotels & Resorts Guest Houses Self Catering Apts & Hotels Adults Only All Inclusives Airport Accommodation Camping Staycations Private Rentals Luxury Villas Vacation Rentals Timeshare Long Term Rentals Deals & Packages Specials & Deals Vacation Packages Themed Accommodation Match Your Mood & Style See & Do Where To Visit Attractions Beaches Great Things To Do Historic Sites Natural Attractions Rum Tours Scenic Spots Swim With Turtles Take A Tour What To Do Nightlife Festivals Crop Over Calendar Childrens Activities Dining Out Rent A Car Getting Married In Barbados Play & Relax Land Sports Water Sports Catamaran Cruises Diving Fishing Golf Hiking Horse Racing Spa Day Island Guides Barbados By Map Barbados By Drone Shopping Guide Wedding Guide Books & Magazines Brochures Island News Events Festivals Crop Over Festival Celtic Festival Food & Rum Festival Gospelfest Holetown Festival Oistins Fish Festival Open Gardens Open Houses Reggae Festival Season of Emancipation Types of Events Art & Culture Food & Drink On The Water Extreme Nature & Wildlife Top Picks Dinner Show Rum Tasting Submarine Tour Bike Tours Walking Tours Turtle Snorkel Kayaking Living Moving Here Relocating to Barbados Education & Schools Pets Immigration Regulations Long Term Residence Permanent Residence Students Where To Live Homes For Rent Land For Sale Real Estate Agents Property Management Real Estate Guide Buying Guide Property Valuations Doing Business Business Environment Business Services Conference Facilities International Business Int'l Business Managers Investment Opportunities Tax Treaties Travel Tips Go For The... Adventure Beaches Family Festivals Food History & Culture Nature Nightlife Respite Romance Shopping Sights Sports Essentials Documents You Need Book A Flight Find A Place To Stay On Arrival At Airport What To Do Don't Miss! On Departure Your Next Trip! Insider Tips Best Areas To Stay Beach Guide Beyond The Beach Cook Like A Local Health & Wellness Fast Track Arrivals Meet Our Artisans World Heritage Site Deals Stay Hotels & Resorts Self Catering Apts & Hotels Guest Houses Villas & Vacation Rentals Long Term Rentals Real Estate Play Activities & Attractions Car Rentals Dining & Entertainment Shopping Tours & Sightseeing Weddings & Romance Flights Airfare Watchdog Google Flights CLOSE Discover our Beaches Scroll for more Go! Enjoy the Festivities Scroll for more Go! Explore the top Attractions Scroll for more Go! Experience the Fine Cuisine Scroll for more Go! Discover Travel Info Places to Stay Things To Do Explore by Map DealsChoose Your Barbados ExperienceExperience Barbados BEACHES FESTIVALS FOOD & DRINK HISTORY & CULTURE NATURE FAMILY ROMANCE NIGHTLIFE See More Experiences… Explore Full Map Barbados Map Oistins Harrison Cave Bridgetown Mount Gay Rum Explore Full Map Top Things To Do Harrison's Cave A unique phenomenon of nature, Harrison's Cave is an amazing gallery of stalactites hanging from the roof of the cave, and stalagmites that emerge from the ground, with streams of crystal-clear running water that drop from breathtaking waterfalls to form deep emerald... See More St Nicholas Abbey St. Nicholas Abbey is not without its tale of tragedy! The house appears to have been built by Colonel Benjamin Berringer. His neighbour, friend and business partner was John Yeamans. When Yeamans began to pay attention to Mrs. Berringer, a feud erupted ... See More Cherry Tree Hill It is believed that the name "Cherry Tree Hill" originated from the large number of cherry trees which once existed at this location. Today the road is lined with mahogany trees, which were introduced into Barbados after the Treaty of Paris. As you descend the hill the mahogany trees give way to swaying sugar cane.... See More Oistins Oistins is one of the hottest attractions in Barbados! Each Friday and Saturday night hundreds of locals and visitors flock to Oistins for the Fish-Fry, an opportunity to enjoy the very best local food - fried and grilled fish, fish cakes, sweet potato, macaroni pie and so much more.... See More Animal Flower Cave The Animal Flower Cave is located at the most northerly point of Barbados in the parish of St.Lucy. The name "Animal Flower Cave" comes from the sea anemones found in the pools of the cave. Some of these pools are deep enough for you to swim in.... See More Mount Gay Experience The home of the world's oldest rum brand. Experience this historic brew at the Mount Gay Rum Distilleries. This rum is crafted from locally grown sugar cane still abundantly found throughout the island though ... See More See More Amazing Activities… Popular SearchesWhat are the must-do activities and places to see?Go Barbados on a budgetIsland weddings & romanceWhat are the 7 wonders of Barbados?What's the best time to visit Barbados?Is it safe to travel to Barbados?I want to live in Barbados. Where do I start...?Top places to dine and foods / drinks to tryWhere are the best places to stay?Where are the best beaches?What are the must-do activities and places to see? Great Things To DoTake A TourTop AttractionsHistoric Sites There’s so much to see and to do in Barbados! From swimming with friendly sea-turtles to exploring the breath-taking beauty of underground caves and other natural attractions or scenic spots, to lounging on some of the Caribbean’s best beaches, there is something for everyone. Experience the exciting nightlife, go diving in the turquoise waters, take a rum tour or even a fishing trip! Go Barbados on a budget Vacation SpecialsTravel DealsHoliday Packages A Barbados holiday need not be an expensive one! There are several ways to have a wonderful vacation and stay within your budget. Discover great deals on accommodation, car rentals, tours and activities, book your stay direct and save, find free entertainment events like Oistins Fish Fry, consider an all-inclusive vacation, self-catering accommodation or affordable vacation rentals and be sure to check out more amazing tips to save! Island weddings & romance RomanceGet MarriedHoneymoonRomantic Locations Barbados is the perfect location if you are looking for a romantic escape! Get married on the water, in a church, or tropical gardens. There are several options when it comes to finding that special wedding location and some great wedding planners to help you make it magical. How about a getaway with the one you love for an island romance? Be sure to check out these great deals on island weddings and romance! What are the 7 wonders of Barbados? Morgan lewis Mill from Ricky Chase on Vimeo. 7 Wonders18th Century Sugar MillJewish Synagogue Discover the seven wonders of Barbados and the fascinating history of this small Caribbean island. See exactly what makes Barbados special and so unique! Explore a simply awesome cave, find out the origins of the Grapefruit Tree, uncover a rare cannon collection, visit a historic Jewish synagogue, discover two Jacobean mansions and an eighteenth century sugar-grinding mill. What's the best time to visit Barbados? WeatherWhat's OnPeak SeasonLow Season Honestly there’s really not a bad time to go Barbados! With a lovely climate that typically brings year round sunshine, it’s factors like prices, activity and general conditions that will influence your preferred travel time. These tend to change depending on the time of year, e.g. in the midst of the low season (mid-April to mid-December), it tends to be less busy and rates are cheaper but there may be a higher risk of rain. Is it safe to travel to Barbados? Safety TipsBeach SafetyProhibited ItemsHealth Care Barbados is considered to be a safe place to travel. The people are generally friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. However, as with any foreign destination, travelers should take reasonable precautions to ensure they remain safe and protected. Avoid unlit or lonely areas at night, don’t leave your valuables on the beach or rental car; lock doors when leaving your car or room. Check with your hotel first if unfamiliar with a beach as there may be currents and choose beaches with lifeguards on duty if not a strong swimmer. I want to live in Barbados. Where do I start...? Living HereRelocatingReal EstateBusiness Opportunities Looking to relocate or for a business opportunity? Barbados is a great place to purchase your dream vacation home or retirement house and to do business! You can buy luxury homes & villas, condos, townhouses, residential houses, commercial property or land. Let a local real estate agent help guide you through the process. These professionals offer a variety of services including Barbados property sales, luxury villa rentals, vacation rentals, and property management. Top places to dine and foods / drinks to try Culinary GuideRestaurant GuideFeatured RestaurantsRecipes If you’re missing Barbados and the delightful drinks and foods you sampled here, we’re more than happy to help! Let us show you how to prepare some Barbados recipes like macaroni pie and fishcakes in your own kitchen! You can also check out our detailed Barbados culinary guide, restaurant directory, featured places to eat and favorite things for foodies to do when you visit next. Where are the best places to stay? Hotels & ResortsApartmentsGuesthousesLuxury VillasVacation RentalsAll InclusivesBook NowSearch There are so many accommodation options you are guaranteed to find the perfect place that checks off most if not all of your holiday preferences! Depending on the type of experience you are looking for, we can direct you to some of the best areas to stay. Whether you prefer a timeshare, boutique hotel, adults-only resort, accommodation on the beach or close to the airport, you are sure to find it here! Where are the best beaches? Barbados Beaches Watch this video on YouTube BeachesBeach GuidePhoto GalleryBeach MapWest CoastSouth CoastEast CoastNorth Coast Barbados has over 70 square miles of beautiful beaches just waiting to welcome you! Where can you find the best beaches? It all depends on what you are looking for… Surfers will love the wild waves of the east coast beaches, persons looking to just relax will enjoy the tranquil waters of the west coast. This handy beach guide will help you to find the best beaches for snorkeling, for kids, for seniors, for sunset views and more! About BarbadosKey Facts Location of Barbados The most Easterly island in the Caribbean Chain Weather in Barbados The maximum daily temperature is 75-90 °F year round Capital of Barbados The city of Bridgetown National Dish Cou Cou and Flying Fish Currency Barbadian dollar ($) (BBD) Size of Barbados 166 sq miles National Tree The Pride of Barbados Highest Point Mount Hillaby – Elevation: 1,115′ Population > 277,821 Language English / Bajan Dialect Barbados is a coral island, pushed out of sea by volcanic activity in a far away time. On the West Coast, beaches of fine white sand stretch along a blue-green sea. Coral reefs fringe coast providing excellent snorkeling and Scuba Diving. Along the East Coast a lively surf is blown briskly by the strong and constant trade winds and the waves pound against a rocky shore. The constant breeze of the trade winds gives the island a mild and pleasant tropical climate. When you visit, you will see it is mostly a flat coral island with excellent beaches, but there are also rolling hills and many deep ridges and gullies, with an interesting distribution of flora and fauna. Within the coral core there is a vast array of caves and underground lakes which provide an excellent supply of drinking water that is amongst the purest in the world. Geologically Barbados is unique, being actually two land masses that merged together over the years. This and other anomalies make this Caribbean island quite phenomenal, and there are geological structures that you will find only here. More About Barbados Local News Be in the loop for everything Barbados! Read More Local News … Island Info. About Barbados 7 Wonders History & Culture World Heritage Site Getting Here Visa Requirements Island People Island Living What's On Island Guides Accommodation Guide Barbados By Map Barbados By Drone Beach Guide Business Guide Restaurant Guide Tour Guide Villa Guide Wedding Guide Island Tips Special Offers Great Things To Do Hot Sites to See All Things To Do Where To Visit Private Rentals Car Rentals Safety Tips Island News Connect Join Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Visit Us on YouTube Contact Us via Email facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestyoutubeGo! © Axses Systems Caribbean Inc. , 2024 | Copyright & Terms | Privacy Policy P.O.Box 16B, Brittons Hill, St. Michael, Barbados, BB11090 Back To Top