The leader in LED lighting solutions Skip to main content Back to top Main navigation x Lighting < By Product Family Smart Home LED+ Grow Light LED Vintage LED HD Light Sun Filled LED Ultra Bright LED View All Products By Shape/Use General Globe Decorative Ceiling Fan Track / Recessed Tube Spot & Flood Specialty Use our Bulb Finder Looking for a particular bulb? Smart Home < By Category Bulbs Hexagon Panels Light Strips & Shape Lights Switches & Remotes Plugs Cameras Thermostat Sensors Fixtures App View All Products Smart Features Dynamic Effects Set your home to your schedule Create the perfect scene Control with your voice Control by touch Control with motion Control from anywhere Control non-smart things Experience life in Cync Fixtures < By Category Decorative Under Cabinet Surface Mounts Night Lights View all Use our Fixture Finder Looking for a particular fixture? Support < Smart Home Products (Cync and C by GE) Support Center Contact Us Lighting Products (HD, Grow, LED+ and Vintage) Lighting / LED FAQ Product Safety Information Contact Us - General Lighting About < GE Lighting, a Savant Company About Us Sustainability What’s Next Life in Cync Pressroom Product Finder Product Safety Information Careers Contact Us Stay Enlightened | Blog Last Articles 1 February, 2024 Valentine’s Day Lighting Ideas 1 November, 2023 How to Change a Recessed or Canned Light Bulb 25 September, 2023 How to Install a 3-Way Light Switch—DIY Guide 20 September, 2023 How Do Smart Bulbs Work with Switches (Regular or Smart)? 19 September, 2023 How to Beat the Winter Blues & Boost Your Mood with Lighting 17 September, 2023 The Best Under Cabinet Lighting Ideas for Your Home View All search Search The leader in LED lighting solutions Sub-Navigation Connexion à la caméra Cync Cync Camera Login Search Shape Standard Track/Recessed Globe Decorative Ceiling Fan Tube Spot & Flood Specialty Feature Glenwillow Mentor Smart LED+ Grow HD Vintage Energy Star Outdoor Sun Filled Ultra Bright Brightness 0-19w 20-39w 40-59w 60-79w 80-99w 100-119w 120+w Color Warm Candle Light Soft White Warm White Reveal Color-Changing Cool White Daylight Cool Daylight Bright White Popular searches HD Light General Purpose LED Decorative Lights LED Flood Lights Smart Soft White Loading NEW Dynamic Effects Neon-Shape Light Get creative with smart lights you can bend and shape—featuring millions of colors, light shows, and more. Learn more progress NEW Dynamic Effects Smart Bulbs With one light bulb, you can display up to four colors at once, play vibrant light shows, and sync music to your lights. Learn more progress NEW Indoor and Outdoor Dynamic Effects Light Strips Make your home colorful and lively with light shows, music sync, and millions of colors to choose from. Learn more progress NEW FULL COLOR DYNAMIC EFFECTS HEXAGON PANELS Create a unique modern design with angular panels that include millions of colors, light shows, segmented displays and more—no hub needed. Learn More progress prev next NEW Dynamic Effects With smart bulbs, light strips, and bendable neon lights, our new premium smart product family delivers vibe‑enhancing features like light shows, music sync, and 4‑color displays. Explore the family C how our family of smart products can work together in one app to bring value to your life. C THE POSSIBILITIES A groundbreaking new way to experience your smart home. C our smart evolution Explore The Gallery Bring the sun inside and shine on. Take a look A simple addition to everyday light. Explore the line More green all around. Start growing Looking for a particular bulb? Use our bulb finder. Footer menu What’s Next CES 2024 End of Support Cync Camera Login Cync Support Life in Cync About Us Smart Home LED Careers Contact Us Pressroom Product Safety Information FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Use User Generated Content Terms Cookie Notice Security Disclosure Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram App Available To Download Apple Google EN FR 1997-2022 ©️ SAVANT TECHNOLOGIES LLC. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. The Bluetooth word mark is a registered trademark owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such mark by GE is under license. Reveal ® is a trademark of Savant Technologies LLC. The GE monogram and C by GE are trademarks of General Electric Company used under license. GE Lighting, a Savant company products are only intended for use within the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii and Canada.