Royal Ontario Museum Skip to main content EnglishFrançais About UsDonateBuy TicketsMember LoginShop Search ROM Main - EN Visit Plan Your Visit Buy Tickets Admission Information Location & Parking Shopping & Dining Group Visits Museum Information Visitor Information Accessibility Maps & Tours Tourist Information Book an Event Best of Yorkville OpenROM Exhibitions & Galleries Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Upcoming Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Online Exhibitions & Experiences Galleries Explore All Natural History Art & Culture Hands-On What's On For Adults Conversations ROM After Dark ROM Speaks ROM U ID Clinics Curator Conversations ROM Connects See all adult programs For Families & Kids Summer Club 2024 March Break Camp March Break 2024 Saturday Club ROMKids Junior ROMKids PA Day Camp Earth Rangers Studio 3rd Tuesday Nights Free See all kids programs Travel, Bus & Walks ROMBus ROMTravel ROMWalks ROMWalks Plus ROM at Home ROM On Demand Experts & Objects ROM Speaks Encore See all ROM Live Indigenous Voices See all ROM Kids ROMKids Show ROMKids Artventures Collections & Research Collections Art & Culture Natural History Online Collections Acquisitions & Loans Conservation Repatriation Research ROM Staff Library & Archives Research & Community Projects Climate Change ROM Publications ROM Magazine Learning School Visits Book a School Visit ROM Makerspace Hack the ROM ROM Minecraft Education Partners Educational Resources Activities & Resources Teacher Programs Indigenous Advisory Circle Opportunities for Youth Internships & Co-Ops ROM Youth Cabinet Join Membership Join or Buy Gift Renew or Reserve Tickets Member Events Discounts and Offers Guild of Immortals Digital Cards Member Election Contact ROM Membership Volunteer Volunteering at the ROM Volunteers Opportunities Friends of the ROM Internships and Co-Ops Careers Work with Us Support Support Us Donate Now Ways to Give Get Involved Partner with ROM About ROM Governors Please donate. Your support has never been more vital to the ROM. Help more people access art, culture and nature. Include the ROM in your will We’re Open Today 10:00 am to 5:30 pm Directions Admission Info Accessibility ROM welcomes you to our must-see exhibitions and expansive galleries. The Bloor Street entrance to the Michael Lee-Chin Crystal is temporarily closed due to OpenROM construction. Please use the Weston Entrance on Queen's Park to enter the Museum. Book your tickets today.What you need to know before visiting. Highlight We Live On In What We Leave Behind. Exhibitions On Now Highlight March Break 2024 This March Break, find something for everyone. Learn More Exhibition On Now Wildlife Photographer of the Year One hundred stunning photos showcase this year's best of the best. Learn more Exhibition On Now Death: Life's Greatest Mystery This thought-provoking exhibition asks bigger questions about life and death. Learn More Installation On Now Noelle Hamlyn: Lifers New installation explores fashion's environmental impact. Learn More HomepageEvents & Activities Experience ROM Programs ROM After Dark: International Women’s Day Promotions Save 42% off Toronto’s top 5 attraction with CityPASS Membership ROM Membership VIP access to 4 billion years of beauty and wonder OpenROM Canada’s Leading Museum, Reimagined. Learn more ROM at Home On Demand Austin Clarke: Recognizing a Literary Great Join us to celebrate the legacy of Barbadian-Canadian writer Austin Clarke (1934-2016). On Demand A World-Renowned Wildlife Photographer on His Art and Process Wildlife Photographer of the Year winner Nick Kanakis talks about that winning shot that got him the prize in 2022, his love for snakes, and his advice for young photographers. On Demand Being and Belonging Compelling art forces us to think about how our personal stories influence change in personal and public spheres. Explore more ROM at Home content Take a peek inside our cabinets Browse our collections Step into the Past. Support the Future. Donate Now Become a Member Gift a Membership Can we actually clone a dinosaur? Language English Read more about Can we actually clone a dinosaur? Social Media Community Guidelines Subscribe to our eNews and bring art, culture and nature to your inbox. © Royal Ontario Museum 100 Queen’s Park, Toronto, ON M5S 2C6 Contact Us ► Email: info@rom.on.ca About ROMMedia CentrePrivacy PolicyTravelling ExhibitionsAccessibilityWork with UsEvent BookingCopyrighteNewslettersVolunteer ROM acknowledges that this museum sits on the ancestral lands of the Wendat, the Haudenosaunee Confederacy, and the Anishinaabek Nation, which includes the Mississaugas of the Credit First Nation, since time immemorial to today. An agency of the Government of Ontario