Family Tree & Family History at Geni.com Please wait. loading... People Projects Discussions Surnames share content_copy Copied! Log In Email: Password: Don't know your password? Security Code: Trust this computer Log In Log In with Facebook Home People Projects Genealogy DNA Tests Geni requires JavaScript! Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use this part of Geni. Join the World Family Tree Male Female never shared, never spammed Import a GEDCOM file By continuing you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Start My Family Tree! Already have an account? Log In Powerful Genealogy Tools to Help You Grow Your Tree Work Together Add what you know, then invite your relatives to add the missing pieces. Seamlessly collaborate on a single shared tree with as many family members as you like. Find Your Ancestors Everyone's related. Geni users have already created over 255 million profiles. Instead of repeating their research, you can share it and connect your trees together. Connect to New Relatives Our automatic tree matches let you discover cousins who are researching the same shared ancestors that you are. Connect to new relatives easily to collaborate and share research. Stay Organized Upload and store your family photos, videos, records, and sources on Geni. We make it easy to organize them by person or event and to share them with your relatives. Thank you Geni! I have gone from not knowing anything about my father or his family to finding a whole tree of family. David Gillies, via Facebook Start your own family tree on @geni. It is so easy, quick and fun to use. You'll start to compile your tree in no time! @ladwasagar, via Twitter Best genealogy site ever! Giancarlo Oppermann, via Google + I love your site. This is what I have been looking for for a very long time. Plus, it's simple and very helpful. Wendy Smith-Villegas, via Facebook Who's Using Geni? Families Families use Geni to work together on their shared family history, to stay in touch with family members, and be reminded of family birthdays and anniversaries. Genealogists Genealogists use Geni to collaborate with others on family history research. Historians Historians use Geni for documenting historical profiles and finding important family connections between historical figures. Developers Developers use Geni to build applications using data for over 255 million profiles contributed by 15 million users. Geni's World Family Tree connects 187,083,728 people worldwide and counting, including: Alexander Stubb, 13th President of Finland Jaakko Sakari Teppo Sauli Niinistö, 12th President of Finland Maria Jungner Elizabeth Taylor Marshal of Finland C. G. E. Mannerheim, 6th President of Finland Source: https://www.myheritage.com/person-1505019_429422831_429422831/george-washington George Washington, 1st President of the United States Alfred Nobel Collaborative and Social Resources Help You Build Your Tree Faster Genealogy Discussions Geni users are very active in discussions, where topics range from collaboration to help for beginners. A wealth of genealogy knowledge is shared in the discussions, and this is a great place for new users to get a feel for what Geni can offer. View Geni's Genealogy Discussions Genealogy Projects Our Projects feature provides a workspace for genealogists with similar interests to collaborate, share learnings, and discuss challenges and discoveries. Projects can exist for specific lineages, surnames, broad interests, and much more. View Geni's Genealogy Projects Surnames Surname pages allow users to quickly discover profiles, document, projects, or discussions where that surname is tagged. Surname pages are crowd-sourced, so every Geni member can contribute to the "About" text for any given surname. Explore Geni's Surname Pages The Geni Blog Our frequently updated blog is a portal for learning about new features on Geni, discovering interesting profiles and projects, and getting to know notable members of the Geni community. Follow the blog by subscribing via RSS, liking Geni on Facebook, or following Geni on Twitter. Read our Genealogy Blog For Developers Geni offers the world's largest completely open and completely free API for genealogy data Partner Applications See your Geni data at work in many complimentary mobile, web, and desktop applications Sign Up Now! © 2024 Geni.com About Directory Surname Terms Privacy US State Privacy Notice Cookies Code of Conduct Blog World Family Tree Help English (US) eesti Svenska Español (España) Français עברית Norsk (bokmål) dansk Nederlands Deutsch » A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z To enable the proper functioning and security of the website, we collect information via cookies as specified in our Cookie Policy. Geni does not use any third-party cookies. Great!