Marketing, Automation & Email Platform | Mailchimp Skip to main content Hey there! Free trials are available for Standard and Essentials plans. Start for free today. Solutions and Services Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place INTEGRATE YOUR APPS See 300+ integrations Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Resources Resources See all resources Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search Pricing This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Log In Start Free Trial Hi, %s Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Solutions and Services Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place See what’s new For your industry Back Close Main Menu For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrate your apps Back Close Main Menu Integrate your apps Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce See 300+ integrations Resources Back Close Main Menu Resources Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email See all resources Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Start Free Trial Log In Log In Sign Up Turn Emails into Revenue Win new customers with the #1 email marketing and automations brand* that recommends ways to get more opens, clicks, and sales. Start Free Trial Convert with email automations Boost orders and customer lifetime value by dynamically personalizing emails based on browsing and purchase data. Explore marketing automation Create faster with generative AI Effortlessly create on-brand content with generative AI tools and choose from expertly designed templates. Explore AI tools Refine with segmentation Target customers with advanced logic like spend amounts, buying behavior, and predicted attributes. Explore audience management Optimize with analytics & reporting Analyze performance with custom reports, funnel visualizations, and industry benchmarking. Explore analytics & reporting Get started easily with a personalized product tour An onboarding specialist is here to help you get started with confidence—it’s included with a paid plan.* Learn more about onboarding Start your free trial today How many contacts? How many contacts do you have? 500 1,500 2,500 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 25,000 30,000 40,000 50,000 75,000 100,000 130,000 150,000 200,000 250,000+ Free Trial of Premium for 1 Month and plans for large contact lists available. Talk to our Sales team at +1 (800) 330-4838 or contact us. $ AUD R$ BRL $ CAD CHF CHF DKK kr € EUR £ GBP $ HKD ₹ INR ¥ JPY $ MXN $ NZD SEK kr $ SGD $ USD R ZAR $ AUD R$ BRL $ CAD CHF CHF DKK kr € EUR £ GBP $ HKD ₹ INR ¥ JPY $ MXN $ NZD SEK kr $ SGD $ USD R ZAR How many contacts? How many contacts do you have? 500 1,500 2,500 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 25,000 30,000 40,000 50,000 75,000 100,000 130,000 150,000 200,000 250,000+ Free Trial of Premium for 1 Month and plans for large contact lists available. Talk to our Sales team at +1 (800) 330-4838 or contact us. Best Value Best Value Recommended Mailchimp Recommends Mailchimp Recommends Premium Scale fast with dedicated onboarding, unlimited contacts, and priority support; built for teams. Talk to Sales You've selected more contacts than this plan allows Starts at /month* Starts at $350 per month for {contacts} contacts Talk to Sales at +1 (800) 330-4838 Contact Sales Phone & Priority Support Custom-coded and Pre-built Email Templates Multivariate and A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Dedicated Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Buy Now Buy Now Best Value Best Value Recommended Mailchimp Recommends Mailchimp Recommends Standard Sell even more with personalization, optimization tools, and enhanced automations. Contact limit exceeded You've selected more contacts than this plan allows Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month* Starts at $20 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Custom-coded and Pre-built Email Templates Multivariate & A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Sign Up Free Sign Up Free Best Value Best Value Recommended Mailchimp Recommends Mailchimp Recommends Essentials Send the right content at the right time with testing and scheduling features. Contact limit exceeded You've selected more contacts than this plan allows Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month* Starts at $13 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Pre-built Email Templates A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Sign Up Free Sign Up Free Best Value Best Value Recommended Mailchimp Recommends Mailchimp Recommends Free Easily create email campaigns and learn more about your customers. Contact limit exceeded You've selected more contacts than this plan allows Starts at /month* Starts at $0 per month for {contacts} contacts Email support for first 30 days Pre-built Email Templates A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Sign Up Free Sign Up Free *See Free Trial Terms *Overages apply if contact or email send limit is exceeded. Free plan sending will be paused if contact or email send limit is exceeded. Learn more See all plan details Generate up to 4x more orders* with Customer Journey Builder automations Web browser shows Customer Journey Builder automations with recommended actions for an abandoned cart. Web browser shows Customer Journey Builder automations with recommended actions for an abandoned cart. Convert more customers at scale Drive more traffic and sales by setting up automations that trigger emails based on customer behavior with our Customer Journey Builder. Learn more Example of pre-built automation to engage customers: customer makes purchase, wait 1 week, send Feedback Request. Example of pre-built automation to engage customers: customer makes purchase, wait 1 week, send Feedback Request. Discover new ways to automate Get a head start with pre-built journeys that help you cross-sell your products, recover abandoned carts, re-engage existing customers, and win new ones. Learn more Example of automated email for maximum engagement: send to abandoned cart customer with the subject line Forgot something? Example of automated email for maximum engagement: send to abandoned cart customer with the subject line Forgot something? Keep your emails relevant and your brand growing Deliver personalized emails based on their buying behavior, survey responses, chat interactions, and support tickets to promote loyalty and growth. Keep customers ready to buy with engaging content Content Optimizer Learn how your emails compare to the top-performing campaigns in your industry and get data-driven suggestions for improving your copy, imagery, and layout. Learn more getLottieComponent()}> Creative Assistant Our Creative Assistant will help you stand out by using AI to create custom designs for your brand. Learn more getLottieComponent()}> GDPR ready tools Mailchimp helps you achieve data security and privacy standards for your customers. Learn more Get up to 88% more revenue* with our Customer Lifetime Value and Likelihood to Purchase segments Example customer profile rated 4/5 stars and tagged Local Customer, New Customer, and Opens Emails. Example customer profile rated 4/5 stars and tagged Local Customer, New Customer, and Opens Emails. Mailchimp will help you focus on your most loyal and valuable customers. Example of variety of customer tags for segmenting customers, targeting specific groups, and optimizing engagement. Example of variety of customer tags for segmenting customers, targeting specific groups, and optimizing engagement. Predict who’s likely to buy again Create segments of customers based on their lifetime value and likelihood to purchase. Learn more 2 side-by-side sales emails offering the same 10% discount, but with customized messaging to target specific segments. 2 side-by-side sales emails offering the same 10% discount, but with customized messaging to target specific segments. Build customers for life Use our intelligent predictions to tighten your targeting strategy, strengthen customer relationships, and drive repeat sales. Learn more Bring in more data, drive more growth with our integrations Canva Create compelling visuals for your marketing. Mailchimp for Salesforce Sync your Mailchimp subscribers and Salesforce® leads across platforms. Instagram Promote and share your Instagram posts in email campaigns. Shopify Sync Shopify customers, products, and purchase data to Mailchimp. Google Analytics Unlock powerful insights with campaign, website, or landing page data. WooCommerce Power your ecommerce store with smart marketing features. QuickBooks Online Bring together your marketing tools and invoice data. Squarespace Commerce Market your ecommerce business and drive sales. Zapier Automatically pass data between web services without a single line of code. View all 300+ integrations *Disclaimers Availability of features and functionality varies by plan type. For details, view plans and pricing. Core marketing functionality has been translated to Spanish, French, German, Italian and Portuguese. Certain features, functionality and messaging within the Mailchimp app are not translated. Mailchimp users must be logged into their account to update language preferences. Intuit Assist functionality (beta) is available to certain users with Premium, Standard and Legacy plans in select countries in English only. Access to Intuit Assist is available at no additional cost at this time. Pricing, terms, conditions, special features and service options are subject to change without notice. Availability of features and functionality varies by plan type. Features may be broadly available soon but represents no obligation and should not be relied on in making a purchasing decision. For details, please view Mailchimp’s various plans and pricing. Generate up to 4X more orders with Customer Journey Builder automations based on orders generated through user's connected stores with automations versus when they used bulk emails. Get up to 88% more revenue based on emails sent with predicted segments against non-predictive segmented emails for users with connected stores only. Standard or Premium Plans only. This information contains forward-looking statements, including our expectations regarding the functionality and availability of current or future features. Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these expectations, as described in our SEC filings. This represents no obligation to deliver future features and should not be relied on in making a purchasing decision. Additional terms, conditions, and fees may apply. Email Content Generator available to select US Standard and Premium plan users. Related Links: What is SEO? Make Money Online ChatGPT: What to Know About This AI Content Writing Tool Products Why Mailchimp? Product Updates Email Marketing Websites Transactional Email How We Compare GDPR Compliance Security Status Mobile App Resources Marketing Library Free Marketing Tools Marketing Glossary Integrations Directory Community Agencies & Freelancers Developers Events Company Our Story Newsroom Give Where You Live Careers Accessibility Help Contact Us Hire an Expert Help Center Talk to Sales Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Check it out This page is now available in other languages. English Español Français Português Deutsch Italiano ©2001-2024 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences