IFPI — Representing the recording industry worldwide About IFPI What We Do Our People Our Boards National Groups Careers Diversity and Inclusion Our Industry Industry Data Role of a Record Label IFPI Global Charts Artist Stories Performance Rights Campaigns Securing growth across the music ecosystem Copyright infringement Music Climate Pact Global Citizen Campaign Music Cities News Members Our members Apply Resources Contact GMR ISRC Representing the recording industry worldwide BLACKPINK Promoting the value of recorded music Bad Bunny Campaigning for record producer rights Lizzo 8,000 members across IFPI and its National Group network 70 countries where our members operate The voice of the recording industry worldwide Promoting the Value of Recorded Music IFPI demonstrates recorded music’s economic value in creating growth, jobs and investment, and its cultural value to society and in people’s lives. Campaigning for the Rights of Record Producers IFPI works to make sure that the rights of its members, who create, produce and invest in music, are properly protected and enforced. Expanding the Commercial Uses of Recorded Music IFPI works to help its members license and generate commercial value for music through every available channel across the world. IFPI works as a global team. Our work brings together experts from different departments, countries and continents. Read more > 70 Over 70 IFPI National Groups or affiliated music licensing companies Perfect must-see of a pay attention to have replica rolex watches . 70 over 70 markets where our member companies operate Latest News SEVENTEEN’s FML announced by IFPI as biggest-selling Global Album of the Year K-Pop group SEVENTEEN have topped the 2023 Chart, with FML winning the group their first ever IFPI Global Charts Award. Read more > Latest News Miley Cyrus’ Flowers Confirmed by IFPI as Biggest-Selling Global Single of the Year Miley Cyrus’ Flowers took the #1 spot in this year’s IFPI Global Single Chart, her first appearance in an IFPI Global Chart Top 10. Read more > Latest News Taylor Swift Confirmed by IFPI as Biggest-Selling Global Recording Artist of the Year Taylor Swift wins award for unprecedented third time, confirming her place as most successful artist in the award’s 10-year history Read more > © IFPI. All rights reserved. Terms of use & Privacy Policy