Home - TomDispatch.com Skip to content A regular antidote to the mainstream media Facebook Twitter Reddit RSS Feed Primary Menu Facebook Twitter Reddit RSS Feed Home Archive Authors Books About Contact Donate Search for: Resist Empire Support TomDispatch Donate Tomgram Engelhardt, A Big-Time War of Terror Posted on March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 [Note for TomDispatch Readers: It’s been a while since I’ve urged you to visit our donation page and consider giving something to TD. But now’s the time. As ever, this site needs your support simply to keep chugging along in its 23rd year in our ever stranger world. So, believe me, anything you can do will be beyond appreciated! Just take a moment and see if you can offer us a hand (and a few bucks) to keep us going! Tom] Living on the Wrong World A Planetary Cease Fire Is Desperately Needed By Tom Engelhardt On this planet of ours, it almost doesn't matter who's right and who's wrong when it comes to our wars. Actually, let me correct that thought slightly: it certainly does matter, but what matters so much more is that we humans simply can't stop fighting them. That is (or at least should be) a stunning and deeply saddening reality. What obvious lessons we seem congenitally incapable of learning! In the previous century, after all, there were two truly global wars, World War I and World War II, that were estimated to have left significantly more than 100 million military personnel and civilians dead, while decimating parts of the planet. The second of those conflicts ended with the obliteration of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on August 6th and 9th, 1945, with the loss of possibly 200,000 dead, and the arrival in our world of a shattering new weapon, the atomic bomb. After so many centuries of endless warfare, it finally brought humanity to the edge of future annihilation. Read More Tomgram Juan Cole, How Washington’s Anti-Iranian Campaign Failed, Big Time Posted on March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 You know we’re in an increasingly extreme world when a young American airman burns himself to death outside the Israeli embassy in Washington to protest Israel’s nightmarish war in Gaza. (“Today, I am planning to engage in an extreme act of protest against the genocide of the Palestinian people,” he wrote in an email to the media before setting himself aflame.) And given that President Biden and his administration have backed just about every last murderous action taken by the Israeli government and ensured that the American-supplied weaponry Israel is using keeps on flowing, it’s small wonder that he’s finding himself in political trouble. Honestly, when you consider how Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and crew have dealt with their utter devastation of Gaza without, like so many countries that have committed striking crimes, in any way denying what they’re doing or trying to cover it up, it’s as if Hamas were running their propaganda campaign. And sadly enough, nothing seems to be improving in that largely destroyed 25-mile strip of land, whose population has been almost totally displaced. The casualties in Gaza only continue to grow as ever more of its inhabitants find themselves lacking the basics of life and in danger of dying, while the 1.4 million or so refugees now sheltering in the southern city of Rafah are to be “allowed” to flee yet again (but not return to their homes) before Israel launches full-scale operations there. And Washington, with barely a whimper of protest, has backed this nightmare to the hilt. No wonder, then, that, as TomDispatch regular Juan Cole, who also runs the must-read Informed Comment website, explains today, longtime American foe Iran has been making hay while the sun shines (but only on Iran) in the Middle East. Tom Is Tehran Winning the Middle East? How the Gaza Conflict Made Democracy’s Name Mud for Millions By Juan Cole In the midst of Israel's ongoing devastation of Gaza, one major piece of Middle Eastern news has yet to hit the headlines. In a face-off that, in a sense, has lasted since the pro-American Shah of Iran was overthrown by theocratic clerics in 1979, Iran finally seems to be besting the United States in a significant fashion across the region. It's a story that needs to be told. “Hit Iran now. Hit them hard” was typical advice offered by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham after a drone flown by an Iran-aligned Iraqi Shiite militia killed three American servicemen in northern Jordan on January 28th. The well-heeled Iran War Lobby in Washington has, in fact, been stridently calling for nothing short of a U.S. invasion of that country, accusing Tehran of complicity in Hamas's October 7th terrorist attack on Israel. Read More Tomgram Karen Greenberg, On Trial (Never?) Posted on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 He’s always there! Right? And you know exactly who I mean. I just Googled him and the latest news at this very second, though undoubtedly not 30 seconds from now, is that he’s asked the New York judge in the civil fraud trial he recently lost — a mere $355 million judgment for inflating the value of his properties (full cost $454 million), a sum rising by $87,502 a day until he pays — to delay the enforcement of that judgment for a month. Oh, and while he was at it, he started comparing himself to the dead Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny. “It is a form of Navalny,” he insisted, speaking about his situation. And then, focusing on himself, of course, not the Russian dissident, he added: “And it’s a horrible thing. But it’s happening in our country too. We are turning into a communist country in many ways. And if you look at it, I’m the leading candidate, I got indicted… I got indicted four times, I have eight or nine trials… all because of the facts that I’m in politics.” You undoubtedly didn’t know that Joe Biden and crew were commies (and they probably didn’t either), but now you do (even if they don’t). And perhaps you know, too, that a group of 154 American historians and presidential experts recently ranked The Donald as the worst president in American history, a singular honor when you think about it. No middle of the pack like Biden (#14) for him! And imagine this: the worst president in our history, the man who, on December 19, 2020, tweeted “Statistically impossible to have lost the 2020 Election,” and then announced a “Big protest in D.C. on January 6th” and invited his fans to Washington (“Be there! Will be wild!), is today leading in numerous polls for the 2024 presidential election. Honestly, you couldn’t make this stuff up. It would be too absurd. And yet perhaps all of this would be different if, unlike his civil cases in New York, the American criminal justice system, state and national, worked just a tad better. As TomDispatch regular Karen Greenberg points out today, when it comes to criminal justice, delay is the name of the game and not just in regard to our former president. All too sadly, it could add a distinct “in” to justice, American-style. Tom Trump’s Justice Justice Delayed Is Democracy Denied By Karen J. Greenberg In 1868, British Prime Minister William Gladstone famously said, “Justice delayed is justice denied.” The phrase has often been repeated here in the United States, most famously by the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., who echoed it in his 1963 "Letter from a Birmingham Jail”: “Justice too long delayed is justice denied.” Sadly enough, justice delayed (and possibly denied) is once again front and center in America as we face the specter of Donald Trump and his insistence on eternally evading the reach of the law. What's at stake isn't just the fate of the former president, but an essential aspect of democracy. Read More See the Archive Newsletter Email address Leave this field empty if you're human: Resist Empire Support TomDispatch Donate Recent Articles The October 7th America Has Forgotten February 27, 2024 War Is Bad for You — And the Economy February 25, 2024 I’m Heartbroken by the War in Israel February 22, 2024 “Emergent” AI Behavior and Human Destiny February 20, 2024 Dam, Dam, Dam! February 18, 2024 Recent Books Splinterlands Julian West, looking backwards from 2050, tries to understand why the world and his family have fallen apart. Part Field Notes from a Catastrophe, part 1984, part World War Z, John Feffer’s striking new dystopian novel, takes us deep into the battered, shattered world of 2050. The European Union has broken apart. Multiethnic great powers like Russia and… Read more Frostlands It’s 2051, and Arcadia is under attack. As the stand-alone sequel to Splinterlands begins, the sustainable compound in what was once Vermont is on high alert. Arcadia’s defense corps is mobilized to defend against what first appears to be a routine assault, one of the many that the community must repulse from para- military forces… Read more A Nation Unmade by War A Nation Unmade by War surveys American exceptionalism in the age of absurdity. As Tom Engelhardt argues, despite having a more massive, technologically advanced, and better-funded military than any other power on the planet, in the last decade and a half of constant war across the Greater Middle East and parts of Africa, the United… Read more In the Shadows of the American Century: The Rise and Decline of U.S. Global Power In a completely original analysis, prize-winning historian Alfred W. McCoy explores America’s rise as a world power—from the 1890s through the Cold War—and its bid to extend its hegemony deep into the twenty-first century through a fusion of cyberwar, space warfare, trade pacts, and military alliances. McCoy then analyzes the marquee instruments of US hegemony—covert… Read more Every Body Has a Story As the Great Recession and the foreclosure crisis hit, four close friends who barely made it out of poverty in New York City’s South Bronx, suddenly find themselves caught up in the economic maelstrom. Lena, Zack, Dory, and Stu must reconcile their troubled past with an uncertain future in Beverly Gologorsky’s stunning new novel, a… Read more Home Archive Authors Books About Contact Donate © 2024 TomDispatch.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service Facebook Twitter Reddit RSS Feed