SUNY Oswego | Home Skip to main content Info For Current Students Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Parents and Families Alumni Community Members Apply Visit Give News & Events Athletics Email Brightspace myOswego Library A-Z Index University Calendar Academic Dining Menu About Fast Facts History and Traditions Our Region Maps, Parking, and Directions Diversity and Inclusion Environment and Sustainability President and Leadership Contact Us Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Tuition Graduate Tuition Summer and Winter Tuition Financial Aid Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Programs Extended Learning Colleges and Schools Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Schedule a Visit Request Information Apply Student Life Living at Oswego Dining Experience Student Activities Health and Wellness Athletics and Recreation Search Oswego.edu Search About Fast Facts History and Traditions Our Region Maps, Parking, and Directions Diversity and Inclusion Environment and Sustainability President and Leadership Contact Us Tuition & Aid Undergraduate Tuition Graduate Tuition Summer and Winter Tuition Financial Aid Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Programs Extended Learning Colleges and Schools Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Schedule a Visit Request Information Apply Student Life Living at Oswego Dining Experience Student Activities Health and Wellness Athletics and Recreation News & Events Athletics Quick Links Email Brightspace myOswego Library A-Z Index University Calendar Academic Dining Menu Apply Visit Give Admitted Student Days Learn More Dive into our vibrant campus life, connect with inspiring faculty, and explore unparalleled academic and support opportunities! Breadcrumb 851 Congratulations New Lakers! Admitted StudentsIt all starts now. Access your portal for up-to-date information.Access portal Your Story Starts HereDiscover OswegoA beyond gorgeous campus. A friendly, accepting, caring community. A transformational student experience. Explore Oswego — in person or virtually. Gain perspective. Ask questions. Discover where students become scholars, professionals, change makers, advocates and drivers of the common good. Determine whether Oswego is a great fit for you.Plan Your Visit Trending now Vision 4040 Expanding Oswego’s Promise A pathway for SUNY Oswego to stabilize degree attainment of 4,000 awards per year — 40,000 per decade — by year 2040. Learn More Discovery & Wonder Total Solar Eclipse Get ready for a day of community, festivity and research, as SUNY Oswego gears up to observe this rare celestial event. What to Expect Starting in March Admitted Student Days Congrats Future Lakers! Register to attend one of three Admitted Student dates for a glimpse of what comes next. Register Vibrant CommunityThe Laker ExperienceImmerse yourself in all our campus has to offer — whatever your interests, hobbies and passions. Pretty soon, Oswego will start to feel like home.Life at Oswego Return on your investment Value and Outcomes SUNY Tuition and Great Value SUNY saves NYS residents an average of $1,400 compared to other public institutions across the nation. View Tuition 84% of Students Receive Financial Aid A degree is an investment, and avenues to get there include scholarships, grants, student employment and loans. Financial Aid 99% of Graduates are Employed or Continue Our Career Services can help you discover and forge paths that connect your passions and your values to your talents. Career Services 92,000+ Alumni Network 800+ foundation scholarships (over $1 million) are made possible through the generosity of alumni and friends. Alumni It's been great working with the faculty, and definitely athletics, they've been great. They really gave me a lot opportunities to come and work for them and expand my interests beyond my major. Casey Stone Applied Mathematics, BS I was able to play with Symphoria a couple years ago, I toured in the last six months with a flutist from Symphoria. I can guarantee you, I wouldn't have gotten opportunities like that at [other schools]. Chris Spinelli Music Major Upcoming EventsAt Oswego, there’s always something going on. We invite engaging speakers from around the world to share their expertise, alumni return to discuss their after-college experiences, and we host accomplished musicians and art exhibitions. You'll also find opportunities to unwind, cheer on your fellow Lakers at our numerous sporting events or catch a movie through our foreign film series. Go Oswego Ready to learn, lead, and serve in our ever-changing world. Become a Laker 7060 State Route 104 Oswego, NY 13126-3599 315.312.2500 Apply Request info Visit 7060 State Route 104 Oswego, NY 13126-3599 315.312.2500 Campus Contact us Commitment to safety Library Resources A-Z index Accessibility Careers at Oswego Consumer Information: Student Right to Know People Search More Report an accessibility issue About this site Privacy Policy © State University of New York at Oswego