Home | American Friends Service Committee Support our Gaza emergency response: Donate now to help deliver humanitarian aid to Gaza and support advocacy for peace. A generous donor will match your gift up to $50,000! YOUR GIFT MATCHED Quaker action for a just world search Our Work Strategic Goals Programs Issues Economic Justice Global Peace Migration & Immigrant Rights Prisons & Policing About Team Careers History Archives Reports & Financials Office directory News Press Releases Topics Gaza & Israel Stop Cop City Climate Justice Migrant Rights Humanitarian Relief Food Security Get Involved Take Action Events Friends Engage Subscribe Donate Give once Give monthly More ways to give Our Work Strategic Goals Programs Issues Economic Justice Global Peace Migration & Immigrant Rights Prisons & Policing About Team Careers History Archives Reports & Financials Office directory News Press Releases Topics Gaza & Israel Stop Cop City Climate Justice Migrant Rights Humanitarian Relief Food Security Get Involved Take Action Events Friends Engage Subscribe Donate Give once Give monthly More ways to give search We bring together people of all faiths and backgrounds to challenge injustice and build peace around the globe. Mohammed Zaanoun/Activestills Crisis in Gaza Mounting violence has created a humanitarian crisis. Join AFSC to provide relief to people in Gaza and call for peace. Take action Tell Congress to resume U.S. funding for life-saving Palestinian aid Tell Congress Keep families out of poverty and expand the child tax credit YOUR GIFT MATCHED Emergency response in Gaza Take action Call for a cease-fire and humanitarian access for Gaza Press release Another migrant dies near Border Patrol's open-air detention sites Protecting New Mexico’s water democracy Feb 16, 2024 A tribute to Enass Muzamel Feb 15, 2024 An update from AFSC staff in Rafah Updated Feb 21, 2024 New study shows strong support for engagement and diplomacy with North Korea and China Feb 14, 2024 See All News OurWork AFSC was founded in 1917 to create alternatives to military service during World War I. Since then, we have stood with communities taking bold action to overcome violence, inequality, and oppression. Ralph Azar/AFSC Over a century of action Helped rebuild war-ravaged communities in Europe after World War II. Stood with communities to overcome violence, inequality, and oppression. Organized people in the U.S. against apartheid in South Africa. Co-recipient of the 1947 Nobel Peace Prize. Donate today The AFSC newsletter connects activism to the issues that matter. Join us today. American Friends Service Committee 1501 Cherry Street, Philadelphia, PA 19102 215-241-7000 Our Work Our Approach About AFSC History All Programs News Get Involved AFSC Store Careers Contact Us ©AFSC 2024 Privacy policy | Sites Credit | Creative Commons License