The Tufts Daily Skip to Content, Navigation, or Footer. News All University Local Features Arts Opinion Editorial Column Guest Viewpoint Sports Investigative Science Audio Video Newsletter More Crosswords Cartoons About Contact Us Submit a Tip Where you read it first | Tuesday, March 5, 2024 The Print Edition Donate | About | Join Us | Advertise Subscribe to our newsletters × News University Local Features Arts Opinion Editorial Guest Column Viewpoint Sports Investigative Science Audio Video Newsletter Crosswords Cartoons Print Edition About Masthead Donate Contact Submit a Tip TCU Senate passes 3 of 4 resolutions seeking university accountability for ties to Israel Men’s hockey advances to NESCAC championship game, falling to Trinity in the final 2024 Oscars predictions: Who will win in all 23 categories Going against the grain: What’s underneath the unique majors offered at Tufts? University OEO is asking students about sexual misconduct at Tufts. Here’s why you should fill out the survey By Katie Spiropoulos | March 5 The Office of Equal Opportunity recently sent out a survey to the Tufts community seeking to gauge the prevalence of sexual misconduct on campus. OEO worked with the education consulting group Grand River Solutions to develop the survey and has been ... News TCU Senate passes 3 of 4 resolutions seeking university accountability for ties to Israel By Matthew Sage, Julieta Grané and Rachel Liu | March 4 Former U.S. Ambassador Suzi LeVine shares the impact of failure on her journey By Michael Onysko | March 4 New TCU senators elected in 2024 special election By Josue Perez | February 29 Opinion Nex Benedict and Tufts’ next steps toward true inclusion By Alex Lin | March 4 The Casual Death of Education: Lots of children left behind By Evan Wang | March 1 Capitol Hill is turning into an assisted living facility and Biden is the most ‘senior’ resident By Kevin Golub | February 29 Ukraine at War: Two years since Russia’s full-scale invasion By Mariia Kudina | February 29 More opinion Features New ExCollege class seeks to connect students with sustainability at Tufts By Molly Sullivan | March 5 Tufts club hockey skates in historical women’s game By Sophie Axelrod | March 4 Dorms, Dishes and Delicacies: Hill Hall By Katie Hankinson | March 4 Going against the grain: What’s underneath the unique majors offered at Tufts? By Katie Hankinson | March 1 Arts ‘Stop Making Sense’ hasn’t lost its luster By Ethan Essner | March 5 David Byrne walking to the tip of a stage with a six-string and fashioning a world of the utmost rhythm and beauty is one of the most perfect sights. His band, Talking Heads, steadily crafted one of the most organically listenable catalogs in American ... Tok the Talk: The emergence of tradwives By Annika Pillai | March 5 Brown and (Usually) Blue: The power of ‘Lagaan’ By Ishaan Rajiv Rajabali | March 5 2024 Oscars predictions: Who will win in all 23 categories By Nate Hall | March 4 Audio More audio The Print Edition Investigative ‘A lot of challenges’: Tufts’ failures as an accessible campus By Delaney Clarke | May 21 After Tufts denied request for union recognition, here's what's next for RAs By Ari Navetta | November 17 Admissions dean accused of discrimination by employees By Aaron Gruen | November 3 Sports Men’s hockey advances to NESCAC championship game, falling to Trinity in the final By Max Druckman | March 5 On Nov. 26, 2023, as the Tufts community savored the final hours of their Thanksgiving break, the Tufts men’s hockey team fell 3–2 to the then No. 10 ranked Salve Regina University Seahawks.The loss brought their record to 0–4–1, as the ... Extra Innings: 2024 MLB award picks By Henry Blickenstaff | March 4 Men’s and women’s track and field boasts strong finishes at the New England Division III Championships By Connor Murphy | March 1 The Round-off Roundup: Want to save men’s gymnastics? Bring back mixed pairs By Sarah Firth | March 1 Science Queerness in STEM: Dr. André K. Isaacs holds Runway Q&A at Tufts By Jaiden Rodgers | March 1 On Feb. 24, the LGBT Center and the Center for STEM Diversity hosted Dr. André K. Isaacs, associate professor of chemistry at College of the Holy Cross, in Breed Memorial Hall for a talk and Q&A focusing on queer identity in STEM. The MiniTouch: A new future for artificial limbs By Anish Guggilam | February 27 Life in STEM: Daily alumnus Alex Viveros on pursuing science journalism By Adi Raman | February 22 Understanding the unique science behind Alzheimer’s onset By Anish Guggilam | February 9 Video Video: Off the Record — sQ! By Julia Carpi, Francesca Wan, Chloe Nacson-Schechter, Tyler Frojmovich and Aaron Gruen | January 17 Video: Ten questions with a street performer By Jake Ren | December 4 Video: Inside Gifford House with University President Anthony Monaco By Julia Carpi and Carl Svahn | May 25 Investigative ‘A lot of challenges’: Tufts’ failures as an accessible campus By Delaney Clarke | May 21 After Tufts denied request for union recognition, here's what's next for RAs By Ari Navetta | November 17 Admissions dean accused of discrimination by employees By Aaron Gruen | November 3 Audio More audio The Print Edition Tweets by TuftsDaily Newsletter Daily Newsletter: March 5, 2024 OEO is asking students about sexual misconduct at Tufts — here’s why you should fill out the survey Newsletter Archive SECTIONS News Features Arts Opinion Sports Investigative Science Audio Video Newsletter QUICK LINKS About Masthead Contact Submit a Tip Join Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Service SOCIAL CONTACT The Tufts Daily PO Box 53018 Medford, MA 02155 daily@tuftsdaily.com All Content © 2024 The Tufts Daily Powered by Solutions by The State News