Home - The American Conservative Politics Foreign Affairs Culture Fellows Program Login Menu search Magazine Current Issue trending_flat Archives trending_flat Blogs State of the Union trending_flat American System trending_flat New Urbs trending_flat Rod Dreher Archive trending_flat Podcasts TAC Right Now trending_flat History Reconsidered trending_flat About About Us trending_flat Who We Are trending_flat Events trending_flat Programs trending_flat Politics Foreign Affairs Culture Fellows Program Login Subscribe Today Become a member and enjoy the very best from The American Conservative in print & digital. Become a Member search Donate Become a Member Subscribe What to Watch on a Not-So-Super Tuesday Bradley Devlin March 5, 2024 Don’t expect anything super from Super Tuesday. Expect more of the same. Trump Actually Can Renew the Economy Krzysztof Tyszka-Drozdowski March 5, 2024 Is Even Justin Trudeau to the Right of Biden on Immigration? Phillip Linderman March 5, 2024 State of the Union Senate Leadership Update: One John Bows Out March 5, 2024 Trump Nabs North Dakota, No Problem March 4, 2024 Supreme Court Vaporizes Colorado Ballot Gambit March 4, 2024 Haley Wins the Swamp (DC Republican Primary) March 4, 2024 Other Recent Stories Tulsi Gabbard Should Be Secretary of State, Not Vice President James W. Carden March 4, 2024 The rising star should keep the hawks from from the war cabinet. SCOTUS OKs Admissions Discrimination at TJ High Peter Van Buren March 4, 2024 By refusing to hear the case about the school’s admissions practices, the Court effectively gutted last year’s decision against affirmative action. What Is Marriage For? Nic Rowan March 4, 2024 Bourgeois values bring stability, prosperity, and dignity—but happiness is another matter. Join our Email List Stay up to date on all the latest from The American Conservative. Email Address: TAC Staff Curt Mills Helen Andrews Jude Russo Sumantra Maitra Bradley Devlin Colton Moor Nicholas Bartulovic Anastasia Kaliabakos Food For Thought “I’m motivated by my loathing of the people in charge. The one thing I know a lot about are the people who populate the ruling class. I’m not against ruling classes. Every society has one. I’m just against incompetent, selfish, nasty, stupid people being in charge.” — Tucker Carlson Subscribe today Become a member and enjoy the very best content in print & digital. Become a Member Polish Conservatives Under Siege Michael O’Shea March 3, 2024 The former ruling party is having difficulty navigating parliamentary isolation as cultural revolution comes to Poland. Exploring Christians as a Minority in America Carmel Richardson March 3, 2024 Is Australia Going Soft on China? Rob York March 3, 2024 Sunset for Mitch McConnell—and Joe Biden? Daniel McCarthy March 2, 2024 Just Say No to the WTO Andrew Hale March 2, 2024 Our Podcasts TAC Right Now A weekly current affairs podcast featuring the editors & leadership of The American Conservative. itunes spotify rss History Reconsidered A history podcast, by Sumantra Maitra and Jarrett Stepman. itunes spotify rss Politics Senate Leadership Update: One John Bows Out Bradley Devlin March 5, 2024 What to Watch on a Not-So-Super Tuesday Bradley Devlin March 5, 2024 Trump Actually Can Renew the Economy Krzysztof Tyszka-Drozdowski March 5, 2024 Foreign Affairs Is Even Justin Trudeau to the Right of Biden on Immigration? Phillip Linderman March 5, 2024 Polish Conservatives Under Siege Michael O’Shea March 3, 2024 Is Australia Going Soft on China? Rob York March 3, 2024 Culture What Is Marriage For? Nic Rowan March 4, 2024 Exploring Christians as a Minority in America Carmel Richardson March 3, 2024 A Personal IVF Story Christopher Brunet February 28, 2024 Subscribe Today Become a member and enjoy the very best content in print & digital. Become a Member The American Ideas Institute is a nonprofit, non-partisan 501(c)(3) organization based in Washington, D.C. Blogs State of the Union Categories Politics Foreign Affairs Culture Media Podcasts Events Videos About Our History Our Writers Contact Us Join Subscribe Donate Hiring Info FAQs Customer Service Advertise Comments Policy © 2022 The American Conservative, a publication of The American Ideas Institute. Advertising Guidelines Privacy Policy close Advertisement Advertisement