Home - Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center Registration for this year's Rare Disease Day at NIH is now open! Register Here Registration for this year'sRare Disease Day at NIH is now open! Register Here Registration for this year'sRare Disease Day at NIH is now open! Register Here Feedback National Center for Advancing Translational SciencesBrowse by DiseaseAbout GARDContact Us Questions about rare diseases? 1-888-205-2311 Questions about rare diseases? 1-888-205-2311 EspañolHomepage Search Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center Did you know there are over 10,000 rare diseases? In fact, rare diseases are estimated to affect more than 30 million people in the United States. Each disease may be rare individually, but people with rare diseases often face similar challenges. These challenges may include accessing information, getting a diagnosis, and finding resources.The mission of the Genetic and Rare Diseases (GARD) Information Center is to help the rare disease community meet these common challenges. We do this by providing free access to reliable and easy-to-understand information. We support the rare disease community both through our website and through the dedicated Information Specialists in our Contact Center.Learn more about GARD How Can GARD Help You? Finding accurate information and helpful resources may prove challenging during your diagnostic journey. GARD provides access to information and resources that are current, reliable, and clear. Using the support GARD offers can help ensure you are getting the best possible care for your rare disease.Here, learn what kind of information and resources GARD offers.Browse by DiseaseBrowse by DiseaseSearch our database to find information about thousands of rare diseases.Contact GARD Reach one of our Information Specialists by email or phone to find the help you may need. Find ResourcesDiscover everything from where to find financial aid to tools that help you communicate with your health care provider. Connect with Patient OrganizationsConnect with other patients and families to build a community of support, learn about the latest treatments, care centers, and opportunities to participate in research. How Can GARD Help You? Finding accurate information and helpful resources may prove challenging during your diagnostic journey. GARD provides access to information and resources that are current, reliable, and clear. Using the support GARD offers can help ensure you are getting the best possible care for your rare disease.Here, learn what kind of information and resources GARD offers.Browse by DiseaseSearch our database to find information about thousands of rare diseases.Find ResourcesDiscover everything from where to find financial aid to tools that help you communicate with your health care provider. Contact GARD Reach one of our Information Specialists by email or phone to find the help you may need. Connect with Patient OrganizationsConnect with other patients and families to build a community of support, learn about the latest treatments, care centers, and opportunities to participate in research.Browse by DiseaseConnect with GARDGARD Information Specialists offer individualized help to connect you with information and resources. Our Information Specialists can help you: Find or understand information about a rare disease.Navigate information throughout the diagnostic journey.Discover resources, disease experts, or clinical studies for a rare disease. Important: GARD provides information about rare diseases for your general knowledge and is not a substitute for the advice of a health care provider.PhoneAvailable Monday through Friday12 pm to 6 pm Eastern Time(Except: Federal Holidays)Toll Free:1-888-205-2311Contact GARDUse the contact form to send your question to a GARD Information Specialist.Please allow 2 to 10 business days for us to respond. Ask a GARD Specialist Connect with GARDGARD Information Specialists offer individualized help to connect you with information and resources. Our Information Specialists can help you: Find or understand information about a rare disease.Navigate information throughout the diagnostic journey.Discover resources, disease experts, or clinical studies for a rare disease. Important: GARD provides information about rare diseases for your general knowledge and is not a substitute for the advice of a health care provider.PhoneAvailable Monday through Friday12 pm to 6 pm Eastern Time(Except: Federal Holidays)Toll Free:1-888-205-2311Contact GARDUse the contact form to send your question to a GARD Information Specialist.Please allow 2 to 10 business days for us to respond. Ask a GARD Specialist GARDGenetic and Rare Diseases Information CenterPO Box 8126,Gaithersburg, MD 20898-8126Browse by DiseaseAbout GARDContact UsPrivacy PolicyDisclaimerAccessibilityFOIAOIGHHS Vulnerability DisclosureU.S. Department of Health & Human ServicesNational Institutes of HealthNational Center for Advancing Translation SciencesNIH … Turning Discovery Into Health ®