The Old Farmer's Almanac - Weather, Gardening, Full Moon, Best Days, Astronomy, News Skip to main content Global Get Almanac's Daily Updates Extended Forecasts Where to Buy Contact Us Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Menu Main navigation Weather Weather sub-navigation 5-Day Forecast Long-Range Forecast Spring Forecast 2024 Frost Dates Weather History Gardening Gardening sub-navigation Garden Planner Planting Dates Chart Plant Growing Guides Robin's Garden Blog Pests & Diseases Vegetable Gardening Flower Gardening Monthly Garden To-Do Moon & Sun Moon & Sun sub-navigation March Moon Total Eclipse 2024 2024 Sky Events Next Full Moon? Moon Phase Calendar March Night Sky Bob's Sky Blog Sunrise & Set Times Moonrise & Set Times Visible Planets Bright Stars Tonight Meteor Showers Equinox and Solstice Calendar Calendar sub-navigation March Horoscope First Day of Spring Holidays & Events Moon Phase Calendar Planting Calendar Best Days Calendar Fishing Calendar Mercury Retrograde Food Food sub-navigation Find A Recipe Baking Canning and Pickling Store Search Newsletter Sign Up Where to Buy Contact Us Search API form Search Mobile Menu Social Buttons Almanac Header Cover Get Your Copy! Order Your Almanac Today! For daily wit & wisdom, sign up for the Almanac Daily newsletter. Email Address Search Almanac.com Search Mark your calendars, the Total Solar Eclipse is coming! see our complete guide to the total eclipse Plant Growing GuidesWelcome to the Plant Growing Guide library. Take a look at all the common crops that you can grow this season! Our guides tell you how to plant, care for, and harvest vegetables, fruit, herbs, flowers, and more.Learn More Calendar Today is Day 65 of 2024 13 days until spring begins Question of the Day I am looking for a recipe to make honey by boiling clover blossoms. My grandmother made it for my father when he was a child. Any information? Answer Upcoming Holidays March 8, 2024 International Women's Day March 10, 2024 Daylight Saving Time Begins March 10, 2024 Mothering Sunday March 10, 2024 Ramadan Begins View Calendar ADVERTISEMENT Word of the Day Diurnal TideA tide with one high water and one low water in a tidal day of approximately 24 hours. Puzzle of the Day Why ought the stars to be good astronomers?Answer Today is the Best Day to... harvest belowground crops set posts or pour concrete straighten hair Get Almanac’s Daily Updates Free Email Newsletter Email Address BONUS: You’ll also receive our free Beginner Gardening Guide! Weather Seasonal Outlook Spring Frost DatesGet the last spring frost dates. Just enter your zip code or location in our Frost Date Calculator. Long-Range Weather Northeast Atlantic Corridor Appalachians Southeast Florida Lower Lakes Ohio Valley Deep South Upper Midwest Heartland Texas-Oklahoma High Plains Intermountain Desert Southwest Pacific Northwest Pacific Southwest Alaska Hawaii Weather History ADVERTISEMENT Astronomy Today's Moon Phase Today's Moon Phase28% of Full • 25 days old View Moon Phase Calendar Next Full Moon March Full MoonThe Full Worm Moon, will occur on Monday, March 25, 2024. Sunrise and Sunset Moonrise and Moonset Also, see visible planets and bright stars for your area. ADVERTISEMENT Gardening Planting Calendar Get Your Planting Dates Gardening for Everyone Learn How to Grow a Vegetable Garden Find our FREE online series of step-by-step guides! Think of it as a “Gardening 101” masterclass with your trusted Almanac gardening experts as your teachers. Learn more! Growing Guides Vegetables Fruits Herbs Flowers Foliage Plants Trees, Shrubs, and Vines Houseplants Food Cookies and Bars Mother's Forgotten Mint Cookies Pies and Pastries Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie Fruit Strawberry-Rhubarb Soup About The Almanac About the AlmanacWhat is The Old Farmer’s Almanac? For more than 225 years, we’ve been the go-to resource for everything under the Sun—including the Moon! We may be “old,” but in fact we’re new every year—and even every day. Find out what makes our little yellow book so special. Visit the The Almanac Webcam Welcome to the Almanac’s HQ! We’re located in the tiny village of Dublin, New Hampshire, which is small-town America at its best—complete with Old Glory high atop her pole, a church steeple, the town hall—and New England weather! Check it all out on our webcam. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Our Brands The Old Farmer's Almanac for Kids Yankee Magazine Family Tree Magazine NH Business Review New Hampshire Magazine Yankee Custom Marketing Resources About Us Contact Us Free Daily Newsletter Webcam Advertise with Us Media Relations Sell the Almanac Where to Buy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie List Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Connect with Us Footer Info ©2024 Yankee Publishing, Inc., An Employee-Owned Company1121 Main Street | P.O. Box 520 | Dublin, NH 03444