Home I Stora Enso Contact Products Sustainability Main menu International Search Annual General Meeting 2024 Registration to Stora Enso’s AGM is now open. Shareholders are also invited to attend an informal group meeting to discuss with the President and CEO and the CFO prior to the formal AGM. Read more Read about our year 2023 Stora Enso’s Annual Report 2023 published Read more Technology brings biodiversity and business together On 13 February, Stora Enso launched a new partnership with International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) focused on how to deliver net positive impact on biodiversity and driving innovation in forestry and biodiversity. Read more What all goes into a packaging climate strategy? Taking on the climate crisis requires a bold strategy. While it includes identifying substantial actions we can take within our organization to cut carbon emissions, we cannot maximize our emission reduction impact alone. Read more Papira® by Stora Enso: A bio-based foam revolutionizing the furniture packaging industry Teaming up with Stora Enso, global furniture retailer XXXLutz Group is exploring game-changing alternatives to conventional packaging materials: Papira® and Fibrease® by Stora Enso. Read more Annual General Meeting 2024 Read about our year 2023 Technology brings biodiversity and business together What all goes into a packaging climate strategy? Papira® by Stora Enso: A bio-based foam revolutionizing the furniture packaging industry We are the renewable materials company Part of the global bioeconomy, Stora Enso is a leading provider of renewable products in packaging, biomaterials, and wooden construction. Quick links InvestorsOpen positionsNewsroomSell your wood Our renewable solutions Replacing plastics in food packaging Natural cosmetics & personal care Plastic-free e-commerce Sustainable takeaway packaging and utensils Circular retail Low-carbon buildings Sustainable print Low-carbon industrial solutions Latest articles and reference cases Technology brings biodiversity and business together On 13 February, Stora Enso launched a new partnership with International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) focused on how to deliver net positive impact on biodiversity and driving innovation in forestry and biodiversity. The partnership aims to explore how to harness technology to promote biodiversity in forestry, based on a framework developed by Stora Enso. Today, as World Wildlife Day encourages us to explore digital innovation for species, we wanted to take the opportunity to shed some light on the pioneering work done in Stora Enso. Feb 29, 2024 Renewable strength from the north – Why northern wood fiber makes for exceptional packaging If you ask consumers, fiber-based cartons are the go-to material for food packaging. For the quality and sustainability of the packaging material, where the fiber comes from also matters. Here’s a look at the key benefits of using northern wood fiber as the raw material for consumer packaging. Feb 14, 2024 2024: The Year of the Wood Dragon Buildings 2024 – the Wood Dragon year comes once every 60 years in the Chinese zodiac. The dragon is associated with incredible strength, positive transformation, and challenges. And, the element wood, symbolises creativity and adaptability. Feb 9, 2024 News archive Press releases Archive Regulatory and Investor News Archive Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Whether you’re looking for answers, would like to solve a problem, or just want to let us know how we did, you’ll find many ways to contact us right here. We’ll help you resolve your issues quickly and easily. Contact me Quick links About Stora Enso Careers Contact Download centre Learning center Investors Newsroom Products Sustainability Part of the global bioeconomy, Stora Enso is a leading provider of renewable products in packaging, biomaterials and wooden construction, and one of the largest private forest owners in the world. We believe that everything that is made from fossil-based materials today can be made from a tree tomorrow. Stora Enso has approximately 20,000 employees and our sales in 2023 were EUR 9.4 billion. Stora Enso shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy (STEAV, STERV) and Nasdaq Stockholm AB (STE A, STE R). In addition, the shares are traded in the USA as ADRs and Ordinary Shares (SEOAY, SEOFF, SEOJF). Privacy Legal notice MSA Report Speak Up