Blog Posts Archive - Pingdom SolarWinds Blog Contact Us PRODUCTS SOLUTIONS PRICING RESOURCES LOG IN INTERNET OUTAGES DEMO REQUESTFREE TRIAL × SYNTHETIC MONITORING REAL USER MONITORING INFRASTRUCTURE MONITORING APPLICATION MONITORING LOG MANAGEMENT Get unified visibility and intelligent insights with SolarWinds Observability LEARN MORE Synthetic Monitoring Simulate visitor interaction with your site to monitor the end user experience. View Product Info FEATURES Uptime MonitoringPage SpeedTransaction MonitoringAlerting Simulate visitor interaction Identify bottlenecks and speed up your website. Learn More Real User Monitoring Enhance your site performance with data from actual site visitors View Product Info FEATURES Live MapUser Experience MonitoringPage Load PerformanceUser Behavior Metrics Real user insights in real time Know how your site or web app is performing with real user insights Learn More Infrastructure Monitoring Powered by SolarWinds AppOptics Instant visibility into servers, virtual hosts, and containerized environments View Infrastructure Monitoring Info Comprehensive set of turnkey infrastructure integrations Including dozens of AWS and Azure services, container orchestrations like Docker and Kubernetes, and more Learn More Application Performance Monitoring Powered by SolarWinds AppOptics Comprehensive, full-stack visibility, and troubleshooting View Application Performance Monitoring Info Complete visibility into application issues Pinpoint the root cause down to a poor-performing line of code Learn More Log Management and Analytics Powered by SolarWinds Loggly Integrated, cost-effective, hosted, and scalable full-stack, multi-source log management View Log Management and Analytics Info Collect, search, and analyze log data Quickly jump into the relevant logs to accelerate troubleshooting Learn More Use Cases By Industry Web Development Ecommerce & Retail Media & Entertainment Enterprise Use Cases by Challenge Digital Experience Monitoring Marketing Web Performance Optimization Technical Documentation Pingdom API Datasheet Getting Started FAQ Pricing and Packaging Knowledge Base Even more Pingdom plugins, apps and add-ons Website Speed Test Webhooks Educational Resources Create a Support Ticket Download Extensions On-demand training APM Integrated Experience Datasheet Webinar: Achieve Observability Video: Failed Transaction Check Infographic SolarWinds vs Datadog SolarWinds vs AppDynamics SolarWinds vs New Relic SolarWinds vs Dynatrace Connect About Us Contact Us Customer Support Customer Stories Pingdom THWACK Forum Pingdom Blog COVID-19 Resource Center PRODUCTS SYNTHETIC MONITORING Uptime Monitoring Page Speed Transaction Monitoring Alerting REAL USER MONITORING Live Map User Experience Monitoring Page Load Performance User Behavior Metrics INFRASTRUCTURE MONITORING APPLICATION MONITORING LOG MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS Use Cases By Industry Web Development Ecommerce & Retail Media & Entertainment Enterprise Use Cases by Challenge Digital Experience Monitoring Marketing Web Performance Optimization PRICING RESOURCES Technical Documentation Pingdom API Datasheet Getting Started FAQ Pricing and Packaging Knowledge Base Even more Pingdom plugins, apps and add-ons Website Speed Test Webhooks Educational Resources Create a Support Ticket Download Extensions On-demand training APM Integrated Experience Datasheet Webinar: Achieve Observability Video: Failed Transaction Check Infographic SolarWinds vs Datadog SolarWinds vs AppDynamics SolarWinds vs New Relic SolarWinds vs Dynatrace Connect About Us Contact Us Customer Support Customer Stories Pingdom THWACK Forum Pingdom Blog COVID-19 Resource Center LOG IN INTERNET OUTAGES DEMO REQUEST FREE TRIAL Announcing SolarWinds Observability 01 Nov 2022 | observability READ MORE Webpages Are Getting Larger Every Year, and Here’s Why it Matters February 29, 2024 Data & Analysis Last updated: February 29, 2024 Average size of a webpage matters because it correlates with how fast users get to your content. People today have grown to expect good performance from the web. If your website takes more than 2.5 seconds to load, your users will probably never return to you again. Further, the more […] A Beginner’s Guide to Using CDNs February 28, 2024 Tips & Tricks Last updated: February 28, 2024 Websites have become larger and more complex over the past few years, and users expect them to load instantaneously, even on mobile devices. The smallest performance drops can have big effects; just a 100ms decrease in page load time can drop conversions by 7%. With competitors just a click away, organizations […] The Five Most Common HTTP Errors According to Google February 28, 2024 Tech Musings Sometimes when you try to visit a web page, you’re met with an HTTP error message. It’s a message from the web server that something went wrong. In some cases it could be a mistake you made, but often it’s the site’s fault. Now, you might wonder, which are the most common HTTP errors that people encounter when they surf the Web? That is the question we’ll answer in this article. Page Load Time vs. Response Time – What Is the Difference? February 28, 2024 Data & Analysis Last updated: February 28, 2024 Page load time and response time are key metrics to monitor, and they can give you an in-depth understanding of how your website is performing. However, the difference between page load time and response time isn’t immediately obvious, and neither are the benefits of tracking them independently. Can gzip Compression Really Improve Web Performance? February 26, 2024 Tips & Tricks Last updated: February 26, 2024 The size of the web is slowly growing. Over the past decade, the average webpage weight grew by 356%, from about 484 KB to 2.205 MB. Considering 800 KB was the average size of a website in 2012, that’s an enormous difference. While it’s true that the global average internet […] Troubleshooting End-User Issues With a DEM Tool November 23, 2023 Digital Experience Monitoring, Website Monitoring In the last decade, businesses have made massive investments in the digital economy with the goal of increasing operational efficiency and improving their customer or end-user experience. However, it isn’t rare for businesses to incur losses due to poor page load speed, failed transactions, or website errors. This is why businesses need to track end-user […] Exploring the Software Behind Facebook, the World’s Largest Social Media Site February 7, 2023 Tech Musings At the scale that Facebook operates, a lot of traditional approaches to serving web content break down or simply aren’t practical. The challenge for Facebook’s engineers has been to keep the site up and running smoothly in spite of handling over two billion active users. This article takes a look at some of the software and techniques they use to accomplish that. The Developer Obsession With Code Names – 200+ Interesting Examples February 6, 2023 Tech Musings Code names can be about secrecy, but when it comes to software development, it’s usually not so much about secrecy as it is about the convenience of having a name for a specific version of the software. It can be very practical to have a unique identifier for a project to get everyone on the […] Web API Monitoring Explained: A Helpful Introductory Guide November 25, 2022 Pingdom Products, Website Monitoring An API, application programming interface, is a collection of tools, protocols, and subroutines that can be used when building software programs or applications. APIs makes software development easier by providing reusable components and a set of clearly defined communication protocols. Recently APIs have come to mean web services, but there are also APIs for software […] User Experience for Observability November 2, 2022 observability Modern software applications involve multiple layers of code and services, working together to meet increasingly demanding user requirements. To achieve this, systems became distributed, providing improved scalability, fault tolerance, and complexity. However, this innovation brought new challenges to basic troubleshooting and performance monitoring to maintain the health of systems. It’s for these reasons that observability […] Announcing SolarWinds Observability November 1, 2022 observability At SolarWinds, we’re constantly thinking ahead to develop observability solutions that evolve with you and that abstract application and IT complexity so that you can deliver an exceptional digital experience for your business. And today, we’re excited to announce – SolarWinds® Observability is here! SolarWinds Observability includes application, infrastructure, database, network, log, and digital experience observability […] The Roblox Outage October 26, 2022 Website Monitoring Just before Halloween 2021, Roblox engineers experienced a horror story: a service outage that also took down critical monitoring systems. It seemed like the issue was a hardware problem, but it wasn’t. Users were frustrated, and the clock was ticking. After three full days of downtime, service was finally restored on Halloween day. Internet Availability Threats Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine September 19, 2022 Website Monitoring Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022, denial-of-service (DoS) attacks impacting availability have been rising. The attacks aren’t only affecting Russia and Ukraine either. Public and private organizations in multiple industries have been impacted, and several nations—including the U.S. and U.K.—have issued warnings about cyberthreats from Russia. User Monitoring on Heroku-Based Apps September 14, 2022 Digital Experience Monitoring Introduction In today’s fast-paced business environment, tech startups are on the rise. Several small- and medium-scale businesses are competing with established companies to showcase their unique digital services. Heroku is a favorite among these businesses and their development teams, as its PaaS provides a ready-to-serve platform for application setup. Developers can deploy the platform easily […] Using SLOs to Increase Software Reliability August 30, 2022 Pingdom Products, Website Monitoring The partnership between Nobl9 and SolarWinds® Pingdom® is the bridge between business and technology everyone’s been waiting for. What Is Nobl9? Nobl9 is a software reliability platform that works with DevOps practitioners, reliability engineers, and now SolarWinds to make you feel more confident in the dependability of your products. By using service-level objectives (SLOs), Nobl9 […] AWS US-EAST-1 Outage… Again August 17, 2022 Pingdom Products, Tech Musings, Website Monitoring AWS is a comprehensive, evolving cloud computing program built to provide IT infrastructure for businesses, and the program has an active user base of roughly 1,000,000 customers. With the massive responsibility of providing services for such a large customer base, it’s important for their services to be reliable and trustworthy. Unfortunately, we recently saw a […] Financial Impact of an Outage June 28, 2022 Website Monitoring In October 2021, the world’s largest social media platform suffered a massive worldwide outage affecting billions of customers. Facebook has a monthly active user base of 2.8 billion users, which increases to 3.5 billion when you include its subsidiaries such as Instagram, WhatsApp, and Oculus. The platform succumbed to a “Gigalapse,” which happens when a […] How to: Comprehensive Monitoring for WordPress Sites May 27, 2022 Digital Experience Monitoring, Website Monitoring It’s funny how even today, in 2022, people still ask me if WordPress is a good choice for a high-traffic website. There are few website-building solutions on the internet as tested as WordPress. And brands like TechCrunch and The New Yorker wouldn’t be hosted on WordPress if traffic was an issue. But here’s the thing: […] Why You Should Monitor Your E-Commerce and How to Start March 4, 2022 Digital Experience Monitoring According to research by the SolarWinds® Pingdom® team, retail and e-commerce sites have plenty of room for improvement, as the global market generated revenues up to US$4.921 trillion in 2021. As more people look to the internet to make purchasing more convenient, online sales will become even more critical to businesses. What does this mean […] How to Optimize Your WordPress Site With Pingdom Real User Monitoring February 25, 2022 Digital Experience Monitoring, Website Monitoring Learn how to capture insights from the end user down to the application To keep their applications and websites available and accessible, today’s businesses put a lot of emphasis on infrastructure monitoring to ensure their servers are healthy and running. Amid the hustle, many companies overlook the need to monitor a different aspect of their […] Pages:1234567...73» RECENT FEATURED POPULAR Webpages Are Getting Larger Every Year, and Here’s Why it Matters Last updated: February 29, 2024 Average size of a webpage matters because it [...] A Beginner’s Guide to Using CDNs Last updated: February 28, 2024 Websites have become larger and more complex [...] The Five Most Common HTTP Errors According to Google Last updated: February 28, 2024 Sometimes when you try to visit a web page, [...] Page Load Time vs. Response Time – What Is the Difference? Last updated: February 28, 2024 Page load time and response time are key met [...] Can gzip Compression Really Improve Web Performance? Last updated: February 26, 2024 The size of the web is slowly growing. Over [...] Web Transaction Monitoring Made Easy Providing a Seamless Digital Experience Customer engagement with your company’ [...] Web Application Monitoring During a Crisis By Leigh Brown In February, we wrote about how major live sporting events in Ma [...] The Expensive History of APM By Patrick Hubbard, SolarWinds Head Geek When done well, application performanc [...] How Web Application Monitoring Is Changing By Patrick Hubbard, SolarWinds Head Geek The Web Performance Monitoring Do-Over [...] 6 Key Page Speed Monitoring Practices to Enhance User Experience As anyone with some experience running web applications will tell you, page spee [...] Web Decade in Review 2020 Let’s look back at the highs and lows from 2010 to 2019. From the viral Double [...] 5 Reasons It’s Financial Ruin If You’re Not Monitoring Your Online Business Poor digital experience can kill your business. 57% of shoppers have left a slow [...] Web Application Monitoring Best Practices During Peak Online Shopping Seasonality in E-Commerce Comes in Many Forms Many e-commerce sites deal with se [...] What to Do When Your Site is Down Being notified by a customer, friend, or someone outside your office that a webs [...] Announcing the Pingdom API 3.1 APIs make the world a bit smarter. They help us improve and extend what others h [...] The Five Most Common HTTP Errors According to Google Last updated: February 28, 2024 Sometimes when you try to visit a web page, [...] Exploring the Software Behind Facebook, the World’s Largest Social Media Site At the scale that Facebook operates, several traditional approaches to serving w [...] Web Transaction Monitoring Made Easy Providing a Seamless Digital Experience Customer engagement with your company’ [...] Web Application Monitoring During a Crisis By Leigh Brown In February, we wrote about how major live sporting events in Ma [...] Web Decade in Review 2020 Let’s look back at the highs and lows from 2010 to 2019. From the viral Double [...] The History of Computer Data Storage, in Pictures Nowadays we are used to having hundreds of gigabytes of storage capacity in our [...] Report: Social network demographics in 2017 A while back we delivered a report on social media demographics as they stood in [...] Web Performance of the World’s Top 50 E-Commerce Sites By now you all know that we just love measuring and analyzing the performance o [...] Web Performance of the World’s Top 50 Blogs We love to measure and analyze the web performance of sites here on the Royal Pi [...] Pingdom Year in Review 2015 In 2015 the interest for web performance and availability soared to new heights. [...] Monitor your website’s uptime and performance With Pingdom's website monitoring you are always the first to know when your site is in trouble, and as a result you are making the Internet faster and more reliable. Nice, huh? START YOUR FREE 30-DAY TRIAL Categories Data & Analysis Digital Experience Monitoring DigitalOcean Engineering Events observability Pingdom News Pingdom Products Tech Musings Tips & Tricks Uncategorized Website Monitoring Pingdom Friends Solarwinds Cloud AppOptics Papertrail Start monitoring for free GET IN TOUCH + 1-855-679-0753 Contact Support Contact Sales PRODUCT Synthetic Monitoring Real User Monitoring Pingdom Tools Pricing Solution Finder RESOURCES API Guided Tour Tutorials Webhooks Even more Pingdom plugins, apps and add-ons Datasheet Knowledge Base COVID-19 Resource Center COMPANY About Us Contact Us Careers Blog Pingdom History Our Customers GDPR Resources SolarWinds Subscription Center GET IN TOUCH + 1-855-679-0753 Contact Support Contact Sales PRODUCT Synthetic Monitoring Real User Monitoring Pingdom Tools Pricing Solution Finder RESOURCES API Guided Tour Tutorials Webhooks Even more Pingdom plugins, apps and add-ons Datasheet Knowledge Base COVID-19 Resource Center COMPANY About Us Contact Us Careers Blog Pingdom History Our Customers GDPR Resources SolarWinds Subscription Center Legal Documents | California Privacy Rights | Security Information © 2024 SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC. All rights reserved.