Simplemost | Helping make the most out of life Search Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter About Newsletter Menu Simplemost Good News Acts of Kindness Animals Heroes Viral Stories Food Desserts Recipes New Food Flavors Entertainment Celebrities Movies & TV Music Books Home Cleaning & Organization DIY & Improvement Gardening Travel Air Travel Cruises Trains Shopping Gift Ideas Reviews Good News Acts of Kindness Animals Heroes Viral Stories Food Desserts Recipes New Food Flavors Entertainment Celebrities Movies & TV Music Books Home Cleaning & Organization DIY & Improvement Gardening Travel Air Travel Cruises Trains Shopping Gift Ideas Reviews About Newsletter Celebrities Taylor Swift is related to poet Emily Dickinson Taylor Swift is related to legendary poet Emily Dickinson. Swift seems to have paid homage to her famous relative on multiple occasions. Read More Life Watch this father-daughter dance that caught all the wedding guests off guard A viral video on TikTok shows a choreographed father-daughter dance that has become a special memory for everyone involved. Read More Wellness & Fitness How to pick the most comfortable walking shoes for women If you like to walk a lot, you need a good pair of walking shoes. Here's what you should look for and some good products to buy. Read More Food Why you shouldn't slice the mold off a loaf of bread and eat the rest If your bread has started sprouting mold, it's tempting to just cut off the moldy bits and keep the rest. But science says that's a bad idea. Read More Curiosity What an elephant statue in someone's house means Do you know someone who has an elephant statue inside their house? That figurine might be bringing them luck and fortune. Read More Pets These are the fruits that are safe (and not safe) for your dog to eat We reached out to a pair of experts in veterinary medicine to find out which common fruits are safe for dogs to eat and which to avoid. Read More Viral Watch the viral Irish stepdancing video set to Beyoncé’s ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ The Gardiner Brothers, known for their stepdance interpretations of popular songs, have gone viral again with a 'Texas Hold 'Em' dance. Read More Pets Watch Jon Stewart's heartbreaking eulogy for his dog Jon Stewart delivers an emotional speech about his dog who passed away, accompanied by a clip of his beloved canine playing in the snow. Read More Food 5 fruits you shouldn't refrigerate To make sure your fresh fruits ripen perfectly and last as long as possible, you should avoid refrigerating these five fruits. Read More Latest Posts Bald eagle parents bicker over who gets to keep the eggs warm in viral live cam I Tried the Brickit app for building Legos and here's how it went. See the new DreamWorks Land attractions opening at Universal Studios My kids love this Target shopping cart toy that lets them twin with me These are the best dates for seeing Washington, D.C.’s cherry blossoms in 2024 You can now stream the ‘Mean Girls’ musical movie at home This library will let you pay your fines with cat pictures Watch Idina Menzel sing 'Happy Birthday' to Adele Dazeem on Oscars anniversary 19 gifts that will help a messy person get more organized The best GPS trackers for seniors Watch the new trailer for Taylor Swift's extended version of ‘Eras Tour’ for Disney+ How to crochet these adorable Peeps-inspired bunnies for Easter DIY disco ball eggs will add sparkle to your Easter celebrations 10 recipes to make with overripe bananas (besides banana bread) Family uncovers hidden WWII bomb shelter under paving stone in their garden HOT PRODUCTS LEGO Vincent van Gogh - The Starry Night $150 at Walmart $170 at LEGO Sun Joe 14.5-Amp Electric Pressure Washer $129 at Amazon Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream $25 at Walmart Save $50 on JetBlue flights right nowGet a free can of Reese’s iced coffee for daylight saving timeEasy ways to update your home on a budgetKrispy Kreme is giving away free doughnuts on Super Tuesday, March 5 Shopping Made Simple Take a look inside this viral tiny house that you can buy on Amazon A spacious, easy-to-assemble tiny house is going viral on TikTok, and you can buy it yourself from Amazon with just one click. A cute Stitch Lego with moving ears and head just launched If you're a fan of Disney's 'Lilo and Stitch,' you're going to love this upcoming Lego, which captures Experiment 626's likeness quite well. The 2024 spring nail trends you should try If you love a DIY manicure, these expert driven 2024 spring nail trends will give you plenty of ideas for your next nail look. Do lash growth serums actually work? Find out from two doctors whether lash growth serums actually work, and check out some of the lash growth serums on the market. This Amazon stain remover gets out all my kids' clothing stains Kids' clothing stains are difficult to remove, but this Amazon stain remover is about to cut through everything from chocolate to ink. 19 gifts for people who love sleep more than life itself If you know someone (or are someone) who can't wait to crawl back into bed at the end of the day, these sleep-themed gifts are must-buys. How to stay safe in a hotel room Staying in a hotel? This hotel room safety guide includes tips and helpful security products to pack and use during your stay. When and where to get the new Owala colors Are you ready for the new Owala colors? They perfectly match the seasons and some say they're better than Stanley cups. How to sleep on a plane (yes, it can be done) These tips from experts will teach you how to sleep on plane if you're really hoping to catch some shut-eye on your next flight. Life Hacks Easy ways to increase the humidity in your home without buying a humidifier How to clean white shoes made of any material Why you should include your freezer in your laundry routine How to warm up your cold floors without carpet How to organize a closet according to professional organizers Here's the best way to clean a glass stovetop How to clean your suede shoes The items flight attendants take on every flight Simplemost Simplemost is a lifestyle brand owned by E.W. Scripps. We provide uplifting stories in the home, life, entertainment, travel and food categories. Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter About About Simplemost Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Scripps Media Trust Center Don't Waste Your Money Reviews RSS Feed Subscribe Want more good news delivered right to your inbox? Sign up for our Lighter Notes newsletter for a weekly roundup feel-good stories, money-saving tips and and simple solutions to make life a little easier! Email Address Simplemost Media is a E.W. Scripps Company brand Copyright 2024 © Simplemost, All Rights Reserved.