Online Appointment Scheduling Software - Acuity Scheduling Pricing Help Log in Try scheduling Close Pricing Help Log in Try scheduling Flexible scheduling software to help you succeed With seamless client scheduling, secure payments, and workflow automation, all you have to do is show up on time. Try scheduling No credit card needed Watch the film Control your availability with ease Tools to help you schedule and earn on your own terms–customize exactly how and when clients can book with you, host virtual appointments or classes, and block off personal time. Enable automated appointment booking Seamlessly manage multiple locations and let clients easily cancel or reschedule their own appointments. Send automated receipts as well as reminder notifications throughout the scheduling process to keep clients prompt. Grow your customer base and keep them engaged Create custom intake forms to streamline and personalize your customer experience. Use powerful loyalty tools to drive business growth and keep customers coming back. Protect your time and maximize your income Get peace of mind with no-show protection tools like storing credit cards and secure deposits. Seamlessly offer recurring subscriptions, packages, and gift cards to up your earnings. Automated booking, built to save you time Get a branded scheduling page that showcases your services and real-time availability. With easy payment and intake forms, your scheduler is everything your clients need to self-schedule appointments. Appointment software that adapts to your business Free up time in your day with scheduling tools tailored to your needs Education and Tutoring Tutoring Language training Show more... Tutoring Language training Test preparation Financial, Public and Legal Services Tax firm Law firm Show more... Tax firm Law firm Consulting Higher education Pet Care and Grooming Veterinary services Pet grooming Show more... Veterinary services Pet grooming Dog Training & walking Automotive and Maintenance Auto & bike repair Cleaning & organizing Show more... Auto & bike repair Cleaning & organizing Home construction & inspection Health and Medical Optometry Pharmacy Show more... Optometry Pharmacy Mental health therapy Nutritional counseling Med spa Coaching and Experts Photography services Performance arts lessons Show more... Photography services Performance arts lessons Life coaching Spiritual coaching Hair, Nails and Beauty Services Hair stylist Nail & wax salon Show more... Hair stylist Nail & wax salon Lash extension Tattoo Studio Spa and Wellness Spa and Skin Care Massage Therapy Show more... Spa and Skin Care Massage Therapy Acupuncture Meditation Reiki Therapy Fitness and Sports Training Personal Training Pilates Show more... Personal Training Pilates Yoga Sports lessons Delight clients with robust booking and payment tools Seamless booking experience Allow client self-scheduling Customize the booking page to match your brand Send automated appointment notifications and reminders Set clear time zones and locations (multiple time zones available on our Powerhouse plan) Require clients to accept cancellation policies and terms Relationship-building tools Send automated appointment follow-ups over text or email (Text feature available on our Growing Plan+) Create custom intake forms and policies Store important information in client profiles Build customer loyalty with coupons, discounts, and subscriptions Offer appointment packages including payment plans (available on our Growing Plan+) Easy and secure client payment options Keep a card on file for no-show protection Offer flexible and convenient client payment integrations (Stripe, Square, PayPal) Add options for prepayment, tipping, and deposits Create invoices and receipts Upsell with appointment checkout add-ons Easy scheduling management, so you can focus on your passion Schedule your way with flexible availability tools Limit when clients book and cancel appointments Prevent appointment overload by setting a maximum daily appointment limit Schedule different types of appointments within specific time slots Create recurring appointments Offer virtual appointments Easy multi-location management Calendar and staff management to streamline your day Manage staff, permissions and available resources Stay on track using all-in-one calendar management and syncing Feel confident with built-in HIPAA compliance (available on our Powerhouse plan) Offer and manage classes, workshops, or group events Use the mobile app to run your business on the go Get advanced reporting about appointments, no shows, and performance Tools to grow your client reach Easily share your booking page on your website or directly with clients Build a powerful web presence with Squarespace Livestream classes from anywhere Instagram, Google, and Facebook integrations to accept bookings anywhere Integrate with MailChimp, AWeber, and other email providers Integrate with powerful third-party apps. Knowing your name is only the beginning. Our global award-winning team of real (awesome) humans proudly support over 250,000 customers. Whatever you need, we'll be there to help you take over the world, one problem-solving conversation at a time. Visit Help Center Contact Support Webinars Blog English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Quick Links Home Plans & Sign up Enterprise Help & Support Acuity Certified Experts Build a website API Documentation Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Uptime Imprint Quick Links Home Plans & Sign up Enterprise Help & Support Acuity Certified Experts Build a website » API Documentation Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Uptime Imprint Follow Follow Blog Instagram Twitter Stay In Touch Stay In Touch Contact Us