Official Site | Norton™ - Antivirus & Anti-Malware Software My Account My Account Go to Account to download services Go to account Sign In Account info Preferences Billing info Renew Order history Enter your Product Key United States Search Consumer Consumer All Products & Services All-in-One Plans Norton 360 Deluxe Norton 360 with LifeLock Select Norton 360 with LifeLock Advantage Norton 360 with LifeLock Ultimate Plus Antivirus Norton Antivirus Plus Norton 360 Standard Norton 360 for Gamers Norton Mobile Security for Android Norton Mobile Security for iOS Privacy See all Privacy Plans Norton Secure VPN Norton AntiTrack Privacy Monitor Assistant LifeLock Identity Protection Partner with Us Norton Genie NEW More Norton Business Blog Support Support Customer Support Community Spyware & Virus Removal Premium Services How to Renew Try Free Try Free Free Trials Free Tools United States Search My Account My Account Go to Account to download services Go to account Sign In Account info Preferences Billing info Renew Order history Enter your Product Key Country/Region Selection Please select your country/region Americas Argentina Brasil Canada (English) Canada (Français) Caribbean (English) Caribe (Español) Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Hispanoamérica México Panamá Perú Puerto Rico (English) United States Uruguay Venezuela Europe, Middle East & Africa België (Nederlands) Belgique (Français) Česko Danmark Deutschland España Estonia (English) France Iceland (English) Ireland (English) Israel (English) Italia Latvia (English) Lithuania (English) Luxembourg (Français) Magyarország Nederland Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Schweiz (Deutsch) Suisse (Français) Svizzera (Italiano) South Africa Suomi Sverige Türkiye United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom Ελλάδα Россия Asia & Pacific Australia Cambodia (English) Hong Kong (English) 香港 India (English) Indonesia (English) Malaysia (English) New Zealand Philippines (English) Singapore (English) Thailand (English) Vietnam (English) 대한민국 中国 台灣 日本 Meet Norton Genie, a free personal scam detection tool powered by A.I. Try Genie Trusted by Millions Save up to 58%* Get easy-to-use, easy-to-install antivirus protection against advanced online threats. Plus online privacy and ID theft protection with select plans. Get Started For the first year. Savings compared to the renewal price. Offer details below.* Compare plans. Norton AntiVirus Plus Annual $59.99 first yr. See subscription details below.* Get AntiVirus Plus 1 PC, Mac, tablet, or phone Antivirus, malware, ransomware, and hacking protection 100% Virus Protection Promise2 2GB Cloud Backup‡‡, 4 Password Manager Norton 360 Standard Annual $94.99 first yr. See subscription details below.* Get Standard 3 PCs, Macs, tablets, or phones Antivirus, malware, ransomware, and hacking protection 100% Virus Protection Promise2 2GB Cloud Backup‡‡, 4 Password Manager VPN private internet connection Dark Web Monitoring§ Best value Norton 360 Deluxe Annual $119.99 first yr. See subscription details below.* Get Deluxe 5 PCs, Macs, tablets, or phones Antivirus, malware, ransomware, and hacking protection 100% Virus Protection Promise2 50GB Cloud Backup‡‡, 4 Password Manager VPN private internet connection Dark Web Monitoring§ Privacy Monitor Parental Control‡ Norton 360 with LifeLock Select Annual $179.99 first yr. See subscription details below.* Get Select 10 PCs, Macs, tablets, or phones Antivirus, malware, ransomware, and hacking protection 100% Virus Protection Promise2 250GB Cloud Backup‡‡, 4 Password Manager VPN private internet connection Dark Web Monitoring§ Privacy Monitor Parental Control‡ LifeLock identity theft protection Find what fits your digital life. Features may differ depending on your chosen plan. Screen modified for demonstration purposes. Norton™ 360 with LifeLock™ Plans Devices + online privacy + identity protection Help block hackers from your devices, keep your online activity private and protect your identity, all-in-one. It’s never been easier. Get started Norton™ 360 Plans Devices + online privacy protection Device security helps block hackers and Norton Secure VPN helps you keep your online activity private. Get started Norton™ Secure VPN Plan Online privacy protection Norton Secure VPN helps block hackers from seeing what you do online, over public or even home Wi-Fi. Get started Norton 360 for Gamers Protection for PC gaming Multiple layers of protection for your devices, game accounts and digital assets. Level up Trusted by millions of customers. Norton technology blocks thousands of threats every minute. Count on decades of experience and a proven track record of keeping people safer every day. Get the protection you and your family need in one place. A trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Used under license. Reprinted with permission. © 2022 Ziff Davis, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Best of the Year awarded in 2021. AAA Rating in Consumer Endpoint Protection from SE Labs, Jan-Dec 2021. AV-TEST, “Best Protection and Best Performance” Norton 360, Jan-Dec 2021. No one can prevent all cybercrime or identity theft. * Important Subscription, Pricing and Offer Details: Renewal prices for certain plans will increase effective April 1, 2024. Review the new pricing here: Norton 360 Premium $144.99 Details: subscription contracts begin when the transaction is complete and are subject to our Terms of Sale and License & Services Agreement. For trials, a payment method is required at sign-up and will be charged at the end of the trial period, unless cancelled first. Renewal: subscriptions automatically renew unless the renewal is cancelled before billing. Renewal payments are billed annually (up to 35 days before renewal) or monthly depending on your billing cycle. Annual subscribers will receive an email with the renewal price beforehand. Renewal prices may be higher than the initial price and are subject to change. You can cancel the renewal as described here in your account or by contacting us here or at 844-488-4540. Cancellation & Refund: you can cancel your contracts and get a full refund within 14 days of initial purchase for monthly subscriptions, and within 60 days of payments for annual subscriptions. For details, visit our Cancellation & Refund Policy. To cancel your contract or request a refund, click here. 2 Virus Protection Promise: To be eligible, you must have a qualifying subscription with automatic renewal. If a Norton expert is unable to remove the virus from your device, then you may receive a refund based on the actual price paid for the current term of your qualifying subscription. If you have a bundle (a qualifying subscription from Norton purchased with either another offering from Norton, or a third party offering), your refund will be limited to the Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price of only your qualifying subscription for the current term, not to exceed the total bundled price paid. Any refund will be net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable. The refund does not apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses. See Norton.com/guarantee for complete details. 4 Cloud Backup features are only available on Windows (excluding Windows in S mode, Windows running on ARM processor). ‡ Norton Family/Parental Control can only be installed and used on a child’s Windows™ PC, iOS and Android™ device but not all features are available on all platforms. Parents can monitor and manage their child’s activities from any device – Windows PC (excluding Windows in S mode), Mac, iOS and Android – via our mobile apps, or by signing into their account at my.Norton.com and selecting Parental Control via any browser. Mobile app must be downloaded separately. The iOS app is available in all except these countries. Popular browsers are supported, including Chrome, Edge, and FireFox. Parental Control portal access is not supported on Internet Explorer. On iOS and Android, the in-app Norton Browser must be used to get the full benefit of the features. ‡‡ Requires your device to have an Internet/data plan and be turned on. § Dark Web Monitoring is not available in all countries. Monitored information varies based on country of residence or choice of plan. It defaults to monitor your email address and begins immediately. Sign in to your account to enter more information for monitoring. Δ 24/7 Support is available in English only. See https://www.norton.com/globalsupport. The Norton and LifeLock Brands are part of Gen. LifeLock identity theft protection is not available in all countries. Copyright © 2024 Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved. Gen trademarks or registered trademarks are property of Gen Digital Inc. or its affiliates. Firefox is a trademark of Mozilla Foundation. Android, Google Chrome, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, LLC. Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Microsoft and the Window logo are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Promo Code Apply Enter a promocode and click "Apply" Products Norton AntiVirus Plus Norton 360 Deluxe Norton 360 for Gamers Norton 360 with LifeLock Select Norton 360 with LifeLock Ultimate Plus Norton Secure VPN Norton AntiTrack Norton Family Norton Mobile Security for Android Norton Mobile Security for iOS Norton Utilities Ultimate Norton Driver Updater Norton Small Business Norton Genie Norton Private Browser Product Features Norton 360 Comparison Antivirus Windows 10 Antivirus Windows 11 Antivirus Virus Removal Malware Protection Cloud Backup Safe Web Safe Search Windows 10 VPN Smart Firewall Password Manager Parental Control Privacy Monitor SafeCam Dark Web Monitoring Identity Lock Services & Support Norton Services Norton Computer Tune Up Norton Ultimate Help Desk Spyware and Virus Removal Norton Device Care Norton Support Norton Update Center How to Renew About About Norton Blog Community Free Trials Free Tools Sign In Company Partner with Us LifeLock by Norton ReputationDefender by Norton Legal Terms of Use Privacy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data Accessibility Policy System Status Copyright © 2024 Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved.