Home — Syracuse University News Skip to main content Home About Faculty Experts For The Media ’Cuse Conversations Podcast Topics Alumni Events Faculty Students All Topics Contact Submit Search for: All News Arts & Culture Business & Economy Campus & Community Health & Society Media, Law & Policy STEM Veterans University Statements | The Peel Athletics Sections All News Arts & Culture Business & Economy Campus & Community Health & Society Media, Law & Policy STEM Veterans University Statements | The Peel Athletics Home About Faculty Experts For The Media ’Cuse Conversations Podcast Topics Alumni Events Faculty Students All Topics Contact Submit Search for: Syracuse University News STEM Successful Computer Innovator Kwang G. Tan G’73 Gives Back to Support Students, Faculty, Campus Initiatives Monday, March 4, 2024, By John Boccacino Table tennis is a game of both force and angles. The goal is to strike the ball past your opponent by taking advantage of the observable angles and opportunities. Devising a plan of attack for problems known and unknown. Predicting... Subscribe to SU Today If you need help with your subscription, contact sunews@syr.edu. Connect With Us X Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Social Media Directory For the Media Find an Expert Follow @SyracuseUNews Featured Stories Campus & Community University Officially Opens New Building for Syracuse University Dick Clark Los Angeles Program (In Photos) Monday, March 4, 2024, By Kathleen Haley Campus & Community History Professor David Bennett’s ’56 Ties to Men’s Basketball Program Span Generations Thursday, February 29, 2024, By John Boccacino Campus & Community Success Scholars Program Recognizes Academic Achievements of First-Year Students Friday, March 1, 2024, By Wendy S. Loughlin All News Stories Recent Stories Campus & Community Faculty and Staff Parking During Spring 2024 Dome Events Campus & Community Reimagined Syracuse.edu Enhances User Experience Campus & Community Special Collections Research Center Accepting Proposals for 2025-26 Faculty Fellows Program STEM Physics Faculty and Students Mining for Neutrino Answers Campus & Community ECS Alumni Establish Scholarship to Honor Professor C.Y. Roger Chen All Recent Stories Faculty Experts Courtney Mauldin Assistant Professor Vlad Dima Professor and Chair of the Department of African American Studies Brian Taylor Professor in the Political Science Department Ellyn Riley Associate Professor of Communication Sciences and Disorders J. Christopher Hamilton Assistant Professor, Television, Radio & Film Lynne Vincent Assistant Professor of Management Michael J. Williams Associate Professor, Public Administration and International Affairs Danielle Smith Director of the Renée Crown University Honors Program, Professor of African American Studies Faculty members at Syracuse University are available for expert commentary and analysis of breaking news and ongoing issues in the media landscape. Please contact the Syracuse University Media Relations team to set up interviews or for any questions about possible experts. Find an Expert Student Spotlight Campus & Community Success Scholars Program Recognizes Academic Achievements of First-Year Students Friday, March 1, 2024, By Wendy S. Loughlin First-year students and transfer students in their first year who have already achieved academic success at the University were honored at the Success Scholars reception Feb. 23. The Success Scholars program recognizes new students who earned a GPA of 3.75… Campus & Community New Study Away Opportunity for Athletes Will Be Offered in Los Angeles This Spring Wednesday, February 28, 2024, By Wendy S. Loughlin A new study away opportunity for student-athletes will be offered this year as a Maymester course in Los Angeles. The course, Networking and the Art of the Pitch, was developed by Rachel Dubrofsky, chair of communication and rhetorical studies (CRS)… Campus & Community Student, University Volunteers Build 44 Beds for Community Children in Need Monday, February 26, 2024, By Diane Stirling The number 44 holds a special significance on the Syracuse University campus, and in true University fashion, 44 children in the City of Syracuse will soon receive new beds and bedding—some for the first time—through a project that has touched… Campus & Community Applications Open for New York Business Plan Competition 2024 Friday, February 23, 2024, By Cristina Hatem The New York Business Plan Competition (NYBPC), powered by Upstate Capital, is currently accepting applications through Friday, March 1, from graduate and undergraduate students across Central New York colleges and universities for the regional qualifier in Central New York. This… Campus & Community Men of Color Initiative: A Brotherhood That Lifts Up, Supports Its Members Tuesday, February 20, 2024, By John Boccacino “Each One, Teach One.” This powerful African proverb emphasizes how, after someone learns to read or write, they have an obligation and a responsibility to pass that knowledge on to someone else, thus spreading wisdom and education throughout their city… Campus & Community Maxwell Students, Alumni Named Finalists for the 2024 Presidential Management Fellows Program Monday, February 26, 2024, By Jessica Youngman Three current students in the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs and four recent Maxwell alumni have been selected as finalists for the highly competitive 2024 Presidential Management Fellowship Program. Administered by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, the… Campus & Community Falk College Sport Analytics Students Advance to National Championship in Dallas Tuesday, February 20, 2024, By Matt Michael Four students from the Falk College of Sport and Human Dynamics‘ sport analytics program will travel to Dallas, Texas, Feb. 21-22 to compete in the AXS National Collegiate Sports Analytics Championship and defend Syracuse’s national title. Seniors Collin Kneiss, Nicholas… Arts & Culture College of Visual and Performing Arts Announces 2024 VPA Scholars Sunday, February 18, 2024, By Erica Blust Twelve seniors in the College of Visual and Performing Arts (VPA) have been named VPA Scholars, the college’s highest undergraduate academic honor. The VPA Scholars program was established to recognize the achievements of the college’s top seniors. Students are selected… Campus & Community Falk Students Honored for Research Achievement Thursday, February 15, 2024, By Valerie Pietra Falk College boasts a robust, collaborative research community in which students play an active role. At Falk, graduate and undergraduate students have the opportunity to work directly with faculty to collect data, analyze findings and draw conclusions on relevant topics… Campus & Community Addressing Belonging Among Neurodiverse Students, ‘Dialog’ Wins No Code Design Sprint Wednesday, February 14, 2024, By Martin Walls Dialog, an application to increase a sense of belonging on campus for students with disabilities, won the fast-paced, seven-day No Code Design Sprint, hosted by Syracuse University Libraries, the College of Visual and Performing Arts (VPA), and School of Education… All Student Spotlights Featured Videos STEM Women in Science and Engineering Rise Together, Build the Future Thursday, February 8, 2024, By News Staff Each year, on Feb. 11, the International Day of Women and Girls in Science shines a light on the vital contributions of women to the scientific landscape. Despite historical underrepresentation in STEM fields, women are breaking barriers, driven by a… Arts & Culture Hendricks Chapel Choir, Syracuse University Wind Ensemble Pay Tribute to Pan Am 103 Victims on UK Performance Tour Thursday, November 2, 2023, By Kelly Homan Rodoski This past spring, the voices of members of the Hendricks Chapel Choir and the notes played by the Syracuse University Wind Ensemble floated through various spaces in the United Kingdom—from urban St. Paul’s Church in London’s Covent Garden, to rural… All Videos Featured Media Coverage Media Tip Sheets Russian Invasion of Ukraine: Two Years Later Media Tip Sheets Experts Discuss Carlson-Putin Interview Media Tip Sheets No Ally Pays Any Bill Media Tip Sheets Pandemic Journaling Project makes new home at Syracuse University Media Tip Sheets Cicadas Are Coming. Biology Professor Breaks Down What to Expect All Media Coverage Syracuse Views Syracuse Views Spring 2024 Saturday, January 20, 2024, By Christine Grabowski Syracuse Views Fall 2023 Wednesday, November 29, 2023, By Christine Grabowski Syracuse Views Summer 2023 Monday, August 14, 2023, By Christine Grabowski Syracuse Views Spring 2023 Wednesday, May 10, 2023, By Christine Grabowski Syracuse Views Fall 2022 Tuesday, December 6, 2022, By News Staff All Syracuse Views Events Service of Commemoration Tuesday, March 19 The annual Service of Commemoration seeks to honor Syracuse University students, faculty, staff, retirees, trustees, and also State University of New York (SUNY) College of Environmental Science and Forestry (ESF) students who have recently passed away. This program provides an opportunity for our campus community to pause, reflect, acknowledge all that has been lost, and be placed on a collective path for shared renewal. Full Calendar @SyracuseU @SyracuseUNews Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn @SyracuseU @SyracuseUNews Social Media Directory Accessibility Privacy Campus Status Syracuse.edu © 2024 Syracuse University News. All Rights Reserved.