Yotpo | eCommerce Retention Marketing Platform Platform The Platform Retention Marketing Platform Access shared data, connected experiences & retention tracking Our Integrations Platform in Action Product Releases Hub Our Products SMS Reach shoppers anywhere with mobile experiences that convert. Reviews & UGC Collect and display customer content across the buyer journey. Loyalty & Referrals Create custom-tailored loyalty and referral programs. Subscriptions Boost recurring revenue with easy-to-add subscription offerings. Email Drive more engagement with personalized, eye-catching emails. Ready to see how itall works? Get a demo Customers Our Customers Case Studies Find out what our customers love about our platform. Inspiration Gallery See how industry-leading brands use Yotpo. Customer Success Meet the team that ensures you get the most out of Yotpo. Winning with Yotpo DIME Beauty Sees Retention Skyrocket With Yotpo Enterprise Pricing Resources Learn Retention Resources Learn how to drive retention rates through the roof. Ebooks & Guides Deep dive into all the essential topics about retention. Yotpo Blog Get the latest news and insights from the team at Yotpo. Free Tools Analyze, calculate & generate with our free retention tools. Videos & Webinars Watch video tutorials from eCommerce retention experts. Connect Contact us Help Center Yotpo Community Become a Partner Careers Celebrate Amazing Women in eCommerce Highlighting the amazing women pushing our industry forward. Yotpo RX Accelerating incredible Black and Indigenous-owned brands. Log in Log in Get a demo Get a demo Be the marketer you can be with Platform SMS Loyalty & Referrals Reviews & UGC Visual UGC Subscriptions Email Turn one-time shoppers into customers for life and maximize customer value with Yotpo’s Retention Marketing Platform. Get a demo Yotpo Powers the World’s Most Innovative Brands The building blocks to create customers for life Our reviews, SMS and email, loyalty and referrals, and subscriptions products spark engagement and increase retention — all in one place. #1 SMS marketing app on SMS Marketing Drive sales and make instant connections through text messages customers actually read. Explore more Product logo / Logo / SMS New Email Marketing Create personalized email experiences that drive sales and boost customer lifetime value. Explore more Product logo / Logo / Email Subscriptions Boost recurring revenue by offering convenience at the click of a button. Explore more Product logo / Logo / Subscriptions Reviews & UGC Enhance your site with AI-driven displays of quality reviews and customizable galleries. Explore more Product logo / Logo / Reviews Loyalty & Referrals Motivate customers with rewards and turn them into brand advocates. Explore more Product logo / Logo / Loyalty A platform built to drive more sales from repeat shoppers We put all your retention solutions on one platform, so you can create seamless post-purchase journeys tailored to each customer and track performance — allowing you to see what drives your retention forward, and take action to optimize. See how Get a demo Don’t just take our word for it.Meet our brands. + 2 X CLTV with Yotpo and 83% repurchase rate via redeemers “It’s everything the team needs to optimise our retention strategy and post-purchase experience. Synergizing the different tools is really easy and efficient.” James Reu, Ecommerce Manager at LSKD Read more + 25 K 5-star reviews and an above average order-to-review conversion rate "Brooklinen wouldn't be what it is without our customers, and we need to know how they feel about us so we can create better, more positive experiences." Jack Lorentzen, Senior Associate at Brooklinen Read more + 43 % MoM subscriber growth and millions in sales since launch “Being able to send personalized messages throughout the loyalty customer lifecycle has helped us retain our customers and build up our SMS community.” Kim Zorn Head of Performance at Princess Polly Read more + 253 X ROI from Loyalty-SMS flows and 3X CTR on VUGC “There are so many opportunities to tailor promotions based on the shared data in Yotpo’s platform. We can send a text to just one loyalty tier and also offer a segmented promotion.” Callie Tivnan, eCommerce Manager at Barefaced Read more + 8 X ROI from loyalty and 44% increase in AOV from loyalty members "The performance of RevRewards was better than what we modeled. Look at the LTV for the best customers; members are shopping nearly four times a year." Sally Minto, Digital Director at Revolution Beauty Read more + 80 % redeemer repeat purchase rate and 5x orders from loyalty & SMS customers “We feel like we have a strategic partner that we can leverage for guidance. If you want to focus on retention, go with the Yotpo platform and best-in-class products.” Gian Singh, eCommerce Director at PSD Underwear Read more + 20 % increase in CLTV and 89X SMS program ROI “We leverage both Reviews and SMS alongside subscriptions. Knowing that we can leverage the tools from one product into another is transformative for retention!” Kaben Kramer, Owner at Tenderly Rooted Read more + 56 % of all sales are from engaged shoppers who have interacted with reviews "Yotpo has been vital in understanding, do people like this product? Are they engaging with this product in the way that we want them to?" Tom Montgomery, Co-founder & CMO at Chubbies Read more Marketing that actually moves the needle on LTV. LTV revenue CVR Get a demo Increase repeat purchases Use perfectly-timed engagements and rewards that are tailored to each customer to boost LTV and drive repeat purchase rates through the roof. Drive repeat shopper sales From AOV to recurring revenue, Yotpo has a range of ways to grow revenue — and our goal is for 50% of your sales to come from repeat shoppers. Maximize conversion rates Convert more shoppers with authentic content that alleviates hesitation, rewards that motivate, and messaging that creates a sense of urgency. See it in action with Yotpo products SMS Loyalty & Referrals Boost repeat purchases with rewards reminders Read more Loyalty & Referrals Incentivize customers to buy from new categories Read more SMS Win back +18% more customers with SMS Read more SMS Reviews & UGC Recover +33% abandoned carts with SMS & Reviews Read more SMS Use SMS to give personalized product recommendations Read more Loyalty & Referrals Give double rewards to promote new product releases Read more Reviews & UGC Answer shopper questions with Q&A Read more Visual UGC Convince shoppers to buy with Instagram galleries Read more Reviews & UGC Increase conversion from emails with reviews Read more Read the latest from Yotpo ProductPlatform SMS Reviews & UGC Loyalty & Referrals Subscriptions Email Product Releases Hub Integrations Supported eCommerce Platforms Enterprise Google Partnership Walmart Syndication Pricing ResourcesRetention Resources Blog Videos & Webinars Inspiration Gallery Case Studies Ultimate eCommerce Product Page Guide Loyalty ROI Calculator SMS Marketing Examples eCommerce Retention Course Google Shopping Guide Fan Favorites Use Cases PartnershipsBecome a Partner Connect with an Agency Partner Portal Agency Partner Program Guide Partner Awards SMS Managed Services Build an Integration Integration Developer Terms CompanyAbout Yotpo Contact us Careers Request a Demo Customer Success Destination:D2C Conference Amazing Women in eCommerce SupportContact Support Community Help Center Accessibility Statement API Documentation API Changelog Yotpo Status Get a demo Terms of Service Terms of Use Security Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Accessibility