The Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate Governance | The leading online blog in the fields of corporate governance and financial regulation. Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate Governance Home About Archive Categories Contributors Hiring Blogroll Time to rethink talent in the boardroom Posted by Jo Iwasaki, Karen Edelman, and Yasmine Chahed, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, on Tuesday, March 5, 2024 AI, Boardroom, Generative AI, talent, Talent agenda, Talent strategyMore from: Jo Iwasaki, Karen Edelman, Yasmine Chahed, DeloitteJo Iwasaki is Corporate Governance Advisory Lead, Karen Edelman is Senior Editor, and Yasmine Chahed is an Independent Research Consultant at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. This post is based on a Deloitte memorandum by Ms. Iwasaki, Ms. Edelman, Ms. Chahed, Karen Bowman, and Kevin Tracey. Key takeaways Top insights from our global survey about corporate governance and talent 1) Many boards could be focusing more on talent-related issues. The biggest challenge is finding the time amid a growing list of priorities competing for boards’ attention. 2) It’s early days for AI discussions in most boardrooms. Most respondent organizations are just starting to think about their AI strategies. 3) Amplifying the talent experience will require boards to adopt a broader perspective. Providing interesting work opportunities and workplace flexibility options and developing a workplace culture that instils a sense of belonging are becoming key focus areas. Boards, like the organizations they oversee, are being pulled in multiple directions: The advent of innovative technologies like generative artificial intelligence, evolving stakeholder expectations, demands for climate action, the need for progress on diversity, equity, and inclusion, and the changing economic, political, health, and geopolitical landscape are all transforming the role of organizations in society. Ultimately, at the center of all this change are the people inside organizations doing the work. To better understand how organizations—and boards, in particular—are addressing talent and the future of the workforce, the Deloitte Global Boardroom Program surveyed nearly 500 board members and C-suite executives in more than 50 countries (see “Methodology”). We also spoke with business leaders, investors, and subject matter specialists to get their insights on how boards are addressing this complex issue, where the obstacles lie, and what more boards could be doing to help build a robust and resilient workforce for the future. The big takeaway? Many respondents believe their boards need to be more proactive about discussing talent-related priorities. But for some organizations, balancing talent discussions among the long list of topics on board agendas could be challenging. READ MORE » Creditors, Shareholders, and Losers In Between: A Failed Regulatory Experiment Posted by Albert H. Choi and Jeffery Y. Zhang, University of Michigan, on Tuesday, March 5, 2024 2008 Financial Crisis, Bailouts, Banks, Bonds, CoCo, Financial regulationMore from: Albert Choi, Jeffery ZhangAlbert H. Choi is the Paul G. Kauper Professor of Law, and Jeffery Y. Zhang is an Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Michigan Law School. This post is based on their paper. In March 2023, a financial panic that began with runs on Silicon Valley Bank in California led to three of the four largest bank failures in US history. The turmoil was not contained within the United States. Jitteriness about the overall health of banks spread to Switzerland and claimed Credit Suisse as a victim. In response, the Swiss government engineered an emergency takeover of Credit Suisse by UBS to avoid economic devastation. Shareholders of Credit Suisse were given 1 UBS share for every 22.48 Credit Suisse shares as part of the emergency deal. In other words, Credit Suisse was bailed out—the antithesis of every regulatory innovation since the 2007-08 Global Financial Crisis. This government intervention wasn’t supposed to happen, especially because Credit Suisse had “CoCos” on its balance sheet prior to the panic. What are CoCos and why do they matter? In the aftermath of the Global Financial Crisis, regulators huddled together in Basel, Switzerland, to begin crafting a new financial regulatory framework. In response to the backlash against the use of public money to rescue financial institutions, their motivation was to realize an aspiration that taxpayers would no longer be left holding the bag during times of crisis. No more bailouts. This new regulatory framework contained dozens of pieces, but at its core was a unique regulatory experiment—the creation of a new debt instrument that could be converted into equity. READ MORE » Final Rules on SPAC IPOs and De-SPACs Posted by Charles J. Clark, David A. Curtiss, and Ele Klein, Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP, on Tuesday, March 5, 2024 De-SPACs, Final Rule, IPOs, SEC, SPACs, Special purpose acquisition companies, UnderwritingMore from: Charles Clark, David Curtiss, Ele Klein, Schulte Roth & Zabel LLPCharles J. Clark, David A. Curtiss, and Ele Klein are Partners at Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP. This post is based on a Schulte memorandum by Mr. Clark, Mr. Curtiss, Michael S. Didiuk, Mr. Klein, and Adriana Schwartz. Related research from the Program on Corporate Governance includes SPAC Law and Myths (discussed on the Forum here) by John C. Coates, IV. The adopting release also provides guidance on potential underwriter liability in De-SPACs and the applicability to SPACs of the Investment Company Act of 1940. On Jan. 24, 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) adopted long-awaited rule changes (“Final Rules”) applicable to special purpose acquisition companies (“SPACs”) and provided related guidance in its adopting release (“Adopting Release”).[1] The Final Rules largely codify the substance of the rules proposed by the SEC on March 30, 2022 (“Proposed Rules”), which were intended to enhance investor protections in SPAC initial public offerings (“IPOs”) and initial business combinations (“De-SPACs”).[2] We previously summarized the Proposed Rules, available here.[3] While the SEC largely adopted the Proposed Rules in substance, this Alert highlights the key modifications and changes from the Proposed Rules, as well as the potential impact of guidance the SEC provided on underwriter liability and the application of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“ICA”) to SPACs instead of adopting those controversial portions of the Proposed Rules. READ MORE » Post-Doctoral and Doctoral Corporate Governance Fellowships Posted by Anna Restuccia, Harvard Law School, on Monday, March 4, 2024 academic fellowship, academic opportunity, corporategovernance, corporategovernancefellowships, doctoral, fellowship, Harvard, Harvard Law School, Harvard University, Hiring, HLS, JD, law school, LLM, opportunity, post-doctoral, postdoc, postgraduate, Program on Corporate Governance, research, SJDMore from: Anna Restuccia The Program on Corporate Governance at Harvard Law School (HLS) is seeking applications from highly qualified candidates who are interested in working with the Program as Post-Doctoral or Doctoral Corporate Governance Fellows. Applications are considered on a rolling basis, and the start date is flexible. Appointments are commonly for one year, but can be extended for additional one-year period/s contingent on business needs and funding. To be eligible to apply candidates should (i) have a J.D., LL.M., or S.J.D. from a U.S. law school, (ii) by the time they commence their fellowship, (ii) be pursuing an S.J.D. at a US law school, provided that they have completed their program’s coursework requirements by the time they start, or (iii) have a doctoral degree in law, or have completed much of the work toward such a degree, in a law school outside the U.S. During the term of their appointment, Fellows will be in residence at HLS and will be required to work on research and other activities of the Program, depending on their skills, interests, and Program needs. Fellows will also be able to spend significant time on their own projects. The position will provide a competitive fellowship salary and Harvard University benefits. Interested candidates should submit to [email protected]: CV; transcripts; any research papers they have written or a writing sample; and a cover letter. The cover letter should describe the candidate’s experience, reasons for seeking the position, career plans, and the period during which they would like to work with the Program. Minimum Capital and Cross-Border Firm Formation in Europe Posted by Martin Gelter, Fordham University, on Monday, March 4, 2024 Centros, cross-border firm formation, legal capital, minimum capital, regulatory arbitrage, StartupsMore from: Martin GelterMartin Gelter is Professor of Law at Fordham University School of Law. This post is based on his article forthcoming in the Journal of Law, Finance, and Accounting. Related research from the Program on Corporate Governance includes The Elusive Quest for Global Governance Standards (discussed on the Forum here) by Lucian A. Bebchuk and Assaf Hamdani. Company laws in many European countries have traditionally adhered to a legal capital system, and most countries have required founders to contribute a minimum amount of capital to form a private limited company. During the past 20 years, scholars, policymakers, and international organizations such as the World Bank have increasingly criticized these requirements as inefficient. Many countries have begun to modify or abolish minimum capital requirements in private limited companies or have created capital-less forms of limited liability business entities for new firm formations. A contributing factor to this development has been that, at least in theory, since the early 2000s, business founders in EU and European Economic Area (EEA) countries have been able to choose in which EU or EEA Member State to incorporate. Many prospective founders in Continental European countries initially selected the UK, which has no minimum capital requirement. During the mid-2000s, scholars in some countries observed an increasing number of UK companies controlled by non-UK citizens or residents. This paper empirically looks at the impact of minimum capital on cross-border firm formation, specifically the pre-Brexit phenomenon of setting up UK-based private limited companies for the purpose of business elsewhere in Europe. The analysis is based on a panel of minimum capital and minimum pay-in requirements from 1995 to 2020 for 31 countries, including all EU and EEA member states, and Switzerland. READ MORE » Fiduciary Duties of Controller Exercising Stockholder-Level Powers to Block Board Action Posted by Gail Weinstein, Philip Richter, and Steven Steinman, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, on Monday, March 4, 2024 Board of Directors, Bylaw, Controller, Delaware Court of Chancery, Fiduciary duties, standard of review, voting powerMore from: Gail Weinstein, Philip Richter, Steven Steinman, Fried FrankGail Weinstein is Senior Counsel, and Philip Richter and Steven Steinman are Partners at Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP. This post is based on a Fried Frank memorandum by Ms. Weinstein, Mr. Richter, Mr. Steinman, Steven Epstein, Randi Lally and Mark Lucas and is part of the Delaware Law series; links to other posts in the series are available here. In re Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Stockholder Litigation (Jan. 24, 2024), the Delaware Court of Chancery, in an important, post-trial opinion, for the first time clearly set forth the fiduciary duties and standard of review applicable when a controller uses its stockholder-level voting power to block action that the company’s board of directors has determined to be in the company’s best interest. The court held that Eddie Lampert, the controller of Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. (the “Company”), had fiduciary duties, albeit of a “limited” nature, when he acted by written consent to amend the Company’s bylaws and remove two directors (the “Controller Intervention”) in an effort to block a plan, adopted by an independent committee of the board (the “Committee”), to liquidate the company’s non-profitable business segment (“Hometown”) and continue its other, profitable segment (“Outlet”). The court, applying enhanced scrutiny review, found that Lampert had complied with his fiduciary duties. The court also addressed a transaction (the “End-Stage Transaction”) that the Company negotiated with Lampert after the board became convinced that Lampert would block the liquidation plan and that it would not be sustainable for the Company to continue to operate with both business segments. The End-Stage Transaction involved a sale of the Company to Lampert, eliminating the minority stockholders’ interests (although Outlet was sold to a third party under the go-shop process in the merger agreement). As Lampert was self-interested in the End-Stage Transaction, the standard of review was entire fairness. The court found that Lampert “sincerely believed” that the transaction was fair, but the transaction did not satisfy entire fairness. The court ordered Lampert to pay damages (over $18.3 million) to the minority stockholders. On January 31, 2024, Lampert’s counsel filed a motion for reargument with respect to the End-Stage Transaction, arguing that correction of an alleged error in the court’s valuation analysis should lead to the conclusion that the price fell within the range of reasonableness or at least would result in a substantial decrease in the damages awarded by the court. In this Briefing, we discuss the court’s controller fiduciary duty analysis relating to Lampert’s Controller Intervention to block the board’s plan to liquidate Hometown; and we offer related Practice Points. READ MORE » Looking ahead: The audit committee agenda in 2024 Posted by Maureen Bujno, Bob Lamm, and Krista Parsons, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, on Sunday, March 3, 2024 2024, Agenda, Artificial intelligence, Audit committee, FASB, PCAOB, Risk, SEC, talentMore from: Bob Lamm, Krista Parsons, Maureen Bujno, DeloitteMaureen Bujno is a Managing Director, Bob Lamm is an Independent Senior Advisor, and Krista Parsons is an Audit & Assurance Managing Director and Audit Committee Program Leader at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. This post is based on a Deloitte memorandum by Ms. Bujno, Mr. Lamm, Ms. Parsons, Carey Oven, and Jamie McCall. Many wise people have noted the importance of planning. For example, Benjamin Franklin stated, “By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.” Abraham Lincoln said, “Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.” And, of course, Yogi Berra said: “If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else.” These adages certainly apply to the audit committee. Planning ahead can help ensure that the required items are on the agenda for each meeting and that over the course of the year the committee addresses everything on its “to do” list, while leaving time to tackle new matters that invariably come up. To advise audit committees on planning for 2024, we have considered some of the major items that we believe are likely to be on audit committee agendas this year. READ MORE » SEC set to adopt climate disclosure rules on March 6 Posted by Michael Littenburg and Marc Rotter, Ropes & Gray LLP, on Saturday, March 2, 2024 Climate Disclosure, climate risk, Financial disclosures, GHG, SECMore from: Marc Rotter, Michael Littenberg, Ropes & GrayMichael Littenburg is Partner and Global Chair of the ESG, CSR and Business and Human Rights Practice, and Marc Rotter is Counsel in the Capital Markets Practice at Ropes & Gray LLP. This post is based on their Ropes & Gray memorandum. Related research from the Program on Corporate Governance includes The Illusory Promise of Stakeholder Governance (discussed on the Forum here) by Lucian A. Bebchuk and Roberto Tallarita; How Twitter Pushed Stakeholders Under The Bus (discussed on the Forum here) by Lucian A. Bebchuk, Kobi Kastiel, and Anna Toniolo; Restoration: The Role Stakeholder Governance Must Play in Recreating a Fair and Sustainable American Economy – A Reply to Professor Rock (discussed on the Forum here) by Leo E. Strine, Jr.; and Stakeholder Capitalism in the Time of COVID (discussed on the Forum here) by Lucian A. Bebchuk, Kobi Kastiel, and Roberto Tallarita. The wait is almost over! The SEC has published its Sunshine Act Notice for the open meeting at which its climate disclosure rules will be considered. Proposed almost two years ago in March 2022, the proposed rules include disclosures relating to the following (see our Alert here): Oversight and management of climate risk. Impacts of climate-related risks on the registrant’s business, financials, strategy, business model and outlook over the short-, medium- and long-terms. Processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks. Historical greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data: Scopes 1 and 2, and in many cases Scope 3. As proposed, third-party assurance of Scope 1 and 2 data would be required, initially limited assurance and then reasonable assurance. Climate-related targets and goals, if set. Financial statement disclosure on the financial impacts of physical and transition risks. READ MORE » Cybersecurity Disclosure Report Posted by Neil McCarthy, James Palmiter, and G. Michael Weiksner, DragonGC, on Friday, March 1, 2024 cyber disclosure, Cybersecurity, Form 10-K, incident reporting, Regulation S-K, Risk management, shareholder engagementMore from: G. Michael Weiksner, James Palmiter, Neil McCarthy, DragonGCJames Palmiter is CEO and Co-Founder of DragonGC. This post is based on a DragonGC memorandum by Neil McCarthy, Mr. Palmiter, G. Michael Weiksner, Natalie Richardson, and Evan Quille. DragonGC is a legal intelligence platform leveraging comprehensive ‘Authoritative Intelligence’ to offer curated, verified, and original sources. Our mission is to simplify compliance for public company legal teams. We tackle information overload by precisely pinpointing the source material necessary to address important financial disclosure inquiries. Additionally, we furnish topic summaries, precedents, and examples of public company disclosures. Our goal is to empower teams in crafting relevant shareholder communications effortlessly. Many prominent companies have already filed their 2023 10Ks. These early 10-K filers provide insight into disclosures about Cybersecurity required by new S-K Item 106. DragonGC’s dragonFind identified the early filers listed below and has linked to the specific cybersecurity disclosures included in their recently filed 10-Ks: READ MORE » Weekly Roundup: February 23-29, 2024 Posted by the Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate Governance, on Friday, March 1, 2024 Weekly RoundupMore from: This roundup contains a collection of the posts published on the Forum during the week of February 23-29, 2024 DEI on the Corporate Ballot: Strive’s Predictions for 2024 Posted by Justin Danhof, Strive Asset Management, on Friday, February 23, 2024 Tags: dei, director elections, ESG, Executive Compensation, Proxy season, Proxy voting, Shareholder activism Additional Proxy Vote Disclosure is Coming for the 2024 Proxy Season Posted by Nichol Garzon-Mitchell, Glass, Lewis & Co, on Friday, February 23, 2024 Tags: Glass Lewis, N-PX, Proxy voting, Say on pay, SEC Technology Advances Facilitate Pass-Through Voting Posted by Elizabeth Kantrowitz and Meghan Orifici, Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc., on Saturday, February 24, 2024 Tags: Investment Stewardship, ISS, pass-through voting, Proxy voting, technology 2024 Proxy Season Preview Posted by Mike Tae and Chuck Callan, Broadridge, on Sunday, February 25, 2024 Tags: Climate change, Environmental proposals, Institutional Investors, pass-through voting, Proxy season, Say on pay, Shareholder activism, Shareholder proposals, Shareholder voting, Universal Proxy 2024 Proxy Advisor Guidelines: What Companies Need to Know Heading into the 2024 Proxy Season Posted by Elizabeth K. Bieber, Sarah Ghulamhussain, and Peter Liddle, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, on Monday, February 26, 2024 Tags: Clawbacks, Climate, Cybersecurity, ESG, Executive Compensation, Executive ownership, GAAP, Glass Lewis, Institutional Shareholder Services Inc., ISS, non-GAAP, pay-versus-performance disclosure, Proxy advisory, Proxy season, Shareholder meetings DEI in an era of unrest: a few truths and a path forward Posted by Faten Alqaseer, Lisa R. Davis, and Rose James, Teneo, on Monday, February 26, 2024 Tags: affirmative action, Anti-DEI, dei, Diversity, Stakeholders, Transparency Oregon State Treasury Nomination Neutrality Posted by Philip Larrieu, Oregon State Treasury, on Monday, February 26, 2024 Tags: Board of Directors, Director nominations, fiduciary duty, Proxy access, shareholder interests, Universal Proxy Rebellion extinction: Does Exxon mark the end of shareholder engagement? Posted by Georgia Stewart, Tumelo, on Tuesday, February 27, 2024 Tags: ESG, ExxonMobil, Proxy voting, shareholder engagement, Shareholder power 2024 Proxy Season Preview: Looking for a Silver Lining Posted by Merel Spierings, The Conference Board, on Tuesday, February 27, 2024 Tags: Compensation committees, disclosures, pass-through voting, Proxy season, Say on pay, Shareholder proposals Tornetta v. Musk is the Rule of Law at Work Posted by Holger Spamann, Harvard Law School, on Tuesday, February 27, 2024 Tags: CEO, Delaware cases, Delaware law, Elon Musk, Executive Compensation, litigation, Tesla PJT Partners 2024 Proxy Season Preview Posted by Allie Rutherford, Adrienne Monley, and Eric Sumberg, PJT Camberview, on Wednesday, February 28, 2024 Tags: Activism, board effectiveness, ESG, Pay for performance, Proxy season, Shareholder proposals, Universal Proxy Card 2024 Proxy Season Trends: Zenith or Nadir? Posted by Arthur B. Crozier, Gabrielle E. Wolf, and Jonathan L. Kovacs, Innisfree M&A Inc., on Wednesday, February 28, 2024 Tags: Advanced notice, ANB, E&S, Proxy contests, Proxy season, Shareholder proposals, Universal Proxy Card, UPC Summary of Activism in 2023 and a Preview of Activism in 2024 Posted by Andrew Freedman, Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, on Wednesday, February 28, 2024 Tags: Activism, Advanced notice, ANB, Kellner, Proxy season, SEC, Shareholder activism, Universal Proxy Card, UPC 8 Hot Topics in Activism Posted by Tiffany Fobes Campion, Christopher R. Drewry, and Joshua M. Dubofsky, Latham & Watkins LLP, on Thursday, February 29, 2024 Tags: Activism, ESG, Proxy advisors, Shareholder activism BlackRock Updated 2024 U.S. Proxy Voting Guidelines Posted by Daniel Chang and Rajeev Kumar, Georgeson LLC, on Thursday, February 29, 2024 Tags: Board composition, board diversity, Climate Disclosure, Diversity, Proxy voting, Shareholder proposals, Sustainability Trends in S&P 500 Board of Director Compensation Posted by Linda Pappas, Christine Skizas, and Olivia Wakefield, Pay Governance LLC, on Thursday, February 29, 2024 Tags: Board of Directors, Director compensation, equity awards, S&P 500 Page 1 of 1133 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 … 1,133 Next » Supported By: Subscribe or Follow Program on Corporate Governance Advisory Board William Ackman Peter Atkins David Bell Kerry E. Berchem Richard Brand Daniel Burch Paul Choi Jesse Cohn Arthur B. Crozier Renata J. Ferrari John Finley Carolyn Frantz Andrew Freedman Byron Georgiou Joseph Hall Jason M. Halper Paul Hilal Carl Icahn David Millstone Theodore Mirvis Maria Moats Erika Moore Carey Oven Morton Pierce Philip Richter Marc Trevino Steven J. Williams Daniel Wolf HLS Faculty & Senior Fellows Lucian Bebchuk Robert Clark John Coates Alma Cohen Stephen M. Davis Allen Ferrell Jesse Fried Oliver Hart Howell Jackson Kobi Kastiel Reinier Kraakman Mark Ramseyer Mark Roe Robert Sitkoff Holger Spamann Leo E. Strine, Jr. Guhan Subramanian Roberto Tallarita Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate Governance All copyright and trademarks in content on this site are owned by their respective owners. Other content © 2024 The President and Fellows of Harvard College. Privacy Policy