UMass Amherst Skip to main content Info For Back Info For Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families Alumni Athletics Giving Libraries UMass Site Search Search Close Academics Back Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs 4+1 Accelerated Master's Degree Programs UMass Flex Professional Development Summer Programs Mount Ida Campus University Libraries Schools & Colleges Academic Advising Explore Our Programs Research Back Research Research News & Stories Student Research Faculty Excellence Innovation & Impact Timeline of Research Breakthroughs Centers and Institutes Office of Research and Engagement Student Life Back Student Life Living and Dining Student Activities Student Support and Wellness Life in Amherst The UMass Edge Back The UMass Edge About UMass Amherst We Are Fueling Innovation We Are Revolutionary We Are Creative and Entrepreneurial We Are a Health Promoting University We Are Diverse and Open-Minded We Are a Community Engaged University We Embrace Sustainability We Are a University Without Walls UMass Amherst Stories The Arts Back The Arts Fine Arts Center University Museum of Contemporary Art Augusta Savage Gallery Hampden Gallery Herter Art Gallery Student Union Art Gallery Arts Extension Service Department of Art Department of Music and Dance Department of Theater Film Studies Admissions Back Admissions Mount Ida Start Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Online Admissions Pre-College Admissions Financial Aid News & Events Back News & Events News Headlines Events Contact Us Office of the Chancellor UMass in Video Experts at UMass Hometown News Requests Frequently Asked Questions Inside UMass Social Media Directory Video Services Job Opportunities for Students Academics Back Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs 4+1 Accelerated Master's Degree Programs UMass Flex Professional Development Summer Programs Mount Ida Campus University Libraries Schools & Colleges Academic Advising Explore Our Programs Research Back Research Research News & Stories Student Research Faculty Excellence Innovation & Impact Timeline of Research Breakthroughs Centers and Institutes Office of Research and Engagement Student Life Back Student Life Living and Dining Student Activities Student Support and Wellness Life in Amherst The UMass Edge Back The UMass Edge About UMass Amherst We Are Fueling Innovation We Are Revolutionary We Are Creative and Entrepreneurial We Are a Health Promoting University We Are Diverse and Open-Minded We Are a Community Engaged University We Embrace Sustainability We Are a University Without Walls UMass Amherst Stories The Arts Back The Arts Fine Arts Center University Museum of Contemporary Art Augusta Savage Gallery Hampden Gallery Herter Art Gallery Student Union Art Gallery Arts Extension Service Department of Art Department of Music and Dance Department of Theater Film Studies Admissions Back Admissions Mount Ida Start Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Online Admissions Pre-College Admissions Financial Aid News & Events Back News & Events News Headlines Events Contact Us Office of the Chancellor UMass in Video Experts at UMass Hometown News Requests Frequently Asked Questions Inside UMass Social Media Directory Video Services Job Opportunities for Students Info For Back Info For Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families Alumni Athletics Giving Libraries Pause Background Video Play Background Video Be Bold. Be True. Be You. What's it Like to Attend UMass? Six students with diverse majors and interests share their experiences living and learning at UMass Amherst. Explore Our Programs With 110 undergraduate majors and 127 graduate programs offered on campus and online, there are hundreds of opportunities to pursue your passion at UMass Amherst. Study on campus or take advantage of a wide array of flexible and innovative learning options. Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs University Without Walls This is UMass At UMass Amherst, we welcome you to join our diverse, inclusive community of dreamers, innovators, creators, and doers. Find out how you can explore your interests and build skills to make your mark on the world with a UMass education.This is your moment.This is your opportunity.This is UMass. Schedule Your Visit By the Numbers #32 U.S. News & World Report ranking among national public universities 1,400 Faculty members 29 Academic disciplines ranked among the Top 200 programs worldwide Top 50 Best Value Colleges (Public), The Princeton Review #1 Best Campus Food, The Princeton Review 5 Out of 5 Stars Best of the Best LGBTQ-Friendly Colleges & Universities, Campus Pride Index Women's History Month Learn more about the remarkable journeys, perseverance, and achievements of UMass women. Women's History Month at UMass Take Charge. Stay Curious. Step into your future and discover UMass Amherst Schedule a Visit Take a Virtual Campus Tour Connect with UMass Making a Meaningful Difference through Careers in Education UMass Amherst trains the next generation of teachers and educational leaders in applying a vision of a more just world to educating the nation's youth. Learn More About Social Justice Education at UMass News and Events Community UMass Amherst Researchers Need Massachusetts Citizen Scientists’ Help to Model Rising Groundwater First-ever statewide groundwater model provides high-resolution look at how climate change affects water table in Massachusetts—and it needs your data. Research Robotic Hip Exoskeleton Shows Promise for Helping Stroke Patients Regain Their Stride A portable robotic device created by UMass Amherst researchers provides new avenue for making state-of-the-art gait rehabilitation methods more effective and accessible. Athletics University of Massachusetts Accepts Invitation to Join the Mid-American Conference As Full Member Massachusetts will join the Mid-American Conference for the 2025-26 academic year. Research UMass Amherst Researchers Identify Enzyme Key to Training Cells to Fight Autoimmune Disorders The discovery of a new signaling pathway in immune cells may lay the foundation for drug-free, side-effect-free treatments for patients with aplastic anemia and other autoimmune disorders. March 6 Savvy Consumer: Empowering Your Financial Future 1:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m. March 6 Standing Together: A Presentation and Open Discussion 12-1 p.m. Lunch served beginning at 11:30 a.m. March 5 Snacks with Sustainability Staff 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. More News and Events Get Social With UMass Want a window into daily campus life? Whether you’re a current student, or thinking about attending UMass, or want to reminisce about days past, check out our social media channels. The University Relations Social Media Team is the official voice of UMass Amherst on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, and more. In addition, we share videos on your YouTube and UMass video gallery. On these channels, you’ll find stories of engagement and activism, academic excellence, remarkable research and the many ways we are pioneers, builders and unconventional doers. View the social media directory Explore the UMass video gallery Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn TikTok Site Footer Info for... Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families Job Seekers Resources Academic Calendar Campus Maps People Finder Policies Sites A-Z Directory Connect Alumni Athletics Giving Libraries Contact Us © 2024 University of Massachusetts Amherst Site Policies Privacy Non-Discrimination Notice Accessibility Terms of Use