Home | California Almonds Skip to main content Main navigation Why Almonds Why Almonds Growing Good: Sustainability & Community Health & Nutrition Snacking Recipes & Trends Almond Lifecycle Global History Almond Living Magazine Almond Industry Almond Industry 2025 Goals Stewardship Platform (CASP) Orchard Management Research & Innovation Processors & Suppliers Regulatory & Trade Industry News Tools & Resources Tools & Resources Crop Reports Grower Tools Food Professional Tools Dietitian Tools Food Safety & Quality Tools Regional Disease Forecast Soil Quality and Nutrient Tools Find a Supplier Industry Directory Industry Maps Research Database Handler Portal About Us About Us What We Do Programs & Events Meet the Board & Staff Committees Elections Press Room Annual Publications Contact Us Careers Find a Supplier Find a supplier Language Menu US US US Argentina Brazil Chile Deutschland India (EN) UK France Mexico 한국 РОССИЯ 中国 Italia 日本 Search Find a Supplier Find a supplier Language Menu US US US Argentina Brazil Chile Deutschland India (EN) UK France Mexico 한국 РОССИЯ 中国 Italia 日本 Header Social All Article Page PDF Research Industry News Press Room Video Event Recipe Supplier Leaving Almonds.com The site you are transferring to is not hosted by the Almond Board of California, but rather, by a valued 3rd party information source. This link has been provided solely as a convenience to you, but the Almond Board of California cannot assume responsibility for the accuracy, quality, safety, or nature of the content throughout the linked site. Click OK to continue to the requested site, or click CANCEL to return to your most recently viewed Almond Board page. OK Cancel Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. The Almond Board of California Advancing California almonds through innovation. Play Video Own Your Prime Why almonds are a perfect exercise food to keep you prime. Have you ever wondered what it takes to stay in your prime? Hall of Fame athlete Deion “Coach Prime” Sanders knows. The secret is hard work, consistency and recovering with the right foods. Promising new research shows almonds are rich in nutrients that can help with exercise recovery – making them THE food to own your prime. Learn More About the Almond Board of California The Almond Board develops global demand for California almonds and invests in research to address sustainability, food safety, and more. California almonds make life better by what we grow and how we grow – see how the Almond Board supports this. Learn More Why Almonds We have poured our heart into making almonds a delicious, healthy, sustainable snack for everyone. California almonds make life better by what we grow and how we grow – see how the Almond Board supports this. Learn More Almond Living Magazine View All Beauty What You Snack On May Reduce Wrinkles. And More. Learn More Own Your Prime Why Almonds Are A Perfect Exercise Food To Keep You Prime Learn More Growing Good The Almond Board recently partnered with The Atlantic to the highlight the California almond community’s commitment to responsible farming. Preview the article here Growing Good Vox Creative: Almond Farmers are Pioneering Sustainability Learn More Almond Industry The Almond Board of California supports all 7,600 almond growers, as well as many others in the almond growing community from suppliers and beekeepers to farmers and buyers. Browse our information, research and tutorials on how to make almonds work for you. Learn More Tools & Resources View All Crop Reports Growers Tools Food Professional Tools Dietitian Tools Industry Directory Research Database We improve our products and advertising by using Microsoft Clarity to see how you use our website. By using our site, you agree that we and Microsoft can collect and use this data. Our privacy policy has more details. Footer Why Almonds Growing Good: Sustainability & Community Health & Nutrition Snacking Recipes & Trends Almond Lifecycle Global History Almond Living Magazine Almond Industry 2025 Goals Stewardship Platform (CASP) Orchard Management Research & Innovation Processors & Suppliers Regulatory & Trade Industry News Tools & Resources Crop Reports Grower Tools Food Professional Tools Dietitian Tools Food Safety & Quality Find a Supplier Industry Directory Industry Maps Research Database Handler Portal About Us What We Do Programs & Events Meet the Board & Staff Press Room Annual Publications Contact Us Careers Elections Footer Inline Privacy Policy ©2023 Almond Board of California, All Rights Reserved Footer Social