Rudder IT infrastructure automation platform - Simple & secure Skip to content Platform Use cases Pricing Community Company Contact Rudder infrastructure management platform Rudder offers the best way to manage and automate your hybrid infrastructure Overview All features All integrations Our solutions Configuration & patch management Manage your configurations and keep your system up to date with simple automation Security management Enforce infrastructure security through vulnerability assessment, standards compliance and system hardening Get a free trial Use cases Provisioning and deployment Patch management Vulnerability assessment Continuous configuration management Standard compliance System hardening Customer stories BMW Jaguar Network Afnic Get started Getting started guide Open source project Our training Resources Blog Webinars and talks Docs Online demo Try the enterprise version Twitter Linkedin Mastodon Youtube Github About us Team Jobs Press EnglishFrançais Contact Rudder 7.3 is out: Rudder patch management is ready to rock! Read the article Take control of your IT infrastructure Configure, patch, secure with simplicity while managing your specificities through powerful automation software. Try it for free Get a demo Try it for free Get a demo One platform for automating all your systems management We bring the solution to your needs. No matter what the OS is. Continuous configuration managementDeploy, monitor, and continuously maintain your configurations on every system of your IT infrastructure. You have everything you need to act quickly on problems and ensure high availability. Multi-OS patch managementAutomate available updates identification and patch campaign deployment for all your OS. You benefit from precise patch management thanks to our powerful platform that takes into account specificities. Standard complianceKeep your systems continuously compliant with external standards (CIS, ISO27001, PCI-DSS...) and internal policies. With an audit performed every 5 minutes, you are sure to pass any certification. >> See all use cases Get a demo View our solutions Get a demo View our solutions Rudder is used by all industries The solution suited to all infrastructures. Designed for hydrid infrastructure Be effective right now Try Rudder for free Supported OS Environments Configure & patch Manage your configurations and keep your systems up to date with simple automation. Configuration builder Drift management System updates Patch campaign >> Get more about configuration and patch Secure Strengthen infrastructure security to keep your systems compliant and secure at all times. Custom security policies Continuous audit CVE assessment Audit security standards >> Get more about security The benefits of using Rudder Full automationUsing Rudder is to fully automate your infrastructure. It’s the best way to save time, increase efficiency and focus on important activities. Continuous complianceHaving a compliance approach by design is the key of Rudder. You ensure reliability and high availability of your infrastructure at all times. High control and visibilityUsing Rudder is managing your infrastructure efficiently and acting quickly when necessary. You have detailed data that can be shared with your teams. User-friendly interfaceNo need to code or learn a new language, you can manage all your systems through our graphical interface. Explore the full potential of Rudder Get a free trial Platform Overview All features Integrations Pricing Solutions Configuration & patch management Security management Resources Rudder docs Rudder blog Online demo About Company Jobs Contact us Subscribe to the newsletter Github Linkedin Youtube Twitter Mastodon Platform Overview All features Integrations Pricing Solutions Configuration & patch managementSecurity management Resources Rudder docs Rudder blog Online demo About Company Jobs Contact us Subscribe to the newsletter Github Linkedin Youtube Twitter Mastodon © Rudder (Normation) 2024 Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of sale Security Scroll to Top Directive NIS2: how to get ready? Rudder can help you Read the article Security management module details This module targets maximum security and compliance for managing your infrastructure, with enterprise-class features such as: CVE assessment CVE reports UI-encrypted data Reporting External data from node Users and API rights management External authentication (LDAP, AD) Customizable interface Learn more about this module on the Security management page Configuration & patch management module details This module targets maximum performance and reliability for managing your infrastructure and patches, with enterprise-class features such as: Change requests Relay servers System updates Patch campaigns Micropatching Patch reports CMDB & external data synchronization Users and API rights management External authentication (LDAP, AD) Customizable interface Learn more about this module on the Configuration & patch management page