Scuba Lessons Inc. Home - A profesional and ecological scuba diving certification school Skip to content Tuesday, March 05, 2024 Home Scuba Training Scuba Certification Courses & Prices Junior Divers Class Schedules About Us Conservation Dive Club Scuba Lessons Inc. Conservation Kidz Program News & Information Interactive Dive Site Map Fish Identification Scuba Laughs Page Conservation Club Scuba Lessons Inc. Conservation Kidz Program Stuff4Scuba – Our Online Scuba Gear & Class Shop Search for: Scuba Lessons Inc. Home What is Scuba Lessons Inc.? Over 71% of the earth is covered in water and there is only one way to really see it all- scuba diving! Scuba Lessons Inc. is a co-op that provides low-cost scuba diving lessons and scuba diving certification classes with NAUI, DAN, SSI & PADI professionally trained dive instructors and dive masters. We also provide scuba gear, dive trips, discounted dive programs, live animal interaction, a scuba diving conservation club, great adventure scuba dives and scuba diving gear at wholesale prices. Scuba Lessons Inc. with 14 instructors all over the state of Florida trains scuba divers thru professional levels in the following regions in Florida: Stuart, Jupiter, Port Saint Lucie, Fort Pierce, Hutchinson Island, West Palm, Delray Beach, Lauderdale by the Sea, Fort Lauderdale, Key Largo, Venice, Naples, Cape Coral, Ft. Myers, Kissimmee, Orlando, Daytona Beach, Tampa, Clearwater Beach, Sarasota, West Palm Beach, Miami, Pompano Beach, and the Florida Keys and surrounding areas. Scuba Lessons Inc. Main Office 210 SW Voltair Terrace Port Saint Lucie, FL 34984 Phone: (321) 299-5796 Fax: (619) 924-5228 Email: Info@ScubaLessonsInc.com Email: Tina@ScubaLessonsInc.com Meet-Up Conservation Club: Meetup.com/ConservationDiveClub/ South Florida Conservation Club: Meetup.com/ConservationDivers/ Dive Site Map Dive Club News Dive Club Club Calendar Dive Center Official Partner | Dive Center Affiliation Scuba Lessons Inc. has partnered with Under Pressure Sports dive center in Avon Park, FL as an affiliate dive shop instructor group. Through this co-op partner Under Pressure Sports, we can now offer NAUI training programs from Open Water Certification through Scuba Instructor level courses by a team of NAUI Instructors, and Instructor Trainers on staff, PADI training programs by PADI Master Instructors and the SSI diamond training programs for our students. Our team can with this partnership now offer many other great deals on scuba gear, outdoor equipment, coolers, fishing, tackle and related services for outdoor sports including scuba, paintball, archery, kayaking, paddle-boarding, and bicycles. We can now be your one stop shop to manage your active lifestyle through this partnership. We have worked with this dive center as a co-op partner for years and now we have just extended the program. In 2 weekends in the water and for only $469.99 you can be certified to scuba dive with one of our professional, patient, kind and experienced instructors by doing your academic portion of the class online at home in advance of your in water training programs. This price of $469.99 includes your complete e-learning access, digital dive tables, and log book, and of course, all the rental gear needed to dive for all classes through certification AND your student starter gear pack! You also get to keep your brand name, Mares student starter gear pack (pictured here at right.) This starter pack includes A Professional Mares Scuba Mask, Mares Snorkel, Mares Boots and Mares Fins and a nice new Mares Gear Bag as well. (Please note this set can be can be upgraded to the top of the line Atomic Set during your purchase for an additional fee of $99 more.) NO, unlike most dive shops, you DO NOT have to purchase ANY equipment to do this class. We provide everything you need. We use only quality equipment and gear that is serviced and well cared for. We train using a Co-Op of SSI, NAUI and PADI professionally trained, insured, screened, and certified Dive Masters, Instructors, Training Assistants, Dive Control Specialist and Experienced Scuba Diving Equipment Specialists all carefully reviewed to meet our strict standards of instruction and ethics. Our instructors are drug tested, background screened, reviewed and trained monthly. Our team is also focused on conservation diving principals and very patient. We each differ slightly in technique but we all ensure mastery of every skill in the water. Safety of everyone and everything under water is our primary concern during all training at all times. Scuba Lessons, Inc. provides everything any diver at any level needs to have confident, fun and exciting dives. Click here to check out our training options: Lessons Click Here to see our calendar and choose your training schedule and locations. We generally teach either in aquatic centers with heated pools in the winter, or local crystal clear Florida Springs like Three Sisters, Peacock Springs, Troy Springs, Ponce Spring, De Leon Springs, Blue Springs, Devil's Den, Blue Grotto, and Alexander Springs in Central and North Florida and in Central Florida Lake Denton in Sebring or we go to beautiful beaches and ocean dives like Clearwater, Phil Foster Park|Blue Heron Bridge in West Palm Beach,Neptune's Memorial Reef in Miami, Spanish Rocks in Sarasota and other sites like Venice Beach, FL where someone just trying scuba for the first time can take away little treasures like old sharks teeth or white sand dollars for their first dive souvenier. We train and dive in the club all year long. In the winter months the springs are a balmy 72 degrees and in the summer we are usually east coast diving in the salty realm in our comfortable sunshine of about 83 to 89 degrees. Get certified to dive so you can explore the underwater world and see the magic that is the ocean you live in. From amazing colors to the beating life movements of coral and plethora of fun fish the sea is alive with beauty. One look and you will fall in love. The water contains so much amazing it will force the wow out of you. Take a look at this video of coral below and see what we mean. It is all alive underwater. What Do You See? By Cori McWilliams, A.K.A. Turtle Girl Conservation Kidz Scholarship Winner and amazing advocate for turtles everywhere. Slow Life A pristine display of slow motion underwater cinematography whereby the real show is the magical coral alive in all it's wonder that makes the underwater so amazing. Coral is what we need to protect to protect life in the sea and on the earth. Citizen Scientist Opportunities to Help the Coral Reef System You can, once you are certified to dive, be a part of what makes the world a little better. You can participate hands on in coral restoration programs with the Coral Restoration Foundation like this program video shows. Scuba Lessons, Inc. has an online store for all your scuba gear too. It is appropriately called Stuff4Scuba.com and you can shop for many equipment pieces and other fun t-shirts and accessories or even purchase your courses online by visiting this store. We also partner with the best dive boat in West Palm Beach, FL the Sandy's Sunday for terrific deals for our club members and Deco Divers with the famous Captain Ani, Diver's Paradise in Miami, Aquatic Explorers in Key Biscayne, Captain Slate's or Key's Diver's in Key Largo, Florida each of which are coast guard certified vessels with experienced and trustworthy captains and boats we have club discounts to go on. Scuba Lessons Inc. has programs to learn scuba from ages 8 and up! Scuba is great family fun! We have adventure dives for beginners to try scuba all the way up to leadership and professional level scuba training. Our Conservation dive club includes members of all ages and experience levels who enjoy sharing the great sites, dive planning, working on eco missions, coral restoration, marine mammal studies and rescues, educational programs and the tremendous amount of fun we all have just diving together. We also sponsor and started M.A.R.S. Marine Animal Rescue Society of SW Florida and we partner with state and grass roots wildlife rescue organizations and send volunteers to efforts to rescue stranded or in danger marine mammals boats, divers and volunteers we can make a difference. We are now a Reef.org Field Station and can perform the reef fish identification exams and offer fish identification learning programs. We are joining in a local effort to do a major coral reef restoration project and need your help. Join the free Scuba Lessons Inc. Conservation Club to find out more on the projects we are working on to better our underwater world! Our mission is: To make diving sustainable, affordable and available for EVERYONE to be able to see and explore the 71% of the world covered in water. We will work very hard to accomplish this mission. This organization is a not for profit program and all funding that goes in goes right back out to accomplish our mission by supporting various charities and programs. Please check out our conservation and club pages for more information on how we do this. We advocate for sharks, reef protection and restoration, handicapped divers, soldiers, disadvantaged kids, manatees, marine mammals, whales and dolphins and where ever else we see a need for education, hard work or research affecting the underwater world. Join the club! To extend this club to children we have also begun some time ago the 'Conservation Kidz program and it is now the heart of our organization. We quickly realized that children are the most impactful representation for conservation efforts and have found some kids that are down right powerhouses who get things done! We stand behind these kids and you can find out more on the Conservation Kids page in our links at the top. Here is one of our Conservation Kidz who won a scuba scholarship for her efforts in protecting turtles, Ms. Cori McWilliams in the video above. I hope you enjoy it! You will also see above a video about the concerns we have in protection measures needed on our Florida reefs and depicting a way you can as an eco tourist/citizen scientist help the endangered coral. This is just one of many ways that we encourage our students to keep on diving after they graduate. Our meet up group has a calendar with over 28 organizers who constantly plan ways you can help make the underwater world better and help us complete our mission. It can be allot of fun and hardly ever feels like work but you really do make a difference and that is what we are all about! Search for: Interactive Dive Site Map Newsletter Sign-Up First Name Last Name Email: Leave this field empty if you're human: | Theme: News Portal by Mystery Themes.