The web framework for perfectionists with deadlines | Django Django The web framework for perfectionists with deadlines. Menu Toggle theme (current theme: auto) Toggle theme (current theme: light) Toggle theme (current theme: dark) Toggle Light / Dark / Auto color theme Overview Download Documentation News Community Code Issues About ♥ Donate Toggle theme (current theme: auto) Toggle theme (current theme: light) Toggle theme (current theme: dark) Toggle Light / Dark / Auto color theme Django Django makes it easier to build better web apps more quickly and with less code. Get started with Django Meet Django Django is a high-level Python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built by experienced developers, it takes care of much of the hassle of web development, so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel. It’s free and open source. Ridiculously fast. Django was designed to help developers take applications from concept to completion as quickly as possible. Reassuringly secure. Django takes security seriously and helps developers avoid many common security mistakes. Exceedingly scalable. Some of the busiest sites on the web leverage Django’s ability to quickly and flexibly scale. Learn more about Django Stay in the loop Subscribe to one of our mailing lists to stay up to date with everything in the Django community: Using Django Get help with Django and follow announcements. Subscribe You can also subscribe by sending an email to django-users+subscribe@googlegroups.com and following the instructions that will be sent to you. Contributing to Django Contribute to the development of Django itself. Subscribe Before asking a question about how to contribute, read Contributing to Django. Many frequently asked questions are answered there. You can also subscribe by sending an email to django-developers+subscribe@googlegroups.com and following the instructions that will be sent to you. We have a few other specialized lists (announce, i18n, ...). You can find more information about them in our mailing list documentation. Back to Top Download latest release: 5.0.3 Django documentation Support Django! WHIM Inc. donated to the Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Latest news Django security releases issued: 5.0.3, 4.2.11, and 3.2.25 Django 5.0.3, 4.2.11, and 3.2.25 fix one security issue. Posted by Mariusz Felisiak on March 4, 2024 Django accessibility in 2023 and beyond Happy birthday, Django accessibility team! 🌈 The team is now looking for new members. Posted by Tom Carrick, Thibaud Colas, Sarah Abderemane on February 10, 2024 More news New to Django? Installation guide Write your first Django app Getting started with Django The power of Django Object-relational mapper Automatic admin interface Robust template system Quick internationalization Explore more features Get involved Ticket system Report bugs and make feature requests Development dashboard see what's currently being worked on Inside the Django community Get Help #django IRC channel Chat with other Django users Django Discord Server Join the Django Discord Community Official Django Forum Join the community on the Django Forum. The Django Software Foundation About the Foundation Our non-profit supports the project Support Django Your contribution makes Django stronger Contact the Django Software Foundation More about the DSF Django Links Learn More About Django Getting Started with Django Team Organization Django Software Foundation Code of Conduct Diversity Statement Get Involved Join a Group Contribute to Django Submit a Bug Report a Security Issue Get Help Getting Help FAQ #django IRC channel Django Discord Official Django Forum Follow Us GitHub Twitter Fediverse (Mastodon) News RSS Django Users Mailing List Support Us Sponsor Django Corporate membership Official merchandise store Benevity Workplace Giving Program Django Hosting by In-kind donors Design by Threespot & andrevv © 2005-2024 Django Software Foundation and individual contributors. Django is a registered trademark of the Django Software Foundation.