Home | tulane Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Give to Tulane Alumni Search Menu Information for Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Visitors Alumni and Friends Request Info Visit Apply Give to Tulane Alumni University Info Primary Navigation About About History and Traditions Leadership and Administration Visiting Tulane Why Tulane Facts and Figures Core Values Academics Academics Schools and College Majors and Minors Undergraduate Education Graduate Education Community Engagement Libraries Summer Programs Pre-College Programs Academic Resources Admission & Aid Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Graduate & Professional Admission International Admission Part-Time Studies Cost and Financial Aid Visit and Connect Research Research Health and Bioinnovation Global Studies Environment, Energy and Resilience Centers and Institutes Office of Research Research, Scholarship and Artistic Achievement Awards Life at Tulane Life at Tulane Student Life Campus Life Equity, Diversity and Inclusion City Smarts Entrepreneurship in NOLA Celebrated Events Destinations in NOLA Art and Culture Committed to Community News & Events News & Events Tulane Today Tulanian Magazine Calendar of Events Experts Press Releases Statements Athletics Account Login Email Gibson Online MyTulane Your browser does not support background video Make Way for a Parade of Possibilities Tulane’s motto — non sibi, sed suis — embodies who we are and what we stand for. We are entrepreneurs on the front lines of life-changing technologies, as well as hometown heroes. Tulanians see challenges as opportunities, and strive to improve the lives of others in our own community and around the globe. Academics Make Way for Your Future at Tulane With over 75 majors and minors, Tulane provides a parade of possibilities for your undergraduate experience. We have a well-rounded, interdisciplinary core curriculum that will expose you to the humanities, fine arts, social sciences and sciences. You’ll also participate in TIDES (Tulane Interdisciplinary Experience Seminar) during your first year, giving you an academic lens to view your new home, New Orleans. Visit Undergraduate Admissions New Football Coach Announcement Jon Sumrall has been named the 42nd head coach of Tulane's football program. Sumrall was one of the most successful head coaches in the country the last two seasons. He guided Troy University to a 23-4 record, two Sun Belt Conference championships and a pair of double-digit winning streaks. He was named Sun Belt Conference Coach of Year and was twice named a finalist for the Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year honor. Sumrall returns to Tulane after serving as the Green Wave's Co-Defensive Coordinator for three years (2012-14). Read More Quick Links This is where innovation, education, research and individual vision intersect. Take a look at your future academic experience at Tulane. Majors & Minors Graduate Education Financial Aid Life at Tulane Mar 04 Architecture Lecture Series Mar 08 Pachanga Mar 15 Exhibition Opening and Open House--Tulane University Special Collections Mar 15 MR. BURNS, a Post-Electric Play More Events Tulane News New Orleans Book Festival at Tulane University… The third annual New Orleans Book Festival at Tulane University has… New Orleans Book Festival World Tulane professor tackles inequities in world’s… News Releases Tulane University partners with two iconic New… News Releases Tulane Innovation Institute unveils finalists for… News Releases Tulane mathematician named 2024 Sloan Foundation… Read More News 6823 St. Charles Avenue New Orleans, LA 70118504-865-5000 Maps & Directions Footer Menu II Give to Tulane Medical Center News Footer Contact Us Jobs at Tulane Email MyTulane Gibson Online Land Acknowledgement Copyright Privacy Privacy Copyright