Homepage | Faculty of Law Skip to main content Main navigation Study here Undergraduate study Find out about Access & Outreach initiatives BA in Jurisprudence BA in Jurisprudence with Senior Status BA in Law with Law Studies in Europe Diploma in Legal Studies Postgraduate Taught Degrees Graduate Scholarships Bachelor of Civil Law (BCL) Magister Juris (MJur) MSc in Criminology and Criminal Justice (full-time) MSc in Criminology and Criminal Justice (part-time) MSc in Intellectual Property (part-time) MSc in International Human Rights Law (part-time) MSc in Law and Finance MSc in Taxation (part-time) Postgraduate Diploma in Intellectual Property Law and Practice (part-time) Postgraduate Research Degrees DPhil in Law DPhil in Criminology DPhil in Socio-Legal Studies MPhil in Law MPhil in Criminology MPhil in Socio-Legal Research Research Explore Research Research Groups Research Programmes Postdoctoral Research Fellowships Research Overview Completed DPhil Projects Graduate Discussion Groups Research Stories Law Faculty Blogs Public Engagement and Research Impact Meet our Researchers Research support How to Apply for Research Funding at Oxford Upcoming Research Funding Opportunities Funding and Managing Projects News Events All Events Upcoming events Past events Alumni Events Inaugural Lectures and Special Lectures Sir Jeremy Lever Lecture Series The Clarendon Law Lecture Series The Equality and Diversity Lecture Series People All People Academic postholders Faculty members Faculty officers Researchers Research students Support staff Visiting professors Postgraduate taught students More... About us Access and Outreach Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Academic Visitor Programme Vacancies Contact us Alumni Alumni Networks & Communities Oxford Law Alumni Today Law News Intranet Staff Intranet Information for current students Search Oxford Law Centres and Institutes Bonavero Institute of Human Rights Institute of European and Comparative Law Centre for Criminology Centre for Socio-Legal Studies Oxford Intellectual Property Research Centre A successful return for the Oxford Comparative Moot in German Law! Read the full news article Studying Law at Oxford We are one of the top law schools in the world. Our courses at both undergraduate and postgraduate level build your understanding of legal reasoning, enable you to critically analyse legal situations, and encourage you to confidently present and debate your interpretations. Our students go on to be leaders in their fields and role models for lawyers around the world. Undergraduate Explore our courses and options. See if Oxford Law is for you. Postgraduate Explore our globally recognised taught and research led courses. Customise this page Students & prospective students Legal research & activity Welcome A message from our Dean Welcome to the Faculty of Law at the University of Oxford. We are a welcoming community of students, staff and academics working together to discover, learn and educate in the field of Law. We pride ourselves on delivering a world-class education alongside our impactful research portfolio. Student & Faculty News The Law That Shapes Us: The Ticking Fossil Bomb - Examining the Ramifications of the Russian War on Ukraine on the Climate Change Regime 29 February 2024 Dr Ievgeniia Kopytsia Research Fellow 2024 Oxford Comparative Moot in German Law 27 February 2024 Johannes Ungerer Erich Brost Departmental Lecturer in German Law and EU Law OLBA Changemakers Interview with Henry Louis Gates Jr. 26 February 2024 Thinking Deeply About Law Oxford Introduction to Law in the UK Summer Programme A two week online learning programme to give advanced learners a deep dive into UK law. Including: - More than 60 contact hours, with leading law professors, tutors and distinguished guests - Oxford-style tutorials, seminars and lectures with world leading legal experts - a Certificate of Attendance Programme homepage Events Tags Run by us Run by others 05 March 2024 "We did not come alive in Britain: From Anti-colonialism to Abolition" - Adam Elliott-Cooper Event time 16:15 - 17:30 Venue HYBRID SEMINAR - Criminology Seminar Room Speaker(s) Adam Elliott-Cooper, Lecturer in Social and Public Policy in the School of Politics and International Relations, Queen Mary University of London 06 March 2024 OxBHR Hybrid Seminar: The Counter: Assisting civil society to challenge corporate power Event time 12:30 - 13:45 Venue Bonavero Institute of Human Rights - Gilly Leventis Meeting Room Speaker(s) Misa NORIGAMI, Corporate researcher, the Centre for Research on Multinational Corporations (SOMO) 06 March 2024 Rethinking Sexual Offences: Responsibility rather than Consent Event time 12:30 - 14:00 Venue Faculty of Law - White & Case Room Speaker(s) Jonathan Herring 06 March 2024 The Duty to Pay Damages Event time 12:45 Venue St John's College Speaker(s) James Goudkamp Getting to know us Summer schools & access programmes To best serve all of society the legal profession needs a true diversity of thought . We are looking for candidates who have curious and critical minds and the intellectual potential to quickly absorb information, sift it, develop arguments and see different viewpoints. If you want to see what it's like and if this is for you then take a look at our outreach events and activities. Or simply read more on our website for more of a taste. Find out about our access and outreach programmes Information for Current Students Online Student Noticeboard General information for students Mooting in Oxford Graduate discussion groups Careers Canvas Find out about careers opportunities, social events, conferences, prizes etc on the online noticeboard. Online Student Noticeboard This page contains links to information about the lecture list, careers, discussion groups, college law societies, the Freshfields Stephen Lawrence scholarship and more. Information for current students Information about mooting The Law Faculty has a wide range of discussion groups, generally led by our graduate research students. Find out more The Faculty offers a wide range of career support and opportunities. Find out more about career support Canvas is the University's virtual learning environment for teaching and learning. Log in to Canvas Oscola The Oxford University Standard for Citation of Legal Authorities is designed to facilitate accurate citation of authorities, legislation, and other legal materials. It is widely used in law schools and by journal and book publishers in the UK and beyond. Find out more about OSCOLA @OxfordLawFac On Facebook On LinkedIn On Youtube Study here Postgraduate courses Undergraduate courses Find out about Cookies on this site Our Accessibility Statement Vacancies Contact us The Faculty of Law, University of Oxford, St Cross Building, St Cross Road, Oxford OX1 3UL Enquiries: See Contact us Copyright University of Oxford Privacy policy Oxford login Non-Oxford login