Home of the Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion - health.gov Skip to content Skip to navigation U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion health.gov search Our Work National Health Initiatives Equitable Long-Term Recovery and Resilience Healthy People Healthy Aging Health Literacy Nutrition & Physical Activity Dietary Guidelines Physical Activity Guidelines Move Your Way® Community Resources National Youth Sports Strategy President's Council Food Is Medicine White House Conference on Hunger, Nutrition, and Health Your Health MyHealthfinder Move Your Way® News & Events About ODPHP Our Director Quality Guidelines Committees & Workgroups Previous Initiatives Contact Us Fulltext search Home Spotlight: It's Time to Celebrate Nutrition! 🧨 Nutritious diets play a key role in helping individuals stay healthy throughout their lives. Read more Food & Nutrition Learn about the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, the nation’s go-to source for evidence-based nutrition recommendations. Physical Activity Check out the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans for recommendations to improve health by getting the nation moving. Health Literacy Explore health literacy and communication tools, research, initiatives, and other professional resources. Recovery & Resilience Check out the Federal Plan for Equitable Long-Term Recovery and Resilience, which provides a vision and recommended actions to help all people and places thrive. Healthy People Learn about Healthy People, the initiative that sets national objectives to help improve health and well-being for all people. President’s Council on Sports, Fitness & Nutrition Learn how the President's Council on Sports, Fitness & Nutrition (PCSFN) works to motivate people of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities to lead active, healthy lives. Get updates from health.gov Follow us @HealthGov and @FitnessGov Find Health.gov on Facebook Find the Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion on LinkedIn Sign up for all email updates — including news and information about ODPHP initiatives, real-time updates, and weekly digests Follow the health.gov Blog to learn about upcoming events, news, and expert insights about public health in practiceConnect with us Accessibility Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act Disclaimers Copyright Policy Viewers & Players Nondiscrimination Notice Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Política de divulgación de vulnerabilidad Language Assistance Available Español Tagalog Français Deutsch 繁體中文 Русский Polski 日本語 简体中文 العربية Português فارسی Tiếng Việt Kreyòl Ayisyen Italiano English 한국어 Last updated: January 31, 2023 This site is coordinated by the Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Office of the Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion | Contact Us U.S. Department of Health and Human Services OASH - Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion The Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion (ODPHP) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website. Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by ODPHP or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website. You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link. HHS is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private websites. Cancel Continue to your destination: