phillytrib.com | The Voice of the African American Community. Skip to main content Follow the Philadelphia Tribune Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Home Submission Forms Careers Local Weather News Local Across America State and Region Nation & World Business Politics Metros Lifestyle Out and About Divine Nine Tuesday's Child Health Back in the Day Entertainment Music Movies Television The Arts Opinion The Learning Key Obituaries Sports Basketball Football Baseball High Schools Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Digital Editions The Philadelphia Tribune e-Edition The Tribune Metro e-Edition The Learning Key About Us Our History Contact Us Job Listings Sign Up For Newsletter Site search Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Toggle navigation Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Submission Forms Careers Local Weather News Local Across America State and Region Nation & World Business Politics Metros Lifestyle Out and About Divine Nine Tuesday's Child Health Back in the Day Entertainment Music Movies Television The Arts Opinion The Learning Key Obituaries Sports Basketball Football Baseball High Schools Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Digital Editions The Philadelphia Tribune e-Edition The Tribune Metro e-Edition The Learning Key About Us Our History Contact Us Job Listings Sign Up For Newsletter Man shot, killed onboard a SEPTA bus in South Philly, officials say Man shot, killed onboard a SEPTA bus in South Philly, officials say Biden and Trump begin to rack up wins as Super Tuesday moves them closer to November rematch Biden and Trump begin to rack up wins as Super Tuesday moves them closer to November rematch Teaching life changing skills at Boys Latin Charter High School Teaching life changing skills at Boys Latin Charter High School State trooper placed on restrictive duty in arrest of city official State trooper placed on restrictive duty in arrest of city official Malcolm Kenyatta's legislation calls for study of solutions for 'benefits cliff' Malcolm Kenyatta's legislation calls for study of solutions for 'benefits cliff' Local News Local News Councilman Isaiah Thomas wants to ask you how to make Philly streets safer Kiara Santos TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Mar 1, 2024 Councilman Isaiah Thomas announced Friday that in an effort to help better protect Philadelphia drivers, he will be requesting feedback from the public on how to keep the city’s streets safe. $20M from White House to help close Pa.’s digital divide Marco Cerino TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Philadelphia man exonerated after spending nearly 30 years on death row Philadelphia teachers call on school district to change sick time policy Chanel Hill TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Philadelphia's City Council OKs new committee on diversity, equity and inclusion practices Marco Cerino TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Escaped Philly prisoner captured by US Marshals David Chang, Hayden Mitman and Dan Stamm NBC10 Show More Local News >> Across America +2 Across America Black women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack TERRY TANG and MICHAEL CASEY Mar 4, 2024 0 BOSTON — Regina Lawless hit a professional high at 40, becoming the first director of diversity and inclusion for Instagram. But after her husband died suddenly in 2021, she pondered whether she had neglected her personal life and what it means for Black woman to succeed in the corporate world. Read moreBlack women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack Chicago 'mansion' tax to fund homeless services stuck in legal limbo while on the ballot Sophia Tareen No twerking. No drinking. No smoking. But it's still a party at this Christian nightclub Luis Andres Henao Jessie Wardarski Paramedic gets 5 years in prison for Elijah McClain's death in rare case against medical responders COLLEEN SLEVIN and MATTHEW BROWN Black Americans' significant economic and civil rights progress threatened, report says MATT BROWN Lawyers press judge to disqualify Fani Willis over romantic relationship that threatens Trump case KATE BRUMBACK and ALANNA DURKIN RICHER Show More Across America >> State & Region +3 State & Region Service cuts are hurting Delaware student wellness centers, especially at high needs schools, advocates say Sarah Mueller, WHYY Mar 4, 2024 0 Pediatrician Priscilla Mpasi was working at the Kuumba Academy Charter School’s wellness center when a fifth grader came to the clinic again t… Read moreService cuts are hurting Delaware student wellness centers, especially at high needs schools, advocates say Three trains involved in 'collision and derailment' in eastern Pa. Pennsylvania sets up election security task force ahead of 2024 presidential contest MARC LEVY Officials describe how gunman killed 5 relatives and set Pennsylvania house on fire MARYCLAIRE DALE HBCU Cheyney leaders call process of giving university its accreditation status ‘unfair' Chanel Hill TTRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Show More State & Region >> Nation & World News Georgia pushes group to sanction prosecutors as Fani Willis faces removal from Trump case JEFF AMY 5 hrs ago 0 ATLANTA — A Georgia commission with powers to discipline and remove prosecutors needs only Gov. Brian Kemp's approval before it can begin operations, possibly disrupting Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis' prosecution of former President Donald Trump. Read moreGeorgia pushes group to sanction prosecutors as Fani Willis faces removal from Trump case Sen. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona says she won't seek reelection JONATHAN J. COOPER As Biden prepares to address the nation, more than 6 in 10 US adults doubt his mental capability JOSH BOAK and AMELIA THOMSON-DEVEAUX Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack MARK SHERMAN Kamala Harris leads Bloody Sunday memorial as marchers' voices ring out for voting rights Kim Chandler Show More Nation & World >> Opinion No one is above the law! From the time Donald Trump was brought to our attention by running for United States preside… W.E.B. Du Bois’ study ‘The Philadelphia Negro’ at 125 still explains roots of the urban Black experience – sociologist Elijah Anderson tells why it should be on more reading lists W.E.B. Du Bois is widely known for his civil rights activism, but many sociologists argue th… Do Philly's white law firms discriminate against Black attorneys? This is volume 35 of my monthly column entitled “Black Dollars Matter.” As I point out each … Editorial: Urge cease-fire in Gaza now More than 30,000 Palestinians have been killed in the Gaza Strip since the start of the Isra… Show More Opinion >> Obituaries James H. Gaskins Jr has died James H. Gaskins Jr. died on Friday, Feb. 23, 2024. Charles Baxley Charles Baxley died on February 20, 2024. He is survived by many loving family and friends. … Janet Kern, employee relations specialist, dies at 71 Janet Kern, an employee relations specialist for the Social Security Administration, died on… Mary C. Randall, retired school principal, dies at 77 Mary C. Randall, a retired school principal, died of lung cancer on Sunday, Feb. 18, 2024. S… Show More Obituaries >> This week's Learning Key Learning Key Sports +2 76ers continue program to help small businesses across Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce retires after 13 NFL seasons and 1 Super Bowl ring The Philadelphia Phillies are scrapping $1 hot dog nights following unruly fan behavior Tiger Woods’ comeback at the Hero World Challenge proves he’s not ready to ‘sail off into the sunset’ Bucks beat 76ers 119-98 in Doc Rivers' return to Philadelphia Health The Covid-19 pandemic killed off one strain of the flu, and that will change the next vaccines Tips to be Fit: Eating nutritious food should be a healthy habit 61,000 pounds of Trader Joe’s chicken soup dumplings recalled due to possible contamination with hard plastic How can I find out if I have prostate cancer? A urologist explains First over-the-counter birth control pill in US ships to retailers, costing about $20 for one-month pack Entertainment Sinbad is back after a stroke: ‘Miracles happen’ The cast of ‘A Different World’ launch HBCU tour to fund scholarships and boost enrollment Jeffrey Wright is finally in the Oscar hunt. He’s ready What's the 411? Disney+ presents groundbreaking series 'Iwájú' Sign up for our Morning Newsletter Videos sponsored by: Recent Videos WATCH: Kimmel Center honors Marian Anderson with hall dedication Before the conclusion of Black History Month, the Philadelphia Kimmel Center rededicated its current Verizon Hall after the late Marian Anderson, an African American pioneer in the world of Opera. Submit Your News & Events We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Go to form Submit An Obituary Obituaries and death notices are paid. The editorial department may decide to cover someone's passing. Go to form Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented ArticlesCouncilman Isaiah Thomas wants to ask you how to make Philly streets saferThe cast of ‘A Different World’ launch HBCU tour to fund scholarships and boost enrollmentBlack women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attackThe CDC has relaxed COVID guidelines. Will schools and day cares follow suit? Images VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Latest e-Edition The Philadelphia Tribune The Philadelphia Tribune Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Supplements Magazines 2024 Winter Sojourner Fall 2023 Sojourner Lifestyles Tips to be Fit: Eating nutritious food should be a healthy habit Ballet X returns for its 'Spring Series' Back in the Day: Recent Super Bowl commercials pale in comparison to past ones Philadelphia Flower show returns at the Convention Center Book Review: 'Language City' looks at how NYC brings communication together In Wilmington, barrier-breaking ballet star Misty Copeland inspires young dancers Collages at Philly’s Print Center reimagine race and portraiture Back in the Day: Name misspellings were more common in the past Business Winfrey leaving WeightWatchers board, donating all of her interest in the company to a museum Nearing five years of existence, ECO Foundation is a hub for residents, who face marginalization. Comcast Business Spotlight: Win Win Coffee Booker's owners Tracey and Cheri Syphax approach one-year anniversary Vic Fangio has been hired by the Philadelphia Eagles to be their defensive coordinator Sections Home News Metros Lifestyle Religion Sports Entertainment The Learning Key Obituaries Commentary Services About Us Advertise with Us Careers Contact Us Newspaper Sales Locations by ZIP Code Submission Forms Subscriptions Site Use and Privacy Policy Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Contact Information phillytrib.com 520 S. 16th Street Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 215-893-4050 Email: info@phillytrib.com Phillytrib.com has met the standards for accessible design and is compliant with the American Disabilities Act. (ADA) × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 phillytrib.com 520 S. 16th Street, Philadelphia, PA Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.