Barefoot Shoes for Running, Hiking, and Walking - Xero Shoes TRY YOUR XERO SHOES RISK-FREE FOR 45 DAYS If you’ve changed your mind within 45 days of purchase, simply return your items for a full refund (including shipping) or exchange them for a different size. Although we’ll accept worn shoes, we’d kindly ask you to return them in new condition if possible! Please refer to our returns and exchanges page for more details. FREE RETURNS & EXCHANGES We’re happy to offer free domestic returns and exchanges (including shipping) for unworn shoes and sandals within 45 days of purchase. Please refer to our returns and exchanges page for more details. Skip to content USA Shipping: $4.99 or less for 1st item. $2.99 for each additional. USA: FREE STANDARD SHIPPING for Orders Over $49!USA: Free Shipping + Our "You'll Love 'em" Guarantee! Try them risk-free for 45 days! Free returns & exchanges! We ship globally WIN a $100 Gift Certificate! Call 1-800-499-8880 Store Locator My Account Men Men: submenu What's New Best Sellers ↳ Prio ↳ HFS II Clearance Shoes All Men’s Shoes Shoes Sandals Boots DIY Accessories & More Accessories & More Gear Foot Care Laces, Straps, etc. Gift Certificates Shop by Activity Running / Fitness Casual Wear Hiking / Trail Water Activities FEATURED PRODUCT Scrambler Mid Ultra-Light Hiking Boot With Michelin Fiberlite Sole Shop Scrambler Mid Women Women: submenu What’s New Best Sellers ↳ Prio ↳ HFS II Clearance Shoes All Women’s Shoes Shoes Sandals Boots DIY Accessories Accessories & More Gear Foot Care Laces, Straps, etc. Gift Certificates Shop by Activity Running / Fitness Casual Wear Hiking / Trail Water Activities FEATURED PRODUCT HFS II Lightweight Road Runner Shop HFS II Kids Find Your Shoe Learn More Learn More: submenu Choosing the Right Shoe for You Which Xeros are Right for You? FAQs Read Customer Reviews Useful Hints and Tips Natural, Pain-Free Running Flat Feet, High Arches, and the Support Myth Walking the Natural Way Barefoot Myths and TRUTH Our Company The (Funny!) Xero Shoes Story Meet the Xero Team See Us on Shark Tank! We Support the Tarahumara We're Hiring! Updates from the Xero Team Blog - The Latest from Xero Press XeroShoes.TV - Guaranteed Laughs Learn About Minimalist Shoes Minimalist Sandals | Barefoot Shoes Barefoot Sandals | Huarache Sandals Tarahumara Sandals Featured Product Born to Run Shoes The trail and road shoes natural running experts love Shop BTR Shoes Support Support: submenu Sizing and Fitting Sizing Instructions Adjust your Sandals for a Perfect Fit Do It Yourself (DIY) Support How to Make FeelTrue Sandal Kits DIY Huarache Sandal Plans Sandal Tying Styles More Support Resources Contact Us Store Locator Shipping Info Track your order Our 5,000 Mile Sole Warranty Return and Exchange Policy Learn About Minimalist Shoes Minimalist Sandals Minimalist Boots | Barefoot Shoes Barefoot Sandals Barefoot Boots FEATURED PRODUCT Aqua Cloud Lightweight sport sandal with easy lacing Shop Aqua Cloud Search for: 0 Your Shopping Cart Enjoy the Natural Comfort of Barefoot Shoes Genuine comfort comes from letting your feet do what's natural - bending, flexing, moving, feeling. Xero Shoes let them do that. Our customers say it's "life-changing." Find your new favorite barefoot shoes here... FIND YOUR SHOE Xero Shoes provide natural comfort by letting your feet do what is natural - bending, flexing, moving, and feeling. Feel the Freedom and Fun Remember being a kid on a warm summer day? Kicking off your shoes, feeling the earth under your feet. Running, walking, climbing for FUN. Discover how you can have that barefoot feeling all the time, at any age... Why you'll love your Xero Shoes Like your body, our SOLE is the foundation of everything we do. Letting your foot move naturally, plus giving you just-right protection, support, and comfort... and backed by our 5,000 mile sole warranty! Natural Fit Wide toe boxes let your toes spread and relax. "Zero-drop" non-elevated heel for proper posture. Natural Feel Our patented FeelTrue sole lets you safely Feel The World, protecting your foot while giving your brain the feedback and stimulation your brain wants. Natural Motion Flexible soles let your foot bend and flex naturally. Low-to-the-ground design for balance and agility. 5,000 mile sole warranty Over 61,000 5-star reviews! Natural Fit, Feel and Motion Barefoot Shoes For Everything You Do Shop Hike / Trail Shoes Shop Casual Sandals Shop Boots Shop Sports Sandals Shop Lifestyle / Casual Shoes Shop Running / Fitness Shoes Shop Lifestyle / Casual Shoes Shop Hiking Shoes Shop Huarache-Style Sandals Shop Lifestyle / Casual Shoes Shop Running / Fitness Shoes Feel the fun and freedom of Natural Movement SHOP WOMEN SHOP MEN LET US HELP YOU FIND THE PERFECT XERO SHOE FOR YOU Not sure where to start? Use our handy guide to find the perfect barefoot shoe, sandal, or boot for your next adventure. Find the right Xero for you YOU'LL JOIN A WORLDWIDE COMMUNITY WHO'VE FOUND THE TRUTH ABOUT BAREFOOT SHOES & NATURAL MOVEMENT! People in 97 countries are enjoying the comfort, freedom, and fun of Xero Shoes! "I am in love with the out of box comfort and no b.s. quality of the shoe" ★★★★★ Chase B. "I've never been so comfortable in shoes before." ★★★★★ Brittanie W. "...the only shoes I wore on a 2-week road trip through Utah, Wyoming and Montana" ★★★★★ Andrew T. Over 61,000 5-Star Reviews Signup for Special Offers We promise to only send you great deals, info, inspiration, and FUN! Sign me up Proud Partner of the US Olympic Artistic Swimming Team Xero Shoes has been featured on Let us help you Sizing Instructions Fit Instructions Privacy Terms of Service Join the Xero Circle Be a Xero Affiliate Avoiding Fake Sites About Us Accessibility Support We're Hiring! Your orders Your Account Order Status Our Warranty Exchanges and Returns Shipping and Handling International Orders Xero Shoes EU Xero Shoes UK Xero Shoes 1-800-499-8880 or 1-303-447-3100 Call Us M-F, 9-5, Mountain Time Xero Shoes Store11777 East 55th Ave.Suite 101 Denver, CO 80239 View map Store Locator Popular Searches Barefoot Shoes Minimalist Shoes Zero-drop Shoe Our Featured Product SCRAMBLER MID Ultra-light hiking boot with Michelin Fiberlite sole View Product All materials on this website © 2024. Feel the World, Inc, 320 Interlocken Parkway, Suite 100, Broomfield, CO 80021. ✕ Please select a store Select the website closest to you for the lowest prices and fastest shipping times. XeroShoes.com XeroShoes.eu Warranty Info When people ask, “How long will my Xero Shoes last?” we say, “We don’t know, but it’s going to be a long, long time!”That’s why we offer this 5,000 mile sole warranty.If you wear your FeelTrue® outsoles (or FeelTrue® section of Z-Trail) down to less than 1mm thick at the ball or heel of the foot (not an edge), we’ll replace them with the same product for the following price:60% off MSRP (full, non-sale, listed, retail price) for the product, plus shipping.We also offer a 24 Month Manufacturing Warranty, which covers defects and flaws that may happen in the first two years. We will offer a free replacement for orders that qualify.If you have a manufacturing concern, please email our Customer Happiness team at [email protected] with photos of the issue and your order number. We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse on our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more at our Privacy Policy.Got it! Our "You'll Love 'em" Guarantee If you've changed your mind within 45 days of purchase, simply return your items for a full refund (including shipping, if applicable) or exchange them for a different size. This special offer only applies to domestic orders made between January 26, 2022 and February 09, 2022. Although we'll accept worn shoes, we'd kindly ask you to return them in new condition if possible!