The University of Oklahoma Skip Navigation The University of Oklahoma Search: search Toggle navigation ABOUT ADMISSIONS ACADEMICS CAMPUS LIFE RESEARCH NEWS ATHLETICS There's Only One About OU Admissions & Aid Academics Campus Life Research News Athletics Resources For Current Students Prospective Students Families & Visitors Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends The Big Picture Visit OU Campus Map (pdf) University Libraries Photo Galleries Calendar & Events Museums Good to Know Office of the President University Leadership Colleges & Departments Diversity & Inclusion Campus Safety THERE’S ONLY ONE THERE’S GREATNESS AHEAD OF YOU There's Only One Oklahoma For over 131 years, the University of Oklahoma continues to stand apart as a beacon of diverse thinking and unbound exploration. By channeling the strengths of the many, here one is empowered to work in any way, become anything, and arrive anywhere. Begin your journey with the OU Family today. APPLY LEARN MORE See our beautiful campuses in Norman, Tulsa and Oklahoma City. VISIT LEARN MORE Lead On | The University of Oklahoma's Campaign for the Future GIVE LEARN MORE 3 Campuses 31,000+ Students $416.6M Research Expenditures 170+ AcademicPrograms Learn about OK-1 Cancer Drug Learn about our Multi-National First-Year Class Learn about Our Championship Team - - - Endless Possibilities When you merge tremendous effort with humility, then infuse that with a healthy dose of resilience, the potential to make an impact is limitless. NEWS 54th Speaker of U.S. House of Representatives Paul Ryan to Speak at University of Oklahoma March 27 March 04, 2024 Paul Ryan, who served as the 54th speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 2015 to 2019, will present “The State of American Politics” during the spring 2024 Presidential Speakers Series dinner at 6 p.m. on Wednesday, March 27 in the Oklahoma Memorial Union, 900 Asp Ave. The Presidential Speakers Series hosts conversations between OU President Joseph Harroz Jr. and nationally renowned guest speakers to foster constructive and enlightening dialogue on some of the most pressing issues facing American society today. Read more 54th Speaker of U.S. House of Representatives Paul Ryan to Speak at University of Oklahoma March 27 March 04, 2024 OU Professor Champions Support of Children of Incarcerated Parents Read more Read article: OU Professor Champions Support of Children of Incarcerated Parents Read article: OU Professor Champions Support of Children of Incarcerated Parents February 28, 2024 Center of Excellence for Rectal Cancer Accreditation Earned by OU Health Stephenson Cancer Center Read more Read article: Center of Excellence for Rectal Cancer Accreditation Earned by OU Health Stephenson Cancer Center Read article: Center of Excellence for Rectal Cancer Accreditation Earned by OU Health Stephenson Cancer Center February 28, 2024 OU’s Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts Celebrates Centennial Read more Read article: OU’s Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts Celebrates Centennial Read article: OU’s Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts Celebrates Centennial READ MORE NEWS Research The University of Oklahoma is a comprehensive research university, located on three campuses in Norman, Oklahoma City and Tulsa. OU is designated by the Carnegie Foundation as a Highest Research Activity institution, placing it in the highest tier of comprehensive research universities in the nation. Read More 125+ Countries Represented 400+ Student Organizations Campus Life & Community With over 400 organizations and events to explore, it’s an unrivaled chance to expand your world. At the University of Oklahoma, you have innumerable resources, as well as a shared determination of 30,000 others, to find your calling. Our nationally ranked athletics program, while an anchor of the university, is another outstanding facet of a vibrant campus life. Read More OUR CAMPUSES Woven seamlessly, and proudly, into the essence of Oklahoma, each of our campuses are centers of innovation and educational excellence. And what sustains this level of achievement is grit and dogged determination. Norman The University of Oklahoma in Norman is the flagship university and research institution for the state of Oklahoma. Tulsa The University of Oklahoma-Tulsa offers a wide range of 30+ undergraduate, Master’s, and Doctorate level degrees. Health Sciences Center The University of Oklahoma’s Health Sciences Center boasts one of the few comprehensive academic campuses in the nation. OU Online OU Online offers high-quality, affordable, professional undergraduate and graduate programs that are committed to maintaining excellence in an online format. Oklahoma The Sooner State is elevated by its populous attitude, where opportunity is supported by a nurturing, spirited, and driven community. In the city of Norman, located 30 minutes south of Oklahoma City, our flagship university flourishes. It’s a vibrant, progressive college town, merged with a diverse, business-forward culture. VISIT NORMAN EXPLORE OKC EXPLORE TULSA FOLLOW US The University of Oklahoma 660 Parrington Oval, Norman, OK 73019-0390 (405) 325-0311 Accessibility Sustainability HIPAA OU Job Search Policies Legal Notices Copyright Resources and Offices OU Report It! Updated 3/4/2024 by The University of Oklahoma: marcomm@ou.edu