Analytics India Magazine | Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning Skip to content About Advertise Conferences Research Community Contact Us Menu About Advertise Conferences Research Community Contact Us Search Search Close this search box. AI Breakthroughs Innovation in AI AI Origins & Evolution AI Mysteries Intellectual AI Discussion Branded Content Menu AI Breakthroughs Innovation in AI AI Origins & Evolution AI Mysteries Intellectual AI Discussion Branded Content Meet the Real-time NoSQL Database Leading India’s Explosive UPI Growth Shritama Saha Recognising the increasing complexity of identity resolution, Aerospike expanded its offerings to include the document model (JSON) and an SQL interface and eventually entered the graph database space. This Bengaluru-based AI Startup is Helping Reduce Carbon Footprint Shyam Nandan Upadhyay They are building a database of projects for carbon reduction, simulating the best solutions for customers based on cost and targets. How BharatGPT’s Hanooman is Changing the Face of AI in India Siddharth Jindal The first-four open-source models in the Hanooman series (1.5 billion, 7 billion, 13 billion, and 40 billion parameters) are set to be released soon. Thanks Google, India Now Takes AI Regulation Seriously Vandana Nair And, it favours India, not the world. World Economic Forum Partners with Karnataka to Establish AI Centre Shyam Nandan Upadhyay Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Google Gemini Fiasco: ‘Saying Sorry is Not Enough!’ Shyam Nandan Upadhyay OpenAI Enhances ChatGPT’s Voice Modality Feature Vandana Nair IT Minister Announces Bharat Semiconductor Research Centre Shyam Nandan Upadhyay L&T and Intel Partner to Advance Edge-AI Solutions to Enhance Smart Cities Shyam Nandan Upadhyay Gupshup Launches LLM-Based Conversation Cloud with SaaS Tools for B2C Interactions Shritama Saha Cloudflare Unveils AI Features to Prevent Security Attacks Shritama Saha Featured 10 Most Influential Data & Analytics Leaders in India’s BFSI Sector, 2024 Unveiling the pioneers shaping the future of India’s BFSI sector through innovative data analytics and leadership. What to Expect at NVIDIA GTC 2024 Traditionally centred around data centres, workstations, and top-tier GPUs, GTC has undergone a transformation to now focus on AI, a Democratize data analysis and insights generation through the seamless translation of Natural Language into SQL queries By leveraging custom scoring algorithms and integrating business context into algorithmic analysis, the framework streamlines SQL query generation from English Praxis Tech School & MachineHack to Kickoff the ‘Data Science Student Championship 2024’ The two-month-long spectacle, starting on February 29, 2024, and concluding on April 25, 2024, promises the participants an exceptional platform Subscribe to The Belamy: Our Weekly Newsletter Biggest Tech stories, delivered to your inbox every week. Email Subscribe Spotlight Anthropic Claude 3 Opus Beats OpenAI GPT-4 Siddharth Jindal 04/03/2024 It’s only about time OpenAI releases GPT-5 The Real Reason Why Elon Musk is Suing OpenAI Shritama Saha 04/03/2024 Musk, a former founding member of the company, invested $50 million in OpenAI in 2014. ‘AI Advisory Will Not Apply to Startups,’ Clarifies Rajeev Chandrasekhar Siddharth Jindal 04/03/2024 “The advisory aims to prevent untested AI platforms from deploying on the Indian Internet,” added Chandrasekhar. 100% FDI in Space to Drive Investments in India Shyam Nandan Upadhyay 04/03/2024 While FDI flows dwindled to a 16-year low of a mere 0.6%, Indian space-tech startups witnessed a significant 62% surge AI Forum for India. Our Discord Community for AI Ecosystem, In collaboration with NVIDIA. Join Today >> Endless Origins Explore the vibrant nexus of data science, AI, and human ingenuity in this realm of endless possibilities. OpenAI Goes After Blue-Collar Jobs Siddharth Jindal 02/03/2024 The prospect of a world where humans are liberated from routine jobs doesn’t seem too bad. Bhavish Aggarwal’s AI Chatbot is High on Hallucinations But There is a Silver Lining Pritam Bordoloi 01/03/2024 The only saving grace for Krutrim so far is that it is still in beta version. Apple’s EV Dreams Crash, Gaze Shifts to GenAI Tasmia Ansari 01/03/2024 Clearly, in contrast to expectations, Apple’s lasting legacy will not be due to their autonomous EV. The Brain Behind Oracle Cloud Siddharth Jindal 29/02/2024 Pradeep Vincent, joined Oracle back in 2014 and is one of the founding members of OCI. Google Gemini Image Generation Fiasco: Sergey Brin Says, ‘We Messed Up’ Siddharth Jindal 03/03/2024 Google plans to resume the image generation capabilities of Gemini soon. The OpenAI Corner OpenAI Tests Source Classifier Tool for DALL·E-Generated Images Shritama Saha 16/01/2024 The company is also collaborating with the National Association of Secretaries of State, a nonpartisan group for public officials to What to Expect from the GPT Store Sandhra Jayan 10/01/2024 The GPT Store allows users, specifically ChatGPT Plus and enterprise subscribers, to sell and share tailored AI agents based on How GPT-4 Fast-Tracked Novice Developers to Pros in Less Than a Year Vandana Nair 03/01/2024 GPT-4 not just helps you code in Python but also teaches you Python coding Quixotic Intellectuals Celebrating unorthodox thinkers and visionary trailblazers who reshape our world with their insatiable curiosity and passion for innovation. Marlabs Sets Sights on Making India the Epicenter of its AI Initiatives DataRobot is Open to Hosting IndicLLMs on its Platform How AWS is Helping Telcos Become Techcos Is AI Disconnected from Reality? Popular Voice Slowly Catching Up on Multimodal AI Features Vandana Nair 02/03/2024 The sudden growth of lip-sync and voice integrated features to complement AI-generated videos is helping ‘voice’ find prominence in a In Case You Missed It Google Targets Misinformation Through ‘Shakti’ Ahead of 2024 Elections Elon Musk Sues OpenAI as it Inches Closer Towards AGI ADaSci Launches Certified Generative AI Engineer Program AI Startup Funding & Acquisition Report 2024 – India Edge of Innovation Saving Lives One Beat at a Time, Dozee Redefines Hospital Safety K L Krithika Dozee’s sensors track patient health and movements wirelessly, making their hospital stays safer and easier. Our boldest stories, spotlighting trailblazing technologies, audacious discoveries, and creative visionaries. Now Open Source Projects Can Make Money K L Krithika Polar emerges as a game-changer in open source funding, giving developers new ways to monetise their work beyond traditional donations. NVIDIA Researchers Make Indic AI Model to Talk to their Spouses’ Indian Parents Mohit Pandey The four researchers triumphed in the LIMMITS ’24 challenge, which tasked participants with replicating a speaker’s voice in real-time in different languages. Diggibyte Technologies is Certified as Best Firm for Data Engineers Analytics India Magazine The Best Firm certification surveys a company’s data and analytics employees to identify and recognise organisations with great company cultures Inside Pixxel’s Spacecraft Manufacturing Facility Shyam Nandan Upadhyay India’s Effort to Speak the Language of AI Pritam Bordoloi Synaptics is Open to Packaging its Chips in India Pritam Bordoloi Mystery Vault Unravel enigmatic tales, solve data-driven puzzles, and uncover hidden knowledge in this captivating corner 10 Futuristic Gadgets Announced at MWC 2024 K L Krithika 29/02/2024 MWC 2024 dazzled enthusiasts with a tech buffet, serving up everything AI can possibly do. Top 11 Data Centre Projects in India 2024 Shyam Nandan Upadhyay 28/02/2024 Here are some upcoming noteworthy data centre projects in India in 2024 and beyond to watch out for 9 Latest Videos by OpenAI’s Sora That will Amaze You Vandana Nair 25/02/2024 OpenAI’s new set of AI-generated videos using Sora continues to showcase the new model’s superiority. 6 Trending Computer Vision Models on GitHub Tasmia Ansari 19/02/2024 New paradigms of computer vision are being explored since real-world use cases are on the rise. 10 Mind-Blowing Videos Created by Sora K L Krithika 18/02/2024 OpenAI released Sora, a text-to-video model that crafts realistic videos from text, capturing complex scenes with accuracy. 6 Text-to-Video Generative AI Models Tasmia Ansari 16/02/2024 Over two years, text-to-video AI models has evolved from producing noisy to hyper-realistic results. Video Qualcomm Provides IIIT Hyderabad with Grants to Develop Edge AI Use Cases Pritam Bordoloi 01/03/2024 This is the latest among Qualcomm’s ongoing initiatives to strengthen the R&D ecosystem in India Our mission is to bring about better-informed and more conscious decisions about technology through authoritative, influential, and trustworthy journalism. Shape The Future of Tech CONTACT US ⟶ AIM discovers new ideas and breakthroughs that create new relationships, new industries, and new ways of thinking. AIM is the crucial source of knowledge and concepts that make sense of a reality that is always changing. Our discussions shed light on how technology is transforming many facets of our life, from business to society to culture. Facebook Twitter Youtube Linkedin Instagram Download our Mobile App Who we are About Us Newsletters Podcast Videos Events Careers Web Stories Contact Us OUR brands AIM Research MachineHack Best Firm Certification AIM Leaders Council Association of Data Scientists AIM Recruits AI Forum for India Lattice - ML Journal OUR Services Advertise with us Branded Content Bespoke Events Hackathons Recruitment Services Talent Assessment Research & Advisory Corporate Trainings Bespoke Market Research our conferences Cypher MachineCon India MachineCon USA Machine Learning Developers Summit The Rising Data Engineering Summit AWARDS & lists Upcoming Awards & Lists PeMa Quadrant AI100 Awards Minsky Awards for Excellence in AI 40 under 40 Data Scientists DE&I IN TECH LEADERSHIP AWARDS Data Engineering Awards BEST FIRMS FOR Diversity & Inclusion IN TECH AWARDS FOR DEVELOPERS Community Hackathons Practice Skills Courses Job Board Technical Blogs Chartered Data Scientist Designation © Analytics India Magazine Pvt Ltd & AIM Media House LLC 2024 Terms of use Privacy Policy Copyright Subscribe to Our Newsletter The Belamy, our weekly Newsletter is a rage. Just enter your email below. Email Subscribe Name Email Phone Organization Designation DOWNLOAD