Human Rights Campaign Skip to Content Cookies in use The Human Rights Campaign uses cookies to improve your site experience. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more, please read our Privacy Policy. Accept More Information Human Rights Campaign Shop Donate Search Menu Human Rights Campaign Close Our Work Resources Get Involved About In Your Area News Search Manage Your Membership Equality Magazine Careers Press Contact Shop Donate Add your name and demand for the immediate removal of Ryan Walters! Education officials have horrifically failed to protect Nex Benedict, a 16-year-old non-binary Oklahoma high school student. Extremists are bringing the politics of hate into our schools and making our kids pay the price. Oklahoma State Superintendent Ryan Walters is directly responsible for creating the hostile environment that contributed to the death of Nex. He is a dangerous and bigoted politician who has a horrific anti-equality record. Enough is enough! Oklahomans — and every kid across the country — deserve better. Demand the removal of education officials who promote the politics of hate! Take Action Now! Take Action Now! Breaking down barriers that divide us We are more powerful together than apart, and we’ve never been more energized or more focused. Our work centers on three pillars of action to end discrimination and fight for change at every level — and for every single one of us. Mobilizing Equality Voters nationwide Mobilize Educating the public & the community about LGBTQ+ issues Educate Advancing pro-equality policy & litigation Advocate Making history is what we do! Since 1980, we’ve led the way in fighting for LGBTQ+ equality and inclusion. Stronger Than Hate Empowering Our Future Building Power in Our Communities Fronts for Equality A newly energized and passionate force of LGBTQ+ people and allies is calling attention to the most urgent opportunities for change — and making that change a reality. Support Trans, Non-Binary and Gender-Expansive Youth: Demand Justice For Nex State Equality Index 2023 National State of Emergency for LGBTQ+ Americans The A.M. READ Celebrating Changemakers The LGBTQ+ Corporate Citizen Report Your voice has never been more important Join us on the right side of history. We represent a force of over 3 million members and supporters, brought together by our passion to realize a truly equal society. Our strength reflects each individual’s personal commitment to helping the LGBTQ+ community in the ways they can, from marching to donating to voting. See what's happening near you Learn what HRC is doing to fight for equality in your community and how you can get involved. Learn About Local Issues Volunteer virtually or in your community Sign up now Join HRC's Mobile Action Network! Get mobile alerts on LGBTQ+ equality Find Events Share Your Story Phone Bank with HRC Donate to HRC Make your contribution today and join a grassroots force of 3 million members and supporters committed to LGBTQ+ equality. Donate Now Recent News View AllNews March 4, 2024 | Brandon Wolf HRC’s Weekly State Fights Report: HRC Complaint Triggers US Department of Education Investigation Into Owasso Public School District March 4, 2024 February 29, 2024 | Aneesha Pappy ICYMI: The American Psychological Association Strongly Condemns Legislative Attacks on Healthcare for Transgender People & Emphasizes the Danger of Wide-Spread Misinformation Against LGBTQ+ Youth February 29, 2024 | Delphine Luneau Georgia Senate Advances Bill Allowing Use of Religious Beliefs to Violate Others’ Rights February 23, 2024 | Debi Jackson A Letter To LGBTQ+ Youth: Add Yours Today Equality Magazine: Winter 2024 Our Rights Are At Stake Across the country, anti-LGBTQ+ legislators are taking their marching orders from extremist groups, and are determined to tell their LGBTQ+ constituents that they should not be seen nor heard, nor even exist. Although the 2024 legislative session promises to continue these devastating attacks, HRC is more committed and more energized than ever in our fight for LGBTQ+ equality. Read the Winter 2024 issue LOVE IS LOVE Shop for HRC clothing and gifts. 100% of every purchase fuels the fight for equality. Shop Now Our Sponsors These companies have demonstrated a high level of commitment to equality. Please consider supporting those that support us. See the full list Skip Sponsors Pause Play Skip to top of Sponsors Join millions of supporters by signing up for the HRC newsletter. Email* (Required) Zip code* (5 digits) (Required) Sign Me Up You'll receive email updates from HRC. You can unsubscribe at any time. twitter facebook instagram tiktok Manage Your Membership Adjust your membership details Equality Magazine The nation's largest-circulation LGBTQ+ magazine Careers Full-time positions, fellowships and internships Press Press releases, corporate assets Contact Department contacts, membership inquiries Privacy Policy Copyright Complaint Notice The Human Rights Campaign, All Rights Reserved Choose a Location Close Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Leaving Site Close You are leaving HRC.org By clicking "GO" below, you will be directed to a website operated by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, an independent 501(c)(3) entity. Go