FineWoodworking - Expert advice on woodworking and furniture making, with thousands of how-to videos, step-by-step articles, project plans, photo galleries, tool reviews, blogs, and more Facebook Icon LinkedIn Icon Email Icon Pinterest Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Tiktok Icon YouTube Icon Navigation Search Icon Skip to content Fine Woodworking Logo Fine Woodworking Search Magnifying Glass Icon Search Main Menu Subscribe Log In Projects & Plans How-To Shop Tips Tools & Materials Videos Magazine Video Workshops More Project Guides Members Courses Forum Gallery Blogs Log In New Year, New Projects! Join UNLIMITED and access 100+ digital plans, 70+ in-depth video workshops, and 45+ years of woodworking expertise from masters of the craft. Start Your Free Trial Design. Click. Build Modeling biscuit joints in SketchUp In this video, Dave Richards demonstrates how to model the biscuits and set them up to be easy to insert into a project using the GlueTo feature. Woodworking, interrupted Cancer, a pandemic, and a lot of hard work served to delay Jon Wayne Brown's venture into becoming a full-time furniture maker, but things are looking up. How-To Shopmade tansu hardware Len Cullum demonstrates how to make tansu hardware, including all the plates and corner braces out of sheets of copper. How-To Carve an Acanthus Leaf Mary May shares her pattern and her step-by-step technique for carving his classic furniture decoration. NEW! FWW Project Guides A curated collection of how-to, plans, and projects from woodworking experts you can trust. View All Guides Joinery Joinery View Guide Hand Tools Hand Tools View Guide Shop Machines Shop Machines View Guide E-Learning Courses from Fine Woodworking Join our trusted experts for these in-depth, online learning experiences. Learn More Video Workshops View All video workshops Previous Next Queen Anne Side Chair with Dan Faia With its graceful curves, cabriole legs, and ornamental back splat, a Queen Anne side chair is a bucket list build for many woodworkers. Dan Faia had a very specific Queen… Carve a Greenwood Bowl with David Fisher Using tools usually relegated to firewood preparation, David Fisher starts with a log and turns it into a bowl that's refined and beautiful. Known as one of the masters of… Shaker candle stand with Christian Beckvoort He’s built dozens of round Shaker stands over four decades, so there is no one more qualified than Christian Becksvoort to demonstrate making this classic. In this seven-part video series,… Enfield Cupboard with Hand Tools featuring Chris Gochnour Using only hand tools, Chris Gochnour builds a Shaker classic that is as solidly constructed as it is beautiful. Hanging Wall Cabinet with Mike Pekovich I teach quite a bit and this wall cabinet is probably one of my favorite things to teach. It's not that big of a piece, but it packs in a… Staining and dyeing wood with Mike Mascelli With a seemingly endless array of wood stains and dyes, it’s very easy to get confused and overwhelmed when adding color to your furniture. Mike Mascelli will help you understand… Sharpening Fundamentals with Bob Van Dyke If you're not able to get your hand tools sharp, you're not going to have much success (or fun) with them. Early in my woodworking journey, I thought that everyone… Build a Shaker Chimney Cupboard Woodworker Michael Pekovich shows you how to build a Shaker chimney cupboard, step-by-step, in this Video Workshop series. Federal Side Table Master craftsman Steve Latta demystifies a variety of techniques as he demonstrates how to construct a Federal Side Table chock-full of period details. Contemporary stool with a woven Danish cord seat From joinery to parts shaping, soap finish to seat weaving, David Johnson builds a Danish-inspired stool from start to finish in a five-part series. A perfect French polish finish In this video series, professional finisher John Coffey demonstrates the French polishing method he’s perfected after 30 years of finishing new pieces and refinishing priceless antiques. Danish Modern Desk with Tim Rousseau Tim Rousseau’s modern desk might look simple, but a lot goes into making such an elegant piece. While Tim tackles this project with a pro’s perspective using tools found in… Router Table Fundamentals with Bob Van Dyke How to Use a Router Table A router in a table is often simpler and more stable to use than a handheld router. Whether you choose a basic MDF square… Machine Setup with Matt Wajda and Ellen Kaspern A well-tuned machine makes woodworking safer and more accurate, and makes your shop time more enjoyable A Woodworker's Guide to Upholstery with Michael Mascelli Upholstery might seem intimidating at first, but making a comfortable seat cushion is well within the skillset of any woodworker. In this video series, upholsterer Michael Mascelli takes you through… Creating full-size drawings from a museum piece Not everyone has the privilege of strolling into a museum and gaining hands-on access to a furniture masterpiece. However, for some fortunate individuals, and even more so for those with… View All video workshops Discussion Forum Recent Posts and Replies | | | | | | View More Create Post Highlights Shape Your Skills when you sign up for our emails Plus tips, advice, and special offers from Fine Woodworking. Newsletter Signup Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Shop Talk Live Podcast Our biweekly podcast allows editors, authors, and special guests to answer your woodworking questions and connect with the online woodworking community. Our favorite articles and videos We have created these special content collections organized to give you a deep dive into a range of topics that matter. E-Learning Courses from Fine Woodworking Join our trusted experts for these in-depth, online learning experiences. Sign Up for the New Woodworking Fundamentals Learn More Your step-by-step introduction to the craft of woodworking. Digital Plans Library Browse our collection of 100+ complete digital plans, including Shaker furniture, Arts and Crafts pieces, beds, chairs, workbenches, tool storage, and more. Join now for complete access. Browse Projects & Plans Tables Chairs, Benches, And Stools Storage and Shelves Cabinets Casework Beds Desks Built-ins Small Projects Woodturning Projects Workbenches Get the latest from Fine Woodworking Magazine #309-MAR/APR 2024 Traditional Tansu, Part 1: The case Online extras from FWW issue #309 Paul Roman 1931 - 2024 #308-JAN/FEB 2024 Remembering Jere Osgood, a quiet innovator who bent wood to his will Online extras from FWW issue #308 How to build an artful easel #307-Tools & Shops 2024 Build a handsome tool chest Online extras from FWW issue #307 From the editor: A good kind of mess #306-NOV/DEC 2023 Online extras from FWW issue #306 Editor's Letter: Sebby's Box New to Market: Latest from AWFS 2023 #305-SEP/OCT 2023 Online extras from FWW issue #305 What if you don’t have a Domino? How to sharpen odd shaped tools UNLIMITED membership - Get access to it all Start Free Trial Upgrade Membership Fine WoodWorking Follow Newsletter Get woodworking tips, expert advice and special offers in your inbox Newsletter Signup Go Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Membership & Magazine Members Digital Libraries Join Unlimited Magazine Subscription Magazine Renewal Gift a Subscription Customer Support Privacy Preferences Taunton Network Fine Homebuilding Green Building Advisor Fine Gardening Threads About Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Use Site Map Do not sell or share my information Privacy Policy Accessibility California Privacy Rights © 2024 Active Interest Media. All rights reserved. Fine Woodworking receives a commission for items purchased through links on this site, including Amazon Associates and other affiliate advertising programs. Search Magnifying Glass Icon Search Main Menu Projects and Plans How-To Shop Tips Tools & Materials Videos Gallery Magazine Video Workshops Members Forum Popular Topics Design Small Projects Beds Chairs, Benches And Stools Built-ins Storage And Shelves Cabinets Carving Casework Desks Tables Shop Storage And Furniture Woodturning Projects Workbenches Surface Prep More Courses TV Forum Blogs Webinars Podcasts Customer Support Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Digital Libraries Magazine Index Subscribe Membership Member Home Start Free Trial Gift Unlimited Log In Shop the Store Books DVDs Taunton Workshops Events Fine Woodworking Live Fine Woodworking HANDS ON Newsletter Get woodworking tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Newsletter Signup Go Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Follow UNLIMITED Become an UNLIMITED member and get it all: searchable online archive of every issue, how-to videos, Complete Illustrated Guide to Woodworking digital series, print magazine, e-newsletter, and more. Start Your Free Trial Toggle Caption Previous Next We hope you’ve enjoyed your free articles. To keep reading, become a member today. Get complete site access to video workshops, digital plans library, online archive, and more, plus the print magazine. Start your FREE trial Already a member? Log in