University of Rochester Skip to content SearchClose MenuClose Academics Research Admissions Campus Life Medicine About Work Here Visit Give SEARCH Your education, your way Students at Rochester forge their own path. Whether it’s through research opportunities, our flexible curriculum, or rich campus culture, there’s plenty of ways to take your education to the next level. Majors and programs Flexible curriculum Research in action News and updates Q&A with Scholar in Exile about Alexei Navalny Dmitry Bykov, the University’s inaugural Scholar in Exile, discusses the legacy of the late Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, his own poisoning, and why Navalny posed a threat to the Russian president. Rochester voices A Rochester poet’s meditation on loss, light, and legacy Siblings bond and honor their late father at Rochester University guidance: Well-being, safety, and campus events Explore more news Keeping a Rochester education affordable 30th in the nation as a 2023 Best Value School (U.S. News & World Report) 71% of undergraduates receive financial aid $300M in scholarships and grants awarded annually 49% of students graduated in 2022 with no loan debt Explore financial aid & scholarships Community, ever better Rochester is a tight-knit group of dreamers and doers. Hailing from all across the globe, we thrive at the intersection of our unique cultures, backgrounds, experiences, and passions. From performing arts ensembles, volunteer organizations, engineering clubs, and so much more—you’re bound to find your people. Student life at Rochester Upcoming events March 6 COMMUNITY HEALTHPromoting Physical Fitness Opportunities for All Children 8 a.m. School of Medicine and Dentistry Event details March 6 ARTSEastman Philharmonia 7:30 p.m. Hybrid Event details March 7 EMPLOYEESIntro to Digital Accessibility for Content Creators 3 p.m. Virtual Event details Explore more events Boundless Possibility Explore our 2030 Strategic Plan News Events Athletics Arts Resources for Prospective students Current students Parents & families Faculty & staff Alumni Helpful links Contact Directory Human resources UR Mobile (app) Parking & shuttles Information technology Blackboard HRMS MyPath Libraries & collections University Libraries Memorial Art Gallery Ever better Global engagement Accessibility Vision & Values Diversity, equity & inclusion Nondiscrimination & Title IX Schools & divisions School of Arts & Sciences Hajim School of Engineering Eastman School of Music School of Medicine & Dentistry School of Nursing Simon Business School Warner School of Education Laboratory for Laser Energetics Facebook YouTube X / Twitter TikTok Instagram LinkedIn Threads Follow Rochester Contact us (585) 275-2121 See maps and directions Rochester, NY 14627 Copyright | Emergency information © University of Rochester 1996-2024 Helpful links Coronavirus updates Blackboard Calendar Contact us Directory Email/IT HRMS Human Resources Libraries Resources for Prospective students Current students Faculty and staff