QUT - Home Be alert to email scams - latest advice - updated Monday 15 January, 4.41pm (AEST) Skip to content QUT QUT - the university for the real world Login Contact QUTContact QUT Search Search Menu Study Undergraduate Study areas Architecture and built environment Business Communication Creative arts Design Engineering English language and pathway programs Health Information technology and games Justice Languages Law Mathematics and data science Science Teaching Explore Mid-year entry QUT College New to QUT Why choose QUT Double degrees Vertical degrees Flexible study Applying guide Bridging programs Fees, costs and scholarships Relocating to Brisbane Student life Events Postgraduate Study areas Architecture and built environment Business Communication Education Engineering English language and pathway programs Health Information technology Justice Languages Law Mathematics Science Teaching Research degrees Doctor of Philosophy Master of Philosophy Professional doctorate Explore Why choose QUT Fast track to postgraduate Scholarships Applying guide Flexible study options Student life Events Online study Fully online degrees Our collection of courses are taught entirely online, giving you the flexibility to study anywhere, anytime. Our online undergraduate degrees Our online postgraduate degrees Online short courses Browse by study area Business Creative industries Digital capability Education Engineering Health Justice Languages Law Leadership Science Transformation Need help deciding? Based on your professional level and experience, combined with your individual needs and motivations, there are several different study formats for you to choose from to help you achieve your career goals. Learner’s Guide International students Study areas Architecture and built environment Business Communication Creative industries Design Engineering English language and pathway programs Health Information technology Justice Languages Law Mathematics Science Teaching and education QUT in your language View our site in your language Explore Student support QUT in your country Why choose QUT Living in Brisbane Scholarships QUT College Applying guide Study abroad and exchange Events Ask us a question Agent resources QUTeX - Professional and executive education QUTeX - Professional and executive education Bringing together knowledge from across the whole university to help you or your organisation get future fit, fast. More about QUTeX Our blog Contact us For individuals Improve your performance, advance your career or make a change with real world short courses. Browse all courses Take your development further with advanced learning and award pathways. Pathways to Politics for Women Public Sector Management Enterprise Leadership For organisations Achieve exceptional business outcomes with co-designed executive education. Tailored executive education Corporate Bundles Find a course Match My Skills Create a personalised guide to reaching your dream career by taking our Match My Skills quiz. Research Why QUT Explore Our research vision Equity and diversity Support for researchers Meet our experts Ethics and integrity Research jobs at QUT Our facilities Biorefining Research Facility Central Analytical Research Facility Design and Fabrication Research Facility Digital Observatory eResearch Medical Engineering Research Facility Research Engineering Facility Samford Ecological Research Facility VISER Allied facilities Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Hub Herston Imaging Research Facility Translational Cell Imaging Queensland Translational Research Institute Our research Research by area Architecture and built environment Business and law Creative industries, education and social justice Engineering Health Science Browse all our projects Participate in research Explore open research projects Get involved with research projects that tackle real-world challenges. Research strengths We're invested in research identified as priorities for the world, the nation and the state. Our strengths Indigenous research Sustainability Research initiatives Study with us Research degrees Doctor of Philosophy Make a significant contribution to new knowledge in your field. Master of Philosophy An ideal stepping-stone to a PhD. Professional doctorate Integrate a research degree into your professional goals. Explore Find a supervisor Find a research topic Scholarships (Australian and New Zealand students) Scholarships (international students) Tuition and study costs Supporting your research journey Applying guide e-Grad School Partner with us Collaborate with us Our experts Search for a research supervisor, industry expert or collaborator. Research jobs at QUT Integrate a research degree into your professional goals. Engage with our graduate researchers Work with graduate researchers to help solve your real-world problems. Research initiatives Learn about QUT’s involvement in collaborative research initiatives. Research partnerships Plant genomics Australian Centre for Health Law Research Biorefineries for profit CARRS-Q PRIME Futures Mushroom boost QUT researchers have been awarded $2.1M for a project to develop advanced technologies to expand Australia's mushroom production. Engage Industry and partnerships Work with our students Employment and mentorship Find graduate and student talent to employ, or mentor our students. Work placements Partner with us to offer work experience opportunities to our students. Sponsor scholarships and events Make a difference to students and the university. Industry and innovation Research partnerships Start a collaborative research partnership with our experts. Expertise for industry We can help with more than research. See how we can support your business. Learning and teaching Engage with our award-winning experts. Professional development Customised executive education Customised professional development solutions for your team. Short courses and professional development Study a short course for personal or professional development. Giving Give to QUT Ways to give Discover the different options to donate to QUT. Get involved Share your skills or time by participating in research studies, mentoring our students, giving a guest lecture or volunteering. Contribute Support students Give the life-changing gift of education by contributing to a scholarship. Support research Help shape a better world by giving to a research project. Support community Elevate society by supporting community programs and cultivating Indigenous connections. Alumni Explore your alumni network New graduates Get involved Grow your knowledge Connect and engage at events Industry-leading alumni Indigenous Australian alumni Additional resources Alumni tools and FAQs Discounts and offers Connect Alumni newsletter Regional outreach QUT will bring activities to regional Queensland, with the launch of a high-tech van loaded with esports, virtual sport and broadcasting equipment. About QUT Our university Our university QUT at a glance Organisational structure History Achievements and recognition Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people Health and wellbeing Sustainability Equity LGBTIQA+ Support for the Uluru Statement from the Heart Olympic and Paralympic Games 2032 Queensland Rugby Union partnership Entrepreneurship Realise opportunities Find out how QUT prioritises entrepreneurial action Leadership and strategy Executive team Governance and policy QUT Connections Campus to Country STEM strategy Jobs Job vacancies Find job opportunities and your guide to working at QUT. Campuses and venues Gardens Point campus Maps and getting here Around campus Libraries and learning spaces Gym and sports facilities Food and retail Kelvin Grove campus Maps and getting here Around campus Libraries and learning spaces Gym and sports facilities Food and retail COVID-19 latest advice Public venues QUT Art Museum William Robinson Gallery Science and Engineering Centre The Cube Old Government House Gardens Theatre Education Precinct Creative Industries Precinct Campus experiences Virtual tours Science in 360° Virtual reality projects News and events News by subject All QUT news Business Creative industries Education Engineering Health Law Science Justice Alumni COVID-19 latest advice Events by subject All QUT events Alumni Business International Our specialists Staff profiles Media team contact Email: media@qut.edu.au Phone: + 61 7 3138 2361 Student life We have clubs, sports and events that you can be involved in to make the most of your university experience. QUT Online Match My Skills Find your future with QUT's Match My Skills quiz. Create a personalised guide to reaching your dream career. It takes just 10 minutes. Search Personalise your journey Make your career evolution inevitable with our MBA If you're a leader with real ambition, pursue an MBA from a Business School in the top 1% worldwide. Apply now to start in March. Find out more Shaping the AI frontier Vice-Chancellor Margaret Sheil AO writes that AI-driven opportunity will be at the core of what should be seen as an exciting wave of optimisation across the career landscape. Read the article Business Leaders' Forum Join us on 26 March for a conversation with Christine McLoughlin AM, chairman and non-executive director of the Minerva Network. Buy tickets Realise your leadership potential Discover our national Executive MBA program, delivered in Canberra, at our upcoming 14 and 19 March information events. Join us in-person or online. Register now QUT Bold Ideas with Dr Meganne Christian As we step into the next phase of space exploration, join reserve astronaut Dr Meganne Christian as she discusses the future of the human impact in space as well as stories from her extraordinary career. Register now Study At Queensland University of Technology (QUT) you can choose from more than 100 real-world courses and turn your passion into a rewarding career.Study at QUTStudy optionsUndergraduate studyPostgraduate studyInternational studentsPhDs and research degreesOnline studyShort courses and professional development Browse courses by study area Architecture and built environmentBusinessCommunicationCreative artsDesignEngineeringEnglish language and pathway programsHealthInformation technologyJusticeLanguagesLawMathematicsScienceTeaching and education Study with usFind out more about what to expect at uni, including flexible study, undergraduate research opportunities and mid-year entry.Your options Search for a course Our range of study options will take you where you want to go. Search Welcome guide Explore our Welcome guide to discover over 220 courses and learn about life on campus.Get your copy Take our quiz Try Match My Skills to discover the university course that could lead you to your dream career.Match My Skills Research Find out how our collaborative approach to research is helping the world to progress.Research at QUTResearch by areaArchitecture and built environmentBusiness and lawCreative industries, education and social justiceEngineeringHealthScience Search Engage Explore the many ways of connecting with us. Join our QUT community and access our expert staff, cutting-edge research, and executive education. We welcome new industry partners, potential donors, corporate education clients and alumni.Engage with usWays to connectResearch partnershipsWork with our studentsExecutive educationGive to QUTAlumni Take part in researchHelp our researchers develop solutions for real-world challenges.Explore opportunities Discover QUT Find out how our staff, campuses, goals and policies make us the a world-class university with a global outlook for the real world.About QUTOur universityOur peopleCampuses and venuesGovernance and policyContact usPublic spaces eventsStudy events Our campusesExplore our Gardens Point and Kelvin Grove campuses and facilities, including our public venues, research locations and function spaces.See QUT Our facilitiesWe manage a diverse range of world-class facilities to support research, teaching and learning and enable real-world results.Find out more News 5 Mar 2024 Research milestone as healthy koala leaves treatment program 5 Mar 2024 Elite ambitions: QUT sports scholarships launched for 2024 1 Mar 2024 Two new ARC Mid-Career Industry Fellows with sustainability in mind + Show more Events 5 September 2023 - 15 September 2024 William Robinson Gallery exhibition – The Painter & the Printmaker Where: William Robinson Gallery (Old Government House), QUT Gardens Point campus 17 October 2023 - 10 March 2024 QUT Art Museum exhibition – Helen Fuller: Bowerbird 17 October 2023 - 10 March 2024 QUT Art Museum exhibition – This Mess We're In: Pat Hoffie + Show more Our campusesExplore what's on offer at our two main campuses.Gardens PointKelvin GroveView campus maps Public venuesWe are home to many cultural, entertainment and function venues.Gardens TheatreQUT Art MuseumWilliam Robinson GalleryScience and Engineering CentreOld Government HouseEducation PrecinctCreative Industries Precinct EventsQUT hosts events throughout the year for members of our community.QUT Virtual Open DayAll QUT eventsLearn more about our alumni news and research breakthroughs.All news stories Study Research Engage About QUT Undergraduate study Postgraduate study PhDs and research degrees Professional and executive education International students Study abroad and exchange Student life Graduate success Applying Fees Scholarships Key dates Whatever you want to study, our range of courses will give you the hands-on learning, industry connections and real-world perspective you’ll need to succeed. Explore study at QUT Why QUT? Our research Our experts World-class facilities Study with us How to apply Master of philosophy PhD Professional doctorate Partner with us Research jobs Join us at the forefront of research and development. Access cutting-edge facilities and technology, work with world-renowned experts, and create real-world change. Explore research at QUT Industry and partnerships Work with our students Expertise for industry Executive education Give to QUT Make a real impact Ways to give Alumni Alumni benefits Update alumni details Alumni tools and resources Connect with us and see how we can support you. We invite industry partners, alumni and our valued donors to join the vibrant, exciting QUT community. Explore ways to engage with QUT Our university Our people Achievements and recognition Campuses and venues News Events Jobs Library Learn what makes Queensland University of Technology (QUT) the university for the real world. Read about our goals for future growth, achievements and success, and the organisational structures that support us. Explore QUT QUT acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands where QUT now stands. Login Legal Privacy QUT on Facebook QUT on Instagram The QUTube QUT on X QUT on LinkedIn QUT on TikTok Our social media Contact QUT TEQSA Provider ID: PRV12079 (Australian University) CRICOS No. 00213J ABN: 83 791 724 622 Page updated: 6 December 2023