Gambling Commission website Cookies on the Gambling Commission website The Gambling Commission website uses cookies to make the site work better for you. Some of these cookies are essential to how the site functions and others are optional. Optional cookies help us remember your settings, measure your use of the site and personalise how we communicate with you. Any data collected is anonymised and we do not set optional cookies unless you consent. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You've accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide Cookie Message Skip to main content Public and playersLicensees and businessesLicensing authorities About usNewsContact usServices Menu Search the website Search the website Close search Content in this section Close menu Home Safer gambling Money and rights Fundraising and lotteries National Lottery Complaints Public Register Other parts of the website For public and players For licensees and businesses For licensing authorities Corporate information About us News Contact us Online services Helping you get information about gambling in Great Britain and find support when you need it We license, regulate, advise and provide guidance to the individuals and businesses that offer gambling in Great Britain, including the National Lottery in the UK. Check a gambling business licence Search by name or account number Search the gambling business register You can also search our public register for licensed individuals and premises. Popular on the website Fundraising, raffles and lotteries Safer Gambling Complain about a gambling business What happens to your money if a gambling business goes bust I can't withdraw my winnings Age, ID and financial verification Safer gambling Find out how to stay safe when gambling, get help, advice and how to use tools to manage your gambling activity. Money and rights Our new guides help you understand your rights when gambling and how gambling businesses protect your money. Fundraising and lotteries You may need a licence for some types of draws and raffles, our guides a help you stay legal and run a safe draw. Gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals Visit the hub about gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals Help and support If you or someone you know is struggling with gambling-related problems, contact the National Gambling Helpline. 0808 8020 133 Free of charge, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Find published statistics and research in our hub Statistics and research hub about find published statistics and research in our hub Our work Find out about the work we're doing to raise standards in the gambling industry, protect children and the vulnerable and keep crime out of gambling. Young People and Gambling 2023 published 16 November 2023 Understanding the impact of increased cost of living on gambling behaviour published 10 October 2023 Guide advice to government - review of the gambling act 2005 published 27 April 2023 Guide our strategy for the next three years published 1 April 2021 Who we are and what we do Find out more about what we do, what we regulate and who we are in our about us section. Action we've taken More enforcement action £6m fine for online operator Gamesys 10 January 2024 Lindar Media Limited faces £690,947 regulatory action 20 September 2023 Suspension of licences – In Touch Games Limited 01 September 2023 Done Bros (Cash Betting) Limited to pay £3.25m for regulatory failures 18 July 2023 Latest news More news Swedish Gambling Regulator Conference - Sarah Gardner speech This speech was delivered by deputy chief executive Sarah Gardner at the Swedish Gambling Regulator Conference on Tuesday 5 March. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version. 05 March 2024 BGC AGM - Andrew Rhodes speech This speech was delivered by chief executive Andrew Rhodes at the Betting and Gaming Council (BGC) Annual General Meeting on Thursday 29 February. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version. 29 February 2024 Independent assessment endorses Gambling Survey for Great Britain The development of the Gambling Survey for Great Britain (GSGB) has been endorsed by Professor Patrick Sturgis, London School of Economics, as being ‘exemplary in all respects’. 19 February 2024 Consultations More consultations 2023 Consultation on proposed changes related to financial penalties and financial key event reporting Closes on 15 March 2024 Opens in a new tab Latest blog posts More blogs Gambling Survey for Great Britain – Wave 1 results published 29 February 2024 - Statistics and research. Financial risk next steps – February 2024 22 February 2024 - Policy. Sign up to e-bulletin Our newsletter, e-bulletin is sent fortnightly and contains news, updates and latest advice from the Gambling Commission and DCMS. Sign up Is this page useful? Yes this page is helpful No this page is not helpful Report a problem with this page Thank you for your feedback. If you want to complain about a gambling business or have a general enquiry, use the contact us page. Feedback Feedback We are not able to respond to comments but your feedback will help us improve our website. You can enter up to 250 characters Complaints and queries Do not use this form for complaints as we will not reply. If you want to complain about a gambling business or need further help please contact us. User research If you want to provide feedback about new services and features, join our user research programme. Submit feedback Cancel and close form This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy (opens in new tab) and Terms of Service (opens in new tab) apply. Gambling Commissionwebsites Public and players Licensees and businesses Licensing authorities About us Advisory groups Information News Careers Contact us Services Follow us The following links open in a new tab: Twitter (opens in new tab) LinkedIn (opens in new tab) YouTube (opens in new tab) National Gambling Helpline Call 0808 8020 133 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or visit gamcare.org.uk (opens in new tab) Newsletter Sign up to e-bulletin Accessibility statement Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of use Social Media Policy Welsh View this page in Welsh or other languages Release: Release-111 Back to top