Computer and Information Science | A Department of the School of Engineering and Applied Science Computer and Information Science Academics Undergraduate Graduate Course Information Research Areas of Focus Centers + Institutes Undergraduate Research Technical Reports Faculty Talks People Faculty Staff Postdoctoral Fellows Graduating Ph.D.s and Postdocs Alumni Open Faculty Positions Community Outreach Philosophy + Mission Meet Our Students K-12 Programs Diversity + Climate About Overview Chair’s Letter News Student Awards Events History Visiting CIS Apply Make a Gift Search Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Apply Make a Gift Search Computer and Information Science A Department of the School of Engineering and Applied Science Academics Undergraduate Graduate Course Information Research Areas of Focus Centers + Institutes Undergraduate Research Technical Reports Faculty Talks People Faculty Staff Postdoctoral Fellows Graduating Ph.D.s and Postdocs Alumni Open Faculty Positions Community Outreach Philosophy + Mission Meet Our Students K-12 Programs Diversity + Climate About Overview Chair’s Letter News Student Awards Events History Visiting CIS Levine Hall: home to the Computer and Information Science Department in Penn Engineering New Data Science Building: Amy Gutmann Hall coming Fall 2024 Learn More It was wonderful welcoming back Penn alumni who gave wonderful stories of their mentor, colleague, and friend. What a tremendous way to showcase Norm’s impact and contributions to the department. Happy Retirement Norm!! Read More Fall 2022 Orientation for Penn Networked & Social Systems Engineering (NETS) students with Department Chair, Zachary Ives and Aaron Roth. Learn More Featured Stories In the Spotlight: Mingmin Zhao and Building a Bridge Between Machine Learning and Monitoring Health One of the Assistant Professor’s who has joined both CIS and ESE this past Fall is Mingmin Zhao, an MIT graduate with a PhD focusing on building wireless sensing systems with artificial intelligence. The collaboration between CIS and a number of departments at Penn is what encouraged Zhao to further his research and teaching career here. “Penn provides a fertile ground for interdisciplinary research not only within the CIS department but also with other departments, including ESE, medical school, nursing school, etc.” said Zhao, “I am very excited about collaborating with people at Penn and working on highly-impactful interdisciplinary research.” Read More The C.I.S. Blog Presents- "DALL-E Art Gallery" To showcase this AI system and what it can do I had asked all students from the C.I.S. department, from Undergrad to Ph.D., to send in the descriptions that they prompted and to have fun with it. Read More C.I. S. and Penn Engineering Halloween Celebration 2022 This year’s Halloween celebration for Penn Engineering was a great success! Held in Quain Courtyard this past Monday, October 31, students, staff, and faculty gathered for trick or treating, hot apple cider and hot chocolate, and a costume contest. Read More In the Spotlight: Osbert Bastani and Integrating Machine Learning into Real-world Settings “Penn has a great group of faculty working on interesting research problems, and they are all incredibly supportive of junior faculty. I’ve been fortunate enough to collaborate with Penn CIS faculty in a range of disciplines, from programming languages to NLP to theory, and I hope to have the chance to collaborate with many more.” (Osbert Bastani) Read More DSL and SIG Lab Renovations: Out with the Old, In with the New As the School of Engineering and Applied Science grows, so do the rooms that house all of the creative minds within our departments. Just in time for the Fall 2022 semester, two labs that are a part of the C.I.S. Department and are located in the Moore Building have gotten a makeover this past summer and the faculty and students are thrilled. The Distributed Systems Laboratory (DSL) in Moore 100 and The SIG Center for Computer Graphics in Moore 103 have both undergone renovations for more student space to collaborate, create and liven up the space! Read More The ASSET Center: Enabling Trust Between AI and its User Picture this: you’re getting ready to watch a movie on Netflix, popcorn in hand, and several films pop up that have been curated just for you. What are you going to do: choose one from the list recommended by the underlying AI algorithm, or worry about how this list was generated and whether you should trust it? Now, think about when you are at the doctors’ office and the physician decides to consult an online system to figure out what dosage of medicine you as the patient should take. Would you feel comfortable having a course of treatment chosen for you by artificial intelligence? What will the future of medicine look like where the doctor is not involved at all in making the decision? Read More In the Spotlight: Eric Wong and Developing Debuggable AI-Systems What happens when AI goes wrong? Probably not the Terminator or the Matrix – despite what Hollywood suggests – but rather, something that could still harm a human, such as a self-driving car that gets into an accident, or an algorithm that discriminates against certain people. Fortunately Penn has innovative researchers like Eric Wong, who build tools to make sure AI works correctly! Read more CIS News The YouTube Algorithm Isn’t Radicalizing People 02.26.2024 | Read MoreEpisode 3 of Innovation & Impact: Energy and Sustainability 02.20.2024 | Read MorePenn4C Announces Awardees for Community-led Partnership Grant 02.20.2024 | Read More View More CIS Events CIS Seminar: “Modern Clouds: Side-Channel Attacks and Defenses” Event DetailsASSET Seminar: “Making Machine Learning Predictably Reliable” (Andrew Ilyas, Massachusetts Institute of Technology) Event DetailsCIS Seminar: “Frameworks for Efficient Algorithms for Learning: Robustness and Data Compression” Event Details View More Announcements Research Highlights Considering applying to Penn CIS? Learn more about some of the exciting research projects across the Department! CIS Research Highlights Blog Read the latest news about CIS students and faculty! CIS Blog CIS is HIRING! Tenure, tenure-track, lecturer and practice assistant professor positions are all available. Read More Why Penn CIS? The Department of Computer and Information Science (CIS) at Penn Engineering is uniquely positioned to propel future intellectual leaders, entrepreneurs, thinkers and innovators to success. As an Ivy League institution, and the first university in the nation, The University of Pennsylvania ensures its students a transformative experience. Computer science at Penn comes in a variety of forms to meet your specific interests. Learn More Quick Actions Find a Person Find a building Visit Penn Engineering Report computing issues (CETS) Report facilities issues (EOS) Student health and safety concerns Contact Penn Public Safety (DPS) PENN ENGINEERING©2017 |UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA|SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING AND APPLIED SCIENCE | DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE 3330 Walnut Street | Levine Hall | Philadelphia, PA 19104-6309 | 215-898-8560 Contact us with questions about the academic programs |Graduate Admissions information contact SEAS Graduate Admissions |For website issues, email the webmaster Report accessibility issues and get help PENN ENGINEERING©2017 UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING AND APPLIED SCIENCE DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE 3330 Walnut Street | Levine Hall | Philadelphia, PA 19104-6309 | 215-898-8560 Contact us with questions about admissions or academic programs | For website issues, email the webmaster Report accessibility issues and get help