Auburn University Homepage Cookie Acknowledgement This website uses cookies to collect information to improve your browsing experience. Please review our Privacy Statement for more information. I Understand Skip to Primary Navigation Skip to Content Toggle site navigation Menu button Menu Apply Give AU Access Search Close the search modal Campus Map A-Z Index People Finder Site navigation Close site navigation Close navigation modal button About Auburn Administration Students Parents Alumni Employees Academics Office of the Provost Colleges Majors Core Curriculum Libraries Academic Calendar Course Schedule Advisement Schedule Final Exam Schedule Visit Academics Admissions Apply Now Check Application Status Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Pharmacy Admissions Veterinary Medicine Admissions Distance Ed Accepted Students Request Information Visit Admissions Outreach Public Service & Community Partnerships Professional & Continuing Education Youth Programs Government & Economic Development Osher Lifelong Learning Institute Faculty Engagement Outreach Global K-12 Outreach Extension Visit Outreach Research Research Administration Work with Auburn Research Find Auburn Expertise Research Resources Centers & Institutes Graduate Research Undergraduate Research Auburn Research Magazine Research Symposia Visit Research Auburn University homepage Homepage special features Previous Happy Birthday, Aubie! Auburn’s beloved mascot celebrated his 45th birthday this week. From zookeeper to landscape architect An Auburn graduate student found similarities in two very different fields. Auburn At Work Good things happen when Auburn's at work. Next Academic Calendar Alumni Athletics Working for Auburn Auburn Stories Research and Innovation McCrary Institute at Auburn University announces new podcast The McCrary Institute for Cyber and Critical Infrastructure Security announced the rollout of a new podcast, part of the institute’s... Impact Auburn agriculturalists shaping the future of farming in Alabama Faculty and Alabama Extension specialists in Auburn’s College of Agriculture are working with farmers to help them adopt conservation practices and tackle social or economic... Auburn Family Auburn Student Veterans Association serves as home for veterans, their families on campus The Auburn Student Veterans Association helps student veterans transition from active duty to the college scene and raises money for veteran-based organizations and charities. Impact As severe weather season approaches, Auburn helps vulnerable communities prepare Research and Innovation Auburn researcher aims to help prevent, control avian influenza Impact Good relationships are key to well-being Academics Everything Auburn Podcast: Everything Hospitality with Horst Schulze More Auburn Stories Connect with us on social campaign Auburn At Work The Auburn Family never backs down from the work the world demands. The result: Challenges met. Problems solved. Communities transformed. Witness Our Work strategic planning Planning For Future Impact Since 1856, we’ve put knowledge and discovery to work for long-term impact. To help define our key goals and aspirations, and to position Auburn for continued success over the next decade, we’ve launched a strategic planning process. Visit our Strategic Planning website to track our progress. Learn More Rankings #1 University in Alabama (U.S. News & World Report, 2024) Best Colleges Named on the annual list of Best Colleges in America (Money, 2023) Top 11% of Research Institutions Higher Education Research and Development Survey Top 25 Colleges with the Best Student Life in America (Niche.com, 2024) Best University in Alabama (Forbes, 2023) Top 50 Public University in the Nation (U.S. News & World Report, 2024) Experience Auburn Academics Right-pointing arrow Auburn offers more than 150 undergraduate majors, which are housed in 12 colleges. Our graduate school offers a large number of degree programs as well as an accelerated bachelor's/master's program. Research Right-pointing arrow Auburn is a leader in developing critical answers to real-world challenges. We are committed to excellence through such research priorities as cyber and homeland security, smart solutions and systems, health sciences and resilient community-building. Extension / Outreach Right-pointing arrow For more than a century, Auburn’s University Outreach and the Alabama Cooperative Extension System have partnered with communities, farms, businesses, schools and government to help people meet their educational goals and improve the lives of those living in our state. Student Experience Right-pointing arrow Amid classes and studying, good times will fill your days at Auburn. You’ll join a few organizations, maybe a book club, committee or intramural team. Some days, you’ll want to enjoy the beauty of campus with friends or immerse yourself in a cultural event. Traditions Right-pointing arrow Auburn University's core traditions are passion and spirit. These are the hallmarks of the Auburn Family, and you would be hard-pressed to find a program more steeped in tradition. It's great to be an Auburn Tiger. War Eagle! Visit Campus Right-pointing arrow What is there to see at Auburn University? Plenty. Innovative research that saves lives. Exceptional student experiences. College living in one of the South’s top 10 college towns and the happiest students around. See for yourself. Stay Connected Link to Auburn University Facebook page Facebook logo link Facebook X Link to Auburn University Instagram account Instagram logo Instagram Link to Auburn University LinkedIn page LinkedIn logo Linkedin Link to Auburn University Webcams page Webcams Action buttons Your Next Step Find Your Major Graduate School Tuition & Costs Upcoming Events More Events Right-pointing arrow Contact Us Auburn, Alabama 36849 (334) 844-4000 Website Feedback Campus Links Auburn University at Montgomery Alabama Cooperative Extension System Alabama Agricultural Experiment Station Visitors Guide to Campus Resources Campus Safety/Emergency Preparedness Distance and Continuing Education Office of Information Technology Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Employment Title IX Accessibility Privacy Statement A-Z Index Copyright © Back to Top