nLab nLab nLab Skip the Navigation Links | Home Page | All Pages | Latest Revisions | Discuss this page | Contents Contents nLab Content Mathematics Physics Philosophy Resources Mathematics Resources Physics Resources Philosophy Resources Community nForum Latest Changes HowTo FAQ Contributors? Uploaded Files Sandbox Edit this sidebar mathematics math resources history of mathematics Structural Foundations logic internal language classical mathematics constructive mathematics predicative mathematics category:foundational axiom set theory structural set theory category theory Categories and Sheaves topos theory Sheaves in Geometry and Logic higher category theory higher topos theory (∞,1)-topos theory models for ∞-stack (∞,1)-toposes cohomology homotopy theory stable homotopy theory rational homotopy theory Topology and Geometry geometry (general list), topology (general list) general topology differential topology differential geometry synthetic differential geometry symplectic geometry algebraic geometry noncommutative algebraic geometry noncommutative geometry (general flavour) higher geometry Algebra universal algebra higher algebra homological algebra group theory, ring theory representation theory algebraic approaches to differential calculus counterexamples in algebra analysis nonstandard analysis functional analysis operator algebras Fourier transform Lie theory higher Lie theory probability theory discrete mathematics Edit this sidebar physics, mathematical physics, philosophy of physics Surveys, textbooks and lecture notes (higher) category theory and physics geometry of physics books and reviews, physics resources theory (physics), model (physics) experiment, measurement, computable physics mechanics mass, charge, momentum, angular momentum, moment of inertia dynamics on Lie groups rigid body dynamics field (physics) Lagrangian mechanics configuration space, state action functional, Lagrangian covariant phase space, Euler-Lagrange equations Hamiltonian mechanics phase space symplectic geometry Poisson manifold symplectic manifold symplectic groupoid multisymplectic geometry n-symplectic manifold spacetime smooth Lorentzian manifold special relativity general relativity gravity supergravity, dilaton gravity black hole Classical field theory classical physics classical mechanics waves and optics thermodynamics Quantum Mechanics in terms of ∞-compact categories quantum information Hamiltonian operator density matrix Kochen-Specker theorem Bell's theorem Gleason's theorem Quantization geometric quantization deformation quantization path integral quantization semiclassical approximation Quantum Field Theory Axiomatizations algebraic QFT Wightman axioms Haag-Kastler axioms operator algebra local net conformal net Reeh-Schlieder theorem Osterwalder-Schrader theorem PCT theorem Bisognano-Wichmann theorem modular theory spin-statistics theorem boson, fermion functorial QFT cobordism (∞,n)-category of cobordisms cobordism hypothesis-theorem extended topological quantum field theory Tools perturbative quantum field theory, vacuum effective quantum field theory renormalization BV-BRST formalism geometric ∞-function theory particle physics phenomenology models standard model of particle physics fields and quanta Grand Unified Theories, MSSM scattering amplitude on-shell recursion, KLT relations Structural phenomena universality class quantum anomaly Green-Schwarz mechanism instanton spontaneously broken symmetry Kaluza-Klein mechanism integrable systems holonomic quantum fields Types of quantum field thories TQFT 2d TQFT Dijkgraaf-Witten theory Chern-Simons theory TCFT A-model, B-model homological mirror symmetry QFT with defects conformal field theory (1,1)-dimensional Euclidean field theories and K-theory (2,1)-dimensional Euclidean field theory and elliptic cohomology CFT WZW model 6d (2,0)-supersymmetric QFT gauge theory field strength gauge group, gauge transformation, gauge fixing examples electromagnetic field, QED electric charge magnetic charge Yang-Mills field, QCD Yang-Mills theory spinors in Yang-Mills theory topological Yang-Mills theory Kalb-Ramond field supergravity C-field RR field first-order formulation of gravity general covariance supergravity D'Auria-Fre formulation of supergravity gravity as a BF-theory sigma-model particle, relativistic particle, fundamental particle, spinning particle, superparticle string, spinning string, superstring membrane AKSZ theory String Theory string theory results applied elsewhere number theory and physics Riemann hypothesis and physics Edit this sidebar \, Search the nLab (hints) \, This is a wiki for collaborative work on Mathematics, Physics, and Philosophy — especially (but far from exclusively) from the higher structures point of view: with a sympathy towards the tools and perspectives of homotopy theory/algebraic topology, homotopy type theory, higher category theory and higher categorical algebra. Contents Purpose nForum, discussion, comments, and questions Contributing to the nnLab Viewing and editing the nnLab Making use of material from the nnLab Installation Contact Steering Committee Purpose The nLab records and explores a wide range of mathematics, physics, and philosophy. Along with work of an expository nature, original material can be found in abundance, as can notes from evolving research. Where mathematics, physics, and philosophy arise in other fields, computer science and linguistics for example, the nLab explores these too. If you take a little time to find something in the literature, or to work through a proof or example, or to find an intuitive or new way to think about something, add a note on it to the nLab! Others will benefit, and you may well find that it proves useful to you too. A fundamental idea behind the nLab is that the linking between pages of a wiki is a profound way to record knowledge, placing it in a rich context. For more, see also Urs Schreiber‘s thoughts at What is… the nLab?. nForum, discussion, comments, and questions Most nLab pages have a corresponding discussion thread at the nForum, linked to in the menus at the top and bottom of the page. For all but the most trivial edits (correcting spelling or punctuation, etc), we ask that you announce your changes at the nForum using the box at the bottom of the edit page. Typically this would be a short note summarising what you have done, but it can also include what you plan to do, or what you would like others to do! See Welcome to the nForum for more on the nForum. If you have any questions about an nLab page, or would like to discuss or make a comment upon something in it, whether because you feel that something is wrong or missing or for any other reason, you are encouraged and very welcome to use the nForum discussion thread for the page for this purpose too. If the discussion thread does not yet exist, feel free to create it manually: use the ‘nLab - Latest changes’ category, and give it the same title (case-sensitive!) as the nLab page. The pages of the nLab have almost always been edited by several people. In almost all cases, we recommend that you use the nForum rather than contact an author of an edit directly, but if you do have a reason to do this, the history of edits to the page with the details of who made them can be found by clicking on ‘History’ at the bottom of the page. Contributing to the nnLab If after looking around for a while you feel like contributing yourself, you are very welcome to do so! See below for more on how to actually edit, as well as the HowTo. If you make any edits to the nLab, please follow the guidelines for announcing your changes at the nForum given above. If you are unsure whether what you would like to contribute is appropriate, please ask at the nForum before making the edit. Viewing and editing the nnLab The nLab should be viewable and editable in any modern web browser on any device. For technical reasons, browsers which are able to render MathML, such as Firefox, may render very large pages quicker than other browsers, but these pages are few and far between, and most people will be able to use the browser of their choice. Editing the nLab these days can be done more or less as in LaTeX. Macros are not currently available, but mathematics can be entered within dollar signs as usual, theorem environments, sections and tables of contents can be defined as in LaTeX, commutative diagrams and figures can be created in Tikz or XyMatrix, and so on. For simple formatting, such as italics, and for some other things such as tables, Markdown is used. See the HowTo for more on editing the nLab. Making use of material from the nnLab One goal of the nnLab is to help make information widely available and usefully related to other information. In this users and contributors are expected to follow traditional academic practice: Using and distributing content obtained from the nnLab is free and encouraged if you acknowledge the source, as usual in academia. (There is currently no consensus on a more formal license statement, but if it matters check if relevant individual contributors state such on their nnLab homepages.) If you cite a page you may want to point to a specific version of it, because nnLab pages can change. You can find a list of all the versions of a page by clicking on the History link at the bottom of the page itself. Conversely, any content contributed to the nnLab is publicly available and you should be aware that others may use your contributions (whatever you decide to do with their content elsewhere) and indeed may edit them. In the first case you trust that users will cite your contributions properly, in the second that they will respect and only improve on them. At the same time, you are expected to properly acknowledge sources of information for material entered into the nnLab. Usually this works well. If there is need for discussion, the nForum is the forum to turn to. If serious problems arise, the steering committee might intervene. Installation The domain ncatlab.org is owned by Urs Schreiber. The nnLab server is currently hosted at Carnegie Mellon University, kindly provided by Steve Awodey. The nLab’s software and technical administrative matters are in the hands of the nLab’s technical board. Much of the software behind the nLab has been written especially for the nLab: the latest source can be found at GitHub. It was originally an instance of Instiki. The nnLab page style is due to Jake Bian, originating with his Kan browser extension The nnLab logo is due to David Roberts, inspired by Matisse’s painting La Gerbe. Besides being an inside reference to higher structures known as gerbes, the logo represents maybe computational trinitarianism or the progression of modalities or generally the unity of diverse mathematical phenomena revealed by the nPOV. Contact The default venue for all communication regarding the nLab is the nForum. When posting there you get to choose a “category”-label for your message: Latest edit logs are to be posted under Latest changes. Organizational matters (such as concerning user accounts) are best posted under nLab Oragnisation. Technical bug reports or software feature requests are best raised in nLab Technical Matters or directly on github.com/ncatlab/nlab/issues. Please do not try to contact the technical team on matters that are not purely technical: Policy decisions are made by the active nLab community or, if all fails, by the Steering Committee. Steering Committee The nnLab is a community undertaking. But for all matters that do require that the nnLab is represented to the outside by an official decision-taking body, we have the steering committee. Nobody “is in charge of the nnLab”. But the steering committee is the closest approximation to a body being in charge that we have. category: meta Last revised on February 7, 2024 at 12:41:03. See the history of this page for a list of all contributions to it. Edit PageEdit WebDiscussPrevious revisionChanges from previous revisionHistory (307 revisions) Cite Print Source