Cointelegraph: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Crypto News & Price Indexes English Advertise About News Bitcoin Ethereum Altcoins Blockchain Business Policy & Regulations AI NFTs DeFi Adoption Markets Market News Price Indexes Market Analysis Heatmap Top 10 Cryptocurrencies Calculator Magazine People Top 100 2023 Top 100 2022 Top 100 2021 Top 100 2020 Opinion Expert Take Interview Cryptopedia Explained How to Learn Glossary Research Video Podcasts Markets Pro SEC pushes back BlackRock, Fidelity spot Ethereum ETF proposals Latest News by Tom Mitchelhill 9 hours ago Editor's choice Hot stories SEC pushes back BlackRock, Fidelity spot Ethereum ETF proposals Bitcoin traders dismiss ‘triple top’ as BTC price stops $150 from $69K Asia Express: $383M for HK crypto hub, APAC exchanges expand, Digital Yuan bridge Bitcoin just hit a record in open interest — expect imminent volatility Cats vs dogs: Animal memecoins surge triple, quadruple digits over past month Nigerian committee summons Binance CEO over financial crime suspicions 29822 Bitcoin daily withdrawals challenge records as $2B leaves exchanges 26809 MicroStrategy set to raise $600M via convertible notes to buy more Bitcoin 25336 SEC pushes back BlackRock, Fidelity spot Ethereum ETF proposals 25263 Tether’s USDT stablecoin hits historic $100B market cap 23246 Press Releases Ad TRON DAO at ETH Denver and host of TRON Builder Tour Denver stop Hectic Turkey's presale shatters records, ushering in next-gen meme token era Market Releases Ad Meme Coins continue to surge as dogwifhat rises 360% and Smog pumps 78% Market Update Bitcoin traders dismiss ‘triple top’ as BTC price stops $150 from $69K Bitcoin deals a swift blow to late longs on the cusp of all-time highs, saving BTC price discovery for another day. by William Suberg 32 minutes ago News Tether launches recovery tool to migrate USDT between blockchains Tether will allow users to move their USDT between blockchains if any of the operated blockchains become unresponsive. by Helen Partz 48 minutes ago News Virginia passes crypto-friendly bill to foster blockchain expansion U.S. Virginia Senate Bill No. 339, which aims to create a work group dedicated to studying cryptocurrencies, blockchain and crypto mining, received majority support from the Senate. by Arijit Sarkar 2 hours ago News Coinbase shares climb after-hours as exchange fixes site jitters Coinbase has continued to stamp out bugs that have been drawing the ire of users over the last week while the exchange’s share prices keep climbing. by Jesse Coghlan 3 hours ago News Stanford’s Blyth Fund allocates 7% of its portfolio to Bitcoin Kole Lee, the leader of Stanford’s Blockchain Club, pitched the student-run fund to invest in BlackRock’s spot Bitcoin ETF as early as February. by Martin Young 3 hours ago Crypto market news Bitcoin traders dismiss ‘triple top’ as BTC price stops $150 from $69K Insanely bullish facts and figures about how the bull market may play out Bitcoin just hit a record in open interest — expect imminent volatility Dogecoin (DOGE) open interest tops $1.4B — Is it time for memecoins to correct? News Cats vs dogs: Animal memecoins surge triple, quadruple digits over past month Dog, cat and frog-themed memecoins have been battling it out in the charts, though dog-themed tokens are still edging out others as the most widely traded. by Tom Mitchelhill 5 hours ago News Insanely bullish facts and figures about how the bull market may play out Bitcoin is currently priced at $68,300, a mere 1% off its all-time high of $69,000. by Brayden Lindrea 5 hours ago News Grayscale’s GBTC Bitcoin holdings have fallen 33% since its conversion Grayscale held around 620,000 BTC at the time its GBTC fund was converted into an ETF. Today it’s sitting at around 420,680 BTC. by Martin Young 5 hours ago News Fantom seeks Multichain liquidation in attempt to recover $122M from exploit Fantom plans to petition a Singapore court to wind up the Multichain Foundation to recover millions it lost due to the Multichain exploit last year. by Jesse Coghlan 6 hours ago Opinion Bitcoin just hit a record in open interest — expect imminent volatility Stay calm and avoid getting carried away by the possibly imminent all-time highs for Bitcoin and Ethereum. Open interest needs to get wiped out sooner or later. by Lucas Kiely 9 hours ago News SEC pushes back BlackRock, Fidelity spot Ethereum ETF proposals The SEC has again delayed its decision on spot Ethereum ETF applications from BlackRock and Fidelity as analysts continue to tip May as the month to watch. by Tom Mitchelhill 9 hours ago Markets News Why is the crypto market up today? The crypto market is up today as institutional inflows, total open interest, and Bitcoin market cap all target new highs. by Nancy Lubale 9 hours ago Altcoin Watch Dogecoin (DOGE) open interest tops $1.4B — Is it time for memecoins to correct? DOGE rallied 95% in a week, but analysts signal that the bull run is only starting. by Marcel Pechman 11 hours ago News MicroStrategy set to raise $600M via convertible notes to buy more Bitcoin The $600 million in senior convertible notes will mature in March 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted into cash or MicroStrategy stock. by Brayden Lindrea 11 hours ago News Judge supports SEC securities claim in default order in Coinbase insider trading case Rules for default judgment required the judge to acknowledge the SEC’s full argument. by Derek Andersen 11 hours ago Markets News Ethereum network is valued fairly, but ETH could still see 17x return — Brian Russ Using a unique quantitative approach, ETHDenver speaker Brian Russ told attendees that ETH is fairly valued but could produce a 17x return by 2033. by Ray Salmond 12 hours ago Newsletter US lawmakers fight CBDC, advocate crypto custody for banks: Law Decoded Five United States senators have joined hands to fight President Joe Biden’s plans to issue a “digital dollar.” by David Attlee 12 hours ago News Rare alien CryptoPunk sells for $16M worth of Ethereum After days of bidding, an anonymous user with a newly created wallet nabbed the NFT for 4,500 ETH. by Tristan Greene 13 hours ago Bitcoin Halving Is the Bitcoin halving the right time to invest in BTC? While Bitcoin’s pre-halving rallies are historically profitable for investors, analysts expect the biggest gains to come after the halving, with some eyeing $130,000 to $180,000 by the end of 2025. by Zoltan Vardai 13 hours ago Market Update Why is Bitcoin price up today? Bitcoin price is chasing after its $69,990 all-time high as steady inflows from institutional investors enter spot BTC ETFs. by Kyle White 14 hours ago Recap Here’s what happened in crypto today Need to know what happened in crypto today? Here is the latest news on daily trends and events impacting Bitcoin price, blockchain, DeFi, NFTs, Web3 and crypto regulation. by Jesse Coghlan 14 hours ago News MicroStrategy stock spikes over 20% as BTC price continues skyward Short-sellers may be generating some of the gain, but MicroStrategy’s fundamentals are strong. by Derek Andersen 15 hours ago Price Analysis Price analysis 3/4: SPX, DXY, BTC, ETH, BNB, SOL, XRP, ADA, DOGE, AVAX Bitcoin looks ready to blast above its all-time high, but traders should remember that vertical rallies are rarely sustainable. by Rakesh Upadhyay 15 hours ago News Here’s how much Bitcoin you could buy with all the fiat currency in the world 5,000 BTC used to get you a pizza — now it’s worth more than some countries. by Tristan Greene 15 hours ago Announcement Orange Domains aims to expand Bitcoin Name System functionality Orange Domains seeks to expand the use cases of BNS domains while creating more interconnectivity with traditional DNS-based domains. by Zoltan Vardai 17 hours ago Market Update BTC price nears $67K as new GBTC Bitcoin outflows pass $550M Bitcoin price advances like a steamroller toward all-time highs despite a fresh rebound in GBTC outflows. by William Suberg 17 hours ago CT Accelerator Redefining digital identity: Metropolis joins Cointelegraph Accelerator Metropolis, a 360-degree curated universe that blends commerce, gaming and experiences, has joined Cointelegraph Accelerator. by Cointelegraph Accelerator 18 hours ago News Omni Network seals $600M deal with Ether.Fi The $600 million worth of Ether will be restaked on EigenLayer. by Zoltan Vardai 18 hours ago News NFT utility continues to captivate fashion and luxury brands — NFT Paris Artists, fashion and luxury brands showcased the actual utility of NFTs and blockchain technology at NFT Paris. by Gareth Jenkinson 19 hours ago Local News Taiwan to introduce new digital currency laws in September: Report The new draft bill will aim to create more guardrails to protect digital asset investors. by Zoltan Vardai 19 hours ago Explained What determines the Bitcoin price? The market forces of supply and demand determine Bitcoin’s price, which is volatile due to the uncertainty regarding BTC’s future value. by Jagjit Singh 20 hours ago News Hong Kong SFC blacklists fake crypto exchange websites According to blockchain security experts, it might not be that easy to detect if a crypto website is fake, especially for new visitors. by Helen Partz 21 hours ago Interview VanEck’s new NFT platform SegMint highlights TradFi’s keen interest in Web3 tokenization VanEck continues to expand its presence in the cryptocurrency and Web3 space by launching its own NFT management platform. by Gareth Jenkinson 22 hours ago Load more articles News Bitcoin Blockchain Ethereum Altcoins Business Policy & Regulations AI NFTs DeFi Adoption Features Top 100 2023 Top 100 2022 Top 100 2021 Top 100 2020 Magazine Analysis Opinion Hodler’s Digest Expert Take Top 10 Cryptocurrencies Market Analysis Interview Historical Market Tools Market News Markets Pro Bitcoin Price Index Ethereum Price Index Bitcoin Cash Price Index Litecoin Price Index Ripple Price Index Monero Price Index Heatmap Partner Calculator Cryptopedia Explained Learn How to Glossary Industry Research Podcasts Press Releases Events Cointelegraph Accelerator Changelly Partner Scalable Partner About us Franchise Advertise About Widgets Newsletters Are you a journalist or an editor? Join us MOBILE APPS COINTELEGRAPH NEWSLETTER Email Address Subscribe Cointelegraph covers fintech, blockchain and Bitcoin bringing you the latest crypto news and analyses on the future of money. FOLLOW US Terms of services and Privacy policy © Cointelegraph 2013 - 2024