Streaming Media - Online Video News, Trends, and Analysis --> Streaming Media NYC Streaming Media Connect 2024 Europe Site Producer Sourcebook Get Streaming Media in your inbox - Sign up for free toggle menu Live Streaming Encoding/Transcoding OTT TV Formats/Codecs/Protocols Streaming Media Producer Products/Services Industry Verticals More Topics Cloud Video Streaming Music Sports/eSports Video Advertising Content Protection Video Production Mobile Video Content Delivery Networks/CDN Legal Issues Video Quality VR/AR/MR Products/Services Industry Verticals Search Home Subscribe Magazine Newsletters Download Current Issue Previous Issues RSS Feeds News Online Video News Industry Announcements In Depth Features What Is... Spotlights Video Short Cuts Blog Columns Whitepapers & Research Streaming Media Guides Industry Whitepapers Research Reports Webinars Video Latest Conference Videos Video Tutorials Video Short Cuts Resources Current Issue Previous Issues Streaming Media Directory and Sourcebook Readers Choice Awards Trendsetting Products Industry Announcements Take a Survey Conferences Streaming Media Connect 2024 Streaming Media NYC Past Conferences About About Us Contact Us How To Advertise Sourcebook Media Kits Editorial Calendar Editorial Submissions Reprints Press Release Submissions Save your seat for Streaming Media NYC this May. Register Now! Top Story Record U.S. Election Spending in 2024 Will Generate New AdTech Innovations The 2024 election is expected to drive record ad revenue, with some estimates putting the total at over $10 billion. This would make the 2024 election the most expensive in US history, surpassing the 2020 election, which saw $9 billion in ad spending. Dave Dembowski of Operative covers how new technologies to effectively segment, deliver addressable ads, and increase digitalization of TV buying make it easier to target local markets and audiences and what complexities come with this. 04 Mar 2024 Latest News MWC24: While 5G Lags, 6G and Quantum Wait in the Wings Locality Announces Strategic Local Video Advertising Partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery Evan Shapiro Pulls Back the Curtain on the M&E Q4 Earnings Reports MWC24: Consumer XR Faces Reality Check More Articles Streaming Media Blog Strategies That Make AI-Powered Virtual Product Placement Soar The (R)evolution Will Be Streamed: Shoppable TV in Our Living Rooms Navigating the Cloud Transition: Tailored Strategies for Broadcasters in the Digital Age What’s Next for AI Dubbing in the Media Industry? More Articles Streaming Media Companies and Suppliers Find out all you need to know about the strategies and solutions to all your online video and streaming needs. The number one resource for streaming media professionals. Visit the Streaming Media Sourcebook Features How to Meet the Challenges of Cloud-Based Media Creation Michael Cerda, CPO for Streaming at TelevisaUnivision, Talks Building and Growing the World’s Largest Spanish-Language Streaming Service OBSBOT Tail Air AI-Powered PTZ Streaming Camera Monetizing FAST and OTT with Metadata and User Data Review: Magewell Director Mini Cloud Atlas: MovieLabs’ 2030 Vision Roadmap for Industry-Wide M & E Interoperability More Articles Spotlights Introducing OBSBOT Tail Air and Tiny 2 (Live Demos) No Code, No Kidding: Simplify Your Live Streaming with Norsk Studio Designing Streaming Infrastructure for a Massive Music Festival Making Cloud-Based Remote Editing an Operational Reality Nimble Streamer: Cost-Efficient Streaming Software Tech Talk: Making the Most out of BRIDGE LIVE with AJA's Mike Boucke More Articles Free for qualified subscribers Subscribe Now Current Issue Past Issues Streaming Media Guides Best Practices for OTT Monetization: FAST, AVOD, SVOD, Hybrid, & More Guide: Future of Interactivity More Web Events Overhauling the Broadcast Workflow Coming March 21, 2024 NAB Sneak Preview: See Tomorrow's Streaming Showstoppers Today Coming April 04, 2024 More Web Events Video Short Cuts More Synchronization vs. Latency - Which Matters More in Enterprise and Sports Streaming? Chris Packard, Global Live Operations Lead at LinkedIn, discusses the role of interactivity in enterprise streaming, what the essential elements are of a successful user experience, and striking a realistic balance between ultra-low latency and synchronization, in this discussion with nanocosmos' Oliver Lietz and Help Me Stream's Tim Siglin from Streaming Media Connect 2024. 04 Mar 2024 Netflix, Disney, and the State of Paid Subscription Sharing At the end of 2023 when Netflix reported eye-popping profits from its widely publicized crackdown on subscription-sharing and the surcharge sharers would henceforth have to pay, concerns arose around the industry that other subscription streaming services from premium to niche would soon be following suit and restricting the common practice of subscription sharing with their user base. In this candid debate from February's Streaming Media Connect 2024, TVREV's Alan Wolk, ESHAP's Evan Shapiro, and Hub Entertainment Research's Jon Giegengack discuss who's cracking down and how much they're enforcing new restriction, and what if any benefit smaller-market services are likely to gain from following Netflix's lead. 01 Mar 2024 Emerging Trends in CTV and Streaming Monetization Google TV Senior Director of Engineering Shobana Radhakrishnan discusses ongoing shifts in M&E content consumption like the growth of CTV and streaming relative to traditional linear broadcast, the continued fragmentation of the streaming content market, and how the transition to more advertising-based monetization models will impact the overall revenue picture in 2024-26 in this clip from her Streaming Media Connect keynote. 23 Feb 2024 How WebRTC Impacts Stream Resiliency for Contribution and Distribution Strategizing for low-latency streaming at scale and choosing WebRTC or another protocol means juggling multiple priorities and assessing stream resiliency on both the contribution and distribution ends. Dolby.io's Ryan Jespersen and AWS's Evan Statton make the case for WebRTC in this clip from Streaming Media Connect. 21 Feb 2024 Streaming Media Columns More The Producer's View All-in-One Streaming Tools Let You Do It All—But Should You? Today, we are seeing a similar conglomeration of features and abilities in today's production hardware, enabling one person to "do it all!" This begs the question: Should you do it all? 26 Jan 2024 Editor's Note Live Sports Streaming and the Edison Tone Test There can be little doubt that live sports streaming has a lucrative and dazzling future. But first, it needs to get past the Tone Test stage. 26 Jan 2024 Class Act Effective K–12 Video Strategies The revolutionary change over the past 10 years has made production technologies accessible to teachers and even students. And 4 years ago, of course, almost everyone was forced to rely on educational video to keep schools asfunctional as possible. Today, we can identify several use cases of teacher-produced educational video that are particularly effective. 26 Jan 2024 Ad Sense Should We Trust Nielsen Math? After reviewing Nielsen/Gracenote's 2023 State of Play report, Data-Driven Per­sonalization: The Future of Streaming Content Discovery, I found the numbers they cited to be very much on the creative side. I don't get a warm, fuzzy feeling when I think about their research. 23 Jan 2024 What is ... What Is a Codec? What Is VVC? What Is H.264? What Is a Content Delivery Network (CDN)? Online Video Industry Announcements Ateliere’s New Complimentary Media Supply Chain Analysis and Consulting Programs Help Jump Start a Healthier Operation Interra Systems Elevates Media Quality Assurance With Comprehensive, Seamless Solutions at 2024 NAB Show Broadpeak Collaborates With Deutsche Telekom Global Carrier and Microsoft Azure to Improve the Mobile Video Streaming Experience Streaming Media Industry Whitepapers Cloud Enabled Production: Leveraging the Cloud for Remote Production and Distribution Matrox Video 21 Nov 2023 Real-Time Streaming at Scale Wowza 10 Oct 2023 Nimble Streamer: Cost-Efficient Streaming Software Nimble Streamer 10 Oct 2023 The Definitive Guide to Understanding IP Addresses and VPNs and Implications for Businesses digital element 05 Oct 2023 Streaming Media Research Live-Streaming Technology Trends 2023 Sponsored by: Softvelum 20 Dec 2023 State of Streaming Autumn 2023 Sponsored by: Tulix 28 Nov 2023 The State of Streaming Spring 2023 Sponsored By: Tulix 25 May 2023 Media and Broadcast File-Transfer Workflow Challenges Sponsored By: Signiant 09 Jun 2022 Popular Articles MWC24: Consumer XR Faces Reality Check Locality Announces Strategic Local Video Advertising Partnership with Warner Bros. Discovery Netflix, Disney, and the State of Paid Subscription Sharing MWC24: While 5G Lags, 6G and Quantum Wait in the Wings MWC24: Operators Struggle to Make 5G Pay Off Streaming Media Producer Navigating the Cloud Transition: Tailored Strategies for Broadcasters in the Digital Age Review: YC Onion Pineta Peak Tripod System Designing Streaming Infrastructure for a Massive Music Festival Making Cloud-Based Remote Editing an Operational Reality How to Monitor Cloud-Based Low-Latency Streams at Scale Streaming Media Europe MWC24: While 5G Lags, 6G and Quantum Wait in the Wings MWC24: Consumer XR Faces Reality Check MWC24: Operators Struggle to Make 5G Pay Off MWC24: AI Has Telcos Thinking About the Future of Networks Ad Tiering Pays Off as 36% of Subscribers Level Up to Avoid Ads StreamingMedia.com is the premier online destination for professionals seeking industry news, information, articles, directories and services. All Content Copyright © 2009 - 2024Information Today Inc. Streaming Media Magazine143 Old Marlton PikeMedford, NJ 08055(609) 654-6266 PRIVACY/COOKIES POLICY Resources Home SM Magazine SM Digital Editions (PDF Download) Conference Videos Video Tutorials Streaming Media Xtra Streaming Media Topic Centers Streaming Media Industry Verticals Streaming Media Guides Readers Choice Sourcebook Online Video News Spotlights About StreamingMedia.com Contact Us Other ITI Sites Streaming Media Europe Streaming Media Producer Database Trends and Applications DestinationCRM Faulkner Information Services InfoToday.com KMWorld Online Searcher Smart Customer Service Speech Technology Unisphere Research