University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Skip to content Skip to footer Site Menu Academics Academic Programs Academic Catalog UWM Online Student Success Center Advising Schools & Colleges Schedule of Classes Academic Calendar Grades & Transcripts Honors College Experiential Learning Continuing Education Admission Overview Cost & Aid Apply Now Admitted Students New Freshman Graduate Study International Transfer Adult & Returning Re-entry Second Degree UWM Online Out-of-state Military & Veterans Non-Degree Admission Forms Student Life Overview Housing & Residence Life Transportation Services Recreation & Fitness Health & Safety Student Support Jobs & Careers Technology Bookstore Union Campus Events Parents & Family Multicultural Student Centers LGBTQ+ Military & Veterans Resouces Accessibility Resource Center Research Overview Research News Libraries Featured Experts Distinguished Professors Research Partnerships Research News Research Foundation Real Estate Foundation International About Overview Visit About Milwaukee Locations Video & Stories Office of the Chancellor Vision, Values & Mission Leadership Budget Alumni Partnerships Visit Apply For Students Canvas PAWS Navigate Email Microsoft 365 Financial Services Enrollment / Records Events ZeeMee For Faculty / Staff Microsoft 365 Canvas PAWS Navigate My UW System More Resources… Libraries Athletics Give More Alumni Employment Directory Map University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Site Search Search for:Search UW-Milwaukee Pause videoFree Tuition for First-Time Students The Milwaukee Tuition Promise provides free tuition for qualifying students starting in Fall 2024. View Eligibility Requirements Apply to UWM Majors Visit Apply Cost News Events A Career-Building Experience, an Affordable Degree Get the best of both worlds: a college campus in a tree-lined neighborhood five minutes from Lake Michigan, and 10 minutes north of a bustling downtown with thousands of internships and job connections. We are nationally recognized for our undergraduate research, and UWM students get real-world experiences that shape their education and careers, such as paid internships, entrepreneurship programs and community-based classes and volunteer opportunities. Forge your own path, your way, at UWM. 200+ Academic Programs 7 Ways Students Get Hands-On Learning at UWM 108graduate programs Take a virtual tour of campus No matter your major, you can perform research alongside faculty mentors and contribute to your field as early as the summer before your freshman year. Biomedical sciences major Sanya says, “One of the best reasons to do research as an undergrad is that you really get an understanding of if you like your major or not. I was sitting in a basement lab analyzing cortisol samples and having the best time. That really drove home to me that I’m pursuing the right field.”From being an RA in a residence hall to a tutor in the Student Success Center, UWM offers plenty of paid work experiences that directly relate to students’ majors. Art major Natalie works in UWM’s University Housing office as a graphic designer.Nonprof-IT brings students together to work on project teams and get credit for providing IT solutions to nonprofit organizations. “I got really unique leadership experience,” says Kaleb, an information science and technology major. “I was basically a project manager for the whole semester.”Prepare for a future career in health care with hospital- and clinic-based learning experiences. Nursing major Aaron says, “I’m doing my clinicals at Ascension St. Francis Hospital. I was nervous at first, but providing care to patients and seeing how what I’ve learned in class applies to real-life scenarios has given me confidence.”Step inside a Milwaukee classroom as a student teacher for valuable teaching experience and insight. Art education major Jason says, “Going into student-teaching, I was so nervous about speaking in front of a class, and I had to keep referring back to my notes. But now I feel a lot more comfortable going with the flow and interacting with students.”Thanks to UWM’s close proximity to and connections with Milwaukee businesses, including Fortune 500 companies, it’s common for students to get internships that lead to valuable work experience. For example, mechanical engineering student Erick did an internship at Harley-Davidson. UWM’s Lubar Entrepreneurship Center (LEC) helps students in all disciplines develop the creativity and know-how to advance their careers. For example, before Loren graduated from UWM with a marketing degree, she worked with the LEC to launch an all-natural, organic hair care company. Learn by Doing A well-rounded education doesn’t come from textbooks alone. We encourage all UWM students to build on what they learn in class with real-world experiences. Our students travel to other countries, do research, land internships, create startups, teach in Milwaukee classrooms, and more. No matter what you choose to study, you can get experience in your field before graduation day and leave UWM with a valuable degree and an impressive resume. View All Experiential Learning Options Your UWM Experience Meet 8 UWM Students Hired Before Graduation Explore Milwaukee 280student organizations 7 Things to Know About Student Life at UWM 15:1student-to-teacher ratio Find Support on Campus 4 Residence Halls to Explore Connect on ZeeMee Meet and chat with other current and prospective UWM students. Visit the Panther Family Portal Stay informed and get connected in parent and family communities. William Toney studied opera theater in the Peck School of the Arts. After graduation, he will begin working with the American Gothic Performing Arts Festival in Iowa. Then in January he will join Opera for the Young in Madison. (UWM Photo/Elora Hennessey)Maria Sanchez is graduating with a degree in biomedical sciences, medical lab science. Maria has been hired at Advocate Aurora Health as a medical laboratory scientist. In that role, she will perform scientific testing on samples and report results to physicians. (UWM Photo/Elora Hennessey)James Veltri (right) is a materials engineering grad who has been doing research in the lab of Distinguished Professor Pradeep Rohatgi. (James is pictured here with Associate Professor Dr. Benjamin Church.) A veteran of the U.S. Navy, James has been doing schoolwork and research in the foundry at UWM. He recently accepted an offer to work in failure analysis for Lockheed Martin’s space division in Denver starting in August. (UWM Photo/Troye Fox)Madison Sabel is graduating with a bachelor’s in architectural studies and minor in business. Madison has been hired full-time as a designer at Ramlow/Stein Architecture + Interiors. (UWM Photo/Troye Fox)Chandler Baures, a civil engineering major, accepted a full-time position at Findorff, in the company’s Milwaukee office. Chandler has been serving as president of UWM’s Construction Leadership Council. In this position, he enjoyed helping grow interest in the construction industry among students. (UWM Photo/Troye Fox)Jhonette Balingit is graduating with a degree in actuarial science. Jhonette interned at Willis Towers Watson in an actuarial assisting role and was offered a full-time job as an actuarial analyst in the company’s Los Angeles office. (UWM Photo/Elora Hennessey)Zahra Saeed is an engineer by training who immigrated here from Pakistan, enrolled in the professional science master’s program and took advantage of every opportunity the School of Freshwater Sciences had to offer. She did original water technology research with Marcia Silva and interned with Sweet Water, an organization that aims to restore Milwaukee watersheds. Zahra has accepted a job at the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin in Madison as a water data scientist. (UWM Photo/Marcelo Martinez)Gabby Majinski worked as a financial analyst intern at Baird while majoring in finance and marketing. She has accepted a full-time position at Baird, an investment firm and financial services company. (UWM Photo/Troye Fox) Hired Before Graduation It’s not unusual for UWM students to graduate with a job in hand thanks to connections made through internships, field study placements and other practical experiences. Meet eight May 2023 graduates who have already accepted job offers — and some who have already started working. Ready to find out how UWM could help you launch your career? Explore Campus Visit Options Across campus, UWM offers academic support services via the Student Success Center, the Writing Center, Pathway Advising (pictured), Accessibility Resource Center and more. Meet with committed academic advisors, one-on-one tutors and expert writing specialists. Find community on campus with multicultural centers, such as the American Indian Student Center, Black Student Cultural Center, Roberto Hernández Center (pictured) and Southeast Asian American Student Center. UWM’s multicultural centers regularly host social and educational events on campus.UWM offers additional resources and community through affinity centers on campus, such as the Women’s Resource Center (pictured), LGBTQ+ Resource Center, the Military and Veterans Resource Center and Fostering Success at UWM (which provides support for students who have been fostered, homeless or orphaned).At the Student Health and Wellness Center, students get easy access to primary health care providers. You’ll also find University Counseling Services here with licensed mental health professionals.Get career advising, internship opportunities, feedback on your resume and more at UWM’s Career Planning and Resource Center. Human resources major Megan (pictured) found her internship with the center’s help. Support Services at UWM You want your college journey to be fun, exciting and challenging. UW-Milwaukee is here to help you successfully navigate those challenges with a wide range of support services. Whether you’re looking to connect with internship opportunities, seeking an advisor who shares common ground, want help exploring major options or if you need basic medical services, you’ll find valuable support at UWM. View Support Centers UWM has about 10 living learning communities (LLCs). Think of LLCs as communities within communities. Students are grouped together in the same part of a residence hall based on a shared interest, career choice or major.Sandburg Hall (pictured) is the largest residence hall and the most popular choice for first-year students because it’s located in the heart of the main campus and within convenient walking distance of classes. Sandburg Hall also contains a coffee shop, cafeteria and movie theater.Two other first-year housing options are RiverView (pictured) and Cambridge Commons. Both of these residence halls are six minutes south of the main campus via a free UWM shuttle service. They’re great options for students who want a balance between independence and staying close to campus.Upper-level UWM students have another campus housing option: Kenilworth Square (pictured here). This residence hall is for third- and fourth-year students, graduate students and students 21 and older. It has an interesting history, too: Kenilworth Square was built in 1914 as a Ford Model T plant! University Housing UW-Milwaukee offers three university housing options for first-year students and up: Sandburg Hall, Cambridge Commons and RiverView. Upper-level UWM students have an additional campus housing option: Kenilworth Square. All UWM residence halls have 24/7 security, fitness rooms, laundry access, utilities (including internet), regular social events and free shuttle service between the residence halls and UWM’s main campus. View Room Tours UWM’s compact campus covers about four city blocks and there are plenty of scenic spots to sit and study or relax. A few popular campus hubs include the Student Union, the Golda Meir Library and the Klotsche Fitness Center.UWM is just a few blocks from Bradford Beach. It’s a popular spot for students to play volleyball and spikeball, and to soak up the sun.UWM’s campus is only 10 minutes away from downtown Milwaukee. Students get all the benefits of going to college in a large city, from always having something fun to do on the weekend to having easy access to year-round internships.It’s easy to get around the campus neighborhood and beyond. Show your student ID and U-PASS card for no-charge access on any Milwaukee County Transit System bus. UWM also offers a free shuttle service between campus and the residence halls.The biggest piece of advice current UWM students share with new students? Join one of UWM’s nearly 300 student orgs! It’s easily one of the best ways to make friends and find your community.Kick off a new year at UWM with a week of fun activities, including campus cookouts, boat tours around the city, stand-up paddleboarding on the Milwaukee River and more.UWM has 15 NCAA Division I teams, but no matter which Panthers team is your favorite, UWM students get free admission to all home regular-season athletics events with a valid UWM ID. Student Life at UWM UWM students describe the university as being the best of both worlds. UWM’s campus is just five minutes from Lake Michigan and nestled in a safe, tree-lined neighborhood, so students get to enjoy the classic college experience. But if you want all the conveniences, job opportunities and excitement of a major city, UWM is also 10 minutes from Milwaukee’s bustling downtown. On campus itself, you’ll find a welcoming, inclusive student community. There are always events happening around campus and with nearly 300 student clubs to explore, you’ll be able to form strong friendships. Sign Up For a Campus Tour Learn about UWM’s campus gardens and where our fresh produce goes Architect and UWM alum creates new spaces in Milwaukee 11UWM alumni you should know UWM’s Impact As a top-tier research university, we support groundbreaking work that helps real people and real communities. We provide scholarships so that students have fewer roadblocks to success, and we offer entrepreneurship programs to help students in all disciplines develop the creativity and know-how to advance their careers. And a degree from UWM connects you with more than 218,000 successful alumni. You’ll find them in architecture firms, film studios, hospitals, classrooms, research labs, Fortune 500 companies and more. UWM Alumni Association UWM News Matt Rinka (’97 BS Architectural Studies), founder and partner of RINKA, is a national architecture expert. His firm has received over 85 awards, including recognition as one of the best places to work in Milwaukee. RINKA has completed high profile projects, such as the Moderne, the Couture, the Milwaukee Bucks’ Deer District and Michels Corporation’s River 1, that have helped revitalize downtown Milwaukee. “UWM has had a tremendous impact on my life. One of the things that impacted me most was studio life. The comradery, the extremely hard work, the late nights… It taught me grit, perseverance and those things that have allowed me to understand how to succeed in the rest of my career.” Matt RinkaClass of ’97BS Architectural Studies Learn About UWM’s Architecture Program Main Campus Our 104-acre main campus on Milwaukee’s east side is in a historic neighborhood just blocks from Lake Michigan. It is home to 21,931 graduate and undergraduate students. Washington County Campus UWM at Washington County sits on 87 acres surrounded by the beautiful Kettle Moraine State Forest. It serves 291 freshmen and sophomores. Waukesha Campus UWM at Waukesha occupies 86 acres on the western edge of the City of Waukesha. It serves 715 students in associate and bachelor’s programs. UWM Online UWM is home to Wisconsin’s top-ranked bachelor’s programs, as recognized by U.S. News & World Report. It offers 47 fully online degree and certificate programs. Welcome to Your University University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Academic Programs Schools & Colleges Admission Cost & Financial Aid Athletics Health & Safety News For Media Contact Contact 2100 E. Kenwood Blvd. Milwaukee WI 53211Map Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee © 2024 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System Web Privacy Statement Accessibility Feedback Scroll to top