Arkansas Times | Arkansas news, politics, opinion, restaurants, music, movies and art Advertisement All sections Close sections Blogs Arkansas Blog Rock Candy Cannabiz Eat Arkansas Sections News Entertainment Dining Travel Media Slideshows Videos Podcasts Newsletters To Read Trending Features Classics Long Form Read this month's issue Browse the issue archives Search Login Subscribe Arkansas Blog Rock Candy Eat Arkansas Cannabiz Solar Eclipse Donate Issues It's March 5. Get out there and vote. By Benjamin Hardy The presidential primary is a done deal, but there are plenty of significant state and local races. Mar 5, 2024 1:20pm DLRP seeks mural artist for SoMa intersection By Daniel Grear Rock Candy Mar 5, 2024 12:29pm 9 stellar ways to celebrate the solar eclipse in Central Arkansas By Daniel Grear Rock Candy Mar 4, 2024 3:16pm Trending 1 Native artists Doug Hyde and Frank Buffalo Hyde at AMFA on Wednesday 2 Win a brand new Corvette Stingray Coupe at Saracen Casino Resort 3 Shaq-backed Big Chicken restaurant in NWA goes almost as big as its name implies 4 DLRP seeks mural artist for SoMa intersection 5 State revenue down almost 7% compared to this time last year Advertisement FEATURED Mike Huckabee's latest kids' book touts Trump, and it can be yours for $2*** Austin Bailey Three Pulaski County circuit judges are running for lower-court positions Debra Hale-Shelton The Central Arkansas legislative primaries to watch on March 5 Jacob Kauffman The queen’s gambit: Gov. Sanders and Co. play political games with overcrowded prisons Matt Campbell Fayetteville band Resting traffics in dream-pop desperation on debut single Jonah Thornton Sake, sumo wrestling and more at the Arkansas Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday Daniel Grear Melissa Carper announces new trio, the Wonder Women of Country Daniel Grear AG approves For AR Kids popular name and ballot title Jeannie Roberts Advertisement From the Arkansas Blog Don’t watch the solar eclipse alone, go to these Little Rock watch parties Mary Hennigan 3/5/24 4:19pm Relax. The extra pizzazz surrounding the eclipse is fun, but don’t forget that as long as you’ve got a clear view of the sun, you’re good to go. Tuesday open line Arkansas Times Staff 3/5/24 4:00pm Salutations. news & analysis Arkansas water infrastructure to get $42 million boost from federal funds Mary Hennigan 3/5/24 3:22pm The $42 million is being distributed among four Arkansas counties. An estimated 22,000 people live in the areas that should expect improvements to their water infrastructure, including Helena-West Helena. news Four child rape convictions in less than a month in Faulkner and Van Buren counties Debra Hale-Shelton 3/5/24 3:17pm Juries have convicted four men in child rape cases in less than a month in Faulkner and Van Buren counties. news & opinion It's March 5. Get out there and vote. Benjamin Hardy 3/5/24 1:20pm The presidential primary is a done deal, but there are plenty of significant state and local races. Advertisement sponsored Win a brand new Corvette Stingray Coupe at Saracen Casino Resort Sponsored 3/4/24 6:42pm news More Arkansas school districts hiring unlicensed teachers to cope with staff shortage Antoinette Grajeda for the Arkansas Advocate 3/4/24 6:05pm Research is mixed on the impact of teacher certification on student performance. Little Rock Trojans win share of Ohio Valley Conference, No. 1 seed in league tournament Rhett Brinkley 3/4/24 4:31pm The Little Rock Trojans earned the No. 1 seed in the Ohio Valley Conference tournament after its 81-43 rout over the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles at the Jack Stephens Center in Little Rock on Saturday. Name! That! Van! Mary Hennigan 3/4/24 4:20pm This is your chance to name Little Rock's new mobile visitors center. Monday open line Arkansas Times Staff 3/4/24 4:00pm Here we go again. More from the Arkansas Blog Advertisement Sponsored Posts Medical Marijuana 101 with Brian Nichol, MD Responsible Growth Arkansas Clinical & therapeutic impact of medical marijuana with Joe Thompson, MD Responsible Growth Arkansas Discussion on Arkansas Adult Use Cannabis Amendment to legalize recreational marijuana in Arkansas Responsible Growth Arkansas From Rock Candy Modeling, PETT, The Phlegms, DOT, Dylan Earl and more in Little Rock this weekend Daniel Grear 3/5/24 4:03pm It's a great weekend for live music in Little Rock. DLRP seeks mural artist for SoMa intersection Daniel Grear 3/5/24 12:29pm Located near M2 Gallery and Rock N Roll Sushi, the projected artwork will cover the entire four-way intersection of South Main and 13th streets, crosswalks included. 46th annual daffodil festival in bloom at Wye Mountain Mary Hennigan 3/4/24 3:39pm Spending an afternoon frolicking through fields of flowers is a great excuse to make the 33-mile trip out of Little Rock for the day. 9 stellar ways to celebrate the solar eclipse in Central Arkansas Daniel Grear 3/4/24 3:16pm Sure, full totality only lasts for a handful of minutes, but the days and hours leading up to the big moment are stuffed with an ever-growing number of events and festivities, especially as out-of-state tourist estimates climb into the millions. Native artists Doug Hyde and Frank Buffalo Hyde at AMFA on Wednesday Daniel Grear 3/4/24 12:12pm The father and son pair will speak about the significance of the museum's newest exhibition, "Action/Abstraction Redefined: Modern Native Art, 1940s to 1970s." Advertisement Melissa Carper announces new trio, the Wonder Women of Country Daniel Grear 3/1/24 3:39pm Arkansas-connected musician Melissa Carper has announced yet another project: the Wonder Women of Country, a trio she's formed with singer-songwriters Brennen Leigh and Kelly Willis. We're mere days away from Stevie Nicks' arrival at Simmons Bank Arena Stephanie Smittle 3/1/24 11:26am The inimitable Stevie Nicks performs in North Little Rock on Wednesday, March 6, and tickets — starting at $60 — are still available. Vanessa Carlton is set to open. 'Let's cut that narrative': A Q&A with hip-hop artist Avian Alia Quentin Gayfield 3/1/24 10:47am Lake Village native Avian Alia is blending hip-hop and neo-soul to create a style that's all her own. 21 Savage, John Legend and Cage The Elephant among upcoming shows at the AMP and Momentary Daniel Grear 2/29/24 2:20pm Hozier, Maggie Rogers, Deadmau5, Jon Batiste and more are also on the calendar. Sake, sumo wrestling and more at the Arkansas Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday Daniel Grear 2/29/24 10:40am In addition to musical performances, traditional carnival games, an anime cosplay contest and a haiku competition, the Hot Springs festival boasts workshops and lectures about tea, sake, samurai swords, furoshiki gift wrapping, manga, the yukata summertime kimono and the Buddhist symbolism behind cherry blossoms. More from the Rock Candy blog Advertisement From Eat Arkansas Shaq-backed Big Chicken restaurant in NWA goes almost as big as its name implies Mary Hennigan 3/4/24 1:40pm A surprise text from a friend on her way to try Shaquille O’Neal’s fast food restaurant in Springdale resulted in a play-by-play review. Sterling Market hosting eclipse watch party Rhett Brinkley 3/1/24 4:24pm East Village restaurant Sterling Market is making use of its indoor/outdoor dining space to host a party for the total solar eclipse on Monday, April 8. news Owner of Benton restaurant Tim’s Tavern arrested on charges of sexually assaulting two minors Rhett Brinkley 2/29/24 2:25pm A Benton restaurant owner who was arrested in January on sexual assault charges was arrested again Wednesday after the same victims — both minors employed at his restaurant — came forward with additional information. Kat Robinson launches ‘The Great Arkansas Barbecue Questionnaire’ Brock Hyland 2/28/24 12:57pm Arkansas food historian and author Kat Robinson has recently launched a questionnaire aimed at local owners of barbecue restaurants for research ahead of her newest book covering the state's barbecue traditions. Smashed N' Stacked's burger whiz is hungry to help Dave Anderson 2/22/24 10:00am Smashed N’ Stacked burgers pile on flavor, but the real goal is to smash food insecurity. Advertisement Brood & Barley’s Khan shrimp salad special is a perfect take on a Caesar Rhett Brinkley 2/22/24 6:43am I’m still thinking about Brood & Barley’s weekly salad special. 1982, the year of the Horseradish Souffle Arkansas Times Staff 2/21/24 3:20pm The headline for this 1982 write-up by Mary Dee Terry, which ran in the sporadic Arkansas Gourmet department, was "It May Sound Terrible But it Tastes Sooo Good!" We'll take her word for it. Bleu Monkey Grill to open Monday in West Little Rock Rhett Brinkley 2/21/24 11:23am Hot Springs’ Bleu Monkey Grill will open its new West Little Rock outlet next week at 10700 N. Rodney Parham in the Village at Pleasant Valley shopping center. The Hotel Hot Springs targeting spring for Coy’s Steakhouse revival Rhett Brinkley 2/20/24 4:17pm The Hotel Hot Springs is targeting a spring opening for revival restaurant Coy's Steakhouse. El Palenque rules the roost Matt Campbell 2/17/24 7:00am Authenticity is a priority for owners David and Marlin (pronounced “mar-LEEN") Martinez, both in the decor and the food that they serve. More from the Eat Arkansas blog Advertisement Advertisement Subscribe Supporting the Arkansas Times' independent journalism is more vital than ever. Help us deliver the latest daily reporting and analysis on news, politics, culture and food in Arkansas. Subscribe Events Facebook Instagram Twitter Read this month's issue About the Times Founded 1974, the Arkansas Times is a lively, opinionated source for news, politics & culture in Arkansas. Our monthly magazine is free at over 500 locations in Central Arkansas. History Contact Submit a tip Customer support Special Publications Copyright ©2024, All rights reserved • Privacy Policy × Hide ad Sign in