Gitter — Where developers come to talk. Apps Documentation Open source Sign-in to start talking Sign-in Where communities thrive Latest news Gitter has migrated to Matrix Gitter is a chat and networking platform that helps to manage, grow and connect communities through messaging, content and discovery. Sign-in to start talking Sign-in Get the apps By signing up you agree to our End User License Agreement and Acceptable Use Policy. Built on Matrix Matrix.org is an open network for secure, decentralized communication. There is a variety of clients are available. Learn more Simple to start Sign-in with GitHub/GitLab/Twitter and start chatting, with End-to-End Encrypted messaging. Markdown and LaTeX Format your messages just like with your other favorite developer tools. Trusted by Matrix native Chat that always works and your content is made to last. Available however you want to access Gitter. Just connect your favorite Matrix client to the gitter.im homeserver. Internals you'll want to see, it's just JSON, make it yours. Learn more Get Gitter The Gitter webapp is available in all modern browsers, and there are a variety of Matrix clients available. We recommend Element for desktop, Android and iOS native apps. Gitter Web Download Element After downloading Element, be sure to specify gitter.im as the homeserver. Chris Nicholson, Deeplearning4j: We have an engineering team and open source community distributed over several continents, but the conversation lives in one place - and that's Gitter. Valentin Anastase, Freezing Moon: Other communication solutions for the projects I’ve been involved in were far from ideal. Switching to Gitter was one of the best decisions I've made and there's no going back now. Troy McConaghy, BigchainDB developer: Gitter is the main way people contact us to ask questions about BigchainDB. I guess it just feels more open, immediate and personal. Krishna Srinivas, Minio: Gitter is the IRC of the post-IRC era. It has helped us at Minio build and connect with our community really well. Sam Saccone, Marionette.js Lead: Gitter has helped to bring the Marionette community together, turning it into a thriving collaborative environment that has been exceedingly beneficial to both our endusers and maintainers. David Dias, LXJS Conference Organiser: Gitter was an essential tool, not only for organising LXJS but to create a thriving community amongst our attendees before, during and even after the conference. Doge, Chief Woofing Officer: Wow chat. Much awesome. Loved by our users Gitter is nothing without the people using it day in and day out. We need updated quotes! If you love Gitter, Tweet us @gitchat with what Gitter means to you or your community. Copyright © 2023 New Vector Ltd Matrix API Blog Twitter