Columbia Journalism Review Search Magazine Audio Newsletters Covering Climate Now Tow Center About Donate Membership Advertise Contact The space for dissent in conservative media is about to get even smaller By Cameron Joseph Most Recent The Media Today Indictment of Florida journalist raises troubling questions The Media Today Q&A: Jonathan Blitzer on immigration Analysis All the social media cases in front of the Supreme Court this term Analysis The UK government’s effort to blacklist critics Analysis Our most basic truth Tow Center “Pink Slime Journalism” and a history of media manipulation in America See More Recent Stories » Spotlight Can Julian Assange appeal his extradition to the US? A British court will decide. By Mathew Ingram Q&A: The Citizen Lab’s John Scott-Railton on tackling the ongoing threat of Pegasus By Yona TR Golding ‘Ghetto Reporter’: Why Drill Rap Is a Form of Journalism By The Editors Artificial Intelligence in the News: How AI Retools, Rationalizes, and Reshapes Journalism and the Public Arena By Felix M. Simon Recovering Truth: What Journalists and Academics Can Learn From Each Other By Kristin Gilger They gave local news away for free. Virtually nobody wanted it. By Kevin Lind The journalism of Alexei Navalny By Jon Allsop Advertisement The Business Model Issue Turning Point Digital media faced its toughest year on record. What comes next is for journalists to decide. Survival Guide By Feven Merid Voicemail By Danny Funt Rebrand By Mary Retta Under Review By Will Tavlin Listen Up By Emily Russell How one of Britain’s most notorious unsolved murders tainted the tabloid press By Jem Bartholomew Writing the AI Rulebook By Hamilton Nolan How to Make AI Art By Darrel Frost And Yet By Kyle Pope Solutions Oriented How foundation money is transforming local news By Megan Greenwell Magazine Recent Issues The Business Model Issue Fall 2023 The Authoritarianism Issue Spring 2023 The Abortion Issue Winter 2022 The Everything Virus Summer 2022 60th Anniversary 60th Anniversary The Politics Issue Fall 2021 The Existential Issue Spring 2021 What now? Winter 2020 The Election Issue Summer 2020 The Climate Issue Spring 2020 From the Archive Corridor of Mirrors The Democratic Convention in Chicago, in August 1968, was surrounded by protesters and made bloody by police violence. Whiteside was on the scene, following along with CBS News. By Thomas Whiteside The voice of journalism, since 1961 About Mission Masthead Privacy Policy Contact Support CJR Become a Member Donate Advertise Contact Us Copyright 2024, Columbia Journalism Review