Federal Highway Administration Please enable JavaScript to use this site. Skip to main content USA Banner An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .govA .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( LockA locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. U.S. Department of Transportation U.S. Department of Transportation Icon United States Department of Transportation United States Department of Transportation Search DOT Search About FHWA FHWA Organization Headquarters Offices Field Offices Strategic Plan Business Opportunities Staff Directories Careers Highway History Contact Us Programs Acquisition Management Civil Rights Federal Lands Highway Infrastructure Innovative Program Delivery Operations Planning, Environment, and Realty Policy Research, Development, and Technology Safety Browse by Topics Resources Core Highway Topics Federal Aid Essentials Automation Complete Streets Laws and Regulations Policy & Guidance Center Section 508 Publications and Statistics Professional Development National Highway Institute Resource Center Accessibility Resource Library FHWA Research Library Newsroom Press Releases Speeches & Testimony Photos Videos Media Contacts Menu Strengthening Our World-Class Highway System Bipartisan Infrastructure Law The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, also known as the “Bipartisan Infrastructure Law,” is the largest long-term investment in our infrastructure and economy in our nation’s history. It provides $550 billion over fiscal years 2022-2026 in new federal investment in roads, bridges, and mass transit, water infrastructure, resilience, and broadband. Inflation Reduction Act The Inflation Reduction Act provides over $5 billion in funds available through September 2026. The funds will be used for three new FHWA programs–the Neighborhood Access and Equity Grant Program, the Low-Carbon Transportation Materials Grants, and the Environmental Review Implementation Funds program. Featured and Popular Data/Statistics Monthly Traffic Volume TrendsAnnual Vehicle Miles TraveledState Motor-Vehicle RegistrationsInfoBridgeNational Bridge Inventory (NBI)National Household Travel Survey (NHTS) Bipartisan Infrastructure Law Learn About BILBIL Fact SheetsBIL FundingBIL GuidanceNational Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) Formula ProgramTechnical Assistance and Local Support Highway Resources MUTCDSafe System ApproachComplete Streets in FHWANational Traffic and Road Closure InformationAmerica’s BywaysFind Your Local FHWA Office FHWA at Work Infrastructure Improving the Nation’s Roads and Bridges Providing leadership, technical expertise and program assistance to help sustain America's mobility Research Research and Technology Programs Finding new solutions to enhance highway safety and efficiency Safety Highway Safety and Performance Programs Helping improve safety for public roadway users Every Day Counts EDC is a State-based model that identifies and rapidly deploys proven, yet underutilized innovations that make our transportation system adaptable, sustainable, equitable and safer for all. Proven innovations promoted through EDC facilitate greater efficiency at the State, Local and Tribal levels, saving time, money, and resources to ensure our infrastructure is built better, faster, and smarter. Learn More About EDC Transforming Transportation Improving transportation performance by advancing innovation through partnerships, technology deployment and capacity building. U.S. Department of Transportation The U.S. Department of Transportation has made safety a top priority. About FHWAThe Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) provides stewardship over the construction, maintenance and preservation of the Nation's highways, bridges and tunnels. FHWA also conducts research and provides technical assistance to state and local agencies to improve safety, mobility, and to encourage innovation. Learn More About FHWA In The News February 21, 2024 Biden-Harris Administration Opens First Round of Applications for $250 Million to Reduce Traffic in Urban Areas February 13, 2024 U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $1.2 Million in ‘Quick Release’ Emergency Relief Funding to Repair Vermont’s Bridge 129 Destroyed by Truck Fire January 23, 2024 FHWA Announces $729 Million to Repair Roads and Bridges Damaged by Natural Disasters and Extreme Weather Events MORE NEWS PublicationsPublic Roads Magazine Winter 2024 Innovator January/February 2024 Safety Compass Winter 2024 View More Publications U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Federal Highway Administration 1200 NEW JERSEY AVENUE, SE WASHINGTON, DC 20590 202-366-4000 Subscribe to email updates About About FHWA Careers Org Chart Staff Directories Work with Us Programs Acquisition Management Civil Rights Federal Lands Highway Infrastructure Innovative Program Delivery Operations Planning, Environment, and Realty Policy Research, Development, and Technology Safety Policies, Rights, Legal About DOT Accessibility Budget and Performance Civil Rights FOIA Information Quality No FEAR Act Office of Inspector General Privacy Policy USA.gov Web Policies and Notices Web Standards News & Events Newsroom Press Releases Speeches & Testimony Media Contacts Connect with Us