FSFE - Free Software Foundation Europe × Translate this page? Česky Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português Türkçe Українська Free Software Foundation Europe Go to: Menu Content Page info Donate About Activities Contribute Latest News Upcoming Events Podcast Press Login Change language Free Software Foundation Europe Free Software Foundation Europe is a charity that empowers users to control technology. Software is deeply involved in all aspects of our lives. Free Software gives everybody the rights to use, understand, adapt, and share software. These rights help support other fundamental rights like freedom of speech, freedom of press, and privacy. Learn more... Our Latest News Read more... I love FS celebrations +++ FOSDEM 2024 +++ SFP episode 05 March 2024 Our March newsletter is here! Last month took us to FOSDEM, while ‘I Love Free Software Day’ was celebrated all over Europe. We also launched a new SFP episode on the state of Free Software and a discussion on banking and Software Freedom. Check out some interesting reading and event recommendations! FOSDEM 2024 was a blast! 01 March 2024 At the beginning of February, FSFE volunteers and staffers went back to Brussels to take part in FOSDEM 2024 with a booth and talks. While for some of us this has become an awesome yearly experience, it was the first time for others. Thanks to everyone who came to FOSDEM, visited our booth for a nice chat, and joined us during our social events! "I Love Free Software Day" 2024: Forging the future with Free Software 26 February 2024 Together with hundreds of people and several organisations, we have celebrated another "I Love Free Software Day" on 14 February! On this day, we reached out to Free Software contributors to say Thank you! To all who joined us this time: Thank you for participating in this 14th edition of the "I Love Free Software Day" ❤️❤️❤️! Subscribe to our email updates. Our experts inform you about current news, events, activities, and how you can contribute. (Our Privacy Policy) Stay informed Our Community Get active... The "Public Money - Public Code" campaign, as well as the "REUSE Initiative" made me notice that the FSFE is an organization which supports the same ideals that I do. I want to help them do more great things, and so now I am proud FSFE supporter. Greg Kroah-Hartman (Linux Kernel Developer) I hope that more and more people will understand the importance of being ethical in their digital life and thus consciously use Free Software and that we will have more and more volunteers from all over Europe. Amandine “Cryptie” (Privacy Specialist) I support the FSFE because it's totally worth it. Its community is strong and very knowledgeable on a wide range of topics, so contributing to its mission is a good way to help the Free Software movement. Vincent Lequertier (Researcher on artificial intelligence for medical imaging) Freedom in the information society needs your financial contribution. Become a supporter now Your Next Steps Information material Spread the word... Events 08 – 10 March 2024 FSFE at CIRCONOMIA FANO 2024 in Fano, Italy 16 March 2024 FSFE-infobooth at national NLLGG-meeting in Utrecht, Netherlands 16 – 17 March 2024 Chemnitz Linux Days in Chemnitz, Germany See all events... Merchandise Get your gear... Go to the top Copyright © 2001-2024 Free Software Foundation Europe. Verbatim copying and distribution of this entire article is permitted in any medium, provided this notice is preserved. Contact us Jobs Imprint / Privacy Policy / Transparency Commitment FSFE has sister organisations in North America, India and Latin America. Source code Contribute to the Web team Translate this page? JavaScript Licences