ConnectSafely - Online Safety Simplified About About Us ConnectSafely Impact Report 2022 Donate Staff & Board Supporters ConnectSafely Newsletter Reprint/Repost Policy Contact Press Press Releases ConnectSafely In The News Image & Logo Library Safety and Help Safety Tips & Advice Resources for Youth in Crisis Resources Resources for Youth in Crisis All Guides Educator Guides Parent Guides Printable Quick-Guides Guías rápidas en español Family Contracts & Pledges Children’s Pledge Teen’s Pledge Parent’s Pledge Family Contract for Smartphone Use Media Resources ConnectSafely Podcasts Presentations & Slide Shows Video Library Safer Internet Day SID Home Grants for Schools & Groups Student Program Videos FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Search for: Explore by Topic Social Media Generative AI Virtual and Augmented Reality Gaming Misinformation & Media Literacy Wellness & Safety Cyberbullying & Online Abuse Privacy & Security Family Tech Seniors Guides & Quick Guides Educator Guides Parent Guides Quick Guides (short & printable) Guías Rápidas en Español All Guides News & Analysis Ask Trish Wellness Wednesday Podcasts & Radio Are We Doing Tech Right? Podcast 1-Minute Segment for CBS News Radio Media in the Middle Podcast ConnectSafely Live Podcast ConnectSafely Live Expert Video Interviews Español Explore by Topic Social Media Generative AI Virtual and Augmented Reality Gaming Misinformation & Media Literacy Wellness & Safety Cyberbullying & Online Abuse Privacy & Security Family Tech Seniors Guides & Quick Guides Educator Guides Parent Guides Quick Guides (short & printable) Guías Rápidas en Español All Guides News & Analysis Ask Trish Wellness Wednesday Podcasts & Radio Are We Doing Tech Right? Podcast 1-Minute Segment for CBS News Radio Media in the Middle Podcast ConnectSafely Live Podcast ConnectSafely Live Expert Video Interviews Español Homepage Main Featured Post Latest Ask Trish: Sora Trish, I love your AI posts. I saw OpenAI just released Sora, can you talk about it? Homepage Main Featured Post Latest Ask Trish: Sora Trish, I love your AI posts. I saw OpenAI just released Sora, can you talk about it? Spotlight Latest Family Guide to Parental Controls What are parental controls and what do they do? How do I know when to use them, and should I tell my kids? Spotlight Latest Family Guide to Parental Controls What are parental controls and what do they do? How do I know when to use them, and should I tell my kids? Recent Posts Latest How to Protect Your Online Security Contrary to what you may have heard, the threats don’t always come from hackers with sophisticated computer skills. There are plenty of criminals that use old-fashioned persuasion and trickery Recent Posts Latest How to Protect Your Online Security Contrary to what you may have heard, the threats don’t always come from hackers with sophisticated computer skills. There are plenty of criminals that use old-fashioned persuasion and trickery Ask Trish: Sharenting “My mom keeps posting pics of me online that are embarrassing. How do I get her to stop?” High School Students Debate Tech Topics in Partnership with ConnectSafely We teamed up with Silicon Valley Urban Debate League to host student debates on a range of tech topics. Ask Trish: Safer Internet Day 2024 Tuesday, February 6th (today!) is Safer Internet Day 2024! I immediately knew I had to write about it for Ask Trish… Podcast: A Conversation with ‘Mediatrician’ & Author Dr. Michael Rich ConnectSafely CEO Larry Magid speaks with Dr. Michael Rich, a pediatrician, head of Boston... 1 ... 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 ... 46 Parent’s Guide to Twitch You may not have heard of Twitch but your teen probably has. Here’s what you need to know about the popular live-streaming platform and how you can help your teen use it safely. Parent’s and Educator’s Quick-Guide to Hate Speech Hate speech is more than just harsh words. It can be any form of expression intended to vilify, humiliate, or incite hatred against a group or class of people. Parent’s Guide to Snapchat Users love that they can share a moment that’s digital footprint-free — they don’t have to think about how their photos, videos or comments make them look to some unknown audience in the future. Parent’s Guide to Twitch You may not have heard of Twitch but your teen probably has. Here’s what you need to know about the popular live-streaming platform and how you can help your teen use it safely. Parent’s and Educator’s Quick-Guide to Hate Speech Hate speech is more than just harsh words. It can be any form of expression intended to vilify, humiliate, or incite hatred against a group or class of people. Parent’s Guide to Snapchat Users love that they can share a moment that’s digital footprint-free — they don’t have to think about how their photos, videos or comments make them look to some unknown audience in the future. Quick Guides Wellness & Safety Webcast Podcasts Quick-Guide to Virtual Kidnapping Scams Virtual kidnappings are on the rise. How to protect yourself and your family from this terrifying scam. Quick-Guide to Cybersecurity Parent’s and Educator’s Quick-Guide to Hate Speech Parent’s Quick-Guide to Instagram Quick-Guide to Secure Passwords Guide to Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Meta and Ray-Ban have released their second generation of smart glasses. What you should know. Resolutions for a Safe and Secure 2024 Google Simplifies Controlling Your Information in Search Overcoming FOMO Ask Trish: U.S. Surgeon General’s Social Media Advisory Meta Opens Horizon Worlds Metaverse App to Teens Strengthening Resilience During Tough Times We spoke with Rabbi Kevin Bemel, a former US Navy chaplain, about resilience, relationships and... New Dangers Facing Kids Online Do Passwords Really Protect Us? Creating Inclusive Play Spaces How Empathy Helps Kids Succeed Australia eSafety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant Parenting for a Digital Future When it comes to understanding how young people and their families are coping with today’s... Teaching Kids Empathy & Kindness with Children’s Author Trudy Ludwig Media in the Middle Ep. 10: Cancel Culture Spirituality, Faith & Compassion During a Time of Crisis with Father Robert Ballecer, aka the “Digital Jesuit” (Webcast) Cybersecurity During COVID-19 (Webcast) Internet Ethics Amid Covid-19 Quick Guides Wellness & Safety Webcast Podcasts Quick-Guide to Virtual Kidnapping Scams Virtual kidnappings are on the rise. How to protect yourself and your family from this terrifying scam. Quick-Guide to Cybersecurity Parent’s and Educator’s Quick-Guide to Hate Speech Parent’s Quick-Guide to Instagram Quick-Guide to Secure Passwords Google Doubles Down on Sleep Sensing I have to admit, I’m a bit obsessive when it comes to sleep technology. Ask Trish: Fun and Safe Live Streaming Parent’s Guide to Google Search FBI Issues Warning About Sextortion After Arrest in Teen Death What is Catfishing and Why It’s Dangerous Online Risks and Links to Resources on How to Manage Them How Industry – and Parents – Can Protect Young Gamers Maria Oliveira Tamellini and Rodrigo Tamellini, founders of GamerSafer, talk to us about preventing crime and toxicity online. GamerSafer develops technologies to help games protect online players and communities. Well-Being on Instagram: The Latest Advice DJ & Music Educator Will Magid on Role of Music and the Arts in our Lives and Education Protecting Children from Online Sexual Exploitation (Webcast) Protecting Kids Online (Webcast) John Carr – UK Child Safety Advocate (Webcast) Parenting for a Digital Future When it comes to understanding how young people and their families are coping with today’s... Teaching Kids Empathy & Kindness with Children’s Author Trudy Ludwig Media in the Middle Ep. 10: Cancel Culture Spirituality, Faith & Compassion During a Time of Crisis with Father Robert Ballecer, aka the “Digital Jesuit” (Webcast) Cybersecurity During COVID-19 (Webcast) Internet Ethics Amid Covid-19 ConnectSafely ConnectSafely is a nonprofit dedicated to educating users of connected technology about safety, privacy and security. Our Privacy Policy © 2023 ConnectSafely. All Right Reserved. HELP Resources for Youth in Crisis Safety Tips Great Internet Safety Resources USEFUL LINKS Safer Internet Day One Good Thing