Entrepreneur - Start, run and grow your business. Skip to content Menu Close Menu Entrepreneur Landing Page Sign In Subscribe Search Entrepreneur Landing Page Search Close Menu Subscribe to Entrepreneur Starting a Business Growing a Business Leadership Guide Business News Science & Technology Money & Finance Living Franchise Subscribers For Subscribers ELN Write for Entrepreneur Bookstore Bookstore Ask an Expert Ask an Expert Podcasts Podcasts Video Play Video TV Entrepreneur TV Webinars Webinars Store Entrepreneur Store Spotlight Spotlight Magazine Magazine Subscription Edition Edition Plus Minus United States Spanish Georgia India Asia Pacific Middle East Europe South Africa Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram TikTok Snapchat RSS Copyright © 2024 Entrepreneur Media, LLC All rights reserved. Entrepreneur® and its related marks are registered trademarks of Entrepreneur Media LLC Access All Content for $5/mo Growing a Business Go Beyond Swapping Business Cards and Small Talk — Here's How to Forge Meaningful Relationships. Entrepreneur Plus - Short White By John Boitnott Career This Is the No. 1 Skill You Must Master to Succeed at Work in 2024, According to a Tech CEO Entrepreneur Plus - Short White By Amanda Breen Featured Image Business News Apple Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over iCloud's Alleged 'Enormous Structural Advantage' The lawsuit asserts that cloud storage on iPhones would be "better, safer, cheaper, and more prevalent" without Apple's policies. By Sherin Shibu Most Read Red Arrow 1 He 'Accidentally Discovered' a Semi-Passive Side Hustle in College — Now He's on Track to Make More Than $500,000 This Year 2 'I Was Young and Should Have Known It': Mark Cuban Says This Is the 1 Thing He'd 'Do Differently' in Life 3 55 Small Business Ideas to Start in 2024 4 Apple Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over iCloud's Alleged 'Enormous Structural Advantage' 5 The Infamous Diner Booth from 'The Sopranos' Finale Is Up for Auction — And Some Fans Are Livid: 'Let Future Generations Enjoy' 6 The Truth About Achieving Exponential Growth in Business, Exposed 7 Here's How Much Amazon's Typical Customer Makes, Plus How Much They Spend on the Platform Per Year Latest See all Chevron Right 'I Was Young and Should Have Known It': Mark Cuban Says This Is the 1 Thing He'd 'Do Differently' in Life Here's How Much Amazon's Typical Customer Makes, Plus How Much They Spend on the Platform Per Year The Infamous Diner Booth from 'The Sopranos' Finale Is Up for Auction — And Some Fans Are Livid: 'Let Future Generations Enjoy' Growing a Business The Truth About Achieving Exponential Growth in Business, Exposed What's preventing your business from scaling exponentially? Learn about the factors, and see how you can achieve your desired results. By John Kitchens Business Plans Outsource or DIY? 6 Signs It's Time for Virtual Assistance for Your Business When you start feeling overwhelmed and can't focus on strategic work, it's time to outsource non-core tasks to virtual assistants. By Murali Nethi Wavy Line Wavy Line Featured Voices Red Arrow Mita Mallick Verified Checkmark She Maxed Out Her Credit Cards and Sold Her Engagement Ring to Start a Business. Now She Has $25 Million in Funding — and Smart Advice for Fellow Black Women Founders. Ryan Wong Verified Checkmark AI Is Changing the Way We Look at Job Skills — Here's What You Need to Do to Prepare. John Kitchens Verified Checkmark The Truth About Achieving Exponential Growth in Business, Exposed Become a featured writer on Entrepreneur by applying to join Entrepreneur Leadership Network > Wavy Line Wavy Line Franchise See all Chevron Right Explore the 2024 Franchise 500Ⓡ List Entrepreneur's 45th annual Franchise 500Ⓡ ranking shines a light on the unique challenges and changes that have shaped the franchise industry over the last year -- and how franchisors have adapted and evolved to meet them. See the list 1 Taco Bell Mexican Food | $576K - $3.4M Chevron Right 2 Jersey Mike's Subs Submarine Sandwiches | $214K - $1.4M Chevron Right 3 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Chicken | $384K - $3.7M Chevron Right 4 The UPS Store Postal & Business Centers | $102K - $477K Chevron Right 5 Ace Hardware Miscellaneous Retail Businesses | $579K - $1.9M Chevron Right Browse Franchise By Category Automotive Automotive Business Services Business Services Children Services Children's Services Financial Services Financial Services Food Food Personal Care Personal Care Business Recreation Recreation Services Services (Other) Technology Business Tech Business More Franchise Rankings See all Chevron Right Fastest-growing franchises Fastest-growing franchises See list for Fastest-growing franchises Top franchise suppliers Top franchise suppliers See list for Top franchise suppliers Top Franchises for Less Than $50K Top franchises for less than $50K See list for Top franchises for less than $50K Top Part-time franchises Top Part-time Franchises See list for Top Part-time Franchises Get Personalized Business Advice From Top Minds Find your expert Entrepreneur Landing Page EntrepreneurⓇ TV Red Arrow Watch now Chevron Right Play Diversity How Black Entrepreneurs Are Challenging Industry Norms and Finding Powerful Paths to Success In celebration of Black History Month, Entrepreneur contributor Terry Rice hosted a compelling Twitter Spaces conversation featuring Pariss Chandler, Kashmir Thompson and Chrishon Lampley that offered powerful insights for aspiring business leaders. By Entrepreneur Staff Play Starting a Business How Giving Your Time and Resources to Others Can Unlock Opportunity and Wealth On this episode of "The Jeff Fenster Show," Jeff and his guest Roland Frasier delve into building relationships, adding value, and seizing opportunities in business. By Jeff Fenster Play Business News He Built a Personal Finance App That Manages $8 Billion for Half a Million Customers. Here Is the CEO of M1's Hard-Earned Advice for Future Founders. On this episode of "The CEO Series," M1 founder and CEO Brian Barnes shares how his passion for investing led to the creation of this powerful personal finance app. By William Salvi Play Business News Who Owns The Rights to Your AI-Generated Content? Not, It's Not You. Uncover The Scary Truth That Puts AI Users At Risk. The realization that copyright laws do not protect AI-generated material might come as a shock to many. By Ben Angel Featured Series Red Arrow See all Chevron Right Carousel Chevron Left Skip to previous slide page Carousel America's Favorite Mom and Pop Shops™ In partnership with Walmart Business, Entrepreneur’s editor in chief Jason Feifer goes on a cross-country road trip to visit thriving mom and pop shops and discover the keys to their success. The CEO Series An original content series produced by Salvi. Each episode profiles a business leader and their respective business. The series provides a humanizing look into the CEOs personal story, mindset and their business and industry. Beyond Unstoppable Hosted by bestselling author Ben Angel, Beyond Unstoppable is a transformative exploration into biology, psychology, and technology. Entrepreneur Elevator Pitch Your favorite pitch show is back with new entrepreneurs pitching Entrepreneur's investors. Fix My Pitch Led by pitch masters Anthony Sullivan and Tina Frey, former Entrepreneur Elevator Pitch contestants will workshop their weaknesses and hone their strengths with a team of business experts. Securing Your Success Securing Your Success, a series that highlights small business success stories and the importance of connectivity within entrepreneurship, is sponsored by Comcast Business. Restaurant Influencers Every week host and restaurant owner Shawn P. Walchef talks with leaders in restaurant and hospitality about their secrets to finding success with customers and growing a brand online. Jeff Fenster Show Serial entrepreneur Jeff Fenster embarks on an extraordinary journey every week, delving into the stories of exceptional individuals who have defied the norms and blazed their own trails to achieve extraordinary success. No Drama Office Working in an office can be crazy — but it doesn't have to be! In this new comedy series, watch as people learn to navigate the twists and turns that come with the nationwide return to the workplace. That Will Never Work How many times have you been told “that will never work”? Probably not as often as Netflix co-founder Marc Randolph. The veteran Silicon Valley entrepreneur provides a healthy dose of humor, and actionable advice that will benefit founders - and would-be founders - at every stage of their business journey. Going Public An original series streaming weekly where you can Click-to-Invest while you watch. THEIR JOURNEY. Your decision. How Brands Are Born How Brands Are Born with Kristen Aldridge features the origin stories behind the world’s most impactful brands. Chevron Right Skip to next slide page Entrepreneur TV is Available onYour Favorite Apps EntrepreneurTV offers original shows ranging from high-stakes investment, documentaries, behind-the-scenes looks at major brands, tips for starting your company and much more. 24hrs a day, 7 days a week. Watch now Webinars & Events Red Arrow See all Chevron Right Video Camera Upcoming Women Entrepreneurs: Fund, Market, and Scale Your Business Thu, Mar 7, 15:00 EST Whether you're at the ideation stage, just started your venture, or looking to scale, this webinar will address three crucial pillars for success: funding, marketing, and scaling. Register now → Register now to Women Entrepreneurs: Fund, Market, and Scale Your Business Video Camera Upcoming Master These 4 Things, and You’ll Be a Natural Leader Tue, Mar 12, 15:00 EST Want to be a leader who gets results? Then join our webinar on March 12th as entertainment mogul Clinton Sparks gives you actionable guidance that will help you become a great leader. Register now to Master These 4 Things, and You’ll Be a Natural Leader Video Camera Upcoming Last Minute Tax Strategies That Can Save You Thousands Wed, Mar 13, 16:00 EST Don't miss this golden opportunity to save thousands before you file! Sign up for our webinar on March 13th as our experts, Mark J. Kohler and Mat Sorensen, help you keep more money in your pocket. Register now to Last Minute Tax Strategies That Can Save You Thousands Deals Red Arrow See all Chevron Right Business Solutions This Week Only: Switch to Windows 11 Pro for Just $32 Upgrade to Windows 11 Pro and save an extra 20%. Business Solutions Save Nearly $200 on Microsoft Office 2021 for Mac or Windows Enhance your productivity with a Microsoft Office licenses for either Mac or Windows. Business Solutions Save an Extra 20% on This AI-Powered Video Editing Tool Give your video production a professional look with assistance from artificial intelligence. Wavy Line Wavy Line In This Issue Red Arrow See all Chevron Right January 2024 Entrepreneur Magazine Subscribe today Franchise 500 Annual Ranking How Entrepreneur Ranked This Year's Franchise 500, and the Big Trends We Saw We measure all kinds of metrics to determine the holistic health of the franchises on our list, but this year we paid particular attention to certain data points. By Jason Feifer Growing a Business This Prop from an Iconic 90's Movie Showed Me How to Break the Corporate Mold, and Be a Better Boss It takes courage to do things differently. Entrepreneur Plus - Short White By Kate Matheny Science & Technology 5 Tech Tools That'll Wow Your Inner Circle in 2024 These items help you hit deadlines while being easy on the eyes. Entrepreneur Plus - Short White By Mario Armstong Growing a Business The Biggest Threat to Your Boundaries Isn't Your Boss or Family — There's Someone Else You Need to Face First It's hard to draw a line in the sand, but it doesn't have to be. Entrepreneur Plus - Short White By Elisette Carlson Success Login Successful. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Accessibility Statement Site Map Contact Support Advertise Sign up for our free Daily newsletter We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur. Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram TikTok Snapchat RSS Copyright © 2024 Entrepreneur Media, LLC All rights reserved. Entrepreneur® and its related marks are registered trademarks of Entrepreneur Media LLC