The Amobee Advertising Platform | Unify. Optimize. Grow. Renew or change your cookie consent Consumer Opt Out of Targeted Advertising Advertisers Advertisers Advertisers Discover Power big ideas with proprietary intelligence Plan Orchestrate the entire journey Activate Execute across all screens Optimize Drive KPIs with AI-led strategies Analyze Make better decisions Preview Platform → Broadcasters Resources Resources Success Stories Research & Insights Best Practices Amobee U Blog Company Company About Podcast FAQs Awards Newsroom Careers Contact Us Log In Log In Advertisers Advertisers Discover Plan Activate Optimize Analyze Broadcasters Resources Success Stories Research & Insights Best Practices Amobee U Blog Company About Podcast FAQs Awards Newsroom Careers Contact Us Amobee is now Nexxen! Learn More → We are very excited to share that the strategic pillars in the Tremor International brand portfolio - the combined Amobee and Tremor Video DSP, the Unruly SSP and the Spearad ad server - have rebranded as Nexxen! Encompassing all elements of the Tremor International tech stack – which will now be known as the Nexxen DSP, Nexxen SSP and Nexxen Ad Server, with the SSP and ad server going to market collectively as Nexxen CTRL – this rebrand represents a new, unified chapter for us and a more seamless experience for our valued partners, so you can achieve more with the simplicity and efficiency of a single partner. One platform. Endless opportunities. Discover Nexxen → For Advertisers Go beyond conventional demand-side platforms (DSPs) by engaging your audiences across all media. Deliver meaningful messages that drive sales by optimizing your reach and frequency across TV and digital. Learn More → For Broadcasters Step into the future of audience-based selling to optimize yield across your full media portfolio. Maximize revenue from TV in all its forms with cross-platform tools for planning, sales and measurement. Learn More → The Amobee Investment Planning Playbook From Strategy to Action. Get the guide → The only unified advertising platform for TV, CTV, digital and social. Optimize your advertising campaigns with unified workflows for planning, buying, and measurement that drive incremental performance with Amobee's advertising solutions. Preview Platform → An automated platform with data expertise to grow your business. Coordinate your total video strategy With TV Amplifier, extend your linear TV audience targeting with CTV, digital and social for an unrivaled level of precision and control. Measure audiences, not siloed channels With 4Screen reports, use data to holistically understand consumers' actions through the full marketing funnel, regardless of screen. Gain actionable insights so you can spend money where you make money. Optimize your Upfront and NewFront deals Get more value from your linear TV ad dollars by deploying advanced audience insights and forecasting to inform every part of your media plan. Preview Platform → As we continue to build out a more modern approach to media investment focused on cross-screen reach and optimization and buying against better defined audiences, Amobee has proven to be a great partner. – Michael Law, President, Amplifi USA, dentsu Blog Amobee Named a Leader in the 2021 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Ad Tech for Second Year in a Row Resource Connecting Human Behaviors to Audience Discovery: Insights from a Leading Auto Brand Resource Amobee’s Investment Planning Playbook Resource Ambitious Marketers’ Guide to Television 2.0 Resource Amobee Data Playbook Ready to get started? Preview Platform Contact Us Solutions Discover Plan Activate Optimize Analyze Resources Success Stories Research & Insights Best Practices Blog Creative Gallery About Company Podcast FAQs Awards Careers Newsroom Alumni Contact Us Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Choices and Opt Out Rights | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | General Data Protection Regulation Policy | California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures © 2021 Amobee, Inc. All rights reserved. Adconion, Kontera, Turn and Videology are trademarks of Amobee, Inc.