Homepage | The Washington Institute Skip to main content The Washington Institute for Near East Policy Menu Toggle Main Menu Homepage Main navigation Analysis Experts About Support Maps & Multimedia Trending: Arab-Israeli Relations Great Power Competition Israel Palestinians Iran Toggle List of All Regions & Issues Regions & Countries Egypt Gulf States Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Middle East North Africa Palestinians Syria Turkey Issues Arab & Islamic Politics Arab-Israeli Relations Democracy & Reform Energy & Economics Great Power Competition Gulf & Energy Policy Military & Security Peace Process Proliferation Terrorism U.S. Policy Close List of All Regions and Issues Close Search Policy Analysis TWI English TWI Arabic: اللغة العربية TWI Persian: فارسی Fikra Forum Close Menu Close Search Policy Analysis Search Recent Institute Analysis Video From War to Peace? Trip Report from a Middle East Study Tour Former legislators and administration officials discuss their findings from a recent group trip to Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, and the PA. Feb 27, 2024 ◆ Cory Gardner Howard Berman Dana Stroul Ghaith al-Omari Michael Singh Israeli Gas Field Near Lebanon Starts Production The floating storage vessel anchored above the offshore field could be a tempting target for Hezbollah. Mar 4, 2024 ◆ Simon Henderson Maps & Graphics Avoiding a West Bank Explosion During Ramadan From al-Aqsa Mosque to the heart of the refugee camps and the barracks of frustrated Palestinian security personnel, the situation remains tense and could worsen dramatically this month if authorities do not tread carefully. Mar 4, 2024 ◆ Neomi Neumann The Islamic State on the March in Africa Local branches now control territory in Mali, Somalia, and Mozambique, setting the stage for new foreign fighter mobilizations, resource extraction opportunities, and perhaps even external operations against the West. Mar 1, 2024 ◆ Aaron Y. Zelin Real PA Reform Requires More Than Just a New Prime Minister Neither the Palestinian public nor the international donor community will support a PA return to Gaza unless the next cabinet is given room to implement serious security, financial, and political reforms. Feb 27, 2024 ◆ Ghaith al-Omari Maps & Graphics Tracking Maritime Attacks in the Middle East Since 2019 An interactive map showing the extent to which Houthi forces, their Iranian military patrons, and other actors have been targeting vessels in regional waterways for years, including well before the Hamas-Israel war. Jan 31, 2024 ◆ Noam Raydan Farzin Nadimi In Focus: The Hamas-Israel War Maps & Graphics Mapping Clashes Along the Israel-Lebanon Border A regularly updated visual tracker of northern border attacks by Hezbollah, the IDF, and Palestinian groups during the 2023 Hamas-Israel war. Oct-Nov 2023 ◆ Hanin Ghaddar Ahmad Sharawi There Is a Lot More Egypt Could Do for Gaza Sisi’s red line against absorbing displaced Palestinians won’t budge, but Egypt can certainly host crucial initiatives that help them rebuild Gaza, train security personnel, desalinate water, and replace jobs Israel is no longer willing to provide. Jan 9, 2024 ◆ David Schenker Israel’s War Aims and the Principles of a Post-Hamas Administration in Gaza It’s not too early to think about the “day after” the war—even preliminary planning to create an interim administration will help clarify objectives for Israel’s leaders, sustain U.S. support, provide a more positive alternative future for Palestinians, and give Arab allies a rationale to play a more constructive role. Oct 17, 2023 ◆ Robert Satloff Dennis Ross David Makovsky Growing Internal Tensions Between Hamas Leaders Kept in the dark about key aspects of the October 7 attack, the group’s external leaders are now jockeying for position in postwar arrangements that they may not have enough power to shape. Dec 21, 2023 ◆ Ehud Yaari Matthew Levitt The Hamas-Israel War: End of the Beginning or Beginning of the End? Experts discuss the military and political situation at what appears to be a decisive moment in the war, offering insights on Israel’s calculations, the effects of growing foreign pressure, and the need for further international action to address attacks by Iran’s other regional partners. Dec 15, 2023 ◆ Assaf Orion Hanin Ghaddar Matthew Levitt Robert Satloff Why a West Bank Front Has Not Opened So Far The older generation remains skeptical of what an intifada might achieve, but Israeli crackdowns and worsening economic conditions could still ignite younger Palestinians and undermine PA security cooperation. Dec 13, 2023 ◆ Neomi Neumann Ending the War Laying the groundwork for an eventual Hamas surrender would break the current binary choice between more destructive conflict and an ineffectual ceasefire. Dec 1, 2023 ◆ Robert Satloff Dennis Ross The Israel-Hamas War 2023: Frequently Asked Questions You have questions about the October 7, 2023 Hamas terrorist attack on Israel and the subsequent military response against Hamas by Israel. Our experts have answers. Find answers to frequently asked questions derived from the recent work of Washington Institute scholars. Open image Red Sea Crisis Video The Houthis and the Red Sea In this timely new video, Washington Institute scholars discuss the pre-Gaza predecessors of the latest attack campaign, its widening repercussions on trade, and what will be required to halt it militarily. Feb 27, 2024 ◆ Noam Raydan Michael Knights The EU’s New Red Sea Naval Mission: Implications and Challenges The operation is a sign of Europe’s willingness to take action against the current instability, though significant work is needed to coordinate with existing initiatives and convince regional officials of the mission’s usefulness. Feb 16, 2024 ◆ Selin Uysal Maps & Graphics Tracking Maritime Attacks in the Middle East Since 2019 An interactive map showing the extent to which Houthi forces, their Iranian military patrons, and other actors have been targeting Jan 31, 2024 Video Countering the Houthi Threat to Shipping: Regional Implications and U.S. Policy Three experts address the thorny strategic questions arising from attacks on global shipping by the Yemen-based group. Feb 6, 2024 In Focus: Preventing a Hezbollah-Israel War Maps & Graphics Reinforcing U.S. Diplomacy to Stop a Hezbollah-Israel War Only a comprehensive initiative aimed at curbing Hezbollah’s influence both within Lebanon and in the region stands a chance of delivering peace for the long term. Feb 8, 2024 ◆ Hanin Ghaddar Recent Webcasts Video Countering the Houthi Threat to Shipping: Regional Implications and U.S. Policy Three experts address the thorny strategic questions arising from attacks on global shipping by the Yemen-based group. Feb 6, 2024 ◆ Simon Henderson Michael Knights Noam Raydan Video The Hamas-Israel War: End of the Beginning or Beginning of the End? Experts discuss the military and political situation at what appears to be a decisive moment in the war, offering insights on Israel’s calculations, the effects of growing foreign pressure, and the need for further international action to address attacks by Iran’s other regional partners. Dec 15, 2023 ◆ Assaf Orion Hanin Ghaddar Matthew Levitt Robert Satloff Video Iranian Escalation in Iraq and Syria: Implications and U.S. Options Four experts discuss what Washington can do about the latest spike in militia attacks against U.S. bases and local partners—even Nov 17, 2023 Video The Hamas-Israel War: One Month On Four experts and former officials discuss the evolving military operation against Hamas, the status of the Lebanon front, the political Nov 9, 2023 New Study Maps & Graphics How Hamas Manipulates Gaza Fatality Numbers: Examining the Male Undercount and Other Problems International media and NGOs have repeated the group's figures without caveats, giving credence to suspicions of Israeli misconduct and fueling accusations of war crimes and even genocide. Jan 25, 2024 ◆ Gabriel Epstein Interactive Map: ISIS Global Activity Under the leadership of jihadism scholar Aaron Zelin, a team of researchers at The Washington Institute has built the Islamic State Select Worldwide Activity Map, an interactive tool that provides a more accessible way to search, track, and understand the organization’s global reach. It represents the most comprehensive public archive of the group’s attack data, media output, government designations, and legal cases — information that is becoming invaluable as IS affiliates disperse into a wider range of jurisdictions and the U.S. government continues shifting resources away from the global counterterrorism fight. Access the interactive map. Open image Militia Spotlight Maps & Graphics Tracking Anti-U.S. Strikes in Iraq and Syria During the Gaza Crisis Militia Spotlight presents a new tracker that will be regularly updated with the best known information about drone, rocket, and missile attacks against U.S. targets, which have intensified since the Gaza war broke out. Oct 24, 2023 ◆ Michael Knights Amir al-Kaabi Hamdi Malik Maps & Graphics Who Are Nujaba and Why Did the U.S. Just Strike Them? The group's cadres are the most reckless of Iran's terrorist proxies in Iraq and have been the proximate cause of almost all recent U.S. strikes. Jan 4, 2024 ◆ Michael Knights Maps & Graphics Kataib Hezbollah Publicly Mocks Asaib Ahl al-Haq for Cowardice After AAH officials sought a halt to the verbal attacks, KH doubled down with a cutting public insult. Nov 30, 2023 Iraq’s New Regime Change: How Tehran-Backed Terrorist Organizations and Militias Captured the Iraqi State A comprehensive study of the various institutional, financial, and military levers that have enabled Iran’s “resistance” camp to take over Dec 2023 Recently in Fikra Forum Fikra Forum Fikra Forum Iran-Aligned Armed Groups Are Endangering Jordan’s National Security Today, there is a fear of the resurgence of threats to Jordan from its eastern borders, which are de-facto controlled by armed groups loyal to Iran. Feb 28, 2024 ◆ Saud Al-Sharafat Fikra Forum Fikra Forum A Pathway to Addiction: Tracing Drug-Trafficking Networks in Lebanon’s Roumieh Prison Roumieh’s drug networks have been an ongoing and pervasive challenge for Lebanon. Feb 26, 2024 ◆ Fatima al-Othman Fikra Forum Oman’s Facilitation Efforts with the Houthis on Hold While Qatar mediates with Hamas over Gaza, Oman’s facilitation efforts with the Houthis appear to be in abeyance pending recognition Feb 26, 2024 Fikra Forum Cairo’s Fears as it Faces an Israeli Incursion in Rafah: Confrontation and Radicalization Even if an incursion into Rafah occurs without sparking a clash between Israeli and Egyptian forces, Israel will be facing Feb 23, 2024 Arab Public Opinion 2014 to Today Maps & Graphics TWI Interactive Polling Platform Interactive datasets, from 2014 to today Jun 30, 2022 In Focus: Arab-Israeli Relations President Biden’s Middle East Squeeze Play The end of the Gaza war’s current phase will mark the beginning of a major U.S. diplomatic push that could reshape the Middle East if successful—but the window of opportunity is narrow. Mar 5, 2024 ◆ Michael Singh Maps & Graphics Avoiding a West Bank Explosion During Ramadan From al-Aqsa Mosque to the heart of the refugee camps and the barracks of frustrated Palestinian security personnel, the situation remains tense and could worsen dramatically this month if authorities do not tread carefully. Mar 4, 2024 ◆ Neomi Neumann Once Again, a “Palestinian Babies” Story Merits a Washington Post Apology A heartrending story about finding decomposing infants in a Gaza hospital is full of troubling holes, discrepancies, and conflicts of Mar 3, 2024 Real PA Reform Requires More Than Just a New Prime Minister Neither the Palestinian public nor the international donor community will support a PA return to Gaza unless the next cabinet Feb 27, 2024 Homepage 1111 19th Street NW - Suite 500 Washington D.C. 20036 Tel: 202-452-0650 Fax: 202-223-5364 Footer contact links Contact Press Room Subscribe The Washington Institute seeks to advance a balanced and realistic understanding of American interests in the Middle East and to promote the policies that secure them. The Institute is a 501(c)3 organization; all donations are tax-deductible. Footer quick links About TWI Support the Institute Social media The Washington Institute on Facebook The Washington Institute on Twitter The Washington Institute on YouTube The Washington Institute on Soundcloud © 2024 All rights reserved. Footer Employment Privacy Policy Rights & Permissions