Climate.gov Home Skip to main content Menu Climate.gov Science & information for a climate-smart nation Main Menu Main menu News & Features Home All News & Features Blogs ENSO Blog Polar Vortex Blog Beyond the Data Blog Climate And ... Climate Case Studies Climate Dashboard Event Tracker Climate Q&A Featured Images Climate Tech Videos Decision Makers Take 5 Decision Makers Toolbox El Niño & La Niña Page Features News & Research Highlights Understanding Climate View News & Features section Maps & Data Home All Maps & Data Climate Dashboard Climate Data Primer Data Snapshots Dataset Gallery Tools & Interactives View Maps & Data section Teaching Climate Home Climate Dashboard All Teaching Climate Activity Curricula Demos & Experiments Video Visualization Teaching Climate Teaching Energy Toolbox for Climate & Energy Partnership with CLEAN collection View Teaching Climate section Resilience Toolkit About About Us Contact What's New FAQs Sitemap Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Search Search powered by webLyzard technology U.S. climate outlook for March 2024 News and Features March 4, 2024 Warm and dry or cold and wet? NOAA's monthly climate outlook lays out the odds. Featured But what does a polar vortex breakdown look like down here? News and Features February 29, 2024 Antarctic sea ice summer minimum ties for second-lowest on record in 2024 News and Features February 28, 2024 Ice coverage nearly nonexistent across the Great Lakes, as the historical peak approaches News and Features February 16, 2024 A polar vortex double header News and Features February 13, 2024 NOAA Coral Reef Watch extends alert scale following extreme coral heat stress in 2023 News and Features February 8, 2024 U.S. climate summary for January 2024 News and Features February 9, 2024 Global Climate Dashboard Tracking climate change and natural variability over time Sort by Indicator: - Any - Climate Change Natural Variability Greenhouse Gases In 2021, the combined heating influence of all human-produced greenhouse gases was 49 percent higher than it was in 1990. Learn more Arctic Sea Ice Since the start of the satellite era in 1979, the extent of ice covering the Arctic Ocean at the end of summer has shrunk by more than 40 percent. Learn more Carbon Dioxide The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has risen more than 45 percent since people began burning fossil fuels for energy. It hit a new high of 414.7 parts per million in 2021. Learn more Mountain Glaciers Since 1980, the cumulative ice loss from a reference network of mountain glaciers is equivalent to slicing an 87-foot-thick slab off each glacier. The rate of loss is roughly doubling each decade. Learn more Ocean Heat The ocean is storing 91% of the excess heat from global warming, contributing to sea level rise, ice shelf retreat, and stress on marine life. Learn more Sea Level Sea level has risen between 8 and 9 inches since 1880. The rate of sea level rise more than doubled from 2006–2015 compared to the rate throughout most of the twentieth century. Learn more Spring Snow Since 1967, spring snow cover has shrunk by 1.4 percent per decade in April, 4.1 percent per decade in May, and 12.9 percent per decade in June. Learn more Incoming Sunlight The sun’s total brightness varies by an average of 0.1 percent over an 11-year cycle, but there has been very little net change over the last century. Learn more Surface Temperature Global average surface temperature has risen 0.14 degrees Fahrenheit per decade since 1880. The rate of warming has more than doubled since 1981. Learn more View all indicators Popular Sections Data Snapshots Common U.S. and global climate maps for publication and presentation. Browse Data Snapshots Event Tracker Stories and graphics explaining the climate behind the weather. Explore Event Tracker Climate Explorer Map and graph viewer for historical and projected county-level climate data. Launch Climate Explorer Principles of Climate Literacy Educational framework for climate principles and concepts. View Guides Explore Climate.gov Browse News & Features Explore Maps & Data Teach Climate Build Resilience Browse News & Features Like a popular science magazine, News & Features offers stories, images, and videos for the science-interested public. From blogs, to FAQs, to long-read features, this section offers a deep dive into climate science and how climate change and variability affect what matters to us. Browse News & Features Explore Maps & Data Access to common climate maps, data, and tools. Search a dataset catalog, check the status of key environmental indicators with the Global Climate Dashboard, or browse the Data Snapshots collection to locate publication-quality images to grab and re-use. Explore Maps and Data Teach Climate Climate.gov’s Teaching Climate section offers reviewed learning activities and curriculum materials, multimedia resources, and professional development opportunities for formal and informal educators who want to incorporate climate into their work. Find Resources Build Resilience A sister site to Climate.gov, the U.S. Climate Resilience Toolkit provides a central repository of climate and environmental data, tools, resources, expertise, and case studies geared toward improving our nation’s capacity to adapt to a variable and changing climate. Learn about resilience Return to top Stay Connected Follow Climate.gov Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Main Menu Home News & Features Teaching Climate Maps & Data FAQs Contact Feeds Sitemap News & Features News & Features Home Beyond the Data Blog Climate Case Studies Climate Q&A Climate Tech Climate and … Decision Makers Take 5 Decision Makers Toolbox ENSO Blog Event Tracker Featured Images Featured Videos Features News and Research Highlights Understanding Climate Maps & Data Maps and Data Home Climate Dashboard Climate Data Primer Data Snapshots Dataset Gallery Teaching Climate Teaching Climate Home Demos & Experiments Interactive Tools Multimedia Resources Department of Commerce NOAA Privacy Accessibility FOIA Information Quality No-FEAR Act Ready.gov USA.gov