Space.com: NASA, Space Exploration and Astronomy News Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Space Space Search Search Space Subscribe RSS All About Space MagazineWhy subscribe?Mother's Day Special: Get a £10 VEX gift card when you subscribe!Jam packed issues filled with the latest cutting-edge research, technology and theories delivered in an entertaining and visually stunning way, aiming to educate and inspire readers of all agesEngaging articles, breathtaking images and expert knowledgeIssues delivered straight to your doorFrom$28.75View Deal Space Exploration The Universe Stargazing Launches & Spacecraft Videos The Moon More Solar System Artemis James Webb Space Telescope Entertainment Search for Life Tech Forums Subscribe to "All about Space" magazine Space.com Store About Us Web Notifications TrendingCrew-8 live updatesNext Full MoonBest TelescopesBest BinocularsBest Star ProjectorsSpace CalendarLego Star Wars dealsBest DronesSolar System PlanetsNight Sky Tonight Latest News Scientists made a 'digital twin' of Earth to simulate possible natural disasters Meredith Garofalo published 5 March 24 By creating a virtual model of Earth, scientists hope to use countless types of data to map natural disaster risks ahead of time. Total solar eclipse 2024: Live updates Daisy Dobrijevic published 5 March 24 Stay up-to-date with the latest news on the total solar eclipse on April 8, 2024. SpaceX Crew-8 astronaut mission: Live updates Elizabeth Howell published 5 March 24 Read the latest news about SpaceX's Crew-8 mission to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX's Crew-8 Dragon capsule docks at the ISS Mike Wall last updated 5 March 24 SpaceX's Crew-8 astronaut mission arrived at the International Space Station early Tuesday morning (March 5). What is the moon phase today? Lunar phases 2024 Tariq Malik last updated 5 March 24 Reference See what moon phase it is tonight and find out when you can see the rest of the moon phases for 2024. NASA's next astronaut class graduates March 5, and you can watch it live (video) Elizabeth Howell published 5 March 24 NASA's latest group of astronaut candidates will graduate Tuesday (March 5) alongside two candidates from the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and you can watch it live. SpaceX's Crew-8 Dragon capsule docks at the ISS Docking occurred at 2:28 a.m. ET on Tuesday (March 5). SpaceX launches 53 satellites on Transporter-10 rideshare flight, nails rocket landing (video) Liftoff occurred at 5:05 p.m. ET (2205 GMT). Warby Parker will give you free solar eclipse glasses for the big day on April 8 To help everyone get ready for April's total solar eclipse, Warby Parker is handing out some key sun-watching gear. How do astronauts use the bathroom in space? To boldly go! Astronauts may seem superhuman, but they have the same basic needs as the rest of us, and that includes using the toilet in space. Reference SpaceX fuels up massive Starship megarocket in test for 3rd launch (photos) SpaceX's Starship Flight 3 launch could occur soon, Elon Musk has said. The James Webb Space Telescope's targets over the next year include black holes, exomoons, dark energy — and more The beloved telescope will soon begin working on a fascinating to-do list. Grid List Tech Private Varda Space capsule returns to Earth with space-grown antiviral drug aboard By Mike Wall published 21 February 24 California startup Varda's first in-space manufacturing mission wrapped up on Wednesday afternoon (Feb. 21) with a touchdown of its capsule in northern Utah. Tech Private Varda space capsule to land in Utah today in historic in-space manufacturing reentry (update) By Mike Wall last updated 21 February 24 Varda Space Industries' first off-Earth manufacturing effort, a mission called W-1, is scheduled to land in northern Utah on Wednesday (Feb. 21). Tech VIEW MORE MORE FROM SPACE...1Total solar eclipse 2024: Live updates2SpaceX Crew-8 astronaut mission: Live updates3NASA's next astronaut class graduates March 5, and you can watch it live (video)4'Star Wars Battlefront Classic Collection' blasts its way into our galaxy on March 145SpaceX launches 23 Starlink satellites during 3rd launch in under 24 hours Grid List Spaceflight SpaceX launches 23 Starlink satellites during 3rd launch in under 24 hours By Brett Tingley last updated 5 March 24 SpaceX achieved its third flight in under 24 hours on March 4. At 6:56 p.m. ET, the company launched 23 more Starlink internet satellites. Private Spaceflight Crew-8's 'family dog' plush is SpaceX's latest zero-g indicator By Robert Z. Pearlman published 4 March 24 Three American astronauts, a Russian cosmonaut and a small English Springer Spaniel plush doll are now on their way to the International Space Station. Human Spaceflight VIEW MORE Grid List Science & Astronomy 'Wiggles' of energy waves over Earth could hold the universe's history By Robert Lea published 1 March 24 The CLASS telescope has mapped how microwave energy "wiggles" over Earth to learn more about the cosmic fossil that could help reveal the story of the universe. The Universe 'Axion stars' that went boom after the Big Bang could shed light on dark matter By Robert Lea published 29 February 24 Hypothetical particles called axions may have gathered to form "axion stars" that exploded in the early universe to create readable signals that could reveal the secrets of dark matter. The Universe VIEW MORE Meet the team Tariq MalikEditor-in-ChiefBrett Tingley Managing Editor Dr. Mike Wall Spaceflight EditorMonisha RavisettiAstronomy EditorDr. Elizabeth HowellStaff WriterRob LeaSenior WriterJosh DinnerWriter, Content ManagerDr. Daisy DobrijevicReference EditorJason Parnell-BrookesSkywatching & Cameras EditorAlexander CoxStaff WriterSteve SpaletaSenior ProducerDr. Gemma LavenderAstronomer, Space.com contributor Grid List Search For Life If aliens had our life-hunting equipment, could they find us? By Robert Lea published 4 March 24 Scientists asked the question: If Earth was an exoplanet, what would reveal it hosts life? The answer was used to verify the usefulness of a planned space mission dubbed "LIFE." Search for Life The mathematically perfect exoplanet system — a great place to search for alien tech By Sharmila Kuthunur published 26 February 24 A newfound exoplanet system with six sub-Neptunes has piqued the interest of scientists who seek extraterrestrial life. Search for Life Studying lake deposits in Idaho could give scientists insight into ancient traces of life on Mars By Robert Patalano published 20 February 24 Does life exist elsewhere in the universe? If so, how do scientists search for and identify it? Finding life beyond Earth is extremely difficult, partly because other planets are so far away and partly because we are not sure what to look for. Search for Life VIEW MORE Grid List Skywatching Photographing the northern lights with the Sony A7R V By Daisy Dobrijevic published 3 March 24 I tried the Sony A7R V camera and the FE 12-24mm f/4 G lens while hunting the northern lights in Sweden, here's what I found. Stargazing Night sky, March 2024: What you can see tonight [maps] By Chris Vaughan last updated 1 March 24 Reference Find out what's up in your night sky during March 2024 and how to see it in this Space.com stargazing guide. Reference The brightest planets in March's night sky: How to see them (and when) By Joe Rao last updated 1 March 24 Reference Two planets succumb to the glare of the sun. Mercury disappears into the bright dawn twilight after only a few days in February have elapsed, while Saturn disappears into the sunset fires by the end of the second week of the month. Reference VIEW MORE Grid List Entertainment Top sci-fi movies and TV shows to watch on Amazon Prime in March By Scott Snowden last updated 1 June 23 Time to catch up on some long overdue sci-fi, so here's our handy guide to what's on Entertainment The best sci-fi movies and TV shows to stream on Netflix in March By Scott Snowden last updated 22 January 24 A veritable treasure trove of sci-fi is available at your fingertips Entertainment Astronaut Scott Kelly on advising Apple's new space thriller 'Constellation' By Robert Z. Pearlman published 1 March 24 Scott Kelly recently returned to the International Space Station during a trip to Berlin. The replica was built for the off-Earth scenes in "Constellation," the psychological thriller on Apple TV+. Entertainment VIEW MORE Grid List References Best Lego space sets 2024: NASA sets, spaceships and more By Kimberley Snaith last updated 4 March 24 These are the best Lego space sets you can currently buy, from kids' rockets to real-life NASA models. Space Games & Toys Best Lego Star Wars Helmets 2024 By Kimberley Snaith last updated 4 March 24 The best Lego Star Wars helmets from a galaxy far, far away. Space Games & Toys Starlink satellites: Facts, tracking and impact on astronomy By Tereza Pultarova, Elizabeth Howell last updated 20 February 24 Reference Starlink satellites have been developed by SpaceX to provide internet to remote locations. Here we explore the controversial megaconstellation in more detail. Reference VIEW MORE Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Advertise with us Web notifications Careers © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.