Home | SA Museum For the latest information about COVID-19 please see here. Support Directory Visit Health and safety Plan your visit Content for Connection Permanent galleries Families and educators What's on MUSEUM EXPERIENCES Collections Archives and Family History collection Australian Polar collection Biological sciences collection Humanities collection Library collection Mineral sciences collection Palaeontology Research Australian polar research Biological sciences Humanities Mineral sciences Palaeontology Museum About Connect Support Media Venue hire COLLAB Members get access to exclusive content Membership © South Australian Museum 2024 PrivacyCopyrightDisclaimer Cultural Sensitivity Warning Health and safety COVID-19 advice for visitors Plan your visit Opening times & locations Facilities & tours Access & inclusion Museum Café Museum Shop Content for Connection Connect with us online Her Story: Inspiring Women in STEM Permanent galleries Biological galleries Cultural galleries Earth sciences galleries Families and educators Fun and learning Students & schools Education Resources Earth sciences education Make a School Group Booking Discovery cases Visit MUSEUM EXPERIENCES Exhibitions, Events and Programs Touring Exhibitions What's on Collections Archives and Family History collection Australian Polar collection Biological sciences collection Humanities collection Library collection Mineral sciences collection Palaeontology Temporary suspension of collection servicesAccess to the Collections of the South Australian Museum will be closed from December 2023 while staff complete essential audit work. The closure is expected to last until mid-2024. Our galleries remain open to the public. Learn more Biological sciencesOur biological sciences collections encompass a diverse range of fauna, from parasites to whales. Read more Collections Research Australian polar research Biological sciences Humanities Mineral sciences Palaeontology Mineral SciencesThe South Australian Museum is a global leader in research about opal and copper. Read more Research About About the Museum Our people Governance Aboriginal heritage and repatriation Reconciliation at the South Australian Museum Aboriginal Living Languages South Australia Freedom of information statement Connect Museum contacts Identification FAQs Support Donations Become a Member Media Information for the media Media releases Venue hire Corporate Events Meeting Spaces Weddings Preferred Suppliers COLLAB Add some text Museum Visit What's on Collections Research Museum Membership Support i Alive with Wonder The South Australian Museum has five floors and endless wonders to discover. From the first signs of early complex life to the most comprehensive collection of Australian Aboriginal cultural material in the world, there is something for everyone at the Museum. The Museum is open Monday to Sunday 10am-5pm. General admission is free, although costs apply for some exhibitions and events. A $5 donation on arrival helps us to deliver world-class exhibitions and programs. Plan your visit GONDWANA VR: The Exhibition NOW SHOWING A world-first multi-sensory installation distilling 100 years of climate data into a single day, GONDWANA VR: The Exhibition is a unique meditation on one of Australia’s richest ecosystems, that invites visitors to explore lush foliage, light-streaked canopies, and forest floor teeming with life.“A jaw-dropping feat” - The Guardian"A love letter to the Daintree, but also a warning about its fragility.” - The Australian Learn more Adelaide Festival 48-hour event South Australia’s Museum The South Australian Museum has been committed to making Australia’s natural and cultural heritage accessible, engaging and fun for over 165 years. It is a place where families can learn and grow together. Today the Museum is one of the most visited museums in Australia and holds collections of national and international significance. It is a leader in remote and regional community engagement, and in Australian Aboriginal heritage and scientific research. About the Museum Changes to the Museum Media contacts Support us Venue hire Museum collections The South Australian Museum houses over four million specimens and material cultural items. These specimens and items provide irreplaceable records with which we are constantly building and modifying our knowledge and understanding of the natural and cultural world. They are a vital part of Australia’s national heritage and play an integral role in the international scientific and anthropological communities' endeavour to document our world. View collections Life-changing research, right here at the Museum. Most visitors to the Museum’s galleries and exhibitions on North Terrace, in the heart of Adelaide’s cultural precinct, will be totally unaware of the dedicated team of scientists and anthropologists who conduct natural history and cultural research, publishing their discoveries in peer-reviewed national and international journals, book chapters and scholarly books. Biological sciences Humanities Mineral sciences Palaeontology Australian Polar Main image: GONDWANA VR: The Exhibition, photo: Angus Northeast Subscription Subscribe to get up-to-date with South Australian Museum Signup Members get benefits Quick Links Plan your visit Opening times & location Facilities & tours Access & inclusion Museum Café Museum Shop Health & safety Families & educators Fun & learning Students & schools Education resources Earth sciences education School booking form Events & exhibitions Exhibitions, events & programs The Shadow Initiation Ticketing T&Cs Collections Biological sciences Humanities Mineral sciences Palaeontology Museum archives Research Biological sciences Humanities Mineral sciences Palaeontology About The Museum Media Governance Aboriginal repatriation Aboriginal reconciliation Freedom of information statement Contact us Support Donations Become a Member Health & safety COVID-19 Advice for visitors Loading... © South Australian Museum Privacy Copyright Disclaimer Cultural Sensitivity Warning