Talkwalker - Leading consumer intelligence platform Contact us About us Free tools Login EN DE ES FR IT 日本 Why Talkwalker Products Talkwalker Products Social Listening Media Monitoring Social Benchmarking Audience Insights Customer Feedback Analytics Social Content Ratings Core Platform Marketplace Data Blue Silk™ AI Generative AI Blue Silk™ GPT Over a decade in the making, we are thrilled to give you Blue Silk™ GPT,the greatest innovation in natural language processing purpose-built for consumer intelligence... Solutions For industries Consumer goods Pharma & Healthcare Sports Financial Services Technology Agencies For teams PR & Comms Social Marketing Digital Marketing Consumer Insights Customer Experience Agencies Use Cases Reputation Management Crisis Management Competitive Intelligence Trend Research Location Insights Product Insights Resources Blog Reports Webinars Client Help Center Customer Stories Pricing Schedule a demo Navigate the dynamic world of social and consumer data Drive loyalty, win new customers, and outplay your competitors with our leading social listening, media monitoring and social benchmarking technology. 📊 Social Listening Supercharge your social listening. Big on impact, best-in-class coverage and intuitive to use. Make social data accessible to all your teams. Listen 📱 Media Monitoring Be a media monitoring superstar! Measure brand performance and build successful PR and content strategies for your business. Monitor 🎯 Social Benchmarking The tools you need to get ahead of the pack! Compare performance against competitors and industry standards. Benchmark Request a custom demo Real Business Impact Working for you to: build strong marketing strategies run confident product development programs connect with influential media partners engage consumers to drive loyalty and sales Why Talkwalker? We use Talkwalker across our brands. They continue to innovate fast - and every product development is genuinely impactful…” The stand out value for us is crisis management. The range of sources without any data throttling gives us a high degree of confidence that we never miss a beat…” ... from a listening perspective and in relation to full coverage, I don’t think there’s a tool that comes close to what Talkwalker does.” Partnering with... Manage reputation and mitigate crises Identify trends and optimize your social strategy Find the unmet needs of your consumers and build your innovation engine Showcase expertise to wow your clients and win new ones The 1st choice of over 2,500 brands A Leader in The Forrester New Wave™ AI-Enabled Consumer Intelligence Platforms Q3 2021 Get in touch Products Social listening Social benchmarking Media Monitoring Audience Insights Customer Feedback Analytics Marketplace Blue Silk™ AI Solutions Consumer Goods Sports Financial services Pharma & Healthcare Technology Agency Resources Blog Reports Marketing Essentials Webinars Talkwalker Status Developer Portal About Us Our story Life @Talkwalker Careers Partners Newsroom Press releases Contact us Must read The Forrester New Wave™: AI-Enabled Consumer Intelligence Platforms Social media listening guide Social media analytics guide PR crisis management guide Consumer intelligence guide How to create a social media report © Copyright Talkwalker 2023 - All rights reserved. Cookies • Legal Terms • Privacy Policy • Impressum