The University of Sydney - One of the top universities in Australia Home - The University of Sydney No. 1 MBA in Australia Financial Times MBA Ranking 2024 Learn more Find a course Type keywords Search Explore our study areas Arts and social sciences Architecture, design and planning Business Economics Education and social work Engineering and computer science Law Medicine and health Music Science Explore all Join our events Come along to an event and find out what it's like to study here. See our events Explore your study level options Undergraduate Postgraduate Research Short courses Study with us Find a course Applying Fees, costs and loans International students Engage with us Contact us Alumni Find a staff member Hire a venue About us Our rankings Getting to campus Faculties and schools Careers at Sydney Equal 19th in the world We're one of the top universities in Australia and highly ranked among the best universities globally1 1st for sustainability* We're tackling the world’s greatest environmental, social and governance challenges (*in Australia)1 1QS World University Rankings 2024 Our research Our research takes a comprehensive approach, uniting scholars from diverse fields. Research areas Our breadth of expertise across our faculties and schools is supported by deep disciplinary knowledge. Research centres With more than 150 research centres and networks, we are one of the world's leading research universities. Find a researcher Our academics are leaders in their fields, publishing thousands of articles and books each year. Partner with us Connecting researchers, students, and partners to address global challenges from climate change to mental health. University partnerships Industry and business Collaborate with our researchers Consultancy services Contact us online Prospective students Current students Call us 1800 793 864 (within Australia) +61 2 8627 1444 (outside Australia) Other Non-student enquiries For Media, Alumni, Engagement, etc. News and opinion See more News_ 06 February 2024 $35M for life-changing corneal blindness research University of Sydney-led BIENCO consortium has received $35 million from the Australian Government to commercialise their world-leading research into treatments for corneal blindness. News_ 29 January 2024 The University of Sydney celebrates largest student mobility program The University's mobility program, which sends thousands of students overseas to study, has been recognised as the largest in Australia. News_ 25 January 2024 Georgina Long and Richard Scolyer named Australians of the Year Congratulations to Georgina Long AO and Richard Scolyer AO from the University of Sydney and Melanoma Institute Australia, jointly named 2024 Australian of the Year for their life-saving melanoma work. next slide previous slide