Artdaily - The First Art Newspaper on the Net The First Art Newspaper on the Net Established in 1996 Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Home Last Week Artists Architects Galleries Museums Photographers Photography PhotoGallery Games Subscribe Comments Search Contact Gallery 19C announces highlights for TEFAF Maastricht 2024 Alfred Sisley (French, 1839-1899), À la Lisière de la Forêt de Fontainebleau, 1868, oil on canvas, 38-1/8 by 34 in. (96.8 by 86.4 cm.) WESTLAKE, TX.- Gallery 19C will be among the 260 galleries exhibiting at TEFAF Maastricht in March 2024. With an exclusive focus on European Paintings from the nineteenth century, Gallery 19C is one of the few galleries to showcase the rich potential that exists in this rewarding field of collecting. This year’s edition of the fair marks the gallery’s fourth appearance at TEFAF Maastricht. Past fairs have included sales to the Musée d’Orsay, Paris, The Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, Massachusetts, and a highlight from 2023 was the exhibition of Lord Leighton’s only known oil study for his iconic masterpiece Flaming June, which was purchased at the fair and donated to Leighton House in London. The history of the oil sketch and the story of its acquisition by Leighton House will be a feature article in TEFAF’s Museum Stories series in March. For TEFAF’S 2024 edition, Gallery 19C will feature a rare, early pa ... More The Best Photos of the Day Two alarming cases of bad practices by the administration in regional museums in Spain Lynda Benglis gathers her fountains in a private garden in Madrid Urs Fischer to exhibit new 'Problem Paintings: Beauty' at Gagosian in Paris There is a new case of interference and an attempt to discredit a highly recognized and respected professional in the museum field, Nuria Enguita.BARCELONA.- CIMAM's Museum Watch is very concerned with recent developments in Spain regarding two important regional contemporary art museums and their professionals. Both cases involve a regression in terms of codes of good ... More Lynda Benglis, Portrait by Christopher Lane. (MADRID).- For the first time ever, Banca March has brought the works of US artist Lynda Benglis to Spain, showcasing four sculpture fountains in the bank’s Madrid gardens. Since the end of February to June 2024, Banca March’s gardens in Madrid has been setting the scene for four monumental artworks by the creator Lynda Benglis. ... More Urs Fischer, White Tulip, 2024. Aluminum panel, aluminum honeycomb, polyurethane adhesive, epoxy primer, gesso, solvent-based screen-printing paint, and water-based screen-printing paint, 55 × 44 inches (139.7 × 111.8 cm) © Urs Fischer.PARIS.- Gagosian is now showing Beauty, an exhibition of new works from Urs Fischer’s series Problem Paintings (2010–) at the gallery’s rue de Castiglione location, opening today. The exhibition follows ... More Three distinct exhibitions exploring storytelling, mythology, migration and diaspora Anita Shapolsky Gallery presents the exhibition 'Changing Landscapes of Female Artists' What's hidden in Woodlawn's mausoleums? Extraordinary stained glass. Jumaadi, ayang-ayang, installation view. Tales of Land & Sea, Bundanon, 2024. Photo: Jessica Maurer.SHOALHAVEN, NSW.- Over the weekend Bundanon unveiled its opening Season for 2024, Tales of Land & Sea, now open to the public until 16 June 2024, alongside an expanded live program. Three distinct projects are presented across the galleries of the Art Museum, exploring storytelling, mythological narratives, migration and the diasporic experience, by renowned contemporary artists Jumaadi, and Sancintya Mohini Simpson, as well as Arthur Boyd’s ... More Linda Stein, Warrior Waging Peace: Addressing Feminism 1278, 2024. Wood, metal, archivally printed fabric, mixed media, 67 x 24 x 17 inches.NEW YORK, NY.- Linda Stein is a feminist artist, activist, educator, and writer, based in New York City, who has been practicing for the last six decades. When Stein came to age, her path was paved by supportive teachers who encouraged her not to assume the norms of the time but to pursue her studies in art. The woman’s movement of the 1960s influenced Stein heavily, sparked in part by a Betty Friedan lecture at Cooper ... More Brianne Van Vorst, a conservator with Liberty Stained Glass Conservation, checks the fit of a partially reassembled window in the 1901 mausoleum of Robert Dunlap at Woodlawn Cemetery. (Jeenah Moon/The New York Times)NEW YORK, NY.- On a sunny Bronx morning late last year, an all-star team of stained-glass experts prepared to enter a dank 1894 tomb at Woodlawn Cemetery that had been opened just once in the past century. The mausoleum at hand held the remains of José Maria Muñoz, a Panamanian-born New York merchant and son of a ... More A new Keith Haring biography draws the most complete picture yet The 'Dune' popcorn bucket and the golden age of movie merchandise A new-look circus sends in the clowns, but loses the face paint In his thoroughly researched “Radiant,” Brad Gooch considers the short, blazing life of the ’80s artist, activist and man about downtown.NEW YORK, NY.- Modern art can baffle and intimidate. Keith Haring strived to democratize it. Haring, who died at 31 of complications from AIDS after a brief but dizzyingly productive international career, drew and painted for the masses and the kids, sometimes getting handcuffed and fined ... More The popcorn bucket that inspired Denis Villeneuve to say, “Hoooooly smokes.” Photo: Tony Cenicola/The New York Times.NEW YORK, NY.- When I first encountered an image of the popcorn bucket that AMC Theaters is selling to promote Denis Villeneuve’s “Dune: Part Two,” I stared at it for a beat trying to process what I was looking at. The item is supposed to represent a giant sandworm, the beasts ... More A performance of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus’s revamped national tour in Greensboro, N.C., Feb. 2, 2024. (Kate Medley/The New York Times) GREENSBORO, NC.- There are no tigers and elephants; in fact, the only “animal” is an electric dog named Bailey. The clowns are still there, but hardly wear any makeup. Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, that self-proclaimed greatest show on Earth, is back seven years after folding ... More 'Search for Life', an exhibition presented by TBA21 at the Thyssen-Bornemisza National Museum HdM Gallery celebrates 15th anniversary with new Beijing space Disgraced but embraced: Pop culture pariahs are making big comebacks ©Stephanie Comilang, Search for Life. Diptych, 2024–25.MADRID.- Search for Life, by Filipino-Canadian artist Stephanie Comilang (Toronto, 1980), is a new exhibition presented by TBA21 Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary as part of its program at the Thyssen-Bornemisza National Museum. Curated by Chus Martínez, this is the artist’s first major solo exhibition in Spain and is organized in collaboration with the Sharjah Art Foundation. This large-scale film and textile installation, opening on March 5, focuses on the experience ... More "We are moving on from our 400 square metre gallery in the 798 Art District in Beijing, which has been our working home for the last 15 years, hosting our exhibitions, projects, and cultural activities."BEIJING.- This year marks the 15th anniversary of HdM Gallery, which was founded in Beijing by Hadrien de Montferrand with the support of Laurent Dassault and Olivier Hervet. To celebrate the anniversary, HdM Gallery announced the launch of a new space in Beijing and a new show: 15 Years Anniversary Exhibition. Since the establishment of the gallery, we have organised ... More A figure onstage for the release party for “Vultures 1,” in which Ye, or Kanye West, performed but never removed a mask, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y., after midnight on Feb. 10, 2024. Cancellation was always an incomplete concept, more a way of talking about artists with contentious and offensive personal histories than an actual fact of the marketplace. (The New York Times) NEW YORK, NY.- Last weekend, comedian Shane Gillis hosted “Saturday Night Live,” five years after he was fired from the show before ever appearing on it, when old podcast appearances in which he’d used slurs were brought to light. During ... More QuotePoor art is for poor people. Arshile Gorky More News Bill Tansey has second solo show at the Robin Rice Gallery HUDSON, NY.- Bill Tansey was at an art show in 2010 and became mesmerized by a Nicholas De Steal painting. Two years later he closed his business built a house on Cape Cod and spent the next two years studying, painting, and taking photographs. He now resides in Bridgehampton, New York with his partner and has a painting studio in Southampton, NY. He has been featured in publications like Architectural Digest, W, Vogue, Luxe Interior + Design, Town and Country, Purist, Forbes, and Long Island Pulse. His artwork has also been featured at Guild Hall in East Hampton, NY, the Park Avenue Armory, The Provincetown Art Association and Museum. In 2015, he received the Catherine and Theo Hios Best Landscape Award at Guild Hall by curator Marla Prather of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. For the oil painting “Dive” 2023 “Tansey ... More 'Made by Hand/Born Digital' exhibition explores art that confounds an analog v. digital divide SANTA BARBARA, CA.- The Santa Barbara Museum of Art’s (SBMA) exhibition Made by Hand/Born Digital features 12 artworks and 9 artists who use brushes, AI, paint, 3D printers, scissors, magazines printed on paper, digital looms, potter’s wheels, Photoshop, and Apple Photo. By continuing to craft ceramics, paintings, and textiles by hand and also using the latest digital tools, many of the artists in the exhibition blur a distinction between the handmade and digital. Collectively, these artists remind us that computers are tools—exquisitely complicated but still tools—made by and for humans. They allow artists to work faster, experiment before committing precious time and materials, toss the dice of chance to see what AI might conjure, or easily produce minutely wrought labor-intensive details. Their art demonstrates that ... More 'Vertigo of Color: Matisse, Derain, and the origins of Fauvism' now open at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston HOUSTON, TX.- Over nine intense weeks in the summer of 1905, Henri Matisse (1869–1954) and André Derain (1880–1954) embarked on a creative partnership that would change the course of French painting. Through an audacious exploration of new aesthetic territory, the two painters experimented with daring directions in paint and energetic bursts of color, form, and structure that immediately resulted in a boldly inventive artistic language known as Fauvism (from the French fauve, or “wild beast”). On view at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston since February 25 to May 27, 2024, following its debut at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, Vertigo of Color: Matisse, Derain, and the Origins of Fauvism ... More GRIMM, NY, presenting the solo exhibiton 'Local Programming' by Eric White in their Tribeca space NEW YORK, NY.- GRIMM opened Local Programming, a new solo exhibition from Los Angeles-based artist Eric White at the New York gallery on 23 February 2024. This marks the artist’s fourth solo exhibition with the gallery and his first in the Tribeca space. Local Programming, set in the muted haze of the 1970s, follows a woman enthralled by television, specifically game shows, whose actions blur the boundary between psychological delusion and metaphysical epiphany. White’s paintings explore the intersection of the romanticized American dream and the psychological paranoia imbued in this fantasy. Referencing 20th-century film and pop culture with a painterly finesse, his work subverts and recodes the dominant narratives of contemporary society. The exhibition presents a series of vignettes centering around a female character ... More Templon, Brussels, presents 'La danse du mal insaisissable' by Jan Van Imschoot BRUSSELS.- As the spectacular retrospective of Jan Van Imschoot’s art at the SMAK in Ghent comes to an end, the Flemish painter unveils his latest work in Brussels: an exploration of evil through the ages. This latest show is the fruit of a rigorous and meticulous process of exploration inspired by selected museum masterpieces and archives. Jan Van Imschoot narrates a story unfurling across 14 baroque and colourful canvases. The butterfly, symbol of the soul or the psyche, flutters unobtrusively through the paintings, now an opulent, dark form concealing, eclipse-like, a Mexican firing squad, now landing on the face of Leopold II, the dynastic figure behind the bloodthirsty management of the Congo. Capital punishment is a recurring theme: as an object of fantasy, source of intimidation, vestige of history or national folklore. Under ... More Alex Anderson's second solo exhibition at Sargent's Daughters is now on view LOS ANGELES, CA.- Sargent’s Daughters is currently showing Everything is made of light, Alex Anderson’s second solo exhibition with the gallery, and his first in our West Coast location. This latest body of work moves Anderson’s virtuosic ceramic forms into novel and expansive directions. Delving into the artist’s recent research on metaphysical concepts, the exhibition pushes the medium of ceramics into the realm of universal experience. As one of the greatest technical ceramicists of his generation, Anderson continues to innovate formally, building increasingly complex structures and finishing them with avant-garde glazing techniques. This exhibition includes both free-standing sculptures and wall-mounted works that feature crystalline glazes and flowing, natural forms. They blur the borders and edges of the ceramic ... More Six years of work by Rebekka Steiger now on view at Tank Shanghai SHANGHAI.- Galerie Urs Meile is now showing the emerging Swiss artist Rebekka Steiger’s (b. 1993) first major institutional solo exhibition in China. Titled Octopus Mountain, the exhibition launched at Tank Shanghai on March 1, 2024 and will last for three months. This exhibition assembles works by Rebekka Steiger from the past six years. What becomes visible is the webwork of Steiger's growing oeuvre. Strewn with recurring figurative motives and abstract movements, it is so diverse in style and visual language, that only upon closer inspection the connections between the individual paintings become apparent. Personal expression, abstract formations, figurative and sometimes seemingly symbolically charged content take shape in step with the artist's technical experimentation in her painting. ... More Qatar Museums reveals new architectural renderings of future Lusail Museum DOHA.- Qatar Museums has released new renderings and a virtual flythrough video of the future Lusail Museum, revealing new details of the building for this world-class arts institution and global think tank designed by the Pritzker Prize-winning Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron. With its unparalleled collection of Orientalist art, the Lusail Museum will explore the movement of people and ideas across the globe, past and present, helping to bridge a divided world through dialogue, art, and innovation. With the participation of distinguished scholars, artists, policy makers, thought leaders, curators, and others, the Lusail Museum will provide opportunities for high-level study, discussion, debate, and mediation on critical global issues. The design for the museum expresses this mission of convergence and conversation in a building conceived ... More Heritage Auctions World's Largest Collectibles Auctioneer PhotoGalleries Flashback On a day like today, Italian painter Giovanni Battista Tiepolo was born March 05, 1696. Giovanni Battista Tiepolo (March 5, 1696 - March 27, 1770), also known as Giambattista (or Gianbattista) Tiepolo, was an Italian painter and printmaker from the Republic of Venice who painted in the Rococo style. He was prolific, and worked not only in Italy, but also in Germany and Spain. Giovan Battista Tiepolo, together with Giambattista Pittoni, Canaletto, Giovan Battista Piazzetta, Giuseppe Maria Crespi and Francesco Guardi are considered the traditional Old Masters of that period. In this image: View of the ceiling of the Imperial Hall in the Wurzburg Residenz. ArtDaily Games PuzzlesWordSearch Museums, Exhibits, Artists, Milestones, Digital Art, Architecture, Photography, Photographers, Special Photos, Special Reports, Featured Stories, Auctions, Art Fairs, Anecdotes, Art Quiz, Education, Mythology, 3D Images, Last Week, . The OnlineCasinosSpelen editors have years of experience with everything related to online gambling providers and reliable online casinos Nederland. If you have any questions about casino bonuses and, please contact the team directly. Truck Accident Attorneys Founder: Ignacio Villarreal (1941 - 2019) Editor & Publisher: Jose Villarreal Art Director: Juan José Sepúlveda Ramírez Ae888 Kubet xoilac Try a casino zonder cruks and discover the the benefits Playing at a casino zonder cruks means that you will gokken zonder cruks and recieve superior bonuses Cheapest way to send your parcel is with ParcelABC.com One of the best Online Casino's in the UK Nieuwe-casinos.net reviews the latest nieuwe online casino daily. Casinozonderregistratie.net finds the best online casino buitenland for all the art fans in the Netherlands. Play online pokies payid and make instant withdrawals in Australian online casinos. Make sure to check out Dream Vegas Online Casino, the latest online casino gamble online Attorneys TOP proxy services provider in the world - IPRoyal Zed helps you find the best Canadian online casino in no time. Top online casinos for Finnish - nettikasinot.media Best online casino Canada Top non betstop casinos at https://nonbetstop.net/ RTP Live for Indonesian slot online Financial Advisor Near Me Find the best sports betting sites in Ireland at betinireland.ie Find casinos without Spelpaus and casinos without Swedish licenses here. Casino non AAMS Sponsored by Gambledex.com, a guide to playing at online casinos. Norges Casino Online gambling provider site joker123 platform with the highest winnings in Asia Find and evaluate the newest online casino 2022 on Neuecasinos24.com. On the smartphone we may use a mobile casino nowadays, as it's practical and easy. casinos not on Gamstop truc tiep bong da Casino utan Licens For all the latest slots and live casino games check out Barz Online Casino UK Best Real Money Online Slots Pawns.app - one of the best website to make passive income online Buy Ambien Online Check out the best new UK betting sites here Top bonuses and sports betting at in2bet.com.cyWith markets available for the World Cup and other key sporting events. Find out the best non GamStop casinos in the UK at Sure Bet. nettikasino Sponsored by Wagerdex.com, a guide to betting and gambling online in the US. The best-selling slot games 2022 playstar slot provide the highest jackpot bonuses The new features include Online Casino Paysafe Auszahlung a withdrawal to Paysafecard. GreenPromoCode.com: Promo Codes in Real-Time Online Casino Canada For the latest fast payout casinos available we strongly recommend to read more at CasinoAdvisers, always up-to-date Find the best online casinos in Canada on LiveCasinoOnline.ca sa gaming Real Money Mexican Online Casinos You can easily buy real Instagram followers and increase your chance to be in the Explore Page! Live Sports schedule on TV and streaming services, check it out! Explore the best casino online Philippines for players from Philippines list of online casinos オンラインカジノ jcb Try the best paypal casinos on the web and play with the ability to deposit and withdraw your funds with ease. Royalville Communications, Inc produces: ignaciovillarreal.org juncodelavega.com facundocabral-elfinal.org Founder's Site. Hommage to a Mexican poet. Hommage Tell a Friend Dear User, please complete the form below in order to recommend the Artdaily newsletter to someone you know. Please complete all fields marked *. Your name * Your e-mail address * Name of recipient * Recipient's e-mail address * Your message * Sending Mail Sending Successful