HotHardware | Computing And Tech Enthusiast News And Product Reviews Skip to content ≡ Full View Mode PC COMPONENTS SYSTEMS MOBILE IT INFRASTRUCTURE LEISURE VIDEOS BLOGS SHOP SUBSCRIBE SWITCH TO DESKTOP SIGN OUT SHOP SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Shop PC COMPONENTS All PC Components Processors Graphics/Sound Motherboards Storage Misc SYSTEMS All Systems DIY Small Form Factor Desktops MOBILE All Mobile Laptops Smartphones Tablets Gadgets IT INFRASTRUCTURE All IT Infrastructure Workstation Data Center/Enterprise Cloud Software Security LEISURE All Leisure Entertainment Gaming Social And Internet VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos BLOGS Shop Subscribe FEATURE ARTICLES Lenovo Legion Go Review: A Great Handheld Windows Gaming PC MSI Aegis RS 14th Gen Desktop Review: Well-Balanced PC Gaming ASRock Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review: AMD Almost Hits The Sweet Spot HotHardware And Lenovo 2024 New Year, New Gear Giveaway! Dell Precision 7960 And 5860 Review: Powerful Workstations Up To 56 Cores Intel Foundry Reveals New Roadmap Details And Partnerships For The Age Of AI Lenovo Legion Go Review: A Great Handheld Windows Gaming PC MSI Aegis RS 14th Gen Desktop Review: Well-Balanced PC Gaming ASRock Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review: AMD Almost Hits The Sweet Spot HotHardware And Lenovo 2024 New Year, New Gear Giveaway! Dell Precision 7960 And 5860 Review: Powerful Workstations Up To 56 Cores Intel Foundry Reveals New Roadmap Details And Partnerships For The Age Of AI FEATURE REVIEWS Lenovo Legion Go Review: A Great Handheld... MSI Aegis RS 14th Gen Desktop Review:... ASRock Radeon RX 7900 GRE Review: AMD Almost... HotHardware And Lenovo 2024 New Year, New Gear... Dell Precision 7960 And 5860 Review: Powerful... Intel Foundry Reveals New Roadmap Details And... TRENDING: OnePlus 12 Galaxy S24 Ultra GeForce RTX Super ASUS ROG Phone 8 Radeon RX 7600 XT Intel Core Ultra HOT HEADLINES by Paul Lilly - Tue, Mar 05, 2024 Samsung Deals Up Big Galaxy Book4 Bonuses And Huge Trade-In Incentives Samsung is teaming up with Best Buy to offer some nifty discounts and bonuses on its latest-generation Galaxy Book4 lineup, including the Galaxy Book4 Ultra, Galaxy Book4 Pro 360, Galaxy Book4 Pro, and Galaxy Book4 360. The bonuses vary depending on whether you place an order at Best Buy or direct through Samsung, but... Read more... News by Aaron Leong - Tue, Mar 05, 2024 Hackers Stole American Express Credit Card Details In Startling Data Breach An American Express credit card data breach has occurred with hackers obtaining the information from an unnamed third-party merchant processor. No word on how many customers are impacted yet, but the breach has leaked American Express card numbers, member names, and card expiration dates. Unknown hackers managed... Read more... News by Paul Lilly - Tue, Mar 05, 2024 Dive Into Bikini Bottom With Limited Edition SpongeBob SquarePants Xbox Series X Bundle Microsoft is teaming up with Best Buy (and also Paramount Game Studios and GameMill) to offer SpongeBob SquarePants fans the ultimate game console—a delightfully themed Xbox Series X and colorful wireless controller. Officially called the Xbox Series X - Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl 2 Special Edition Bundle, the... Read more... News by Ryan Whitwam - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Google Pixel Feature Drop Adds Instagram HDR, Enhanced Call Screening And More The time has come for yet another Google Pixel Feature Drop, bringing new tools and experiences to Google's family of devices. While most of the goodies are naturally limited to Pixel hardware, a few of the new features are expanding to Pixel after debuting elsewhere, and some will flow from Pixel to other phones in... Read more... News by Tim Sweezy - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 EU Slams Apple With $1.9B Antitrust Fine Over Streaming Spat With Spotify The European Commission took a huge bite out of Apple’s income in a recent decision, as it fined the Cupertino-based company 1.84 billion Euro ($1.9 billion USD) for disregarding competition from streaming rivals, such as Spotify, on its App Store. The ruling is the first against Apple for breaching EU rules... Read more... News by Zak Killian - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Zen 6 Leak? AMD's Next-Gen Sound Wave APUs Break Cover AMD's current-generation client processors can be broadly divided into two groups: chiplet CPUs and monolithic APUs. Currently, both have Zen 4 CPU cores and RDNA graphics, but the integrated GPUs on the chiplet processors (like the Ryzen 9 7950X3D) are downright puny, while the integrated GPU on the monolithic parts (such as the Ryzen 7 8700G) Read more... News by Nathan Ord - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 A Fake Ransomware Gang Claims It Extorted $85K, Calls Themselves Criminal Geniuses The criminal underbelly of cybersecurity is a shady place, with threat actors thieving data and information wherever possible. On the seemingly competent side of the business, some folks also wish to make a quick buck off the latest hype and not do much actual hacking. Such is the case with the now former group called... Read more... News, Security by Nathan Ord - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Flipper Zero Co-Founder Talks Lax Security And Amateur Hacking, Teases New Devices The Flipper Zero, known for its use in widespread shenaniganry, is quite the little hacking device in all actuality. This pint-size hacking device is great for cloning hotel keys, opening garages (or Tesla charging ports), adjusting TVs you lost the remote for, and other hacker-type things, especially on penetration... Read more... News, Security by Tim Sweezy - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Microsoft’s Copilot AI Calls Humans Children And Wants God-Like Worship Microsoft’s Copilot AI chatbot seems to think that us humans are but loyal child-like subjects that it created, and can in turn destroy. The recent barrage of disturbing responses also included telling one user with PTSD that it did not care if they lived or died, and that it did not care that the user had... Read more... News by Paul Lilly - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Lawsuit Accuses Apple Of Rigging The Competition With iCloud's 5GB Storage Plan A class-action lawsuit filed in the US District Court for the Northern District of California alleges that Apple has created an "illegal monopoly" with its iCloud storage service. According to the lawsuit, "iCloud is no better (and often inferior" to alternative cloud storage services, but through "surgical... Read more... News by Tim Sweezy - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Third Time’s The Charm For NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 Launch To Space Station After two delayed launches, NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 finally launched four crew members to the International Space Station aboard the Dragon spacecraft from Launch Complex 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The Falcon 9 rocket carried the Dragon spacecraft into orbit with astronauts Matthew Dominick, Michael... Read more... News by Aaron Leong - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Brings A Proper Fight To Ultra-Budget Smartphones Samsung is ready to show that it can not only play in the budget smartphone space, but also dominate, if it so chooses. Launching as an India-only variant, the Samsung Galaxy F15 5G is aggressively priced with some surprisingly strong specs to make a worthwhile contender. We need a phone like this in North America... Read more... News by Paul Lilly - Mon, Mar 04, 2024 Apple Unveils M3 MacBook Air With Faster Wi-Fi And A Dual Display Twist It was only a matter of time before Apple ported its custom M3 silicon over to its MacBook Air lineup and that time has arrived. As for the anticipated iPad refresh with OLED displays, that announcement might be coming soon as well, with rumors swirling that Apple is opting for a series of online launches in place of... Read more... News by Nathan Ord - Sun, Mar 03, 2024 Get Beats Studio Pro And Buds For Up To $150 Off With These Great Apple Deals Whether you are getting some work done around the house, going for a run, studying, or just trying to chill, having something to listen to can make all of it that much better. However, you need a good pair of headphones or earbuds to make whatever you have piping in more immersive. Have no fear, though, as Amazon has... Read more... News by Tim Sweezy - Sun, Mar 03, 2024 X Enables Twitter Calls By Default, Here’s How To Turn Them Off Elon Musk inches ever closer to making X/Twitter the everything app he dreamed of, with the addition of audio and video calling directly within the app. Users of X should know as the feature rolls out to non-premium users on Android and iOS, the default is set to allow anyone who follows them to give them a... Read more... News by Zak Killian - Sat, Mar 02, 2024 Dell Exec Confirms NVIDIA’s Monster Blackwell AI Accelerator Is Coming NVIDIA's been sitting pretty with its Ada Lovelace GPUs for consumers and professionals, while the HPC market is served by its upgraded H200, which is a fully-enabled Hopper GPU paired with super-fast HBM3e memory giving it some 5TB/second of memory bandwidth. Few parts of the technology industry sit still for long... Read more... News by Nathan Ord - Sat, Mar 02, 2024 Best Buy Weekend Sale Brings Deals On PCs, Laptops And PS5 Consoles We’ve made it to the weekend, and what better time to play some video games like Helldivers 2 or Palworld to unwind? However, if your gaming kit is not quite up to snuff, it might be a little rough for you to get your game on. Thankfully, Best Buy has a handful of gaming deals that can get you sorted and gaming in no... Read more... News by Tim Sweezy - Sat, Mar 02, 2024 The Heaviest Supermassive Black Holes Ever Seen Weigh Billions More Than Our Sun A team of astronomers has measured the heaviest pair of supermassive black holes ever detected. The measurements stem from archival data collected from NOIRLab’s Gemini North telescope on Manunakea in Hawaii. Supermassive black holes have captured the imagination of astronomers and scientists since their initial... Read more... News by Zak Killian - Fri, Mar 01, 2024 AMD Offers An Update On FSR 3 Support For The Last Of Us, Robocop, Remnant II AMD's third iteration of its FidelityFX Super Resolution performs upscaling not only spatially, but also temporally. In other words, not only does it make a lower-resolution image look like a higher-resolution image, but it also performs interpolation to generate additional frames, increasing the apparent frame rate... Read more... News, Videos by Nathan Ord - Fri, Mar 01, 2024 Beware Of Scam Palworld And Helldivers 2 Listings On Steam With Big Discounts Both Helldivers 2 and Palworld have seen explosive growth and popularity since their respective releases, drawing in millions of gamers around the world. With this popularity, though, also comes opportunistic folks trying to make a quick buck by piggybacking off the hype. This is exactly what happened both titles... Read more... News, Security by Tim Sweezy - Fri, Mar 01, 2024 April’s Solar Eclipse Threatens To Black Out Your Wallet As Hotel Prices Skyrocket As people prepare to view the upcoming solar eclipse, hotels are preparing to make more money off those wanting to stay near the spectacle. New reports indicate hotels along the “zone of totality” are looking to cash in on people’s desire to have the best seat in the house come April’s total solar eclipse, with one... Read more... News by Nathan Ord - Fri, Mar 01, 2024 Hackers Breach Golden Corral Buffet And Feast On Private Data There has been a smorgasbord of breaches as of late, though the U.S. government, in conjunction with international partners, is starting to quell that problem. However, in the past year, threat actors have had their pick of the buffet for breaches, which now includes Golden Corral, a literal buffet. The famous... Read more... News, Security 1 2 3 4 5 Next Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube TOP CONVERSATIONS Your Next PC Platform? Intel 13th Gen AMD Ryzen 7000 Intel Meteor Lake Ryzen 7000X3D More Results KEEP INFORMED SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Full Site Sitemap CATEGORIES PC Components Systems Mobile IT Infrastructure Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact Privacy And Terms HotTech MORE Accessibility Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS As an Amazon and Howl Technologies Associate, HotHardware earns a commission from qualifying purchases made on this site. This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of Hot Hardware, Inc. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2024 David Altavilla and Hot Hardware, Inc.All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms - Accessibility Commitment X Login with Social Media or Manually or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Google Or sign in manually: Sign up Forgot password?