The Battle for Wesnoth Home News Play Create Forums About Mastodon Discord Server GitHub Project The Battle for Wesnoth is an open source, turn-based strategy game with a high fantasy theme. It features both singleplayer and online/hotseat multiplayer combat. Explore the world of Wesnoth and take part in its many adventures! Embark on a desperate quest to reclaim your rightful throne... Flee the Lich Lords to a new home across the sea... Delve into the darkest depths of the earth to craft a jewel of fire itself... Defend your kingdom against the ravaging hordes of a foul necromancer... Or lead a straggly band of survivors across the blazing sands to confront an unseen evil. The choice is up to you... Download Now Get on itch.io Get on Steam Release notes Screenshots › Features Units hand-animated in a vibrant pixel art style, with semi-realistic portraits used for dialog. 17 singleplayer campaigns and 55 multiplayer maps to choose from. Over 200 unit types in seven major factions, all with distinctive abilities, weapons and spells. Face off against other players over the Internet, or challenge your friends over a private/local network or hot-seat. Translated into over 30 different languages. Highly moddable engine combining WML and Lua scripting Tons of player-made content available from the official add-ons server: new campaigns, factions, and multiplayer maps with new and unique mechanics and artwork. Cross-platform compatible with Microsoft Windows, Apple macOS, and GNU/Linux. Download Stable Windows(64-bit)macOS(10.12+)LinuxSource Update announcementRelease notes for 1.16Checksums and other downloads The stable version of Wesnoth is recommended for new and veteran players and content creators on all platforms, as it offers a well-supported and extensively-tested experience, with new releases delivering bug fixes and translation updates.Players can also obtain this version of Wesnoth from Steam and the Mac App Store, with the added benefit of continuous automatic updates.System Requirements Minimum Recommended System Windows 7 SP1 (64-bit) or later macOS 10.12 or later Ubuntu 16.04 or compatible Windows 10 (64-bit) or later macOS 10.14 or later Ubuntu 20.04 or compatibleCPUDual-core 2.0 GHz or betterDual-core 3.2 GHz or betterRAM4 GB4 GBDisk800 MB free2 GB freeGraphics800x600 or larger screen1024x768 or larger screenInputKeyboard and mouse required Development Windows(64-bit)macOS(10.12+)LinuxSource Update announcementChecksums and other downloads New players are advised to choose the stable version instead.The development version of Wesnoth is geared towards veteran players and content creators who wish to try out the latest additions to the game. Updates are not guaranteed to be stable and may include game-breaking changes.Players can also obtain this version of Wesnoth from Steam by selecting it in the Betas tab in the game’s properties after installation, with the added benefit of continuous automatic updates.System Requirements Minimum Recommended System Windows 10 1903 (64-bit) or later macOS 10.12 or later Ubuntu 20.04 or compatible Windows 10 1903 (64-bit) or later macOS 10.14 or later Ubuntu 22.04 or compatibleCPUDual-core 2.0 GHz or betterDual-core 3.2 GHz or betterRAM4 GB4 GBDisk800 MB free2 GB freeGraphics800x600 or larger screen1024x768 or larger screenInputKeyboard and mouse required Join With a vast community with tens of thousands of players and over 520,000 posts in our forums, help resources for new and experienced players alike abound. Official Forums Frequently Asked Questions Reporting Bugs Contribute Wesnoth is made possible by the efforts of players and enthusiasts from all over the world. Whether it be by creating new add-on content, contributing patches for core content and the game engine, or just testing the development version, you too can help shape the next version of Wesnoth! Introduction to Content Creation About the Battle for Wesnoth Project Donate If you would like to donate to the project, you can do so on Liberapay or when downloading Wesnoth through itch.io. Wesnoth does rely on the work of dedicated volunteers, but no project can function completely cost-free. Revenue from donations goes towards maintaining our servers, websites, and commissioning new art and music. Donate Mastodon Discord GitHub Site Map • Site Status Copyright © 2003–2024 by The Battle for Wesnoth Project Site design Copyright © 2017–2024 by Iris Morelle