CCP Games Company Products Carbon Careers Culture News Toggle navigation Company Products Carbon Careers Culture News Our mission is to create virtual worlds more meaningful than real life About us CCP, a Pearl Abyss company since 2019, was founded in 1997 in Reykjavik, Iceland. With the launch of EVE Online in May 2003, CCP established itself as one of the most innovative companies in interactive entertainment, winning numerous awards and receiving critical acclaim worldwide. Read more about CCP Our Products EVE Online is the world’s largest living work of science fiction, a captivating universe of unprecedented depth and magnitude. EVE Online Official Page EVE Echoes is a space-based sandbox MMO mobile game set in an alternate EVE universe. EVE Echoes Official Page EVE Galaxy Conquest is an all-new 4X strategy game from CCP Games coming to mobile devices and PC. Are you ready to take command and write history? EVE Galaxy Conquest Official Page EVE Vanguard is an innovative new FPS module, connected to the EVE universe from Day One, and evolved in partnership with our players. Persistent, highly customizable and deeply social, Vanguard introduces an intense new experience to EVE. EVE Vanguard Official Page Project Awakening is a new title from CCP Games utilizing blockchain technology, set within the EVE Universe. Project Awakening Official Page From the newsroom 18 Jan 2024 CCP Games Unveils 2024 Roadmap for EVE Online: Two Content Expansions and Next Map for EVE Vanguard New resource management, ship customization, improved Corporation Projects, and much more coming to New Eden in 2024 ... Read more 14 Dec 2023 Just About Enters Beta: EVE Online Has Never Been More Rewarding Just About - the new community platform built to recognize and reward members fairly for their contributions - has moved into Beta. ... Read more 7 Dec 2023 CCP Games Launches ‘First Strike’ Live Event for EVE Online Multiplayer FPS Module, EVE Vanguard Cause more chaos on the frontlines of New Eden with the addition of Ice Refinery Heists and AIR Daily Goals, coming in the EVE Online: Havoc patch on December 12 ... Read more Go to the Newsroom Privacy policy Cookie policy Contact us FAQ Follow us on EVE Online® and CCP® and all related logos and other elements are trademarks of CCP ehf. ©2024 CCP ehf. All rights reserved. v1.2.6