Home | New Internationalist Magazine Skip to main content Top navigation About Ethical shop My subscription Search Main navigation Latest issue All magazines Regions Caribbean Central Asia East Asia Europe Latin America North America Pacific Polar South Asia Sub-Saharan Africa Middle East and North Africa Themes Climate Culture Art Books Digital Film Language Media Music Economy Corporations Debt Finance Poverty Privatization Tax Trade Work Environment Animals Biodiversity Energy Food and farming Forests Land Mining Oceans Pollution Sustainability Water Society Children and youth Crime and justice Drugs Equality Gender and sexuality Gender Law Race Religion Science and technology Women Politics Co-operatives Colonialism Democracy Development Globalization Nationalism Political theory Trade unions Protest Action Campaigns Resistance Strikes Human Rights Disability Education Health Housing Hunger Inigenous peoples Migration Minorities Refugees War and peace Arms Military Non-violence Peace Terrorism Violence Ethical Shop Subscribe Is it time to divest from the business of evangelicalism? After the revelations about megachurch leader TB Joshua, Rosebell Kagumire reflects on religion, politics and power. Never miss another story! Get our free regular enews A weekly newsletter with the best of our journalism. Enter your email address Advert ‘Gaza genocide exposes the naked face of imperialism’Bethany Rielly reports from War on Want’s festival of resistance. Spotlight: Aziza BrahimGraeme Green speaks to the celebrated musician about how the Sahrawi struggle for independence has permeated her work. How Ecuador’s media fuels militarismJack Dodson and Malú Ramahí examine how the state is co-opting the local press. A 'seed change' in GreeceGreece’s new marriage equality law is a historic win for LGBTQI+ rights, but the far-right is never far at bay. Moira Lavelle reports. Current issue Issue 548 February 2024 South Africa: 30 Years Later Thirty years on from the end of apartheid, South Africa is in the headlines for prosecuting Israel at the International Court of Justice. As elections approach, we look at the troubles facing this young democracy and ask if this new leading role in global politics could provoke a reckoning at home. Preview online or subscribe to read. Issue highlights: Africa's pandora's box All rise Morbid symptoms The metal that bent When the lights go out Subscribe Today The long read ‘They want to erase us’ Sophie Neiman speaks to people putting everything on the line to overturn Uganda’s harsh new anti-gay law. CountryProfile Uruguay Uruguay remains distinctive in Latin America for the robustness of its democracy since the end of military rule, writes Julio Etchart. Who is New Internationalist? More than 50 years at the forefront of independent media and a reputation for thoughtful, progressive journalism that gives a human face to the news. Our global network of writers brings alternative perspectives and cover stories that the mainstream media often ignores, instead highlighting voices from the global South. We dig that bit deeper to place headline stories in their proper political, social and economic context. NI is an independent media co-operative - owned by our staff and over 4,600 reader-owners. Find out more about us Support independent journalism Join our solidarity fund A monthly gift will sustain our journalism and provide New Internationalist subscriptions for schools, community groups and activists. Give today Follow us Decolonize How Justice from the King? Ahead of a royal visit, communities violently evicted by colonial era settlers are calling for justice. Anthony Langat reports. Climate Why we need more heat pumps They can significantly lower household emissions but remain unaffordable for many, Danny Chivers writes. Sea Change, Marine Conservation Society Calendar 2024 £11.99 Shop now Diagonal Stripe Recycled Blanket, Coffee, 150cm x 183cm £59.00 Shop now Aristotle Oasis Wildlife Bath £23.99 Shop now Angela Harding: Southwold Swan Jigsaw Puzzle, 1000 pieces £16.99 Shop now Never miss another story! Get our free regular enews A weekly newsletter with the best of our journalism. Enter your email address Advert Editors’ pick Palestine: From accord to Apartheid In the lead story from our May-June 2023 issue, Zoe Holman looks at how the so-called ‘peace process’ has allowed Israel to deepen its colonial project over Palestinian lives. From the archive The Long Wait of Thomas Kwoyelo Sophie Neiman investigates the contentious war crimes case of a former child soldier in Uganda's ferocious Lord's Resistance Army. Past issues Climate Capitalism Surveillance: Spying on dissent Decolonize now Palestine: From occupation to uprising You can see our whole archive on the past issues page. Subscribe to New Internationalist Discover unique global perspectives Support cutting-edge independent media Magazine delivered to your door or inbox Digital archive of over 500 issues Fund in-depth, high quality journalism Subscribe Today New Internationalist is a multi-stakeholder co-operative owned by its workers and approximately 4,600 co-owners Member of Co-operatives UK Magazine Subscriber help Co-owners Support us Contact us Advertise Jobs Policies Follow us