Royalty free music and 'free to download' music - Free Music Archive Music for every creator and budget Two top destinations for music discovery, free music downloads, and licensing. Trusted by over 1 million subscribers searching for original, royalty-free songs by independent artists around our planet. Tribe of Noise PRO Elevate your project with original songs 100% commercial use guaranteed Handpicked, quality, original tracks Royalty-free license with certificate Instant pay & download Perfect for: ✓ Socials ✓ Video ✓ Podcast ✓ (Short) film ✓ Websites ✓ And more Get certified tracks Explore offers Free Music Archive Dive into a world of free music 100% free to listen, download & share Wide variety and richness of music styles Includes (limited) CC0 & CC-BY music Detailed “free use” terms with each track Perfect for: ✓ Discovery / personal use ✓ Zero budget projects (read terms first) Enjoy FMA Our story At the heart of Tribe of Noise and Free Music Archive lies a compelling story, one of unity, innovation, and shared success. Founded on the belief that music should freely flow between creators and those who bring visuals to life, our journey began in 2008 with a mission to redefine the landscape of music licensing and distribution. This mission was not just about creating a platform; it was about building a global tribe where independent musicians and content creators could thrive together. Empowering creators and musicians We've created a seamless bridge between independent artists worldwide and creators like videographers, YouTubers, podcasters, and filmmakers, eliminating traditional licensing barriers. Our platforms prioritize content creators, offering extensive, diverse music libraries to effortlessly find and license the perfect soundtrack, ensuring your creative process is empowered and your projects come to life with the ideal music backdrop. A tribute to independent artists Behind every track on our platforms is an artist with a story. By choosing music from Tribe of Noise and Free Music Archive, you're not just enhancing your projects; you're also supporting the dreams and careers of musicians worldwide. Our artists have found not just a platform for exposure but a community that values and champions their work. Some of their stories have been captured in our Spotlight Interviews. These narratives not only showcase the diversity of talent within our community but also the profound impact our collective efforts have on their careers and creative endeavors. Let's create together Your journey with Tribe of Noise is more than just a search for royalty-free music; it's an opportunity to be part of a story that celebrates creativity, collaboration, and the endless possibilities that arise when we come together. Let's continue to break new ground, support independent artistry, and create content that resonates and inspires. Get certified tracks Explore offers © 2024 Tribe of Noise