Aerial Yoga Girl TV - Home Home About / More SHOP Trainings & Workshops Aerial VIP Bundle Aerial Fabric Video Series Aerial Silks Journal Buti Yoga Classes Chakra Yoga Classes Meditations & Hypnosis Aerial Yoga * LIVE Aerial Yoga Classes * Aerial Yoga Teacher Training Aerial Yoga Manual Aerial Yoga Video Series Aerial Yoga Poses Aerial Yoga Sequences Aerial Silks Aerial Silks Teacher Training Climbs Footlocks Body Wraps Drops Split Silks Sequences Aerial Hammock Aerial Hammock Teacher Training Entrances Basic Moves Poses Belly & Leg Wraps Cupids Infinity Seat Crossbacks Drops Hammock Sequences Aerial Conditioning Testimonials FAQ / Help Aerial Skills Checklists The Most Complete Aerial Fitness and Aerial Yoga Online Site Manuals. Video Tutorials. Online Classes. And More. ​For Students & Teachers of Aerial Fabric & Aerial Hammock. Aerial Yoga Girl TV offers over 400 short tutorial videos in Aerial Silks skills, Aerial Hammock, and Aerial Conditioning. Click the Subscribe button in the Top Right corner of any video to watch now. Subscribe Now More Online Aerial Offerings: Live Aerial Yoga & Aerial Dance Classes Online LIVE Aerial Yoga Classes and gives you access to our private FB group with a library of over 300 original aerial hammock classes and sequences online (all classes since we began in 2018!) are saved and archived for you to watch at your convenience) , including :50 Ground Classes – Restorative Aerial Yoga135 Flow Classes – Aerial Vinyasa Style Yoga97 Fly Classes – Aerial Hammock Acrobatic Tricks and Sequences6 Yoga on the Ground / Foam Rolling / Self Care classes1 Free Month of Aerial Yoga Girl TV (which includes over 500 tutorials in aerial silks, hammock, conditioning drills)7 Goal Driven 30 Day Class Calendars for various goals! Note: This subscription is separate from Aerial Yoga Girl TV video tutorials. Subscribe Now Download and Own for Life Aerial Fabric Journey: From the Ground Up is a 6 part video series for both Students & Teachers of Aerial Split Silks (Aerial Fabric or Tissu.) This video series will guide you from the Ground to the Air in a safe and intelligent method developed from teaching fitness for over 15 years, 10 of those years in aerial fabric education. ​This series provides background knowledge to develop your aerial progressions. Appropriate for All Levels of Aerialists. Download Videos to own for Life. Learn More / Buy Now Download and Own for Life ​ ​ Create an inner alchemy with this 5 hour long Aerial Yoga class series (4 classes, with a bonus 5th class!) - that brings the natural elements into your practice to create gold within.​In metaphysical practices, we understand how integrating the 4 elements - Earth, Fire, Water, and Air - creates an alchemy of enlightenment, of fulfillment, and inner knowing. Each class utilizes the ancient practices of Yoga and modern practice of Aerial, aligning with each element in every class.Be transformed by these classes, and do them on your own time. Enjoy the Bonus Ether class (rig your fabric to knee height ) for a stretchy and lucid low hammock flow. ​ Learn More / Buy Now Get Access to All Programs Now with Aerial VIP Bundle for Frequent Flyers! Love to Fly? Ready to Level Up Your Aerial Mastery? Save over $150 and Subscribe for One Year Access to Everything You Need to Grow as an Aerialist. Learn More / Buy Now Subscribe To the MOST COMPLETE Aerial Fitness Resource Online with Aerial Yoga Girl TV for videos of Aerial Fitness for home conditioning and to supplement your in class lessons.Aerial Yoga Girl TV hosts videos in:Warm Up, Flexibility, and Conditioning Drills Aerial Yoga Poses and SequencesAerial Sling and Hammock MovesAerial Silks ClimbsAerial Silks Foot Lock MovesAerial Silks Body WrapsAerial Silks DropsAerial Silks SequencesIn addition, Aerial Silks moves, wraps, and skills are broken down for you to supplement​ your aerial training under the supervision of a trained professional.Videos can be accessed from ANY device as long as you have a wifi connection!​Subscribe for less than $10/month - Cancel Anytime!Join Us on Vimeo Directly with the Vimeo App on your Device! Aerial Yoga Sequences Body Wraps​ Aerial Silks Skills Conditioning Drills DISCLAIMER: ​Purchase or use of any products or services of Aerial Yoga Girl constitutes agreement that all involved in the making of Aerial Yoga Girl TV / KAMA FIT TV will not accept responsibility for injury to any degree, including death, to any person as a result of participation in activities described in tutorials, videos, manuals, or any other products or services by Aerial Yoga Girl. Rigging and aerial fabric, while referred to, does not replace consulting a professional rigger when it comes to hanging any aerial equipment or its use. It is highly recommended that you contact a professional rigger and practice under the supervision of a trained instructor whenever inverting or using an aerial fabric. It is recommended that you check with your doctor or healthcare provider before commencing any exercise. By purchasing and use of this manual, tutorials, or any other products or services therein, you are making an agreement that you understand the risks involved with aerial fitness, and have investigated the risks involved with performing inversions. No part of these publications may be reproduced, stored, or transmitted in any way or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Aerial Yoga Girl LLC, 2023. The names and information within this website and its documents are created exclusively for ​Aerial Yoga Girl ™️ And Kama Fit TV®️ And Kama Fitness©️. Copying, duplication, or otherwise reproducing or using the information and names within any form is prohibited. © COPYRIGHT 2021 AERIAL YOGA GIRL TV / Kama Fit TV / Aerial Yoga Girl / Karlene Linxweiler LLC​. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Home About / More SHOP Trainings & Workshops Aerial VIP Bundle Aerial Fabric Video Series Aerial Silks Journal Buti Yoga Classes Chakra Yoga Classes Meditations & Hypnosis Aerial Yoga * LIVE Aerial Yoga Classes * Aerial Yoga Teacher Training Aerial Yoga Manual Aerial Yoga Video Series Aerial Yoga Poses Aerial Yoga Sequences Aerial Silks Aerial Silks Teacher Training Climbs Footlocks Body Wraps Drops Split Silks Sequences Aerial Hammock Aerial Hammock Teacher Training Entrances Basic Moves Poses Belly & Leg Wraps Cupids Infinity Seat Crossbacks Drops Hammock Sequences Aerial Conditioning Testimonials FAQ / Help Aerial Skills Checklists Aerial Yoga Girl Aerial Classes Online