Linux Foundation - Decentralized innovation, built with trust Join us in Paris for KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe’s flagship conference REGISTER English Japan China Europe Sign In Search Join ABOUT About the LF Corporate Members Individual Supporters Leadership Diversity & Inclusivity Careers Brand Guidelines Contact Us PROJECTS View All Projects Host Your Project Partner Program Security Standards and Specifications Digital Trust Sustainability Management & Best Practices RESOURCES Blog Publications Open Source Guides Webinars Case Studies NEWSROOM Press Releases LF RESEARCH Latest Research Leadership & Advisory Board LF TRAINING Training Home Course Catalog Training Resources EVENTS Upcoming Events Sponsor Submit a Talk Code of conduct LFX PLATFORM LFX Home LFX Tools LFX Community Forum Create an LFX Account Join Follow Us My Account Log In English | Japan | China | Europe Decentralized innovation.Built on trust. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted hub for developers and organizations to code, manage, and scale open technology projects and ecosystems. Learn More 900 open source projects 3M+ developers trained 777K developers contributing code 51M lines of codeadded weekly 17K contributing organizations 70+ upcoming events Meet our members. Getting started is easy. Become a Member Supercharge the future of open technology. Shape the ecosystem, drive collaboration, and measure your contributions. Learn More Host a Project Enable your project to thrive in a neutral, trusted home, where we’ll help you scale your community with unmatched expertise, tools, and services. Learn More Explore our projects. Open Software Open Hardware Open Standards Open Data The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open software projects. See all open software projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open software projects. See all open software projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open hardware projects. See all open hardware projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open hardware projects. See all open hardware projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open standard projects. See all open standard projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open standards projects. See all open standards projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open data projects. See all open data projects. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open data projects. See all open data projects. See All Projects Management & Best Practices Discover the Linux Foundation projects and resources that accelerate open source strategy, management, and best practices. Learn more. Sustainability Discover how LF projects are contributing to the UN Sustainable Development Goals. Learn more. Digital Trust Discover LF projects enabling greater levels of trust in digital commerce and digital asset ecosystems. Learn more. THRIVE-ONE Free 10-day Trial! Whether you’re a student, early in your career, making a career change or advancing your skills with new, emerging technologies – we have everything you need. LEARN MORE Innovation happens here. KubeCon + CloudNativeConParis, FranceMarch 19-22, 2024The Cloud Native Computing Foundation’s flagship conference gathers adopters and technologists from leading open source and cloud native communities in Paris, France from 19-22 March, 2024. Join our CNCF Graduated and Incubating Projects as the community gathers for four days to further the education and advancement of cloud native computing. Learn More 2023 Open Source Generative AI Survey Report With the explosion in generative AI, the Linux Foundation wanted to understand how the technology is being adopted at an organization level and the benefits and challenges of an open source solution in comparison to closed source. Read Now The latest from the Linux Foundation NEWSROOM Announcement Linux Foundation, ISC2 and OpenSSF Collaborate to Target Secure Code Development Read more Blog A Spotlight at Security Efforts at the Linux Foundation Read the post Blog Strengthening Security: What You Need to Know About our New Vulnerability Reporting Policy Read more Stay Connected with the Linux Foundation ABOUT THE LINUX FOUNDATION The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted hub for developers to code, manage, and scale open technology projects. About the LF Leadership Careers Corporate Members Diversity & Inclusivity Brand Guidelines Contact Us Store PROJECTS View All Projects Host Your Project Security NEWSROOM Press Releases LF RESEARCH Latest Research Leadership & Advisory Board LFX PLATFORM LFX Home LFX Tools LFX Community Forum Create an LFX Account RESOURCES Blog Publications Open Source Guides Webinars Case Studies EVENTS Upcoming Events Sponsor an Event Submit a Talk Code of Conduct LF TRAINING Training Home Course Catalog Training Resources Copyright © 2024 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust Policy | Good Standing Policy | Generative AI Policy