American Marketing Association | AMA Skip to Content Skip to Footer Search AMA Login Join AMA Join the AMA Learning and Certification Find learning by topic Free learning resources for members Certification Training for teams Why learn with the AMA? Events Publications Marketing News Academic Journals Guides & eBooks Job Boards Marketing Job Board Academic Job Board About the AMA About AMA AMA Foundation Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Collegiate Resources Volunteer Awards and Scholarships Get Help Sponsorship Opportunities Strategic Partnerships Search AMA Icon image We noticed that you are using Internet Explorer 11 or older that is not support any longer. Please consider using an alternative such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, or Firefox. Dismiss notification The Essential Community for Marketers The AMA is a community of future marketers and dedicated professionals who work, teach and study in the field. Together we will advance the field of marketing. Explore Membership Training to Drive Growth Keeping pace with the shifting landscape of marketing is challenging. Change minds, improve lives and impact the world for good with training developed to sharpen your skills. Training On-Demand Shaping Future Leaders Volunteer opportunities support the growth of future leaders, equipping them with experience to create positive change in the world. Volunteering Undergrad Hub Bringing Marketers Together We’re the largest community-based marketing association in the world. Thousands gather and connect at our various community events throughout the year. Events Recognizing Marketing Visionaries Shining a light on the incredible work of academic, professional and undergraduate marketers through competitions, top-tier journals and hundreds of awards. Awards Undergrad Awards Job Boards Make a Contribution Explore Free Learning Volunteering With AMA Training AMA Training gives your career a momentum boost. You’ll be ready to take on any challenge that comes your way. Start learning Certification Gain confidence and prove you have the skills to make an impact by becoming a Professional Certified Marketer® GET STARTED Academic Journals The AMA is home to five industry-leading journals full of peer-reviewed research to advance our industry. SEE RESEARCH Events Project Management for Marketers February 13 $129 non-members | $99 members Mar 6 Virtual Conference: Customer Experience Mar 7 AMA Digital Marketing Copywriting – March (Sold Out!) Online | 6 Weeks | Small Group Learning Mar 7 How Digital Marketers Should Prepare for 3rd-Party Cookie Deprecation sponsor 1 This is a free webinar brought to you by ObservePoint Mar 12 Building a Marketing Analytics Framework Online | 2 Hours | Beginner All Upcoming Events News Stand Marketing News What is Email Marketing? A Guide for Beginners Email is one of the oldest and biggest digital communication channels, with a user base of over 4.3 billion people. It is also the most effective marketing channel, with an ROI of $36 for every dollar spent. As if that’s not enough, email marketing is 40 times more effective at customer acquisition than Facebook and […] Social Media Management Tools to Consider for 2024 Addressing the Rural Health Care Crisis: Pay Doctors to Travel from Urban Areas AMAZING, INCREDIBLE, SUPERB: How Influencers’ High-Arousal Language Can Boost—Or Hurt—Engagement How to Build a Social Media Marketing Strategy: 8 Simple Steps! Long Road Ahead for Broad Application and Understanding of AI in Marketing Five Ways Higher Ed CMOs Are Institutional Leaders Time to Abandon Null Hypothesis Significance Testing? Moving Beyond the Default Approach to Statistical Analysis and Reporting From Our Partners sponsor Article The Creator Journey™ 2024 Insights from LTK’s national shopper study. In this whitepaper, learn insights from LTK’s latest national study and reveal how Creators are disrupting the consumer journey and taking consumers from discovery to purchase in completely new and different ways. Gain insights from LTK national study and proprietary data identify new trends and marketing strategies to drive […] sponsor Article Pouring Passion into Profit. The Saint Joseph’s Connection Behind Viniamo’s Success Meet Brendan Papariello, a Saint Joseph’s University graduate with Entrepreneurship and Food Marketing degrees. Brendan’s journey is more than a success story; it’s a testament to the power of education and passion. Amid a global pandemic, Brendan co-founded Viniamo, a groundbreaking company connecting boutique, family-owned, and Italian wineries directly to American consumers. Viniamo acts as […] Article Unlocking Potential: Baptist Health’s CallRail Success Story Data-Driven Insights Inspire and Optimize Baptist Health’s Marketing Strategies Baptist Health, with six nationally accredited hospitals, over 200 specialized practices, and three distinct brands, faced the challenge of efficiently managing multiple campaigns. Learn how they successfully transitioned from their legacy call tracking system to CallRail, unlocking invaluable data-driven insights that revolutionized their marketing efforts. From […] Advertisement Resources Professional Maintaining Your PCM® Tools & Templates Volunteering Marketing News Jobs Academic ELMAR Academic Events SIGs Academic Articles Jobs Collegiate Collegiate Hub Competitions Collegiate Events Free Graduating Membership Awards & Scholarships “To the American Marketing Association, I extend my heartfelt thanks. Your commitment to providing such a wonderful event is commendable. This experience has rejuvenated my marketing strategy and revitalized my skills. My confidence has soared, and I now feel armed with cutting-edge strategies that will propel me to new heights in my company and career.” Parissa BurtonMarketing Manager | Brand StrategistLinkedIn | Instagram PREMIER PARTNERS Join AMA About AMA Contact Us Get Help Terms of Use Privacy Policy Code of Conduct FAQ Media Kit Certification Portal Toolkits Job Boards Marketing Services Search Strategic Partnerships Media facebook twitter linkedin © 2024 American Marketing Association. This site content may not be copied, reproduced, or redistributed without the prior written permission of the American Marketing Association or its affiliates. By continuing to use this site, you accept the use of cookies, pixels and other technology that allows us to understand our users better and offer you tailored content. You can learn more about our privacy policy here Got it Dismiss notification