National Eating Disorders Association- NEDA Get Help Shop DONATE Resources Get Involved Search Menu Menu Resources Get Involved About Us NEDAWalk NEDA Blog Research Ways to Give Search Menu Menu InstagramLinkedInYoutubeFacebook Hope Starts Here. The National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) is a leading eating disorders organization, and works to advance research, community building, and awareness to support the nearly 30 million people who will experience an eating disorder in their lifetimes. We work to realize a world that better understands and supports those who struggle with resources, compassion and hope. Whether you have been personally affected by an eating disorder or care about someone who has, NEDA’s programs and services are designed to help you find the help and support you need. Recovery is possible and we’re here to support you! Choose Your Journey I’m concerned about my eating.NEDA’s Eating Disorders Screening Tool, appropriate for ages 13 and up, can help determine if it’s time to seek professional help. Learn MoreI want to support a loved one.NEDA’s Grace Holland Cozine Resource Center provides critical knowledge to help support loved ones through their eating disorder recovery journey. Learn MoreI want to learn.NEDA’s Grace Holland Cozine Resource Center is the nation’s leading resource hub for eating disorders – connecting folks with a wealth of information and lived experiences. Learn More I’m looking for community.Through NEDA Walks, we are raising critical funds, restoring hope, and changing the conversation surrounding eating disorders. Learn More PreviousNext Receive our Newsletter Sign up to receive emails with updates, resources, and ways to get involved. Email National Eating Disorders Association is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit, EIN: 13-3444882 Resources | Get Involved | Get Help | About Us | NEDAWalk | NEDA Blog | News & Press | Ways to Give Press Information Newsletters National Eating Disorders Association is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit, EIN: 13-3444882 Contact Us Careers at NEDA © Copyright National Eating Disorders Association. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy © Copyright 2023 National Eating Disorders Association. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Scroll to top This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OKDo Not AcceptSettings Cookie and Privacy Settings How we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site. We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain. We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings. Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Click to enable/disable essential site cookies. Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Google Webfont Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. Google Map Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Maps. Google reCaptcha Settings: Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha. Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: Click to enable/disable video embeds. Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy Policy Accept settingsHide notification only Eating Disorders Awareness Week February 26-March 3, 2024 Join us! ×