The Smithsonian's Human Origins Program | The Smithsonian Institution's Human Origins Program Skip to main content Menu FAQ Support Our Work Search Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History The Smithsonian Institution's Human Origins Program Main Menu Human Evolution Research Climate and Human Evolution Climate Effects on Human Evolution Survival of the Adaptable Human Evolution Timeline Interactive East African Research Projects Olorgesailie Field Blog Olorgesailie Drilling Project Kanam, Kenya Kanjera, Kenya Ol Pejeta, Kenya Olorgesailie, Kenya Evolution of Human Innovation Adventures in the Rift Valley: Interactive Asian Research Projects 'Hobbits' on Flores, Indonesia Earliest Humans in China Bose, China Anthropocene: The Age of Humans Fossil Forensics: Interactive What's Hot in Human Origins? Digital Archive of Ungulate and Carnivore Dentition Human Evolution Evidence Behavior Primate Behavior Footprints Stone Tools Getting Food Carrying & Storing Hearths & Shelters Burial Recording Information Making Clothing Art & Music Human Fossils Species Fossils Mystery Skull Interactive Shanidar 3 - Neanderthal Skeleton 3D Collection Artifacts Fossils Primates Genetics One Species, Living Worldwide Human Skin Color Variation Ancient DNA and Neanderthals Dating Human Evolution Timeline Interactive Human Family Tree Snapshots in Time Human Characteristics Walking Upright Tools & Food Bodies Brains Social Life Language & Symbols Humans Change the World Education Introduction to Human Evolution Lesson Plans For College Students Fun Facts Human Origins Glossary Teaching Evolution through Human Examples Frequently Asked Questions Recommended Books Exhibit Exhibit Floorplan Exhibit Floorplan Interactive Print Floorplan PDF Reconstructions of Early Humans Human Origins Traveling Exhibit Human Origins Do it Yourself Exhibit Exhibit Field Trip Guide About Us Acknowledgments Events Human Origins Program Team Broader Social Impacts Committee What We Do Members & Member Resources Members Thoughts on Science, Religion & Human Origins (video) Science, Religion, Evolution and Creationism: Primer BSIC Public Event Videos and Audio Become Involved Products For Press Multimedia Slideshows Videos Audio Menu Anthropocene: The Age of Humans Interactive Timeline Digital Collection Adventures in the Rift Valley Support Our Work Hall of Human Origins What Does It Mean To Be Human? Submit Your Answer or Explore Others >> To be human means to evolve, adapt, survive, overcome, repeat - Darkstar is a Potato, Chennai, India Making awful decisions and convincing ourselves that everything is perfectly fine. - Sasha, Utah To be a member of the Homo genus, simple as that. Humans are so diverse these days, it's a wonder a new species hasn't arisen yet. - Bobby Johnson, Australia Ego. It means that I can explore spirituality and contemplate the meaning of life. I can text this response from my smart phone! - Miranda Evans, LaGrange, Georgia To be able to ask ourselves that very question. - Tim K. Robb, Antibes, France To have your own identity and idea and to control your emotions by using your mind. - ayat, Libya To be human is to have the ability to talk and have complicated emotions that animals cannot produce. - James, NC To be human is one of the greatest achievements in history. To how throughout history, the specie could survive and evolve into what we are now, it is totally amazing. Being able to react, think and be able to make decisions it incredible. - Elmo A Martinez, Puerto Rico Being human means to communicate socially with your peers using language and symbols to innovate as well as change the world day by day. - LHKAIA, MIDDLE SCHOOL OF PLAINVILLE, PLAINVILLE, CT Being human means you are expected to treat all others equally. We are all born humans, no more, no less. - Blaize H, Portland, OR A mammal that's born to be humans who have emotions and are able to interact with other people. - Rach, Julie, Joseph, Nick &amp; Anthony, Chapel Hill, North Carolina To be human means to be able to make mistakes, able to experience life, able to experience different challenges. To be human does not mean to be a perfect one. We are all unique in our own way, have our own flaws. But that's all a part of being human. - Alejandra and Shakiya, Georgetown Visit the Exhibit More Resources >> Featured Research View more Human Evolution Research >> 'Hobbits' on Flores, Indonesia New digs and geological dating in Liang Bua Cave, Indonesia, show that Homo floresiensis, nicknamed the “hobbit” for its small size, became extinct around 50,000 years ago – tens of thousands of years earlier than originally thought. For Teachers More Resources >> AP Biology Curriculum Materials Are you an AP Biology teacher? Click here for freely downloadable curriculum materials aligned to the AP learning objectives that use human case studies to teach core evolutionary principles and a resource to help teachers create a comfortable and supportive classroom environment for teaching evolution. Lesson Plans Comparison of Human and Chimp Chromosomes (Grades 9-12) Investigating Common Descent: Formulating Explanations and Models (Grades 9-12) Human Evolution: Religious Perspectives More Resources >> The Hall of Human Origins offers a welcoming place to explore one of the most exciting areas of science, the study of human evolution. Despite strong public interest in the science, however, many people find this topic troubling when viewed from a religious perspective. Representatives of diverse religious communities encourage a larger, more respectful understanding of both the scientific evidence and religious belief. Featured Media View all Multimedia >> How To Tell a Rock from a Stone Tool How can you tell if a rock is actually an early stone tool? Watch this video to find out. Designing the Exhibition This video takes you behind-the-scenes into the process of designing and building the Smithsonian's Hall of Human Origins. Fun Facts Chickens, chimpanzees, and you - what do they have in common? All modern humans are 99.9% similar to one another in the part of the human genome that codes for proteins. In equivalent areas of the genome, we are 98.8% genetically similar to chimpanzees, 75% genetically similar to chickens, and even 60% genetically similar to banana trees! Humans share large portions of our genome with other organisms due to similar basic functions across the animal kingdom. © Copyright Smithsonian Institution For Press Privacy Terms of Use About the Human Origins Initiative Contact Us Page Last Updated: July 21, 2022 Human Evolution Research Climate and Human Evolution Climate Effects on Human Evolution Survival of the Adaptable Human Evolution Timeline Interactive East African Research Projects Olorgesailie Field Blog 2011 Olorgesailie Dispatches 2004 Olorgesailie Dispatches 1999 Olorgesailie Dispatches Olorgesailie Drilling Project Kanam, Kenya Kanjera, Kenya Ol Pejeta, Kenya Olorgesailie, Kenya Evolution of Human Innovation Adventures in the Rift Valley: Interactive Asian Research Projects 'Hobbits' on Flores, Indonesia Earliest Humans in China Bose, China Anthropocene: The Age of Humans Fossil Forensics: Interactive What's Hot in Human Origins? Digital Archive of Ungulate and Carnivore Dentition Instructions Carnivore Dentition Ungulate Dentition Human Evolution Evidence Behavior Primate Behavior Footprints Footprints from Koobi Fora, Kenya Laetoli Footprint Trails Footprints from Engare Sero, Tanzania Stone Tools Early Stone Age Tools Hammerstone from Majuangou, China Handaxe and Tektites from Bose, China Handaxe from Europe Handaxe from India Oldowan Tools from Lokalalei, Kenya Olduvai Chopper Stone Tools from Majuangou, China Middle Stone Age Tools Later Stone Age Tools Burin from Laugerie Haute & Basse, Dordogne, France La Madeleine, Dordogne, France Getting Food Bone Tools Butchered Animal Bones from Gona, Ethiopia Katanda Bone Harpoon Point Oldest Wooden Spear Punctured Horse Shoulder Blade Stone Sickle Blades Projectile Point Carrying & Storing Oldest Pottery Pottery Fragment Hearths & Shelters Fire-Altered Stone Tools Terra Amata Shelter Burial Qafzeh: Oldest Intentional Burial Recording Information Assyrian Cylinder Seal Blombos Ocher Plaque Ishango Bone Making Clothing Bone Awls Bone and Ivory Needles Art & Music Figurines Carved Ivory Running Lion Female torso in ivory Ivory Horse Figurine Ivory Horse Sculpture Lady of Brassempouy Lion-Man Figurine Willendorf Venus Jewelry Ancient Shell Beads Carved Bone Disc Cro-Magnon Shell Bead Necklace Oldest Known Shell Beads Musical Instruments Ancient Flute Rock Art Ancient Pigments Apollo 11 Plaque Other Decorated Objects Carved antler baton with horses Geometric incised bone rectangle Tata Plaque Human Fossils Species Fossils Mystery Skull Interactive Shanidar 3 - Neanderthal Skeleton 3D Collection Artifacts Bison Figurine Carved Horse-Head Bead Carved Ivory Mammoth Cuneiform Clay Tablet Fired Clay Bison Fired Clay Venus from Dolni Vestonice Lespugue Venus Fossils Primates Genetics One Species, Living Worldwide Human Skin Color Variation Ancient DNA and Neanderthals Dating Human Evolution Timeline Interactive Human Family Tree Snapshots in Time Swartkrans, South Africa Olorgesailie, Kenya Shanidar, Iraq Human Characteristics Walking Upright Tools & Food Bodies Brains Social Life Language & Symbols Humans Change the World Education Introduction to Human Evolution Lesson Plans Nuts and bolts classification: Arbitrary or not? (Grades 6-8) Comparison of Human and Chimp Chromosomes (Grades 9-12) Hominid Cranial Comparison: The "Skulls" Lab (Grades 9-12) Investigating Common Descent: Formulating Explanations and Models (Grades 9-12) Fossil and Migration Patterns in Early Hominids (Grades 9-12) For College Students Fun Facts Why do we get goose bumps? Chickens, chimpanzees, and you - what do they have in common? Grandparents are unique to humans How strong are we? Humans are handy! Humans: the running ape Our big hungry brain! Our eyes say it! The early human tool kit The short-haired human! The “Nutcracker” What can lice tell us about human evolution? What does gut got to do with it? Why do paleoanthropologists love Lucy? Why do we have wisdom teeth? Human Origins Glossary Teaching Evolution through Human Examples Frequently Asked Questions Recommended Books Exhibit Exhibit Floorplan Exhibit Floorplan Interactive Print Floorplan PDF Reconstructions of Early Humans Human Origins Traveling Exhibit Chesterfield County Public Library Orange County Library Andover Public Library Ephrata Public Library Oelwein Public Library Cedar City Public Library Milpitas Library Spokane County Library Cottage Grove Public Library Pueblo City-County Library Springfield-Greene County Library Peoria Public Library Orion Township Public Library Skokie Public Library Wyckoff Free Public Library Tompkins County Public Library Otis Library Fletcher Free Library Bangor Public Library Human Origins Do it Yourself Exhibit Exhibit Field Trip Guide About Us Acknowledgments Events Human Origins Program Team Broader Social Impacts Committee What We Do Members & Member Resources Connie Bertka Jim Miller Betty Holley Nancy Howell Wes McCoy Lee Meadows Jamie L. Jensen David Orenstein Michael Tenneson Ilia Delio David Haberman Fred Edwords (Emeritus) Elliot Dorff (Emeritus) Francisca Cho (Emeritus) Peter F. Ryan (Emeritus) Mustansir Mir (Emeritus) Randy Isaac (Emeritus) Mary Evelyn Tucker (Emeritus) Wentzel van Huyssteen (Emeritus) Joe Watkins (Emeritus) Tom Weinandy (Emeritus) Leonisa Ardizzone Members Thoughts on Science, Religion & Human Origins (video) Science, Religion, Evolution and Creationism: Primer BSIC Public Event Videos and Audio The Evolution of Religious Belief: Seeking Deep Evolutionary Roots Laboring for Science, Laboring for Souls: Obstacles and Approaches to Teaching and Learning Evolution in the Southeastern United States Public Event : Religious Audiences and the Topic of Evolution: Lessons from the Classroom (video) Evolution and the Anthropocene: Science, Religion, and the Human Future Imagining the Human Future: Ethics for the Anthropocene Human Evolution and Religion: Questions and Conversations from the Hall of Human Origins I Came from Where? Approaching the Science of Human Origins from Religious Perspectives Religious Perspectives on the Science of Human Origins Become Involved Submit Your Response to "What Does It Mean To Be Human?" Volunteer Opportunities Submit Question Products "Shaping Humanity: How Science, Art, and Imagination Help Us Understand Our Origins" (book by John Gurche) What Does It Mean To Be Human? (book by Richard Potts and Chris Sloan) For Press Multimedia Slideshows Bronze Statues Reconstructed Faces Videos Audio FAQ Support Our Work