Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University About Admissions Academics Research Campus Life News & Events Give Menu Close Menu Vanderbilt University All Vanderbilt About This is Vanderbilt Quick Facts University Leadership Equity, Diversity & Inclusion History Contact A to Z Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional School Admissions Financial Aid Academics Program Finder Schools & Colleges Residential Colleges Study Abroad Libraries Strategic Plan Research Centers & Institutes Research News Undergraduate Research Graduate School Research VUMC Research Campus Life Housing & Dining Health & Safety Organizations & Identity Centers Athletics Our Hometown - Nashville News & Events Vanderbilt News Research News Vanderbilt Magazine Events Vanderbilt Founded in 1873, Vanderbilt is commemorating the people, places and programs that make up its rich history. Experience 150 Years of Vanderbilt Dare to Grow Explore the campaign to drive bold levels of growth. Quick Guide Prospective Undergrads Prospective Grad & Professional Current Students Faculty & Staff Job Seekers Alumni & Friends Undergraduate Admissions Financial Aid & Scholarships Academics Find Your Major Schools & Colleges Student Life Plan a Visit Undergraduate Research Athletics - Anchor Down! Our City - Nashville Diversity & Inclusion Residential Colleges Opportunity Vanderbilt is the university’s nationally renowned financial aid program that replaces student loans with grants and scholarships. Learn More Admissions Financial Aid Academics Schools & Colleges Find Your Program Research Athletics - Anchor Down! Our City - Nashville Diversity & Inclusion Graduate and Professional Housing Vanderbilt offers advanced degrees in medicine, engineering, social sciences, humanities, religion, education, law, nursing, business, and more. Find Your Program Housing and Residential Living Health, Safety, and Wellness Student Life and Involvement Undergraduate Education Resources Orientation and Transition Programs Money Matters Career Center Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Dean of Students Frequently Used Logins Experience Vanderbilt is a student-led initiative that provides undergraduate students with funding for extracurricular activities that have fees. Learn More Email Frequently Used Logins Faculty and Staff Directory MyVU News Benefits Faculty Gateway (Resources) Child and Family Center Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Health and Wellness Human Resources University Leadership Team The Well-Being Navigator engages employees through innovative programs that maximize health and happiness. Learn More Work at Vanderbilt Benefits and Perks Becoming a Commodore Our City - Nashville Quick Facts about Vanderbilt Open Staff Positions Open Faculty Positions Student Employment Open Postdoc Positions In addition to offering an energetic community that celebrates learning and diversity, Vanderbilt provides employees with comprehensive benefits. Learn More Alumni Programs and Resources Find Your Local Alumni Chapter Events Reunion/Homecoming Shop Commodores Gear Giving Campaign: Dare to Grow Ways to Give Parents and Family Program Volunteer On the day you were accepted to Vanderbilt you began a lifelong relationship with the university. Vanderbilt was committed to your success as a student then. It is equally committed to your continued success today. Stay connected. What Sets Us Apart Together we excel Collaborative ethos and competitive drive makes Vanderbilt the nation’s #13 ranked university. Collaborative ethos and competitive drive makes Vanderbilt the nation’s #13 ranked university. Acquire knowledge, not debt Benefit from financial aid that replaces student loans with grants and scholarships. Benefit from financial aid that replaces student loans with grants and scholarships. An immersive academic community Residential colleges are a distinct, communal approach to higher education. Residential colleges are a distinct, communal approach to higher education. The faculty attention you deserve You’ll thrive with our 7:1 student-to-highly-dedicated-faculty ratio. You’ll thrive with our 7:1 student-to-highly-dedicated-faculty ratio. The heart of Nashville A beautiful, intimate campus in a thriving and exciting 21st century city. A beautiful, intimate campus in a thriving and exciting 21st century city. Happy you're here We’re ranked #2 on Princeton Review’s list of happiest college students. We’re ranked #2 on Princeton Review’s list of happiest college students. Vanderbilt News Made for this Moment Stronger than at any other time in our history, we are positioned to do more than just meet the challenges of our times. We have what it takes to thrive and lead—to define and become the great university of this century. Read More Latest View all stories Events View more events Events on Demand Watch This In Focus Curing COVID The Vanderbilt Project on Unity & American Democracy Engineering & Technology Health & Medicine Education & Psychology Law, Business & Politics Life, Earth & Space Nashville & Community Society & Culture On Social Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube TikTok Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt is a private research university in Nashville, Tennessee. It offers more than 70 undergraduate majors and a full range of graduate and professional degrees across 10 schools and colleges, all on a beautiful campus—an accredited arboretum—complete with athletic facilities and state-of-the-art laboratories. Vanderbilt is optimized to inspire and nurture cross-disciplinary research that fosters discoveries that have global impact. University Leadership Residential Colleges Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Health and Safety Protocols Research@Vanderbilt Working at Vanderbilt Events Logins Campus Map Media Resources Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube TikTok Flickr Nashville, Tennessee 37240615-322-7311 • Contact Us Vanderbilt University’s Online Privacy Notice Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information. Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.) © 2024