Florida Keys & Key West | Travel & Vacation Planning Home Our Destinations Key West The southernmost city in the continental U.S., Key West is a unique blend of history, natural beauty, cultural diversity, intriguing events, vibrant arts and romantic appeal. The Lower Keys The tranquil Lower Keys are rich in natural beauty and feature a refuge for miniature Key deer, Looe Key’s vibrant coral reef, serene paddling spots and a laid-back lifestyle. Marathon Marathon features top-flight boating facilities, fishing, the iconic Seven Mile Bridge, waterfront restaurants, family-friendly nature attractions and wildlife care centers. Islamorada Famous as the “Sportfishing Capital of the World,” Islamorada is renowned for its angling diversity, arts scene, dining, shopping and historical and nature attractions. Key Largo Famed as a dive paradise, Key Largo is home to the first undersea park in the U.S., noted artificial reefs, pioneering coral restoration centers and lively waterfront hotspots. We’re Famous For... Diving & Snorkeling The 125-mile Florida Keys island chain is home to the continental United States' only living coral barrier reef. This teeming backbone of marine life runs the length of the Keys about five miles offshore and offers Florida Keys scuba diving vacation memories that last a lifetime. Fishing The 125-mile-long Florida Keys arc of islands creates a fishing environment unique in the world, and means a noteworthy catch is possible virtually any time of year. Arts & Culture The Florida Keys & Key West attract people interested in heritage and cultural tourism, exploring colorful art galleries and experiencing the vibrant arts community, with events ranging from an annual literary seminar to extensive music and theatrical offerings. Food & Drink Indigenous Florida Keys cuisine incorporates diverse and delicious influences with an abundant array of fish and seafood harvested from local waters. Local breweries and distilleries craft their offerings with the island lifestyle in mind. Most restaurants include Key lime pie on their menus, each with its own particular twist on the classic dessert. Weddings Stunning waterfront venues with the famed Florida Keys sunset as a backdrop, gorgeous garden and historic sites, professional wedding planners and vendors, and the area’s famed easygoing lifestyle all combine to make the Keys a favored wedding location for countless couples. Plan Your Vacation Places to Stay Things to Do Calendar of Events How to Get Here The Highway That Goes to Sea Families of All Ages LGBTQ+ Guide Pet-Friendly Travel Sustainable Travel Boating & On the Water Eco-Experience Trail Visitor Safety Travelers with Disabilities Weather Get to Know Us Keys News Keys Voices Blog Keys Traveler E-Newsletter Brochures & Newsletters Connect With Keys Life Crafted in the Florida Keys The Keys in Movies and TV Florida Keys Traveler Podcast Webcams & Videos Key West Webcams Lower Keys Webcams Marathon Webcams Islamorada Webcams Key Largo Webcams Water & Beach Views All Florida Keys Webcams Florida Keys Videos Our YouTube Channel Our TikToks Connect With Us Call Us at 1-800-FLA-KEYS E-mail Us a Question Download Our App Media Room LGBTQ+ Media Room Advertise On Our Site Travel Advisors Meeting Planners International Travelers Search Map of the Keys FloridaKeysTV Book Your Stay! Upcoming Events 79° Map Search Key West The Lower Keys Marathon Islamorada Key Largo Where in the Florida Keyswould you like to go? Tap one of our destinations to get started! Key West The Lower Keys Marathon Islamorada Key Largo Florida Keys News Key West Events to Honor Tennessee Williams on Island He Called Home For more than 30 years, internationally renowned playwright Tennessee Williams lived and wrote theatrical masterpieces in Key West. Fans can celebrate his extraordinary talent and life with a series of cultural events throughout March, the Pulitzer Prize winner’s birthday month. Continue More Florida Keys News Navy F-5s to Perform Jet Flyover March 9 at Marathon Seafood Festival Conch Shell Blowing Contest to Honor Florida Keys’ Conch Connection ‘Cultural Heritage Quest’ Offers Chance to Win a Florida Keys Getaway Musical Magic to Enliven the Keys Island Chain Key West’s Aquaplex to Debut Birdcage Cabaret with Christopher Peterson Show The Keys to a Better World! Sustainable Travel Visitors are encouraged to adopt a Keys state of mind focused on conserving and preserving the precious resources of the natural world. One Human Family The Florida Keys & Key West’s official One Human Family philosophy declares that all people are entitled to equal rights, dignity and respect. Stewards of the Keys "Stewards of the Keys" enrich their days with eco-activities, sharing their passion for protecting the island chain’s environment and way of life. Keys Featured Video Florida's Unspoiled Lower Keys Wherever you go in Florida's Lower Keys, you'll be close to pristine waters, unspoiled wilderness and an amazing variety of places to call home, including everything from cozy campsites and luxurious RV parks to charming inns and upscale hotels set amidst the rustic charm of Stock Island. More Videos 2024 Connections Project Blends Art and Music "Groundhog" Conch Sees its Shadow Key West - Your Gateway to a Whole New World Florida Keys Top 5 Activities Where to Dive in the Florida Keys & Key West Eco-Experience Trail Travel Advisors Meeting Planners International Travelers Call us toll-free at 1-800-FLA-KEYS E-mail us a question | Media Room Privacy policy | ADA website compliance | Site map © Monroe County Tourist Development Council. All rights reserved. Advertise on our site Digital marketing by Two Oceans Digital Close Key West The Lower Keys Marathon Islamorada Key Largo Close Search our site or Find places to stay Find things to do Find upcoming events Find wedding info Search our site Find places to stay Find things to do Find upcoming events Find wedding info Book Your Stay!