Instant Checkmate - People Search & Reverse Phone Lookup MENU Log in People Search Reverse Phone Lookup Criminal & Traffic Records Inmate Search Contact Log in Need Help?Visit Our Help Center Rated A+ By the BBB Rated A+ by the BBB " I am amazed by the results! " - David F., Real User Public Records Search Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Civil Judgments, Contact Information and Much More! Enjoy Unlimited Searches! First Name: Last Name: State: All States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Search Now This secure connection is confirmed Contact Information Location History Social Media Profiles Financial Assets Dating Websites Property Records Graphic Photos Court Records Birth and Death Records Possible Relatives Education History Employment History people love what they uncover Proud to Have Over 70,000 5-Star Reviews Based on ratings from actual Instant Checkmate reports. "I found my friend who I've been looking for for 10 years. Awesome!" -Salena P. "I was able to find an old friend who I haven't seen in decades. All the info was correct. Thank you!" -Shirley P. "I believe I just located a former military friend, the last of seven and the only one not in contact with. Thanks." -Troy O. "This site is great for locating old friends!" -Carole M. "For 15 years a close friend disappeared, I was starting to think they were dead. Thank you for putting my fears to bed!" -Sheriff W. "I found the family of a dear friend who passed away. I can now notify the family. Thank you Instant Checkmate, I am truly grateful that this service exists." -Nancy E. Questions and Member Care Help Center Contact Us Regular Hours: Open Monday - Friday 7:00am to 4:00pm PST* (10:00am - 7:00pm EST) *Holiday Hours Vary LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Pinterest YouTube App Download Search on Instant Checkmate People Search Reverse Phone Lookup Criminal & Traffic Records Database Inmate Search About Instant Checkmate About Instant Checkmate Sample Report FAQs Pricing Instant Checkmate Reviews Help Articles Login to Instant Checkmate Do's and Don'ts Contact Us Instant Checkmate Resources Privacy Policy Terms of Use - Updated Instant Checkmate Mobile App (Android) Crimewire Blog Dialed-In Blog Glossary Become an Affiliate Limited License for Services DMCA Cancel Membership Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Exercise My Data Privacy Rights Site Map US Search Pro DISCLAIMER: You may not use our service to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance. Instant Checkmate does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. (These terms have special meanings under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, ("FCRA"), which we incorporate here.) The information available may not be 100% accurate, complete, or up to date, so do not use it as a substitute for your own due diligence, especially if you have concerns about a person's criminal history. Instant Checkmate does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy of our website or about the character or integrity of the person about whom you inquire. Please review Instant Checkmate Terms of Use. Cloudflare, the Cloudflare logo, and Cloudflare Workers are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Cloudflare, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions. Copyright © 2024 INSTANT CHECKMATE LLC All Rights Reserved. This website uses cookies This site uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our privacy policy. I agree I disagree Learn more Notice Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool. Instant Checkmate does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. We provide information (criminal record, address, phone number, property, civil judgment, and more) that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about people in your life. To use our site you must certify below by selecting "I Agree" that you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and will NOT use our site or the information we provide: (1) to make decisions about or in connection with hiring, promoting, reassigning, or continuing to employ any person, including current or potential volunteers and household employees such as childcare workers, contractors, or home health aides; (2) to make decisions about or in connection with renting or selling a house, apartment, or other residential property to any person; (3) to make decisions about or in connection with lending money or extending credit to any person; (4) in connection with the underwriting of insurance; (5) for any purpose related to any eligibility determination about a person; or (6) for any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance. I Agree Please Select Gender This helps us narrow down our results Male Female NEXT Skip