Free Broken Link Checker - Online Dead Link Checking Tool Online Broken Link Checker Follow us on Contact us Summary of the features - Checks your websites and blogs for dead links - Can scan an unlimited number of web-pages* - Tests both internal and external / outbound URLs - Displays the location of bad links in your HTML - Shows HTTP error codes (404, etc.) for reported URLs - Runs on Windows, Mac OS, Linux, Android, and iOS * The free version has a 3000-page limit, however, there are no limits on the number of hyperlinks within those webpages! Free Check for broken links Enter your URL below (e.g. www.example.com) by entering your URL you agree to these Terms & Conditions Find broken links This service has been named One of the Best Web Tools as per WebHostingSearch.com! They commended: Find and fix problems the easy way! This free Link Checker not just validates your site and tells you which web references on your pages are dead, but it will also show to you where exactly those stale hyperlinks locate in your HTML code, highlighting problematic tags. This unique feature makes our web domain checking service stand out among other available problem detection tools - by making it so easy for webmasters to find bad URLs and clean them up in no time.It's never been so easy to locate and fix dead weblinks! Our on-line website validation tool reports only things that are really broken - unlike other popular solutions that list both good and bad hyperlinks all mixed together, making it very hard to comprehend and work with such "noisy" information. Also, this linking problem finder analyses the entire site - its web-content as a whole, keeps track of issues already reported, and doesn't repeat the same invalid URL unless you ask about it specifically: this free URL Checker tool is very flexible! Why having broken links is so bad? 404 and similar errors on websites are not just annoying – those may cause some real damage to your online business as well as to your reputation in the Internet! Because of dead hyperlinks, a web-site may: Lose some of the existing client base (current users sooner or later will get frustrated enough with Page Not Found messages to never come back) Get problems with acquiring new customers (because of the dead weblinks people simply won't be finding things/pages they are looking for). Damage your reputation online (most visitors consider errors like that to be a sign of laziness and disrespect to them) Negatively impact your website ranking with major search engines like Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc. All that presents an issue so serious that people sometimes say "link rot" referring to it: as you may already know, "rotten" weblink is just another name for the same "dead URL" thing. What is the nature of invalid hyperlinks? With the growth of web content, it's getting harder and harder to manage relations between individual webpages and keep track of weblinks within the site. Unfortunately, there are no perfect website integrity tools or services that can check and enforce a proper relationship between pages, keep records of moved content / renamed webpages / subdomains added, and update each corresponding URL automatically. With time this causes some of your internal links to become obsolete, stale, odd, dangling, and simply - dead because they don't lead to valid resources anymore. Modern content management systems (CMS like WordPress and Joomla) and blog software may aggravate the problem even more - by replicating the same internal broken links across numerous webpages which they generate dynamically so that people will see 'Page Not Found' messages much more frequently. Your visitors will encounter 404 error codes or other unsuccessful HTTP responses when trying to access those missing resources. With outbound references, the situation is even worse: the web-site you are linking to can change names and locations of their pages any time without any notice breaking previously working backlinks. Those external servers can be brought down (temporarily or forever) or their domains expire or be sold. Alas, you don't have any control over such things, so the only good remedy would be performing regular sanity tests probing every single outgoing reference making sure it's still alive and NOT pointing at some non-existing content. Why you need our online Link Checker Due to lack of adequate problem detection tools (aka URL validators, web spiders, HTML crawlers, website's health analyzers, etc.), it's very hard to identify what exact local and external (outbound) hyperlinks became dead returning 404 responses. It's even harder to fix those because for cleaning, you need to know the precise location of the broken linking tag in the HTML markup: without that, you will need to scan through thousands of source lines to find the exact HREF (or another subtag) in your code that causes the problem. This is exactly where our On-line Spider tool truly shines: it will crawl your entire site - check all pages searching for issues and will detect invalid webpage references on your website, telling you precisely where to fix those! For each bad hyperlink found (both internal and outgoing) you will see a screen that contains page source and highlights the actual HTML tag containing the non-working url, so you can correct the rot right away and eventually repair your blog very quickly. That way your customers won't be annoyed with 'Page Not Found' errors anymore when clicking your weblinks. As 100% online tool running in the Internet, our free Website Scanner & Problem Detector can be used on any computer - Mac, PC, notebook / laptop / tablet, or even on a mobile device / smartphone, and with any Operating System - Microsoft Windows, MacOS, Apple iOS, Android, Linux, or UNIX. No software download is required! Our deep Dead Link Checker can be used in all popular browsers, including (but not limited to) Chrome, Firefox, Safari, MS Edge, Opera, and IE. All this makes this analyzer a true cross-platform SEO tool always ready for your use! Because of that, thousands of web-developers, QA specialists, and webmasters utilize our validator for testing their internet projects and fixing problems - to quickly detect broken links and resolve the issues found. Moreover, our HTTP server spider is capable of crawling and checking any website no matter if it's coded by hand - with pure HTML / XHTML, or is based on PHP, ASP, JSP, Cold Fusion or is built using Drupal, HubSpot, Wix, Joomla!, WordPress, Magento, Blogger, TYPO3, or any other CMS and e-Commerce platforms. More cool & free features are coming soon including higher limits, MS Excel export, bulk submission / processing multiple domains simultaneously, incorporating AI, and for SEO experts - more configurable parameters. There is also a no-limit commercial version of this online Link Checking Tool available that allows on-demand scanning without the limitations of this free demo edition. In addition, it's able to: validate sites of any size - large or even huge (it's not unlimited per se, but the page limit can be set as high as required), scan individual sub-folders (URLs with slashes) and sub-domains, test references to images, PDF files, documents, and other resources, provide advanced reporting layouts with column sorting and filtering, get results exported in CSV format compatible with Excel and any other spreadsheet applications, produce detailed redirect stats, facilitate scheduled runs with delivery by email, send automated reports to multiple email recipients - daily, weekly, monthly, etc. Analysis of freshly published articles using RSS and ATOM feeds is available as well. For details, please contact us anytime. Our featured customers: see more clients Testimonials: "We love your Online Broken Link Checker! It was a true lifesaver in our migration efforts." Alex, US "Thanks for your free software... Corrected a hundred of bad URLs and 404 errors!" Sylvain, France "This tool is great!" Robin, Canada "Great service guys, a real life saver!" Steve, UK "A very useful report!" Petra, Germany "Your site is great and very user friendly. The best online link checker I've come across. Keep it up." Jonathan, South Africa "Just wanted to let you know how very much I appreciate your service! I was incredibly happy to come across it today and it helped me immensely." Debra, Canada "Thank you for your site and your software, that is great and very useful!" Hugo, Brazil "Thanks so much for this fantastic free ... invaluable addition to any web developer's bag of tricks." Keshav, US "Congratulations. I found your checker to be the best one yet." Stephen, US "BIG thank you for such great tool." Susan, New Zealand "These reports have been helpful in avoiding oversights/errors on our website." Tim, UK "Thanks so much for your great little tool! ... it REALLY stands out from other such tools on the internet." Demii, Australia "I'm finding your broken link checker extremely useful. Thank you for making it available! " Clotilde, France "Many thanks for the excellent service!!!" Elena, Russia "...The fact that you donate a bit to help volunteer websites is admirable. Great job! " Jim, US "By far the best broken link checker that I have found! It appears to go recursively through my blog, and is very accurate. Thanks!" Greg, US "Just want to say how much delighted I am with your free services." Sonja, Croatia "I would recommend this tool to use for SEO hopefuls and experts." The prophet, US "Many thanks and congratulations for this excellent service." Jose, Columbia "We just want to say THANK YOU for providing your brokenlinkchecker to us." Peter, US "You run a super website with this fantastic tool saving us buckets of time." Arthur, Switzerland "Just want to say THANK YOU very much. Excellent program." Bydewey, Canada "I am really fond of your tool." Nuffic.com Webmaster, NL "I appreciate that your report did not include all the noise I see when [other tool] runs on my site. " Amalia, US "I am very impressed with your checker. " Neha, UK "Thank you for providing us with this excellent tool! It's the only one I've found that actually discovers broken links, then TELLS YOU WHERE TO FIND THEM. I can't thank you enough for giving us this excellent tool for free... " Wendy, US "I came across your site and found it very helpful, thanks for providing such a convenient tool. " Sunny, Canada "How are you giving this for free ???" :) Kamala, India BrokenLinkCheck.com is a free online web-site validator / integrity checker / problem detection tool that can check your web-pages for dead links, validate, find, and report broken hyperlinks if any found. By using this BrokenLinkCheck website and its services you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of this website. You may not use brokenlinkcheck.com checker and its other services if you do not accept the terms. Copyright © 2010-2024, Brokenlinkcheck.com | send us your feedback