Upload and Share Documents Presentations Online - SlideServe Browse Recent Presentations Recent Stories Content Topics Updated Contents Featured Contents PowerPoint Templates Create Presentation Article Survey Quiz Lead-form E-Book Presentation Creator Pro Upload Upload and Share Presentations Documents E-Books Videos Infographics Online All in one marketing tool for your digital content Top on SlideServe CPAC 2024 Stars of the right wing converge on the Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, Maryland. Berlin Film Festival 2024 Highlights from the Berlin International Film Festival. Memorable moments from Super Bowl LVIII Patrick Mahomes threw a touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime to give the Kansas City Chiefs a 25-22 win over the San Francisco 49ers in a 'Sin City' Super Bowl thriller, cementing their status as an NFL dynasty. Create Presentation Create Article Create Survey Create Quiz Create Lead-form Create E-Book Trending Contents Style from the 'Dune: Part Two' red carpet The star-studded cast of "Dune: Part Two," the second installment of the sci-fi epic featuring Timothee Chalamet and Zendaya, rolled into London for the movie's world premiere. lealbrunelle • 1193 views War of the oranges Members of rival teams battle it out in a war with oranges during the annual carnival in the northern Italian town of Ivrea. evanbraden • 1214 views World Aquatics Championships 2024 Striking images from the World Aquatics Championships in Doha, Qatar. ring • 1067 views Police fire tear gas at protesting Indian farmers Police fired tear gas and water cannons to scatter thousands of farmers trying to stage a protest march to Delhi after they rejected a government offer on prices for their produce, prompting an offer of fresh talks. joshuasoares • 1750 views Memorable Super Bowl halftime shows Unforgettable Super Bowl halftime performances. spiridon • 819 views Style and backstage scenes from New York Fashion Week Backstage and collection highlights at New York Fashion Week. gafnastearns • 1568 views Grammys 2024 Red Carpet Fashion highlights from the 2024 Grammy Awards red carpet. farand • 1521 views Orthodox Epiphany celebrations People celebrate the Orthodox Christian feast of Epiphany, commemorating the baptism of Jesus. aronleonardi • 1257 views Improve your Content Marketing with SlideServe All in one marketing tool for your digital content SlideServe is a global hub of professional content ranging from highly informative presentations & documents to mind-blowing presentation creation tools, lead forms, Interactive Quizzes, etc. SlideServe - a free service used by millions of visually minded people to host their presentations and allows them to view, share, and download presentations. Corporates can use SlideServe to archive their presentations/documents as well as promote their brand contents. SlideServe also comes with its own simple and easy to use presentation creation tool where you can create visually appealing slides in a few clicks. Over 15 Million Uploads 80% Visitors from Targeted Search 30 Million Unique visitors per month Explore Featured Topics View All Sports / Games Arts / Culture Automobile / Transport Education / Career Travel / Places Entertainment / Media Featured Contents View All Unrest in Haiti over widespread fuel shortages Demonstrators blocked streets of Port-au-Prince with rocks and tree branches, and burned tires to protest widespread fuel shortages. lannymallow • 1496 views Broadway's 'Phantom of the Opera' plots a cautious return After 18 months of pandemic limbo, castmates are singing and dancing again as they rehearse for the return of "Phantom of the Opera," Broadway's longest-running show. bebekeller • 2736 views Halloween gone to the dogs Man's best friend dresses up in costume for the 31st Annual Tompkins Square Halloween Dog Parade in New York. deniz • 2129 views Giant 'Squid Game' doll appears in Seoul park An imitation of a giant doll from 'Squid Game' surfaces at a Seoul park, giving fans and curious onlookers a chance to experience a bit of what it feels like being on Netflix s mega-hit show. merrillebeau • 2208 views Atalanta Braves win World Series The Atlanta Braves won Major League Baseball's World Series for the first time since 1995 after a 7-0 win over the Houston Astros in Game Six. axton • 1863 views Alien world under Austria's doomed glaciers tells tale of their collapse Scientists are venturing inside otherworldly ice caves growing beneath Austria's doomed glaciers to study why they are melting even faster than expected, and understand the fate that will befall glaciers elsewhere if climate change is not halted. reillygraves • 1614 views Gucci takes over Hollywood Boulevard Gucci takes over Hollywood Blvd with its Love Parade fashion show in Los Angeles. brockgaskins • 2471 views Celebrating Diwali, festival of lights Hindus around the world celebrate the festival of lights. esmond • 1844 views NYC Marathon returns after pandemic hiatus Runners make their way through all five boroughs during the New York City marathon. thaddeaus • 2391 views Lady Gaga and cast at 'House of Gucci' premiere UK premiere of the film 'House of Gucci' at Leicester Square in London. linwood • 1513 views Best of the CMA Awards 2021 Highlights from the annual Country Music Association Awards in Nashville. blaxton • 2118 views Stars hit the red carpet for opening night of AFI Fest Stars hit the red carpet at the American Film Institute's festival in Los Angeles. reysundstrom • 1822 views 2021 MTV Europe Music Awards returns to live format MTV's Europe Music Awards returned as an in-person event after a virtual 2020 edition due to the pandemic. midasstrauch • 1840 views Best of the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony 2022 Highlights from the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics opening ceremony. janinagilpin • 2690 views Aboard the USS Harry S. Truman The Truman strike group is operating under NATO command and control along with several other NATO allies for coordinated maritime manoeuvres, anti-submarine warfare training and long-range training. nirvelli • 1770 views Thousands attend funeral for slain NYPD officer Images from the funeral of NYPD officer Wilbert Mora, killed in the line of duty while responding to a domestic violence call, in New York City. dulceahyatt • 1327 views Horse struts catwalk at Chanel's Paris Haute Couture show French fashion house Chanel shook up conventions by sending a horse out onto the catwalk at its Haute Couture show in Paris. The animal was ridden by Charlotte Casiraghi, a niece of Prince Albert of Monaco and a competitive show jumper who is also a Chanel brand ambassador. parveen • 2233 views International Holocaust Remembrance Day Solemn scenes of remembrance from around the world on the 77th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. persia • 1524 views Best of the Australian Open Highlights from the tennis tournament in Melbourne. lindsaybonet • 1673 views COVID dampens Lunar New Year celebrations The Year of the Tiger begins amid curbs on holiday gatherings, travel restrictions and fears over new coronavirus variants in some countries. fabianagrays • 2015 views Top SlideServe Influencers English Français About Privacy DMCA Blog Contact © 2024 SlideServe. All rights reserved