Epthinktank | European Parliament HOME PUBLICATIONS BLOG GRAPHICS WAREHOUSE SCRUTINY TOOLBOX ABOUT HOME PUBLICATIONS BLOG GRAPHICS WAREHOUSE SCRUTINY TOOLBOX ABOUT By Members' Research Service BLOG Women in politics in the 2024 election year Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS Seventy years of transnational political groups in the European Parliament: Origins and trajectories Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS EU-UK cooperation on migration and asylum Featured Posts By EAVA PUBLICATIONS Ten ways that Europe could do more for you – Mapping the cost of non-Europe By Members' Research Service Economic and Social Policies, EU Financing / Budgetary Affairs, Institutional and Legal Affairs, International Relations, PUBLICATIONS, Structural and Cohesion Policies Ten issues to watch in 2024 [Policy Podcast] EU budget 2024 Food security in 2023: EU response to an evolving crisis European Parliament: Facts and Figures National Recovery and Resilience Plans: Latest state of play EU recovery package EU climate action policy: Responding to the global emergency Latest media By Members' Research Service Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS Seventy years of transnational political groups in the European Parliament: Origins and trajectories By Scientific Foresight (STOA) Economic and Social Policies, PUBLICATIONS Analysis exploring risks and opportunities linked to the use of collaborative industrial robots in Europe [Science and Technology Podcast] European Parliament Plenary Session – January I 2024 Enlargement policy: Reforms and challenges ahead [Policy Podcast] The European Parliament and the European citizen as voter EU-New Zealand free trade agreement – Strengthened ties between like-minded partners [International Agreements in Progress] Combating corruption in the European Union [Policy Podcast] European Parliament Plenary Session – December 2023 Publications By Members' Research Service Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS Seventy years of transnational political groups in the European Parliament: Origins and trajectories By Members' Research Service EU-UK cooperation on migration and asylum By Members' Research Service Plenary round-up – February II 2024 Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 week ago The European Parliament, its powers, and the 1979 European elections Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 week ago People with disabilities and the European elections International Relations, PUBLICATIONS 2 weeks ago European defence, strategic autonomy and NATO [What Think Tanks are thinking] PUBLICATIONS 2 weeks ago Ten ways that Europe could do more for you – Mapping the cost of non-Europe International Relations, PUBLICATIONS, Structural and Cohesion Policies 2 weeks ago Ukraine: Military state of play – February 2024 Eu legislation in progress By Members' Research Service Economic and Social Policies, PUBLICATIONS Package travel and linked travel arrangements: Improving protection for travellers [EU Legislation in Progress] By Members' Research Service Forest reproductive material [EU Legislation in Progress] By Members' Research Service Alternative dispute resolution [EU Legislation in Progress] Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 month ago Compulsory licensing of patents for crisis management [EU Legislation in Progress] Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 month ago The European disability card and European parking card [EU Legislation in Progress] Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 month ago Recast of Directive 2003/109/EC: Status of third-country nationals who are long term residents in the EU [EU Legislation in Progress] Economic and Social Policies, PUBLICATIONS 1 month ago Soil monitoring and resilience directive [EU Legislation in Progress] Institutional and Legal Affairs, PUBLICATIONS 1 month ago Newly proposed rules to strengthen GDPR enforcement in cross-border cases [EU Legislation in Progress] European elections 2024 By Members' Research Service BLOG Women in politics in the 2024 election year By European Parliamentary Research Service BLOG 100 days to EU elections The European Parliament, its powers, and the 1979 European elections People with disabilities and the European elections Ten ways that Europe could do more for you – Mapping the cost of non-Europe European elections 2024: Rules of a pan-European democratic event Parliament’s powers: Designating the seats of EU decentralised agencies Ten issues to watch in 2024 [Policy Podcast] Russia's war on Ukraine By Members' Research Service International Relations, PUBLICATIONS, Structural and Cohesion Policies Ukraine: Military state of play – February 2024 By Members' Research Service International Relations, PUBLICATIONS, Structural and Cohesion Policies European Peace Facility: Continued EU military assistance to Ukraine Latest on Russia’s war on Ukraine [What Think Tanks are thinking] EU-Ukraine 2035 – Foresight beyond the war Latest on Russia’s war on Ukraine [What Think Tanks are thinking] Outlook for the meetings of EU leaders, 26-27 October 2023 EU sanctions on Russia: Update, economic impact and outlook Ukrainian grain: Understanding the import bans Social Media LinkedIn EPRS LinkedIn page 0 Twitter EPRS Twitter account 0 YouTube EPRS YouTube channel 0 Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Subscribe Join 4,091 other subscribers Terms and conditions The content of all documents (and articles) contained in this blog is the sole responsibility of the author and any opinions expressed therein do not necessarily represent the official position of the European Parliament. It is addressed to the Members and staff of the EP for their parliamentary work. Reproduction and translation for non-commercial purposes are authorised, provided the source is acknowledged and the European Parliament is given prior notice and sent a copy. For a comprehensive description of our cookie and data protection policies, please visit Terms and Conditions page. Copyright © European Union, 2014-2024. All rights reserved. We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using in settings. Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Settings Close GDPR Cookie Banner Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website Change cookie settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Cookie Policy Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Cookie Policy More information about our Cookie Policy. The present website is hosted by WordPress.com, a service by Automattic. Automattic is a global company with thousands of servers located in several separate data centres around the world. While Automattic takes care of the security of the platform, we, the European Parliamentary Research Service, own the content of the blog. For more detailed information about the compliance of Automattic products and services with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please see their dedicated page. Data collected We do not collect any personal data that could identify an individual user. The users that are registered in WordPress.com should consult wordpress.com terms of service. We do collect anonymised aggregate data for statistical purposes. The data collected for this purposes include: number of visits/visitors per page, the country of the user, and aggregate numbers of incoming and outgoing clicks. We determine unique page counts by using a “hashed” version of the visitor’s IP address. The visitor’s full IP address is deleted from our logs after a little over a month. That timeframe is how long the data is needed in order to allow us to calculate your stats on a monthly basis and no longer. We collect your email address only if you proactively requested to be notified about the updates on the blog. You can always contact us to remove your email address from our records or unsubscribe from the notification service. We can also see your name and email address if you made a comment to one of our posts. We do not make the email address visible on the comment. Nevertheless, on request, we can delete your comments. Cookies We collect cookies only to facilitate your browsing experience, such as enabling you to share our posts via social media or comment on the post. The majority of cookies will be used only if you are a registered WordPress.com user. In this case, you are bound to WordPress.com terms of service. Some pages embed content from third parties. In this case, you will need to actively consent to their terms in order to see the content. We do not collect cookies to show advertisement nor resell any information collected with cookies to third parties. Read more about the wordpress.com cookie policy and the way to control cookies on their dedicated page. Enable All Save Changes