Lifesize | Omnichannel Contact Center. Video Conferencing Solutions. Skip to content +1 512-347-9300 Join a Meeting Partner Login Support Select LanguageCzechDutchEnglishFinnishFrenchGermanItalianJapaneseKoreanNorwegianPolishPortugueseSpanishSwedish Products Solutions Pricing & Plans Company Omnichannel Contact Center CxEngage by Serenova CxConcierge Video-Enabled Customer Experiences Reporting, Analytics & Performance Workforce Engagement Integrations App Store Video Conferencing Solutions Lifesize Video Conferencing Meeting Room Solutions Lifesize Connect Plus+ Multi-App Room Solution (MARS) Integrations Hardware Accessories FEATURED ARTICLES Lifesize Spring 2021 Suite Release: Preparing Customers for the World of Hybrid Work Introducing Lifesize Connect: Expanding Video Conferencing Horizons for the Way You Hybrid Work By Need Hybrid Work Give your enterprise the resilience, agility and flexibility it needs. Modernize Your Contact Center Digital transformation is happening in the cloud. Communications Interoperability Deliver seamless collaboration across your organization. By Industry Healthcare Financial Services Education FEATURED ARTICLES The Human Enterprise: Building the Capacity for Hybrid Work The Human Enterprise: Enabling Collaboration Through Interoperability About About News & Press RESOURCES Blog Case Studies Community Support Sign In FEATURED Lifesize Announces Sweeping Enhancements to Suite of Cloud Contact Center and Meeting Solutions Lifesize Recognized in the 2021 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Workforce Engagement Management Contact Us Explore Our Pricing Join a Meeting Partner Login Support Contact Us Explore Our Pricing Keeping Us Connected Omnichannel Contact Center&Video Conferencing Solutions Enghouse Systems Completes Lifesize Acquisition. With Enghouse and Lifesize joining forces, businesses utilizing the combined technologies can provide seamless collaboration and superior customer experiences. Read the press release. Video Conferencing Contact Center Simple, secure and scalable Video Connections. Human Interactions. Omnichannel Contact Center Omnichannel Contact Center Reach your customers like never before with CxEngage by Serenova, our omnichannel, cloud contact center solution. A cloud contact center solution designed to help businesses create an omnichannel customer experience that seamlessly supports audio, email, chat, text, social, AI, and video. CxEngage’s cloud contact center solution allows your agents to connect with your customers wherever, whenever, through whatever channel best suits their needs. Learn more “Effective communication is critical to delivering exceptional customer care and resolving issues quickly.” Michael Pace, Director of Global Member Services Video Conferencing Solutions Video Conferencing Solutions The Lifesize Icon and Lifesize Cloud, video conferencing solutions that are larger than life. Keep connected whether your business is in-person, remote, or hybrid with Lifesize. Our video conferencing solutions allow you to upgrade your conference room to support video calls from Microsoft Teams®, Zoom®, Cisco Webex®, Google Meet™, and more. Create virtual conference rooms tailor-made to support communication and collaboration remotely via Lifesize Cloud. Learn more "Without a solution like Lifesize, it would be impossible for us to continue operating and communicating on the level we need to continue thriving in what is a very difficult time for businesses." Joe Steele, Head of Workplace Technology Virtual Concierge Virtual Concierge CxConcierge, the future of live customer service Deliver instant video connections from your organization’s self-service platform to help address your customers’ needs with interactive engagement that helps improve first-call resolution rates while lowering operational costs for live support. Learn more , Improved Virtual Customer Experience Starling Bank’s Business Thrives with Lifesize Video Conferencing As a bank without any physical branches, Starling Bank depends exclusively on its technology. They needed a video conferencing solution that could support not only their in-office meeting room needs but their network of over 2.7 million customers. Starling’s Head of Workplace Technology, Joe Steele, needed a single, unified video conferencing solution. “I decided we needed a single product which we could stick with long-term that integrated with our other systems, was easy to deploy into meeting rooms and had a consistent user experience regardless of device.” Lifesize’s secure video conferencing solutions stood out for several reasons: price, usability, scalability, integration with Starling’s existing software, and customer support. Read the Case Study An Omnichannel Telehealth Solution Virgin Pulse’s Award-Winning Omnichannel Contact Center From Care Management and Coaching to Employee Health and Wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is empowering people to lead happier and healthier lives by engaging them in personal, rewarding ways throughout their health and wellbeing journeys. “The relationships we’ve had with Lifesize have been incredible in terms of working with our customer success team about what we want to do with this system and how we build it out.” Since implementing CxEngage by Serenova in 2019, Virgin Pulse has been utilizing their omnichannel contact center solution to expand their team and increase their efficiency across all channels by leveraging CxEngage’s advanced reporting and bring your own telephony (BYOT). Going from an in-person contact center to a cloud contact center was effortless, with minimal hiccups in a matter of days. Watch the Interview Supporting the Hybrid Workplace Hybrid Workplaces. Telecommuting Trends. Managing Remote Teams. Our video conferencing platform and omnichannel contact center solution are designed to meet the changing face of work. We make remote workforce management easy, enabling businesses to create the best hybrid working models for their employees to seamlessly and consistently operate at home or in the office across any: Meeting Room Video Meeting Platform Contact Center Customer Experience Explore hybrid work solutions Why Lifesize? Communications that help organizations thrive. Our intuitive, customizable cloud contact center software and video meeting solutions provide secure, scalable and delightful work experiences that help you achieve your organizational goals – whatever they may be. Trusted and secure Better business outcomes Happier, more productive workplaces See how we stack up G2 “An extraordinary video solution for coworkers and teammates.” See how we stack up See how we stack up Capterra “Video conferencing software/hardware at its best.” See how we stack up See how we stack up Gartner Peer Insights “Very happy with the implementation in our contact center.” See how we stack up Tens of thousands of businesses around the world communicate with Lifesize Lifesize Solutions Make the future of work effortless. We bring over a decade of know-how to deliver trusted cloud contact center and video meeting solutions that help your business run smoothly today — and tomorrow. See what we can do Hybrid Work Meet the changing, diverse requirements of hybrid work from any meeting room, workspace, home office or wherever your employees and customers need to be. Healthcare Extend the reach of patient care and support different modalities with customizable solutions that help you thrive. Modernize Your Contact Center Deliver consistent agent experience and customer engagement that will differentiate your brand. Financial Services Cultivate genuine, trusted relationships with clients and support your different service offerings. Communications Interoperability Connect with different information systems, devices and apps to drive seamless communication across your organization and with the outside world. Professional Services Create, discover and innovate with cutting-edge communications technology that matches your pace. Work better with the latest trends and tips. Best Practices Workforce Management Guide for Contact Center Leaders (& Why it’s Important) There are two constants in the contact center. Customer expectations are evolving, and contact center leaders… Learn more Technology How To Re-Invent Your Business In A Post-Lockdown World Business is changing in the midst of the global pandemic. The spread of COVID-19 has sparked… Learn more Lifesize Improving the Video Conferencing Experience in the Era of Remote Work In case you’ve been living under a rock for the past six months, it’s clear that… Learn more Support Center Contact Us Legal Subscribe to our Newsletter MktoForms2.whenReady(function(mktoForm){ mktoForm.addHiddenFields({ lastFormURL : document.location.href }); }); © 2024 Lifesize All rights reserved. Terms of Service Meeting Solutions Privacy Policy Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset