Business Insider Menu icon A vertical stack of three evenly spaced horizontal lines. Search icon A magnifying glass. It indicates, "Click to perform a search". Business Insider logo Business Insider logo Business Insider logo Newsletters Subscribe Account icon An icon in the shape of a person's head and shoulders. It often indicates a user profile. Log in Account icon An icon in the shape of a person's head and shoulders. It often indicates a user profile. Subscribe Business Strategy Economy Finance Retail Advertising Careers Media Real Estate Small Business Tech Science AI Sustainability Enterprise Transportation Startups Innovation Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Crypto Currencies ETFs Lifestyle Entertainment Culture Travel Food Health Parenting Reviews Politics Military & Defense Law Education Personal Finance Banking Credit Cards Investing Loans Mortgages Video Big Business Food Wars So Expensive Still Standing Boot Camp Business Strategy Economy Finance Retail Advertising Careers Media Real Estate Small Business Tech Science AI Sustainability Enterprise Transportation Startups Innovation Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Crypto Currencies ETFs Lifestyle Entertainment Culture Travel Food Health Parenting Reviews Tech Streaming Home Kitchen Style Beauty Pets Gifts Deals Coupons Politics Military & Defense Law Education Personal Finance Banking Credit Cards Investing Loans Mortgages Video Big Business Food Wars So Expensive Still Standing Boot Camp All A-Z Advertising AI Banking Business Careers Commodities Credit Cards Crypto Culture Currencies Economy Education Enterprise Entertainment ETFs Finance Food Health Indices Innovation Investing Law Lifestyle Loans Markets Media Military & Defense Mortgages Parenting Personal Finance Politics Retail Reviews Small Business Science Startups Stocks Strategy Sustainability Tech Transportation Travel Video Featured Talent Insider About About Advertise Careers Code of Ethics Contact Us Corporate Corrections Policy Follow RSS Sitemap Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Subscriptions Intelligence Premium Close icon Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification. US Markets Loading... h m s Huileng Tan China is laying out ambitious growth goals for 2024, and even Beijing knows they'll be hard to hit China — the world's second-largest economy — is targeting GDP growth of around 5% in 2024. The country's GDP grew 5.2% in 2023. Jon Stewart slams Democrats for fearmongering about migrants Jeff Bezos has reclaimed his title as the world's richest person Elon Musk just can't seem to resist the dark urge to start beef with Mark Cuban The ultimate guide to Super Tuesday Who's going to pay $50 a month for a sports streamer that doesn't have all the sports? Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg told a blatant lie about a blatant lie OpenAI employees are bracing for more surprises Sarah Jackson Apple just added a bunch of new products without a big launch event — here's what's new Apple announced a new 13- and 15‑inch MacBook Air with its M3 chip and recently added new colors for iPhone 15 cases and Apple Watch bands. Samantha Grindell Kate Middleton was spotted in public for the first time since last year Kate Middleton was spotted publicly for the first time in 2024 on Monday. She underwent a "planned abdominal surgery" in January, Kensington Palace said. Kwan Wei Kevin Tan Mark Cuban says he will vote for Joe Biden even if the president 'was being given last rites' "If they were having his last wake, and it was him versus Trump, and he was being given last rites, I would still vote for Joe Biden," Cuban said. Video Phil Rosen Why crypto is surging back to all-time highs and shrugging off high interest rates Hasan Chowdhury Silicon Valley's elite are moralizing about the future of AI Trisha Mukherjee How the death of one woman brought an independent abortion clinic to its knees You're all set, enjoy your Business Insider access! Go to newsletter preferences Thanks for signing up! We take you inside the companies and the topics that matter to you. Download the app NEW LOOK Sign up to get the inside scoop on today’s biggest stories in markets, tech, and business — delivered daily. Read preview Email Sign up By clicking “Sign Up”, you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt-out at any time. Phil Rosen Why crypto is surging back to all-time highs and shrugging off high interest rates Hasan Chowdhury Silicon Valley's elite are moralizing about the future of AI Trisha Mukherjee How the death of one woman brought an independent abortion clinic to its knees Most popular Amanda Krause What the rich and famous are wearing at Paris Fashion Week Cat Jones My husband convinced me to get pregnant. I had the baby, got laid off, and left him — I'm happy with all of my decisions. I'm a single mom and felt relieved after my company laid me off. I receive government assistance and can focus on my daughter. Matthew Loh NASA had an ambitious $2 billion plan to refuel satellites in orbit using robotic arms. A decade later, it's in shambles. The OSAM-1 aimed to use a robotic arm to slice open hatches and unscrew fuel caps to top up satellites in orbit, but the project was cut on Friday. Amanda Goh Jason Kelce started crying 5 seconds into his NFL retirement announcement, and his brother Travis didn't fare much better Despite wearing shades, Travis Kelce couldn't hide his emotions during his brother's speech either, photos show. Erin Snodgrass Hong Kong shoppers are crossing the border into Shenzhen to buy croissants and rotisserie chickens at China's newest Costco Hong Kong's economic struggles created the perfect situation for China's Shenzhen Costco location to thrive, netting 15,000 cross-border memberships. Laila Maidan A W-2 employee who used real estate to reduce federal taxes on his $300,000 salary by 99% explains how to pick the right property to qualify for the tax loophole The best offers from Business Insider Coupons Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes. Shop exclusive savings every week at Staples.com. Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers. Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy. Advertisement Advertisement Markets Advertisement Advertisement Tech Advertisement Advertisement Finance Advertisement Advertisement Strategy Advertisement Advertisement Personal Finance Advertisement Advertisement Reviews Video Advertisement The best offers from Business Insider Coupons Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes. Shop exclusive savings every week at Staples.com. Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers. Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Close icon Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification. Follow us on: * Copyright © 2024 Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Contact Us Masthead Sitemap Disclaimer Accessibility Commerce Policy Advertising Policies Coupons Made in NYC Jobs @ Business Insider Stock quotes by finanzen.net Reprints & Permissions International Editions: United States US International INTL Deutschland & Österreich AT Deutschland DE España ES India IN Japan JP México MX Netherlands NL Polska PL Jump to Main content Search Account