Epic Gardening: Simple, Practical Gardening Tips 2.75M1.25M2.85M1M91.1K Categories Posts Shop Edible Gardening Companion Planting Fruits Grains Harvesting Microgreens Nut Trees Vegetables Ornamental Gardening Bulbs Cacti & Succulents Flowers Foliage Ground Cover Houseplants Shrubs Trees Vines Soil & Compost Mulching Fertilizers Soil Improvement Basics Accessible Gardens Gardening Tips Homesteading Hydroponics Raised Bed Gardening Projects Propagation Seeds Plant Problems Garden Pests Organic Treatments Plant Diseases Weeds Product Reviews Categories Posts Edible Gardening Companion Planting Fruits Grains Harvesting Microgreens Nut Trees Vegetables Ornamental Gardening Bulbs Cacti & Succulents Flowers Foliage Ground Cover Houseplants Shrubs Trees Vines Soil & Compost Mulching Fertilizers Soil Improvement Basics Accessible Gardens Gardening Tips Homesteading Hydroponics Raised Bed Gardening Projects Propagation Seeds Plant Problems Garden Pests Organic Treatments Plant Diseases Weeds Product Reviews Grow Big This Season Get a head start on the 2024 gardening season with our best-selling garden gear, premium seeds, and popular grow guides! Shop New ArrivalsShop Botanical Interests Seeds Vegetables How and When to Start Vegetable Seeds Indoors Flowers 15 Flowers That Are Easy to Grow From Seed Seeds How to Winter Sow Seeds in 7 Easy Steps Editor's Picks Raised Bed Gardening 15 Benefits of Raised Bed Gardening Flowers 27 Flowering Perennials that Thrive With Neglect Gardening Inspiration 37 Drought Tolerant Native Plants to Grow This Season Flowers Dahlia Flowers: How To Grow Dahlias By The Bunch Shop Spring Favorites Birdies Medium Raised Garden Bed, 29” Tall From 249.99 USD In Stock Buy Now Component - Epic 4 - Cell Seed Starting Trays From 9.99 USD In Stock Buy Now Epic 1020 Universal Bottom Tray From 9.99 USD In Stock Buy Now Songbird Delight Flower Mix Seeds From 6.29 USD In Stock Buy Now FEATURED READS Seeds Looking to get your seeds started indoors or direct sown the right way? Find out all you need to know about starting seeds in these comprehensive guides! View All Gardening Tips Spring Garden Prep: What You Need To Do To Get Ready To Grow Seeds 5 Seed Starting Mistakes to Avoid for a Thriving Spring Garden Seeds Soil Blocking: Tried and True Seed Starting Tech Seeds How To Use A Seedling Heat Mat The Right Way Seeds Storing Seeds: How to Preserve Seeds for Years Seeds Soak Seeds Before Planting: Is It Necessary? Seeds How to Start Seeds Indoors Seeds Seeds Not Germinating? Try These Fixes Seeds How to Direct Sow Seeds Outdoors at the Proper Depth Seeds How to Bottom Water Seed Starts in 5 Easy Steps Vegetables Trying to figure out which leafy greens to add to your garden this season? Check out these detailed growing guides that can help! View All Vegetables 40 Different Types of Radishes to Grow This Season Vegetables Growing Kale: How To Get Great Greens Harvests Vegetables Growing Cabbage: A Guide For Great Heads Vegetables How To Grow Lettuce For Great Harvests All Year Long Vegetables How To Harvest Lettuce Of All Types Vegetables 40 Different Types of Spinach For Your Garden Vegetables Longevity Spinach: How To Grow Gynura Procumbens Right Vegetables Growing Arugula: Salad Success Is In Your Grasp Product Reviews Looking for gardening product reviews? We review the best gear for your gardening needs, including tools, greenhouses, and more. View All Product Reviews 10 Best Pruning Shears For Garden Greatness Product Reviews Best Pruning Saws: Hand, Folding, Tree, and Electric Product Reviews 5 Best Water Chillers for Hydroponics Product Reviews 12 Best Greenhouse Kits: Cold-Weather Solutions Product Reviews 10 Best Greenhouse Plastic Picks For Your Garden Product Reviews Best Dandelion Killer: 8 Options To Demolish Weeds Product Reviews 5 Best Indoor Compost Bins: Which To Pick Product Reviews The 12 Best Countertop Compost Bins To Buy Product Reviews The 5 Best Seedling Heat Mats and Thermostats Product Reviews 6 Best Compost Bags To Use At Home Latest Posts Flowers How to Plant, Grow, and Care for Stock Flowers A beautiful, fragrant plant, stocks deserve pride of place in any garden for their splashes of color and captivating scent. These great plants are easy to grow from seed and are always abuzz with pollinators. In this article, gardening expert Wendy Moulton shows you how to grow beautiful stock flowers! Fruits How to Plant, Grow, and Care for Yuzu With a tart and floral flavor, yuzu fruits provide a uniquely refreshing taste to sauces and marinades. Join plant expert Briana Yablonski as she explains how to grow this cold-hardy citrus at home. Flowers 31 Self-Seeding Annuals for Effortless Garden Color Are you tired of replacing your annual ornamentals? We’ve got you covered. Here, gardening expert Melissa Strauss shares 31 of our favorite self-seeding annuals that will return year after year. Seeds 11 Seeds You Should Start in March Spring is on the horizon, and there are so many seeds to plant. March sowing ensures abundant, flavorful harvests as the weather warms. Garden expert and former organic farmer Logan Hailey digs into 11 less-common seeds to start in March. Houseplants How to Plant, Grow, and Care For String of Rubies The String of Rubies plant is a low-maintenance succulent with a high-profile personality. Check out this color-changing marvel here and learn how to care for this jewel of a plant with gardening expert Melissa Strauss. Flowers 19 Plants with Ornamental Seed Pods Join organic farmer Jenna Rich as she discusses 19 gorgeous garden plants that produce attractive ornamental seed pods, extending their beauty into the fall and winter. Garden Pests 13 Plants That Repel Garden Pests Repelling nuisance pests in the garden can be a real challenge. There are plants that attract insects and plants that repel them. Read on as gardening expert Melissa Strauss shares 13 plants that will help keep garden pests at bay. Companion Planting Do Nasturtiums Repel Pests? Nasturtiums are a staple of the annual garden, but what do they do? Are they companion plants, trap crops, or something else? Join organic farmer Jenna Rich as she tries to uncomplicate the topic of nasturtiums and whether or not they keep bugs away. Fruits 17 Citrus Trees Perfect for Growing in Indoor Containers Citrus trees aren’t exclusive to tropical climates! In this article, Kaleigh Brillon shows you 17 citrus trees you can grow indoors to create a tropical oasis in the comfort of your home. Fruits Can You Grow a Tree by Planting a Cherry Pit? Do you love eating cherries? Every fresh cherry you eat contains a pit with the potential to grow into a new cherry tree! In this article, gardening expert Liessa Bowen shares some tips for turning the next cherry you eat into a tree. Flowers 13 Beautiful Wildflowers That Grow From Bulbs Are you looking for a few native wildflower bulbs to add some sparkle to your flower garden? You may be surprised to learn how many attractive and unique wildflowers grow from bulbs and tubers. No matter where you live, you are sure to find wildflowers to suit your gardening style and landscape conditions. In this article, gardening expert Liessa Bowen shares 15 of her favorite wildflowers that you can grow from a bulb. Fruits How to Plant, Grow, and Care for Calamondin Orange Trees Are you looking for a citrus plant that beautifies the landscape and produces delectable sweet-tart fruit? Then check out the calamondin orange tree! Plant expert Briana Yablonski shares how to grow and care for this unique citrus. View All Articles Learn to grow. Sign up for weekly gardening tips, product reviews and discounts. Company About Careers Press Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Plant Societies Quick Tips Connect Shop Facebook YouTube Podcast Instagram TikTok Discord Twitter Epic Gardening is reader-supported. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases.Epic Gardening © 2024 All Rights Reserved.