Official Apple Support Community ExitAppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport 0+ Community Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Browse Search Sign in Sign in Sign in corporate Apple Support Community Find answers. Ask questions. Connect with Apple customers around the world. Search or ask a question Search Apple Communities Reset Open Apple Communities Search Learn more about the Apple Support Community Select your product to find related topics iPhone macOS Mac iPad Apple Watch Apple Vision Pro See fewer topics See more topics Apple Watch Apple Vision Pro AirPods Applications and Services Apple ID iCloud Music TV and Home Accessories Stores Wallet Using the Community Looking for something else? Search the community or use our site map to find a topic. Featured Tips Get insights from experienced community members. See all tips User profile for user: John Galt Writing an effective Apple Support Communities question "The purpose of this User Tip is to help you write a question that will draw out the best volunteers on this..." User name: John Galt User level: Level 10 140,624 points Read full postWriting an effective Apple Support Communities question User profile for user: Carol B. Links for Apple International Support "International Apple Support Phone Numbers: Contact Apple for support and service - Apple Support Apple Su..." User name: Carol B. User level: Level 6 11,433 points Read full postLinks for Apple International Support User profile for user: a brody Sonoma, September 26, 2023 release "This is part of a series of tips from Mac OS 10.13 High Sierra, 10.14 Mojave, 10.15 Catalina, 11.0 Big Sur,..." User name: a brody User level: Level 10 82,753 points Read full postSonoma, September 26, 2023 release New to the Community? Join now Learn moreabout Apple Support Community Find answers and ask new questions Find answers Use the search bar at the top of this page to quickly ask questions and find answers. How to search the community Manage the people and discussions you follow Manage the people and discussions you follow Once you sign in, tap your name at the top of the page. Tap View More and then Manage Subscriptions. There you can adjust the people and discussions you’re following. How to manage subscriptions Award points, level up, and earn new privileges Have some fun As you participate in discussions, you earn points which can get you perks and more. You can even earn product specialties if you focus on specific product areas. How to earn rewards Welcome to Apple Support Community A forum where Apple customers help each other with their products. Get started with your Apple ID. Learn more Sign up Apple Footer This site contains user submitted content, comments and opinions and is for informational purposes only. Apple may provide or recommend responses as a possible solution based on the information provided; every potential issue may involve several factors not detailed in the conversations captured in an electronic forum and Apple can therefore provide no guarantee as to the efficacy of any proposed solutions on the community forums. Apple disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site. All postings and use of the content on this site are subject to the Apple Support Community Terms of Use. See how your data is managed...  Apple Support Community More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. United States Copyright © Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map Ask a question Reset