Door Locks, Door Hardware, Smart Locks & Smartkey Technology | Kwikset Skip to Main Content Search Toggle Site Navigation Kwikset.com Home Products Deadbolts Knobs Handlesets Levers Electronic Security Sets Light Commercial Parts & Accessories Featured Fight germs with Microban finishes. Explore Microban Smart Locks Ultimate control. Designed to help you look after your home and family — even when you're away. No key required. Control locks from anywhere. Smart Home Integration. About Smart Locks Browse all smart locks Featured Halo Smart Lock Premis Lock Home Connect Aura Smart Lock Smart Locks Basics Designed to help you look after your home and family — even when you're away. Compare Smart Locks Works With App Aura Halo Obsidian Premis Halo Touch Browse Smart Locks View and compare all smart locks. Innovation The Kwikset Home Security on the outside, convenience on the inside. Explore a world of innovations. Life Experiences Products which inspire assurance and delight when you need it the most. Kwikset Stories Experience Kwikset products from the people who know them best. Style Contemporary Sophisticated, modern hardware styles with simple, unique details. Traditional Classic, traditional hardware styles with simple, unique details. Transitional Beautiful, transitional hardware styles with simple, unique details. For the Pros Support Get support. Find support with our extensive library. Troubleshooting How-to Guides Videos Frequently Asked Questions Support Get Support Warranty Register Your Product Ask a Question Case Lookup Kwikset Customer Service Where to Buy Search About About Kwikset News & Press Company History Sustainability Community Investor Relations Careers Smart Security Blog News & Press Press Releases Press Kits Media Contacts Media Coverage Distributor Wholesaler Inquiry Contact Customer Service International Contacts Trade Professionals Assistance Where to Buy Search Search Close Search Search all matching in Products Search all matching in Support Search all matching in Web Pages No Product results for No Support results for No Pages results for Recommended products: THE NEW POWERBOLT® 240 5-BUTTON KEYPAD ELECTRONIC DOOR LOCK Features convenient keyless entry, 12 customizable users codes and auto locking. AVAILABLE NOW THE NEW POWERBOLT® 250 10-BUTTON KEYPAD ELECTRONIC DOOR LOCK Features convenient keyless entry, 25 customizable user codes and auto locking. AVAILABLE NOW THE HENLEY™ COLLECTION Stylish, versatile design to complement any home aesthetic, plus SmartKey Security™ and Microban® antimicrobial protection for peace of mind. EXPLORE THE HENLEY® COLLECTION Halo Touch Introducing Halo Touch Wi-Fi enabled door lock with fingerprint access. The smart lock as unique as your fingerprint. EXPLORE HALO TOUCH SmartKey Security Allows you to rekey your lock yourself in seconds. Now Available with SC1 Keyway Option. EXPLORE SMARTKEY SECURITY THE NEW SMARTCODE™ 270 TOUCHPAD ELECTRONIC LOCK Combines enhanced tactile feedback with sleek style and bright LED illumination for easy code access. AVAILABLE NOW Ready to browse? Select a door hardware category below. Deadbolts Knobs Handlesets Levers Electronic Security Sets Light Commercial Parts & Accessories 75 Years of InnovationSecurity on the outside, convenience on the inside. Explore a world of innovations. A Smart Lock for Every Person Find the right fit for your lifestyle today! SmartKey Security Re-key your lock in seconds. Halo Touchscreen Wi-Fi enabled smart lock. Microban Hardware for a cleaner home. Innovations for Your Life ExperiencesKwikset protects you during life’s ups and downs. "I'm a parent." With Kwikset’s selection of lock products and innovative solutions, it's never been easier to keep your family healthy and safe. Solutions for Parents "I rent short-term." Welcome to a smarter way to manage access to your vacation rental. Smart locks give you more control as a property owner than ever before. Short-Term Rentals "My lock broke." With every turn, our locks must prove to be strong, secure and reliable. Each of our products is put through rigorous third party testing and is certified to meet or exceed ANSI/BHMA standards to ensure that they can withstand whatever your life throws at it. At the end of the day, it’s your world and we’re here to protect it. Better Durability "I'm remodeling." Upgrading your home? No matter your style, security or smart home needs, Kwikset has the answer with a wide selection of lock products. Solutions for Remodels "I manage rentals." No matter how many properties you manage, our variety of security solutions provides convenient and economical lock control. For Rental Owners "I want a smart home." With Kwikset’s selection of lock products and innovative solutions, it's never been easier to keep your family healthy and safe. Smart Home Solutions I'm a parent. I rent short-term. My lock broke. I'm remodeling. I manage rentals. I want a smart home. Kwikset StoriesProfessional designers, architects, builders, and homeowners and their experience with Kwikset products. Vintage RevivalsKariAnne of Thistlewood Farms discusses her personal style, how this translates to her home and how Kwikset is Made For the World You Live In. See More Owner Stories Hatch WorksSecond-generation designers and third-generation builders, Ashley and Adam of Hatch Works aim to create spaces where life can be enjoyed. See More Designer Stories Sign Up and WIN!Sign up for Kwikset updates to stay informed about new products, promotions, latest trends and styles, and you’ll be entered to win one of our latest products.SIGN ME UP! Products Deadbolts Knobs Handlesets Levers Electronic Security Sets Light Commercial Parts & Accessories Safe Lock UNITE Smart Locks Smart Locks Basics Compare Smart Locks Works With App Aura Halo Obsidian Premis Halo Touch Browse Smart Locks SmartCodes Smartcode955 Smartcode917 Innovation The Kwikset Home Life Experiences Kwikset Stories Style Contemporary Traditional Transitional Support Warranty Register Your Product Ask a Question Case Lookup Kwikset Customer Service For the Pro's Literature Why Offer Electronic Locks? Contact Sales Savings Calculator Find Distributor Builder Spotlight Product Launch Kits About Kwikset About Kwikset News & Press Company History Sustainability Community Investor Relations Careers Smart Security Blog News & Press Press Releases Press Kits Media Contacts Media Coverage Distributor Wholesaler Inquiry Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest Houzz YouTube Web AccessibilityPrivacySupplier Code of ConductSitemap © ASSA ABLOYPart of ASSA ABLOY Back to Top