Government News, Research and Events for Federal Employees - GovExec.com Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Podcasts Events About Newsletters Advertise News Tech Management Pay & Benefits Oversight Workforce Defense Insights Leadership Voices Podcasts Events About Newsletters Advertise Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Management These are the 8 biggest agency and program reforms in the first FY24 spending bill Eric KatzMarch 4, 2024 News Management Oversight Defense Tech Pay & Benefits Workforce Insights Leadership Voices Trending Shutdown TSP Telework Pay Raise USPS Pay & Benefits Most TSP funds gained ground in February Management Biden taps former cabinet secretary for USPS board Oversight GAO says TSA's employee engagement problems linger, despite some improvements Pay & Benefits How diverse candidates can better navigate the security clearance process Pay & Benefits Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement sponsor content Achieving the pillars of zero trust at federal agencies Pay & Benefits Most TSP funds gained ground in February Management Biden taps former cabinet secretary for USPS board Oversight GAO says TSA's employee engagement problems linger, despite some improvements Pay & Benefits How diverse candidates can better navigate the security clearance process Pay & Benefits Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement sponsor content Achieving the pillars of zero trust at federal agencies Management WIC, rental assistance get funding boost in newly unveiled spending bills But the bipartisan proposals for six bills would cut funding to housing and transit programs. Kery Murakami 7 hours ago Management Biden administration announces new efforts to boost the nation’s housing supply Federal officials will extend a program that has helped develop or rehabilitate nearly 12,000 affordable rental homes. Kery Murakami March 4, 2024 Workforce FLRA: CBP owes backpay to officers denied nightwork premium pay The chairwoman of the body that oversees federal sector labor issues also expressed an openness to revisiting the legal definition of repudiating a union contract. Erich Wagner March 4, 2024 Tech IRS Direct File to be fully available March 12 The tool is a new way for eligible taxpayers to file directly with the IRS online for free. Natalie Alms March 4, 2024 Sponsor Content Learn how government agencies are evolving with enhanced citizen experiences How to provide seamless CX with new channels and tools like the cloud, AI, and self-service. Presented by NICE Tech FCC staff targeted in phishing attack that cloned agency login site A cybercriminal group built a duplicate webpage used by employees to validate their login credentials. David DiMolfetta March 4, 2024 Management White House beefs up child care block grants A new rule caps the total amount low-income families have to pay for child care at 7% of their income and directs states to pay child care providers more fairly and on time. Susan Miller March 1, 2024 Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email View Privacy Policy Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email View Privacy Policy Stay Connected Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email View Privacy Policy Pay & Benefits Most TSP funds gained ground in February Only one of the portfolios in the federal government’s 401(k)-style retirement savings program ended last month in the red. Erich Wagner March 1, 2024 Sponsor Content Securing the Future: Exploring Modern Application Development In this episode of GovExec TV, engage in a comprehensive discussion with industry leaders, exploring the path forward for the integration of modern AI capabilities. Presented by Veracode Management Biden taps former cabinet secretary for USPS board The appointment would assure the president's influence on the mailing agency's governing body. Eric Katz March 1, 2024 FEATURED INSIGHTS Report Enhancing Federal Cybersecurity Through Endpoint & Application Security Sponsor Content March 7th: McAleese Defense Programs Conference Sponsor Content FedData x NVIDIA | Finally, Generative AI for Government Sponsor Content Carahsoft | Empowering State and Local Governments: The Vital Role of Technology Sponsor Content Securing the Future: The U.S. Government's Cloud-First Transformation Sponsor Content Carahsoft | Redefining Customer Experience in the Digital Age Pay & Benefits How diverse candidates can better navigate the security clearance process COMMENTARY | Simple steps can make the security clearance process less of a barrier to keeping diverse candidates out of government careers. Lindy Kyzer March 1, 2024 Oversight GAO says TSA's employee engagement problems linger, despite some improvements Though the Transportation Security Administration experienced an uptick in employee engagement following the implementation of major pay increases last year, leaders have not addressed other factors contributing to low workforce morale. Erich Wagner February 29, 2024 Events Live Event | Hamilton Live, Washington D.C. Nextgov/FCW Pillars of Modernization Workshop March 21, 7:45 am, ET Featured eBooks VOICES How Ben Franklin’s paper money outwitted counterfeiters Promising Practices by Brett Beasley OPM wants to entice more AI talent with new benefits guidance Pay & Benefits Watch by Carten Cordell Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement Retirement Planning by Tammy Flanagan Pay & Benefits Most TSP funds gained ground in February How diverse candidates can better navigate the security clearance process Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement See More Immigration Senate rejects border-related federal hiring surge after Republicans turn on deal Hiring and pay reforms accompany staffing surges in bipartisan border deal DHS warns it’s running low on funds and borrowing personnel to manage border See More Budget WIC, rental assistance get funding boost in newly unveiled spending bills These are the 8 biggest agency and program reforms in the first FY24 spending bill Congress passes stopgap funding bill, delaying shutdown threat by one week See More Retirement Planning Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement Getting ready for tax season Did you know this about the TSP? See More Management SSA taps White House tech official for CIO post Marcela Escobar-Alava will be starting as the CIO of the Social Security Administration on Monday. Natalie Alms February 29, 2024 TSP TICKER FUND G F C S I MAR 04 CLOSE $18.0927 $18.9611 $80.1955 $80.4304 $41.5555 DAILY CHANGE 0.0065 -0.0284 -0.0940 0.0076 -0.0536 THIS MONTH (%) 0.05 0.24 0.69 0.82 0.89 FUND L 2060 L 2050 L 2040 L 2030 L INCOME MAR 04 CLOSE $15.9905 $32.0539 $53.3674 $46.8942 $25.3807 DAILY CHANGE -0.0165 -0.0295 -0.0417 -0.0279 -0.0026 THIS MONTH (%) 0.77 0.66 0.58 0.50 0.24 SEE MORE TSP Site FUND MAR 04 CLOSE DAILY CHANGE THIS MONTH G $18.0927 0.0065 0.05 F $18.9611 -0.0284 0.24 C $80.1955 -0.0940 0.69 S $80.4304 0.0076 0.82 I $41.5555 -0.0536 0.89 L 2050 $32.0539 -0.0295 0.66 L 2040 $53.3674 -0.0417 0.58 L 2030 $46.8942 -0.0279 0.50 L 2020 $None None L INCOME $25.3807 -0.0026 0.24 SEE MORE TSP Site Pay & Benefits Here’s how to find the information you need when planning for retirement When it comes to leaving federal employment to transition to retirement, there are important decisions that must be made, and it is vital to know the difference between fact, fiction and rumor. Tammy Flanagan February 29, 2024 Updated Management Congress passes stopgap funding bill, delaying shutdown threat by one week Congress hopes to begin voting on full-year appropriations next week. Eric Katz February 29, 2024 Management Using AI to fight fraud is paying off, Treasury says The tech has helped recover over $375 million since Treasury began using it over a year ago. Natalie Alms February 29, 2024 Workforce Air Force must learn from suicides, chief says in wake of airman’s self-immolation over Gaza “Whether it was politically motivated or other, we lost one of ours,” Gen. Allvin said after being heckled by protesters. Audrey Decker February 29, 2024 Management Congress reaches fiscal 2024 funding deal, new stopgaps in hopes of averting shutdown Lawmakers must act in a hastened and united fashion to pass the new CR before funding expires this week. Eric Katz February 28, 2024 Management 75,000 federal employees are facing furloughs this week See who would be sent home if the government shuts down late Friday evening. Eric Katz February 28, 2024 Workforce Biden administration details strategic plan to hire military spouses Improving the recruitment and retention of spouses of servicemembers has been a bipartisan priority in recent years, as military families report economic precarity as a reason to leave public service. Erich Wagner February 28, 2024 Tech Biden administration waives certain ‘Build America’ requirements for broadband Even with the waiver, though, the administration estimates that roughly 90% of funding for equipment will still be used to purchase U.S.-made products. Kery Murakami February 28, 2024 Pay & Benefits OPM wants to entice more AI talent with new benefits guidance The HR agency unveiled new pay and benefits flexibilities to help snag in-demand workers with expertise in artificial intelligence technology. Carten Cordell February 28, 2024 Management Budget impasse freezes two Space Force efforts, leaders say This year’s spending caps will boost future costs, acting Air Force undersecretary adds. Audrey Decker February 28, 2024 Tech Energy to fund 16 infrastructure cybersecurity projects The White House’s cybersecurity strategy implementation plan asks the agency to identify pilot projects for energy infrastructure security. David DiMolfetta February 28, 2024 Workforce One agency’s Trump-era plan included stripping protections from 68% of its workforce The Office of Management and Budget appeared to have taken a maximalist approach to the controversial job category, proposing to strip the civil service protections from IT workers, recruiters and even executive assistants. Erich Wagner February 27, 2024 Next About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Nextgov/FCW Defense One Route Fifty Washington Technology More © 2024 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top × Please read our Privacy Policy as it has recently been updated. Government Executive uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name I Work For... — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State ▼ Agency/Department — select — ▼ Organization Function — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other ▼ Please Provide Your Org.'s Name Industry — select — ▼ Job Title Job Function — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management ▼ Phone Number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other ▼ Country Name Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. × Get federal business news in your inbox. Sign up for Govexec Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Government Executive can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit Privacy Policy