Welcome to the British Trust for Ornithology | BTO - British Trust for Ornithology Skip to main content BTO - the British Trust for Ornithology My BTO Go to project Acoustic Pipeline Bird Ringing Scheme BirdTrack Breeding Bird Survey Cuckoo Tracking Project Gamekeeper Wader Transects Garden Bird Feeding Survey Garden BirdWatch Garden Wildlife Health Goose and Swan Monitoring Programme Heronries Census Nest Record Scheme Nesting Neighbours Norfolk Bat Survey Polesia: Wilderness without borders Seabird Monitoring Programme Volunteer Mountain Hare Survey Wader Calendar Waterways Breeding Bird Survey Wetland Bird Survey Winter Gull Survey Woodcock Survey ☰ Menu Donate Join Volunteer The difference we make How you can help Our science Understanding birds Develop your skills A vital voice for Wales Learn how BTO Cymru gives a Welsh voice and perspective on issues that are important to the birds of Wales. A world inspired by birds and informed by science. Making birdwatching count We empower 60,000 bird-enthusiasts to gather vital data, develop their skills and be part of a vibrant community. Championing impartial science We answer the most pressing questions about birds, through our thorough and impartial scientific research. Sharing our bird knowledge We communicate our knowledge and expertise to increase the value of birds and other wildlife for all. BlogYouth Summit 2024 – much more than we hoped forRead how dedicated volunteers, speakers and partners all came together to make this an incredible second Summit. PublicationFuture impact of climate change on threatened seabirdsNew BTO research predicts seabird declines of up to 90% by 2050 in Britain and Ireland under a ‘business as usual’ climate scenario. ProjectTrack our Cuckoos as they migrateThe Cuckoo Tracking Project has been revealing new discoveries about how British Cuckoos migrate, and the challenges they face. Follow and support this ground-breaking project. four_volunteers_birdwatching_by_david_tipling.jpg Volunteer From expert ringers to garden enthusiasts, we have a range of projects to suit everyone. take part blackcap_on_branch_with_blossom_by_liz_cutting_bto.jpg Subscribe to our e-newsletter Get the latest news about our science, training courses, special events and volunteering opportunities. Sign up today puffin_landing_by_philip_croft_bto.jpg Join BTO today Choose from a range of memberships including a monthly subscription, Life, Young Birder or Gift membership. Join BTO young_person_birdwatching_on_a_boat_bto.jpg Welfare and safeguarding Learn more about BTO’s approach and policy to welfare and safeguarding and how to report a concern. Learn more More ways we work BTO partnerships The organisations we work with to achieve our charitable aims. National offices Representing BTO in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Support our surveys Our surveys generate vital data which drive positive change for the UK’s birds. BTO Consulting Bringing our expertise and advice to industry, within the UK and abroad. BlogUnlocking the secrets of European batsDiscover the groundbreaking work of our bat acoustics specialist, Stuart Newson, as he unveils his cutting-edge research on bat social calls and feeding buzzes. BlogBirdTrack migration blog – early springIt may still feel like winter but for some species, the increasing temperatures and lengthening days have already kick-started spring migration, with birds starting to arrive and depart across Britain and Ireland. ArticleGuidance information for volunteer fieldworkersInformation about insurance, access rights, safeguarding, health and safety, and our Fieldwork Hazard Checklist. The difference we make How you can help Our science Understanding birds Develop your skills BTO – Birds Science People About BTO Blog BTO Youth Community Contact us Events Jobs National offices Shop Welfare and safeguarding Cookies Inclusive BTO Press releases Privacy Terms and Conditions Registered Charity Number 216652 (England & Wales), SC039193 (Scotland) © British Trust for Ornithology, BTO, The Nunnery, Thetford, Norfolk IP24 2PU, Tel: +44 (0)1842 750050 Fax: +44 (0)1842 750030 Seen a ringed, dead or diseased bird? Report it to us Keep up to date with BTO E-Newsletter Sign up Flock together Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn