Film at Lincoln Center 🇫🇷 Don't miss Rendez-Vous with French Cinema 2024, through Sunday! 🇫🇷 Get our weekly newsletter: Sign Up Log In Film Comment Media Center Announcements Film at Lincoln Center Podcast YouTube Photo Galleries Chaplin Award Gala NYFF FLC Academies Now Playing Rendez-Vous with French Cinema (Through Sunday w. Q&As) About Dry Grasses The Taste of Things Hitler, a Film from Germany (March 13 & 14) Ryuichi Sakamoto | Opus (Opens March 15 w. Q&A) The Long Strange Trips of Wojciech Jerzy Has (March 22-31) La Chimera (Opens March 29) New Directors/New Films (April 3-14 w. Q&As) 49th Chaplin Award Gala Honoring Jeff Bridges (April 29) GIFT: A Film by Ryûsuke Hamaguchi X Live Score by Eiko Ishibashi (May 1 & 2) The Met: Live in HD 2023-2024 (Through May 13) Calendar Membership Become a Member Join the New Wave Become a Patron FLC 25 & Under Member Corner Support Donate Gift Certificates Partnerships & Advertising About Visit Careers Now Playing Rendez-Vous with French Cinema (Through Sunday w. Q&As) About Dry Grasses The Taste of Things Hitler, a Film from Germany (March 13 & 14) Ryuichi Sakamoto | Opus (Opens March 15 w. Q&A) The Long Strange Trips of Wojciech Jerzy Has (March 22-31) La Chimera (Opens March 29) New Directors/New Films (April 3-14 w. Q&As) 49th Chaplin Award Gala Honoring Jeff Bridges (April 29) GIFT: A Film by Ryûsuke Hamaguchi X Live Score by Eiko Ishibashi (May 1 & 2) The Met: Live in HD 2023-2024 (Through May 13) Calendar Membership Become a Member Join the New Wave Become a Patron FLC 25 & Under Member Corner Support Donate Gift Certificates Partnerships & Advertising About Visit Careers Film Comment Media Center Announcements Film at Lincoln Center Podcast YouTube Photo Galleries Chaplin Award Gala NYFF FLC Academies Log In Newsletter Sign-up Sign Up Announcements 53rd New Directors/New Films Lineup Announced, Taking Place April 3-14 62nd New York Film Festival Dates and Call for Short Film Submissions Announced Take a Long Strange Trip with the Films of Polish Director Wojciech Jerzy Has, March 22-31 Through Sunday! Rendez-Vous with French Cinema 2024 Unifrance and Film at Lincoln Center present the 29th edition of the popular annual festival showcasing the verve, creativity, and depth of contemporary French cinema. Opens March 15! Ryuichi Sakamoto | Opus Recorded in late 2022 at NHK Studio in Tokyo, this NYFF61 Spotlight selection is an intimate, melancholy, and achingly beautiful one-man show, featuring the late composer and a Yamaha grand. New York Times Critic's Pick · NYFF61 Selection About Dry Grasses Nuri Bilge Ceylan's latest highly anticipated feature is a deeply philosophical drama and a work of elegant, novelistic filmmaking that won Best Actress at the 2023 Cannes Film Festival. March 13 & 14 Hitler, a Film from Germany Presented on 35mm across two evenings, Hans-Jürgen Syberberg’s rarely screened masterpiece is a peerless work of mourning that explores German collective guilt through a dizzying assemblage of monologue, pastiche, and theatrical visions. April 29 Honor Jeff Bridges at the Chaplin Award Gala! Join the acclaimed actor, producer, and musician for a special tribute featuring excerpts from a selection of his work, appearances by co-stars, friends, and colleagues, and the presentation of the Chaplin Award. May 1 & 2 · North American Premiere GIFT: A Film by Ryûsuke Hamaguchi X Live Score by Eiko Ishibashi Film at Lincoln Center welcomes multi-instrumentalist composer Eiko Ishibashi, who scored director Ryûsuke Hamaguchi’s Drive My Car (NYFF59), for a live performance of GIFT. New York Times Critic's Pick! The Taste of Things Trân Anh Hùng's NYFF61 Spotlight selection is destined to be remembered as one of the great films about the meaning, texture, and experience of food. March 22-31 The Long Strange Trips of Wojciech Jerzy Has A comprehensive celebration of the Polish filmmaker’s singularly inventive filmography, featuring an array of new digital restorations. Get Tickets April 3-14 53rd New Directors/New Films Experience the future of cinema at this year’s edition of the celebrated annual festival, introducing 25 features and 10 shorts. Learn more Media Center Photos Videos Film at Lincoln Center Podcast Announcements 53rd New Directors/New Films Lineup Announced, Taking Place April 3-14 By Film at Lincoln Center 62nd New York Film Festival Dates and Call for Short Film Submissions Announced By Film at Lincoln Center Lulu Wang on the Complexities of Her New Prime Video Series Expats By Erik Luers J.A. Bayona on Crafting Society of the Snow and Honoring the Survivors By Erik Luers Photo Galleries Lulu Wang on the Complexities of Her New Prime Video… February 25, 2024 Richard Brody, Nicholas Elliott & Madeline Whittle on the Significance… February 9, 2024 Watch/Listen: Emma Stone, Nathan Fielder, Benny Safdie & More on… January 14, 2024 From the writers and editors at Film Comment magazine Watching the Grass Grow By Sarah Fensom Watching the river flow: set in a cold, provincial winter, Nuri Bilge Ceylan’s latest traces the downward spiral of a misanthropic teacher with the Turkish filmmaker’s customary novelistic realism—though with a late formal break new to his oeuvre Spice Boys By Michael Sragow The Film Comment Podcast: Berlinale 2024 #6 By Film Comment Film at Lincoln Center (FLC) is a nonprofit organization that celebrates cinema as an essential art form and fosters a vibrant home for film culture to thrive. Become a member Now Playing Films & Series Schedule Membership Support Us About Us Visit Us Film at Lincoln Center Daily Film Comment Shop Newsletter Sign-up