Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media – Democratizing history through digital media Close About Us Our History Supporters Our People Staff Affiliates Our Work Projects Essays News Contact Us About Us Our History Supporters Our People Staff Affiliates Our Work Projects Essays News & Events Contact Us DONATE our story We Leverage Technology To Democratize History We create websites and open-source digital tools to preserve and present the past. We Leverage Technology To Democratize History. We create websites and open-source digital tools to preserve and present the past. Our Story featured news 30th Anniversary Campaign The Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media is turning 30. Help continue Roy’s legacy of innovation in the digital humanities for the next thirty years by donating today to support graduate student education and fund the development of education projects outside of existing streams of support for the digital humanities. support rrchnm Keep up to date Latest News By Mills Kelly The End of Our Hike Every hike has a beginning, a middle, and an end. Some are short, some are long. In the case of the Appalachian Trail, one of those hikes can last less than an hour, or it can stretch almost Find Out More By Caroline Greer World History Commons Adds Several New Primary Sources World History Commons recently prioritized adding primary sources from lesser-covered regions and time periods to give a more thorough overview of world history for educators to pull from. A Find Out More By RRCHNM Apply Now for the Gerda Henkel Fellowship in Digital History With the generous support of the Gerda Henkel Foundation, the Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media at the George Mason University (RRCHNM), and the German Historical Institute ( Find Out More discover Explore Our Work Data Driven History American Religious Ecologies Public History Histories of the National Mall Public History Pandemic Religion Education Discover Diplomacy Public History ReSounding the Archives Public History Green Tunnel Podcast Education Public History Maritime Asia Education Hidden in Plain Sight view all work Stay Connected Like, Follow, Subscribe Bluesky Logo Linkedin Facebook Envelope RRCHNM USER GENERATED CONTENT POLICY | © COPYRIGHT 2023 Top DONATE Support the center today. Each year, the Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media’s websites receive over 2 million visitors, and more than a million people rely on its digital tools to teach, learn, and conduct research. Donations from supporters help us sustain those resources. DONATE