PLOS Biology Skip to main content Advertisement PLOS Biology Browse Current Issue Journal Archive Collections Find and Read Articles Publish Submissions Submission Guidelines Figures Tables Supporting Information LaTeX What We Publish Preprints Revising Your Manuscript Submit Now Policies Best Practices in Research Reporting Human Subjects Research Animal Research Competing Interests Disclosure of Funding Sources Licenses and Copyright Data Availability Complementary Research Materials, Software and Code Sharing Ethical Publishing Practice Authorship Corrections, Expressions of Concern, and Retractions Manuscript Review and Publication Editorial and Peer Review Process Guidelines for Reviewers Accepted Manuscripts Comments Submit Your Manuscript PLOS Biology provides an Open Access platform to showcase your best research and commentary across all areas of biological science. Submit Now About Why Publish with PLOS Biology Journal Information Staff Editors Editorial Board Publishing Information Publication Fees Press and Media Contact Search Search advanced search February 29, 2024 The microsporidian infection apparatus up close Microsporidia use the polar tube to inject their infectious sporoplasm into the host. Himanshu Sharma, Jonas Barandun and colleagues use the ultrastructure and composition of the polar tube to identify different states of the tube wall, visualize transported cargo, and discover uniquely arranged ribosomes along the thin tube wall. Image credit: Barandun lab PLOS Biologue Community blog for PLOS Biology, PLOS Genetics and PLOS Computational Biology.PLOS BIOLOGUE 03/01/2024 Research Article Value-related olfactory learning and mitral cells Reward-driven learning begins in the very early stages of sensory processing. Sander Lindeman, Izumi Fukunaga and co-workers reinforce the idea that value-related modulation of olfactory signals is a key aspect of primary olfactory processing, and identify potential mechanisms by characterizing deeper circuit components that interact with the soma of mitral cells. Image credit: pbio.3002536 Recently Published Articles Ultrastructural insights into the microsporidian infection apparatus reveal the kinetics and morphological transitions of polar tube and cargo during host cell invasion The genomic case against genetic determinism CD38 promotes hematopoietic stem cell dormancy See all articles Current Issue January 2024 03/01/2024 Research Article Regulating antibiotic biosynthesis in Streptomyces Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory proteins (SARPs) are widely distributed activators of antibiotic biosynthesis. Yiqun Wang, Jianting Zheng and co-authors combine cryo-EM structures with biochemical assays to explain how the Streptomyces coelicolor SARP AfsR activates transcription. Image credit: pbio.3002528 03/01/2024 Methods and Resources Watching worm RNAs Cristina Tocchini and Susan Mango adapt the MS2-MCP system to visualize endogenous mRNAs in Caenorhabditis elegans. Inactivating nonsense-mediated decay and expressing low levels of cytoplasmic MCP allows the live imaging of functional, cytoplasmic transcripts in the nematode. Image credit: pbio.3002526 02/29/2024 Research Article Ubiquitin chains and Ebola virus replication Ebola virus replication relies on the viral polymerase complex, which includes the co-factor VP35. Carlos Rodríguez-Salazar, Sarah van Tol, Olivier Mailhot, Maria Gonzalez-Orozco, Gabriel Galdino, Rafael Najmanovich, Maria Giraldo, Ricardo Rajsbaum and colleagues reveal that unanchored polyubiquitin chains modulate polymerase function by interacting with VP35. Inhibiting this interaction reduces viral replication. Image credit: pbio.3002544 02/29/2024 Methods and Resources ReptiLearn: automated monitoring of reptiles Methods used for quantitative behavioral research are geared towards traditional model systems, hindering comparative research and limiting diversity. Tal Eisenberg and Mark Shein-Idelson describe a versatile platform for studying natural behaviors in reptiles across multiple time scales and with minimally constrained conditions. Image credit: Mark Shein-Idelson via DALLE3 02/27/2024 Research Article Tree biodiversity and the dilution effect Biodiversity appears to strongly suppress pathogens and pests in many plant and animal systems, but this ‘dilution effect’ can vary strikingly in magnitude. Andrew Gougherty and Jonathan Davies use forest inventory data from over 25,000 plots to show that the prevalence of tree pests is jointly controlled by the diversity and phylogenetic composition of forests. Read the related Primer by Felicia Keesing and Richard Ostfeld. Image credit: Pixabay 02/29/2024 Consensus View Open preprint peer review This Consensus View issues a call to action to accelerate the growing momentum of preprint sharing and provides recommendations to empower researchers to provide open and constructive peer review for preprints. Image credit: Pixabay user Lorenzo Cafaro 02/27/2024 Editorial Promoting research quality Plenty of awards recognize scientific contributions, but the Einstein Foundation Award uniquely honors those whose efforts significantly enhance the quality and robustness of research. This Editorial discusses why this is important. Image credit: Einstein Foundation 02/27/2024 Essay A unified framework for theories of aging Why and how we age are two questions that have fascinated scientists for many decades. This Essay proposes a new hierarchical model that links genes to vital rates, enabling a critical re-evaluation of the disposable soma and the developmental theory of aging. Image credit: pbio.3002513 02/27/2024 Perspective The genomic case against genetic determinism Gene Robinson, Rina Bliss and Matthew Hudson argue that a deeper understanding of genotype by environment interactions at the molecular level could be a potent antidote to societal concerns of genetic determinism. Image credit: Pixabay user Elias Collections PLOS Biology 20th Anniversary PLOS Biology is 20 and we are celebrating with a collection that contains articles that look back at landmark studies that we published, others that look past and future, and others discussing how publishing and open science have evolved and what is to come. . Engineering plants for a changing climate This collection explores engineering strategies to help us adapt plants to a changing climate, including breeding techniques, genome engineering, synthetic biology and microbiome engineering. Going for green The green collection explores biological solutions that could be applied to reduce CO2 emissions, get rid of non-degradable plastics, produce food in a sustainable manner or generate energy. Ocean solutions for a sustainable, healthy and inclusive future This collection explores potential solutions to mitigate the impacts of human activity on ocean ecosystems to minimize or reverse degradation. Mendel's legacy To mark 200 years since the birth of Gregor Mendel, this collection looks back at the impact of his original research and asks how well it stands up to modern views on genetics. of Meet our staff at conferences Stem Cells in Neuroscience March 11 - 13 Meet Senior Editor Christian Schnell (cschnell@plos.org) Inserm: Methods in meta-research March 11 - 13 Meet Senior Editor Roli Roberts (rroberts@plos.org) Revealing and tackling the complexities of the tumour microenvironment March 14 - 15 Meet Magazine Senior Editor Joanna Clarke (jclarke@plos.org) Titisee: Organelle communication: from fundamental understanding to therapeutics April 10 - 14 Meet Senior Editor Ines Alvarez-Garcia (ialvarez-garcia@plos.org) Symposium on the Immune System of Bacteria April 16 - 18 Meet Editor in Chief Nonia Pariente (npariente@plos.org) of Publish with PLOS Submit Your Manuscript Connect with Us Contact Us RSS PLOS Biology on Twitter PLOS on Facebook PLOS Blogs Tweets by @plosbiology Get new content from PLOS Biology in your inbox PLOS will use your email address to provide content from PLOS Biology. You can find out more about how PLOS processes your data by reading our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us at privacy@plos.org. Sign up Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to the PLOS Biology newsletter. Sorry, an error occurred while sending your subscription. Please try again later. Try again PLOS Biology | ISSN: 1545-7885 (online) Publications PLOS Biology PLOS Climate PLOS Complex Systems PLOS Computational Biology PLOS Digital Health PLOS Genetics PLOS Global Public Health PLOS Medicine PLOS Mental Health PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases PLOS ONE PLOS Pathogens PLOS Sustainability and Transformation PLOS Water Home Blogs Collections Give feedback LOCKSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Media Inquiries Contact PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San Francisco, California, US