TSHA Handbook of Texas About Us Publications Support TSHA Search Handbook of Texas Handbook of Texas Welcome / Homepage Browse Entries Texas Day by Day Show Your Support Join TSHA Make a Donation Special Projects Dallas-Fort Worth Texas Medicine Texas Women Texas Music Tejano History African American Texas Civil War Texas Houston Help Topics Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Contact Handbook Staff Author Agreement Form Author Exit Survey Topic Suggestion Propose an Entry Revision Request Report an Error Publications Legacy of Texas TSHA Press Texas Almanac SHQ Rare & Collectible Preowned Books Texas Maps Texas Art Publications Browse All TSHA Press Help Topics Contact TSHA Press Information for Authors Ordering Information SHQ Help Topics Contact SHQ Staff Subscriptions & Advertising Information for Authors Information for Reviewers New Release Under the Double Eagle, by Thomas T. “Ty” Smith About Us About Us Welcome / About TSHA Sponsors & Contributors Award & Fellowship Opportunities Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Information for the Press Policies & Financials Events Annual Meeting San Jacinto Symposium Texas Talks Members Login Members Only People of TSHA Board of Directors Staff & Volunteers Committees Browse all Education Junior Historians of Texas Walter Prescott Webb Historical Society Texas History Day (THD) Become a Member Join our growing community of academics, professionals, and history enthusiasts of all levels and ages. Search | Support TSHA Your Texas. Your History. Become a Member Give a Gift The mission of the Texas State Historical Association (TSHA) is to “foster the appreciation, understanding, and teaching of the rich and unique history of Texas and, by example and through programs and activities, encourage and promote research, preservation, and publication of historical material affecting the state of Texas.” TSHA is the oldest learned society in our state. Organized in Austin on March 2, 1897, the founders of TSHA brought lay and professional historians together to document and celebrate the state’s complex and diverse history. Today, TSHA follows the path laid out by its founders, sharing Texas history and stories of events and people from all walks of life with individuals and organizations across the state, nation, and globe. It supports educational materials and other scholarship that follow the tenets, methods and practices advocated by the professional historical community. We rely upon gifts from the community and our valued members to continue to expand our efforts to include all accurate and inclusive histories in TSHA publications, the Handbook of Texas and its special projects, the Southwestern Historical Quarterly and our entire range of educational materials and conferences. You're our newest friend. Let's keep in touch! You're our newest friend. Let's keep in touch! Recent News & Press: Recent News & Press: Two Texas Middle Schoolers Win Texas History Day T-Shirt Design Contest 3 weeks ago Texas History Day Approaches! We Need Volunteer Judges 3 weeks ago TSHA in the News: TSHA in the News: Denton Record Chronicle referenced one of our Handbook entries in an article titled, What happened to the people who moved from Quakertown? Northeast Texas Community College posted an article about one of our Annual Meeting speakers titled, Neida Perez is featured speaker at TSHA meeting in College Station TSHA LOGO About Us Board of Directors Staff & Volunteers Committees Award & Fellowship Opportunities Contact / Frequently Asked Questions Sponsors & Contributors Publications Upcoming Events We bring Texas history to life! Annual Meeting The largest gathering of its kind for Texas history enthusiasts and professional and independent scholars. San Jacinto Symposium The preeminent conference on the Texas Revolution era. Texas Talks Authors, professors, and historians discuss our fascinating history. If you are a TSHA member, you can watch previous Texas Talks in our Digital Library. Texas History Day An annual competition for students in grades 6–12. Handbook of Texas The Handbook of Texas project began in 1939 as an effort led by University of Texas Professor Walter Prescott Webb to preserve Texas history and create “the most useful book that has ever been published in Texas.” Today, the Handbook is entirely online and includes 27,779 encyclopedic entries on the influential people, eras, and events of Texas history. Its staff of editors continuously works to add and update entries to ensure its accuracy and comprehensiveness. See Also Handbook of Texas Special Projects Browse Entries Contact Handbook Staff FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Help Topics New Entries Riley, Polly Ann 6 hours ago Moore, Ida May Kilburn 6 days ago Russell, James Colon 6 days ago Galán, Enríque Manuel 6 days ago Stark, Nelda Childers 6 days ago Osborne, Estelle Massey Riddle 1 week ago Japan Cotton Company 1 week ago Trending Now Panhandle 654 views in the past several hours Country Music 282 views in the past several hours Texas Revolution 249 views in the past several hours Steinmark, Freddie Joe 186 views in the past several hours Republic of Texas 178 views in the past several hours Juneteenth 176 views in the past several hours Comanche Indians 164 views in the past several hours See Also Handbook of Texas Special Projects Browse Entries Contact Handbook Staff FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Help Topics Signup to receive the free newsletter We offer a daily or weekly subscription. You may unsubscribe at any time. Daily Once per week Texas Day By Day What happened today in Texas history? We'll tell you! Hill Country natural history authority dies in England 95 years ago today Mexican Army captures San Antonio; Republic of Texas totters 182 years ago today Richard Henry Boyd born into slavery 181 years ago today Texas Almanac The Texas Almanac is a biennially published reference work providing readers with information on the history of the state and its 254 counties, people, government and politics, economics, natural resources, and many other topics. Each edition includes featured articles unique to each edition. The book includes insights on the state’s rapidly growing population and changing demographics. Order the new Texas Almanac See the many places of Texas Read articles from the Almanac Adopt a Texas town, county, or lake Purchase the newest edition of the Texas Almanac today at Legacy of Texas, the official store of TSHA. Southwestern Historical Quarterly The Southwestern Historical Quarterly, continuously published since 1897, is the premier source of scholarly information about the history of Texas and the Southwest. Printed copies of the Quarterly are a benefit of membership in the Texas State Historical Association and are widely available in public and private libraries. Shop Back Issues at Legacy of Texas Become a TSHA member to receive new issues Browse the archive at MyTSHA Join TSHA today to gain access to this membership benefit Please give a gift to TSHA today, because it supports our many educational initiatives in Texas. This is a photo of students entering one of the Old Stories, New Voices summer camp buildings. Education Programs We seek to encourage and improve the teaching of Texas history for the next generation. From our year long Texas History Day program for K-12 students to our Webb Society chapters for college students, we hope to reach as many Texas students as possible. Junior Historians of Texas Walter Prescott Webb Historical Society Texas History Day Browse our collection of books and more at our official store, Legacy of Texas Books TSHA Press Rare & Collectible Rare Books Preowned Books Texas Almanac Journals Cotten Series Texas Art Maps Newest Release In the first detailed study of its kind, Col. (Ret.) Thomas T. “Ty” Smith, known for his extensive research and writing on the U.S. Army in Texas, presents an in-depth examination of the civilian employees of the army in the 19th century. Now Available! Be the first to know Sign up for our newsletter, Especially Texan, and stay up to date on all things Texas. Name Email I consent to receive email using the details provided above for the purpose of receiving history related content from Texas State Historical Association. HP Join Today! New Members Renewal Show Your Support We are a community-supported, non-profit organization and we humbly ask for your support because the careful and accurate recording of our history has never been more important. Every dollar helps. Mailing Address: Texas State Historical Association PO Box 5428 Austin, TX 78763 Physical Address: 3001 Lake Austin Blvd. Austin, TX 78703 Copyright © 2024 Texas State Historical Association (TSHA) Terms of Use Policy Agreement & Privacy Enable Google Tranlate