WVS Database Site Sections WVS wave 7Who we areRonald F. InglehartIn MemoriamWhat we doFindings & InsightsData and DocumentationPublicationsPaper SeriesContact UsNews Welcome to the World Values Survey site China as Number One? The Emerging Values of a Rising Power One of the most significant global events in the last forty years has been the rise of China— economically, technologically, politically, and militarily. The question on people's minds for decades has been whether China will replace the United States as a superpower in the near future. But for China, this power must be comprehensive — having strong economic and militant forces are only two pieces of the puzzle. China must also possess soft power, such as attractive ideologies, values, and culture. China as Number One? explores China's soft powers through the eyes of Chinese citizens. Utilizing data from the World Values Survey, the contributors to this collection analyze the potential soft power of a rising China by examining its residents' social values. A comprehensive study of changes and continuities in the political and social values of Chinese citizens, the book examines findings in the context of evolutionary modernization theory and cross-national comparison. Quick Links Why donate the WVSA? NEW World Values Survey Wave 7 v5.0.0 released! (14-12-2022) Download WVS7 data & documentation WVS 1981-2022 Longitudinal File NEW Download the latest version of the time-series 1981-2022 v4.0 data file in different formats (last updated 14-12-2022) Inglehart - Welzel's Cultural Map WVS Online Analysis Browse WVS data online and produce your own tables (updated 14-12-2022) Salient posts The Ronald F. Inglehart Honorary Lecture 2023 In 2022 the WVSA introduced The Ronald F. Inglehart Honorary Lecture to commemorate the memory and scientific legacy of the Founder of the World Values Survey Prof. Ronald F. Inglehart. The 2023 lecture will be read by Prof. Amaney Jamal who will talk on "The Global Segregation of the Poor": How economic segregation continues to increase despite the obvious potential threats to capital? Further, why is segregation growing in this historical period? And what are the underlying structural conditions that contribute to these rising levels of economic segregation? Using a variety of data, including night-light satellite-based segregation scores, census data from the US and UK, and public opinion data from the Middle East and the US, Amaney Jamal demonstrates that societies that have a racialized cleavage are more likely to be economically segregated. The lecture will take place on Friday, December 8, 2023 at 9.00 AM EST and will be conducted over Zoom. Attendance is free of charge. Video will be available after the event. The World Values Survey Association and the European Values Study Sign a Cooperation Agreement for the Next Wave The World Values Survey Association and the European Values Study signed a cooperation agreement for the next joint survey wave in European countries. Both organizations will aim to carry out the joint EVS/WVS survey in Europe during 2026-2027. The joint EVS/WVS survey will take place as a part of the 8 th wave of the WVS scheduled to take place worldwide in 2024-2026, and the 6 th wave of the EVS scheduled to take place in Europe in 2026-2028. Mixed-mode Surveys in the WVS: wave-7 in Great Britain and Northern Ireland An online session for the WVS PIs on the mixed-mode survey approach employed for the WVS-7 (2022) data collection in Great Britain and Northern Ireland. WVS Cultural Map: 2023 Version Released The World Values Survey Association is happy to present the next, updated version of the Inglehart-Welzel Cultural Map. The map is based on the latest joint survey round of the World Values Survey and European Values Study 2017-2022. For selected countries, not surveyed recently, data from earlier waves is used to calculate the map score. Overall 111 countries / societies are represented on the map. Joint EVS/WVS 2017-2022 data-set release The World Values Survey Association (WVSA) and the European Values Study (EVS) are happy to announce the release of the final version of the joint EVS-WVS 2017-2022 data-set. Fieldwork for this survey round was conducted from early 2017 to mid-2022. The joint data-set covers 90 countries and societies on all inhabited continents around the globe, ranging from Albania, Australia and Argentina to the United States, Vietnam and Zimbabwe. In total, 153 716 respondents were interviewed for this joint EVS-WVS wave. The Ronald F. Inglehart Honorary Lecture 2022 In 2022 the WVSA introduced The Ronald F. Inglehart Honorary Lecture to commemorate the memory and scientific legacy of the Founder of the World Values Survey Prof. Ronald F. Inglehart. The 2022 lecture was read by Prof. Russell J. Dalton. The lecture took place on Thursday, December 8, 2022 and was conducted over Zoom. Video and ppt slides are available. Reproductive rights in America and the global trends - new blog by WVSA Vice-President Pippa Norris The reversal of reproductive rights in America is contrary to global trends. Why? Compared with similar Western democracies, Republican voters are exceptionally socially conservative, religious and authoritarian. The Ronald F. Inglehart Best Book Award on Political Culture and Values The Ronald F. Inglehart Best Book Award on Political Culture and Values is awarded for a book which makes a substantial and original contribution to theory and/or empirical studies in comparative cross-cultural research. This prize is awarded every second year and honors the best book published in the previous five years following the tradition established by Ronald F. Inglehart. Nominations acceptance for 2023 award is open till May 31, 2023. What do ordinary Russians really think about the war in Ukraine? Surveys conducted immediately before and after the outbreak of the Ukrainian invasion on 24 February report that the majority of ordinary Russians expressed support for the Ukrainian war and for President Putin. Overall, across the series of initial polls, a ‘silent majority’ – about 60% of Russian respondents – indicated that they endorsed the “special military operation” in Ukraine. History will ultimately decide how much of the blame for initiating the bloodshed rests on Vladimir Putin alone, as well as his Kremlin acolytes, and how much responsibility rests with the tacit acceptance of ordinary Russians. It is important to determine this issue morally, to assess culpability for the conflict, and legally, to prosecute potential war crimes. Understanding Putin’s soft power can also provide insights into the long-term consequences of the conflict for his leadership and for the future of both countries. State propaganda and fake news about Ukraine “shooting its own citizens in the Donbas region” started back in 2014 and since then has been increasing in its pace and volume. Even if many ordinary Russians are badly misinformed, however, the early polls may still capture authentic attitudes reflecting a silent majority at home supporting Putin’s actions, and thus represent the social construction of reality in modern Russia. New WVSA Executive Committee elected The World Values Survey Association welcomes new members of the Executive Committee who will serve in 2022-2027.The Executive Committee is the central governing body of the WVSA. The Executive Committee provides leadership and strategic planning for the organization, recruits new members, organizes meetings and workshops, promotes publications and dissemination of results, raises funds for central functions, and assists local PIs in their fund-raising. Social Networks Tweets por el @WVS_Survey. Latest News & Events 15 may 2022The conference aims to gather methodologically high-quality, theoretically based contributions using EVS and WVS data. Presentations combining EVS, WVS and other data are also welcome. The call asks for a special emphasis on Italy: comparative and longitudinal contributions are encouraged. The conference welcomes presentations on any values domain, as well as methodological contributions.16 mar 2022WVSA invites paper submissions into the special issue of Frontiers in Sociology journal "Social values and identities in the Black Sea area". Black Sea has always been an area of vivid economic and cultural exchange, located at the intersection of different political systems and local cultures. This topic aims at studying the culture and identity in the Black Sea area, inquiring the existence of a common political identity relying on a similar cultural background. We encourage submissions approaching the topic from a holistic perspective, looking at the cultural space, not limited to the geographical one, inquiring to what extent the historical path contributed to the creation of a common cultural space and what is the contribution of economics, politics, and international relations to its development. Submissions using quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods and employing an interdisciplinary perspective are equally welcome.29 ene 2022On November 19-20, the Executive Committee of the World Values Survey Association held their annual meeting. The event took place in Stockholm, Sweden and was organized in a mixed format with the members of the EC joining in person and online. Participants included WVSA President Christian Haerpfer, WVSA Vice-President and Treasurer Alejandro Moreno, WVSA Vice-President Christian Welzel, Pippa Norris, Data archive director Jaime Diez Medrano, Marta Lagos, Bi Puranen, and Eduard Ponarin. The agenda included both summary of the WVS wave 7 and planning of the next WVS-8 survey round.30 dic 2021"Why the future is democratic" by the Vice-President of the World Values Survey Association and Professor at Leuphana Universität Lüneburg Christian Welzel became the No1 most read essay of the Journal of Democracy in 2021.17 nov 2018The World Values Survey Association invites interested students and young post-graduate researchers to apply for a Remote Internship at the WVSA Secretariat. Remote Internship is a volunteer (unpaid) feasible contribution to the WVSA activities of 2-8 hours per week organized from the applicant’s place of residence/ study. Internships are possible for the period of 1 month and 3 months. More Events PRESIDENT Christian Haerpfer christian_haerpfer@univie.ac.at WVSA President University of Vienna Institute of Political Science Vienna 1010, Austria SECRETARIAT(WVSA Headquarters) Kseniya Kizilova wvsa.secretariat@gmail.com Head of WVSA Secretariat Institute for Comparative Survey Research Vienna 1040, Austria LEGAL SEAT Bi Puranen bi.puranen@worldvaluessurvey.org Secretary-General Institute for Future Studies Stockholm, Sweden 101 31 DATA ARCHIVE Jaime Diez-Medrano jdiezmed@jdsurvey.net Director of the WVSA Archive Pza Manuel Rodrigo 1, B-1E Madrid, Spain 28043 Copyright @2020 World Values Survey Association