The Engineering ToolBox Engineering ToolBox - Resources, Tools and Basic Information for Engineering and Design of Technical Applications! The Engineering ToolBox Free tools and information for engineering and design of technical applications Sponsored Links Steel Pipes - Thermal Expansion Loops Calculating and sizing steel pipe thermal expansion loops. Air - Thermophysical Properties Thermal properties of air at different temperatures - density, viscosity, critical temperature and pressure, triple point, enthalpi and entropi, thermal conductivity and diffusivity and more. Thermal Expansion - Linear Expansion Coefficients Linear temperature expansion coefficients for common materials like aluminum, copper, glass, iron and many more. Hot Air Balloons - Calculate Lifting Weights Calculate hot air ballons lifting forces. Poisson's Ratio When a material is stretched in one direction it tends to get thinner in the other two directions. Air - Psychrometric Chart for Standard Atmospheric Conditions - Imperial Units Psychrometric chart for air at barometric pressure 29.921 inches of Mercury and temperature ranging 20oF to 120oF. UTM to Latitude and Longitude Converter Free online UTM to Latitude and Longitude coordinates converter. Water - Thermophysical Properties Thermal properties of water at different temperatures like density, freezing temperature, boiling temperature, latent heat of melting, latent heat of evaporation, critical temperature and more. Radians vs. Degrees Radian is the SI unit of angle. Convert between degrees and radians. Calculate angular velocity. Miter Saw - Calculate Sawing Angle Calculate miter saw protractor angles for skirting and decorative mouldings work. Friction - Friction Coefficients and Calculator Friction theory with calculator and friction coefficients for combinations of materials like ice, aluminum, steel, graphite and many more. Young's Modulus, Tensile Strength and Yield Strength Values for some Materials Young's Modulus (or Tensile Modulus alt. Modulus of Elasticity) and Ultimate Tensile Strength and Yield Strength for materials like steel, glass, wood and many more. Solids, Liquids and Gases - Thermal Conductivities Thermal conductivity coefficients for insulation materials, aluminum, asphalt, brass, copper, steel, gases and more. Water - Density, Specific Weight and Thermal Expansion Coefficients Definitions, online calculator and figures and tables with water properties like density, specific weight and thermal expansion coefficient of liquid water at temperatures ranging 0 to 360°C (32 to 680°F). Numbers - Square, Cube, Square Root and Cubic Root Calculator Calculate square, cube, square root and cubic root. Values tabulated for numbers ranging 1 to 100. W-Beams - American Wide Flange Beams Dimensions of American Wide Flange Beams ASTM A6 (or W-Beams) - Imperial units. Viscosity - Absolute (Dynamic) vs. Kinematic Vicosity is a fluid's resistance to flow and can be valued as dynamic (absolute) or kinematic. AWG - American Wire Gauge Converting Chart American Wire Gauge (AWG) vs. cross sectional area converter. Density vs. Specific Weight and Specific Gravity An introduction to density, specific weight and specific gravity. Hot Water Heating Systems - Online Design Application Free online design tool for designing hot water heating systems - metric units. Water - Dynamic (Absolute) and Kinematic Viscosity vs. Temperature and Pressure Free online calculator - figures and tables with viscosity of water at temperatures ranging 0 to 360°C (32 to 675°F) - Imperial and SI Units. Flanges - ASME/ANSI B16.5 Flanges and Bolt Dimensions - Class 150 to 2500 Diameters and bolt circles for standard ASME B16.5 flanges - 1/4 to 24 inches - Class 150 to 2500. Inches vs. mm - Conversion Chart Convert fractional and/or decimal inches to metric mm - and vice versa. Wrench Spanners - Inches vs. mm Convert between US Inches and metric mm wrench and spanner sizes. Area Moment of Inertia - Typical Cross Sections I Typical cross sections and their Area Moment of Inertia. Dry Air - Thermodynamic and Physical Properties Thermodynamic properties of dry air - specific heat, ratio of specific heats, dynamic viscosity, thermal conductivity, Prandtl number, density and kinematic viscosity at temperatures ranging 175 - 1900 K. Cars - New vs. Old Car Cost Calculator Calculate and compare the costs between owning a new vs. an old car. Sponsored Links • Acoustics Room acoustics and acoustic properties, decibel A, B and C, Noise Rating (NR) curves, sound transmission, sound pressure, sound intensity and sound attenuation. • Air Psychrometrics Moist and humid air - psychrometric charts, Mollier diagrams, air-condition temperatures and absolute and relative humidity and moisture content. • Basics The SI-system, unit converters, physical constants, drawing scales and more. • Combustion Boiler house topics, fuels like oil, gas, coal, wood - chimneys, safety valves, tanks - combustion efficiency. • Drawing Tools 2D and 3D engineering drawing tools. • Dynamics Motion - velocity and acceleration, forces and torque. • Economics Engineering economics - cash flow diagrams, present value, discount rates, internal rates of return - IRR, income taxes, inflation. • Electrical Electrical units, amps and electrical wiring, wire gauge and AWG, electrical formulas and motors. • Environment Climate, meteorology, sun, wind and environmental related engineering resources. • Fluid Mechanics The study of fluids - liquids and gases. Involving velocity, pressure, density and temperature as functions of space and time. • Gases and Compressed Air Air, LNG, LPG and other common gas properties, pipeline capacities, sizing of relief valves. • HVAC Systems Heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems - design and dimensions. • Hydraulics and Pneumatics Hydraulic and pneumatic systems - fluids, forces, pumps and pistons. • Insulation Heat transfer and heat loss from buildings and technical applications - heat transfer coefficients and insulation methods to reduce energy consumption. • Material Properties Material properties of gases, fluids and solids - densities, specific heats, viscosities and more. • Mathematics Mathematical rules and laws - numbers, areas, volumes, exponents, trigonometric functions and more. • Mechanics Forces, acceleration, displacement, vectors, motion, momentum, energy of objects and more. • Miscellaneous Engineering related topics like Beaufort Wind Scale, CE-marking, drawing standards and more. • Physiology Human physiology, air quality and comfort temperatures, activity and metabolic rates, health effects of carbon monoxide and more. • Piping Systems Dimensions of pipes and tubes, materials and capacities, pressure drop calculations and charts, insulation and heat loss diagrams. • Process Control Instrumentation and process control systems - design and documentation. • Pumps Piping systems and pumps - centrifugal pumps, displacement pumps - cavitation, viscosity, head and pressure, power consumption and more. • Sanitary Drainage Systems The purpose of the sanitary drainage system is to remove effluent discharged from plumbing fixtures and other equipment. • Standard Organizations National and International organizations producing codes and standards - ANSI, ISO, DIN, BSi and more. • Statics Loads - forces and torque, beams and columns. • Steam and Condensate Steam & condensate systems- properties, capacities, pipe sizing, systems configuration and more. • Thermodynamics Work, heat and energy systems. • Water Systems Hot and cold water service systems - design properties, capacities, sizing and more. Sponsored Links Search Search is the most efficient way to navigate the Engineering ToolBox. Popular internal searches in the Engineering ToolBox Engineering ToolBox - SketchUp Extension - Online 3D modeling! Add standard and customized parametric components - like flange beams, lumbers, piping, stairs and more - to your Sketchup model with the Engineering ToolBox - SketchUp Extension - enabled for use with older versions of the amazing SketchUp Make and the newer "up to date" SketchUp Pro . Add the Engineering ToolBox extension to your SketchUp Make/Pro from the Extension Warehouse ! Translate this Page Translate this page to Your Own Language . About the Engineering ToolBox! Privacy Policy We don't collect information from our users. More about the Engineering ToolBox Privacy Policy Advertise in the ToolBox If you want to promote your products or services in the Engineering ToolBox - please use Google Adwords. You can target the Engineering ToolBox by using AdWords Managed Placements. Citation This page can be cited as Engineering ToolBox (2001) [online] Available at: https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com [Accessed Day Month Year]. Modify the access date according your visit. Acoustics Air Psychrometrics Basics Combustion Drawing Tools Dynamics Economics Electrical Environment Fluid Mechanics Gases and Compressed Air HVAC Systems Hydraulics and Pneumatics Insulation Material Properties Mathematics Mechanics Miscellaneous Physiology Piping Systems Process Control Pumps Sanitary Drainage Systems Standard Organizations Statics Steam and Condensate Thermodynamics Water Systems Unit Converter Temperature oC K oF Length m km in ft yards miles naut miles Area m2 km2 in2 ft2 miles2 acres Volume m3 liters in3 ft3 us gal Weight kgf N lbf Velocity m/s km/h ft/min ft/s mph knots Pressure Pa bar mm H2O kg/cm2 psi inches H2O Flow m3/s m3/h US gpm cfm 2.27.11 Sponsored Links . Make Shortcut to Home Screen?