CORE Econ - Economics for a changing world Home About ebooks CORE Insights Instructor & learner resources Visualisations Online courses Teaching Community Glossary Who is teaching CORE Econ? Meet CORE Econ Research on CORE Econ Blog CORE Econ in the news Home About ebooks CORE Insights Instructor & learner resources Visualisations Online courses Teaching Community Glossary Who is teaching CORE Econ? Meet CORE Econ Research on CORE Econ Blog CORE Econ in the news RegisterLog In RegisterLog In Home Welcome to CORE Econ Free online textbooks and resources for a new way of teaching and learning economics, using the best research to address the world’s most pressing problems. Register below to access additional instructor and learner resources. Register for CORE EconFind out more about CORE Econ ebooks Browse all ebooks The Economy 2.0: Microeconomics Free, open access text for introductory microeconomics undergraduate courses The Economy 2.0: Macroeconomics The macroeconomics volume of The Economy 2.0 will be available from Spring 2024. Experiencing Economics Classroom experiments and games to learn economics Doing Economics Work through policy problems using real data CORE Insights Free, self-contained educational resource to supplement CORE Econ’s ebooks The Economy 1.0 The original free, open access text for a year long introductory undergraduate course Economy, Society, and Public Policy Using policy problems to motivate learning the concepts and methods of economics enCOREage A new intro course and ebook for 2 and 4 year institutions in the US The Economy: A South Asian Perspective Adaptation of The Economy with topics and features specific to South Asian and developing economies L’Économie En accès libre et destiné aux étudiants d'un cours d'introduction à l'économie L’Économie pour le Lycée Three interactive, open access texts to introduce French high school students to economics. L’economia Un libro gratuito, ad accesso aperto, per corsi introduttivi di lauree triennali La Economía Libro de texto gratuito y de libre acceso para cursos introductorios en pregrado Talous Maksuton, kaikille avoin teos taloustieteen kandidaattitason johdantokursseille A Economia Texto gratuito e de livre acesso para cursos introdutórios de graduação Die Wirtschaft Frei zugängliche Lehrbuch für Grundlagenveranstaltungen. Ekonomika, spoločnosť a verejná politika Využitie problémov politík na motiváciu výučby konceptov a metód ekonómie Complement CORE Econ with these resources Microeconomics: Competition, conflict, and coordination Microeconomics: Competition, conflict, and coordination CORE Econ authors Samuel Bowles' and Simon Halliday's intermediate microeconomics text. As a student or instructor, you can read and download a free PDF of the book, which is made available for individual use under a CC BY-NC-ND license. The PDF version of the book lacks the interactive features of the e-book available at https://learninglink.oup.com/ access/bowles-halliday1e. Why isn’t the whole world developed? Why isn’t the whole world developed? Discover Economics and CAGE's video series on economic history to understand the effect of colonisation and imperial interventions. Microeconomics: Competition, conflict, and coordination Microeconomics: Competition, conflict, and coordination CORE Econ authors Samuel Bowles' and Simon Halliday's intermediate microeconomics text. As a student or instructor, you can read and download a free PDF of the book, which is made available for individual use under a CC BY-NC-ND license. The PDF version of the book lacks the interactive features of the e-book available at https://learninglink.oup.com/ access/bowles-halliday1e. Why isn’t the whole world developed? Why isn’t the whole world developed? Discover Economics and CAGE's video series on economic history to understand the effect of colonisation and imperial interventions. Introduction to CORE Econ video Introducing The Economy 2.0: Microeconomics Video resource How would you like to access this video resource? Play in YouTube video What is CORE Econ? Video resource How would you like to access this video resource? Play in YouTube Play in Bilibili Download to my computer Read the transcript video Why CORE Econ? Video resource How would you like to access this video resource? Play in YouTube Play in Bilibili Download to my computer Read the transcript video Does CORE Econ work? Video resource How would you like to access this video resource? Play in YouTube Download to my computer Read the transcript video Do students like CORE Econ? Video resource How would you like to access this video resource? Play in YouTube Play in Bilibili Download to my computer Read the transcript CORE Insights Browse all CORE Insights Persistent racial inequality in the United States This CORE Insight explores the mechanisms which have caused and perpetuated racial inequality in the US, and what might be required to end it. Public debt: threat or opportunity? This Insight is an introduction to the historical origins and economic analysis of public debt. Too big to fail: lessons from a decade of financial sector reforms This Insight explores the reforms implemented after the global financial crisis to regulate too-big-to-fail banks. A world of differences: an introduction to inequality Read this Insight to learn about the meaning, measurement, and implications of economic inequality. Teaching Community Discuss, share ideas and resources with other CORE Econ instructors. Visit CORE Econ's Teaching Community Popular discussion Course based on ESPP Sunil Paul 04/05/2022 12.57pm ECONOMY, SOCIETY, AND PUBLIC POLICY Popular files Theory and Applications of Economic Indices Igor Uliyanov 14/06/2022 6.12pm EXERCISES Visualisations Simulations and interactive visualisations developed by CORE Econ. Access all visualisations Online courses Access CORE Econ’s free, online courses on FutureLearn, Coursera, and LabXchange. Browse all online courses Who is teaching CORE Econ? Find out which institutions have adopted CORE Econ, read instructors’ experiences, and download their course syllabus. Find out more Find out which institutions have adopted CORE Econ, read instructors’ experiences, and download their course syllabus.. Find out more Popular Resources Sign up to access all Resources web Test Bank The Economy 1.0 Test Bank Unit 1 web Financial Times articles mapped to CORE Econ CORE Econ-FT teaching and learning resource pdf Answers to exercises The Economy 1.0 Answers to exercises Unit 8 pdf Teaching The Economy online guides The Economy 1.0 Guide to online teaching Unit 9 Featured Teaching Packs Sign up to access all Teaching Packs 16 items The Economy Unit 1 Additional resources for Unit 1 of The Economy 12 items The Economy Unit 9 Additional resources for Unit 9 of The Economy 18 items The Economy Unit 19 Additional resources for Unit 19 of The Economy Featured Learning Packs Sign up to access all Learning Packs 1 item Test yourself Self-assessment resources for learners 9 items The Economy Unit 1 Additional resources related to Unit 1 of The Economy 3 items ESPP Unit 3 Additional resources related to Unit 3 of ESPP Featured Quizzes Sign up to access all Quizzes QUIZ 0/8 The Economy • Unit 1 The capitalist revolution QUIZ 0/11 The Economy • Unit 8 Supply and demand: Price taking and competitive markets QUIZ 0/10 The Economy • Unit 19 Capstone: Economic inequality QUIZ 0/11 The Economy • Unit 20 Capstone: Economics of the environment The latest from CORE Econ CORE Econ in the news Latest press coverage on CORE Econ Research on CORE Econ Find out how CORE Econ features in academic research. CORE Econ Blog Latest news and blogs from the CORE Econ team Tweets by @coreeconteam by @coreeconteam Sign up with your email address to receive CORE Econ updates About CORE Econ About Meet CORE Econ Who is teaching CORE Econ? Research on CORE Econ ebooks The Economy Economy, Society and Public Policy Doing Economics Experiencing Economics CORE Insights Help and Support Contact us Terms of use and copyright Privacy policy How to use CORE Econ’s branding Donate to CORE Econ Copyright CORE Economics Education 2024 The CORE Econ website uses essential cookies to make our website work. You may disable these using your browser settings but this may affect website functionality (such as your access to logged-in resources). We would also like to use analytics cookies to help us improve the functionality of our website and improve your user experience. These analytics cookies will be set only if you accept. We do not sell or otherwise transfer personal data or usage data to any third parties or use it for any other purpose. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Privacy policy. Accept essential cookies only Accept all cookies