Foley & Lardner LLP - Law Firm Newsroom Offices About Us Careers Sectors Practice Areas People Insights Trending Topics Cancel Sectors Practice Areas People Insights Trending Topics Newsroom Offices About Us Careers Client Lens We look beyond the law, partnering with our clients to deliver holistic business solutions. Explore Sectors Explore Our Practice Areas Find an Attorney Find a Service Featured Insights View All Insights 16 February 2024 Health Care Law Today “Let’s Talk Compliance”: Hot Topics in Compliance PYA and Foley & Lardner hosted the 6th Annual “Let’s Talk Compliance” two-day Virtual Conference on January 18 and 19, 2024. 15 February 2024 Innovative Technology Insights California Appellate Court Empowers Privacy Agency to Immediately Enforce CPRA Regulations On February 9, a California appellate court issued a decisive ruling in favor of the California Privacy Protection Agency, allowing the state to immediately begin enforcement of its new regulations, effectively overturning a prior decision that had delayed the enforcement of regulations created under the California Consumer Privacy Act until March 29, 2024. 15 February 2024 PTAB Trial Insights USPTO Warns Against Blind Reliance on Artificial Intelligence U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Director Kathi Vidal recently released a memorandum on the subject of the use of artificial intelligence by parties during proceedings before the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board and the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. Press Release Foley Announces 23 New Partners Foley & Lardner LLP has elected 23 lawyers to the firm’s partnership, effective February 1, 2024. The new partners represent 13 of Foley’s offices nationwide and span all four of the firm’s key sectors — Energy, Health Care & Life Sciences, Innovative Technology, and Manufacturing. The class consists of 43% women and 26% racial/ethnic minorities. For more: Click Here Foley Equipped AI-Powered Contract Review Is Here Foley Equipped is aimed to help clients manage the high volumes of contracts they receive. For more and to request a demo: Click Here Our success as a firm depends on your success as a member of our team. Professional experience and personal satisfaction begin the first day you walk through the door. Foley Careers Learn More About Joining Foley Being part of the Foley team is more than just a job – it’s a career path. Here, you’ll be given the opportunities and resources needed to help you build on your experience and advance your personal and professional goals. Explore Career Paths About us We Are Foley Foley & Lardner LLP is a preeminent law firm that stands at the nexus of the energy, health care and life sciences, innovative technology, and manufacturing sectors. For nearly two centuries, Foley has maintained its commitment to the highest level of innovative legal services and to the stewardship of our people, firm, clients, and the communities we serve. Learn More About Us Newsroom Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Core Values Offices We look beyond the law to focus on the constantly evolving demands facing our clients. About Us Offices Careers Sectors Practice Areas Insights Terms of Use Privacy Policy Policy Center Cookie Preferences Client Login Contact Us © 2024 Foley & Lardner LLP Attorney Advertisement Images of people may not be Foley personnel. Connect on LinkedIn Connect on Instagram Connect on Facebook Connect on Twitter Connect on Youtube