EcoWatch - For a Healthier Planet and Life 573k 238k 37k Subscribe Climate Energy Policy Renewables Culture Science Go Solar Today Top Companies By State California Solar Companies Texas Solar Companies New York Solar Companies Florida Solar Companies See All States Top Incentives By State California Solar Incentives Texas Solar Incentives New York Solar Incentives Florida Solar Incentives See All States Solar Panel Costs By State Solar Panel Costs in California Solar Panel Costs in Texas Solar Panel Costs in New York Solar Panel Costs in Florida See All States Value of Solar by State Is Solar Worth It In California? Is Solar Worth It in Texas? Is Solar Worth It New York? Is Solar Worth It In Florida? See All States Company Reviews Tesla Solar Review Sunrun Solar Review SunPower Solar Review Vivint Solar Review See All Companies Common Solar Questions Can You Get Free Solar Panels? Does Solar Increase Home Value? What’re The Best Solar Batteries? Can You Finance Solar? Where To Buy Solar Panels? Payback On Solar Panels? Solar Resources Interactive Solar Calculator Federal Solar Tax Credit 2023 Best Solar Panels For Most Homes Tesla Solar Roof Review Cheapest Solar Panels Companies Compared SunPower vs Tesla Solar SunRun vs Tesla Solar SunRun vs SunPower SunPower vs Momentum Solar SunPower vs ADT Solar Climate Energy Policy Renewables Culture Science Go Solar Today Go Solar Today Top Companies By State California Solar Companies Texas Solar Companies New York Solar Companies Florida Solar Companies See All States Top Incentives By State California Solar Incentives Texas Solar Incentives New York Solar Incentives Florida Solar Incentives See All States Solar Panel Costs By State Solar Panel Costs in California Solar Panel Costs in Texas Solar Panel Costs in New York Solar Panel Costs in Florida See All States Value of Solar by State Is Solar Worth It In California? Is Solar Worth It in Texas? Is Solar Worth It New York? Is Solar Worth It In Florida? See All States Company Reviews Tesla Solar Review Sunrun Solar Review SunPower Solar Review Vivint Solar Review See All Companies Common Solar Questions Can You Get Free Solar Panels? Does Solar Increase Home Value? What’re The Best Solar Batteries? Can You Finance Solar? Where To Buy Solar Panels? Payback On Solar Panels? Solar Resources Interactive Solar Calculator Federal Solar Tax Credit 2023 Best Solar Panels For Most Homes Tesla Solar Roof Review Cheapest Solar Panels Companies Compared SunPower vs Tesla Solar SunRun vs Tesla Solar SunRun vs SunPower SunPower vs Momentum Solar SunPower vs ADT Solar The best of EcoWatch right in your inbox. Sign up for our email newsletter! Sign me up for the newsletter! About EcoWatch Contact EcoWatch Terms of Use Privacy Policy Learn About Solar Energy 573k 238k 37k About EcoWatch Contact EcoWatch Terms of Use Privacy Policy Learn About Solar Energy 573k 238k 37k Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Most recent: Climate U.S. Ski Industry Lost $5 Billion Over 20 Years From Global Warming, Study Finds Climate / 18 hours ago In late 2023, some countries were already experiencing a delay in the start to ski season because of warmer than usual temperatures. Now, a new study has outlined just how much money ski resorts in the U.S. are losing as global warming leads to a loss of snow and shorter ski seasons. The study authors […] California Wildfire Smoke Impacts Indigenous Communities Nearly 2x More Than Expected Climate / March 1, 2024 El Niño Predicted to Supercharge Record Global Heating in 2024 Climate / March 1, 2024 U.S. Department of Energy Finalizes Washer and Dryer Efficiency Standards Climate / March 1, 2024 Business U.S. Ski Industry Lost $5 Billion Over 20 Years From Global Warming, Study Finds By Paige Bennett / 18 hours ago In late 2023, some countries were already experiencing a delay in the start to ski season because of warmer than usual temperatures. Now, a new study has outlined just how much money ski resorts in the U.S. are losing as global warming leads to a loss of snow and shorter ski seasons. The study authors modeled 226 ski areas in four regional ski markets in the U.S. to predict what the country’s ski industry may look like without influences from climate change, such as a loss of snow and the […] Culture New Documentary Explores Climate Breakdown and ‘Protectors’ Fighting to Adapt Climate / February 14, 2024 4 Must-Read Graphic Nonfiction Books About the Environment Culture / January 18, 2024 Birding 101: Everything You Need to Know Adventure / December 23, 2023 How to Get Your Garden Winter-Ready Culture / December 20, 2023 4 of the Most Picturesque Car-Free Towns in the U.S. Adventure / November 17, 2023 Join our Newsletter The best of EcoWatch, right in your inbox.Sign up for our email newsletter! Sign me up for the newsletter! By signing up you agree to receive emails from EcoWatch and to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Editors’ Picks Policy What’s at Stake at COP28 By Olivia Rosane / November 30, 2023 The next United Nations Climate Change Conference, otherwise known as COP28, begins Thursday in the United Arab Emirates. The conference, which lasts through December 12, comes at a critical moment in global efforts to contain the climate crisis. The latest UN Emissions Gap Report, released ahead of the talks, found that nations’ current emissions reduction pledges, called nationally determined contributions (NDCs) under the Paris agreement, would put the world on track for 2.9 degrees Celsius of warming beyond pre-industrial levels by 2100. Yet 2023, at an average 1.1 degrees Celsius of warming, is already shattering records with the hottest temperatures in 125,000 years, which have fueled deadly heat waves, floods and wildfires. “The negotiations that are going to start in Dubai… are absolutely crucial, actually, for our chances to limit warming to 1.5C for a […] Read more… Pollution ‘To Dye For’: The Toxic Evolution of Fast Fashion by Alden Wicker By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / September 6, 2023 Some books take you on epic emotional journeys, while others provide you with knowledge and insights on a new subject. To Dye For, an account of the toxic evolution of fast fashion by Alden Wicker — from its mauvine- and arsenic-tinted beginnings to the takeover of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) — does both. It is essential reading for those who have ever experienced skin sensitivity, a rash or worse due to clothing laden with harmful chemicals. And for anyone interested in the true cost of the modern fast fashion that is polluting the world with toxins and discarded bargain clothing. I had the pleasure of talking with Wicker recently about the book, which delves into the toxicity of contemporary fast fashion, as well as its Victorian era origins. I asked how she first became […] Read more… Food and Agriculture Tasty, Carbon-Negative Kelp Burgers Are ‘Everything That’s Right With the Food System’ By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / 23 hours ago There are all sorts of meatless burgers out there, from bean and soy to those trying to look and taste like beef, but have you ever tried a Kelp Burger? If not, you’re missing out on a flavorful, nuanced, sustainable eating experience. Kelps are large brown seaweeds or algae that grow in underwater forests. There are 30 different types, and they are all extremely beneficial for the environment. Kelp absorbs carbon dioxide from seawater to the tune of nearly five million tons each year, according to New Scientist, which helps reduce ocean acidification, as well as sequesters phosphorus and nitrogen. Kelp also provides habitat for fish and other marine life. Kelp isn’t just good for the ocean and the atmosphere, it’s good for you — tasty and packed with vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. In 2021, […] Read more… Oceans ‘Tides Are Changing’: Meet the Winners of the UN’s 10th Annual World Oceans Day Photo Competition By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / June 13, 2023 Our world’s oceans are stunning, so what better way to capture their wide array of colors, personalities and awe-inspiring vastness than through the art of photography? This year, the 10th Annual Photo Competition for United Nations World Ocean Day (UN WOD) received thousands of photo submissions from around the world surrounding the theme, “Planet Ocean: Tides Are Changing.” Six first-place winners were selected and announced by actor and activist Lucas Bravo and the respective judges during the live broadcast of UN WOD at New York’s UN headquarters on June 8. The free competition launched in March and explored six thematic categories connected with the overarching theme of the 2023 UN WOD; they are: No Time to Waste, Putting the Ocean First, The Wonderful World of Tides, Ocean Is Life, Big & Small Underwater Faces and […] Read more… Editorial contributors Tiffany Duong Tiffany Duong is an explorer and storyteller. She holds degrees from UCLA and the University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School. Inspired by an epic dive trip, she left corporate law to campaign for our planet. Now, she writes, speaks and leads from dense jungles to remote oceans to the changing Arctic. Her mission is to inspire meaningful action and lasting change. Cristen Hemingway Jaynes Cristen is a writer of fiction and nonfiction. She holds a JD and an Ocean & Coastal Law Certificate from University of Oregon School of Law and an MA in Creative Writing from Birkbeck, University of London. She is the author of the short story collection The Smallest of Entryways, as well as the travel biography, Ernest’s Way: An International Journey Through Hemingway’s Life. Linnea Harris Linnea graduated from Skidmore College in 2019 with a Bachelor’s degree in English and Environmental Studies, and now lives in Brooklyn, New York. Along with her most recent position at Hunger Free America, she has interned with the Sierra Club in Washington, DC., Saratoga Living Magazine, and Philadelphia’s NPR Member Station, WHYY. Paige Bennett Based in Los Angeles, Paige is a writer who is passionate about sustainability. She earned her Bachelor’s degree in Journalism from Ohio University and holds a certificate in Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies. She also specialized in sustainable agriculture while pursuing her undergraduate degree. Libby Leonard Libby Leonard is a Hawaii-based journalist with work in National Geographic, SF Gate, Yes! Magazine, The Guardian, Civil Eats, and Modern Farmer. She is also a member of the Society of Environmental Journalists. Craig Thompson Craig Thompson is a freelance writer interested in the intersection of tech, policy and human ingenuity on the future landscape of energy and climate change. He’s written for Venture Beat, Xconomy, the Village Voice, and PopMatters. He holds a graduate degree in journalism from the Craig Newmark Graduate School of Journalism. Bridget Reed Morawski Bridget is a freelance reporter and newsletter writer based in the Washington, DC, area. She primarily writes about energy, conservation and the environment. Originally from Philadelphia, she graduated from Emerson College in 2016 with a degree in journalism and a minor in environmental studies. When she isn’t working on a story, she’s normally on a northern Maine lake or traveling abroad to practice speaking Spanish. Olivia Rosane Olivia Rosane is an environmental journalist with a decade’s worth of experience. She has been contributing to EcoWatch since 2018 and has also covered environmental themes for Common Dreams, Atmos, Rewilding, Seattle Met, Treehugger, The Trouble, YES! Magazine and Real Life. She holds a Ph.D. in English Literature from the University of Cambridge and a master’s in Art and Politics from Goldsmiths, University of London. Learn about solutions Learn About Solar Energy EcoWatch regularly reviews solar companies around the country. See if solar energy is right for you. Learn About Windows Having energy-efficient windows can save you hundreds on energy bills annually and help do your part to preserve our environment. Learn About Gutters Keeping your gutters clean is key to being an eco-friendly homeowner. Learn about how to manage your gutters sustainably. EcoWatch Explainers Pollinators 101: Everything You Need to Know Quick Key Facts What Are ‘Pollinators’? A pollinator transports pollen from the stamen (male part) of the flower of a plant to the stigma (female part) of the original or […] Zero Waste 101: Everything You Need to Know Quick Key Facts What is Zero Waste? You’ve likely heard the old adage, “reduce, reuse, recycle.” While this has been a cornerstone of sustainability, with many kids hearing this golden […] Carbon Offsets 101: Why We Can’t Offset Our Way Out of the Climate Crisis What Are Carbon Offsets? Carbon offsets are in theory a way to cancel out greenhouse gas emissions by funding an activity that will remove a supposedly equal amount of carbon […] Urban Gardening 101: Everything You Need to Know Quick Key Facts What is ‘Urban Gardening’? Urban gardening refers to growing food in a heavily populated place like a town or a city. It doesn’t require a huge amount […] Degrowth 101: Everything You Need to Know Quick Key Facts What Is Degrowth? Degrowth is the idea that the purpose of the economy should not be growth as such but rather ensuring the well-being of everyone in […] Electric Vehicles 101: Everything You Need to Know If you think electric cars are a new concept, you’re not alone. Until recently, EV’s drew interest mainly from a niche group of enthusiasts. Gasoline-powered cars and trucks are usually […] Climate The climate crisis impacts all of humanity. Here are some of our articles on key issues and topics related to climate. U.S. Ski Industry Lost $5 Billion Over 20 Years From Global Warming, Study Finds By Paige Bennett / 18 hours ago In late 2023, some countries were already experiencing a delay in the start to ski season because of warmer than usual temperatures. Now, a new study has outlined just how much money ski resorts in the U.S. are losing as global warming leads to a loss of snow and shorter ski seasons. The study authors […] California Wildfire Smoke Impacts Indigenous Communities Nearly 2x More Than Expected By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / March 1, 2024 El Niño Predicted to Supercharge Record Global Heating in 2024 By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / March 1, 2024 U.S. Department of Energy Finalizes Washer and Dryer Efficiency Standards By Paige Bennett / March 1, 2024 1 Million-Acre Wildfire Moves Across Texas Panhandle, Destroying Homes, Ranches and Grasslands By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / February 29, 2024 Energy The energy industry has one of the biggest impacts on the health of the planet. Here are some of our latest articles on key issues and topics related to energy. See more U.S. Department of Energy Finalizes Washer and Dryer Efficiency Standards By Paige Bennett / March 1, 2024 The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has announced finalized energy efficiency standards for washing machines and dryers. According to the DOE, the new standards could save U.S. households a total of $2.2 billion annually on utility costs, with savings of up to $39 billion on energy and water bills over 30 years. Additionally, the measures […] Some EU Countries Are Reaching 2030 Sustainability Targets Early By Paige Bennett / February 29, 2024 Well-Managed Solar Parks Could Boost Pollinators in UK, Study Says By Paige Bennett / February 28, 2024 Biden’s DOE Announces $366 Million for Green Energy Projects in Rural and Remote Areas By Cristen Hemingway Jaynes / February 27, 2024 Shell-Owned ‘Clean Energy’ Startup Features Oil and Gas Projects on Its Job Board By Paige Bennett / February 27, 2024 The best of EcoWatch right in your inbox. Sign up for our email newsletter! Sign me up for the newsletter! Climate Animals Health + Wellness Insights + Opinion Adventure Oceans Business Solar About EcoWatch Contact EcoWatch EcoWatch Reviews Terms of Use Privacy Policy Learn About Solar Energy Learn About Deregulated Energy EcoWatch UK Follow Us 573k 238k 37k Subscribe Experts for a healthier planet and life. Mentioned by: Learn more Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell My Information © 2024 EcoWatch. All Rights Reserved.