Durham University Skip to main content About Us How to Contact Us Library & Collections Business School Things To Do Expand Study Show submenu for Study Study sub-menu Undergraduate Postgraduate International Careers, Employability and Enterprise Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Wider Student Experience sub-menu Our Colleges Enrichment Activities Student Support & Wellbeing Welcome and Orientation Research & Business Show submenu for Research & Business Research & Business sub-menu Current Research Institutes and Centres Helping Business Facilities and Services Alumni Show submenu for Alumni Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham Global Durham sub-menu World-wide Research and Partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit Us Show submenu for Visit Us Visit Us sub-menu Open Days and Visits Attractions For Schools and Colleges Location Search Search Open menu Study Show submenu for Study Undergraduate Postgraduate International Careers, Employability and Enterprise Wider Student Experience Show submenu for Wider Student Experience Our Colleges Enrichment Activities Student Support & Wellbeing Welcome and Orientation Research & Business Show submenu for Research & Business Current Research Institutes and Centres Helping Business Facilities and Services Alumni Global Durham Show submenu for Global Durham World-wide Research and Partnerships Global Networks and Consortia Visit Us Show submenu for Visit Us Open Days and Visits Attractions For Schools and Colleges Location About Us How to Contact Us Library & Collections Business School Things To Do Search durham.ac.uk Search Close search Join our Postgraduate Open Day Explore your options for further study with our open day on Wednesday 13 March. Booking now open Find a course Search Popular searches: History Engineering Psychology Geography Physics Law View all courses Discover Explore our global research Discover how our incredible researchers are changing lives around the world, as we launch a new Global Research Brochure. International Women's Day On International Women’s Day we are celebrating our women who are inspiring others all over the world. Find out how we're marking the day. Explore our global research Discover how our incredible researchers are changing lives around the world, as we launch a new Global Research Brochure. International Women's Day On International Women’s Day we are celebrating our women who are inspiring others all over the world. Find out how we're marking the day. Your next steps Undergraduate Study Postgraduate Study Chat To Us Open Days Undergraduate Study Postgraduate Study Chat To Us Open Days Events in the Middle East: support and assistance for students and staff Read our statement and answers to frequently asked questions. Find out more Research Impact at Durham We conduct innovative and impactful research to transform lives and make a difference, globally and locally: research to empower and inspire. Discover more about our research impact What's new? Filter: What's new? Research news Student news Thought leadership Business & community Satellites are burning up in the upper atmosphere – and we still don’t know what impact this will have on the Earth’s climate 100 Starlink satellites will be sent to burn up in the atmosphere, but does this present bad news for the ozone layer? Dr Fionagh Thomson from our Centre for Extragalactic Astronomy in our Physics department has taken a deeper look to assess whether there should be concerns for the environment. Global research SuperBIT makes Nature Astronomy front cover An international project involving Durham University which flew a gigantic balloon-borne telescope to the edge of space has made the front cover of the prestigious journal Nature Astronomy. Global research Report shows Durham’s major contribution to regional economy and job creation Research-intensive universities, including Durham, generated almost £900million for the North East of England through research, innovation and the creation of new businesses, according to a new report. Research news Durham Engineer named in the prestigious Northern Power Women – Future List Dr Beth Barnes from our top-rated Engineering department has recently been named in the 2024 Northern Power Women – Future List. Durham news Investing in our Students Supporting our students is always a priority at Durham. We’ve listened to student feedback on key issues, invested heavily in our services for students and increased the amount of support available for many different areas of university life. Student news Discover our students' performances across the North East this March In March, our talented students will bring music to North East audiences, performing at iconic venues and working alongside accomplished professional ensembles. Durham news Leaders who are present in times of crises reduce worker’s stress and burnout In times of organisational crisis, the visibility of leaders plays a crucial role in alleviating worker stress levels and reducing the likelihood of burnout. Research involving Professor Peter Hamilton delves into the significance of senior leader presence during crises, examining its effects on worker well-being, with ICU nurses and their managers during the COVID-19 pandemic serving as a case study. Global research Satellites are burning up in the upper atmosphere – and we still don’t know what impact this will have on the Earth’s climate 100 Starlink satellites will be sent to burn up in the atmosphere, but does this present bad news for the ozone layer? Dr Fionagh Thomson from our Centre for Extragalactic Astronomy in our Physics department has taken a deeper look to assess whether there should be concerns for the environment. Global research SuperBIT makes Nature Astronomy front cover An international project involving Durham University which flew a gigantic balloon-borne telescope to the edge of space has made the front cover of the prestigious journal Nature Astronomy. Global research Report shows Durham’s major contribution to regional economy and job creation Research-intensive universities, including Durham, generated almost £900million for the North East of England through research, innovation and the creation of new businesses, according to a new report. Research news Durham Engineer named in the prestigious Northern Power Women – Future List Dr Beth Barnes from our top-rated Engineering department has recently been named in the 2024 Northern Power Women – Future List. Durham news Investing in our Students Supporting our students is always a priority at Durham. We’ve listened to student feedback on key issues, invested heavily in our services for students and increased the amount of support available for many different areas of university life. Student news Discover our students' performances across the North East this March In March, our talented students will bring music to North East audiences, performing at iconic venues and working alongside accomplished professional ensembles. Durham news Leaders who are present in times of crises reduce worker’s stress and burnout In times of organisational crisis, the visibility of leaders plays a crucial role in alleviating worker stress levels and reducing the likelihood of burnout. Research involving Professor Peter Hamilton delves into the significance of senior leader presence during crises, examining its effects on worker well-being, with ICU nurses and their managers during the COVID-19 pandemic serving as a case study. Global research More news Scientists discover the real-life impacts of northern elephant seal bottleneck New research of northern elephant seals has revealed their reproductive and foraging success has been affected by a population bottleneck which nearly caused their extinction and could make them vulnerable as the environment changes in the future. Research news Durham researchers’ partner with agricultural innovator to tackle pesticide resistance Academics and researchers in our Biosciences department are renowned for their world-class research and expertise. Research news Social media coverage of war impacts mental wellbeing An international team of researchers, including members of our Department of Psychology, have established the psychological and mental health impacts of the war on the general public. Research news Scientists discover the real-life impacts of northern elephant seal bottleneck New research of northern elephant seals has revealed their reproductive and foraging success has been affected by a population bottleneck which nearly caused their extinction and could make them vulnerable as the environment changes in the future. Durham researchers’ partner with agricultural innovator to tackle pesticide resistance Academics and researchers in our Biosciences department are renowned for their world-class research and expertise. Social media coverage of war impacts mental wellbeing An international team of researchers, including members of our Department of Psychology, have established the psychological and mental health impacts of the war on the general public. Celebrating International Women’s Day through student music and theatre A host of performances at Durham illustrates how our students are marking the creative and artistic talent of women. Durham news Explore a world full of performances from Durham students This February we’re exploring how our talented students weave global themes into productions and concerts here at Durham. Durham news Student Employee of the Year award nominations now open! The annual Student Employee of the Year Awards (SEOTY) aim to recognise and celebrate the achievements of students who combine part time work with their studies. These prestigious awards also proved the chance to highlight excellent student employers, who provide valuable work experience opportunities. With six distinct categories open to individuals, employers and teams, plus the chance to win up to £100 in vouchers, the SEOTY Awards are a great way to celebrate success. Student news Celebrating International Women’s Day through student music and theatre A host of performances at Durham illustrates how our students are marking the creative and artistic talent of women. Explore a world full of performances from Durham students This February we’re exploring how our talented students weave global themes into productions and concerts here at Durham. Student Employee of the Year award nominations now open! The annual Student Employee of the Year Awards (SEOTY) aim to recognise and celebrate the achievements of students who combine part time work with their studies. These prestigious awards also proved the chance to highlight excellent student employers, who provide valuable work experience opportunities. With six distinct categories open to individuals, employers and teams, plus the chance to win up to £100 in vouchers, the SEOTY Awards are a great way to celebrate success. Looking back to build a better future Ita Mac Carthy is Professor of early modern Italian literature and art in our School of Modern Languages and Cultures. She also directs the Institute for Medieval and Early Modern Studies (IMEMS) with Professor Richard Scholar. She recently took part in an Ideas Forum as part of 'UP North Culture + Knowledge: Growing Opportunities in the North East’. Here she discusses why Research Institutes like IMEMS can help us build a better future together for the North East of England. Research news Journalism in a post-truth world Social media, AI and 'fake news' are among the many challenges facing journalism today. South College Principal, Professor Tim Luckhurst, who has a decades-long career in journalism, shares his views on journalism in a post-truth world ahead of an event at South College where expert panellists will discuss the issue. Durham news Why forgetting is a normal function of memory – and when to worry Professor Alexander Easton, who works in our Psychology department, explores at what point you should start to feel concerned if you or a loved one start to forget things. Research news Looking back to build a better future Ita Mac Carthy is Professor of early modern Italian literature and art in our School of Modern Languages and Cultures. She also directs the Institute for Medieval and Early Modern Studies (IMEMS) with Professor Richard Scholar. She recently took part in an Ideas Forum as part of 'UP North Culture + Knowledge: Growing Opportunities in the North East’. Here she discusses why Research Institutes like IMEMS can help us build a better future together for the North East of England. Journalism in a post-truth world Social media, AI and 'fake news' are among the many challenges facing journalism today. South College Principal, Professor Tim Luckhurst, who has a decades-long career in journalism, shares his views on journalism in a post-truth world ahead of an event at South College where expert panellists will discuss the issue. Why forgetting is a normal function of memory – and when to worry Professor Alexander Easton, who works in our Psychology department, explores at what point you should start to feel concerned if you or a loved one start to forget things. Supporting the roll-out of innovative tutoring model We’re helping deliver an innovative tutoring programme that will see our students work with local schools to help pupils develop their literacy skills. Durham news How we're making a difference locally and globally In her monthly column, our Vice-Chancellor Professor Karen O'Brien shares some examples of how Durham University research is making a difference, locally and globally, and invites all to join our Global Week events, starting this weekend (Saturday 24 February). Durham news Explore February's Community Newsletter Want to know more about how we interact with our local community? Our monthly Community Newsletter explores the news, events, and research both at Durham University and in the city itself. Durham news Supporting the roll-out of innovative tutoring model We’re helping deliver an innovative tutoring programme that will see our students work with local schools to help pupils develop their literacy skills. How we're making a difference locally and globally In her monthly column, our Vice-Chancellor Professor Karen O'Brien shares some examples of how Durham University research is making a difference, locally and globally, and invites all to join our Global Week events, starting this weekend (Saturday 24 February). Explore February's Community Newsletter Want to know more about how we interact with our local community? Our monthly Community Newsletter explores the news, events, and research both at Durham University and in the city itself. Upcoming events These Things Shall Be: Ailsa Dixon Wednesday 6 March 2024 - Wednesday 6 March 2024 7:30 PM to 9:00 PM Kenworthy Hall, St Mary’s College, Elvet Hill Road, Durham, DH1 3LR Postgraduate Open Day Wednesday 13 March 2024 - Wednesday 13 March 2024 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Teaching and Learning Centre, Durham University International Womens Day: Rebuilding soils, an engineers perspective Wednesday 6 March 2024 - Wednesday 6 March 2024 1:00 PM to 1:50 PM ES231 (TR4) Journalism in a Post-truth World Tuesday 5 March 2024 - Tuesday 5 March 2024 2:30 PM to 6:00 PM South College, Durham University, The Drive, Mount Oswald, Durham, DH1 3LD These Things Shall Be: Ailsa Dixon Wednesday 6 March 2024 - Wednesday 6 March 2024 7:30 PM to 9:00 PM Kenworthy Hall, St Mary’s College, Elvet Hill Road, Durham, DH1 3LR Postgraduate Open Day Wednesday 13 March 2024 - Wednesday 13 March 2024 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Teaching and Learning Centre, Durham University International Womens Day: Rebuilding soils, an engineers perspective Wednesday 6 March 2024 - Wednesday 6 March 2024 1:00 PM to 1:50 PM ES231 (TR4) Journalism in a Post-truth World Tuesday 5 March 2024 - Tuesday 5 March 2024 2:30 PM to 6:00 PM South College, Durham University, The Drive, Mount Oswald, Durham, DH1 3LD See all events From our Student Blogs: Incredible things about doing a postgraduate degree at Durham In this blog, Inês who is studying for a master’s degree in forensic archaeology and anthropology, explains why studying for a postgraduate degree was the right decision for her. Read Inês's blog Our ground-breaking research that inspired Lumiere 2023 Professor Nicole Westmarland, from Durham Centre for Research into Violence and Abuse was involved in the development of On Blank Pages, which explores the state of the UK justice system. Carlos Frenk, Ogden Professor of Fundamental Physics worked on Universal Loom. While Durham Energy Institute was part of the team behind Diamond Garden, that focused on themes of sustainability. Explore our research Powered by Curator.io Contact Durham University About Us Durham University on Twitter Durham University on Facebook Durham University on LinkedIn Durham University on YouTube Durham University on Instagram The University About Us Jobs Contact Us Visit Us Our Colleges Academic Departments Ceremonies Statements and Policies Notices Statement on Modern Slavery Freedom of Expression Covid-19 Information Website Accessibility Student Complaints and Non-Academic Misconduct Safeguarding Business Services Helping Business Analytical Services Global Durham International Consortia Research & Partnerships Useful Links Learn Ultra Banner Self Service Staff Directory Technician Commitment DU Hub (Internal) IT Help and Support The Palatine CentreDurham UniversityStockton RoadDurham DH1 3LE Charitable Status Disclaimer Trading Name Cookie Policy Privacy Notices ©2023 Durham University