University of Cambridge Skip to main content Search Menu Close Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Alumni Business and enterprise Cambridge students News Jobs Research Colleges and departments Staff pages Email and phone search About the University The rise of Dawn The UK’s fastest AI supercomputer, Dawn, is supporting ambitious goals in clean energy, personalised medicine and climate. Take a look at how Dawn is being used. Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Courses How to apply How to choose a College International students Term dates Visit us Courses Funding How to apply Fees International students Virtual tour Undergraduate Learn more about undergraduate study Find your undergraduate course Postgraduate Learn more about postgraduate study Find your postgraduate course Pythagoras was wrong: there are no universal harmonies! | Cambridge research Video of Pythagoras was wrong: there are no universal harmonies! | Cambridge research Why Cambridge? Find out why studying at Cambridge is for you How to apply Step-by-step guidance on the applications process Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Libraries Museums Research Business and enterprise Alumni Sport News Updates from across the University News - Vice-Chancellor visits North West Vice-Chancellor Professor Deborah Prentice is visiting the North West of England this week to encourage more applications from the region. News - Cambridge's new capsule sponge test trialled by NHS A new test to help diagnose a condition that can lead to oesophageal cancer – developed by Cambridge researchers and trialled by the NHS – has reduced the need for invasive endoscopy in thousands of low-risk patients. News - Poems on the Underground at Cambridge Poems on the Underground archive has delighted millions of commuters, tourists and Londoners since 1986. The donated archive of poetry arrives at its new home at the University Library. See more news Events Concerts, lectures, sports events, and more Sport - Varsity Rugby Matches - Saturday 2 March The legendary Cambridge vs Oxford Varsity Rugby Matches will be taking place at Saracens StoneX Stadium. Secure your tickets to witness the exciting action and fierce competition of the 141st men’s and 36th matches. Lecture - The Darwin Lectures: revolution - until 8 March This year’s Darwin Lecture series takes the pretty big topic of revolution as its theme. To some revolutions are dangerous, fearsome and worrying … to others they’re exciting and provide an opportunity to change society for the better. Festival - Cambridge Festival cancer events - from 13 March to 28 March New types of cancer treatment – which use the body’s immune system to fight the disease and are “kinder” to patients than chemotherapy ­– will feature at this year’s Cambridge Festival. See more events Student perspectives Am I doing good enough A-levels? #VersusPastDoubts Video of Am I doing good enough A-levels? #VersusPastDoubts Have you chosen your A-levels yet? Your subjects don't define who you are, but the passion that you have for your subject does. Here's some advice from Cambridge students Amenie and Denzel that worked for them before they applied. YouTube Cambridge on Instagram Nature and architectural beauty intertwine at Emmanuel College. Follow us on Instagram for snapshots of our people and places. Instagram Follow us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Tik Tok University of Cambridge © 2024 University of Cambridge Contact the University Accessibility statement Freedom of information Privacy policy and cookies Statement on Modern Slavery Terms and conditions University A-Z Study at Cambridge Undergraduate Postgraduate Continuing education Executive and professional education Courses in education About the University How the University and Colleges work Give to Cambridge Jobs Maps Visiting the University Cambridge University Press & Assessment Research at Cambridge Research news About research at Cambridge Public engagement Spotlight on...