Multi-Factor Authentication & Single Sign-On | Duo Security Skip navigation Duo Blog Docs & Support See All Duo Documentation Getting Started with Duo Duo Essentials Edition Remote Access & VPN See All Duo Resources Events & Webinars eBooks Duo Videos See all Duo Support Support for Duo Users Support for Admins Additional Support Information Admin Login Our Product Our Product Simple Tools for Complex Security Needs Connect and protect your employees, business partners and customers with identity-powered security. Explore All Products How Does Duo Work for You? Get the security features your business needs with a variety of plans at several price points. Duo for Small to Medium Businesses Desktop and mobile access protection with basic reporting and secure single sign-on. Duo for Enterprise All Duo Small/Medium Business features, plus adaptive access policies, greater device visibility, plus advanced device insights and remote access solutions. Duo for Federal Government FedRamp authorized, end-to-end FIPS compliant, streamlined solutions. Duo for State and Local Government Meet compliance objectives with our friction-free MFA. Compare Editions Ready to Buy Now? Key Capabilities Duo provides secure access to any application with a broad range of capabilities. Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Verify the identities of all users with MFA. Remote Access Provide secure access to on-premise applications. Device Trust Ensure all devices meet security standards. Single Sign-On (SSO) Provide secure access to any app from a single dashboard. Adaptive Access Policies Block or grant access based on users' role, location, and more. Explore Demos Contact a Duo Rep Solutions Solutions Secure Access for a Variety of Industries & Use Cases Duo’s security is customizable, easy to set up and simple to use, making it the perfect solution for a wide range of industries. Explore Our Solutions By Industry Duo provides secure access for a variety of industries, projects, and companies. K-12 Education Higher Education Finance Healthcare Legal Retail Technology Federal Government State & Local Government Meeting Your Goals Whether you're considering a big-picture security strategy like zero trust, or you want to address a specific threat like phishing attacks, Duo has you covered. Access Management This set of tools and policy controls ensures only the right users have access to applications and resources and under the right conditions. Zero Trust Security A zero trust model establishes trust in users and devices through authentication and continuous monitoring. Passwordless Duo's comprehensive access security sets the stage for user-friendly, password-free multi-factor authentication. Phishing Prevention Secure your workforce against phishing attacks with strong multi-factor authentication, device trust and more. Risk-Based Authentication Duo’s dynamic solution detects and responds to potential threat signals to secure trusted users and frustrate attackers. Explore Demos Contact a Duo Rep Why Duo? Why Duo? Strong MFA Security that Doesn't Sacrifice Productivity With Duo, you can have both, in a platform that integrates across your entire ecosystem. Every user, every device, no exceptions. Why You Should Choose Duo Have It All Duo delivers peace of mind with strong security and increased productivity at an unmatched value. Speed to Security Reduce friction and automate processes so that end-users and administrators can focus their time on moving your business forward. Next Level MFA Duo continues to pioneer MFA-approaches that keep your business a step ahead of the next threat. Protection and Productivity Our Risk-Based Authentication reduces the burden placed on users so they can verify their identity quickly and get back to the task at hand. Complete Coverage Close the gap on your security perimeter and bring every user and every device under one secure roof. Explore Customer Stories Duo provides secure access for a variety of industries, projects, and companies. Explore Duo Demos Click through our instant demos to explore Duo features. About Duo Duo Security is part of Cisco Security — find out how we make global security resilience easier than ever! Explore Demos Contact a Duo Rep Pricing Duo Blog Docs & Support See All Duo Documentation Getting Started with Duo Duo Essentials Edition Remote Access & VPN See All Duo Resources Events & Webinars eBooks Duo Videos See all Duo Support Support for Duo Users Support for Admins Additional Support Information Admin Login Duo Blog Docs & Support See All Duo Documentation Getting Started with Duo Duo Essentials Edition Remote Access & VPN See All Duo Resources Events & Webinars eBooks Duo Videos See all Duo Support Support for Duo Users Support for Admins Additional Support Information Admin Login Search Contact Sales Free Trial Contact Sales Free Trial Attackers hate us. Users love us. Easy to use. Incredibly effective. Cisco Duo simplifies access management for your workplace. Free sign up Contact sales One of the world’s most trusted access management tools From start-ups to large enterprises, companies of all sizes depend on Cisco Duo to prevent unauthorized access. Monthly User Authentications Customers Globally Return on Investment* *The Total Economic Impact™ of Cisco Duo, a commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting, February 2023. Results are based on a composite organization. Because the last thing your business needs is an identity crisisOur cloud-based identity security solutions help companies play it safe. The gold standard in MFAStay protected with flexible Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) including options using FIDO2 for phishing-resistant authentication — hook, line, and no sinker.Learn how MFA works Get picky with permissionsCustomize who gets access to what and when it's allowed. With adaptive access, you can quickly define granular permissions based on role, location, and device. Explore adaptive access No device left behindKeep your circle tight. Verify the trustworthiness of every device that tries to access your applications while simultaneously tracking their health status.See how it works One login to rule them allMinimize your attack surface with Single Sign-On (SSO) while reducing IT costs and providing one easy, consistent login experience for all applications.Try Single Sign-On Anyone, anywhere, any deviceRemote access that doesn’t feel remote at all. With Cisco Duo, your team can work securely from anywhere using principles of zero trust — all without the need for a VPN.Get remote access Built to fit your business Get 30 days free. Choose a plan, pay easily with a credit card, and get activated in minutes. Duo Free Add up to 10 usersStrong MFASeamless integrationsFree authenticator app Duo Essentials Includes everything in Duo Free, plus:Phishing resistant MFA using FIDO2Verified Duo PushSingle Sign-OnPasswordless authenticationTrusted endpointsUser group policies Duo Advantage Includes everything in Duo Essentials, plus:Risk-based authenticationAdaptive access policiesComplete device visibilityDevice health checkThreat detection Duo Premier Includes everything in Duo Access, plus:A comprehensive package for complete zero trust accessVPN-less remote access to private resourcesComplete device trust with endpoint protection check Compare plans Here's what Duo's devotees are saying Ivan Leichtlingformer Security Manager, Yelp“We were incredibly blown away at how our deployment went...this was the easiest deployment we’ve ever done. I’m really impressed.” Mike Johnsonformer CISO, Lyft"One of those rare solutions that both improves the security of our company while simultaneously being easier for our employees to use.” Christopher MartinManager of Identity and Access Security, AmeriGas"When we roll a technology out to users, we want to enable as much self-service as possible – not generate more help desk calls. This actually enables users – for example, they get a new phone and can easily get it enrolled." See More Let's Duo this! Get started free Search Our Product All Capabilities Mobile App MFA What is MFA 2FA 2FA Methods Single Sign-On Device Trust Remote Access Passwordless Zero Trust Customer Use Cases Duo for State & Local Government Duo for Federal Government Duo for Enterprise Duo for Small to Medium Business Editions and Partnerships Duo Editions Duo Free Duo Essentials Duo Advantage Duo Premier Ready to Buy Now? Partner with Duo Duo Partnership Program Duo Technology Partner Program Duo Managed Service Provider Duo Security Solutions Provider Docs and Support All Duo Docs Getting Started with Duo Admin Overview End User Guide Docs for Duo Editions Docs for Duo Integrations Support Duo Support System Status Support for End Users End User Guides Duo Mobile FAQ Get Duo Mobile iOS Get Duo Mobile Android Support for Administrators Knowledge Base Community Forum Resources All Resources About Duo Careers News & Press Events On Demand Events & Webinars Ebooks Duo Videos Interactive Demos InfoSec Glossary Follow Us International Resources: Select Language Français Deutsch Español 日本語 Select Language Français Deutsch Español 日本語 © 2024 Duo Terms of Service Privacy Statement Duo Privacy Data Sheet Copyright Dispute Policy Service Level Agreement Security Response Business Continuity During COVID-19 Cookies Top