Insights that connect you to success | Opensignal Skip to main content Download the app Market Insights All Insights Global filler Afghanistan Albania Algeria Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Bolivia Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Japan Kuwait Latvia Libya Lithuania Malaysia Maldives Mexico Morocco Myanmar Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tunisia Türkiye UAE UK Uruguay USA Vietnam All Reports Other Analysis and Insights Solutions Operators Regulators Analysts App Developers Opensignal Manifesto Independence Charter Analytics Charter Experience Charter Apps Opensignal app Meteor app About Careers Leadership DEI&B Newsroom Contact Blog Opensignal delivers unique insights that drive telecom operator success The global standard for network and subscriber insights NEW Opensignal Network Experience ONX Our newest product suite Read more What we do Opensignal is the leading global provider of independent insights into consumers' connectivity experiences and choice of carrier. Our proprietary insights into mobile and broadband networks give operators the solutions they need to profitably compete and win, from executive level scorecards and public validation to pin-point level engineering analytics and consumer decision dynamics. Our collection methods are proprietary and transparent, and enable operators to continually improve connectivity for all. The company is headquartered in the USA, with offices in the UK, Canada, Continental Europe, and Asia. 100+ Markets reported on 150+ Reports published annually 400+ Metrics analyzed Network Experience Insights Revealing the truth about connectivity experience globally Choose your market of interest Afghanistan Albania Algeria Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Bolivia Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Japan Kuwait Latvia Libya Lithuania Malaysia Maldives Mexico Morocco Myanmar Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Tunisia Türkiye UK United Arab Emirates Uruguay USA Vietnam or view all Market Insights Latest report Loading... Loading...Mobile Network Experience Report Global Report Feb 2024 Global Mobile Network Experience Awards 2024 Mobile Experience Awards Mar 2024 South AfricaMobile Network Experience Report Blog Mar 2024 #InspireInclusion the Opensignal way Mobile Experience Awards Feb 2024 PakistanMobile Network Experience Report Analysis Feb 2024 Croatia, Fixed Broadband Experience, February 2024 Blog Feb 2024 Opensignal illustrates the correlation between outage exposure and subscriber losses Blog Feb 2024 Opensignal Introduces its Fully Integrated Opensignal Network Experience Suite (ONX) Blog Feb 2024 Opensignal data shows the scale and progression of AT&T’s February outage Unrivalled insights Driving smarter customer-centric decisions Our insights reveal the competitive reality to operators, regulators and analysts, to direct decisions and investments to maximize results and improve connectivity for users. They unlock a clear view of network and market strengths, opportunities and priorities for improvement at local, regional and national level. Read more Network Operators Opensignal’s solutions take a holistic approach to enabling network operators to improve both their network experience and commercial performance. Regulators Regulators around the world use our insights when working with the industry to create an environment that maximizes the quality of service provided to citizens and businesses within their territory. Analysts Understanding network experience and market dynamics is complex. Analysts use our solutions to understand the strategies operators pursue with regard to the technology, market sectors and geographies. Consumers Consumers rely on Opensignal’s apps to help them understand how their mobile services perform. In exchange for this insight, consumers agree to allow us to capture insights through research campaigns that consumers opt into. Our methodology We report as accurately as possible the real-world mobile experience as recorded by mobile network users. Learn how Opensignal measures mobile network experience. Our manifesto We are proudly independent. Being the trusted source of truth on network experience is our core business, we don’t offer other services to operators. Commercial relationships never influence our reporting. Download the Opensignal app 1st March 2024 The Opensignal app helps you accurately measure the everyday experience you receive on your mobile network. No estimates, predictions or best case scenarios. Opensignal informs you about your true speed and video experience – what you are likely to experience when normally using your phone. Read more Sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest Opensignal reports in your inbox Market Insights Newsroom Contact Methodology Overview Independence Charter Experience Charter Analytics Charter Data Privacy Charter Opensignal Apps Coverage Maps App Partner Program © 2024 Opensignal Limited - All rights reserved Privacy Policy : Apps & Connectivity Assistant Privacy Policy : Services & Web Terms & Conditions