Home | Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations Discover About FAO In action Media Main topics Resources Member countries Get involved English العربية 中文 Français Русский Español About FAO Loading... News Loading... Multimedia Loading... Main topics Loading... Statistics Loading... Members Loading... Publications Loading... Share Close Hero Banner The Four Betters: A sustainable and food secure world for all In focusA sustainable and food secure world for allLearn about the Four Betters at the heart of the FAO Strategic Framework Highlights Director-General News Rise in hunger levels in NENA region of great concern Director-General addresses 37th session of FAO Regional Ministerial Conference for the Near East and North Africa Story Can playing games in the Congo Basin improve wildlife conservation? Sustainable approaches to safeguarding wild animals and the communities that depend on them. Director-General was received by the President of Egypt in Cairo QU Dongyu and H.E. Abdel Fattah Al Sisi discussed regional cooperation and other subjects Interactive story Meet the world's most destructive migratory pest Desert locusts pose a major threat to food security and livelihoods. Campaign Join the heroes of the deserts and highlands Organize an event, spread the word on social media, and more. Here’s how you can help promote the International Year of Camelids 2024! Statistics FAOSTAT - Food and agriculture data FAOSTAT provides free access to food and agriculture data for over 245 countries and territories and covers all FAO regional groupings from 1961 to the most recent year available. Publication Hunger and malnutrition: how well is your region doing? Explore the Regional Overview of Food Security and Nutrition – Statistics and Trends 2023. In Focus FAO response to global food security challenges Data analyses, policy recommendations, and actions on the ground. Event FAO Regional Conference for the Near East Follow the 37th session of NERC which is set to highlight the importance of transforming agrifood systems as countries recover from the global challenges of recent years. Director-General Director-General was received by the President of Egypt in Cairo QU Dongyu and H.E. Abdel Fattah Al Sisi discussed regional cooperation and other subjects Join the conversation Facebook It's time to make agrifood systems work better for women X Why healthy diets and sustainable agrifood systems go hand in hand Instagram Working with partners to restore Mediterranean forests Voices of Impact Building better lives in Asia-Pacific through rural transformation driven by women in agriculture 20/12/2022 Watch the video and learn how Nepalese women are engaged in transforming rural communities through agriculture, by improving productivity, reducing social inequalities, and helping to build better lives. Video A traditional technique for irrigating olive tress improves water use efficiency in Tunisia 02/03/2024 Learn how FAO helped Ines adapt her farming to a changing climate. Podcast Feeding and regreening: The micro-gardens of Dakar 23/11/2022 In Dakar, Senegal, the massive rural urban migration of these last decades led to losses of agricultural land, triggering food shortages and soaring food prices. Listen to how FAO and the local authorities are working together with women on a micro-gardening project to reduce food insecurity in the city. Listen on Spotify Listen on Apple Podcasts DataSHARE OF WOMEN IN AGRICULTURE, FORESTRY AND FISHING EMPLOYMENT, TOP COUNTRIES (2021) Africa Asia Source: Based on FAO. 2023. Employment Indicators: Agriculture. In: FAOSTAT. Rome. [Cited October 2023]. https://www.fao.org/faostat/en/#data/OEA 2020 World 31.2% 2010 World 31.5% In depth In Focus Annual funding overview Thanks to continued trust and growing financial support from our Resource Partners, FAO is working to create a world without hunger or poverty. Publication Medium Term Plan and Programme of Work The Director-General’s Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. In Focus FAO Data Lab The FAO Data Lab for Statistical Innovation modernizes the statistical business process, with a specific focus on emergency contexts, when having access to timely information is very important. FAO and the SDGs FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. Hover the mouse over an SDG icon for more information A world free from hunger and malnutrition where food and agriculture contributes to improving the living standards of all FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the world’s most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people don’t go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the world’s most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people don’t go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. Globally Important Agricultural Heritage Systems. Tropical cyclone ALVARO-24, Madagascar 2024 The impact of the floods on agriculture and livelihoods --> Follow us on FAO Organizational Chart Worldwide offices Regional Office for Africa Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific Regional Office for Europe and Central Asia Regional Office for Latin America and the Caribbean Regional Office for the Near East and North Africa Country Offices Jobs Contact us Terms and Conditions Data protection and privacy Scam Alert Report Misconduct © FAO 2024