Google Sightseeing — Discover the world via Google Maps and Google Earth Jump to main content Jump to main navigation Google Sightseeing Why bother seeing the world for real? Not sponsored by or affiliated with Google Countries Categories Street Views Book On this day Search for: Sharing statistics rss feed twitter Share this site Other: Facebook Groundhog Day Today is Groundhog Day, a North American festival which reckons that "if a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day and fails to see its shadow because the weather is cloudy, winter will soon end. If the groundhog sees… Posted by Alex Turnbull Tuesday, 2nd February 2016 Undiscovered Hawaii: Lanai, Kahoolawe, and Niihau Hawaii is one of the world’s great tourist destinations, with millions of people from around the world streaming into the islands each year. While most tourists lounge their time away on the beaches of Maui, Oahu, Molokai, Kauai, and the Big Island of Hawaii, many forget that there are eight major islands in the archipelago. Being Island Week, now is the perfect time to take a look at the other three major islands of the 50th state of the United States. Posted by Kyle Kusch Friday, 22nd May 2015 Walled Cities of the Caribbean In many people's imaginations, walled cities are associated with mediaeval Europe, but such cities exist all over the world. In this post we look at walled cities from around the Caribbean. Posted by Kyle Kusch Thursday, 12th March 2015 Google Ice View (Rideau Canal Skateway) Each winter, 7.8km (4.8miles) of the Rideau Canal in Ottawa freezes into what is dubbed the World's Largest Skating Rink - the Rideau Canal Skateway. Located in the capital of Canada, anyone can lace up a pair of skates and… Posted by Ian Brown Wednesday, 11th February 2015 Groundhog Day Today is Groundhog Day, a North American festival which reckons that "if a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day and fails to see its shadow because the weather is cloudy, winter will soon end. If the groundhog sees… Posted by Alex Turnbull Monday, 2nd February 2015 The Kingdom of Bhutan The Kingdom of Bhutan has long held an air of mystery for many in the West. Isolated between India and China, and with restrictions on tourism and other foreign influences, this tiny nation (often considered to be the setting for… Posted by Ian Brown Thursday, 15th January 2015 Page 1 of 37812345678910...»Last » Welcome to Google Sightseeing!Google Sightseeing takes you on a tour of the world as seen from satellite or street views using Google Maps. Our team of authors present weird and wonderful sights as suggested by readers. Like this site? We published a photo book of the best entries, you should buy a copy. Subscribe Twitter Facebook About Contact the authors Advertise with Us Press Mentions Friends Google Maps Mania GEarth Blog Virtual Globetrotting Copyright Statement Site design and written content are © copyright 2005-2024 Alex Turnbull & James Turnbull. Google Sightseeing is a Rotacoo Production and is powered by WordPress. Comments are owned by whoever posted them and we are not responsible for their content. Privacy policy. Google is a trademark of Google Inc. who are neither associated with this website nor endorse it in any way. Other names of companies and products mentioned on this website may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Thumbnail images are copyright Google and other companies, visit Google for full legal notices.