Court TV - Live Trials, Crime News, Courtroom Reporting Follow Us Watch Live True Crime News Chad Daybell Bryan Kohberger Courtney Clenney Karen Read All News Courtroom Coverage Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Lover Stalker Murder Trial Missing Mom Conspiracy Trial Polygamist Cult Leader Trial All Videos Legendary Trials Alex Murdaugh Menendez Brothers Jeffrey Dahmer Gwyneth Paltrow All Trial Archives Shows Opening Statements with Julie Grant Closing Arguments with Vinnie Politan The Case Against Bryan Kohberger Victim to Verdict The Court TV Podcast Talent All Shows Where to Watch More results... Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Watch Live Watch Live Watch Live True Crime News Chad Daybell Bryan Kohberger Courtney Clenney Karen Read All News Courtroom Coverage Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Lover Stalker Murder Trial Missing Mom Conspiracy Trial Polygamist Cult Leader Trial All Videos Legendary Trials Alex Murdaugh Menendez Brothers Jeffrey Dahmer Gwyneth Paltrow All Trial Archives Shows Opening Statements with Julie Grant Closing Arguments with Vinnie Politan The Case Against Bryan Kohberger Victim to Verdict The Court TV Podcast Talent All Shows Where to Watch More results... Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors live Defense case to start in Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Testimony underway in Mother Daughter Murder Trial Principal pleads guilty in murder-for-hire plot of pregnant teacher Murder of Madeline Soto: Interview with Stephan Sterns before arrest live Defense case to start in Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Testimony underway in Mother Daughter Murder Trial Principal pleads guilty in murder-for-hire plot of pregnant teacher Murder of Madeline Soto: Interview with Stephan Sterns before arrest The Latest News View All Florida pastor accused of sexually assaulting teen Monte Chitty called authorities to say 'he was about to be accused of something and wanted to get ahead of it.' More Police: Teen said he stabbed three people before murdering 5-year-old A 16-year-old will be tried as an adult for the brutal beating death of Prince McCree, whose body was found in a dumpster. More Notorious Burger Chef cold case murders focus of upcoming documentary 45 years ago, four young fast-food employees were kidnapped and murdered in one of Indiana's most notorious and confounding unsolved crimes. More NM v. Hannah Gutierrez: Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Hannah Gutierrez has pleaded not guilty to involuntary manslaughter in the fatal shooting of a cinematographer on a film set. More Ammo supplier says he provided no live rounds in fatal ‘Rust’ shooting Seth Kenney testified at the Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial Monday that he only provided inert dummy rounds to the Western film “Rust.” More TN v. Robin Howington: Mother Daughter Murder Trial In a police interview, Robin Howington admitted to wiping down and hiding the firearm after the shooting that killed her 5-year-old daughter. More Father accused of drugging daughter and her two friends at sleepover A father in Oregon drugged his daughter and two of her friends during a sleepover in August of 2023, court documents allege. More Court date set for Lindsay Shiver in alleged murder-for-hire plot Lindsay Shiver will stand trial this summer in the Bahamas on charges she conspired with her lover to kill her husband. More North Carolina woman accused of murdering 4-year-old twins Genevieve Ellen Springer was arrested after the father of her 4-year-old twin boys found the children's bodies. More School Shooter Mom Trial: Jennifer Crumbley Takes The Stand On this week’s Court TV Podcast, you’ll hear Jennifer Crumbley, the Oxford school shooter's mother, testify in her own defense. More Principal pleads guilty in murder-for-hire plot of pregnant teacher Cornelius Green admitted that he stole money from the school where he worked to pay for Jocelyn Peters' murder. More VA v. Cory Bigsby: Father charged with 4-year-old son’s murder Cory Bigsby is standing trial for the murder of his 4-year-old son, Codi, who he reported missing in January 2022. More RECENT COVERAGE Baldwin Movie Shooting Trial: Judge Denies Motion for Directed Verdict Mother Daughter Murder Trial: Defense Opening Statement Mother Daughter Murder Trial: Witness Says Defendant Sold Him Pills Mother Daughter Murder Trial: Prosecution Opening Statement Julie Grant: Defense Wasted Chance to Annihilate ‘Rust’ Ammo Supplier If Hannah Gutierrez Was Such a Bad Armorer, Why Wasn’t She Fired? Murder of Madeline Soto: Interview with Stephan Sterns Before Arrest TRIAL ARCHIVES FL v. LEWIS (2008) A mother of two is charged with the murder of her 7-year-old daughter who drowned in a pool in Esto, Florida. WATCH NOW SC v. MURDAUGH (2023) Alex Murdaugh is accused of killing his youngest son, Paul, and wife, Maggie. WATCH NOW OH v. GROVES (2020) Daniel and Jessica Groves, parents of Baby Dylan, whose decomposed body was found in a well, face life in prison. WATCH NOW WI v. DAHMER (1992) Jeffrey Dahmer is facing life in prison or admittance to mental institution for the killings of 15 boys and men. WATCH NOW AZ v. ARIAS (2013) Jodi Arias faces the death penalty for the murder of her lover, 30-year-old Travis Alexander. WATCH NOW CA v. MENENDEZ (1993) Brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez are on trial for the shotgun murders of their parents, Jose and Kitty Menendez. WATCH NOW DEPP v. HEARD (2022) Actor Johnny Depp sued his ex-wife Amber Heard for defamation. WATCH NOW FL v. ANTHONY (2011) Casey Anthony is on trial for the 2008 murder of her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee. WATCH NOW Newsletter Sign Up SUBMIT Site Navigation Watch Live Latest News TV Coverage Trial Archives Shows Where to Watch Legal Glossary Information About Us Talent Contact Us Licensing Requests Scripps Media Trust Center Press Court TV UK Privacy & Terms Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Privacy Center Terms of Use Follow Us © 2024 Court TV Media LLC, part of The E.W. Scripps Company. All Rights Reserved.