NEC Global Global Site Navigation Products & Solutions Case Studies News About NEC Contact Us Support & Downloads Truly Open, Truly Trusted-This is NEC. What we value in these uncertain times. Explore 5G Digital Government Digital Finance NEC at a Glance NEC 2030VISION 5G Thank you for joining us at MWC24 NEC's CTO Motoo Nishihara gave a keynote presentation on "Evolution of Generative AI in the future and its impact on society" NEC Online TV NEC face recognition makes immigration/customs procedures easy! Watch how NEC contributes to the reduction of airport congestion by streamlining procedures with our technology. SDGs Keeping the water running! NEC battery system bridges power shortages for water supply in South Africa. NEC Stories Toward a society where no one-especially those most vulnerable-is left behind in a disaster Leveraging NEC's technologies to develop a service accessible to those in need. NEC Insights Meet The Face Of NEC’s Face Recognition Technology The current state and future outlook of NEC's face recognition technology as told by its "creator" - NEC Fellow Hitoshi Imaoka. Reaching for the stars With LOTUSat-1 SAR satellite, Vietnam gets an eye in the sky on natural disasters NEC sat down with Dr. Le Xuan Huy to discuss Vietnam’s decision to launch LOTUSat-1 and why it chose to partner with us. What are you looking for? biometric authentication face recognition 5G public safety smart city digital government aviation touchless unified communications Quantum computing Digital transformation for societies and industries NEC Safer Cities Enabling a connected, human-centered society 5G Empowering Lives through Connectivity Aviation Providing seamless, secure, and efficient solutions to airports, airlines, and governments Biometric Authentication Realizing a safe and secure world with digital technology NEC Online TV Introducing our vision, innovations, and case studies from around the world in video Case Studies Learn more about our exciting case studies from across the globe NEC Insights Presenting thought-provoking articles from a diverse range of cultures and perspectives NEC at a Glance One stop understanding of NEC. Facts and figures in co-creating advanced solutions on a global basis Explore Inclusion & Diversity Inclusion & Diversity in the NEC way. Placing inclusion before diversity as part of our growth strategy Explore Analyst Relations Sharing how NEC has been featured in various analyst reports, our global renowned strategies and capabilities Explore Technical Journal Latest technical papers introducing the technological trends, products and solutions from the NEC Group Explore News Important notice Top of this page Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Information Security Modern Slavery Statement Contact Us Site Map © NEC Corporation