Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) - Working towards a better future for all. Democratic Socialists of America Join Us Donate Join Us Donate × About Us What is Democratic Socialism?Leadership and StructureDSA Constitution & BylawsHistoryCode of Conduct and HarassmentContact UsCareers Our Work National Labor CommissionNational Electoral CommitteeGreen New DealWorking GroupsYDSA Get Involved Chapters Resources Chapter ListStart a ChapterDSA Political PlatformResources and ToolsCode of Conduct and Harassment FAQ News NewsStatementsDemocratic Left BlogDemocratic Left PrintSocialist Forum Calendar Store About Us What is Democratic Socialism?Leadership and StructureDSA Constitution & BylawsHistoryCode of Conduct and HarassmentContact UsCareers Our Work National Labor CommissionNational Electoral CommitteeGreen New DealWorking GroupsYDSA Get Involved Chapters Resources Chapter ListStart a ChapterDSA Political PlatformResources and ToolsCode of Conduct and Harassment FAQ News NewsStatementsDemocratic Left BlogDemocratic Left PrintSocialist Forum Calendar Store Who we are The Democratic Socialists of America is the largest socialist organization in the United States, with over 92,000 members and chapters in all 50 states. We believe that working people should run both the economy and society democratically to meet human needs, not to make profits for a few. What we do We are a political and activist organization, not a party; through campus and community-based chapters, DSA members use a variety of tactics, from legislative to direct action, to fight for reforms that empower working people. Learn More about Democratic Socialism Get Involved The Democratic Socialists of America is the largest socialist organization in the United States because we’re a member-driven mass organization. We believe that working people should run both the economy and civil society, and we show our commitment to this principle by being an organization of, by, and for the working class. Our Campaign Priorities DSA and YDSA chapters organize around various issues, striving to run strategic campaigns based on local conditions. Nationally, we we also provide resources and support for work done as part of our major priorities as democratically voted upon: Electoral Strategy Bernie Sanders launched a political revolution and DSA continues to build it, training our chapters to effectively support democratic socialist candidates running for local and state office while lifting up our key issues. We’re also grappling with how to build independent political power to hold elected officials accountable to their constituents rather than the donor class. Learn More Strong Labor Movement Capitalism pits us against each other and workplaces are fundamentally authoritarian unless workers can self-organize and build collective power. This is why people build unions, and why employers undermine them. It is also why the capitalists as a class constantly promote narratives about unions that frame them as unnecessary, undemocratic, or ineffective. We know better, and we’re building worker power in every region of the country. Learn More Green New Deal The climate crisis is an emergency. The world’s top scientists are saying we have little time to get off fossil fuels. Meanwhile, inequality is already out of control — and rising. We fight for a Green New Deal because it’s the only plan that meets the scale of the crisis, one that puts people and planet over profit to build a more just and sustainable economy. We’re organizing in our workplaces, communities and schools to build the working class movement it will take to win. Learn More Statements Updates from the National Political Committee January 13, 2024 DSA Condemns U.S. and Israeli hostilities in Palestine and West Asia The Democratic Socialists of America demand an immediate and permanent cessation of hostilities by the United States against Yemen and an end to diplomatic and military support of Israel. President Biden widened the existing regional war even further by ordering airstrikes against civilian infrastructure in Yemen in an effort to stop that country’s humanitarian blockade… November 8, 2023 Democratic Socialists of America Condemn the Censure of Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib Join DSA to Defend Rashida Tlaib in the Movement for a Ceasefire Yesterday, in a shameful bipartisan attack, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 234-188 to censure Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib of Detroit, Michigan. Tlaib is a member and representative of the Democratic Socialists of America, and the only Palestinian-American member of the House. She has… October 14, 2023 No Money for Massacres We demand that no money be spent on massacres. The Israeli government has openly called for the forced displacement of 1.1 million Palestinians living in Gaza. The defense minister has referred to Palestinians as “animals.” This is the language of genocide. In the face of the imminent ethnic cleansing of over a million… More Statements Democratic Left Democratic Left - The Official DSA Member Magazine October 3, 2023 New York to Adams: Raise Taxes on the Rich and Stop Blaming Migrants As the entire country deals with forced migrations, New York City Mayor Eric Adams has declared that the migrant crisis will “destroy New York City.” He claims that a city with the largest concentration of millionaires in the world lacks the resources to provide every migrant with adequate shelter. Shortly after making this announcement, he… September 28, 2023 Solidarity Across Borders and Time: The Jewish Labor Bund The Bund: A Graphic History of Jewish Labour Resistance Edited by Paul Buhle, written by Sharon Rudahl, illustrated by Michael Kluckner, with a foreword by David Rosenberg. Between the Lines Press, 2023. (The book can be ordered in Canada at Between the Lines Press and in the United States at AK Press.) A live online… September 14, 2023 Are We Entering a Recession or Not? The Unemployment Report for August 2023 Real full employment means many more jobs, and many more good jobs. The National Jobs for All Network’s Full Count shows that the real unemployment rate in August was 8.7%, not 3.8%. There are 15 million people who are unemployed or underemployed at part-time jobs because they cannot get full-time work. Whether or not the official unemployment rate goes up or down a little may suggest job market trends, but it does not tell us how far away we are from real full employment. More Democratic Left Priorities National Labor Commission National Electoral Committee Green New Deal Campaign Commission Publications Democratic Left Blog Democratic Left Print Socialist Forum Resources DSA Store DSA Fund 501(c)3 International Committee Religious Socialism YoungDemocraticSocialists ofAmerica The Democratic Socialists of America is the largest socialist organization in the United States, with over 90,000 members. We believe that working people should run both the economy and society democratically to meet human needs, not to make profits for a few. Join Us Donate 🌹 DSA Privacy Policy Contact