Apache Cassandra | Apache Cassandra Documentation Get Started Cassandra Basics Quickstart Ecosystem Documentation Community Welcome Discussions Governance Contribute Meet the Community Catalyst Program Events Learn Cassandra 5.0 Case Studies Resources Blog Download Now Open Source NoSQL Database Manage massive amounts of data, fast, without losing sleep Learn More Cassandra 5.0 Quickstart Talks and Keynotes videos are published! Watch the videos What is Apache Cassandra? Apache Cassandra is an open source NoSQL distributed database trusted by thousands of companies for scalability and high availability without compromising performance. Linear scalability and proven fault-tolerance on commodity hardware or cloud infrastructure make it the perfect platform for mission-critical data. Hybrid Masterless architecture and low latency means Cassandra will withstand an entire data center outage with no data loss—across public or private clouds and on-premises. Fault Tolerant Cassandra’s support for replicating across multiple datacenters is best-in-class, providing lower latency for your users and the peace of mind of knowing that you can survive regional outages. Failed nodes can be replaced with no downtime. Focus on Quality To ensure reliability and stability, Cassandra is tested on clusters as large as 1,000 nodes and with hundreds of real world use cases and schemas tested with replay, fuzz, property-based, fault-injection, and performance tests. Performant Cassandra consistently outperforms popular NoSQL alternatives in benchmarks and real applications, primarily because of fundamental architectural choices. You’re In Control Choose between synchronous or asynchronous replication for each update. Highly available asynchronous operations are optimized with features like Hinted Handoff and Read Repair. Security and Observability The audit logging feature for operators tracks the DML, DDL, and DCL activity with minimal impact to normal workload performance, while the fqltool allows the capture and replay of production workloads for analysis. Distributed Cassandra is suitable for applications that can’t afford to lose data, even when an entire data center goes down. There are no single points of failure. There are no network bottlenecks. Every node in the cluster is identical. Scalable Read and write throughput both increase linearly as new machines are added, with no downtime or interruption to applications. Elastic Cassandra streams data between nodes during scaling operations such as adding a new node or datacenter during peak traffic times. Zero Copy Streaming makes this up to 5x faster without vnodes for a more elastic architecture particularly in cloud and Kubernetes environments. Cassandra Users Cassandra is used by thousands of companies with large active data sets. "Netflix uses Apache Cassandra heavily to satisfy its ever-growing persistence needs on its mission to entertain the world. We have been experimenting and partially using the 4.0 beta in our environments and its features like Audit Logging and backpressure." *– Vinay Chella, Netflix Engineering Manager * “Humankind is at a pivotal point in history, that requires us to work together to find new innovative ways to process the petabytes of data we create every day, and the WitFoo R&D team has found a friend in Cassandra through our endeavors to meet big-data needs in cybersecurity operations.” *– Charles Herring, CTO of WitFoo * "Since 2016, application engineers at Bloomberg have turned to Cassandra because it’s easy to use, easy to scale, and always available. We serve up more than 20 billion requests per day on a nearly 1 PB dataset across a fleet of 1,700+ Cassandra nodes." – Isaac Reath, Software Engineering Team Lead, NoSQL Infrastructure at Bloomberg "We needed something that would handle really high write throughput and keep scaling on the write throughput. That forced us to look at distributed stores, and Apache Cassandra was the option that fitted what we needed." – Elliott Sims Senior Systems Administrator, Backblaze Read Case Studies Cassandra Ecosystem Our ecosystem includes a range of third-party Cassandra projects, tools, products, and services that may be useful to end users. Go to Ecosystem Community Spotlight Here’s what the Cassandra community has been doing to advance the world’s premier open source NoSQL database. Behind the scenes of an Apache Cassandra Release Formalizing how we balance the need to evolve and provide cutting-edge features with long-term stability. The simple rules we use to decide when to merge and why we’ll be supporting three GA releases going forward, but why we’ve decided to support four releases for the next cycle. Read More Tightening Security for Apache Cassandra: Part 1 The growth in ecommerce has demanded a greater focus on data security. This is the start of a mini-series by Maulin Vasavada on how to customize SSL/TLS configurations to tighten security in Cassandra 4.0+. Read More Inside Cassandra: an interview with Marcel Birkner at Instana A new series that we’ve dubbed "Inside Cassandra" where we interview engineers and devs in the community either about their use of Apache Cassandra to power their businesses or how they contribute to the project. The first installation features an interview with Marcel Birkner, Site Reliability Engineer at Instana, and how they use Apache Cassandra to store and process metric data at scale and benefit from Cassandra’s fault tolerance, and have learned the importance of dog-fooding. Read More Get started with Cassandra, fast. Quickstart Guide Apache Cassandra powers mission-critical deployments with improved performance and unparalleled levels of scale in the cloud. Home Cassandra Basics Quickstart Ecosystem Documentation Community Case Studies Resources Blog Foundation Events License Thanks Security Privacy Sponsorship © 2009- The Apache Software Foundation under the terms of the Apache License 2.0. Apache, the Apache feather logo, Apache Cassandra, Cassandra, and the Cassandra logo, are either registered trademarks or trademarks of The Apache Software Foundation.