The Heritage Foundation Skip to main content Heritage Foundation Back to Top Submit Frequently Searched Critical Race Theory Life Index of Economic Freedom China The Kevin Roberts Show Budget and Spending The Heritage Foundation Open Navigation Open Search Secondary Navigation About Heritage Events Renew Donate Press Contact Explore Issues open search Top Issues Asia Election Integrity Immigration Life Technology Secondary Navigation About Heritage Events Renew Donate Press Contact Political Thought American History Conservatism Progressivism International Asia Europe Global Politics Middle East Government Spending Budget and Spending Debt Taxes Energy & Environment Climate Energy Environment Legal and Judicial Courts Crime and Justice Election Integrity Second Amendment The Constitution National Security Cybersecurity Defense Immigration Domestic Policy Education Government Regulation Health Care Reform Technology Welfare Culture Gender Life Marriage and Family Religious Liberty Economy International Economies Markets and Finance Trade Heritage Foundation Homepage Join the Fight for America’s Future:Our Country Depends on It Become a Member The World’s Leading Think Tank for Policy Impact Latest Report | 35 min read Good Deal, Bad Deal: The 2017 Tax Law vs. the 2024 Tax-Welfare Bill By Preston Brashers Commentary | 3 min read Chinese Hackers Infiltrating America’s Critical Infrastructure By Miles Pollard Commentary | 4 min read Utah Is About To Roll Over on Kids’ Online Safety By Daniel Cochrane Report | 14 min read AUKUS Is a Good First Step, But It Needs to Go Further Commentary | 3 min read Blame Washington, Not Grocery Stores, for Food Prices By EJ Antoni Report | 35 min read Bringing Much-Needed Transparency and Accountability to Indigent Care Programs Report | 18 min read The President Must Revitalize the U.S. Strategic Arsenal Commentary | 40 min read China Isn’t Just Spending More, It’s Spending Smarter By Peter Robertson and Wilson Beaver Commentary | 3 min read NFL Becomes “Woke,” Discriminatory, Anti-American Institution By Hans von Spakovsky and Sarah Parshall Perry Commentary | 4 min read The Battle To Eliminate DEI in Higher Education Has Just Begun By Jack Fitzhenry and GianCarlo Canaparo Commentary | 3 min read Alabama Rules That Embryos Are Children By Emma Waters Commentary | 4 min read Yes, America Is the Biggest Military Donor to Ukraine By Wilson Beaver Report | 4 min read The Consequences of Unchecked Illegal Immigration on America’s Public Schools Commentary | 4 min read Mayorkas Had 3 Years To Secure Our Border. Americans Deserve a Real Senate Impeachment Trial By Lora Ries Commentary | 3 min read The Uniparty Is Only a Few Steps Away From Gutting the U.S. Dollar By EJ Antoni and Peter St Onge Commentary | 3 min read Alabama Embryo Ruling Brings Much-Needed Regulation to Fertility Industry By Emma Waters Commentary | 1 min read The Alabama Decision on Embryos By Emma Waters Commentary | 3 min read Baby Makes Three By Emma Waters Report | 13 min read America Must Remedy Its Dangerous Lack of Munitions Planning Commentary | 3 min read Bad Math, Bad Research: The Truth About Abortion and Rape-Related Pregnancy By Jonathan Abbamonte Trending Commentary | 3 min read Government Red Tape Is Slowing Gulf’s Recovery By Robert B. Bluey Commentary | 3 min read Closing the Gap By Amy Menefee Commentary | 1 min read 3 Supreme Court Cases to Watch This Month By Elizabeth Slattery and Sarah Williams Commentary | 2 min read New COVID-19 Findings Confirm What We Have Learned Since the Beginning By Kevin Pham Commentary | 4 min read An Old Bolshevik Fights On By Mike Gonzalez Report | 4 min read Falklands War: Lessons of Liberation Ring True for U.S. Today By Ted R. Bromund Report | 4 min read How Bush's Health Care Tax Plan Will Raise Wages Report | 5 min read Clinton's Korea Policy Falls Short: A Call to Congressional Action By Report | 16 min read A Warning Against Embedding Problematic Pandemic Unemployment Benefits By Rachel Greszler Commentary | 3 min read New START: Does it Make us Safer? By Peter Brookes Commentary | 2 min read Zero Tolerance? Try Zero Wisdom By Edwin J. Feulner, PhD Commentary | 2 min read Making the Deficit Great Again By Adam Michel Commentary | 2 min read APRNs Can and Should Be Allowed to Do More for Public Health By Amy Anderson, DNP, RN Commentary | 3 min read New Jersey’s $8,000-per-resident Wind Energy Scheme Won’t Reduce Climate Change By Travis Fisher and Kevin D. Dayaratna Report | 5 min read Saving the American Dream: A Blueprint for Putting Patients First By Nina Owcharenko Schaefer Report | 26 min read States Vote to Strengthen Property Rights By Ronald Utt Report | 31 min read How Washington Wasted Your Money in the 1995 Appropriations Bills By Scott Barry Report | About an hour read Being a Parent Is Hard Enough: It’s Time for Congress to Help Families Thrive Commentary | 2 min read Hezbollah Terrorists On Our Southern Border By Ray Walser Commentary | 3 min read The ABM Treaty...Or Missile Defense By Jack Spencer Featured FY 2024 Appropriations: Budget Gimmicks Masquerading as Spending Cuts Commentary Alabama Embryo Ruling Brings Much-Needed Regulation to Fertility Industry Feb 27, 2024 3 min read The Consequences of Unchecked Illegal Immigration on America’s Public Schools Florida Can and Should Lead on Social Media Safety for Kids Latest Previous Next Report | 35 min read Good Deal, Bad Deal: The 2017 Tax Law vs. the 2024 Tax-Welfare Bill By Preston Brashers Commentary | 3 min read Chinese Hackers Infiltrating America’s Critical Infrastructure By Miles Pollard Commentary | 4 min read Utah Is About To Roll Over on Kids’ Online Safety By Daniel Cochrane Report | 14 min read AUKUS Is a Good First Step, But It Needs to Go Further Commentary | 3 min read Blame Washington, Not Grocery Stores, for Food Prices By EJ Antoni Report | 35 min read Bringing Much-Needed Transparency and Accountability to Indigent Care Programs Report | 18 min read The President Must Revitalize the U.S. Strategic Arsenal Commentary | 40 min read China Isn’t Just Spending More, It’s Spending Smarter By Peter Robertson and Wilson Beaver Commentary | 3 min read NFL Becomes “Woke,” Discriminatory, Anti-American Institution By Hans von Spakovsky and Sarah Parshall Perry Commentary | 4 min read The Battle To Eliminate DEI in Higher Education Has Just Begun By Jack Fitzhenry and GianCarlo Canaparo Commentary | 3 min read Alabama Rules That Embryos Are Children By Emma Waters Commentary | 4 min read Yes, America Is the Biggest Military Donor to Ukraine By Wilson Beaver Report | 4 min read The Consequences of Unchecked Illegal Immigration on America’s Public Schools Commentary | 4 min read Mayorkas Had 3 Years To Secure Our Border. Americans Deserve a Real Senate Impeachment Trial By Lora Ries Commentary | 3 min read The Uniparty Is Only a Few Steps Away From Gutting the U.S. Dollar By EJ Antoni and Peter St Onge Commentary | 3 min read Alabama Embryo Ruling Brings Much-Needed Regulation to Fertility Industry By Emma Waters Commentary | 1 min read The Alabama Decision on Embryos By Emma Waters Commentary | 3 min read Baby Makes Three By Emma Waters Report | 13 min read America Must Remedy Its Dangerous Lack of Munitions Planning Commentary | 3 min read Bad Math, Bad Research: The Truth About Abortion and Rape-Related Pregnancy By Jonathan Abbamonte Trending Previous Next Commentary | 3 min read Government Red Tape Is Slowing Gulf’s Recovery By Robert B. Bluey Commentary | 3 min read Closing the Gap By Amy Menefee Commentary | 1 min read 3 Supreme Court Cases to Watch This Month By Elizabeth Slattery and Sarah Williams Commentary | 2 min read New COVID-19 Findings Confirm What We Have Learned Since the Beginning By Kevin Pham Commentary | 4 min read An Old Bolshevik Fights On By Mike Gonzalez Report | 4 min read Falklands War: Lessons of Liberation Ring True for U.S. Today By Ted R. Bromund Report | 4 min read How Bush's Health Care Tax Plan Will Raise Wages Report | 5 min read Clinton's Korea Policy Falls Short: A Call to Congressional Action By Report | 16 min read A Warning Against Embedding Problematic Pandemic Unemployment Benefits By Rachel Greszler Commentary | 3 min read New START: Does it Make us Safer? By Peter Brookes Commentary | 2 min read Zero Tolerance? Try Zero Wisdom By Edwin J. Feulner, PhD Commentary | 2 min read Making the Deficit Great Again By Adam Michel Commentary | 2 min read APRNs Can and Should Be Allowed to Do More for Public Health By Amy Anderson, DNP, RN Commentary | 3 min read New Jersey’s $8,000-per-resident Wind Energy Scheme Won’t Reduce Climate Change By Travis Fisher and Kevin D. Dayaratna Report | 5 min read Saving the American Dream: A Blueprint for Putting Patients First By Nina Owcharenko Schaefer Report | 26 min read States Vote to Strengthen Property Rights By Ronald Utt Report | 31 min read How Washington Wasted Your Money in the 1995 Appropriations Bills By Scott Barry Report | About an hour read Being a Parent Is Hard Enough: It’s Time for Congress to Help Families Thrive Commentary | 2 min read Hezbollah Terrorists On Our Southern Border By Ray Walser Commentary | 3 min read The ABM Treaty...Or Missile Defense By Jack Spencer News Engaging the grassroots Top Priorities Fighting for America’s Future: Our Policy Priorities Seven challenges where our efforts are most needed and where we can do the most good: Empower Education Choice Secure Our Borders and Reduce Crime Ensure Free and Fair Elections Shrink Regulations, Spending, and Inflation Counter Communist China Rein in Big Tech Protect Unborn Life and Families Project 2025: Mandate for Leadership Mandate for Leadership: The Conservative Promise This book is the product of more than 400 scholars and policy experts from across the conservative movement and around the country. Contributors include former elected officials, world-renowned economists, and veterans from four presidential Administrations. This is an agenda prepared by and for conservatives who will be ready on Day One of the next Administration to save our country. The Heritage Foundation is once again facilitating this work, but as our dozens of partners and hundreds of authors will attest, this book is the work of the entire conservative movement. Comments on Federal Regulations Comments on Federal Regulations Congress requires federal agencies to solicit the public’s views, in the form of comment letters, before they issue regulations. Heritage scholars regularly file comments on proposed regulations. Explore the issues Top All Political Thought American History Conservatism Progressivism International Asia Europe Global Politics Middle East Government Spending Budget and Spending Debt Taxes Energy & Environment Climate Energy Environment Legal and Judicial Courts Crime and Justice Election Integrity Second Amendment The Constitution National Security Cybersecurity Defense Immigration Domestic Policy Education Government Regulation Health Care Reform Technology Welfare Culture Gender Life Marriage and Family Religious Liberty Economy International Economies Markets and Finance Trade Asia Election Integrity Immigration Life Technology Training Programs & Resources for Conservatives High School Fellowship—Elevate Your Conservative Leadership Journey Want to work on Capitol Hill? Apply now for the “Ready, Set, HILL!” program George C. Marshall Fellowship for National Security Professionals Secure Your Place in the Heritage Summer 2024 Academy Video Previous Next Young Conservatives Our Internship Program We offer young leaders from around the country Washington, D.C.’s best internship program. Learn more. The Academy An online program for rising leaders. Read more about The Academy. Ready, Set, HILL! Ready, Set, HILL! is here to assist you in landing your first Hill job and preparing for success. Learn more. Events Heritage’s 50th Anniversary In 2023, The Heritage Foundation celebrated its 50th anniversary and launched the next exciting chapter for our country. Learn more. Heritage Events Join us for our upcoming events with policy experts and influencers. Sign up to receive updates and invitations. Heard at Heritage Want the inside scoop on what’s happening here at Heritage? Check out Heard at Heritage. Podcasts The Kevin Roberts Show A weekly rallying cry for lovers of freedom everywhere, packed with Dr. Roberts’ analysis on the issues of the day and deep conversations with the movers and shakers of American politics and culture. Listen and subscribe. The Heritage Explains Podcast A podcast that explains major policy issues at a 101 level. Listen and subscribe. SCOTUS 101 A weekly podcast that breaks down what's happening at the Supreme Court. Listen and subscribe. All Heritage Podcasts You can subscribe to Heritage's podcasts on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or your favorite podcast app. Learn more about our podcasts. People are policy | Heritage experts Mike Gonzalez Angeles T. Arredondo E Pluribus Unum Senior Fellow, International Engagement Sarah Parshall Perry Senior Legal Fellow, Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies Kevin D. Roberts, PhD President Paul Dans Director, 2025 Presidential Transition Project Mark Morgan Visiting Fellow, Border Security and Immigration Center Nile Gardiner, PhD Director, Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom and Bernard and Barbara Lomas Fellow Lora Ries Director, Border Security and Immigration Center Hans A. von Spakovsky Manager, Election Law Reform Initiative and Senior Legal Fellow, Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies Joel Griffith Research Fellow, Financial Regulations, Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic Policy Studies Charles “Cully” Stimson Deputy Director, Edwin Meese III Center, Manager, National Security Law Program, and Senior Legal Fellow, Senior Advisor to the President Victoria Coates Vice President, Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Institute for National Security and Foreign Policy Genevieve Wood Counselor and Spokesperson, Donor Relations Roger Severino Vice President, Domestic Policy and The Joseph C. and Elizabeth A. Anderlik Fellow Lindsey M. Burke, PhD Director, Center for Education Policy and Mark A. Kolokotrones Fellow in Education John Malcolm Vice President, Institute for Constitutional Government, Director of the Meese Center and Simon Center, Gilbertson Lindberg Senior Legal Fellow Kara Frederick Director, Tech Policy Center Donate Secondary Navigation About Heritage Events Renew Donate Press Contact Subscribe to email updates Follow us Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024, The Heritage Foundation