Bandcamp + add album track merch listening party new artist existing artist stats × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel partner × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel Bandcamp Gift Cards artists PRO view site edit profile tools subscription subscription view collection purchases no results settings help log out Sign up Log in Genres Vinyl CDs Cassettes T-shirts Radio Bandcamp Daily Best of’s We’ve updated our Terms of Use to reflect our new entity name and address. You can review the changes here. We’ve updated our Terms of Use. You can review the changes here. Bandcamp Gift Cards × view site Language: Log out Bandcamp sign up log in × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel We’ve updated our Terms of Use to reflect our new entity name and address. You can review the changes here. We’ve updated our Terms of Use. You can review the changes here. Get fresh music recommendations delivered to your inbox every Friday. The Metal Show March 1, 2024 Dis Fig joins the show to talk about her collaborative album with The Body and the crossover between metal and electronic music. Hosted by Brad Sanders. Illustration of Dis Fig by Louise Pomeroy. all shows all shows share this show Tracklist All Shows Share this Show 00:00 / --:-- close show Xmal Deutschland Are Undead The ahead-of-their-time goth band find the enthusiasm for their music has not dimmed. read more This Friday: Sleater-Kinney in Conversation With Bandcamp Daily’s Senior Editor Feature The Best Punk on Bandcamp, February 2024 List The Metal Show Dis Fig joins the show to talk about her collab album with The Body. Fans have paid artists $1.27 billion using Bandcamp, and $193 million in the last year. Fans have paid artists $1.27 billion using Bandcamp, and $193 million in the last year. Selling Right Now paused (and yes, this really is a live feed — when you hear “nobody pays for music anymore,” that’s just The Man spreading his agenda) Upcoming Bandcamp Live Events view full schedule view full schedule New and Notable Load More New & Notable Bandcamp Daily Album of the Day Infants Under The Bulb by Uranium Club The Minneapolis band add a horn section, a running surrealist allegory about walls, and an occasional nod to the elegiac to their electroshocked post-punk. read more This Friday: Sleater-Kinney in Conversation With Bandcamp Daily’s Senior Editor Bandcamp Daily Staff Feature Xmal Deutschland Are Undead Maria Barrios Feature The Best Punk on Bandcamp, February 2024 Kerry Cardoza List The Best Field Recordings on Bandcamp: February 2024 Matthew Blackwell List The Chameleonic Jazz of Jahari Massamba Unit Blake Gillespie Feature Remembering Stevie Pohlman Ben Parrish Feature Essential Releases, March 1, 2024 Bandcamp Daily Staff List The Best Contemporary Classical Music on Bandcamp, February 2024 Peter Margasak List The Best Metal on Bandcamp, February 2024 Brad Sanders List The Best Hip-Hop on Bandcamp, February 2024 Phillip Mlynar List Tape #1 is No Wave History Erick Bradshaw Feature The Best Sound Poetry on Bandcamp, December/January 2024 Jinhyung Kim List Mark Harwood Wants to Be Your Personal Music Generator Alec Holt Feature The Inquisitive Beauty of Paranormal Sound Louis Pattison Feature Liam Bailey Finds His Way Blake Gillespie Feature The Best Ambient Music on Bandcamp, February 2024 Ted Davis List Essential Releases, February 23, 2024 Bandcamp Daily Staff List The West African Supergroup Fighting for Women’s Rights Max Pilley Feature Celtic Fusion: Where Bass Meets Bagpipes Becca Inglis Feature Laetitia Sadier On Her Own (And With Friends) Jesse Locke List The Extraordinary Life & Music of Emahoy Tsege-Mariam Gebru Megan Iacobini de Fazio Feature The Loopy Universe of Guitarist Matt LaJoie John Adamian List A Catalog of Catherine Christer Hennix’s Spiritual Drone George Grella List Fatboi Sharif Takes His Music’s Temperature Phillip Mlynar Feature Bandcamp Fridays in 2024 Bandcamp Staff Feature The Return of Vaporwave Pioneer MediaFired™ Filipe Costa Feature Essential Releases, February 16, 2024 Bandcamp Daily Staff List An Oral History of DJ Rashad’s Game-Changing “Double Cup” John Morrison Feature more load more even more Bandcamp Daily Get the best of Bandcamp Daily, delivered every Friday SIGN UP Thank you! We’ve sent a confirmation email to . Discover filter by: location format time browse by tags / from the album OUT OF BEAT 4 by Résonances “” — buy now pre-order you own this wishlist in wishlist hear more direct from artist About Us Fair Trade Music Policy Jobs Apps: Android iOS Buttons / Logos Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Policy Acceptable Use & Moderation Policy Gift Cards Bandcamp Daily Facebook Twitter Status Instagram Contact/Help Log in Bandcamp for Artists Bandcamp for Fans Bandcamp for Labels Mobile view Language: Log in About us Bandcamp Daily Jobs Gift Cards: Buy Redeem Apps: Android iOS Contact/Help Language: Fair Trade Music Policy Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Policy Acceptable Use & Moderation Policy Bandcamp Switch to desktop version