Welcome to AGU | Advancing Earth and space science Loading… × Error OK Login You need to be logged in to access this feature. Click “Confirm” to log in to your existing account or create a new account. Confirm Cancel Login You need to be logged in to access this feature. Click “Confirm” to log in to your existing account or create a new account. Confirm Cancel Become Membership Confirmation You must purchase an AGU membership to complete this session. Click on confirm to purchase. Confirm Cancel Heading Message ConfirmButton CancelButton Leaving AGU You are redirecting to an external site. Are you sure you want to continue? Confirm Cancel × Error We are experiencing difficulty processing your payment. Please do not refresh the page or submit again. Contact our Member Service Center for help at [email protected], or 800.966. 2481 (toll-free in North America), or +1 202.462.6900. Ok ﻿ Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Membership Login Give Toggle navigation   Login Back Membership Login Give Learn About AGU Who We Are What We Do Leadership and Governance Engage Publish with AGU Explore Meetings Learn and Develop Share and Advocate Honors College of Fellows Stay Informed Newsroom Channels AGU Connect Login Welcome to AGU's new digital experience Learn more about our digital vision Check out current highlights for the new platform and what's coming in the future. We're continuously improving the experience with your feedback! Check it out Important Short Cuts AGU23 #AGU23 Fall Meeting Important Links Centennial College of Fellows Eos AGU Ethics & Equity Center Membership Benefits Net zero energy building Thriving Earth Exchange Interesting Articles Monitoring conflict and climate could help stop famines before they happen Seismic Sensors in Orbit Connect, Explore and Engage Across AGU  Join/Renew AGU Membership Publish with AGU Read the Latest AGU News AGU 2024 Honors Nominations Due Soon Register for the Triennial Earth-Sun Summit Meet colleagues in the 2024 total solar eclipse path! Upcoming Mentoring Events New Journal! JGR: Machine Learning and Computation AGU Journals AGU publishes ground-breaking journals in open-access and subscription models. Latest Science Keep up with the latest information in Earth and space science. AGU Channels Follow a topic of scientific interest. Search AGU Publications & Meetings  Share Your Work Contribute to the global conversation ESS Open Archive AGU Books Eos.org Publish With AGU Publish your research in one of our highly-regarded journals and reach the global Earth and space science community and beyond. Scientific Meetings Our meetings foster learning and collaboration, and promote topics that enhance perspectives across Earth and space science. Scientific Communications We support our community through efforts to connect and engage with society to enhance the well-being of our communities and preserve the health of our planet. Explore Your Community College of Fellows Section Updates View Your Profile Search for People Find colleagues and make new connections. Careers in ESS Explore positions in Earth and space science. AGU Leadership Meet the members and staff who help contribute to the advancement of AGU's goals and mission. Drive Change Find ethics and leadership best practices, engage in citizen science, and add your voice to advocacy and community-building efforts. Diversity, Ethics & Inclusion Learn how we educate, promote, and ensure responsible scientific conduct. Thriving Earth Exchange AGU's Thriving Earth Exchange advances community solutions that help scientists, community leaders, and sponsors work together to solve local challenges. Public Affairs Join us as we help policy advocates, science communicators, and scientists raise awareness, understanding, and appreciation of Earth and space science. Data Leadership Discover how we help researchers obtain and improve skills around data and software management, preservation, and sharing. Facebook Instagram Threads LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Donate Newsroom Advertise Eos Jobs at AGU Careers in Earth & Space Science Net zero Energy Headquarters Contact Us 2000 Florida Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20009 Phone: +1 202 462 6900 Toll Free: 800 966 2481 (North America only) Monday-Friday from 8:30 am – 6 pm ET © 2024. American Geophysical Union | All rights reserved | Privacy Policy