Raptive — Powering creator independence Warning! Your browser does not support JavaScript! Apply now Creators Raptive for creators Supercharge your power to make the most money on ads while growing faster and reaching further than ever before. Learn more Apply Creator levels Blog Resources Support Enterprise Advertisers About us About us Using smart technology combined with years of media industry know-how, we’re on a mission to help creators and businesses grow. Learn more Team Careers Job openings Newsroom Login Apply now Introducing Raptive Introducing Raptive CafeMedia and AdThrive are now Raptive, a new kind of company transforming creators into global brands and lasting businesses. Since the very beginning of blogging, we’ve been allies and advocates for all creators, with a seat at every table in the industry. Creators are the future of media. And together, the future is ours to create. Apply now Style by Emily Henderson Epic Gardening Powering creator independence $2B+ paid directly to creators 195M consumers reached monthly through our creators’ websites* Top 7 ranked media company* 500M consumers reached monthly through our creators’ social media *Comscore Creators Raptive for Creators We’re your strategic partner, working hand-in-hand, equipping you with expert advice, smarter strategies, ad management, tailored technology, and inspired opportunities across every part of your business. Learn more Enterprise Raptive for Enterprise Whether you’re currently managing your advertising business in-house or with a managed service, we can help you drive more revenue, cut costs and eliminate inefficiencies. Keep growing today and into the future with our unmatched expertise, new revenue streams and world-class tech. Learn more Advertisers Raptive for Advertisers With Raptive as your strategic marketing partner, you’ll get access to 4,000+ of the most influential creators in the world. Learn more Solutions to maximize your ambitions Audience Captivate bigger audiences. Keep them coming back for more. Share your content. Revenue Cash in on your passion. Make more with the world’s best ad management. Explore new revenue streams. Business Strengthen your strategies. Make moves. Get expert guidance and support to keep your team growing and business thriving. Create one-of-a-kind content? You need a one-of-a-kind partner. “In addition to increasing my ad revenue by over 300%, they freed up my time so I could spend it preparing content.” Michael O’Halloran Sports Feel Good Stories “The best — trustworthy, knowledgeable, supportive – they provide the best RPMs, great resources and they CARE.” Maria Lichty Two Peas & Their Pod “Raptive has helped us optimize our ad revenue while allowing us to maintain our site experience.” Arnold Kim MacRumors “They understand creators, anticipate my needs and let me hand off the technology side of monitizing my blog.” Caz Makepeace Y Travel Blog “In addition to increasing my ad revenue by over 300%, they freed up my time so I could spend it preparing content.” Michael O’Halloran Sports Feel Good Stories “The best — trustworthy, knowledgeable, supportive – they provide the best RPMs, great resources and they CARE.” Maria Lichty Two Peas & Their Pod “Raptive has helped us optimize our ad revenue while allowing us to maintain our site experience.” Arnold Kim MacRumors “They understand creators, anticipate my needs and let me hand off the technology side of monitizing my blog.” Caz Makepeace Y Travel Blog Ready to make moves? We’re here to give you the support, freedom, aha’s, and big ideas you need to get to next. Apply now Creators Creator levels Resources Support Apply Enterprise Contact sales About us Team Careers Tech careers Job openings We're hiring Advertisers Blog Newsroom Contact us Protect Content Creators Remarkable Voices Slickstream Web Wide Open © 2024 Raptive. Raptive Terms of Use CMI Marketing Website’s Privacy Statement Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter