Machine Learning Mastery Machine Learning Mastery Navigation MachineLearningMastery.com Making developers awesome at machine learning Home Main MenuGet Started Blog Topics Attention Better Deep Learning Calculus ChatGPT Code Algorithms Computer Vision Data Preparation Deep Learning (keras) Deep Learning with PyTorch Ensemble Learning GANs Neural Net Time Series NLP (Text) Imbalanced Learning Intro to Time Series Intro to Algorithms Linear Algebra LSTMs OpenCV Optimization Probability Python (scikit-learn) Python for Machine Learning R (caret) Statistics Weka (no code) XGBoost EBooks FAQ About Contact Return to Content Machine Learning Mastery The Deck is Stacked Against Developers Machine learning is taught by academics, for academics. That’s why most material is so dry and math-heavy. Developers need to know what works and how to use it. We need less math and more tutorials with working code. Welcome to Machine Learning Mastery! Hi, I’m Jason Brownlee PhD and I help developers like you skip years ahead. Discover how to get better results, faster. Click the button below to get my free EBook and accelerate your next project (and access to my exclusive email course). Send Me the Free eBook! Join over 150,000 practitioners who already have a head start. Your work has been VERY helpful for me as an aspiring Data Scientist! David Dalisay Junior Data Scientist I love your site by the way. It’s one of the few ML sources I’ve come across that explains things clearly rather than writing everything as if it were an academic paper. Kevin Beaulieu Software Engineer Quick-Start Guides Discover the shortest path to a result. Top guides include: How to get started Understand algorithms Time series forecasting >>Guides Latest Tutorials Save weeks of searching and debugging. Top tutorials include: How to install everything Your first complete project Your first neural network >>Blog EBook Catalog Get years of experience in a PDF. Top sellers include: Master Machine Learning Algorithms Machine Learning With Python Deep Learning With Python >>EBooks © 2024 Guiding Tech Media. All Rights Reserved. LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook | Newsletter | RSS Privacy | Disclaimer | Terms | Contact | Sitemap | Search