Zenkit Projects | Zenkit Zenkit Features Pricing Book a free consultation DeutschEnglishFrançaisEspañolItalianoPortuguês한국어Русский繁體中文日本語 Log in Get started Zenkit Zenkit Projects organizes your projects - perfectly integrated with the other collaboration solutions in our suite. See all products Projects Multi-Project management Hypernotes Knowledge management Base Digital Transformation Platform To Do The super-simple task management app Zenforms Forms and Surveys Zenchat Chat + Tasks = Magic Home Features Pricing Book a Free Consultation Log in Get started English Français Deutsch 繁體中文 Italiano 한국어 Português Русский Español 日本語 Products Zenkit Projects Zenkit Hypernotes Zenkit Base Zenkit To Do Zenforms Zenchat See all products Company About Us Newsroom Press Kit Academy Careers Find a Partner Customer Stories Enterprise Book a Live Demo Service Tutorials Newsletter Affiliate GDPR Security Practices Knowledge Base Contact The Project Management Solution for Organizations with Sensitive Data The All-In-One Solution for Your Projects, Tasks, Team Chat, Appointments, Databases, Documents. Get started for free! Kanban Dashboard Chat Table Gantt Files Mindmap What's the Problem? Managing Projects With a Tool That Makes You Work Even Harder? It’s either a complicated tool that only 10% of your team knows how to use, or it’s a simple one that increases your workload. Seems like there’s no in-between. Problem #1 Simple tools are quickly outgrown. Lots of manual work Can’t keep up with fast growth Have only some of the required features Try Zenkit instead -> Most management is done with other tools, or manually. Problem #2 Complex tools that only 10% of the team can use. Lots of busywork Lack of accountability Inefficient team collaboration Try Zenkit instead -> Most of the time is spent on busywork and micromanagement of the team. How it works Here’s How to Run Any Project or Methodology Without the Complexity Change the workflow to fit your needs, add details, yet keep it simple so that everyone on your team can use it without training. Adaptable for Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall, Lean, or your own methodologies. Simple data migration 1-click migration from Trello, Asana or Microsoft To Do EU GDPR compliant All data is secured and stored within EU servers (Germany). Dedicated support Every support request is solved in less than 24 hours. “Minimal and distraction-free, but powerful under the hood.” Alan Henry lifehacker.com “Zenkit is a better Trello than Trello.” Matthew Hughes thenextweb.com “Like you were using your Jedi powers to do it.” Curtis Silver forbes.com Get started for free! Awarded and recommended as one of the top tools in the market Step #1 Workflow setup Start simple, add more on the go. Zenkit is fully scalable and customizable, growing in complexity only on your terms, from a simple to-do list to an enterprise-ready solution. Unlimited scalability "Can product complexity be managed among team members?" By assigning roles, you can choose who sees only simple to-do lists and who has full access to advanced features. Step #2 Collaboration – Perfect Team Collaboration in Every Task or Comment Messages are no longer buried within endless chat threads Keep chat threads inside tasks Comment with audio or doodles “It’s like having Slack within your tasks, but more organized, with less distractions, and deeper work.” Christopher Reimann, Founder OCR-Group Step #3 Resource Management Full control over project workload. With Zenkit resource management, it’s easy to manage if someone’s workload is too high or too low. Filter workload by tasks, project or assignee Identify resource needs in real-time “Is there any scheduling of the workload?“ You can make project timelines, schedule tasks, and easily prioritize which team members and resources are required where. Step #4 Reporting Get insights in real-time. Get over 100 ready-made reports in a real-time dashboard, that you can customize to see reports by project, team, members or any other combination. Live-report dashboard No need to download docs to get reports and insights Step #5 Data Migration Start where you left off. With native imports from Trello, Asana or Microsoft To Do, CSV imports or even API, your work can be migrated in minutes. Seamless migration No setup needed “What if my team still needs additional guidance?” You can always reach out for support or Book a Live Demo call, and our project management expert will help and solve the problem within a day. Choose how the tool’s interface will look based on your experience Same tasks, same everything, just a different interface - so anyone can use it. Basic User Without project management experience Power User With project management experience “Finally, I have a tool that anyone in my team can use!” Arthur Casals, University Sao Paulo Get started for free! Native add-ons Add features at your team’s pace. Zenkit Suite allows you to keep workspace clutter-free. High privacy security Fully GDPR compliant with Europe (Germany) based servers. 1500+ Zapier integrations Integrate Zenkit with 1500+ tools and your existing software in just a few clicks via Zapier. Works with 10+ Languages The entire platform is fully translated in English, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese and 6 more! EU-Based Dedicated Support With support based in the EU, you can rest easy knowing that we’ll take care of anything you need. Available 24/7 Dedicated project management expert Every request is resolved within 24 hours. Ready to simplify workflow and give your team a tool they can actually use? Finally get a fast, distraction-free project management tool that can be started in minutes without training needed. Get started for free! A unique and powerful software suite to transform the way you work. See how our products works together: Projects Agile & Gantt Planning Plan and manage your agile and classical projects. Faster. Stress-free. Try now for free Zenforms Forms & Surveys Create easy and powerful forms in minutes. Try now for free Zenchat Messaging, Tasks & Sharing Chat + Tasks = Magic. Finally, a messaging app with built-in task management. Try now for free To Do Tasks & Reminders Need to get things done? Try our easy-to-use but super powerful task manager. Try now for free Hypernotes Knowledge, Notes & Wiki Create, share, and understand knowledge. The new home for your notes, outlines, wikis, intranets, scripts, documentations. Try now for free Base All-In-One Collaboration Platform The complete platform for your digital transformation strategy Try now for free Zenkit Zenkit is the multi-project management solution for agile and classical projects. Products Features Pricing Platforms Solutions Alternatives Integrations Documentation Book a Live Demo CompanyAbout Us Newsroom Press Kit Blog Academy Careers Find a Partner Customer Stories Testimonials For Enterprise All Products Roadmap ServiceTutorials Newsletter Affiliate GDPR Security Practices Knowledge Base Contact Any questions about Zenkit Projects? Give us a call. +49 721 35 28 375 DeutschEnglishFrançaisEspañolItalianoPortuguês한국어Русский繁體中文日本語 © 2024 Zenkit. A venture of Axonic Informationssysteme GmbH. All rights reserved. Read our Legal Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Service