AllSides | Balanced news and media bias ratings. Unbiased news doesn't exist. News Blog Topics Media Bias Misinformation Schools Services About Balanced Search Submit Search NewsBalanced News Story of the Week News Curation Principles Newsletters Balanced Search Perspectives BlogAllStances Bias Common Ground Fact Check Misinformation Recommended Story of the Week Topics & IssuesAll Topics 2024 Election Free Speech Media Bias Sustainability Media BiasBias Ratings Media Bias Chart Fact Check Bias Rate Your Bias Types of Bias News Methods Misinformation WatchSpot Misinformation Fact Checking Blog Posts Submit a Claim Our Approach to Misinformation Red Blue Translator™All Terms Fake News Freedom of Speech Racism/Racist AllSides for SchoolsLesson Plans Classroom Activities Resources Memberships Bridging DividesBridging Community Common Ground Blogs Polarization Bipartisanship Are You A Bridge-Builder? Upcoming Events ServicesOverview Media Services AllSides for Schools Government Services AllSides Talks Syndication Apps & Extensions AboutEditorial Philosophy Press Team FAQ Job Openings Ownership Information Contact Us Don't be fooled by media bias & misinformation. Donate Shop Log In TOP STORIES Super Tuesday Supreme Court Israel-Hamas War Immigration Fund the solution - not the fight Sustaining Members are the backbone of AllSides. Become a Member today to fund our movement for balanced news. Become a Member Balanced News from the Left, Center and Right Haiyun Jiang for The New York Times Headline Roundup Headline Roundups AllSides Headline Roundups™ bring you top news stories from the left, center and right of the political spectrum — side-by-side so you can see the full picture. We rotate the order of headlines to avoid biasing our coverage in favor of the left, which otherwise would always be listed first. Learn how AllSides provides balanced news Live Updates: Super Tuesday Primary Election Results Tuesday is the biggest day in the presidential primary season, with voters in 15 states heading for the polls. Check back for live updates as results are tallied throughout the night.... From the Left Super Tuesday Live Updates New York Times (News) From the Center Super Tuesday 2024 Live Updates Newsweek From the Right Super Tuesday results live Washington Examiner Happening Today Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (I-AZ) said she would not run for reelection. Bitcoin's price rose above its November 2021 record high. The Biden administration said it flew 320,000 migrants to undisclosed US locations. Balanced coverage of the week's biggest story. By signing up for the Story of the Week newsletter you agree to our privacy policy. See all newsletters FEATURED Super Tuesday: 8 Non-Presidential Primaries Worth Watching Sixteen states and American Samoa are holding elections for Congress, state legislatures, local offices, and more. What's on Your 2024 Ballot? Misinformation Watch: Does Immigration Lead to More Crime? More featured content Fund the solution — not the fight. Join AllSides. Brent Stirton/Getty Images Headline Roundup Blaze Journalist Charged With 4 Misdemeanors Over Jan. 6 Capitol Riot From the Center Steve Baker Says He Was Criminally Charged by FBI for 'Scary Words' Newsweek From the Right Blaze News' Steve Baker released from courthouse after arrest over his Jan. 6 reporting — and notables have been reacting The Blaze From the Left Writer for conservative media outlet surrenders to face Capitol riot charges Associated Press Jay Paul/Reuters Headline Roundup How Will Super Tuesday Change the 2024 Presidential Race? From the Left Why Super Tuesday might finally give Trump a knockout blow Yahoo News From the Right Everything you need to know about Super Tuesday 2024 as Trump, Biden look to rack up delegates New York Post (News) From the Center Trump set to tighten grip on GOP nomination with possible Super Tuesday sweep The Hill Headline Roundup AG Garland Says Voting Rights Are 'Still Under Attack' See how Fox News (Online News), Alabama Political Reporter and Newsweek cover this story. Headline Roundup United Nations Confirms Evidence of Sexual Violence by Hamas See how NPR (Online News), BBC News and Washington Free Beacon cover this story. Headline Roundup Air Force Employee Charged with Relaying Classified Intel on Dating Site See how New York Daily News, The Hill and New York Post (News) cover this story. Headline Roundup Could We See Nikki Haley Run For President as the ‘No Labels’ Candidate? See how Jim Geraghty, Juan Williams and Politico cover this story. More headline roundups Balanced News on the Go. Download the AllSides app on iOS and Android. Discuss & Debate AllSides partners with Citizen Connect, Living Room Conversations and others to help people connect across divides. Democracy Happy Hour Fix Democracy First March 06 at 5pm PT / 8pm ET Women, Politics, and Peace Living Room Conversations March 08 at 9am PT / 12pm ET Unify Challenge Unify America March 13 at 11am PT / 2pm ET Discover more events that cross partisan divides More News from the Left, Center and Right News from the Left News from the Center News from the Right Opinion The Loser of This Election Will Be Forever Stained Charles C. W. Cooke News Florida’s ‘Stop WOKE’ Act ruled unconstitutional by circuit court for violating free speech Washington Examiner News Arizona governor vetoes 'Alien Invasion Act' allowing police to arrest illegal border crossers Fox News (Online News) News ICC issues arrest warrants for top Russian commanders BBC News News UN agency says attempt to resume northern Gaza food deliveries 'largely unsuccessful' Reuters News RFK Jr. sparks speculation of switch to Libertarian Party for greater ballot access Washington Examiner News Donald Trump's Losing White Evangelicals to Joe Biden Newsweek News Democrats invite doctors, patients to SOTU to highlight Dobbs’ ripple effects Politico News Administration officials watered down Kamala Harris' Gaza speech before delivery NBC News (Online) News Trump Co-Defendant Offers New Witness To Testify In Effort To Remove Willis HuffPost News Rewritten indictment against Sen. Bob Menendez alleges new obstruction of justice crimes Associated Press News Google is starting to squash more spam and AI in search results The Verge News Sinema won’t run for reelection in Arizona The Hill News Michelle Obama reveals whether she will run for president New York Post (News) Analysis Amy Coney Barrett disagreed with the majority over Trump, but admonished the liberals instead CNN (Online News) News Gangs seek to storm Haiti’s main airport World Magazine News Yahya Sinwar decided to launch October 7 attack alone, angering Hamas leaders - report The Jerusalem Post News Biden to launch joint FTC-DOJ task force to crack down on ‘unfair and illegal pricing’ CNBC News YouTube Music workers say they were ‘laid off’ during Austin City Council meeting Fox Business News ‘Two sessions’ 2024: risks ahead but China’s economy to stay on long-term, tech-led course South China Morning Post News Facebook and Instagram users report widespread outages, with many unable to log in CBS News (Online) News U.N. report: ‘Convincing’ information Hamas raped, tortured hostages Washington Post News Bitcoin Funds Pull In Money at Record Pace Wall Street Journal (News) News White House: Spending at Start of Biden Presidency Didn’t Cause Inflation, But Dampening Demand Helped Lower It Breitbart News News 3 things to know about the current crisis in Haiti NPR (Online News) News Gaza ceasefire talks extended in Cairo for another day, Hamas says Reuters Opinion America Is Under Assault Rich Lowry Analysis Do Americans Have a ‘Collective Amnesia’ About Donald Trump? New York Times (News) Fact Check Role of Illinois Circuit Court Judge Misrepresented in Post About Trump’s Removal from Ballot FactCheck.org News Democrats Jump at Chance to 'Revive Legislation' to Kick Trump Off of the Ballot Townhall News DOJ: Air Force Staffer Posted Secrets On Foreign Site JoeMyGod News Kibbutz Be’eri Rejects Story In New York Times October 7 Exposé: “They Were Not Sexually Abused” The Intercept News Singapore's deal to secure Taylor Swift tour exclusivity in Southeast Asia has nation's neighbors fuming—but it's Prime Minister insists the 'very successful' plot wasn't 'unfriendly' Fortune News Biden administration ADMITS flying 320,000 migrants secretly into the U.S. to reduce the number of crossings at the border has national security 'vulnerabilities' Daily Mail News Trump Expected to Defeat Haley Decisively in Utah Despite Lingering Reservations The Epoch Times News Four-state meat recall after life-threatening allergen found in products Fox Business News Jamie Raskin Says Democrats Are ‘Working’ On Bill To Disqualify Trump The Daily Caller News Meet The Biden Official Making Six Figures To Travel The Globe Pushing Transgenderism The Daily Wire News UN team says rape, gang rape likely occurred during Hamas attack on Israel Reuters News Maine secretary of state withdraws Trump ballot ban The Hill News Progressives Trade Blame Ahead Of Likely Defeat In California Senate Primary HuffPost News GOP Impeachment Witness Sues Ex-Trump Aide for Defamation Daily Beast News Key Figure in Trump’s Business Pleads Guilty to Felony Perjury New York Times (News) News Harvard in antisemitism storm over ‘genocide’ talk by professor who appeared with Hamas leader New York Post (News) News BlackRock Admits ESG Investments Pose Business Risk as Republican AGs Ramp Up Scrutiny National Review (News) News The IRS’s new free site for tax filing is now up and running Washington Post News Trump supporters target black voters with faked AI images BBC News News Haley faces growing third-party speculation The Hill News FBI hunts for suspected Iranian assassin targeting Trump-era officials Semafor News JetBlue and Spirit Airlines Call Off Merger Deal Wall Street Journal (News) Analysis Gangs rule Haiti’s capital. Some say they’re ready to overthrow the government too CNN (Online News) News Health-care hack spreads pain across hospitals and doctors nationwide Washington Post News Apple hit with more than $1.95 billion EU antitrust fine over music streaming CNBC News Which cities, counties and states in the US are ‘sanctuary’ jurisdictions? Fox News (Online News) Analysis Rubio gets the Cruz treatment with dubious ‘fact check’ Washington Examiner Fact Check Is Biden the 1st US President To 'Skip' a Cognitive Test? Snopes Fact Check Trump Claims 82% of People Believe in 'Rigged Election' Newsweek Fact Check News '60 Minutes' host presses Moms for Liberty co-founders in heated interview: 'You're being evasive' Fox News (Online News) Analysis Trump’s White House Was ‘Awash in Speed’ — and Xanax RollingStone.com Analysis The anti-abortion playbook for restricting birth control Vox There's no such thing as unbiased news. AllSides uses our Media Bias Ratings™ to provide a breadth of perspectives on the day's news, issues, and opinions — so you can decide. About AllSides Press Ownership Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy California Notice Cookie Settings © AllSides