ENISA Search English (en) English (en) Română (ro) Български (bg) čeština (cs) Dansk (da) Deutsch (de) Español (es) eesti (et) Suomi (fi) Français (fr) Gaeilge (ga) Hrvatski (hr) italiano (it) lietuvių (lt) Malti (mt) Nederlands (nl) polski (pl) Português (pt) magyar (hu) slovenčina (sk) Slovenščina (sl) Svenska (sv) ελληνικά (el) Latviešu (lv) Topics Awareness Raising Certification Cloud COVID19 Critical infrastructure Cryptography Cyber Crisis Management Cyber Threats Cybersecurity Policy Education Emerging Technologies Foresight Incident Reporting Incident response Market National Cybersecurity Strategies Research and Innovation Risk Management Standards Training and Exercises Vulnerability Disclosure Publications Tools News Events About Mandate and Regulatory Framework Structure & Organisation Accounting & Finance Procedures and Policies Data Protection Public Access to Documents Work with ENISA Careers 2 Procurement 1 Contact ENISA Topics Awareness Raising ENISA aims to raise cybersecurity awareness and promote behavioural change Subtopics: Awareness Campaigns SME Cybersecurity AR-in-a-Box Explore topic Certification The European Union through ENISA is developing EU cybersecurity certification which provides evidence of compliance to a given level of trust. Subtopics: Cybersecurity Certification Framework From Candidate to Certification Scheme Explore topic Cloud ENISA has written a number of papers on Cloud Computing Security and recently focused on Big Data security. Subtopics: Cloud Security Explore topic COVID19 ENISA shares its cybersecurity recommendations and resources to deal with the changes imposed by the outbreak of Covid-19. Critical infrastructure Securing key infrastructures across the Union. Subtopics: Telecom sector Energy sector Health sector Finance sector Maritime sector Rail sector Aviation sector Internet Infrastructure Explore topic Cryptography In cooperation with the European commission, Member States and other EU bodies, ENISA engages with expert groups to address emerging challenges and promote good practices on the implementation of cryptographic solutions, with a major focus on post-quantum computing. Cyber Crisis Management ENISA pioneers the development of proper mechanisms and consistency for cyber incident and crisis management. Cyber Threats Monitoring, analysing and reporting on the cybersecurity threat landscape is essential in order to understand what is happening in the cybersecurity ecosystem, take strategic informed decisions, conduct risk management and prioritise resources. Subtopics: Threat Landscape Explore topic Cybersecurity Policy Supporting the implementation of Union policy and law regarding cybersecurity Subtopics: Policy Observatory NIS Directive eIDAS European Electronic communications Code Data Protection Explore topic Education The immense gaps in cybersecurity skills indicates a new pathway for ENISA to support a systemic approach on cybersecurity in education. Subtopics: European Cybersecurity Challenge (ECSC) International Cybersecurity Challenge (ICC) European Cybersecurity Skills Framework (ECSF) Explore topic Emerging Technologies ENISA keeps abreast of the fast-paced digital evolution and the emergence of novel and innovative technologies, which highlight the importance of strategic foresight on emerging and future cybersecurity challenges. Subtopics: Internet of Things (IoT) Artificial Intelligence (AI) Explore topic Foresight Incident Reporting Incident reporting supports the understanding and analysis of the EU cybersecurity ecosystem. Subtopics: For Telcos For Trust Providers For Digital Service Providers (NIS Directive) Cybersecurity Incident Report and Analysis System – Visual Analysis Explore topic Incident response ENISA supports the prevention, detection and resolution of incidents through a network of Computer Security Incident Response Teams (CSIRTs). Subtopics: EU CyCLONe CSIRTs Network CSIRT Maturity Cooperation with CERT-EU Situational awareness CSIRT Inventory Glossary Explore topic Market Cybersecurity market analysis is a topic that plays an important role in regulation (Cybersecurity Act (CSA). Subtopics: Annual cybersecurity market analyses Cybersecurity Market Analysis Framework Explore topic National Cybersecurity Strategies In a constantly changing cyber threats environment, EU Member States need to have flexible and dynamic cybersecurity strategies to meet new, global threats. Subtopics: National Cybersecurity Strategies Guidelines & tools National Cybersecurity Strategies (NCSSs) Map Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) Information Sharing and Analysis Centers (ISACs) Explore topic Research and Innovation Promoting targeted R&I of cybersecurity technology and solutions that actually meet the needs and priorities to protect the Union from cyber threats. Subtopics: R&I Roadmap R&I observatory EU funding in cybersecurity Explore topic Risk Management Risk management remains an important tool for classifying and assessing current risks and threats. Standards ENISA supports the promotion of a single market for cybersecurity products and the securing of all elements of their supply chains. Subtopics: Standardisation Explore topic Training and Exercises Contributing to building well prepared and tested capabilities with the appropriate capacity to deal with the evolving threat environment across the EU. Subtopics: Cyber Exercises Trainings for Cybersecurity Specialists Explore topic Vulnerability Disclosure Latest news All news Press Release Geopolitics Accelerates Need For Stronger Cyber Crisis Management ENISA publishes a study on ‘Best Practices for Cyber Crisis Management’ that assists in preparation for crisis management. The study was conducted for the EU Cyber Crisis Liaison Organisation Network (CyCLONe) and is now available publicly. Published on February 28, 2024. Read more Joint Statement on Ivanti Connect Secure and Ivanti Policy Secure Vulnerabilities Assessment and advice on recovery and mitigating actions. Published on February 06, 2024. Read more Press Release An EU Prime! EU adopts first Cybersecurity Certification Scheme The European Cybersecurity Scheme on Common Criteria (EUCC) drafted by the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) has been adopted as the first scheme within the EU cybersecurity certification framework. Published on January 31, 2024. Read more Press Release CISA and ENISA enhance their Cooperation The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) has signed a Working Arrangement with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) of the US, in the areas of capacity-building, best practices exchange and boosting situational awareness. Published on December 07, 2023. Read more Press Release Warfare and Geopolitics are Fuelling Denial-of-Service Attacks The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA)’s new report on the Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks threat landscape finds 66% of DoS attacks are politically motivated. Published on December 06, 2023. Read more Press Release Geopolitics Accelerates Need For Stronger Cyber Crisis Management Published on February 28, 2024 Joint Statement on Ivanti Connect Secure and Ivanti Policy Secure Vulnerabilities Published on February 06, 2024 Press Release An EU Prime! EU adopts first Cybersecurity Certification Scheme Published on January 31, 2024 Press Release CISA and ENISA enhance their Cooperation Published on December 07, 2023 Press Release Warfare and Geopolitics are Fuelling Denial-of-Service Attacks Published on December 06, 2023 ENISA Topics A Trusted and Cyber Secure Europe Activities Ten operational activities and two corporate activities have been identified to support the implementation of the mandate of the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) in 2023. Single Programming Document 2023-2025 What we do The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) contributes to EU cyber policy, enhances the trustworthiness of ICT products, services and processes with cybersecurity certification schemes, cooperates with Member States and EU bodies, and helps Europe prepare for the cyber challenges of tomorrow. More about ENISA Mission The mission of the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) is to achieve a high common level of cybersecurity across the Union in cooperation with the wider community. ENISA Strategy Publications Best Practices for Cyber Crisis Management Published on February 28, 2024 Trust Services Security Incidents 2022 Published on February 22, 2024 Cyber Insurance - Models and methods and the use of AI Published on February 21, 2024 Low Earth Orbit (LEO) SATCOM Cybersecurity Assessment Published on February 15, 2024 More publications Upcoming events 4 2nd ENISA Cybersecurity Policy Conference April 17, 2024 Brussels, Belgium Cybersecurity Certification Conference 2024 April 18, 2024 Brussels, Belgium | Online ENISA Telecom & Digital Infrastructure Security Forum 2024 May 15, 2024 Helsinki, Finland Annual Privacy Forum 2024 September 04, 2024 Karlstad, Sweden More events Multimedia European Cybersecurity Skills Framework (ECSF) - Introduction Data Protection Education Certification More multimedia The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) is the Union's agency dedicated to achieving a high common level of cybersecurity across Europe. ENISA contributes to EU cyber policy, enhances the trustworthiness of ICT products, services and processes with cybersecurity certification schemes, cooperates with Member States and EU bodies, and helps Europe prepare for the cyber challenges of tomorrow. Learn more about ENISA Press & media centre Legal Notice Data Protection Cookies Contact us Public Access to Documents Connect with ENISA © 2005-2024 by the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity. ENISA is an agency of the European Union. This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Aside from essential cookies we also use tracking cookies for analytics. Find out more on how we use cookies. Accept all cookies Accept only essential cookies