The 19th News | An independent, nonprofit newsroom. Skip to content Skip to search Menu Our Mission Our Team Latest Stories Search Upcoming Events Contact Us Newsletter Donate Work With Us Fellowships 19th News Network Collections Topics From the Collection The 19th News Network Why Black South Carolinians are furious at Nikki Haley Brandon Tensley, Capital B · February 22 Alabama Supreme Court rules that frozen embryos outside the womb are children Alander Rocha, Alabama Reflector · February 20 The pope called for a ban on surrogacy. But what does that really mean? Bekah McNeel, Sojourners · February 13 From the Collection The Amendment The Amendment: Down South with Tressie McMillan Cottom Errin Haines · February 21 The Amendment is expanding: Meet our new podcast Errin Haines · February 15 The Amendment: Keeping democracy intact with Nikole Hannah-Jones Errin Haines · February 14 From the Collection Changing Child Care The 19th Explains: There’s no guide to looking for child care. We made one. Chabeli Carrazana · February 8 Her son died in day care. Ten years later, the system that could've saved him is still failing. Chabeli Carrazana · February 8 Who can you trust with your child’s safety? Chabeli Carrazana · February 8 From the Collection The 19th Explains The 19th Explains: There’s no guide to looking for child care. We made one. Chabeli Carrazana · February 8 The 19th Explains: Why some states are requiring ID to watch porn online Jasmine Mithani · January 29 The 19th Explains: Why there’s growing momentum for paid leave policies Mariel Padilla, Darreonna Davis · January 10 From the Collection On The Rise Gabby Giffords' gun safety group names new director with women and 2024 in mind Jennifer Gerson · January 18 Sarah McBride believes voters are ready for the first ever transgender member of Congress Orion Rummler · December 12 First Native Hawaiian woman confirmed as federal judge Candice Norwood · November 30 From the Collection The Electability Myth How many of your state’s lawmakers are women? If you live in the Southeast, it could be just 1 in 5 Jennifer Berry Hawes, ProPublica · January 11 Mayra Flores’ victory set a record for women in Congress. It also reflects the growing visibility of Republican Latinas Candice Norwood · June 21 Stepping in after tragedy: How political wives became widow lawmakers Mariel Padilla · May 24 From the Collection The Impact of Aging As Americans get pregnant later in life, can health care keep up? Shefali Luthra · December 7 From ballroom dancing to bloodshed, the older AAPI community grapples with gun control Nadra Nittle, Mariel Padilla · January 27 'I'm planning on working until the day I die': Older women voters are worried about the future Mariel Padilla · June 3 From the Collection The State of Our Nation Women and nonbinary people say doctors won’t stop talking about their weight Shefali Luthra · September 21 Democracy is a kitchen table issue Errin Haines · September 21 From the Collection Voting Rights Voting organizers are breathing ‘a deep sigh of relief’ over Supreme Court rulings on elections — for now Barbara Rodriguez · July 6 Ranked-choice voting is gaining momentum. So are efforts to stop it. Barbara Rodriguez · April 24 Connecticut voters approved early voting. Here’s how their new secretary of state wants to make it happen. Barbara Rodriguez · February 13 From the Collection Next-Gen GOP Mayra Flores’ victory set a record for women in Congress. It also reflects the growing visibility of Republican Latinas Candice Norwood · June 21 A banner year for Republican women Amanda Becker · November 11 Republican women could double representation in the U.S. House Amanda Becker · November 4 From the Collection Pandemic Within a Pandemic Some LGBTQ+ people worry that the COVID-19 vaccine will affect HIV medication. It won’t. Orion Rummler · November 23 Why are more men dying from COVID? It’s a complicated story of nature vs. nurture, researchers say Mariel Padilla · September 22 Few incarcerated women were released during COVID. The ones who remain have struggled. Candice Norwood · August 17 From the Collection Portraits of a Pandemic For family caregivers, COVID is a mental health crisis in the making Shefali Luthra · October 8 A new database tracks COVID-19’s effects on sex and gender Shefali Luthra · September 15 Pregnant in a pandemic: The 'perfect storm for a crisis' Shefali Luthra · August 25 View all collections Explore by Topic 19th Polling Abortion Business & Economy Caregiving Coronavirus Education Election 2020 Election 2022 Election 2024 Environment & Climate Health Immigration Inside The 19th Justice LGBTQ+ Military Podcast Politics Press Release Race Sports Technology View All Topics Search Open Menu Home Our Mission Our Team Latest Stories Search Upcoming Events Contact Us Newsletter Donate Work With Us Fellowships 19th News Network We’re an independent, nonprofit newsroom reporting on gender, politics and policy. Read our story. The Amendment Introducing a new podcast from The 19th's Errin Haines, aimed at shedding light on our politics and giving a voice to the new electorate. Listen Here The 19th News Network How to watch ‘Breaking the News’ The Amendment podcast Black History Month Abortion on the ballot Kyrsten Sinema will not seek reelection to Arizona Senate seat Even without the Democrat-turned-independent, the race is still expected to be one of the most competitive 2024 Senate races in the country. Amanda Becker · March 5 Headlines For new parents in Wisconsin, Medicaid postpartum care lags most of the country Rachel Hale, Wisconsin Watch · March 5 The SAT test is going digital. Here’s what you need to know. Nadra Nittle · March 5 Join The 19th at three SXSW events The 19th Staff · March 4 The 19th thanks our sponsors. Become one. More from The 19th 0 to 50: How one progressive group plans to build a bench of Afro Latinas in politics To get more representation for Latinas, including in Congress, Latino Victory is looking to chart a path to election for Afro Latinas — and back them when they run. Mel Leonor Barclay · March 4 Sandra Day O’Connor is too ‘undistinguished’ to warrant a statue, Arizona Republicans say Conservatives saying that the idea of honoring O’Connor, a moderate Republican and the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court, was offensive. Jerod MacDonald-Evoy, Arizona Mirror · March 1 CVS and Walgreens will start selling abortion pills this month Mifepristone will be available at stores in seven states. Eventually, both pharmacies will make it available in all states where abortion is legal. Shefali Luthra · March 1 Barbara Lee takes another stand She’s a Black progressive from Oakland who has voted on her principles, carving out space for others to follow. Can she convince Californians to send her to the Senate? Amanda Becker · March 1 The 19th Explains: How you can make bathrooms safer for trans and nonbinary people Being an ally is not complicated — but can have a big impact in interrupting discrimination. Kate Sosin · March 1 The designer of the Black Disabled Lives Matter symbol on zines, parenting and solidarity Jen White-Johnson was always an artist, but her son inspired her to break free — furthering her mission of using art to combat injustice. Sara Luterman · February 29 The 19th Explains: Will states follow Alabama in ending IVF access? The implications of the state Supreme Court ruling outside of Alabama remain uncertain, but legal researchers have their eye on a handful of states that could see similar changes. Shefali Luthra · February 29 The 19th’s fellows pay tribute to the artistic HBCU alumni who inspire them As part of our Black History Month coverage, three of our fellows profile the journalists, artists and actors who have left a mark on the culture, and on the current and former students following in their footsteps. Racquel Bethea, Victoria Clark, Eshe Ukweli · February 29 Race Black History Month: Our art is our power in the evolving American story This Black History Month, The 19th’s coverage will explore the ways that African-American arts show up in Black culture. Karen Hawkins · February 9 The 19th thanks our sponsors. Become one. From the Collection The 19th News Network Why Black South Carolinians are furious at Nikki Haley Brandon Tensley, Capital B · February 22 Alabama Supreme Court rules that frozen embryos outside the womb are children Alander Rocha, Alabama Reflector · February 20 The pope called for a ban on surrogacy. But what does that really mean? Bekah McNeel, Sojourners · February 13 Caregiving Her son died in day care. Ten years later, the system that could’ve saved him is still failing. In 2014, states were required to begin reporting how many children die, are injured or abused in child care. Some still aren’t. For parents who have lost children, it’s proof that the system isn’t working. Chabeli Carrazana · February 8 Education Biden is forgiving another $1.2 billion in student loan debt starting today More than 150,000 borrowers approved for a special benefit in the Saving on a Valuable Education (SAVE) Plan will see their debts automatically discharged. Nadra Nittle · February 21 Caregiving A new child tax credit could pass this month. Here’s what it would do for low-income families. About 90 percent of the proposed child tax credit changes are aimed at expanding how much the lowest-income families can receive. But the proposal faces a difficult road to passage. Chabeli Carrazana · January 16 View All Stories Join The 19th Our journalism is powered by readers who believe in our mission to empower women and LGBTQ+ people — particularly those from underrepresented communities — with the information, resources and tools they need to be equal participants in our democracy. Will you join us? Become a Member • Get the Newsletter The 19th The 19th is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. Our stories are free to republish in accordance with these guidelines. Donate Newsletter Events Search Jobs Fellowships Contact Us About Us The 19th News Network Community Guidelines Membership Membership FAQ Ways to Give Sponsorship Privacy Twitter Facebook Instagram