Visual Studio: IDE and Code Editor for Software Developers and Teams Skip to main content Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Studio Visual Studio Home Developer Tools Visual Studio 2022 Visual Studio 2022 Overview Features Editions Extensions Get Started Service Status Support Documentation Blog Visual Studio Code Visual Studio Code Overview Extensions Support Documentation Blog Downloads Buy Individual Use​ Small to medium teams​ Large Organization Sales Support​ Marketplace Subscriptions Overview Support​ Administrator Portal​ Subscriber Portal​ Dev Essentials More Free Visual Studio All Microsoft Global Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Windows 365 Tech & innovation Tech & innovation Microsoft Cloud AI Azure Space Mixed reality Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft Viva Quantum computing Sustainability Industries Industries Education Automotive Financial services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Retail All industries Partners Partners Find a partner Become a partner Partner Network Find an advertising partner Become an advertising partner Azure Marketplace AppSource Resources Resources Blog Microsoft Advertising Developer Center Documentation Events Licensing Microsoft Learn Microsoft Research View Sitemap Search Search No results Cancel Sign in Visual Studio: IDE and Code Editor for Software Developers and Teams2024-01-30T10:31:44-08:00 GitHub Copilot and Visual Studio 2022Get more done with your AI pair programmerStay in your flow and complete tasks faster with the help of multi-line suggestions prompted by your code and code comments. Building new functionality, writing unit tests, and learning new technologies has never been easier or more fun. NEWGitHub Copilot for Business adds security vulnerability filtering, proxy support, and industry leading privacy. 55% faster coding 46% code written 75% more fulfilled Get GitHub Copilot Learn more Meet the Visual Studio family Visual Studio The most comprehensive IDE for .NET and C++ developers on Windows. Fully packed with a sweet array of tools and features to elevate and enhance every stage of software development. Learn more Download Visual Studio Community 2022 Professional 2022 Enterprise 2022 Visual Studio Code A standalone source code editor that runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux. The top pick for JavaScript and web developers, with extensions to support just about any programming language. Learn more By using Visual Studio Code you agree to its license & privacy statement Download Visual Studio Code Windows x64User Installer macOS UniversalPackage Linux x64.deb Linux x64.rpm More Wondering which tool is best for you? We can help. Visual Studio 2022The Visual Studio IDE is a creative launching pad that you can use to edit, debug, and build code, and then publish an app. Over and above the standard editor and debugger that most IDEs provide, Visual Studio includes compilers, code completion tools, graphical designers, and many more features to enhance the software development process. Download Community 2022 Professional 2022 Enterprise 2022 Code faster Work smarter Visual Studio is the fastest IDE for productivity. Target any platform, any device. Build any type of application. Work together in real time. Diagnose and stop problems before they happen. It makes the stuff you do every day more fluid and responsive. Discover Visual Studio Visual Studio CodeVisual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS and Linux. It comes with built-in support for JavaScript, TypeScript and Node.js and has a rich ecosystem of extensions for other languages and runtimes (such as C++, C#, Java, Python, PHP, Go, .NET). Download Windows x64User Installer macOS UniversalPackage Linux x64.deb Linux x64.rpm More Code editing. Redefined Debug code right from the editor. Launch or attach to your running apps and debug with break points, call stacks, and an interactive console. Learn more EVENT Tea and Technology Visual Studio Miniseries Now streaming on YouTube: Unlock new coding insights with our 7-episode miniseries featuring Visual Studio product managers. Watch on YouTube FEATURE GitHub Copilot and Visual Studio 2022 Stay in your flow and complete tasks faster with the help of multi-line suggestions prompted by your code and code comments. Building new functionality, writing unit tests, and learning new technologies has never been easier or more fun. Get GitHub Copilot GENERAL AVAILABILITY New features come to Microsoft Dev Box Microsoft Dev Box provides developers with self-service access to high-performance, cloud-based workstations preconfigured for your projects. Now generally available. Learn more EVENT Tea and Technology Visual Studio Miniseries Now streaming on YouTube: Unlock new coding insights with our 7-episode miniseries featuring Visual Studio product managers. Watch on YouTube FEATURE GitHub Copilot and Visual Studio 2022 Stay in your flow and complete tasks faster with the help of multi-line suggestions prompted by your code and code comments. Building new functionality, writing unit tests, and learning new technologies has never been easier or more fun. Get GitHub CopilotGENERAL AVAILABILITY New features come to Microsoft Dev Box Microsoft Dev Box provides developers with self-service access to high-performance, cloud-based workstations preconfigured for your projects. Now generally available.Learn more Tea and TechnologyGitHub Copilot and Visual Studio 2022Announcing Microsoft Dev Box Take it further with extensionsExtensions are add-ons that customize and enhance Visual Studio, including extra settings, features, or uses for existing tools. With thousands of extensions on the marketplace, you’ve got options galore to increase your productivity and cater to your workflow. Explore Extensions GitHub Copilot Installs Get Extension GitHub Copilot is an AI pair programmer that helps you write code faster and with less work. GitHub Installs Get Extension A Visual Studio Extension that brings the GitHub Flow into Visual Studio. Power tools Installs Get extension Installs the individual extensions of Productivity Power Tools 2022. Visual Studio Theme Pack Installs Learn more Collection of popular themes, now available for Visual Studio. Visual Studio SubscriptionsGet more from Visual Studio with a subscription! Get access to platforms like Azure, training, and more for your team. Latest and past versions of Visual Studio Discounts on Azure services when used for dev/test purposes DevOps services to support your development workflow Monthly Azure credits to learn, experiment, and prototype Access Microsoft’s entire catalog of software for dev/test use Training resources like Pluralsight and LinkedIn Learning Technical support incidents for your dev/test issues Explore options A product family that’s earned your trust Millions of developers from teams and organizations of all sizes rely on Visual Studio products to make their software. What’s new from the Visual Studio team [...] [...] Loading Posts, Please Wait... [...] [...] [...] Loading Posts, Please Wait... [...] [...] [...] Loading Posts, Please Wait... [...] [...] [...] Loading Posts, Please Wait... [...] Loading Posts...Loading Posts...Loading Posts...Loading Posts... Visual Studio Free download Visual Studio Code Free download What's new Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Surface Pro 9 Surface Laptop 5 Surface Studio 2+ Copilot in Windows Microsoft 365 Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents Azure for students Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft Industry Small Business Developer & IT Azure Developer Center Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Contact us Privacy & cookies Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2024 Feedback