Meal Planning Made Simple - eMeals Welcome! | My Meal Plans | Logout eMeals Login Forgot Password? login Try Free for 14-Days Your browser does not support HTML5 Video Less Stress, More Dinners We Plan, They Shop, You Cook. playBtn Created with Sketch. Watch Video How It Works number-1 Created with Sketch. 1 Choose Your Meals Our weekly meal plans offer the variety and flexibility for you to pick the recipes that best fit your needs each week. number-2 Created with Sketch. 2 Get Your Groceries Shop yourself or skip the store by sending your shopping list directly to grocers like Walmart, Amazon, Kroger and Instacart. number-3 Created with Sketch. 3 Enjoy Delicious Meals Getting dinner on the table has never been easier with healthy, homecooked meals that the whole family will love. Try Free for 14 Days eMeals works with eMeals works with "We started eMeals to help families take the stress out of planning and shopping." Jenny Cochran Co-Founder eMeals One Subscription, Endless Variety Enjoy full access to the entire range of delicious and healthy recipes crafted and curated by our professional food team and registered dietitians. Quick and Healthy Quick and Healthy Low Carb Low Carb Keto Keto Clean Eating Clean Eating Budget Friendly Budget Friendly 30 Minutes 30 Minutes Low Calorie Low Calorie Plant Based Plant Based Kid Friendly Kid Friendly Gluten Free Gluten Free Diabetic Diabetic Heart Healthy Heart Healthy Paleo Paleo Quick and Healthy Quick and Healthy Low Carb Low Carb Keto Keto Clean Eating Clean Eating Budget Friendly Budget Friendly Show All 15 Meal Plans > Save Two Hours Every Week More than two million customers have trusted eMeals to help solve dinner. I have been looking for ways to reduce stress over meal planning and this is it. Super easy to use, delicious recipes,...- Jodi GreeneI find the recipes provided eMeals easy to use and consistently great. What's more impressive is that my picky kids approve of...- Colt FotheringhamI love the variety of multiple meal options, that it is not required to do weekly, and the ability to link to...- Mary Dean powered by Get out of the Dinner Time Rut New ideas every week to help you get great dinners on the table without having to think about it. Quick and Healthy Pork Chops with Rosemary-Mustard Sauce Plum-Watercress Salad Low Carb Cheesy Bacon-Wrapped Chicken Tenders Mixed Greens with Peaches and Almonds Budget Friendly Shrimp Po' Boys Creole Potato Chips and Dill Pickle Spears Clean Eating Seared Chicken with Summer Vegetable Sauté Rosemary and Olive Oil Gluten Free Grilled Steak, Bok Choy, and Mushrooms Cilantro Basmati Rice Paleo Greek Chicken Thighs with Lemon and Olives White Wine and Olive Oil eMeals Makes Planning Dinner Easy and Stress Free Try Free for 14 Days Frequently Asked Questions Does eMeals require that I have my groceries delivered or gathered for pickup? No, you can use the app to shop yourself at the grocery store of your choice. But eMeals also offers integrated pickup and delivery of the meal ingredients through grocers like Walmart, Kroger, Amazon and Instacart. Try it once, and you may never go back to the grocery store again! Would I have access to all the meal plans? Absolutely! Our goal is to provide each user with a curated flow of recipes based on their top nutrition goals, but also the flexibility to meet their changing lifestyle and family needs. Users have unlimited access to the full range of our dinner food styles. Do you have a smartphone app to access my plan on the go? Yes. We have free, dedicated iOS and Android apps that are available to all users with an active subscription. You can choose your meals for the week and have your shopping list sent for pickup or delivery all while waiting in the carpool line! After signing up on our website, simply download the app and login using your email and password. What if I don’t want to use all of the dinner meals on my plan? Our goal is to provide plenty of variety and inspiration for you to pick and choose the meals that most appeal to you and your family. You will have access to the current week’s plan, to previous weeks, to your favorites as well as to recipes from other food style plans. In the app, you can easily select the meals that you want for the week, and the app automatically creates a shopping list based on your selections. How much does eMeals cost? A subscription to eMeals is as low as $4.99 a month for a 12-month subscription. You also have the option of a 3-month subscription for $35.99. Our customers tell us that they save an average of $2,000 a year on their food costs! But if you’re not sure whether eMeals is a good fit, you can try it FREE for 14 days to see for yourself! Do you have breakfast and lunch plans? Yes, we offer Lunch and Breakfast Plans that provide new ideas each week tailored to match your desired food style. You can choose to add a lunch or breakfast plan when signing up or directly from the Member Area of our website. Can I use the eMeals app to shop and cook other recipes? Yes, in addition to saving your favorite recipes from eMeals, you can add personal family recipes as well as recipes from anywhere on the web. Site Links Home Login Try Us How it Works Gift Certificates Help Meal Plans Overview 30 Minute Budget Friendly Clean Eating Diabetic Gluten Free Heart Healthy Keto Kid Friendly Low Calorie Low Carb Mediterranean Paleo Plant Based Quick and Healthy Slow Cooker Skip the Store Overview Albertsons Amazon Fresh Instacart Kroger Safeway Shipt Walmart Grocery Company Info Leadership Team Partner with Us Affiliate Customer Reviews Press & Buzz Careers Contact Connect with Us Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Pin with us Need Help? Accessibility Options Copyright 2002-2024, eMeals Inc. The eMeals name and logo is a trademark of eMeals Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Try Free for 14-Days Meal Plans How it Works Login