Wisconsin Elections Commission Skip to main content Wisconsin Elections Commission Wisconsin Elections Commission search-icon Close Icon Toggle Search Clerks Sub items Clerk Directory Clerk Training Election Notices Forms and Ballot Templates Manuals New Clerk Checklist Election Topics A - Z Clerk Communications Archived Clerk Communications School District Clerks Election Subgrants Candidates Sub items Getting on the Ballot Filing Candidacy Paperwork Local Candidates State Candidates Federal Candidates Elections Sub items Wisconsin Elections Election Security & Integrity Election Complaints Voting Equipment in Wisconsin Voting Equipment Security Election Results Transmission Badger Books Election Results Recounts Recall Elections Poll Workers & Observers Sub items Working the Polls High School Poll Workers Poll Worker Training Observing Election Processes Statistics & Data Sub items Voter Registration Statistics Absentee Statistics Voting Statistics Voter Turnout Voter List Maintenance Electronic Registration Information Center (ERIC) Public Records Requests Voters Sub items Go to MyVote Voter Information Center Voter Registration Photo ID Voting by Mail Accessible Voting Military & Overseas Voters Elections 101 Forms About the WEC Sub items Meetings and Minutes Members and Administrator Statutes and Administrative Rules Contact Us News & Events Sub items Calendar Election Fact Check Events News About the WEC Sub items Meetings and Minutes Members and Administrator Statutes and Administrative Rules Contact Us News & Events Sub items Calendar Election Fact Check Events News Search Wisconsin Doesn't Vote on Super Tuesday! The Spring Election and Presidential Preference Vote are on April 2. Check to see if you're registered or request your absentee ballot on MyVote Wisconsin Go to MyVote Wisconsin Administering Wisconsin's Elections The Wisconsin Elections Commission is a six member, bipartisan commission charged with implementing Wisconsin's election statutes and supporting Wisconsin's 1,850 county and municipal clerks. About the WEC Wisconsin's Election Fact Checks Are you hearing about an election-related topic in the news or somewhere else? WEC has created Fact Checks to address some of the topics on voters' minds. Become a Poll Worker Poll Workers perform a very important public service by enhancing the high quality and integrity of Wisconsin's elections. Serve your local community by working as a poll worker for the next election. Frequently Asked Questions Are you a voter, candidate, election official, or observer with a question? See the answers to some of the most commonly asked questions. Complaints & Comments Any person may file an official sworn complaint alleging a violation of Wisconsin election laws or report a concern about an election-related experience. Click here to learn more. Election Security & Integrity Wisconsin’s election systems are secure thanks to the Wisconsin Elections Commission’s strong partnerships with federal and state agencies and local election officials. Click here to learn more about election security in Wisconsin. Recent Clerk Communications Go to recent clerk communications about upcoming deadlines, recent court decisions, upcoming webinars, and other priority communications for clerks. MyVote Wisconsin MyVote Wisconsin is voters’ best source of information about when and where to vote, what’s on the ballot, absentee voting and voter registration. Go to MyVote The Learning Center TLC has training activities for all election officials about WisVote, Election Administration, Security Awareness, and Badger Book. Learners can view video demonstration overviews and interactive tutorials. About the Learning Center Elections & Important Dates 2024 Spring & Presidential Preference Election Election Day 2024 Partisan Primary Election Day 2024 General Election Election Day All Elections and Deadlines All Dates Wisconsin Elections Commission 201 W Washington Ave, Madison WI 53703 Phone: 608-266-8005 TTY: 1-800-947-3529 Email: [email protected] © Wisconsin Elections Commission. All Rights Reserved. Search