American Alliance of Museums – American Alliance of Museums Privacy notice This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. I Accept and dismiss this message Skip to content AAM Homepage American Alliance of Museums Site navigation The following menu has 3 levels. Press tab to enter the menus and then use your arrow keys, enter, and escape to use the menus. Please note that items in the second level of these menus can open a page and also expand submenus. Use left and right arrow keys to navigate between menus. Use escape to exit. Use down arrow to open a parent menu. Within a submenu, Use up and down arrow keys to explore. Use right arrow key to expand additional submenus. Use escape to move to parent menu. Use enter to go to the page. Resources & Publications Resource Library (Members only) AAM Learning Programs Alliance Blog Future of Museums Blog Museum magazine Exhibition journal Bookstore Toolkits & Guides Write for the Alliance Reports & Research Sample Documents (Tier3 only) Customized Assistance (Tier 3 only) Advance Your Career Manage Your Career Find Salary Information Build your Network Career Management Resources Professional Development Resources Resource Library [column-break] JobHQ Find a Job Post a Job Swap Advice on Museum Junction Awards and Recognition Events AAM Annual Meeting & MuseumExpo Museums Advocacy Day Conference of the Americas Future of Museums Summit Calendar of Events Add Your Event (Ally Members only) About Museums COVID-19 Resources & Information for the Museum Field Learn More About Museums Museum Facts & Data Reports and Research Diversity, Equity, Accessibility, and Inclusion Museums and P-12 Education Financial Sustainability Find a Museum Center for the Future of Museums Facing Change: Advancing Board Diversity Museum Marketplace [column-break] Advocacy Ethics, Standards and Professional Practices Ethics Core Standards for Museums Core Documents Accreditation & Excellence Programs Pledge of Excellence Museum Assessment Program Core Documents Verification Accreditation Peer Review Toolkits & Guides Membership Types and Benefits Museum Membership Individual Membership Industry Membership Ally Membership About Membership Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Renew Your Membership Donate Support AAM Corporate Partnerships Exhibit with AAM Advertising Donate Now 2020 Impact Report About AAM About the American Alliance of Museums Strategic Framework Our Board Our Staff Employment Opportunities Advertising & Partnerships Press Releases Contact Us Subscribe [column-break] What We Do Accreditation and Excellence Advocacy Advisors & Speakers Bureau Annual Meeting and MuseumExpo Bookstore Building Audiences Center for the Future of Museums Ethics, Standards, and Professional Practices Facing Change: Advancing Board Diversity Museums and Creative Aging Museums Fostering Belonging Reports and Research Swap Advice on Museum Junction Where to Find Us Get Involved With AAM Logout Login Hamburger icon Resources & Publications Resource Library (Members only) AAM Learning Programs Alliance Blog Future of Museums Blog Museum magazine Exhibition journal Bookstore Toolkits & Guides Write for the Alliance Reports & Research Sample Documents (Tier3 only) Customized Assistance (Tier 3 only) Advance Your Career Manage Your Career Find Salary Information Build your Network Career Management Resources Professional Development Resources Resource Library [column-break] JobHQ Find a Job Post a Job Swap Advice on Museum Junction Awards and Recognition Events AAM Annual Meeting & MuseumExpo Museums Advocacy Day Conference of the Americas Future of Museums Summit Calendar of Events Add Your Event (Ally Members only) About Museums COVID-19 Resources & Information for the Museum Field Learn More About Museums Museum Facts & Data Reports and Research Diversity, Equity, Accessibility, and Inclusion Museums and P-12 Education Financial Sustainability Find a Museum Center for the Future of Museums Facing Change: Advancing Board Diversity Museum Marketplace [column-break] Advocacy Ethics, Standards and Professional Practices Ethics Core Standards for Museums Core Documents Accreditation & Excellence Programs Pledge of Excellence Museum Assessment Program Core Documents Verification Accreditation Peer Review Toolkits & Guides Membership Types and Benefits Museum Membership Individual Membership Industry Membership Ally Membership About Membership Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Renew Your Membership Donate Support AAM Corporate Partnerships Exhibit with AAM Advertising Donate Now 2020 Impact Report About AAM About the American Alliance of Museums Strategic Framework Our Board Our Staff Employment Opportunities Advertising & Partnerships Press Releases Contact Us Subscribe [column-break] What We Do Accreditation and Excellence Advocacy Advisors & Speakers Bureau Annual Meeting and MuseumExpo Bookstore Building Audiences Center for the Future of Museums Ethics, Standards, and Professional Practices Facing Change: Advancing Board Diversity Museums and Creative Aging Museums Fostering Belonging Reports and Research Swap Advice on Museum Junction Where to Find Us Get Involved With AAM Search AAM Search AAM Close search form American Alliance of Museums homepage Ready to start a capital campaign? Register for our webinar on March 27, How Do You Know You’re Ready for a Capital Campaign? Where Do You Start? Learn from the San Diego Museum of Art and CCS Fundraising about launching a successful capital campaign and gain insights into planning, execution, and strategies. Register Now Featured stories Marilyn Jackson Named the New President and CEO of the American Alliance of Museums By American Alliance of Museums Category: Press Release For Immediate Release Arlington, VA—After a comprehensive national search, Marilyn Jackson has been named the next President and CEO of the American Alliance of Museums. Jackson will assume … Why Museums Need Internal Audit By Humza Elahi, Christienne Johnson, Roman Lindauer, and Laurie Scofield Category: Alliance Blog How do you feel when you hear the words “internal audit”? For many people, the answer is a sense of anxiety and perhaps even a muttered “uh oh.” As a group of museum internal auditors, … Sealed with a Kiss: A Q&A on Gallery Belvedere’s Multimillion-Dollar NFT By Adam Rozan Category: Alliance Blog I’ve long been interested in the ways that today’s cultural organizations go about raising the necessary funds to support their work—especially non-traditional approaches. The most recent … Recruiting the Future of the Future By Elizabeth Merritt Category: Center for the Future Of Museums Blog I am very happy to announce that the Alliance is recruiting an Assistant Director for the Center for the Future of Museums. I hope you will broadcast that news, and help us find the person … Seizing the Moment: How Museum Outreach and Programming Can Champion Overlooked Communities By Deborah Ziska Category: Alliance Blog Sometimes, instead of waiting for an invitation, overlooked communities will come knocking at your door. If so, is your museum ready to be fearless, seize the moment, collaborate, share … Out of Sight: How Museums Can Harness the Blind Perspective to Enrich Visitor Experiences By Violet Rose Arma Category: Alliance Blog Do blind people enjoy visiting museums? Yes and no. Cheryl Fogle-Hatch and Don Winiecki captured this complicated reality in 2020, when they conducted a survey of blind adults discussing … Your Guide to the Future at AAM 2024 By Elizabeth Merritt Category: Center for the Future Of Museums Blog Hello museum people—I hope to see you in Baltimore, MD, May 16-19 for the 2024 Annual Meeting and MuseumExpo. There are always so many great sessions on the program that a common quandary … Expand Access to American Art with Art Bridges Foundation By Art Bridges Foundation Category: Industry Advertorial Ask someone working in the arts why they work in the arts. Often the answer lies in a formative experience in youth, when exposure to great art inspired and instilled a drive to share that … See all posts A World of Connections. Museum professionals and volunteers across the country enjoy connecting with their peers, finding new job opportunities, and accessing valuable resources through the American Alliance of Museums. AAM members benefit from exclusive networking opportunities, products, and services that help advance their careers and enrich their institutions. Become a Member Editor's Picks Climate Action Heroes: How National Children’s Museum Is Empowering the Next Generation of Climate Innovators By Meredith Hamme & Paige Childs Category: Alliance Blog African American students walking out of school to march for equal rights in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1963. Eight-year-old activist Jennifer Keelan-Chaffins climbing out of her wheelchair … Welcome to TrendsWatch By Elizabeth Merritt Category: Museum Magazine Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world. — Lauren Bacall This article originally appeared in Museum magazine’s January/February 2024 issue, a … Finding New Audiences in Small Markets By Mary Zell Galen Category: Alliance Blog While most major museums are based in urban centers or tourist hubs, those located in more rural areas face a unique challenge to expand their reach. Without a large local population or a … When the Ancestors Call to You By Isabel K. Handa & Amy V. Margaris Category: Center for the Future Of Museums Blog When we think about barriers to change, practical issues like time, money, and legal issues often are top of mind. This can be true, for example, when museums talk about repatriation, … Non-Traditional Internships Provide New Perspectives, New Educational Tools By Annie Thomas-Bubel Category: Alliance Blog Nemours Estate is not your typical historic site. The two-hundred-acre estate, home to Mr. Alfred I. duPont and his family from 1910 until 1970, is set apart from other stately homes of the … Twelve Museum Innovations in 2023 By Joseph O'Neill Category: Center for the Future Of Museums Blog Dispatches from the Center for the Future of Museums is a museum newsletter like none other, offering far-reaching analysis of emerging social, technological, economic, environmental, and … The Transformative Power of Employee Activism By Tracy L. Lawrence Category: Alliance Blog Museums and cultural institutions are undergoing a seismic shift, being rightly called to reassess norms and practices to address historical inequities and better reflect and serve their … Curatorial Chatbot: An Experiment with AI at the Nasher Museum of Art By Elizabeth Merritt Category: Center for the Future Of Museums Blog CFM has explored museum applications of artificial intelligence (AI) since 2017, notably business analytics, customer service, collections data analysis, and provenance research. Today on … See all Editor's Picks Upcoming Events View All Events Spotlight: Most-read posts from the Alliance Blog this week! Neurodivergent Needs: A Q&A with ADDitude Magazine By Adam Rozan Want to Teach Diversity and Inclusion? Go Outside! By Dan Kriesberg & Camille S. Edwards Identity, Choice, and Emotion: New Approaches to Touring By Debbi Hegstrom, Kara ZumBahlen, and Sheila McGuire Site footer The American Alliance of Museums’ mission is to champion equitable and impactful museums by connecting people, fostering learning and community, and nurturing museum excellence. American Alliance of Museums Footer links About AAM Contact Us Press Room View or Edit My Profile Renew Your Membership Terms of Use Blog Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Copyright Statement Social media accounts Facebook Icon: Facebook Twitter Logo: Twitter LinkedIn Logo: LinkedIn Instagram Logo: Instagram Copyright links © 2024 American Alliance of Museums Subscribe to Field Notes!Packed with stories and insights for museum people, Field Notes is delivered to your inbox every Monday. Once you've completed the form below, confirm your subscription in the email sent to you. If you are a current AAM member, please sign-up using the email address associated with your account. Primary RoleArchivist/LibrarianBoard Chair (unpaid)Community Outreach/External RelationsConservationConsultant/Independent ProfessionalCuratorialDevelopmentEducator: College/UniversityEducator: MuseumExhibitionsFacility/OperationsFinance & AccountingFormer Director/CEOGeneral Administrative StaffGovernment Agency StaffGovernment RelationsHRIT/WebLegalLiving Collections CareMembershipMuseum Events/Food ServiceMuseum StoreMuseum TrusteeMuseum VolunteerOther Museum FunctionOther Non-Museum FunctionPresident/CEO/Executive DirectorPublic Relations & MarketingPublicationsRegistration/Collections ManagementResearch: Audience EvaluationResearch: Discipline BasedRetired Museum StaffSecuritySenior Management/VP/COO/CFO/Division DirectorStudent: Museum-RelatedStudent: OtherVisitor ServicesVolunteer Management Are you a museum professional? Yes No Are you a current AAM member? Yes No SUBSCRIBE! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription, and please add communications@aam-us.org to your safe sender list.