Cake Journal - Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarCake Lounge Easy Embossed Cookies Recipe How to Make Heart-Shaped Cake with Buttercream Roses Desserts Best 3 Cookie Scoop Sizes and How to Use Them? Babycakes Cake Pop Maker Review and Tutorial Recipes Traditional Castella Cake Recipe Stabilized Whipped Cream Frosting (Easy Recipe) Best Frozen-Themed Cake Ideas with Images Tips & tools What to Do With Cake Scraps? (8 Easy Recipes) Luster Dust: If You Don’t Know About It, You Need To! How To Use Edible Glue and How to Make It How to Use Russian Piping Tips and Tutorial What Is Wafer Paper and How to Use It? (Video Tutorials) Tutorials How To Make Royal Icing (Easy Recipe) How to Flood Cookies with Royal Icing? How To Use Candy Molds Properly How to Make Cake Pops: Easy Step-by-Step Tutorial Fondant On Cookies: Easy Way To Decorate About Us Contact How To Make Valentine’s Day Underwear Cookies February 14, 2024 by Louise 4 Comments I’m all about making sweets for my sweetest on Valentine’s Day. I usually go with something that’s a little cheeky, but never too risqué. That’s where these cute underwear cookies come in. They’re fun to make, a little tongue-in-cheek and definitely suggestive without being raunchy. Plus, these are easily personalized by switching up the stitching and changing… Read More How to Make Valentine’s Heart Cookies February 14, 2024 by Louise 36 Comments No Valentine’s Day without something sweet. Therefore I have made some Valentine’s heart cookies and iced them with rolled fondant. To get the really deep red that I have used on some of the cookies. I have used a mix of Crystal color’s Poinsetta and Americolor’s Super Red. The mix of powder and gel together… Read More How to Make Valentine’s Boxer Short Cookies February 13, 2024 by Louise 7 Comments With Valentine’s Day approaching, I thought I would show you how to make a collection of themed cookies. With so many girly options about, this is one for the boys! Boxer shorts and tees! This is what I used: Cookie dough Large rolling pin Cutters: Heart, Rectangle (6.5 x 4.5 cm) Baby Grow (though you… Read More How to Make a Gingerbread Christmas Cookie Tree (Tutorial) December 9, 2023 by Louise 16 Comments This is a tutorial for the gingerbread Christmas cookie tree that I made last year. I used my Christmas cookie tree as a centerpiece on our buffet and there were such a wonderful smell of cinnamon, ginger and cloves during the Christmas days. You could also make a little forest with tree’s in different sizes… Read More How to Make an ‘Elf On The Shelf’ Cake Topper (Full Tutorial) December 9, 2023 by Renée 13 Comments My household is obsessed with The Elf on the Shelf this time of year so I had to turn the little guy into a cake topper. I took some photos along the way! This is what I used: Edible Elf Cake Toppers I have several homemade face molds from my daughter’s dolls. I thought this… Read More How to Make Santa Cupcake Toppers December 8, 2023 by Louise 1 Comment These cute Santa cupcake toppers are great fun to make with the kids, make ideal gifts or for gracing your Christmas desert table, and yet are so effective and simple to make. You will need: Cupcakes Buttercream Red, white and black sugar paste (fondant) Spatula Rolling pin Knife Assorted round cutters (preferably double sided straight… Read More How to Make Cute Turkey Cupcake Toppers November 11, 2023 by Renée 7 Comments Kawaii is a Japanese word for “cute” and it has become an popular genre of cake decorating. To create a fresh version of Thanksgiving cupcake toppers, I gave the traditional turkey a kawaii spin. These adorable fondant toppers are sure to get a great reaction from the kids at Thanksgiving! This what you need list: Work surface… Read More How to Make Easy No-Bake Pumpkin Cheesecake Bars November 10, 2023 by Sydney Leave a Comment As fall time rolls around the corner so do fall time favorites such as pumpkin lattes, pumpkin pie, and pumpkin bread. When it comes to this time of the year you start to see pumpkin everything. (And yes, even pumpkin spice pringles). The popular pumpkin flavor compliments many spices including cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and allspice,… Read More Easy Pumpkin Cupcake Toppers November 4, 2023 by Rose Leave a Comment Just in time for Fall and Thanksgiving, today I’m going to share with you how to make super Easy Pumpkin Cupcake Toppers! These can be made so quickly and they will dress up cupcakes for any and all fall parties! This cupcake topper can be made with 2 ingredients and a few simple tools… Read More Go to page 1 Go to page 2 Go to page 3 Interim pages omitted … Go to page 99 Go to Next Page » Primary SidebarSearch Recipes on Cake Journal: Search About Us Kristen is the author of Cake Journal and a graduate of the Professional Baking program at Renton Technical College. She has worked as a pastry chef at a top Seattle restaurant and loves sharing her passion for baking amazing cakes on this site. Contact Me Privacy Policy As Seen On: Follow Us on Pinterest Follow Us on Facebook Copyright © 2024 · Cake Journal