All About Jazz Music, Musicians, Bands & Albums All About Jazz Essentials Album Reviews Articles Born Today Contest Giveaways Musicians Similar Artists Song of the Day + More... EXPLORE SEARCH Sign In Up Donate Your gateway to jazz music & culture Featured Which jazz records in your collection are most sentimental to you and why? By Michael Ricci | The Big Question February 29, 2024 An old friend alerted me to a Reddit discussion entitled "Which records in your collection are most sentimental to you and why?" and I thought we should repurpose (ok, steal) it for... Featured Why Is Jazz A Big Deal Everywhere… Except In The US? By Chris May | The Big Question February 20, 2024 Dateline: London, February 20, 2024. A bewildered friend in Los Angeles asks: Why is jazz so under-appreciated in the United States when it is revered everywhere else? Featured The Jazz Photographer: Philip Arneill By B.D. Lenz | Chats with Cats February 14, 2024 I always find it fascinating when art forms collide. In this case, photography and music. Of course, each has their commonalities but they also have their differences. And, when an artist of one medium can intersect with another medium, their perspective is... Featured Eddie Henderson: Everything Changes By Ian Patterson | Touchstone Album Picks February 8, 2024 Eddie Henderson made his name in Herbie Hancock's Mwandishi band in the early 1970s, at the dawn of jazz- fusion—a new frontier. It was undoubtedly a launching pad that saw the New York-born trumpeter go on to play with Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers, Elvin Jones, Archie Shepp, Pharoah Sanders and McCoy Tyner. Featured Muriel Grossmann Explores A Musical Universe of Boundless Possibility By Dave Kaufman | Jazz Raconteurs February 6, 2024 Muriel Grossmann, a talented alto, tenor, soprano saxophonist and composer, was born in France and grew up in Vienna. She has lived in Ibiza, Spain, since 2004. Today Reassessing The Time Is Now! by Joshua Weiner Live Review Irakere 50 at SFJAZZ Center by Harry S. Pariser Reassessing Shelly Manne and His Men at the Black Hawk 1 by Richard J Salvucci Song of the Day Parachute by Lawrence Fields Born Today Ralph Alessi March 5 Album Reviews É Pra Jazz Henrique Mota Trio The Other Side Peter DiCarlo Being Human Lynne Arriale Being Chris Rottmayer Articles Reassessing Shelly Manne and His Men at the Black Hawk 1 by Richard J Salvucci Live Review The Trio with Henry Threadgill, Vijay Iyer and Dafnis Prieto... by Paul Reynolds Rising Stars Introducing Saxophonist Olivia Hughart by Sanford Josephson In Pictures David Ambrosio's Civil Disobedience at The Roads Bistro by Mark Robbins Radio & Podcasts THE JAZZ CONTINUUM Out to Lunch Tribute, Nancy Wilson, Ella Fitzgerald with David Brown MONDO JAZZ Ana Carla Maza, Ghost Funk Orchestra, Rosa Brunello,... with Ludovico Granvassu ONE MAN'S JAZZ James Brandon Lewis, Federico Ughi, Matthew Shipp &... with Maurice Hogue Tune in daily to hear the internet's top jazz programs including Mondo Jazz, Jazz Bastard, World of Jazz, The Third Story, One Man's Jazz, The Outer View, Neon Jazz, A Broad Spectrum, Bitches Brew and more View by program... A Broad Spectrum Backstage Jazz Bitches Brew Currents Gifts & Messages Jazz & Juice Jazz at 100 Jazz Backstory Jazz Bastard Liner Notes Mondo Jazz Neon Jazz One Man's Jazz Spotlight On Talk About Jazz The Jazz Continuum The Outer View The Third Story Tom Scott's Podcast Express Turntable For One World of Jazz Go Program Schedule | JazzWeek Chart Engage Contest Giveaways Enter our latest contest giveaway sponsored by Calligram Records Sign in to enter Polls & Surveys Vote for your favorite musicians and participate in our brief surveys. All Polls | All Surveys Publisher's Desk Staff News Including Album Tips Read on... More Posts | Latest Newsletter Musicians Art Boffi guitar Jorge Cariglino guitar Orlando Madrid saxophone, alto ////bc Todd Sickafoose bass, acoustic ////bc Get featured—learn how here News Festival Guitar Masters Festival Set To Rock New York City April 25-29, 2024 Charles Carlini Presents Recording Adamo Delivers Lyrics In A Style That Would Make Soul Train’s Don Cornelius Smile All About Jazz Crowdfunding Campaign Join Ines Velasco's Big Band Journey - 'A Flash Of Cobalt Blue' Ines Velasco Event Elysium Furnace Works' 2024 Season Begins With Joe McPhee With Strings On March 16, 8 PM In... James Keepnews Recording Markus Reuter & Stefano Castagna To Release New Collaborative Album 'Sea Of Hopeless Angels' Glass Onyon PR - William James Performance / Tour Gene Pritsker's Sound Liberation Feat. Lara St. John At Joe's Pub Saturday, March 9, 2024 Robert C. Ford Recording Mark Watkins Enhances His Celebrated Saxophone Quartet With 'Four + Six,' To Be Released March 29 On... Terri Hinte Publicity Performance / Tour Tap Dance On Vinyl - Jazz Visionary Petra Haller’s Announces 'Shoulders I Stand On' Vinyl Release... Petra Haller Born Today Ralph Alessi March 5 Also born on this day Bobby Shew March 4 Also born on this day Jimmy Garrison March 3 Also born on this day Discover who was born today with our Born Today list page or our Birthday calendar page. If you're a musician, add your birth month and day along with your photo to your musician page, and we'll include you too. Join the celebration and embed Jazz Birthday content on your website or blog. Learn more. Song of the Day Parachute Lawrence Fields Skunk Funk Chris Mondak Penelope's Peril Paul Kendall Green Shoots Matt Anderson Get more of a good thing! Our weekly newsletter highlights our top stories, our special offers, and upcoming jazz events near you. SIGN ME UP! Connect About Us Our Staff Write For Us More Access Newsletter Content Plug-Ins RSS Feeds For Musicians Primer Toolkit Options Advertise Rates and Options Place Order Privacy Policy | We do not sell or share your personal information © 2024 All About Jazz & Jazz Near You. All rights reserved. × Join Our Community / Welcome Back! Member? Sign in Join Email address Password Reset your passwordClick the eye to show your password Sign in This is a jazz music website—spammers will be deleted. Membership has its privileges. Learn more. First name and Last name First name only Email address It will remain private Password Enter 6+ characters and enter it twice Free Weekly Newsletter Timely jazz news & events guide Verification check Submit Email address Reset Password Now × One moment, you will be redirected shortly. × Welcome to All About Jazz! We sent a confirmation message to . Look for it, then click the link to activate your account. If you don’t see the email in your inbox, check your spam, bulk or promotions folder. Thanks for joining the All About Jazz community! × Explore All About Jazz & Jazz Near You Home Jazz Albums Album Reviews Articles Jazz Musicians Jazz News Contest Giveaways Jazz Pictures Polls Radio & Podcasts Song of the Day Video of the Day Home About Concerts Livestreams Venue / Clubs Directory Venue Finder Musician Finder Teacher Finder Events By City Weekly Newsletter Welcome! Getting Started Advertise Search Staff Help Wanted FAQ Contact Us Our weekly newsletter highlights our top stories and includes a local jazz events calendar. SIGN ME UP! ×