Clay Maths Institute - Clay Mathematics Institute Search Clay Mathematics Institute Search Clay Mathematics Institute About About About History Principal Activities Who’s Who CMI Logo Policies Programs & Awards Programs & Awards Programs & Awards Funded programs Fellowship Nominations Clay Research Award Dissemination Award People The Millennium Prize Problems The Millennium Prize Problems The Millennium Prize Problems Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer Conjecture Hodge Conjecture Navier-Stokes Equation P vs NP Poincaré Conjecture Riemann Hypothesis Yang-Mills & The Mass Gap Rules for the Millennium Prize Problems Online resources Online resources Online resources Books Video Library Lecture notes Collections Collections Collections Euclid’s Elements Ada Lovelace’s Mathematical Papers Collected Works of James G. Arthur Klein Protokolle Notes of the talks at the I.M.Gelfand Seminar Quillen Notebooks Riemann’s 1859 Manuscript Events News 2024 Clay Research Conference and Workshops The 2024 Clay Research Conference will be held on Wednesday, 2 October. Associated workshops will be held during the week of the conference, 30 September-4 October. Read more Call for Proposals CMI invites proposals under the Enhancement and Partnership Program for fiscal year 2025 (1 October 2024-30 September 2025) and later. The principal aim of the program is to enhance activities that are already planned and financially viable. Read more Call for Nominations The Clay Mathematics Institute (CMI) calls for nominations for its competition for the 2025 Clay Research Fellowships. Read more The Clay Mathematics Institute is a global organisation dedicated to furthering the beauty, power and universality of mathematical thought. Read more The Millennium problems See all Poincaré Conjecture In 1904 the French mathematician Henri Poincaré asked if the three dimensional sphere is characterized as the unique simply connected three manifold. This question, the Poincaré conjecture, was a special case of Thurston’s geometrization conjecture. Perelman’s proof tells us that every three manifold is built from a set of standard pieces, each with one of eight well-understood geometries. Riemann Hypothesis The prime number theorem determines the average distribution of the primes. The Riemann hypothesis tells us about the deviation from the average. Formulated in Riemann’s 1859 paper, it asserts that all the ‘non-obvious’ zeros of the zeta function are complex numbers with real part 1/2. Yang-Mills & The Mass Gap Experiment and computer simulations suggest the existence of a “mass gap” in the solution to the quantum versions of the Yang-Mills equations. But no proof of this property is known. See all Upcoming events See all events 22 - 26 July 2024 AGGITaTE 2024 University of Essex Read more 30 September - 18 October 2024 Random Tensors and Related Topics Institut Henri Poincaré Read more 10 - 12 May 2024 From Microlocal to Global Analysis @ MIT Massachusetts Institute of Technology Read more 9 - 13 September 2024 UK Workshop on Spectral Theory ICMS Edinburgh Read more See all events Latest news See all news 24 January 2024 2024 Clay Research Fellows The Clay Mathematics Institute is pleased to announce that Ishan Levy and Mehtaab Sawhney have been awarded Clay Research Fellowships. Ishan Levy will receive his PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2024, under the supervision of Michael Hopkins. Ishan has been appointed as a Clay Research Fellow for five years beginning 1 July 2024. Mehtaab […] Read more See all news Privacy Policy Contact CMI © 2024 Clay Mathematics Institute Site by One