InternetNews: Software & Networking News for IT Professionals News IT Management Software Communications Security Storage Developer Finance Marketing Networking Enterprise Small Business Reviews Podcasts Blog Research Archive Search FacebookTwitter Search News IT Management Software Communications Security Storage Developer Finance Marketing Networking Enterprise Small Business Reviews Podcasts Blog Research Archive Insteon’s Surprise Failure Highlights the Problems with Smart Home TechRob Enderle - April 22, 2022This week, Insteon joined a growing number of failed Smart Home companies that died ignoble deaths. In this latest case there was little or... Networking News Around the Web Communications Does Meta Have a Death Wish? Rob Enderle - April 14, 2022 0 There are times when I’m convinced that Meta (formerly known as Facebook) has a death wish. The reasons include uneven moderation, large numbers of scam... Enterprise U.S. Needs to Protect Tech Leadership: Qualcomm Rob Enderle - April 8, 2022 0 This week, Qualcomm held an event in Washington, D.C. to raise concerns about intellectual property creation, control and protection - and specifically against the... Communications HP Buys Poly and Moves to Dominate Desktop Communications Rob Enderle - March 31, 2022 0 HP has been making some interesting moves of late. The latest, to acquire Poly, is one of the most interesting, because unlike HP's more... Communications Ossia’s Wireless Power: The Most Revolutionary Technology You’ve Never Heard Of Rob Enderle - March 25, 2022 0 Ossia is a fascinating company and technology. What Ossia sells is a wireless power solution that, unlike the inductive wireless technology currently being used... Top Stories Insteon’s Surprise Failure Highlights the Problems with Smart... Networking Rob Enderle - April 22, 2022 This week, Insteon joined a growing number of failed Smart Home companies that died ignoble deaths. In this latest case there was little or no warning, they just shut... Does Meta Have a Death Wish? Communications Rob Enderle - April 14, 2022 There are times when I’m convinced that Meta (formerly known as Facebook) has a death wish. The reasons include uneven moderation, large numbers of scam ads, a corporate structure that... U.S. Needs to Protect Tech Leadership: Qualcomm Enterprise Rob Enderle - April 8, 2022 This week, Qualcomm held an event in Washington, D.C. to raise concerns about intellectual property creation, control and protection - and specifically against the... Best Internet Security Software News Devin Partida - March 23, 2022 After more than a year of high-profile cyber attacks and now the threat of cyber war, businesses and even consumers are taking cybersecurity seriously. Regardless... Wyebot: The Increasingly Automated Solution for Wireless Networking Communications Rob Enderle - March 11, 2022 We live in a wireless world, yet it often seems like the technology to manage that world lags significantly behind what we need to... Bigger Threats Put AMD-Intel Competition on Back Burner Enterprise Rob Enderle - February 18, 2022 Earlier this month, Pat Gelsinger, considered by many the most qualified CEO Intel has had since Andy Grove, made a provocative statement when asked... Security News News Best Internet Security Software Devin Partida - March 23, 2022 After more than a year of high-profile cyber attacks and now the threat of cyber war, businesses and even... News HP Wolf Security Report Shows Threat Landscape Getting Scarier Rob Enderle - October 15, 2021 When it comes to securing PCs and Printers, HP is the most advanced of hardware vendors. This advantage is... Blog Microsoft Gets Rid Of Passwords: I Can Almost Hear Angels Singing Rob Enderle - September 17, 2021 Microsoft announced this week that the company is moving away from passwords. This move may seem sudden, but I... IT Management News Enterprise U.S. Needs to Protect Tech Leadership: Qualcomm Rob Enderle - April 8, 2022 This week, Qualcomm held an event in Washington, D.C. to raise concerns about intellectual property creation, control and protection... Communications HP’s ExtendXR Service Gets an Early Lead on a Looming Metaverse Problem Rob Enderle - March 5, 2022 When it comes to technological breakthroughs, we're often well into the deployment of the new technology before anyone figures... IT Management Cisco’s Purpose Is to Improve the World. Imagine if Others Followed. Rob Enderle - December 17, 2021 Cisco has changed the name of its Corporate Social Responsibility Impact Report to the Purpose Report. The change highlights... Get the Free Newsletter! Subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe to Daily Tech Insider for top news, trends & analysis Email Address By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Subscribe Top Blogs Blog Facebook Becomes Meta, But Did It Move Too Soon? Rob Enderle - October 29, 2021 0 When the Internet effectively launched with Netscape nearly three decades ago, several companies sprang up overnight and then crashed and burned in what we... Blog Microsoft Gets Rid Of Passwords: I Can Almost Hear Angels Singing Rob Enderle - September 17, 2021 0 Microsoft announced this week that the company is moving away from passwords. This move may seem sudden, but I was part of a study... Blog Why AMD Has Been So Successful: Mark Papermaster Rob Enderle - September 9, 2021 0 This week Mark Papermaster had a fireside chat with a few of us analysts on the topic of AMD's remarkable rise from the ashes... Blog Another Crazy Week in Cybersecurity Paul Shread - July 2, 2021 0 Ever since the SolarWinds hack in December, the pace of cybersecurity attacks seems to have picked up, but lately the revelations have been coming... InternetNews is a source of industry news and intelligence for IT professionals from all branches of the technology world. InternetNews focuses on helping professionals grow their knowledge base and authority in their field with the top news and trends in Software, IT Management, Networking & Communications, and Small Business. FacebookTwitter Advertisers Advertise with TechnologyAdvice on InternetNews and our other IT-focused platforms. Advertise with Us Menu Privacy Policy Terms About Contact Advertise California – Do Not Sell My Information Our Brands Privacy Policy Terms About Contact Advertise California – Do Not Sell My Information Property of TechnologyAdvice. © 2021 TechnologyAdvice. All Rights Reserved Advertiser Disclosure: Some of the products that appear on this site are from companies from which TechnologyAdvice receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site including, for example, the order in which they appear. TechnologyAdvice does not include all companies or all types of products available in the marketplace. ×