Stop Forum Spam Log in Create Account Donate FAQ Add Spam Data Search Forum Resources Downloads Mods & Plugins API Usage Contributors Statistics IP Aggregator Threats User Panel My Spammers Submission Stats API Keys Get API Key Removal Search Your favorite and most trusted "one stop shop" for the prevention of forum & blog spam, trusted by over 200,000 forums... All for free! Nothing beats free! 0 API queries to date 500 current API queries per second 0 Coffees consumed since starting What? What is Stop Forum Spam? Why? Why should I use Stop Forum Spam? How? How can I use Stop Forum Spam? Cost? How much does all the awesomeness cost? What? Stop Forum Spam is a free service that records reports of spam on forums, blogs and wikis to name a few. All these records are then made available to you search and view but most importantly, to access in an automated way to block suspected spammers before they can get in the front door. Everyone is familiar with more traditional "solve the word" systems to prevent abuse, Stop Forum Spam is a targeted and specialsed solution to help stop abuse of your website. Why? No one likes spam, either posted through their letter box, emailed to them, a phone call just as you sit down to dinner or posted onto your website, sites that you have invested a lot of time and money in. In simple terms, it is an annoyance that wastes your time, drives your users away and in many cases supports criminal activities. How? Install a plugin for your site and configure it the way that best suits you.... That's it! Once your plugin is configured and running then new user registrations (and other events if supported) will be checked against the lists we have, lists details known hostile and abusive addresses. If a match is found then your new member won't get their foot in the door and won't be able to start posting on your site. If you would rather do checking offline then we provide all our data as downloadable files. You can look at the ready to go plugins or the API documentation if you would like. There are a lot of downloadable files that provide a all the data we have in many different ways, and may well work with what you have in mind. Cost? Free! Yes, free* * but if you love us then you could donate Register Log In Close Remember Me Log In Reset password Close About StopForumSpam We provide details of those reported as spammers, those that persist in abusing forums and blogs with their scams, ripoffs, exploits and other annoyances. We provide these lists so that you don't have to endure the never ending job of having to moderate, filter and delete their rubbish. Contact Us GDPR Privacy License Legal & AuP US title code 47230 We Are Social Twitter Copyright © Stop Forum Spam. All rights reserved