The Week | All you need to know about everything that matters TheWeek The Week US EditionUSUK SUBSCRIBE & SAVE Less than $3 per week × Search Sign in View Profile Sign out The Explainer Talking Points The Week Recommends Newsletters Cartoons From the Magazine The Week Junior More Politics World News Business Health Science Food & Drink Travel Culture History Personal Finance Puzzles Photos All Categories Newsletter sign up Newsletter Evening Review Read All Editions Today's Big Question Haiti's mass jailbreak: What do gang leaders want? Haiti has declared a 72-hour state of emergency after armed gangs stormed the country's largest prison and freed up to 3,700 inmates this weekend. At least 12 people were killed during the jailbreak from the National Penitentiary in the capital, Port-au-Prince, where detainees included gang members ... Talking Points Chinese electric cars may be coming to spy on you The Biden administration is investigating whether Chinese electric cars and other internet-connected vehicles could pose a national security threat. Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo said these cars are like "smartphones on wheels." They "collect huge amounts of sensitive data on the drivers — person... Statistic of the day $406.36B: The combined net worth of five people at the wedding party for Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani's son. The wealthy guests included Microsoft founder Bill Gates, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Google CEO Sundar Pichai, and Indian billionaires Gautam Adani and Kumar Mangalam Birla. More than 1,20... QUOTE OF THE DAY "For present purposes, our differences are far less important than our unanimity: All nine justices agree on the outcome of this case. That is the message Americans should take home." U.S. Supreme Court justices in their ruling that Trump could not be kicked off the Colorado ballot because of his actions leading up to the Jan. 6 Capitol riot The Explainer The biggest corporate greenwashing fines With the public increasingly concerned about environmental issues, some companies have made their products and production processes greener. However, other corporations have engaged in greenwashing — they have made an "unsubstantiated claim to deceive consumers into believing that a company's produc... READ ALL EDITIONS Daily News Digest The Week Every day of the week The Week Every day of the week New from The Week, get the antidote to news overload – a snapshot of what’s happening today and why. More than a million people turn to The Week for news they can trust, online and in the magazine. Now you can join them by signing up for concise, twice-daily news digests curated by our editors. Distilled from dozens of the world’s most trusted news sources, each update delivers the clarity and perspective you need to make up your own mind. Make sense of the news wherever you are, whenever you like – online, in your app or by email.(Image credit: Future)Find out more Recent editions Morning Report Israel's power players Sunday Shortlist The majesty and misery of Dune: Part Two Saturday Wrap A grim anniversary in Ukraine VIEW ALL Editor's choice Romantasies are steaming up the publishing world In the Spotlight The pros and cons of virtual reality Pros and cons KEEP READING Sign up for Today's Best Articles in your inboxA free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.comContact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Today's Big Question Haiti's mass jailbreak: what do gang leaders want? Today's Big Question Gangs hope violence will bring down Prime Minister Ariel Henry amid a growing security and economic 'nightmare' Today's Big Question VIEW ALL The Explainer How the Red Sea conflict could wreak havoc on the world's internet infrastructure The Explainer Houthi rebels in the region have reportedly been targeting underwater cables The Explainer What happens next if you receive student loan forgiveness? the explainer Four things to be on the lookout for the explainer The 5 biggest corporate greenwashing fines The Explainer Pretending to be green can be expensive The Explainer The birth of the weekend: how workers won two days off The Explainer Since the 1960s, there has been talk of a four-day-week, and post-pandemic work patterns have strengthened those calls The Explainer Talking Points Chinese electric cars may be coming to spy on you Talking Points The Biden administration investigates Chinese electric cars as a potential economic and national security threat Talking Points Is this the end of the big night out? Talking Point Bar closures and Gen Z teetotallers threaten 'extinction' for 'messy nights on the town' Talking Point Can Beyoncé save country music's reputation? Talking Point First black woman to top the Billboard country charts could finally break down the genre's racist stereotype Talking Point The Week Recommends Best story museums for families to celebrate World Book Day The Week Recommends Five high-end watches that tell a story: from Cartier to Bulgari The Week Recommends Under the Radar Chimpanzees are dying of human diseases Under the radar Great apes are vulnerable to human pathogens thanks to genetic similarity, increased contact and no immunity Under the radar Wendy's dynamic pricing change could upend the fast food industry Under the Radar But the fast food chain will not be implementing the change in the typical manner Under the Radar Russia's 'grey zone' tactics in Finland’s snowy forests Under the radar Tensions have risen between the two countries ever since Finland applied to join Nato last May Under the radar Speed Reads Iowa's Caitlin Clark breaks NCAA scoring record speed read College basketball star Caitlin Clark set the new record in Iowa's defeat of Ohio State speed read Haley snaps Trump's streak with DC primary win speed read Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley won Washington, D.C.'s Republican primary speed read Is Netanyahu losing his grip? speed read Israeli Cabinet minister Benny Gantz traveled to meet Kamala Harris without authorization from his political rival, Netanyahu speed read Immigration helped the US economy outpace peers speed read The U.S. economy grew at an annualized rate of 3.2% last quarter speed read More From The Week Christian Horner and the Red Bull saga that refuses to go away Why everyone's talking about 'Too dizzy-making' even for the 'merry-go-round world of F1' By The Week UK Published 5 March 24 Why everyone's talking about The Atlantic Ocean may start shrinking In the spotlight The motion of the ocean could be closing By Devika Rao, The Week US Published 5 March 24 In the spotlight Raye: the artist celebrating a record win at the Brits Why Everyone's Talking About The rise of the south London singer-songwriter from Brit School dropout to 'all-conquering success' By Adrienne Wyper, The Week UK Published 4 March 24 Why Everyone's Talking About What is life like in Gaza now? In depth Despite starvation, a sanitation crisis, blackouts and boredom, the 'mundane drumbeat of life continues' By Elliott Goat, The Week UK Last updated 4 March 24 In depth 'Unsolved deaths befall Russians' Today's Newspapers A roundup of the headlines from the US front pages By The Week Staff Published 4 March 24 Today's Newspapers The Red Army Faction: German fugitive arrested after decades on run Why Everyone's Talking About Police reward and TV appeal leads to capture of Daniela Klette, now 65 By The Week UK Published 4 March 24 Why Everyone's Talking About Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:UK TheWeek About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise With Us The Week is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.