Civic Pass | trust, control and safety for digital identity Docs About News GET A PASS menu for digital identity Civic provides tokenized identity, built for the future CIVIC FOR BUSINESS 800 k+ Civic Passes issued 0 + Projects served of bots blocked 865 k+ Civic Passesissued 570 + Projectsserved of bots blocked KYC made easy Weed out bots and bad actors Protect your user's privacy Meet your KYC needs by verifying: CAPTCHA Liveness Uniqueness ID Verification KYC made easy​ What people are saying about us “Civic helps enhance Polygon's ecosystem security and contributes to its growth and success on our scalable, secure and blazing fast L2." -Otto Mora, Tech Sales Americas lead for Polygon ID “Civic has been a fantastic partner, delivering cost-effective, user-friendly Proof of Personhood services to our users. We’ve enjoyed working closely with their team to combat Sybil threats to the ecosystem." -Jeremy Dillingham, Passport Product & Workstream Lead, Gitcoin “We’re helping DAOs foster more open and vibrant communities and encouraging active user participation. We’re proud to partner with Civic and use their SDK to shape the future of community engagement.” - Sebastian Bor, Solana Labs Trusted by Find the civic pass for your business Use Civic Pass to verify and tokenize aspects of a member's real-world identity. Let users in your dApp by defining access requirements such as age, location, humanity and more. Sybil and AI resistance for Online Communities Requires a live video selfie from the user that will be matched to their corresponding wallet. Checks for: Uniqueness. A unique human behind every wallet. Continuity. The same human behind the same wallet. Sybil and AI resistance for Access Control Compliance for Real World Assets (RWAs) Use Civic’s enhanced identity verification as an input to your compliance program. Users must fulfill access or KYC criteria prior to accessing your dApp or service: Document verification and data extraction Live facial comparison to identity document Email ownership IP check for excluded or OFAC-sanctioned countries Sanctions check Document coverage for nearly 200 countries Hit the ground running Integrate Civic Pass in minutes, all while giving your users a speedy onboarding experience that they'll love. 0 % User satisfaction 0 Low-code A few lines of code to integrate < 2 mins For document verification Multichain and multiwallet Seamless integration for your dApp. Your users spend minimal time undergoing verification, allowing them to get back to what’s important. Unrivaled protection Keeping your information safe is our top priority. To do this, we leverage advanced strategies, including blockchain, encryption, and strong data protection policies. GDPR Compliant Strategic Partner Hacken Audited Standards Compliant FAQs What is Civic Pass? A Civic Pass is a non-transferrable token that represents a user’s identity and lives in their wallet.Civic Pass serves as the gatekeeper for your dApp, allowing for access control based on requirements such as age, location, humanity and more. Why should I use Civic Pass for my dApp? Because Civic Passes are tied to users’ wallets and non-transferable, checking for the presence of a pass ensures that only the right users can gain access to your dApp. How much do verifications cost? See our verification costs here. Get in touch Join the community For developers CIVIC DOCS Talk to us GET IN TOUCH BACK TO TOP About News Docs Legal Disclosures Security Bounty Program Press Kit Brand Guidelines Supported Documents Help Center Supported Chains ©2024 Civic Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved.