We are London’s Leading Harley Street Pain Consultants X Treatments Brochure (it's free) All you need to know about how we treat back, nerve, head & face, groin pain and more, in a concise 20 page brochure. * We keep your email address private.[email-download download_id="3724" contact_form_id="1613"] 020 7118 0250 info@londonpainclinic.com Home Our Services Spine Pain Neck Pain Back Pain Nerve Pain Head and Face Pain Body Pain Groin Pain Gynaecological Pain Musculoskeletal Pain Shoulder Pain Hip Pain Knee Pain Fibromyalgia Headaches and Head Pain Cluster Headaches Migraine Headaches Tension Headaches Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Therapy Useful Patient Information Appointments Investigations and Referrals Coming Into Hospital Outpatient Clinic Medication/Prescriptions Pain Resources Treatment Fees Frequently Asked Questions About Us Medical Team Dr Attam Singh Dr Chris Jenner Dr Ivan Ramos-Galvez Dr Lorraine Harrington Dr. Mona Mubarak Clinic Management and Support Team Multidisciplinary Team London Pain Clinic in the Media Fees Appointment Fees Investigations and Referrals Treatment Fees Articles Published Books Testimonials Patient Portal Contact us Online Booking Harley Street, London One Hatfield Hospital Online Booking Home Our Services Spine Pain Neck Pain Back Pain Nerve Pain Head and Face Pain Body Pain Groin Pain Gynaecological Pain Musculoskeletal Pain Shoulder Pain Hip Pain Knee Pain Fibromyalgia Headaches and Head Pain Cluster Headaches Migraine Headaches Tension Headaches Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Therapy Useful Patient Information Appointments Investigations and Referrals Coming Into Hospital Outpatient Clinic Medication/Prescriptions Pain Resources Treatment Fees Frequently Asked Questions About Us Medical Team Dr Attam Singh Dr Chris Jenner Dr Ivan Ramos-Galvez Dr Lorraine Harrington Dr. Mona Mubarak Clinic Management and Support Team Multidisciplinary Team London Pain Clinic in the Media Fees Appointment Fees Investigations and Referrals Treatment Fees Articles Published Books Testimonials Patient Portal Contact us Online Booking Harley Street, London One Hatfield Hospital Online Booking In person and remote consultations now available at the London Pain Clinic The assessment and treatment of pain is the specialism of our Consultants in Pain Medicine. Our Pain Specialists can help diagnose your pain remotely and get you on the road to recovery. We are able to offer a wide range of pharmacological treatments, topical and oral medications. We offer minimally invasive pain management procedures. Medications delivered directly to your door. Referrals for Imaging and Pathology available . Book your remote consult now Book Online Now Book Online Now London’s leading Consultants in Pain Medicine At the London Pain Clinic our specialism is in creating individually tailored treatment plans to beat pain as quickly as possible. We are proud to work with the most advanced diagnostic tools and leave no stone unturned. Your evaluation process with us may include CT Scans, MRI scans, X-Rays, a full medical history – in short, whatever it takes to get to the root of your symptoms. Once we have established the cause of your pain, we can offer a wide range of interventions to tackle it. Get in touch Download Brochure We treat the following types of painLondon’s leading Harley Street pain consultants deal with multiple complaints and will get you feeling back to normal Neck PainIf you’ve been suffering from chronic neck pain you’ll know how frustrating it can be. Aside from often extreme discomfort, sufferers are often misdiagnosed and left wondering if the problem... Read more Back PainBack pain can be debilitating and prevent you from enjoying normal activities. If left untreated, back pain can have an enormous adverse effect on your quality of life and lead to frustration... Read more Nerve PainNerve pain or neuropathic pain can be debilitating for the sufferer. It is the result of damage and/or dysfunction to parts of the sensory nervous system. Nerve pain can be caused... Read more Head & Face PainIt is common for people to suffer from occasional head pain, including headaches or face pain from a sinus infection. However, it is less common for people to suffer from ongoing severe bouts of head and face pain or craniofacial pain... Read more FibromyalgiaThe widespread pain and fatigue that comes with having fibromyalgia can be debilitating. It can leave otherwise healthy people without a way to cope with their daily lives. At the London Pain Clinic we are familiar with the all over body pain, severe fatigue... Read more Musculoskeletal PainMusculoskeletal pain can have an enormous adverse effect on your quality of life, along with significant pain. Simple day to day activities such as walking, gardening or even getting up from your chair can be become difficult or even excruciatingly painful... Read more We Understand Your Painand know that successful intervention begins with thorough assessment and accurate diagnosis.Leading pain specialist Dr Chris Jenner champions individual treatment plans for the treatment of a number of painful conditions including: neck pain, back pain, fibromyalgia, musculoskeletal pain, head and face pain. Get in touch His manner is very welcoming and down to earth and I found him very easy to talk to. I had done a lot of research into the condition and he welcomed the information openly. I felt very included in the pain management approach he recommended.Diagnosed with a rare, degenerative spinal injury | LMRead more Dr Jenner and his team changed that for me and I am now after 9 years finally living again and starting work for the first time in years. Thank you from the bottom of my heart to The London Pain Clinic team for giving me back my life. I am eternally grateful. Thank you from the bottom of my heart to The London Pain Clinic team for giving me back my life. | S.H.PRead more I have never looked back. From first meeting Dr Jenner I felt immediately that he knew what he was talking about. Fibromyalgia was taking it’s toll on my life | Read more Here at the London Pain Clinic we understand all these factors – and we account for them every single day in our practice. Home to several of the UK’s most respected Pain Medicine Consultants, the London Pain Clinic is the one-stop practice for patients suffering from chronic pain. With numerous years’ experience in successfully treating over 90 chronic pain conditions, our experts can employ any one of a number of specialist interventions – from analgesic medications to nerve root injections and physiotherapy. Whether your pain is musculoskeletal, neuropathic or any other, we can help. Our philosophy is rigorous patient assessment followed by the implementation of uniquely-tailored, individually specific treatment plans to get you back to your best – fast. Get in touch Recent Articles What Are Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Injections? 04 Mar 2024 What Are the Symptoms of a Migraine Headache? 28 Feb 2024 How to Relieve Tension Headaches? 19 Feb 2024 Why Am I Getting Headaches Everyday? 12 Feb 2024 Contacting us You can contact us by phone or email: 020 7118 0250 info@londonpainclinic.com Copyright London Pain Clinic © 2017. Website Design by Newera Internet Contact us Testimonials Frequently Asked Questions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer