David Chalmers skip to Main Content David Chalmers Home About Bio Contact CV Site History Site Map Books Reality+ The Conscious Mind The Character of Consciousness Constructing the World Philosophy of Mind: Classical and Contemporary Readings Metametaphysics Explaining Consciousness: The Hard Problem Papers All Papers by Date AI and computation Consciousness Epistemology and Decision Theory Meaning and Content Metaphysics and Modality Metaphilosophy Very Old Papers Presentations Multimedia Photo Gallery Press Text Interviews Video: Conversations Video: Documentaries Video: Interviews Video: Lectures Video: Performance Resources Australasian Philosophy Family Tree Guide to the Philosophy of Mind Guidelines for Respectful Discussion Philosophical Humor Philosophical Weblogs Zombies on the Web Activities Blog Events Organizations Students and Postdocs Teaching Search Open Mobile Menu Search Submit I am a philosopher at New York University. Officially I am University Professor of Philosophy and Neural Science and co-director of the Center for Mind, Brain, and Consciousness. I’m also Honorary Professor of Philosophy at the Australian National University and co-director of the PhilPapers Foundation. I am interested in the philosophy of mind (especially consciousness) and the foundations of cognitive science, physics, and technology, as well as the philosophy of language, metaphysics and epistemology, and many other areas. This site includes quite a bit of my own work, including all of my articles and information on my books. It also includes various resources I’ve put together over the years, along with a photo gallery and some videos. You can navigate via the menus in the header or the site map. Some newer items are listed in the box below. Reality+: Virtual Worlds and the Problems of Philosophy was published by W.W. Norton (US) and Allen Lane (UK) on January 25, 2022. Here’s an excerpt. More information is here. New papers: Inferentialism, Australian style Interpretivism and inferentialism Consciousness and the Collapse of the Wave Function (with Kelvin McQueen) Is the Hard Problem of Consciousness Universal? How can We Solve the Meta-Problem of Consciousness? Debunking Arguments for Illusionism about Consciousness The Virtual as the Digital Spatiotemporal Functionalism v. The Conceivability of Zombies Finding Space in a Nonspatial World Carnap’s Second Aufbau and David Lewis’s Aufbau What is Conceptual Engineering and What Should it Be? The Meta-Problem of Consciousness Recent events, videos, etc.: Consciousness and the Collapse of the Wave Function (Talks@Fermilab, March 2020; also two 2021 versions) The Nature and Ethics of Consciousness (5-hour audio interview with 80,000 hours, October 2019) Zeno Goes to Copenhagen (talk at TSC 2019, with bonus conversation with René Descartes starting around 1:03) Conversation with Dan Dennett: Possible Minds and Superintelligence (Pioneerworks, March 2019) The Meta-Problem of Consciousness (Talks@Google, February 2019; also 2020 Indiana version) What is Conceptual Engineering and What Should it Be? (NYU, September 2018) Sensual (rationalist/empiricist music video by Dorian Electra and the Electrodes) The Virtual and the Real (lecture version; see also midnight version) Reverse Debate on Consciousness (debate with Carlo Rovelli) Conversation with Tom Stoppard (on The Hard Problem) Tucson 1994 talk on the Hard Problem (recently uncovered) Updated resources: Australasian Philosophy Family Tree Photo Gallery David Chalmers 2017 Home About Bio Contact CV Site History Site Map Books Reality+ The Conscious Mind The Character of Consciousness Constructing the World Philosophy of Mind: Classical and Contemporary Readings Metametaphysics Explaining Consciousness: The Hard Problem Papers All Papers by Date AI and computation Consciousness Epistemology and Decision Theory Meaning and Content Metaphysics and Modality Metaphilosophy Very Old Papers Presentations Multimedia Photo Gallery Press Text Interviews Video: Conversations Video: Documentaries Video: Interviews Video: Lectures Video: Performance Resources Australasian Philosophy Family Tree Guide to the Philosophy of Mind Guidelines for Respectful Discussion Philosophical Humor Philosophical Weblogs Zombies on the Web Activities Blog Events Organizations Students and Postdocs Teaching Back To Top