Trusted Reviews | Independent tech news and reviews Menu Trusted Reviews Unbiased and independent advice on what to buy Find a review Search Type to search Press enter or click on the search icon Reviews Mobile Reviews Computing Reviews Laptop Reviews Peripheral Reviews PC Component Reviews Desktop PC Reviews Monitor Reviews Router & Networking Reviews VPN TV and Audio Reviews Headphone Reviews Sound Bar Reviews Surround Sound System Reviews TV Reviews Gaming Reviews Home Appliance Reviews Vacuum Cleaner Reviews Smart Home Reviews Kitchen Gadget Reviews Coffee Machine Reviews Large appliance Reviews Camera Reviews Best Lists Mobile Bests Best Smartphone Best Mid-range Phones Best Cheap Phone Best Camera Phone Best Android Phone TVs Bests Best TV Best 4K TV Best Cheap TV Best OLED TV Best 8K TV Best Outdoor Projector Audio Bests Best Soundbar Best Dolby Atmos Soundbar Best Smart Speakers Best Headphones Best Noise-Cancelling Headphones Best Wireless Earbuds Computing Bests Best Laptop Best Student Laptop Best Chromebook Best Monitors Best Free Antivirus Gaming Bests Best Gaming CPU Best Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Monitor Best Gaming TV Best Gaming Mouse Home Appliances Bests Best Vacuum Best Hard Floor Cleaner Best food processor Cameras Bests News How to Opinions Explainers Versus Deals Discount Codes Win Reviews by Brand Mobile Phones Tablets Wearable & Fitness Computing PC Component Desktop PC VPN and Software Laptops Computing Peripherals Monitors Homes & Outdoors Sound Bars Television Headphones More At this price, the iPhone 13 is a steal Deals Jon Mundy Nothing Phone (2a) vs Nothing Phone (2): What's the difference? Versus Lewis Painter What is PlayStation Link? Sony's wireless audio tech explained Explainers Adam Speight Best Samsung Galaxy Deals for March 2024: Upgrade with a discount Deals Thomas Deehan Best Cheap Soundbar The Best List Kob Monney Microsoft Surface Pro 10: Everything we know so far Tech News Ryan Jones Apple MacBook Air M3 vs iPad Pro M2: Which is best for you? Versus Adam Speight Nothing Phone (2a) vs OnePlus 12R: What's the difference? Versus Jessica Gorringe Best iPhone Deals for March 2024: Unmissable Apple bargains Deals Thomas Deehan Best Outdoor speakers The Best List Kob Monney Apple has made a huge error with the MacBook Air M3 Opinion Ryan Jones Latest Reviews Nothing Phone (2a) The Nothing Phone 2a makes a strong first impression Hollyland Lark Max An affordable microphone for vlogging and podcasting Withings ScanWatch 2 The best hybrid smartwatch just got better Bartesian Cocktail Maker Professional cocktails made fast Top review categories Laptop (3287) Monitor (594) Peripheral (1826) Printer (1040) Software (1740) Why trust our reviews? Founded in 2003, Trusted Reviews exists to give our readers thorough, unbiased and independent advice on what to buy We never accept money to review anything. We make our money through affliliate links and advertising. Our expert team Many of the most experienced technology specialists in the UK, well known writers with many years’ expertise across mobile phone, computing, AV, photography and more. Our awards Proud to be nominated for a number of publishing industry awards in the last few years, including being shortlisted for Best Editorial Team by the PPA in 2017, Best Online Media Property by the AOP in 2018. and Best Online Brand by the AOP in 2022. Our reviews Our reviews are trusted by millions of users from around the world. We rigorously assess over 1000 products a year and we’ve become one of the largest review sites in the UK. Our expert team Many of the most experienced technology specialists in the UK, well known writers with many years’ expertise across mobile phone, computing, AV, photography and more. Our awards Proud to be nominated for a number of publishing industry awards in the last few years, including being shortlisted for Best Editorial Team by the PPA in 2017, Best Online Media Property by the AOP in 2018 and Best Online Brand by the AOP in 2022. Our reviews Our reviews are trusted by millions of users from around the world. We rigorously assess over 1000 products a year and we’ve become one of the largest review sites in the UK. Apple iPhone 15 Pro Mobile Lewis Painter Google Pixel 8 Pro Review: The AI Phone Google Max Parker Sign up for the Trusted Reviews Newsletter News, competitions and exclusive offers direct to your inbox. Sign up Terms and conditions Mac Mini M3 (2024): Everything we know so far Tech News Ryan Jones How to disable audio and video calls on Twitter/X How to Jessica Gorringe Nothing Phone (2a) vs Nothing Phone (1): What’s changed? Versus Hannah Davies Nothing Phone (2a) vs iPhone 15: How do they compare? Versus Hannah Davies Nothing Phone (2a) vs Nothing Phone (2): What's the difference? Versus Lewis Painter Content archive Content archive reviews 2003 - 2011 About us / contact us Editorial independence IPSO Editors' Code of Practice Privacy & cookie policy Advertising Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions Competitions Advertise with us Sustainable technology innovations Privacy 17,680 Products tested and reviewed since 2003 © Copyright TrustedReviews Limited, 44 Copperfield Street, London, SE10DY.