Befrienders Worldwide - Global Suicide Prevention Skip to the content Search Befrienders Worldwide SupportVolunteer action to prevent suicide Menu Home Find support now Need to talk? How to help yourself How to help others About us Are you a Seafarer? Search Search for: Close search English ArabicChinese (Simplified)FilipinoFrenchHindiJapaneseLithuanianPortugueseRussianSwahiliThaiUkrainianVietnameseZuluEnglish Close Menu Home Find support now Need to talk? How to help yourself How to help others About us Are you a Seafarer? We believe in giving a person the opportunity to explore feelings which can cause distress, the importance of being listened to, in confidence, anonymously, and without prejudice. About us Your closest help centre* Hotlinen Gaymai Call +84 96306 1414 5 days a week Wednesday to Sunday 1:00 pm to 8:30 pm Email More help centre details *based on your current location Search for a centre Find a centre Afghanistan Argentina Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Brazil Canada Cayman Islands China Cyprus Denmark Ecuador Estonia France Gibraltar Hong Kong Hungary India Ireland Italy Japan Kenya Kosovo Lebanon Lithuania Malaysia Mauritius Moldova, Republic of Morocco Nepal New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Singapore South Africa Spain Sri Lanka l-Isvezja Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Viet Nam Zimbabwe Malta Search Home We believe in giving a person the opportunity to explore feelings which can cause distress, the importance of being listened to, in confidence, anonymously, and without prejudice. About us Support the work of Befrienders Worldwide DONATE How to help yourself Need to talk? Many people find that talking about their feelings can help. If you’re feeling in distress or suicidal now and need to talk to someone, we’re here to listen. Read Suicidal Feelings Many people find that talking about their feelings can alleviate their distress. If you are feeling suicidal and you need someone to talk to, find a centre. Read View all articles How to help others Helping a Suicidal Friend or Relative Be quiet and listen! If someone is feeling depressed or suicidal, our first response is to try to help. We offer advice, share our own […] Read Listening Skills Showing that you are there for those in need and that you recognise they are going through a distressing time, can in itself be a comfort. Read View all articles How Befrienders Worldwide helps We have helped 1,200,000 people in the past 12 months We have supported people in 193 countries Our help centres aid people in 44 languages I’m a seafarer Are you finding life emotionally challenging now? Feeling frustrated and upset that you cannot do anything to help your situation, nobody wants to know? I need help Members Befrienders Worldwide is an international network of over 90 help centres spanning the globe. Our members provide emotional support to people who are suicidal or in distress. More info Do you want to contact Befrienders Worldwide? Send message Close --Please choose an option--Do you have an Emotional Problem?Could your Helpcentre become a Befrienders Worldwide member?Contact Befrienders Worldwide Office Your Name: Email Address: Message: Send Message Contact the Befrienders Worldwide member in your own country if there is one. Find a support centre If there are no Befrienders Worldwide members in your own country, click on the link below to find further help. Further Support Social Facebook Twitter Email Footer Menu About this app About Befrienders Worldwide Disclaimer Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Befrienders Worldwide is a charity registered in England and Wales no. 1146717. Incorporated in England and Wales in 2012 as a company limited by guarantee no. 07964782. ©2024 To the top ↑ Up ↑ Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimise our website. Functional cookies Functional cookies Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes All cookies Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent