Education Technology | Calculators | Texas Instruments Education Technology Sign Up for TI Emails » Products Graphing Calculators Computer Software TI-Nspire™ Technology TI-Innovator™ Technology Data Collection TI-Nspire™ Navigator™ Scientific Calculators Financial Calculators Basic and Elementary Downloads Guidebooks - All products Guidebooks - TI-84 Plus CE Guidebooks - TI-84 Plus CE Python Guidebooks - TI-Nspire™ Technology TI-84 Plus CE Apps and Updates TI-Nspire CX Updates All software, OS and Apps Activities All Classroom Activities 84 Activity Central Math Nspired Building Concepts in Mathematics TI Codes STEM Activities Science Nspired TI-Innovator Lessons Educators Math Resources Science Resources STEM Resources Test Preparation Financial Literacy Resources Computer Science Resources Professional Development Webinars Tutorials Customer Support Educator Support Programs IT Admin Support Knowledge Base Contact Us Where to Buy Site US and Canada Trusted by teachers, loved by students Home of the most popular graphing calculator for over 30 years. TI calculators and resources are built with the classroom in mind — to challenge and inspire students, not just get answers. That’s why TI is the most recommended brand by math teachers and used by millions of students each year. The calculators you want for exams TI graphing and scientific calculators are approved for use on most college entrance, high-stakes and state tests. A key to exam success is a calculator students know. Prepare for exam day Find the right calculator for you Take a look at the comparison charts to see what’s approved for exams, course listings and key features. Find your calculator More learning, less distraction No internet. No social media. No distractions to take them away from what’s happening in the classroom. Teachers worry less about cheating and focus more on student learning with TI graphing calculators. New hues for you The coolest calculators in the coolest colors. Find your color Did you know? We have online and computer versions of our most popular calculators. Tons of teacher resources We have hundreds of premade math activities to drop in everyday lesson plans for busy teachers. Explore math lessons » Not a math teacher? Choose your subject. STEM and Coding Science Computer Science One calculator for math, science and more A one-time investment in a TI graphing calculator provides a smart, cross-curricular solution that follows students from middle grades and high school to college. Are you a school or district leader? Contact your local TI representative to discuss the best solutions to meet your unique needs. Find my rep Professional development for teachers by teachers Enhance teaching practices and gain valuable skills using TI technology. Explore learning opportunities » What teachers are saying @Math_In_Action Math Curriculum Specialist from California “I love that [the TI-84 Plus CE] provides opportunities for students to feel excited about math, do ‘math’ and actually feel as if math means something in the real-world.” @gisellearissa High School Teacher from Nova Scotia “I’ve been using a TI-84 for over 12 years! It’s one of my life comforts at this point, no other calculator will do! I love showing student statistics on them! The sorting lists and making histograms are always hits!!” @MsRlovesMath Math Teacher from Virginia “I love how easy it is to use a TI and how easy it is to do regression (especially compared to the one my state uses for state testing).” BulleTIn Board Blog The Heartbeat of STEM Read more TI Codes Contest: Winning Tips for First-Timers Read more Helpful AP® Precalculus Resources Teachers Will Love Read more A Math Teacher's Guide to Valentine's Day Fun Read more Science Activities for Heart Health Month Read more Just the facts #1 brand of graphing calculator recommended by teachers in the U.S. 25 million students around the globe use a TI calculator. TI graphing calculators are accepted on more than 60 high-stakes exams worldwide. SAT® and AP® are trademarks registered by the College Board. ACT is a registered trademark of ACT, Inc. IB is a registered trademark owned by the International Baccalaureate Organization. None are affiliated with, nor endorse, TI products. Policies subject to change. Visit www.collegeboard.org, www.act.org and www.ibo.org. Products TI-84 Plus CE Technology TI-Nspire™ CX II Technology All Products Compare Calculators Where to Buy TI Connect™ CE Software Product Support Update TI-84 Plus CE Technology Update TI-Nspire™ Technology Downloads Guidebooks Self-Service Knowledge Base Product Tutorials Getting Started with TI Technology Which Calculator is Right for Me? Teacher Resources Math Science STEM Computer Science Financial Literacy Webinars T³™ International Conference Educator Support Programs IB® Diploma Programme Test Prep Calculus: TI In Focus Administrator Resources Professional Development Student Camps Funding and Research IT Admin Support Publisher Connections Lessons and Activities 84 Activity Central Math Nspired Science Nspired TI Codes Building Concepts Families of Functions STEM Projects Girl Scouts: Coding Badge Search Activities General Information About Us BulleTIn Board Blog News Center Partners in Student Success Recycle Calculators Contact Us © Copyright 1995-2024 Texas Instruments Incorporated. All rights reserved. TrademarksSoftware Data PolicyPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms of UseTerms of Sale & ServicesSupply Chain Transparency About UsNews CenterContact TI Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Pinterest bulletinboard TI websites use cookies to optimize site functionality and improve your experience. To find out more or to change your preferences, see our cookie policy page. Click Agree and Proceed to accept cookies and enter the site. Manage preferences Agree and Proceed Control your cookie preferences You can control your preferences for how we use cookies to collect and use information while you're on TI websites by adjusting the status of these categories. Category Description Allow Analytics and performance cookies These cookies, including cookies from Google Analytics, allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors on TI sites and see how visitors navigate our sites. This helps us improve the way TI sites work (for example, by making it easier for you to find information on the site). Advertising and marketing cookies These cookies enable interest-based advertising on TI sites and third-party websites using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites. Interest-based ads are displayed to you based on cookies linked to your online activities, such as viewing products on our sites. We may also share this information with third parties for these purposes. These cookies help us tailor advertisements to better match your interests, manage the frequency with which you see an advertisement, and understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Functional cookies These cookies help identify who you are and store your activity and account information in order to deliver enhanced functionality, including a more personalized and relevant experience on our sites. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all site features and services may not function properly. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of the site features and services may not function properly. Social media cookies These cookies allow identification of users and content connected to online social media, such as Facebook, Twitter and other social media platforms, and help TI improve its social media outreach. Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary for the operation of TI sites or to fulfill your requests (for example, to track what items you have placed into your cart on the TI.com, to access secure areas of the TI site, or to manage your configured cookie preferences). Always On Accept all Save and Close Close