Home | University of Nebraska Medical Center UNMC Nebraska Medicine Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni University of Nebraska Medical Center Menu About Us About Us Overview People Meet the Chancellor Jeffrey P. Gold, MD, University of Nebraska Medical Center chancellor, is advocate for transforming higher education, academic medicine and health care. Leadership UNMC leaders are creating a more vibrant academic health science center and a stronger economy for all Nebraskans. Diversity UNMC creates an environment of diversity, equity and inclusion for all our faculty, staff and students. Values & Vision UNMC, we work from core values to achieve our strategic goals and vision for transforming the health of Nebraska and beyond. Campus Our Campuses The University of Nebraska Medical Center has campuses across Nebraska, bonded through a shared culture and in real time, by distance-learning technology. Public Safety The UNMC Department of Public Safety works to provide a safe environment for those who work on, learn at and visit our campuses, as well as lost and found. Maps and Directions Maps and directions to the University of Nebraska Medical Center campuses. Fast Facts Find a quick overview of numbers and key information about UNMC. Outreach Community Engagement As the only public academic health science center in the state, so we embrace the responsibility to reach out across Nebraska and beyond. Statewide Impact UNMC's work extends to each region of Nebraska, as we bring the latest breakthroughs to all citizens, from the smallest communities to the largest cities. Educational Outreach UNMC's innovative educational engagement programs raise awareness as we help shape the future of health care and recruit the future health care workforce Healing Arts The Healing Arts program at UNMC and Nebraska Medicine aims to transform the health care experience by connecting people with the power of art. Additional Resources﻿ Strategic Planning The University of Nebraska Medical Center uses a strategic planning process to adjust strategies each year for achieving eight goals. Services and Resources Procurement processes for bids and vendors, the Central Scheduling Office and other services at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Accreditation UNMC has been continuously accredited by the Higher Learning Commission since 1913. Government Relations Find resources for following state and national proposals, advocating for UNMC and Joining the UNMC Delegates program. Education Education Overview Programs List of Programs UNMC offers the full range of academic health sciences programs through its 6 colleges, 2 degree-granting institutes and Graduate Studies. Residencies & Fellowships With a goal to educate physicians in a high quality environment, we offer nearly 70 residency and fellowship programs and train more than 600 house officers. Continuing Education UNMC continuing education is raising the skill level and knowledge among Nebraska's health care professionals, improving patient outcomes and community health. High School & Undergraduate Programs﻿ Our pathway programs for high school and undergraduate students offer the opportunity to work toward health care careers. Colleges & Departments Colleges & Institutes The University of Nebraska Medical Center offers six colleges, two degree-granting institutes and graduate studies. Academic Departments﻿ With nearly 40 academic departments UNMC and its experienced faculty are committed to training the best and brightest health care professionals. Library The modern and renovated Leon S. McGoogan Health Sciences Library offers light-filled spaces and deep information resources. Online Programs Our online certificate, bachelor's, master's or doctoral programs enable health care professionals to earn advanced degrees while continuing to work. Admissions Admissions & Financial Aid UNMC values well-rounded individuals, and our admissions team reviews your application carefully. We offer a variety of financial aid options. Life at UNMC There's more to life at UNMC than the academic experience. Whether you want to socialize, exercise or become a leader — we've got you covered. Academic Calendar Our calendar includes dates and events for our 6 colleges and Graduate Studies. Additional Resources Technology At UNMC, next-generation technology is moving students and faculty from the classroom to an experiential environment. Office of Academic Affairs The Office of Academic Affairs is responsible for enriching the academic experiences of students and faculty at UNMC. Life at UNMC There's more to life at UNMC than the academic experience. Whether you want to socialize, exercise or become a leader — we've got you covered. Catalog The catalog provides curricular requirements, course descriptions, policies and current information for the academic year. Research Research Overview Clinical Trials Learn about clinical trials, and how you can participate, through the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Nebraska Biobank The Nebraska Biobank is speeding research through the use of leftover blood samples from patients who choose to take part. Make a Gift Support the research conducted at UNMC to help those who have cancer, heart disease, Parkinson’s, Alzheimer's and other diseases. Distinguished Scientists UNMC's Distinguished Scientists are the best and brightest from all over the world, working to discover treatments and cures for life-threatening diseases Resources for Researchers The Office of Vice Chancellor for Research (VCR) provides resources for researchers. Patient Care Patient Care Overview Providers & Clinics UNMC faculty provide the best care for people from all over Nebraska, thanks to strong partnerships with hospitals and other clinical organizations. Consumer Health Information Our Health Sciences Library offers services to help Nebraska residents or patients receiving health care in Nebraska research health questions and topics. Clinical Trials Learn about clinical trials, and how you can participate, through the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Patient Privacy How medical information about you may be used and how to get access to this information. HIPAA at UNMC The privacy and security of health information is protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. News & Media News & Media Overview News News Archives University of Nebraska news archives Publications Connect magazine and UNMC Today display UNMC's global impact through writing, photography and design. Blogs Stay updated on a range of topics at UNMC through our blogs. Strategic Communications The Department of Strategic Communications works to tell the story of UNMC's impact on Nebraska and the world. For the Media Media & Social Need a source for a deadline story? Seeking b-roll or photographs of our newsmakers? Want to connect on social? Our team can help. News Releases University of Nebraska news releases Press Kits Our press kits provide a single stop for media seeking digital assets related to major events at UNMC. In the news University of Nebraska Medical Center In The News Events Calendar Search our calendar for virtual and in-person UNMC events. Events Center Planning a wedding or a conference? Host your next event at the Dr. Stanley M. and Dorothy Truhlsen Campus Events Center. Community Engagement As the only public academic health science center in the state, so we embrace the responsibility to reach out across Nebraska and beyond. UNMC Nebraska Medicine Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Search UNMC Search UNMC Search Play/Pause Breaking Ground & Groundbreaking 21st Century Health Sciences Next section Reaching New Levels of Excellence As the COVID-19 pandemic swept the globe, people everywhere wondered: What makes this disease so infectious? It was scientists at UNMC who found that the SARS-CoV-2 virus spreads through airborne transmission. That’s the story of UNMC in the 21st century: bold, innovative and at the forefront of health sciences research, education, patient care and outreach. All Multimedia Stories /7 Patient Care Finding Hannah's Voice Each spoken word is a triumph when childhood apraxia traps them inside. The UNMC Munroe-Meyer Institute’s RiteCare Clinic in Hastings is teaching a 5-year-old girl the speech skills to match her outgoing personality – and highlighting the importance of that therapy to central and western Nebraska. /7 Research Making His Own Luck A man named St. Patrick is bound to be lucky. And UNMC’s St. Patrick Reid, PhD, assistant professor of pathology and microbiology, readily admits that he has been a lucky man. But it’s not luck that Dr. Reid is a crucial contributor to the UNMC discovery that the SARS-CoV-2 virus spreads through airborne transmission. /7 Research Transforming the language of care Our researchers know equitable access to health care is essential, and they are working to increase diversity in clinical trials. Read this special dual-language report on the experience of one non-English-speaking participant of an oncology clinical trial. /7 Education Learning in 3D See how Jennifer Cera, DNP, and the iEXCEL visualization team are advancing medical education and women's health through 3D animation of the female anatomy. /7 Research Combating Anxiety With Innovation Anxiety among patients considering deep brain stimulation surgery is common, but now UNMC innovators are using simulation and 3D printing to both screen and prepare patients for a surgery in which they remain awake. /7 Patient Care Hitting New Strides Munroe-Meyer Institute's intensive therapies are keeping 3-year-old Bentley Hinrichs on his toes. MMI therapists crafted a top-down therapy model for Bentley that his parents say is unlike any they’ve seen. /7 Community Women Empowering Women Nine women in leadership roles at UNMC talk about shaping health care, working through their own struggles and sharing what they've learned to help others succeed. Education & Training Education & Training UNMC's education programs train more health professionals than any other institution in Nebraska. We offer the latest in technology, research facilities and resources to advance patient care and tackle some of the major diseases of our time. Explore All Programs What would you like to study? Search Allied Health Dentistry Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public Health Graduate Studies Developmental Disabilities Cancer Research Postdoctoral Outreach & Impact By the Numbers An economic engine that fuels the state of Nebraska, UNMC is an innovator in the fight against health disparities. Our experts lead the response to the Ebola outbreak and the COVID-19 pandemic. $5.9 Billion/Year Together with Nebraska Medicine, UNMC has a $5.9 billion annual impact on Nebraska's economy. 701 Graduates More than 700 professionals from rural Nebraska have graduated from 'grow your own' pathway programs that offer UNMC admission and waive undergraduate tuition for those who intend to return to rural Nebraska to practice health care. 13 Student-led Groups A growing number of student-led groups at UNMC are focused on issues related to justice, diversity, equity and inclusion. 50 International Partnerships UNMC has more than 50 active or pending international agreements for education, research and business collaborations in 21 countries. Statewide Impact Rural Health Initiatives Inclusion and Equity Global Engagement Growth & Expansion Growth & Expansion /7 Transforming the Lives of People with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities The expanded Munroe-Meyer Institute houses new programs, strengthening collaborations and allowing the institute to better serve patients and their families. Munroe-Meyer Institute /7 A New Phase for Health Care Education The Davis Global Center is home to UNMC's iEXCEL, where students have access to advanced simulation clinical settings and immersive virtual reality technology. iEXCEL /7 At the Vanguard of COVID-19 Response In the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Global Center for Health Security's quarantine unit was the only civilian team asked to provide quarantine care for U.S. citizens returning from Wuhan. In collaboration with federal and state partners, GCHS provided cutting-edge care in a quickly changing environment. Global Center for Health Security /7 A Transformed Campus Community Hub After a year-long transformation, the McGoogan Health Sciences Library is larger, lighter and ready to offer space for reflection, innovation and inclusion. McGoogan Health Sciences Library /7 Celebrating UNMC's History The Wigton Heritage Center serves as a campus welcome center as well as a catalyst for understanding, experiencing and appreciating UNMC’s unique heritage. Wigton Heritage Center /7 A State-of-the-Art Learning Environment The College of Dentistry's renovation created a state-of-the-art clinical and virtual simulation laboratory and a digital design studio equipped with the latest simulation technology, hardware, software and IT infrastructure. Dentistry Learning Spaces /7 Shaping Cancer Care, Research and Education in Nebraska, the Region and the World As the only National Cancer Institute-designated cancer center in Nebraska, the Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center provides the best in science and clinical practice. Buffett Cancer Center Only in Nebraska Only in Nebraska: A Campaign for Our University’s Future A vital enterprise in the nation’s heartland, the University of Nebraska Medical Center has its eye on improving the future of health care in Nebraska and beyond. Support Our Future Connect with UNMC Connect with us @UNMC instagram page twitter page facebook page Work at UNMC Get Directions Apply Back to Top University of Nebraska Medical Center 42nd and EmileOmaha, Nebraska 68198402-559-4000 Contact Us Directory Events Library Services & Resources Only in Nebraska: A Campaign for Our University’s Future facebook instagram twitter youtube © 2024 University of Nebraska Medical Center Policies Legal & Privacy Non-Discrimination Accessibility Report a Concern