Home - SIIA Linkedin-in Twitter Login Contact Us File a Piracy Complaint SIIA About Careers DEI Staff SIIA Bylaws Membership Divisions Education Financial Information/FISD Media Protection Policy Policy TECH& Events Awards CODiE Awards Neal Awards News Become A Member Login Contact Us File a Piracy Complaint SIIA About Careers DEI Staff SIIA Bylaws Membership Divisions Education Financial Information/FISD Media Protection Policy Policy TECH& Events Awards CODiE Awards Neal Awards News Information Connects UsFor more than 50 years, SIIA has led the charge, driving innovation, connecting and supporting growth across the world's information industries. Our members provide the critical data, content, and information that drive the global economy, inform financial networks, connect learners and educators, and produce better health outcomes. SIIA connects the information industries that make the world work. Learn More The IMPACT Awards are now open. Apply today! Recognizing young professionals across publishing advancing diversity, equity and inclusion. Apply today Are You Going to BIMS? Join your B2B media-industry peers in New Orleans for an exciting event that combines strategic learning with a touch of fun and adventure Learn More Unleashing Innovation: The CODiE Awards The CODiE Awards recognize and honor groundbreaking products and services that redefine innovation and leave a lasting impact on the Business and Education industries. Read More SIIA’s 2024 Policy Priorities SIIA strives to advance meaningful and innovative public policy solutions. Our 2024 Policy Priorities and upcoming programs support the information industry. Learn More Get to know us Policy Spotlight SIIA Policy represents our members from state capitals to the nation’s Capitol. MembershipHas Never Been More CriticalMembership Matters. For more than 50 years, SIIA has led the charge, supporting growth across the world's most influential information industries. From industry-leading educational and networking events, to must-read content, to initiatives to help you leverage and understand the latest trends, to defending your interests before policy makers, we connect, we engage and we advocate. All so you can grow your business and make the world work. Join us! Join SIIA Today Interested in learning best practices? Want to learn from and network with leaders across the industry? Is someone looking out for you in your state capital and on Capitol Hill? AwardsCelebrating the best of your industry Recent News Fuller Lights Up the BIMS 2024 Audience With Revenue and Flying Exploits At BIMS 2024 Day One, an Upbeat Opening CEO Panel Talks Attendance Surges and Revenue Gains What’s on Their Minds? BIMS Attendees Share Priorities and Goals for the Event Read More Driving innovation across the information industries. Buy Instagram Followers SIIA Division & Services Policy Financial Information/FISD Education Media About SIIA Contact UsSponsorship opportunities1620 I Street NW, Suite 501Washington D.C. 20005 202-289-7442 Twitter Youtube Linkedin Privacy User & Agreement Code of Conduct Copyright 2021. The Software & Information Industry Association. All Rights Shopping Basket