Home - Supreme Court of the United States SEARCH TIPS Search term too short Invalid text in search term. Try again ADVANCED SEARCH DOCKET SEARCH Search Toggle navigation OPINIONS Opinions of the Court Opinions Relating to Orders In-Chambers Opinions U. S. Reports Online Sources Cited in Opinions Media Files Cited in Opinions Case Citation Finder FILING & RULES Electronic Filing Rules and Guidance Supreme Court Bar ORAL ARGUMENTS Argument Transcripts Argument Audio Calendars and Lists Courtroom Seating CASE DOCUMENTS Docket Search Orders of the Court Orders by Circuit Granted/Noted Cases List Journal NEWS MEDIA Services for News Media Press Releases Media Advisories Press Credentials Speeches A Reporter's Guide to Applications Chief Justice's Year-End Reports on the Federal Judiciary ABOUT THE COURT Justices Supreme Court at Work Code of Conduct for Justices History and Traditions The Supreme Court Building Visiting the Court Activities for Students & Families Exhibitions Building Regulations Frequently Asked Questions Quick Links Electronic Filing Visit Fellows Program Contact Us Live Audio Today at the Court - Tuesday, Mar 5, 2024 The Supreme Court Building is open to the public from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Courtroom Lectures available within the next 30 days. Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation <<<March 2024><< March 2024 SMTWTFS 12 3456789 1011121314 16 17181920212223 24252627282930 31 Calendar Info/Key Argument Days Non-argument Days Conference Days Order List Issuance Days Conference / Non-argument Day Holiday The Court convenes for a session in the Courtroom at 10 a.m. The session may begin with the announcement of opinions - decisions in argued cases - followed by the swearing in of new members to the Bar of the Supreme Court. Unless otherwise noted, the Court generally hears two, one-hour oral arguments, with attorneys for each side of a case given 30 minutes to make a presentation to the Court and answer questions posed by the Justices. These sessions are open to the public. The Court convenes for a session in the Courtroom at 10 a.m. The session begins with the announcement of opinions - decisions in argued cases - followed by the swearing in of new members to the Bar of the Supreme Court. These sessions, which typically last 15-30 minutes, are open to the public. The Justices meet in a private conference to discuss cases argued earlier that week. The Justices also discuss and vote on petitions for review. The building is open to the public but the Justices do not take the Bench. The Court convenes for a session in the Courtroom at 10 a.m. The session begins with the announcement of opinions - decisions in argued cases - followed by the swearing in of new members to the Bar of the Supreme Court. These sessions, which typically last 15-30 minutes, are open to the public. The Justices meet in a private conference to discuss cases argued earlier that week. The Justices also discuss and vote on petitions for review. The building is open to the public but the Justices do not take the Bench. The Court is closed on federal holidays. For questions on how the holiday impacts case filings, contact the Clerk's Office. Opinion Issuance Days Order List Issuance Days Conference/Opinion Issuance Days Conference/Argument Days {1} ##LOC[OK]## {1} ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## {1} ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Recent Decisions March 04, 2024 Trump v. Anderson (23-719) (Per Curiam) Because the Constitution makes Congress, rather than the States, responsible for enforcing Section 3 of the Fourteenth Amendment against federal officeholders and candidates, the Colorado Supreme Court erred in ordering former President Trump excluded from the 2024 Presidential primary ballot. February 21, 2024 McElrath v. Georgia (22-721) The jury’s verdict that the defendant was not guilty by reason of insanity of malice murder constituted an acquittal for double jeopardy purposes notwithstanding any inconsistency with the jury’s other verdicts. Great Lakes Ins. SE v. Raiders Retreat Realty Co. (22-500) Choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts are presumptively enforceable under federal maritime law, with narrow exceptions not applicable in this case. February 08, 2024 Department of Agriculture Rural Development Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz (22-846) A consumer may sue a federal agency under 15 U. S. C. §§1681n and 1681o for defying the terms of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Murray v. UBS Securities, LLC (22-660) A whistleblower seeking to invoke the protections of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act—18 U. S. C. §1514A(a)—must prove that their protected activity was a contributing factor in the employer’s unfavorable personnel action, but need not prove that the employer acted with “retaliatory intent.” More Opinions... Did You Know... A “New” Portrait for a 230th Birthday! March 5th marks the 230th birthday of Justice Robert C. Grier, who served on the Court from 1846 to 1870. Born in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, in 1794, Grier attended Dickinson College and practiced law privately until 1833, when he was appointed to the District Court of Allegheny County. In 1846, President James K. Polk appointed him to the Supreme Court. In 2023, descendants of Justice Grier donated this posthumous portrait, shared here for the first time. Bust-length portrait of Associate Justice Robert C. Grier by Robert David Gauley, 1919. Collection of the Supreme Court of the United States Opinions Opinions of the Court Opinions Relating to Orders In-Chambers Opinions U. S. Reports Online Sources Cited in Opinions Media Files Cited in Opinions Case Citation Finder Filing & Rules Electronic Filing Rules and Guidance Supreme Court Bar Oral Arguments Argument Transcripts Argument Audio Calendars and Lists Courtroom Seating Case Documents Docket Search Orders of the Court Orders by Circuit Granted/Noted Cases List Journal News Media Services for News Media Press Releases Media Advisories Press Credentials Speeches A Reporter's Guide to Applications (PDF) Chief Justice's Year-End Reports on the Federal Judiciary About the Court Justices Supreme Court at Work Code of Conduct for Justices History and Traditions The Supreme Court Building Visiting the Court Activities for Students & Families Exhibitions Building Regulations Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us | Site Map | Help | Fellows Program | Jobs | Links | Website Policies and Notices | Privacy Policy | USA.GOV SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES 1 First Street, NE Washington, DC 20543