KevinMD.com | Social media's leading physician voice Skip to content About Contact Contribute Book Careers Podcast Recommended Speaking Main Menu All Physician Practice Policy Finance Conditions .edu Patient Meds Tech Social Video Topics Navigation All Physician Practice Policy Finance Conditions .edu Patient Meds Tech Social Video About Contact Contribute Book Careers Podcast Recommended Speaking Integrated coaching for medical residents Dr. Lind Grant-Oyeye Physician March 5, 2024 Residency program directors and preceptors are responsible for shaping the next wave of medical professionals. Beyond ensuring adequate clinical training, they must equip future doctors with the skills to navigate the complexities of modern medicine. Coaching has recently emerged as a prominent method of supporting trainees. As a physician interested in evidence-based leadership practices, my search brought me to integrated coaching as a noteworthy approach. Integrated coaching is a comprehensive toolkit … Read more… 2024 technology trends to revolutionize the field of oncology Andrew Norden, MD, MPH, MBA Tech March 5, 2024 Between interest rates reaching their highest levels in 15 years and the explosion of artificial intelligence (AI), 2023 was a year filled with both challenges and opportunities for those of us in the health care technology industry. For better or worse, many of those same trends are following us into 2024. Obstacles such as the worsening clinician shortage and innovations such as the adoption of AI will remain top-of-mind for … Read more… A Surgeon’s Knot: the realities of a surgical internship [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD Podcast March 4, 2024 Subscribe to The Podcast by KevinMD. Watch on YouTube. Catch up on old episodes! We sit down with William Lynes, a urologist and author of A Surgeon’s Knot, as we delve into the captivating narrative of the highs and lows of a surgical internship. Join us as … Read more… My journey through the parable of American health care Claudia Finkelstein, MD Physician March 4, 2024 The parable of the Chinese farmer is a story with many versions. In shorthand, it goes something like this: a farmer’s horse escapes – the neighbors say, “How terrible!” The farmer says, “Maybe.” The horse returns, bringing some wild horses with it. The neighbors say, “How wonderful!” The farmer says, “Maybe.” The farmer’s son falls off one of the wild horses while trying to tame it and breaks his leg. … Read more… Honoring our trusted family physician Eleanor Bueno, DO Physician March 4, 2024 As a family doctor, I want to extend my gratitude to my colleague and friend who has transitioned from primary care to weight management as of January 1, 2024. This serves as a reminder that primary care thrives on heartfelt connections, which remain fundamental to our approach to health care. Your consistent care is already missed in these first few months of 2024. I am so grateful for your years of … Read more… Did you know that colder weather can complicate blood pressure control rates and treatment? American Medical Association Conditions March 4, 2024 Next time you hear “cuffing season,” think of blood pressure cuffs. As winter has properly set in with shorter, darker, colder days, you might see the impact on blood pressure control rates. A new study examined the health records of more than 68,000 adults being treated for hypertension and found that on a population level, BP control rates decreased by up to 5 percent during the winter months … Read more… Is there a place for audiovisual recording in medicine? Martin C. Young, MD Physician March 4, 2024 Some years ago, I came across a very useful little device – a thumb (flash) drive that also had the ability to record sound. It powered up simply by being slotted into a USB port. Inserting the drive did not raise any suspicion that I was recording. Sometimes I used this overtly, such as when obtaining informed consent or giving instructions that were vital to be followed. Rarely I would use it … Read more… From paralysis to possibility: an unexpected awakening [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD Podcast March 3, 2024 Subscribe to The Podcast by KevinMD. Watch on YouTube. Catch up on old episodes! Join us as we sit down with Olivia Ong, a pain and rehabilitation medicine physician based in Australia, as she opens up about her incredible journey of resilience and self-discovery. In 2008, Olivia … Read more… Confronting the damaging hierarchy in graduate medical education David M. Mitchell, MD, PhD Education March 3, 2024 Although I have a deep respect for everyone who contributes to the education of our next generation of physicians, I also feel that the current hierarchy in graduate medical education is damaging U.S. health care. That is, the best students go to the best residency programs and get the best jobs and subsequently teach the best students, and so on, creating highly respected centers of excellence. That’s wonderful, but how … Read more… Medical debt-driven homelessness Deepak Gupta, MD Physician March 3, 2024 The fictional 2007 television story depicting the plight of a widow with two daughters who, as a family, became homeless due to medical debt incurred during her since-deceased husband’s health care, is an eye-opener and heartbreaking. However, nowadays, the fact is emulating that fiction when statistics of homelessness risk due to medical debt are bewildering and shocking. As compared to credit card debt, where buyers can at least gauge the maximum … Read more… Physician-led health care transformation: Debunking myths Mick Connors, MD Physician March 3, 2024 In the ever-evolving landscape of modern health care, physicians often grapple with myths and misconceptions that can hinder our ability to provide the best possible care to our patients. As we stand at the precipice of change in 2023, it’s vital to confront these fallacies with courage, humility, and self-awareness. The path to a better health care system is paved with the stones of truth found in the counterpoints to … Read more… Tax tips for employed doctors [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD Podcast March 2, 2024 Subscribe to The Podcast by KevinMD. Watch on YouTube. Catch up on old episodes! Join Tod Stillson, a family physician and entrepreneur, as he navigates the intricacies of tax planning and financial well-being for employed doctors. Tod provides valuable insights on transitioning from a traditional W-2 employee … Read more… Breaking free from sugar addiction: Why cold turkey doesn’t work Nicole Avena Conditions March 2, 2024 We know how dangerous sugar can be to our health. Excess sugar intake has been linked to cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and even our immune system health. But giving it up is easier said than done. One question that people often have is, “Do I have to completely give up sugar, like, all of it? Cold turkey?” The answer is: nope! For most people, systematically identifying, replacing, and reducing sugar in … Read more… When this doctor gets a zero star rating Ryan McCarthy, MD Physician March 2, 2024 I can’t stop thinking about “customer satisfaction,” which is weird because I don’t actually have customers. I’m a primary care doctor for a group of patients in Martinsburg, WV, and have done so for almost twenty years. At its core, my job is the opposite of having it your way, like I’m told you can do at Burger King. I don’t sell anything in my office except, perhaps, the benefits of … Read more… Telemedicine’s impact on lifespan and cancer eradication Gene Uzawa Dorio, MD Tech March 2, 2024 Forty years ago when I first started in medicine, there were no CT scans or MRIs. In the next forty years, I foresee cancer as an illness of the past, and life expectancy will be over one hundred years old. Scientific advancements will push medicine ahead, improving quality of life in increments, slowly taking two steps forward and one step back. The pandemic caused us to take one step back, but … Read more… Medical aid in dying legislation for end-of-life care [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD Podcast March 1, 2024 Subscribe to The Podcast by KevinMD. Watch on YouTube. Catch up on old episodes! Join Thaddeus Mason Pope, an expert in medical law and clinical ethics, as we delve into the complex landscape of medical aid in dying (MAID) legislation. Explore the evolution of MAID legislation over … Read more… It is literally possible to be a woman in medicine! We are doing it every day. Christine J. Ko, MD Physician March 1, 2024 I love America Ferrara’s monologue in Barbie. Similarly, the impossibility of being a woman in medicine, as so clearly stated in Dr. Jennifer Lycette’s recent essay in KevinMD, absolutely resonates with me. And yet, let’s not forget that in 2021, two of five practicing physicians were women, with certain fields including (my own) dermatology, internal medicine, and pediatrics having a female predominance. Studies support that these female physicians have … Read more… Psychiatry in 1984 vs. now: Has progress come at a cost? Arthur Lazarus, MD, MBA Conditions March 1, 2024 This essay is part satire. The trouble is, I don’t know which part. As far as I know, time travel is fodder for science fiction thrillers and movies. It doesn’t actually exist on Earth. However, I can time travel in my mind, and I do it frequently, reminiscing about the 40 years between the time I completed my psychiatric residency (in 1984) and now. What has changed in my specialty in … Read more… Harmonies of medicine: the biopsychosocial symphony Shanice Spence-Miller, MD Physician March 1, 2024 In the heartstrings of medicine, a symphony resonates—a tale of profound connections and compassionate care. Envision a middle-aged man thrust into a harrowing journey: diagnosed suddenly with a life-threatening vascular disease, haunted by depression with suicidal thoughts, and navigating the complexities of life without social support. This narrative is both prologue and sonata, weaving through the very fabric of healthcare, unraveling the poignant threads that bind us to our patients. The … Read more… From Afghanistan to hope: a cancer patient’s remarkable story Dr. Damane Zehra Conditions March 1, 2024 A few weeks back, a young male from Afghanistan visited us in the oncology clinic. He was in his late 20s and came with a translator to facilitate his consultation. He was not very fluent in either Urdu or English but could still understand most of it. He seemed very anxious and perplexed in the initial assessment room. I observed him closely and noticed that there was no family member … Read more… Most Popular Past Week The costly divide: tech innovations and global health inequality Kayra Cengiz | Tech When this doctor gets a zero star rating Ryan McCarthy, MD | Physician Physician-led health care transformation: Debunking myths Mick Connors, MD | Physician Is your persistent cough more than a cold? Understanding micro-choking. West Haven VA Center of Excellence | Conditions Integrated coaching for medical residents Dr. Lind Grant-Oyeye | Physician Beyond medical vs. N95: strategic masking for COVID protection P. Dileep Kumar, MD, MBA | Conditions Past 6 Months We need to step up for Black mothers Toni Brayer, MD | Conditions Can we finally say goodbye to opioids? There may be new pain relief on the horizon. L. Joseph Parker, MD | Meds The unseen struggles of Native medical students Katlin Wilson, Cailean MacColl, and Amanda Dionne | Education Shared decision-making in health care: promise vs. reality M. Bennet Broner, PhD | Conditions The opioid addiction epidemic and its impact on health care costs Brocha Kagan, PA-C | Conditions NICU tragedy: How new nurses’ nail choices led to a newborn’s heartbreaking fate Debbie Moore-Black, RN | Conditions Recent Posts Integrated coaching for medical residents Dr. Lind Grant-Oyeye | Physician 2024 technology trends to revolutionize the field of oncology Andrew Norden, MD, MPH, MBA | Tech A Surgeon’s Knot: the realities of a surgical internship [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD | Podcast My journey through the parable of American health care Claudia Finkelstein, MD | Physician Honoring our trusted family physician Eleanor Bueno, DO | Physician Did you know that colder weather can complicate blood pressure control rates and treatment? American Medical Association | Conditions Subscribe to KevinMD and never miss a story! Get free updates delivered free to your inbox. Subscribe 451 pages Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 … 451 → Founded in 2004 by Kevin Pho, MD, KevinMD.com is the web’s leading platform where physicians, advanced practitioners, nurses, medical students, and patients share their insight and tell their stories. Social Like on FacebookFollow on TwitterConnect on LinkedinSubscribe on YoutubeInstagram CME Spotlights From MedPage Today Latest NewsBugged Doctors' Offices; $22M for Healthcare Hackers? What to Know About IbogaineLatest COVID Shots Protect Against Serious OutcomesKetamine Clinics Diverge From APA RecommendationsMemory, Cognitive Symptoms Linked to Sleep ApneaNovel Therapy Promising for Radiation-Induced Oral MucositisMeeting CoverageMemory, Cognitive Symptoms Linked to Sleep ApneaNovel Therapy Promising for Radiation-Induced Oral MucositisGene-Guided Immunotherapy Misses Mark in Recurrent/Metastatic Head and Neck CancerCognitive Decline in MS Predicted by Paramagnetic Rim LesionsAAAAI Roundup: Perioperative Assessment of Antibiotic Allergy With a Mobile App Most Popular Past Week The costly divide: tech innovations and global health inequality Kayra Cengiz | Tech When this doctor gets a zero star rating Ryan McCarthy, MD | Physician Physician-led health care transformation: Debunking myths Mick Connors, MD | Physician Is your persistent cough more than a cold? Understanding micro-choking. West Haven VA Center of Excellence | Conditions Integrated coaching for medical residents Dr. Lind Grant-Oyeye | Physician Beyond medical vs. N95: strategic masking for COVID protection P. Dileep Kumar, MD, MBA | Conditions Past 6 Months We need to step up for Black mothers Toni Brayer, MD | Conditions Can we finally say goodbye to opioids? There may be new pain relief on the horizon. L. Joseph Parker, MD | Meds The unseen struggles of Native medical students Katlin Wilson, Cailean MacColl, and Amanda Dionne | Education Shared decision-making in health care: promise vs. reality M. Bennet Broner, PhD | Conditions The opioid addiction epidemic and its impact on health care costs Brocha Kagan, PA-C | Conditions NICU tragedy: How new nurses’ nail choices led to a newborn’s heartbreaking fate Debbie Moore-Black, RN | Conditions Recent Posts Integrated coaching for medical residents Dr. Lind Grant-Oyeye | Physician 2024 technology trends to revolutionize the field of oncology Andrew Norden, MD, MPH, MBA | Tech A Surgeon’s Knot: the realities of a surgical internship [PODCAST] The Podcast by KevinMD | Podcast My journey through the parable of American health care Claudia Finkelstein, MD | Physician Honoring our trusted family physician Eleanor Bueno, DO | Physician Did you know that colder weather can complicate blood pressure control rates and treatment? American Medical Association | Conditions MedPage Today Professional Terms of Use | Disclaimer Privacy Policy DMCA Policy All Content © KevinMD, LLC Site by Outthink Group