Gracenote Metadata Solutions | Nielsen Gracenote Metadata Solutions | Nielsen Skip to content Solutions Audience measurement Audio measurement Cross-media measurement Digital measurement Streaming measurement TV measurement Media planning Audience segmentation Competitive intelligence Scenario planning Marketing optimization Marketing outcomes Sports & games Content metadata Audio metadata Sports metadata Video metadata Featured Nielsen One Media is more complex than ever. Discover the future of cross-media measurement with Nielsen ONE. Insights Type Articles Case Studies Perspectives Podcasts Reports Videos Webinars Topic Advertising Audiences Digital & technology Marketing performance Media Sports & gaming TV & streaming Featured Top 10 rankings Explore what consumers are watching, playing and listening to around the world. Data Center Featured Data The Gauge™ – U.S. Top 10 – U.S. Top Trends – Denmark Top Trends – Germany Women’s World Cup Men’s World Cup Methodology Big Data Panels Identity About Overview Locations Leadership SEC Filings Careers Focus Diversity, equity & inclusion Responsibility & sustainability Panels Privacy Trust News Center Press releases Articles Press requests en EnglishEspañolPortuguês BrasileiroFrançaisDeutschItalianoPolskiBahasa Indonesia日本語한국어中文 (简体) Contact Us Solutions All Solutions Audience measurement Media planning Marketing optimization Content metadata Nielsen One Insights All Insights Articles Case Studies Perspectives Podcasts Reports Videos Webinars Top 10 Data Center The GaugeTM – U.S. Top 10 – U.S. Top Trends – Denmark Top Trends – Germany Women’s World Cup Men’s World Cup Big Data Panels Identity About Overview Our values News Center Careers Trust Search Client Login en EnglishEspañolPortuguês BrasileiroFrançaisDeutschItalianoPolskiBahasa Indonesia日本語한국어中文 (简体) Contact Us Solutions > Gracenote content metadata Solutions > Content metadata Products available () Featured Gracenote ID Powering content discoverability and distribution. Learn more Audio metadata Identify radio, music, podcasts, and enable audio content discovery. See all Audio On Demand Enhance the podcast experience across streaming platforms and OEMs, with a comprehensive, global dataset of factual data and enriched descriptors that fuel your audience’s discovery. Read more Global Music Data Transform how music is organized and discovered, with factual and descriptive metadata for over 100 million music tracks globally. Read more Gracenote Nexus Auto Reimagine in-car entertainment with an automotive data platform that enables automakers to provide radio, streaming music, podcasts, sports, movies and TV in the car. Read more Music Recognition Give fans the power to identify music with millions of audio fingerprints that enable them to discover new artists and enjoy their favorite songs. Read more Sports metadata Deliver engaging sports infotainment experiences. See all Global Sports Data Deliver in-depth sports data, including schedules, scores, statistics and team and player information for the world’s major professional leagues and events. Read more Global Sports Events Heighten the fan experience and engage audiences across websites, mobile apps, TV and streaming during major global sporting events. Read more Global Sports Services Leverage value-added sports services with Gracenote’s expert resources and vast sports datasets. Read more Video metadata Fuel video content discovery, distribution and development. See all Advanced Discovery Suite Enhance viewer engagement with TV show and movie video data sets powering the next generation of guides, recommendation algorithms and voice search. Read more Content Analytics Suite Get actionable intelligence into TV show and movie performance, helping you make better decisions about your content investments. Read more Global Video Data Empower audiences to find and enjoy their favorite content with the definitive collection of worldwide sports, music, TV, movie and on-demand data. Read more Gracenote View Access Gracenote’s powerful video data all in one glance—meet View, your portal to Gracenote Video Data. Read more ID Distribution System Optimize content distribution and discovery using Gracenote ID Distribution System’s metadata management across platforms.. Read more Streaming Video Suite Give entertainment providers the power to let audiences seamlessly discover and access the programs they love – regardless of where they are streaming. Read more Studio Solutions Suite Unlock your full potential–Gracenote Studio Solutions is the industry standard when it comes to entertainment data and business intelligence, so you can create innovative content that will attract the spotlight. Read more Studio System Studio System is Hollywood’s most powerful database, offering comprehensive coverage of the most important people and projects–it’s your lifeline to the entire entertainment industry. Read more Let’s discuss your business needs Contact us Contact us Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Solutions Locations Insights About Nielsen Careers News Center SEC Filings Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy notice | Terms of use | Do not sell or share my personal informationLimit the use of my sensitive personal informationNielsen Marketing Cloud Privacy Statement | Integrity Helpline 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Impressum Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.