Business Insider Menu icon A vertical stack of three evenly spaced horizontal lines. Search icon A magnifying glass. It indicates, "Click to perform a search". Business Insider logo Business Insider logo Business Insider logo Newsletters Subscribe Account icon An icon in the shape of a person's head and shoulders. It often indicates a user profile. Log in Account icon An icon in the shape of a person's head and shoulders. It often indicates a user profile. Subscribe Business Strategy Economy Finance Retail Advertising Careers Media Real Estate Small Business Tech Science AI Sustainability Enterprise Transportation Startups Innovation Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Crypto Currencies ETFs Lifestyle Entertainment Culture Travel Food Health Parenting Reviews Politics Military & Defense Law Education Personal Finance Banking Credit Cards Investing Loans Mortgages Video Big Business Food Wars So Expensive Still Standing Boot Camp Business Strategy Economy Finance Retail Advertising Careers Media Real Estate Small Business Tech Science AI Sustainability Enterprise Transportation Startups Innovation Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Crypto Currencies ETFs Lifestyle Entertainment Culture Travel Food Health Parenting Reviews Tech Streaming Home Kitchen Style Beauty Pets Gifts Deals Coupons Politics Military & Defense Law Education Personal Finance Banking Credit Cards Investing Loans Mortgages Video Big Business Food Wars So Expensive Still Standing Boot Camp All A-Z Advertising AI Banking Business Careers Commodities Credit Cards Crypto Culture Currencies Economy Education Enterprise Entertainment ETFs Finance Food Health Indices Innovation Investing Law Lifestyle Loans Markets Media Military & Defense Mortgages Parenting Personal Finance Politics Retail Reviews Small Business Science Startups Stocks Strategy Sustainability Tech Transportation Travel Video Featured Talent Insider About About Advertise Careers Code of Ethics Contact Us Corporate Corrections Policy Follow RSS Sitemap Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Subscriptions Intelligence Premium Close icon Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification. US Markets Loading... h m s Huileng Tan China is laying out ambitious growth goals for 2024, and even Beijing knows they'll be hard to hit China, the world's second-largest economy, is targeting GDP growth of about 5% in 2024. The country's GDP grew 5.2% in 2023. Jon Stewart slams Democrats for fearmongering about migrants I used resume spammers to apply for 120 jobs. Chaos ensued. Elon Musk just can't seem to resist the dark urge to start beef with Mark Cuban Bitcoin flirts with record highs as traders await clues on the Fed's next move The ultimate guide to Super Tuesday Jeff Bezos is once again the world's richest person thanks to the Big Tech rally Silicon Valley's elite are moralizing about the future of AI Katie Warren The Juggernaut promised to revolutionize South Asian news. But insiders say the company's founder misled investors, struggled to raise money, and left workers 'heartbroken.' The founder, Snigdha Sur, has had difficulty retaining staff and falsely claimed that Oprah had invested, multiple people said. Sarah Jackson Apple just added a bunch of new products without a big launch event — here's what's new Apple announced a new 13- and 15‑inch MacBook Air with its M3 chip and recently added new colors for iPhone 15 cases and Apple Watch bands. Laura Italiano Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg told a blatant lie about a blatant lie. Here's how NYC prosecutors got him for perjury. It turns out Allen Weisselberg not only lied about the size of Donald Trump's penthouse, but then lied about lying. Video Phil Rosen Why crypto is surging back to all-time highs and shrugging off high interest rates Peter Kafka Who's going to pay $50 a month for a sports streamer that doesn't have all the sports? Trisha Mukherjee How the death of one woman brought an independent abortion clinic to its knees You're all set, enjoy your Business Insider access! Go to newsletter preferences Thanks for signing up! We take you inside the companies and the topics that matter to you. Download the app NEW LOOK Sign up to get the inside scoop on today’s biggest stories in markets, tech, and business — delivered daily. Read preview Email Sign up By clicking “Sign Up”, you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt-out at any time. Phil Rosen Why crypto is surging back to all-time highs and shrugging off high interest rates Peter Kafka Who's going to pay $50 a month for a sports streamer that doesn't have all the sports? Trisha Mukherjee How the death of one woman brought an independent abortion clinic to its knees Most popular Madison Hoff The 15 US cities where your money goes the furthest Robin Madell I'm a business owner and 6-figure earner. Here's how my stay-at-home husband and I handle the kids and 'chore wars.' This wife and six-figure business owner works while her husband is a stay-at-home parent. She shared how they split the chores. Pete Syme Ryanair once deleted a viral tweet about Prince William after Kensington Palace complained, says ex-head of social Michael Corcoran, Ryanair's former head of social, said the airline took down a tweet about the future king in 2022 following a Kensington Palace request. Sawdah Bhaimiya Middle managers are feeling the squeeze and losing confidence in their employers amid layoffs, cost-cutting, and RTO mandates, Glassdoor finds "Middle managers are under more pressure to do more with less," Glassdoor's lead economist Daniel Zhao said. Joshua Zitser We were drawn to Sicily's viral $1 homes. We ended up spending $30K for 2, but it was worth every penny. Tam and Gary Holm went to Sicily, drawn in by the one-euro home promotion. They ended up spending about $30,000 on two, but said they don't regret it. Jane Zhang I left California for Las Vegas. Even after a $39,000 pay cut, my house is bigger, my 401(k) contributions went up, and the quality of my life improved. The best offers from Business Insider Coupons Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes. Shop exclusive savings every week at Staples.com. Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers. Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy. Advertisement Advertisement Markets Advertisement Advertisement Tech Advertisement Advertisement Finance Advertisement Advertisement Strategy Advertisement Advertisement Personal Finance Advertisement Advertisement Reviews Video Advertisement The best offers from Business Insider Coupons Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes. Shop exclusive savings every week at Staples.com. Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers. Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Close icon Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification. Follow us on: * Copyright © 2024 Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Contact Us Masthead Sitemap Disclaimer Accessibility Commerce Policy Advertising Policies Coupons Made in NYC Jobs @ Business Insider Stock quotes by finanzen.net Reprints & Permissions International Editions: United States US International INTL Deutschland & Österreich AT Deutschland DE España ES India IN Japan JP México MX Netherlands NL Polska PL Jump to Main content Search Account