Prepear - Connected Cooking App Hit enter to search or ESC to close Saving Recipes Learn to Meal Plan Prepear Gold Sign In Create a Free Account Simplify Home Cooking. Prepear helps you organize your recipes, plan your meals, and get your groceries fast. Save and Organize Recipes Save your favorite recipes from anywhere, and organize them how you like in your Connected Cookbooks. You can use them on any device at any time – your cooking life can now live in your pocket. Discover New Recipes Browse and save over 300k recipes in our database. Collect Web Recipes Store your favorites from all over the web, all in one place. Add Your Own Recipes Put Grandma’s famous zucchini bread at your fingertips. Create Tap the plus to create meal plans, cookbooks, add recipes from the web, or create your own. Create Your Own Custom Meal Plans Add your favorite recipes to your Meal Plan in seconds. Plan simply, or plan big. Take charge of what you serve your family all week long. Add Recipes Tap the plus to add any recipe to a particular day. Add a Note Tap the lightning bolt to add any custom note to a particular day. Customize your plan Swipe right to remove a recipe, or move it to another day. Plan Settings Tap the three dots to save your plan, insert another plan, or print. Shop Smarter Take your grocery list with you everywhere you go. Prepear automatically creates your grocery list for you. Customize it and add those other things you need – laundry detergent and milk. Order your groceries from right within the app for curbside pickup or delivery. Send Your Grocery List to Walmart Shop by brand, or by price. You have the freedom to shop each item at Walmart. Ingredient Info Get reminded which recipe calls for this ingredient. Tap here. Next Item Tap the right and left arrows to go back or skip items. Cook Simply Enjoy clear, uncluttered cooking with our thoughtfully-designed recipe interface, Prepear Mode. Easily check off ingredients as you cook so you won’t ever have to remember if you already added the salt. Cook Mode Enjoy ad free cooking, where you can see the ingredients and directions on a split-screen. Adjust Servings Adjust the serving amount, to fit your family’s needs. Landscape Mode Rotate your device sideways to go into landscape mode. Check Off Ingredients Check off the ingredients and directions while you cook, so you never lose your place. CompanyAbout Help Contact Us Earn Revenue from PrepearHow does it work? Why we built Prepear Become a Prepear Pro Prepear Pro Agreement Prepear Pro Payment Terms TermsPrivacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Sale Medical Disclaimer Help © 2024 Prepear. All Rights Reserved. Saving Recipes Learn to Meal Plan Prepear Gold Sign In Create a Free Account