Kantar. Shape your brand future Home Expertise Expertise Explore the many areas where Kantar will help your organisation to succeed, through a deeper understanding of people. How we can help you Advertising, Media & PR Audience Measurement Analytics Brand Growth Consulting Consumer, Shopper & Retail Customer Experience Management Innovation Research Services Sustainability Industries Industries Find growth, inspiration and a deeper understanding of people, within your industry or sector. See what we can do Automotive & Mobility Consumer Packaged Goods Energy & Utilities Fashion, Beauty & Luxury Finance Health Hospitality, Leisure & Travel Media Post and logistics Retail Sport & Leisure Technology & Telecoms Inspiration Inspiration Read our latest articles and reports, with expert perspectives, proprietary data, and thought-provoking insights. See more Inspiration Featured stories View all Webinars & Events The electric mobility revolution Technology and brand tracking: the perfect marketing match Rip up the textbooks: A fresh look at CX Featured article Attention beyond views for creative effectiveness In a digitally distracted world, simple views are not enough to capture meaningful attention. Learn 5 tips to make your creative worth paying attention to. About About About Kantar Awards & Accreditations Community Impact Inclusion & Diversity Our Partners Press Centre Careers Careers Careers at Kantar Experienced Hires Start your career with Kantar Life at Kantar Locations Locations Argentina Australia Austria Bangladesh Belgium Bolivia Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Finland France Germany Ghana Greece Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Mongolia Morocco Myanmar New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Singapore Slovakia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand The Netherlands Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom & Ireland United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vietnam Kantar Marketplace Contact About Careers Logins Locations Contact Suggested searches BrandZ Marketplace Future Proof Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Shape your brand future From brand strategy to sales performance, we blend a unique combination of expertise, advanced analytics, products and platforms, creating the most meaningful understanding of how people think and act. Attention beyond views for creative effectivenessLearn how brands can capture attention through their creative to enhance advertising effectiveness. Win awards and customers!As Effie’s Europe strategic insights partner, we tested 200 winning creatives from 2022 and 2023, using LINK AI to uncover what makes them so effective. Download the booklet to learn the secrets of effective advertising. Connected InnovationA guide to innovating differently. We’ve combined the latest thinking from Kantar’s innovation experts with data-driven insights and case studies from successful brands to answer some of your innovation challenges. Marketing Trends 2024From insights to behaviour, from culture to data, we cover some of the key trends that we see emerging and growing over the next year Kantar. Shape your brand futureIntroducing Kantar’s new brand positioning, and our promise to clients Kantar BrandZ Most Valuable Global Brands 2023 Explore how the world’s most valuable brands have faced the challenges of the past year and the opportunities to chart a path to future growth Designing for a waste free futureUnderstand the impact of waste on people, planet and the economy and how disruptive innovation can drive consumer behaviour. Unlocking ValueDiscover the value behind cross-media and cross-platform audience measurement for agencies, advertisers and media owners and explain why it's a question of when, not if. Build your brand with faster insightsAccelerate consumer understanding with Kantar Marketplace, a market research platform that combines agile research products, powerful analytics and deep brand-building expertise.Visit Kantar Marketplace Global scale, local relevanceOur strength lies in the unrivalled diversity of our people, methodologies, specialisms and points of view that seamlessly fuse to give us a unique and complete understanding of people, across the world.See office locations Inspiration Mistrust and rejection: The impact of greenwashing and social washing on brands 52% of people globally say they have seen, or heard, false or misleading information about sustainable actions taken by brands. 09 November 2023 Five lessons learned from the most innovative brands worldwide Kantar’s Outstanding Innovation Awards celebrate the most innovative brands worldwide and show how they consistently used innovation as a driver for growth. 17 May 2023 Learning from the most inclusive brands Brands have a social and commercial responsibility to be more inclusive but it takes more than just good intentions to get this critical area right. 27 July 2023 What Large Language Models could mean for market research Siri on steroids or the future of the industry? We discuss the potential applications and limitations of Large Language Models. 31 March 2023 Need something more tailored to your world? Our global insights span 90 markets, covering everything from analytics and research to brand growth and advertising. Get more Inspiration Careers at KantarWould you like to uncover fascinating insights, within a global company that leads the way in human understanding? At Kantar you can join 28,000 colleagues who help do that, every day.Join us Global Office Vivo Building, 30 Stamford St, London London SE1 9LQ T +44 (0)207 076 9000 Follow Kantar Expertise Advertising, Media & PR Audience Measurement Analytics Brand Growth Consulting Consumer, Shopper & Retail Customer Experience Management Innovation Research Services Sustainability Industries Automotive & Mobility Consumer Packaged Goods Energy & Utilities Fashion, Beauty & Luxury Finance Health Hospitality, Leisure & Travel Media Post and logistics Retail Sport & Leisure Technology & Telecoms Solutions Solutions Logins Company About Kantar Careers Contact Investor relations Corporate Governance Locations Subscribe Press Centre © Kantar Group and Affiliates 2023 Terms and conditions Cookies and privacy policy Corporate Governance