Listen to podcasts with the best free podcasting app - built by listeners, for listeners. Request a paid placement 25% OFF FOR ALL BOOKINGS IN SEPTEMBER PODCAST DAY SPECIAL 25% OFF FOR ALL BOOKINGS IN SEPTEMBER PODCAST DAY SPECIAL 25% OFF FOR ALL BOOKINGS IN SEPTEMBER PODCAST DAY SPECIAL 25% OFF FOR ALL BOOKINGS IN SEPTEMBER PODCAST DAY SPECIAL Why Pocket Casts? Plans Advertise with us For Podcasters Support Forums Help Center Blog Forums Help Center Get the app Get the app Sign in Get the app Get the app Log in Download Pocket Casts Mobile Scan the QR code with your phone’s camera to download the app and start listening to your favourite podcasts. Beautifully designed. Feature rich. Yours. No matter how you listen to podcasts, Pocket Casts has you covered. Take a listen, and see for yourself. Google Play App Store The best. Now free. The world’s most powerful podcast platform, now available for free. Easy to use Our podcast player provides next-level listening, search and discovery tools. Curated by experts Find your next obsession with our hand curated podcast recommendations. Why Pocket Casts? When you’re ready to dive into the world of podcasting, it’s best to take a guide to show you the way. Pocket Casts will introduce you to content you’ll fall in love with, and help you manage it all with ease. Find out why people listen for longer and enjoy content more with Pocket Casts. Learn More Read all about it Simple yet multi-faceted “Pocket Casts is a simple yet multi-faceted podcast app, making it our pick for the best podcast app. It offers hand-curated podcast suggestions to make it a simple matter to discover new podcasts and episodes. There is a seemingly endless database of podcast episodes, both new and old, with easy management of your favorite podcasts, so you can access them that much faster. Plus, there are extra tools like the ability to switch from dark to light background, plus several different modes, like Slide Over, Split View, and Picture in Picture to simplify viewing.” The complete package “The interface is beautiful and clean and intuitive, and the discover page has featured shows, curated lists, and top charts to help you find new podcasts… It really is the complete package.” “It’s smart listening, made simple” Apple, App of the Day (June 14, 2019) App Store Google Play Get Support Read the Blog Product Why Pocket Casts? Pocket Casts Plans For Podcasters Company About Contact Us Privacy Notice for California Users Newsletter Sign up to receive news, app updates, interviews, and other exclusive info via email. An venture Privacy Terms of Use Instagram Twitter