Neos Kosmos - Greek News, Culture, Entertainment, Lifestyle and Sport Main navigation Login ΕΛΕΛ ΕλληνικάΕΛ Subscribe Now ΕλληνικάΕΛ News Features Life Sport Dialogue Support Your Neos Kosmos Support Your Neos Kosmos Subscribe Now Subscribe Read The Paper Login Username or Email Password Google Authenticator Code Remember me Lost your password? Not a member?Consider a Subscription or register to receive our Newsletters Main navigation Search Search News Features Life Sport Dialogue Facebook Twitter: @NeosKosmos Instagram Podcasts Subscribe Newsletters Contact Jobs Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of service © 2009-2024 Ethnic Publications Pty Ltd ABN 13005 255 087 News – 23 hrs ago Australian Federal Police commemorate 60 years of peacekeeping in Cyprus News – 19 hrs ago Greek Story Time lives on at Richmond Library News – 1 day ago Stella Cozamanis receives Governor’s Commendation Excellence Award News – 1 day ago Embracing Hellenic heritage: Greek family fun in Point Cook Features – 21 hrs ago Exploring the Greek legacy in Chile: Unveiling centuries of heritage Advertisement Life – 1 day ago Endometriosis – what it is and how to get treatment Endometriosis is a painful, common disease that affects around one in nine women. Some begin experiencing symptoms from as early as puberty, and most sufferers are diagnosed up to twelve … News – 21 hrs ago Greek same-sex marriage held under police protection News – 18 hrs ago John Kostoulias resigns as President of the Federation of Greek Elderly Citizens Clubs of Melbourne and Victoria News – 2 days ago Sydney’s excelling HSC Students of Greek celebrated in this year’s Dionysios Solomos Awards News – 2 days ago ‘I’m a fighter’: Pesutto pushes back on leadership talk News – 2 days ago Team Agapes’ International Women’s Day event raises $10,000 for domestic violence charity, Impact NEWSLETTER Get the best of Neos Kosmos delivered to your inbox Email* First Name* Last name* Edition* English edition Greek edition NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. News – 2 days ago Hellenic Women’s Federation of Victoria celebrates 20th anniversary and honours Sofia Mastoris OAM at International Women’s Day event News – 2 days ago King Charles, Camilla visit to Australia on the cards News – 2 days ago Can AI acquire the wisdom of Socrates? The importance of ancient philosophy in a modernising society News – 3 days ago Melbourne’s Halloumi Festival celebrates Cypriot heritage with food, dance, and music Features A Galaxy far, far away: Peruvian Greeks A journey through traffic, language barriers, and unexpected detours unveils the hidden Greek connection in Peru, from closed restaurants to mistaken villages – a tale of hospitality, confusion, and the distant echoes of Hellenic history Read More San Andres but not the one Billy was looking for. Photo: Supplied Show caption Advertisement Life & Culture Life – 19 hrs ago Opou Gis & Patris, second show added to Sunday in Melbourne Theatrical comedy Opou Gis & Patris comes to Melbourne this week, and due to popular demand, the Greek Community of Melbourne have announced an additional show for Sunday March 10. … News – 19 hrs ago Manasis School of Greek Dance and Culture to participate in Moomba Festival Parade Life – 2 days ago Face Off: Portraits – A photographic exhibition by Effy Alexakis and Yannis Dramitinos at the Greek Festival of Sydney Life – 2 days ago Sailing with the Wind of Freedom: Lascarina Bouboulis and the Greek War for Independence – A tale of courage and national unity News – 3 days ago Yanis Varoufakis kickstarts Australian tour in Adelaide Writers’ Week Life – 5 days ago Kastellorizo’s ninth annual Beyond Borders Festival inviting documentary makers from around the world NEWSLETTER Get the best of Neos Kosmos delivered to your inbox Email* First Name* Last name* Edition* English edition Greek edition PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Life – 6 days ago What’s On March 2-9: festivals, live music, fun for the kids and more News – 6 days ago Celebrating Greek culture at Pako Festa in Geelong Features – 28 Feb Chris Demos is done waiting by the pool Life – 27 Feb Award winning Greek film ‘Tailor’ to screen in Sydney this week Advertisement Dialogue Lorne Walker Watching Postecoglou: A Greek-Australian football journey from South Melbourne to the world stage 2 days ago Dean Kalimniou Diatribe: ΟΠΟΥ ΓΗΣ ΚΑΙ PATRIS 4 days ago Arunansh B. Goswami EU and Indian protests echo calls for agricultural reform 7 days ago Billy Cotsis Greek Colombians: A brave Griego move 25 Feb Sport Sport – 2 days ago PAOK storms into first place after AEK’s draw to Aris It is advantage PAOK in the title race after they managed to swoop in late and seize top spot following AEK’s draw with Aris. The Thessaloniki giants downed Lamia, though … Sport – 3 days ago Greece’s Tentoglou retains world indoor long jump title Sport – 4 days ago Postecoglou warns Spurs players of social media risks NEWSLETTER Get the best of Neos Kosmos delivered to your inbox Email* First Name* Last name* Edition* English edition Greek edition PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By subscribing you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Sport – 5 days ago De Minaur knocks off Tsitsipas to take semi-finals spot Advertisement Features Renan Goksin’s lens captures the vibrancy of Antipodes Festival [PHOTOS] Photographer Renan Goksin has again proven the timeless adage that a picture is worth a thousand words. Read More In rapture at the Aslanidou concert. Photo: Renan Goskin Show caption Recent Sponsored content Mission by Clelia Charissis – 6 days ago The oldest city in Greece: Mission to Argos with Clelia Charissis Inhabited for at least 5,000 years, Argos, the homeland of the Pelasgians, Heracles, and Perseus, today has all the qualities that make it a modern city but above all it … News – 1 min ago ‘Shameful’ Qantas fined $250k for standing down worker Qantas has been fined $250,000 after it was found guilty of breaching workplace health and safety laws and discriminatory conduct in standing down a worker for raising COVID-19 concerns. The … News – 47 mins ago Greece records warmest winter on record: expert Greece has recorded its warmest winter, a leading weather scientist said Tuesday. Kostas Lagouvardos, research director at the Athens national observatory, told AFP that winter temperatures in 2023-2024 on average … News – 2 hrs ago Telly Savalas’ family honoured with Greek citizenship in LA ceremony The eldest daughter of the late actor Telly Savalas, Christina Savalas Koussakis, her husband, John Peter Koussakis, and their children were awarded Greek citizenship at the Consulate of Greece in … News – 18 hrs ago John Tsalapatis on trial for fatal car crash in SA John Tsalapatis is standing trial in SA’s District Court this week for the alleged killing of Bernice Sternberg on March 28,2021 through his dangerous driving. The Greek-Australian has pleaded not … News – 22 hrs ago Greek EU deputy probed over voter data breach claims Greece’s data watchdog on Monday said it had begun an investigation after diaspora Greeks claimed they were sent unsolicited mail from an EU deputy ahead of the European Parliament elections. … Advertisement News – 2 days ago Alphington Grammar celebrates 35th anniversary with Twilight Family Festival Alphington Grammar celebrated its 35th anniversary with Twilight Family Festival, drawing over 2500 attendees from the school and local community, last Friday. The festival transformed the school grounds into a … Sport – 2 days ago NPL VIC Men: Fear and loathing in Templestowe What an incredible weekend it was for all the Victorian football fans out there! The excitement, the spectacle, the suspense – it was all there, making for yet another thrilling … News – 2 days ago Millions of welfare recipients to get boost in payments Australians on social security are set to receive more money in their pockets when payments are indexed. Those on the age pension, disability support pension and carer payment will pocket … 3 days ago 60 years in, UN peacekeepers vital for ‘precarious’ Cyprus divide In the heart of Nicosia’s walled Old City, two UN peacekeepers unlock a padlocked door and step back five decades. They are entering the buffer zone that separates Greek Cypriots … News – 3 days ago Food for Thought Network aims to “amplify impact” this International Women’s Day In a departure from previous years’ local events, the Food For Thought Network (FFTN) will be honouring this year’s International Women’s Day with a series of keynote addresses and active … Advertisement Page 1Page 2Page 3…Page 4,110Next » Advertisement