Tedium | An Offbeat Digital Newsletter About Archives Sponsor Us Subscribe to the best friggin’ newsletter. Internet obsessive Ernie Smith’s long dive towards the end of the long tail is still going strong, and the only thing missing is your inbox. Sign up to get missives from Tedium a few times a week. From the Tedium Archives: A conversation about Easter eggs hiding in software, why they’re fun, and why they might not always be seen as good things by IT admins. Follow on Mastodon Follow on Twitter Follow on Facebook Subscribe More Attention Ploys When The Ware Isn’t Firm A viral car review by tech-reviewing’s biggest name highlights the all-too-common pitfalls of shipping before the firmware is ready. Mar 04, 2024 Luster Lost Pondering the way that physical objects, like newspapers and photos, degrade over time, and why digital objects won’t fade in exactly the same way. Mar 02, 2024 “We made a bet on scale—and then watched that bet fail over and over again.” — From “Scale is a trap,” Ernie’s Nieman Lab prediction for 2024. Check it out! Dec 13, 2023 Missing The Human Touch Tech and creativity once had a symbiotic relationship in the push towards innovation. As generative content matures, it feels like they’re starting to diverge. And that’s bad for creative people. Feb 29, 2024 When Stewards Go Astray A pair of recent controversies around the tech-publishing giant Automattic raise an important question in my mind: Do we have to worry about the future of WordPress? Feb 28, 2024 Create For Yourself With disruption hitting the media industry acutely in 2024, now is the time to lean into owning your creative work. Have a say in your creative destiny. Feb 23, 2024 Losing The Buzz, Keeping The Heat BuzzFeed’s sale of Complex Networks (minus Hot Ones) shows how on the ropes the one-time media innovator really is. It feels reflective of the rest of the industry, too. Feb 22, 2024 Some format shifts: Hey all, just a heads-up that I’m going to move away from the two-long-pieces-per-week approach, in favor of a couple of short pieces and a long piece. This is partly to ease workload and partly to make the format less strict. I’ll bring in some ideas from some of my side projects to these shorter issues. Here’s an explanation as to why. Dec 13, 2023 Spammy Saturday A fediverse spam crisis highlights an inherent flaw in the decentralized social networking model: Some people are bad at updating and maintaining their apps. Feb 20, 2024 The Liaison How firmware became the layer between our hardware and software experiences. It was only sorta like Halt and Catch Fire. Feb 17, 2024 The Web App Switcheroo In its quest to do as little as possible to comply with the EU’s Digital Markets Act, Apple randomly kneecaps web apps. Also: Am I sending this newsletter to fake people? Feb 15, 2024 Read more in the Archives Subscribe Like what you're reading? Be sure to check out the front page of the website, too—it's full of cool stuff that you probably haven’t read yet. Tedium is a labor of love and appreciation. Is it weird to say we love the internet? Because at Tedium, we love the internet—as a source of never-ending research, a vessel for new ideas, and a great historical deep dive. Since 2015, we’ve been throwing two newsletters a week into inboxes the world over, and count more than 12,000 regular readers. And we’d like to keep it going a while longer, so help by sponsoring an issue or supporting us on Patreon. But please: No backlink requests. What is Tedium? | Support us on Patreon | Share your ideas! | Privacy Policy | Advertise With Us | RSS feed | Ernie on Mastodon Disclosure: From time to time, we may use affiliate links in our content—but only when it makes sense. Promise. P.S.: If you email me asking about doing a guest post or posting a backlink, you forfeit ownership of your site to me. Proudly built on Craft CMS using the Bulma framework. Copyright © 2015-2023 Tedium LLC. All rights reserved. Please, try the fish.