The Venus Project The Venus Project . About Mission History Personnel Partners Advisors Platforms Contacts Visit Concepts Vision Values Knowledge Problems & Predicaments Approaches & Responses Research Scenarios General World Scenarios Scenarios of Global Catastrophic Risk Venus Evolution Portfolio Current Projects Food & Agriculture Jacque Fresco Foundation Past Works By The Venus Project Learn FAQ Latest News Recommended Books, Films, and Videos Contribute Store My Account Donate Menu The Venus Project is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to designing human habitats that simultaneously enhance human well-being while remaining fit to the carrying capacity of Earth and local ecosystems, accommodating multiple resource scenarios and resilient to any catastrophic event. In service of this purpose, The Venus Project explores new construction methods, new sources of energy, and a new resource management paradigm for a humane and sustainable culture. The pioneering origins of The Venus Project extend far into history. As one of the earliest responses to the metacrisis, the history of work spans decades and hitherto represents a 90 year continuity. The Venus Project presents the culmination of decades of inquiry into the connection between global resource mismanagement and problems such as war, poverty, crime, climate change, and ecological destruction. In response to these challenges, The Venus Project harnesses a holistic design methodology, including interdisciplinarity and a systems approach, in combination with evolutionary mechanisms to renew human habitats and restore the natural environment. With a philosophy emphasizing connection and integration and prioritizing balance, we present a set of values and objectives that outline the conditions of success for a sustainable civilization. Above all, we assert that no civilization will prevail in the long-term without acknowledging that the enhancement of human wellbeing depends first on its alignment with nature. Despite energy and material constraints, with the wise application of the best of what we collectively already know, through science and technology, both in service of an unwavering devotion to ecology, we believe our hypotheses, if tested, offer the brightest prospect for an unparalleled positive impact. HIGHLIGHTS LATEST NEWS Honoring the Legacy of Jacque Fresco: Transcriptions of His Visionary Lectures Completed Growing Fish Feed: Protecting Our Health And The Oceans Banana Circles – Growing Far More In The Same Space Hanging Gardens Growing Diverse Healthy Food For A Neighborhood Building And Launching Our Integrated Aquaponics System Introducing The Venus Project Integrated Aquaponics System (#TVPIAS) in Kerala, India Mitigate Pandemics Through A Unified System: A Global Solution Canary in the Mine: A Thought on the Economic Crisis Thinking in Systems for Global Well-Being: A Thought on the COVID19 Pandemic VIEW ALL >> OUR NEXT STEP VENUS EVOLUTION The Venus Project fosters the convergence of design and evolution to develop transition strategies in response to overshoot. Learn More EXPLORE THE VENUS PROJECT Vision The Venus Project offers a systems approach to intelligently manage resources for all inhabitants, human and otherwise. READ MORE >> Values The Venus Project finds balance amid opposites. READ MORE >> Knowledge The Venus Project draws from a diverse knowledge set. READ MORE >> History The Venus Project continues work started decades ago. READ MORE >> REGISTER FOR A TOUR/SEMINAR Visit Roxanne Meadows at our Center in Venus, Florida Participate in a Seminar and go on a Tour around the Center. Get together with Roxanne and get all your questions about The Venus Project and Resource Based Economy answered. LEARN MORE & REGISTER >> Updates Get Involved Help With Fundraising Newsletter FEATURED IN Subscribe to our NewsletterGet news about our latest developments Social MediaAbout UsBoard of Directors Advisory Board Our Partners Financial Transparency Get InvolvedBecome a Volunteer Help With Fundraising Shareable Materials ContactContact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2024 The Venus Project | All rights reserved unless otherwise noted. 0 0 Your Cart Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop Continue Shopping