Homepage - Reactor Skip to content Advertisement Button Prev Answering Your Questions About Reactor: Right here. Sign up for our weekly newsletter. Everything in one handy email. When one looks in the box, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the cat. Button Next Science fiction. Fantasy. The universe. And related subjects. Latest Fiction icon-arrow-right Icon Arrow Down Icon Arrow Left Fiction All Fiction Original Fiction Excerpts Reprints Poetry Comics Featured Fiction Instar by Karen Heuler Evan: A Remainder by Jordan Kurella Liminal Spaces by Maureen McHugh Also, the Cat by Rachel Swirsky Columns Books Movies & TV Interests icon-arrow-right Icon Arrow Down Icon Arrow Left Interests Trending topics Trending television Fantasy Science Fiction books movies news rereads written word Excerpts book reviews Explore Interests Browse by Interests Brandon Sanderson Comfort Reads Doctor Who Dune Star Trek Tor.com Becoming Reactor Travis Baldree The Wheel of Time opens in a new window TPG Catalog Link Archive Contact Moderation Policy Submissions facebook opens in a new window Instagram opens in a new window Twitter Search Login Search for: Icon X Search Latest Fiction Columns Books Most Popular Columns Icon Arrow Left Star Trek: Enterprise Rewatch The SFF Bestiary Terry Pratchett Book Club Elantris Reread Reading the Weird Science Fiction Film Club Mark as Read The Great Superhero Movie Rewatch Five Books About... Reading The Wheel of Time Close Reads Tingle Takeover Guest Editor: R.F. Kuang Breathe FIYAH Rhythm of War by Brandon Sanderson Star Trek: Voyager Rewatch Lovecraft Reread The Great C.S. Lewis Reread Never Say You Can’t Survive To Sleep in a Sea of Stars by Christopher Paolini The Ursula K. Le Guin Reread Sleeps With Monsters Gideon the Ninth Reread Queering SFF George R.R. Martin’s Wild Cards: The Reread Wild Cards on Tor.com Oathbringer Reread That Was Awesome! Writers on Writing The Ruin of Kings by Jenn Lyons Rereading Gene Wolfe Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Rewatch HBO’s Game of Thrones Dragonriders of Pern Reread Barnes & Noble Bookseller’s Picks Rereading the Vorkosigan Saga The Mongolian Wizard Stories Reading Children of Blood and Bone Medieval Matters Good Omens Reread The Silmarillion Primer Genre in the Mainstream Reading V.E. Schwab’s Shades of Magic The Culture Reread Aurora Australis Movie Rewatch of Great Nostalgia Holy Rewatch Batman! Oathbringer by Brandon Sanderson Edgedancer Reread Great Stephen King Reread Revisiting the Hugos icon-arrow-right Movies & TV Dune Dune: Part Two Asks Questions That the Original Never Dared By Emmet Asher-Perrin March 4, 2024 Comment 7 Book Recommendations Fantasy 10 Iconic Fantasy Novels Ripe for Rediscovery By Holly Black March 4, 2024 Comment 36 Movies & TV Extraordinary The Funniest SFF TV Show You’re (Probably) Not Watching By Charlie Jane Anders March 4, 2024 Comment 5 Book Recommendations SFF Bestiary Tracking the North American Bigfooter: John O’Connor’s The Secret History of Bigfoot By Judith Tarr March 4, 2024 Comment 1 Movies & TV Science Fiction Film Club Introducing the Reactor Science Fiction Film Club! By Kali Wallace February 28, 2024 Comment 48 Featured Essays See All Featured Essays Featured Essays Babylon 5 Babylon 5 Was the Ultimate Exercise in Plotting vs. Pantsing By Tim Ford February 28, 2024 Comment 20 Featured Essays Dune Adapting Dune to the Screen: Three Different Interpretations of Herbert’s Vision By Kara Kennedy February 26, 2024 Comment 23 Featured Essays His Mother’s Monster: Percy Jackson’s Nuanced Take on Medusa By Leah Blaine February 22, 2024 Comment 4 See All Featured Essays News See More News News Dune: Part Two Leaving Spice on the Cutting Room Floor: We Won’t See Deleted Scenes (or Characters) from Dune: Part Two By Vanessa Armstrong March 4, 2024 News in remembrance Author Jaime Lee Moyer Has Passed Away By Vanessa Armstrong March 4, 2024 News Tales From the Void A Certain Subreddit Is Getting Adapted into a Horror Series By Vanessa Armstrong March 1, 2024 See More News Latest Discussions @chris has commented on 10 Iconic Fantasy Novels Ripe for Rediscovery @ChristopherLBennett has commented on What If Marvel’s What If…? Season 2 Gave Us Four Great Episodes, and Five OK Ones? @Daniel has commented on These Were the Voyages — Looking Back on 13 Years of Star Trek Rewatches @chris has commented on 10 Iconic Fantasy Novels Ripe for Rediscovery @notinuse has commented on These Were the Voyages — Looking Back on 13 Years of Star Trek Rewatches See All Discussions Message Not getting our (awesome) newsletter? The Reactor newsletter is the best way to catch up on the world of science fiction, fantasy, pop culture, and more! Sign Up Books See All Books Revealing Beth Revis’ Full Speed to a Crash Landing A sexy space heist from the author of the Across the Universe trilogy By Reactor March 5, 2024 Comment 0 Folk Horror, Romance, and Suspense: Tori Bovalino’s My Throat an Open Grave A review of Tori Bovalino's new YA horror novel. By Mahvesh Murad March 4, 2024 Tracking the North American Bigfooter: John O’Connor’s The Secret History of Bigfoot Every first-person account is essentially unreliable... By Judith Tarr March 4, 2024 Comment 1 10 Iconic Fantasy Novels Ripe for Rediscovery Someone please adapt these immediately. By Holly Black March 4, 2024 Comment 36 The Tainted Cup by Robert Jackson Bennett Is a Genre-Spanning Mystery Masterpiece A review of Robert Jackson Bennett's new fantasy/mystery novel. By Martin Cahill March 1, 2024 Comment 4 Read an Excerpt From Gwendolyn Kiste’s The Haunting of Velkwood A suburban ghost story about a small town that trapped three young women who must confront the p... By Gwendolyn Kiste February 29, 2024 Comment 0 The Epic and the Domestic: A Flame in the North by Lilith Saintcrow A review of the first book in Saintcrow's new Norse-inspired epic trilogy. By Liz Bourke February 29, 2024 Comment 2 Five SF Strategies for Creating More Land Is your planet running out of room? Science fiction offers a few suggestions... By James Davis Nicoll February 29, 2024 Comment 41 Revealing Horror for Weenies by Emily C. Hughes A new essay collection that offers a crash course in 25 iconic horror movies. By Reactor February 29, 2024 Comment 2 Read an Excerpt From Lee Mandelo’s The Woods All Black An Appalachian period piece that explores reproductive justice and bodily autonomy, the terrors... By Lee Mandelo February 28, 2024 Comment 0 Lost Girls, Found Women: King Nyx by Kirsten Bakis A review of Kirsten Bakis' long-awaited second novel. By Mahvesh Murad February 28, 2024 Comment 0 Square House, Door in Front: Kiera Lesley’s “Concerning the Upstairs Bathroom” Little Shop of Horrors meets The Good Place. By Ruthanna Emrys, Anne M. Pillsworth February 28, 2024 Comment 8 icon-arrow-left icon-arrow-right See All Books Movies & TV See All Movies & TV Movies & TV Dune Dune: Part Two Asks Questions That the Original Never Dared By Emmet Asher-Perrin March 4, 2024 Comment 7 Movies & TV Extraordinary The Funniest SFF TV Show You’re (Probably) Not Watching By Charlie Jane Anders March 4, 2024 Comment 5 Movies & TV Dune Arrakis, Tatooine, and the Science of Desert Planets By Alex Acks March 1, 2024 Comment 19 Featured Essays Babylon 5 Babylon 5 Was the Ultimate Exercise in Plotting vs. Pantsing By Tim Ford February 28, 2024 Comment 20 See All Movies & TV Original Fiction Our Award-Winning Original Stories Read free short fiction from sci-fi/fantasy from your favorite authors and brand new voices. Exclusively on Reactor. See All Fiction You Don’t Belong Where You Don’t Belong With her friends vanishing and her home planet of Ayeshij crushed under the weight of occupation... By Kemi Ashing-Giwa February 28, 2024 Comment 1 Nine Billion Turing Tests In a post-nuclear event Silicon Valley, a man grieving the loss of his wife struggles to find co... By Chris Willrich February 21, 2024 Comment 13 Instar Searching for her daughter, a woman confronts the man she believes stole the child...and the str... By Karen Heuler February 7, 2024 Comment 4 Evan: A Remainder Evan is suddenly coughing up bones, like, A LOT of bones, but that’s not even in the top ten str... By Jordan Kurella January 31, 2024 Comment 2 Liminal Spaces An engineer who frequently travels for her job, suddenly finds herself in airports other than th... By Maureen McHugh January 17, 2024 Comment 8 Also, the Cat Even death is no match for a trio of elderly, stubborn, ever-sparring sisters, who refuse to res... By Rachel Swirsky January 10, 2024 Comment 2 All of Tor.com’s Original Short Fiction Published in 2023 We have so much to celebrate as we look back on 2023! In July, Tor.com marked its 15th anniversa... By Tor.com December 18, 2023 Comment 3 The Sound of Reindeer Ada's holiday trip to meet her girlfriend's family becomes a bit more fraught than usual when sh... By Lyndsie Manusos December 13, 2023 Comment 1 Icon Arrow Left icon-arrow-right See All Fiction All Articles Book Recommendations cover reveal Revealing Beth Revis’ Full Speed to a Crash Landing By Reactor March 5, 2024 Comment 0 News Dune: Part Two Leaving Spice on the Cutting Room Floor: We Won’t See Deleted Scenes (or Characters) from Dune: Part Two By Vanessa Armstrong March 4, 2024 News in remembrance Author Jaime Lee Moyer Has Passed Away By Vanessa Armstrong March 4, 2024 Book Recommendations book review Folk Horror, Romance, and Suspense: Tori Bovalino’s My Throat an Open Grave By Mahvesh Murad March 4, 2024 Rereads and Rewatches Star Trek These Were the Voyages — Looking Back on 13 Years of Star Trek Rewatches By Keith R.A. DeCandido March 4, 2024 Comment 22 Movies & TV Dune Dune: Part Two Asks Questions That the Original Never Dared By Emmet Asher-Perrin March 4, 2024 Comment 7 Load More Articles pause background Pause play background Play Not getting our (awesome) newsletter? The Reactor newsletter is the best way to catch up on the world of science fiction, fantasy, pop culture, and more! facebook opens in a new window Instagram opens in a new window Twitter Read Icon Accordion Down Icon Accordion Up Read Fiction Columns Books Movies & TV opens in a new window TPG Catalog Link Learn Icon Accordion Down Icon Accordion Up Learn Our Story FAQ Moderation Policy Authors Contact Icon Accordion Down Icon Accordion Up Contact Contact Us Submissions Advertise With Us “There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.” C.S. Lewis, The Voyage Of The Dawn Treader Icon Back To Top Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices TPG 2024 • Site Credit For compliance with applicable privacy laws: Are you between 13-15 years old? No Yes