Affinity – Professional Creative Software Skip to main content Please enable JavaScript You must enable JavaScript to fully view this webpage. If it is not enabled, your experience will be limited and you will be unable to purchase products, complete forms or load images and videos. Version 2.4 is here – learn what’s new in our latest update! We are Affinity. Award-winning photo editing, graphic design and page layout software for Mac, Windows & iPad. Impressively fast and remarkably smooth All the tools you need without the bloat One shared file format for a seamless workflow Built with the latest tech, for the latest tech Fully featured across all platforms No subscription needed The top choice of thousands of illustrators, designers, game developers and other pros, this vector graphics software can be used to create digital illustrations, concept art, unique graphics, logos, brand designs, web mock-ups and so much more. More info - about Affinity Designer As the only fully-loaded photo editor integrated across macOS, Windows and iPad, Affinity Photo 2 is fast becoming the industry standard for image editing – perfect for everything from basic edits and retouching to creating impressive multilayer photo compositions. More info - about Affinity Photo Whether you’re creating magazines, posters, newsletters, bid documents, brochures or other materials, this groundbreaking page layout app gives you the power to combine your images, graphics and text to produce stunning publications of the highest quality. More info - about Affinity Publisher Affinity V2 Universal Licence Get Version 2 of Affinity Designer, Affinity Photo and Affinity Publisher on all operating systems, including iPad, for one low bundle price. All apps. All platforms. No subscription. US$164.99 One-off payment | incl. tax Buy now - Universal Licence Free trial - Universal Licence Upgrade from V1 - Universal Licence Affinity Designer 2 | macOS Affinity Designer 2 | Windows Affinity Designer 2 | iPadOS Affinity Photo 2 | macOS Affinity Photo 2 | Windows Affinity Photo 2 | iPadOS Affinity Publisher 2 | macOS Affinity Publisher 2 | Windows Affinity Publisher 2 | iPadOS More than 3,000,000 users worldwide Since its inception, Affinity has gained the trust of professionals across the globe and picked up some of the industry’s most prestigious awards. It’s now being used by more than three million users (and counting!), delivering a next-level experience for photographers, designers, artists, architects, students, teachers, publishers, hobbyists and others looking for top tier creative software without sky-high subscription fees. StudioLink: the most seamless workflow ever conceived in a creative suite From within Affinity Publisher, you can instantly access the advanced toolsets of Affinity Designer and Affinity Photo without ever leaving your layout thanks to the world-first StudioLink technology. No more app switching, file format conversion or frustration – it‘s the biggest gamechanger to the creative workflow in years! No subscription. Version 2 of the Affinity apps are available to buy with a one-time payment. This not only gets you the latest and greatest versions of Affinity, but you will also receive free updates (such as the recent 2.1 update) until such a time Version 3 is released! We offer incredibly flexible licensing options – either pick and choose which apps you want, or opt for the Universal Licence and get the whole suite on all platforms for one low price. Purchase options Business and education Creative software has now become essential for the workplace and the classroom. We work closely with educators, business leaders and other professionals across the globe to help them get started with Affinity. If you’re interested in purchasing for your business or educational institution, see our dedicated pages for further details. Business Education By creatives, for creatives Embedded in our ethos is a focus on customer experience and community. We’re constantly striving to improve our apps, using initiatives like the Affinity beta program to gain valuable feedback from our users and ensure future updates address what you really want. We also regularly share a variety of content on our website and other platforms, providing informative resources on our Learn pages, insightful articles on Affinity Spotlight and creative sessions on YouTube for anyone looking for some inspiration. Additionally, our Affinity Store houses a range of brush packs and other add-ons to help you enhance your work, and we’re always updating our collection to offer you the best tools. So whether you’re an existing Affinity customer interested in upgrading from V1 or have just discovered us, we hope you’ll find everything you need for your creative process. Our Apps Affinity Designer 2 Affinity Photo 2 Affinity Publisher 2 What’s New Purchase Options Upgrade from V1 Beta Software Program Add-ons Volume Licensing Business Education Company About Us Press Newsroom Press Kits Contact Careers We’re hiring! Help & Support Learn FAQ Affinity Spotlight Forum Store & Account Help Returns & Refunds Information Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Follow us Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram TikTok Threads United Kingdom - English © 2024 Serif (Europe) Ltd, All rights reserved “Serif” and “Affinity” are both registered trademarks of Serif Europe Ltd. Apple, the Apple logo, MacBook Pro, iPad, and iMac are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Microsoft, Windows, and the Windows logo are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. This browser is no longer supported. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Find out more.