Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation | Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Unsupported browser detected Your browser appears to be unsupported. Because of this, portions of the site may not function as intended. Please install a current version of Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari for a better experience. Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation CEO Mark Suzman: Philanthropy’s big opportunity Read the 2024 Gates Foundation Annual Letter CEO Mark Suzman: Philanthropy’s big opportunity Read the 2024 Gates Foundation Annual Letter Trending topics Article How a new anti-fraud software can help millions more people bank safely Article Four things to know about the single-dose HPV vaccine Place India FAQ Article Expert Q&A: How India took on a deadly neglected tropical disease Ideas Learn more about Ideas Read the latest stories, research, and news from across the foundation. The compassionate doctor Kenyan doctor Loice Achieng Ombajo helps patients—and her entire country—find answers during times of medical crisis. Your questions for CEO Mark Suzman, answered (2024 edition) By Mark Suzman CEO, Board Member, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Subscribe to The Optimist to get weekly updates on the latest in global health, gender equality, education, and more. Subscribe to The Optimist to get weekly updates on the latest in global health, gender equality, education, and more. Email address Please enter a valid email address Subscribe By submitting your email to subscribe, you agree to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation's Privacy & Cookies Notice Videos See all videos What does Women’s Economic Power mean? Why we must go beyond empowerment programs and build economic systems that work for women. A scientist uses AI to give Africans control of their health Darlington Akogo, Founder & CEO of minoHealth AI Labs, discusses how his product can save lives with a “digital doctor.” Bill Gates talks with polio survivors Why is polio eradication important? On his recent trip to Brussels, Bill Gates sat down with polio survivors and their families (hosted by Jacob Beautemps from Breaking Lab) to learn about their experiences with this preventable disease. Foundation facts For the year ended December 31, 2022. Amount in U.S. dollars. 1,960 Number of grants $7.0B Total charitable support 1,217 Grantees 41 Program strategies 1,818 Employees More about the foundation Our role For 20 years, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has been committed to fighting the greatest inequities in the world. Learn more How we work We are focused on results. Those that can be measured. And those measured in ways beyond numbers. Learn more Our story Learn about the origins of the foundation and the values that drive our work. Learn more We are a nonprofit fighting poverty, disease, and inequity around the world. About Our work Ideas About Our work Ideas Contact Media Center Careers Discovery Center Give with us Goalkeepers Reporting scams Ethics reporting Privacy & Cookies Notice Terms of Use Brand guidelines 1991-2024 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. All rights reserved.