Home - WOAH - World Organisation for Animal Health Direct access to content Direct access to research Direct access to menu Menu Search enfres Codes and Manuals Publications Documentary Portal Training Platform ANIMUSE Bookshop Cart My account enfres Animal Diseases Avian Influenza Share your anniversary wish Search Who we areToggle submenu Back to menuWho we areWe are the global authority on animal health. Founded in 1924 as the Office International des Epizooties (OIE), in May 2003 we adopted the common name World Organisation for Animal Health. An intergovernmental organisation, we focus on transparently disseminating information on animal diseases, improving animal health globally and thus build a safer, healthier and more sustainable world Mission Strategy Structure Members Collaborate with us What we doToggle submenu Back to menuWhat we doWe work to improve animal health and welfare across the globe. By collecting, analysing and disseminating veterinary scientific information, we encourage international solidarity in the control of animal health risks. Furthermore, we work across borders to foster a One Health approach, recognising that the health of animals, humans and the environment are interdependent. Animal Health and WelfareToggle submenu Back to menu Animal Diseases Disease Data Collection Animal Welfare Wildlife Health Official Disease Status StandardsToggle submenu Back to menu Codes and Manuals Standard-Setting Process Observatory Global InitiativesToggle submenu Back to menu Disease Eradication Antimicrobial resistance One Health Biological threat reduction Food Safety Publications What we offerToggle submenu Back to menuWhat we offerWe oversee various programmes, both cross-sectoral ones and those focused on specific needs, to improve the capacities of Veterinary Services and Aquatic Animal Health Services. These programmes are designed to empower and guide countries in the development and implementation of sustainable national plans which go well beyond purely veterinary matters. Improving Veterinary ServicesToggle submenu Back to menu PVS Pathway Vaccine banks Expertise Network Safe Trade and Movement of Animals Self-declared Disease Status Veterinary products Emergency Preparedness Our 100th AnniversaryToggle submenu Back to menuOur 100th AnniversaryCelebrating 100 years of WOAH’s unwavering commitment to global animal health—a legacy of collaboration, innovation, and progress. Join us in honouring WOAH’s past, embracing the present, and charting a sustainable future. WOAH turns 100: A century of improving animal health and welfare Share your anniversary wish Wall of anniversary wishes A century strong: our history The anniversary around the world MediaToggle submenu Back to menuMediaFind information related to the animal disease situation in the world, as well to the work of the Organisation. News Events WAHIS Use the search engine below to find a specific content. Search Latest disease alerts WOAH turns 100: A century of improving animal health and welfare Celebrating 100 years of WOAH’s unwavering commitment to global animal health—a legacy of collaboration, innovation, and progress. Join us in honouring WOAH’s past, embracing the present, and charting a sustainable future. Learn more Latest news See all 100th Anniversary, Press Release The World Organisation for Animal Health turns 100: A century of improving animal health and welfare Highlight Published on 25/01/2024 News WOAH releases its first thematic study as part of the Observatory Published on 22/02/2024 Joint Press Release Global research network propels Peste des petits ruminants eradication initiatives forward Published on 05/02/2024 Statements Avian influenza vaccination: why it should not be a barrier to safe trade Published on 28/12/2023 Stories Article Engaging Indonesian Media in the Fight against Antimicrobial Resistance Article GBADs programme: empowering decision-making on livestock health through comprehensive data in Ethiopia Article EBO-SURSY Radio betters community’s relationship with veterinarians Article Safeguarding livestock during seasonal movements Article Singapore: improving food security through compartmentalisation Success Story Namibia’s battle against rabies: a One Health success story Article The wide-ranging impacts of El Niño on wildlife and animal health Article Animal health emergencies: Building preparedness through simulation exercises Article, General Session WOAH Members adopt a revised standard on BSE Article, General Session WOAH updates equine standards to reduce obstacles to the movement of competition horses Article, General Session Trends in the use of veterinary vaccines: the case of rabies and PPR Article, General Session Sharing expertise to rethink avian influenza prevention and control efforts Success Story The PVS Pathway reports: tools for advocacy Annual Report, 2022 “The veterinary workforce plays a key role in the global One Health agenda” Annual Report, 2022 Animal transport: implementing welfare regulations in the field Annual Report, 2022 Empowering veterinary paraprofessionals through education Success Story Involving the private sector to upscale livestock vaccination Annual Report, 2022 Early-warning systems: modeling the spread of vector-borne diseases Annual Report, 2022 Field simulation trainings to support emergency preparedness Annual Report, 2022 Expertise network: “We are the eyes and ears on animal influenza” Annual Report, 2022 Protecting wildlife health by enhancing surveillance systems Annual Report, 2022 Capacity building: scaling up WOAH’s digital support for the veterinary workforce Annual Report, 2022 ANIMUSE: monitoring antimicrobial use in animals Article How WOAH International Standards contribute to boosting trade: the case of Namibia Article Animal health through an economic lens Article Remaining on alert: how monkeypox could spread back to animals from humans Article Turning the tide in aquatic animal diseases with better surveillance Article Stepping up dog population management to achieve rabies elimination Article Egg prices on the rise: the effects of animal diseases Article Prevention is better than a cure: delivering quality vaccines to stop the spread of animal diseases Article Building resilience against agro-terrorism and agro-crime Article Enhancing veterinary laboratory capacity in COVID-19’s wake through the first-ever virtual WOAH PVS mission Article Ten years on, Rinderpest eradication highlights the value of vaccines 2024 Photo Competition is open! WOAH has created a global photo competition to spotlight the crucial work carried out by animal health and welfare actors worldwide. The competition highlights significant efforts taken to protect animal health and promote animal welfare through the implementation of WOAH’s standards. Grab your camera and start taking your photos. Submissions close on 18 March 2024. Learn more Animal Diseases See all Listed Disease Listed Diseases Avian Influenza Type of animals Terrestrials, Avian Useful links Chapter 10.4. Infection with High Pathogenicity Avian Influenza Viruses Chapter 3.3.4. Avian Influenza (Including infection with High Pathogenicity Avian Influenza Viruses) Listed Disease Listed Diseases Nipah virus Type of animals Terrestrials, Swine Useful links Chapter 3.1.15. Nipah and Hendra virus diseases Listed Disease Listed Diseases Rabies Type of animals Terrestrials, Multiple species Useful links Chapter 5.11. Model veterinary certificate for international movement of dogs, cats and ferrets originating from countries considered infected with rabies Chapter 3.1.18. Infection with rabies virus and other lyssaviruses MPox (monkeypox) Type of animals Terrestrials, Other animals Listed Disease Listed Diseases, With Official Disease Status Peste des petits ruminants Type of animals Terrestrials, Sheep and goats Useful links Chapter 14.7. Infection with Peste des Petits Ruminants virus Chapter 3.8.9. Peste des petits ruminants (infection with small ruminant morbillivirus) Listed Disease Listed Diseases, With Official Disease Status Foot and mouth disease Type of animals Terrestrials, Multiple species Useful links Chapter 8.8. Infection with Foot And Mouth Disease virus Chapter 3.1.8. Foot and Mouth Disease (Infection with Foot and Mouth Disease virus) Listed Disease Listed Diseases African swine fever Type of animals Terrestrials, Swine Useful links Chapter 15.1. Infection with African Swine Fever Virus Chapter 3.8.1 African Swine Fever (Infection with African Swine Fever Virus) Working across borders to foster a One Health approach to global health. The health of animals and the environment strongly depend on human activities. See more One Health The “One Health” approach summarises a concept that has been known for more than a century; that human, animal and plant health are interdependent and bound to the health of the ecosystems in which they exist. We envisage and implement it as a collaborative, whole of society, whole of government approach to understanding, anticipating and addressing risks to global health. Discover Antimicrobial resistance Imagine a world where infections and diseases in humans, animals and plants are impossible to treat. This worst-case scenario could become a reality as bacteria, viruses and parasites develop resistance to the drugs we use to fight them. Antimicrobial resistance, or AMR, has become one of the most pressing health issues of our time. Solutions exist and everyone has a role to play in the fight against this global threat. Discover Disease Data Collection The World Animal Health Information System (WAHIS) is the global reference platform for the publication of official data on epidemiologically important diseases in domestic and wild animals. The data tracks the evolution of diseases, assists in trade and policy decisions, and informs research. Discover Animal Welfare Animal welfare is a complex and multi-faceted subject with scientific, ethical, economic, cultural, social, religious and political dimensions. It is attracting growing interest from civil society and is one of the priorities of the World Organisation for Animal Health (WOAH). Discover Aquatic animals Aquatic animals play a key role in achieving a more prosperous and secure world, contributing to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Discover Science based publications See all Guidelines, Publication Practical Guidelines for National Procurement of Veterinary Vaccines .pdf – 2 MB See the document Publication Safe commodity assessments for listed aquatic animal diseases (2023) .pdf – 1 MB See the document Guidance, Handbook, Guidelines, Manual, Co-Publication Pharmacovigilance manual .pdf – 974 KB See the document Publication, Report An Overview of the Futures Literacy Laboratory on 'The Futures of Climate Responses, 2040 .pdf – 2 MB See the document Report, Co-Publication GF-TADs: GCC-FMD Meeting Report .pdf – 3 MB See the document Publication, Co-Publication Rinderpest and its eradication .pdf – 47 MB See the document Publication, Co-Publication, Report, Annual 2021 ANNUAL REPORT – Global control of African swine fever: a GF-TADs initiative .pdf – 3 MB See the document Report, Co-Publication GF-TADs: GSC12 Meeting Report .pdf – 888 KB See the document Report, Co-Publication GF-TADs: GSC12 Activity Report .pdf – 9 MB See the document Report, Co-Publication GF-TADs: GSC11 Activity Report .pdf – 3 MB See the document Newsletter The monthly newsletter that relays news from the World Organisation for Animal Health (WOAH), as well as from its network and regions. News includes its Members’ self-declarations, articles, upcoming events, publications, communication tools and more. Subscribe to the monthly newsletter and stay informed on the organisation’s latest activities at both global and regional levels. Subscribe Regions Africa Americas Asia and the pacific Europe Middle East WOAH Contact Career Procurement Follow us facebook twitter linkedin instagram youtube flickr Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright © World Organisation for Animal Health 2023 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. Cookies settings Accept all Reject allCookies policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescription__cfduid1 monthThe cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information.viewed_cookie_policy1 yearThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. CookieDurationDescription_gat_UA-190436238-11 minuteNo description_gat_UA-27210936-11 minuteNo description_pk_id.2.ece21 year 27 daysNo description_pk_ses.2.ece230 minutesNo description_pk_testcookie.2.ece2sessionNo descriptionCONSENT16 years 8 months 2 days 15 hoursNo descriptionoKBJgxZFRjc-1 dayNo descriptionXxhSHVdnPFQD1 dayNo description Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. CookieDurationDescriptionIDE1 year 24 daysUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesThis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. CookieDurationDescription_gasessionThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gid1 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. CookieDurationDescription__cf_bm30 minutesThis cookie is set by CloudFare. The cookie is used to support Cloudfare Bot Management.langThis cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.pll_language1 yearThis cookie is set by Polylang plugin for WordPress powered websites. The cookie stores the language code of the last browsed page. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. CookieDurationDescriptionYSCsessionThis cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. Save & Accept