M1 Singapore | Mobiles, Phone Plans, Fibre Broadband 📱 | M1 Personal Business Personal Business Mobile Phone Brands Apple Samsung Huawei OPPO vivo Xiaomi Nothing ZTE SIM-only Plan 200GB SIM-only Plan 150GB SIM-only Plan Esim Plan Promo Phone Plan Bespoke Flexi $0 deals Device with Contract Buy now pay later TradeUp Corporate Individual SIM-only Device with Contract Bundled Roaming Plan Promotions Prepaid Prepaid SIM Top Up Social Packs Data Packs Tourist SIM Add-ons & Services True 5G Mobile Add-ons Postpaid Roaming International Calls IDD 021 Saver Auction Numbers Special Benefits Sunriser Rewards Promotions NumberShare Bespoke Family Plan Multi-Service Saver Corporate Individual SAFRA Seniors Others Maxx Home Broadband Plans 500Mbps 1Gbps 2Gbps GamePRO 1Gbps Devices Routers Entertainment Fixed Voice Special Benefits Promotions Multi-Service Saver SAFRA Travel Postpaid Roaming Daily Passport Data Passport Unlimited Data Roaming Prepaid Roaming Tourist SIM Digital Services Entertainment Eazie TV Zolaz Cloud Gaming Viu TVBAnywhere+ Security FoneCare+ Cyber Guardian Mobile Devices Finance Citi M1 Card Direct Carrier Billing App Store & more Google Play Microsoft and Xbox Deals Mobile Prepaid Home Broadband Others About Us About Us Board of Directors Senior Management Corporate Governance Community Relations Sustainability Reports Awards Media Centre Media Releases Media Contacts Careers Departments Scholarships and Internships Blog Maxx Mobile Phone Brands Apple Samsung Huawei OPPO vivo Xiaomi Nothing ZTE SIM-only Plan 200GB SIM-only Plan 150GB SIM-only Plan Esim Plan Promo Phone Plan Bespoke Flexi $0 deals Device with Contract Buy now pay later TradeUp Corporate Individual SIM-only Device with Contract Bundled Roaming Plan Promotions Prepaid Prepaid SIM Top Up Social Packs Data Packs Tourist SIM Add-ons & Services True 5G Mobile Add-ons Postpaid Roaming International Calls IDD 021 Saver Auction Numbers Special Benefits Sunriser Rewards Promotions NumberShare Bespoke Family Plan Multi-Service Saver Corporate Individual SAFRA Seniors Others Maxx Home Broadband Plans 500Mbps 1Gbps 2Gbps GamePRO 1Gbps Devices Routers Entertainment Fixed Voice Special Benefits Promotions Multi-Service Saver SAFRA Travel Postpaid Roaming Daily Passport Data Passport Unlimited Data Roaming Prepaid Roaming Tourist SIM Digital Services Entertainment Eazie TV Zolaz Cloud Gaming Viu TVBAnywhere+ Security FoneCare+ Cyber Guardian Mobile Devices Finance Citi M1 Card Direct Carrier Billing App Store & more Google Play Microsoft and Xbox Deals Mobile Prepaid Home Broadband Others About Us About Us Board of Directors Senior Management Corporate Governance Community Relations Sustainability Reports Awards Media Centre Media Releases Media Contacts Careers Departments Scholarships and Internships Blog Maxx Locator Login Cart Search On Bespoke Plan? Download My M1+ App For all other plans Manage My Account Corporate ID Login Bills and Payment My M1 App Megadeals is back! At only $16.15/mth you get 150GB with True 5G and unlimited weekend data! What more could you ask for? T&Cs apply. Sign Up Now mega handset deal: Galaxy S24 Ultra​ Get the latest Galaxy S24 Ultra at $200 OFF on Bespoke Flexi today. Offer ends 24 Mar. T&Cs apply.​ Learn More unmatched connectivity Celebrate the arrival of Megadeals with a fantastic offer! Dive into the excitement with our exclusive 1Gbps fibre promotion at just $36.84/mth, including a complimentary Wifi 6 router (U.P. $40.65/mth)! Plus, enjoy a bonus 30-days free Eazie TV subscription! ​ Sign Up Now get a free OSIM massager (worth $199) with 200GB SIM-Only line + 1 family line (40GB) at only $30.27/mth today! M1 Shop exclusive. T&Cs apply. Learn More save big on iPhone 15 Pro Max​ Bring it home today at $134 OFF on Bespoke Flexi today. Offer ends 24 Mar. T&Cs apply.​ Learn More all new, all yours at $0 Get the all-new iPhone at $0 upfront. Buy Now Learn More lowest monthly payment. guaranteed. save up to $900 and get $0 upfront on Bespoke Flexi. Buy Now Learn More get the phone you want, on your terms Online Exclusive Browse Devices share more than 400GB from just $6.00 Bigger savings now with Bespoke Family plan Learn More M1 plans now with True 5G for better connections Learn More next level adventure Get the all new Apple Watch Ultra 2 at $100 off on Bespoke Flexi. Learn more supercharged by M2​ Now available with True 5G. Learn More the portrait expert Get the latest OPPO Reno Series today! Learn More masterpiece in sight Get the New Xiaomi 13T Pro today! Learn More now open at Compass One Drop by our new M1 Shop Compass One #01-11 today and enjoy exclusive opening promotions! Learn More protect yourself against scams Learn More M1 - The Telco With The Best Network Experience in Singapore As the most vibrant and dynamic telecommunications company in Singapore, we’ve earned plenty of accolades. Since 1997, we have been transforming and evolving the world of telecommunications with cutting-edge technology and made-to-measure solutions. Today, we are a fully-fledged digital services provider offering a suite of mobile, broadband and home network solutions. With individual lifestyles come different consumption patterns. That’s why we’ve put together tailored packages with a variety of personalisation options - whatever your needs, you’re bound to find a plan suitable for you. We’re not just a telecommunications service provider - we take the leap further to create personalised experiences so you get the best value of the money with our awesome deals and exclusive customer privileges! A telco you can trust, M1 is your one-stop solution for all your digital connectivity needs in Singapore. Made-to-Measure Mobile Plans for Greater Personalisation Snap up a new release with a contract-free Bespoke Flexi Plan. Choose the amount of data and talk time you need, with the option to make changes every month to suit your usage. Pay how much you wish upfront for your device too, from as low as $0, and decide on your ideal payment period between 12 and 36 months. No worries about any processing fees nor interest charges either - you pay exactly the price you signed with us. If a SIM Plan is what you’re after, find the best value with M1. With a fully flexible mobile package, go contract-free with the Bespoke SIM-Only Plan and make changes to your data and call minutes from month-to-month. Conveniently track your bills and adjust your monthly allowances with the My M1+ app so your bills always remain within budget. Drop in some add-ons from our expansive range too, from unlimited weekend data to a 5G Access pack! You can also put together a personalised plan with M1’s Bespoke Contract Plan - select from a range of base plans and enjoy data bundles and add-ons suited to your usage and budget. It’s easy to switch to M1 from any telco in Singapore, so choose your ideal plan with us today! Broadband for Every Home Enjoy supersonic speeds with the M1 Fibre Broadband without breaking the bank! Get rid of lag when you opt for 500 Mbps or 1Gbps fibre broadband speed. Avid gamers can enjoy extra leverage with our GamePRO 1Gbps package that promises prioritisation in traffic, seamless connectivity to international servers and smoother gameplay all day long. Never miss an opportunity to upgrade your smart home when you power it up with M1’s range of smart networking solutions. With Wi-Fi 6 routers, you can experience the new era of home Wi-Fi and top-notch performance. Sign up for any of our 1 Gbps Fibre Broadband plans and get a Wi-fi 6 router for free. If you’re looking to eliminate Wi-Fi dead spots once and for all, our selection of Wi-Fi mesh systems is just the solution for you. Homeowners taking steps towards building a connected home can even choose from a suite of smart home packages with add-ons. Frequently Asked Questions about M1 What makes M1 unique? Being the first digital network service provider, we remain at the forefront of delivering exactly what our customers need - and that is personalisation. Our suite of bespoke solutions and level of customisability is exactly what our brand is all about! Which is the best M1 mobile plan? For the best personalised experience, go for the contract-free Bespoke Flexi and Bespoke SIM-Only plans, in which you can make changes from month-to-month. Alternatively, opt for our Bespoke Contract Plan, which features plenty of personalisation options too. How do I sign up for an M1 plan? Signing up for an M1 plan is easy online. Select your preferred bespoke mobile plan, choose how much data, talk time and the add-ons you need, and check out with a new or an existing number. Our fibre broadband plans are available for online purchase too. For more assistance, feel free to get in touch with our customer service team. TOP Mobile SIM only Plan Phone Plan Corporate Individual Prepaid Add-ons & Services Special Benefits Home Broadband Plans Devices Fixed Voice Special Benefits Travel Postpaid Roaming Prepaid Roaming Tourist SIM Digital Services Entertainment Security Finance Utilities Direct Carrier Billing Deals Mobile Prepaid Home Broadband Others My Account My M1 App Manage Account Bills & Payments Rewards About Us Media Centre Careers Blog Support FAQ Terms and Conditions Data Protection Policy User Guides Contact Us Contractor’s information Security Alerts Report Vulnerability Mobile SIM only Plan Phone Plan Corporate Individual Prepaid Add-ons & Services Special Benefits Home Broadband Plans Devices Fixed Voice Special Benefits Travel Postpaid Roaming Prepaid Roaming Tourist SIM Digital Services Entertainment Security Finance Utilities Direct Carrier Billing Deals Mobile Prepaid Home Broadband Others My Account My M1 App Manage Account Bills & Payments Rewards About Us Media Centre Careers Blog Support FAQ Terms and Conditions Data Protection Policy User Guides Contact Us Contractor’s information Security Alerts Report Vulnerability