Home | Museum of Science Skip to main content Log in Donate Shop Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Search Get Tickets Get Tickets Search Close Modal Search the Museum Submit Search Trending Topics Climate Change Engineering Space Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Main navigation Discover Something New Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Back By Topic Space Animals Climate Change Life Science Artificial Intelligence Engineering Women In STEM By Media Type Articles Podcasts Videos By Series Everyday Awesome Genes in Action Pulsar Science Hacks Spacing Out Newsletters Earthshift Spacing Out That's Life Centers for Public Science Learning Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Visit the Museum Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Back Todays Schedule Plan Your Trip Pricing & Hours Directions Museum Map Digital Guide Code of Conduct Accessibility Eating at the Museum Ways to Save Visitor FAQ Exhibits Immersive Theaters All Theaters 4-D Films Omni Films Planetarium Shows Live Presentations & Activities Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Explore Events Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Back All Events SubSpace: Adult Experiences Member Events Private Events & Rentals Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Teaching STEM Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Back Plan a Field Trip Explore Pre-K - 8 Curriculum Access Educator Resources Professional Learning Communities Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Join Our Community Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Back Become a Member Annual Giving Societies Make a Gift Volunteer Corporate and Foundation Engagement Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Main navigation Discover Something New Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Back By Topic Space Animals Climate Change Life Science Artificial Intelligence Engineering Women In STEM By Media Type Articles Podcasts Videos By Series Everyday Awesome Genes in Action Pulsar Science Hacks Spacing Out Newsletters Earthshift Spacing Out That's Life Centers for Public Science Learning Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Visit the Museum Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Back Todays Schedule Plan Your Trip Pricing & Hours Directions Museum Map Digital Guide Code of Conduct Accessibility Eating at the Museum Ways to Save Visitor FAQ Exhibits Immersive Theaters All Theaters 4-D Films Omni Films Planetarium Shows Live Presentations & Activities Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Explore Events Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Back All Events SubSpace: Adult Experiences Member Events Private Events & Rentals Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Teaching STEM Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Back Plan a Field Trip Explore Pre-K - 8 Curriculum Access Educator Resources Professional Learning Communities Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Join Our Community Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Back Become a Member Annual Giving Societies Make a Gift Volunteer Corporate and Foundation Engagement Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Log in Donate Shop Close Modal Proving that Hope is Sustainable Earthshot We can live sustainably on Earth. Learn how, as the Museum of Science explores the most innovative climate solutions of our times and how they affect the ways we live, move, eat, and work. Explore Earthshot Image The Heart of New England The Heart of New England Immerse yourself in the seasons, landscapes, traditions, and innovations of this iconic region through the perspectives of those who call it home. Learn More Image Changing Landscapes: An Immersive Journey Changing Landscapes Visit four UNESCO World Heritage Sites! Our immersive new exhibit transports you to iconic spots around the globe where people are acting together to adapt to a changing climate. Learn More Become a Member Membership The ultimate insiders, members enjoy free admission, discounts to our most popular venues, and countless invaluable experiences—for a whole year! See Member Benefits Exhibit Halls Open Daily, 9:00am - 5:00 pm To purchase tickets to the Museum Exhibit Halls, use the "Buy Tickets" button below. Timed tickets are no longer required – just select the date you will be visiting. Buy Exhibit Tickets View Today's Schedule Experience the Museum Image Adventure Awaits Plan Your Trip Image Explore. Question. Imagine. Explore Exhibits Image Immerse Yourself Theater Shows Featured Video: Tomorrow’s Menu From the Lab: Plant-Based Pulled Pork from Tender Food What’s on Tomorrow’s Menu? In this episode 2023 James Beard semi-finalist and Boston-based chef Douglass Williams speaks to Tender Food’s CEO Christophe Chantre about their plant-based meat products and cooks a plant-based pork cheese sub using Tender Food’s pulled “pork”. Placeholder for content by topic Join Our Community Resources for Educators Private Events at the Museum Support the Museum Whether through a Museum Membership, a corporate partnership, or a donation - your contribution helps us bring science at the pace of change to everyone, everywhere. Become a Member Donate Now Earthshot Eclipse Life Sciences Space About Mission and History Our Leadership Press Room Support Contact us Membership Plan Your Trip Private Events and Rentals Careers Why Work Here? Job Opportunities Internships Volunteering Sign up for daily discoveries. To inspire a lifelong love of science in everyone. Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok The Museum of Science gratefully acknowledges our Premier Partners Code of Ethics Legal Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Use ©1996-2024 Museum of Science, Boston - All rights reserved. Top