Homepage - Non Profit News | Nonprofit Quarterly SECTIONS Magazine Membership Donate Racial Justice Economic Justice Collections Glossary Climate Justice Health Justice Leadership CONTENT TYPES Subscribe Webinars Upcoming Webinars Complimentary Webinars Premium On-Demand Webinars Membership Submissions How Freelance Journalists Are Moving from Precarity to Solidarity By Seth Sandronsky February 21, 2024 As media layoffs continue, more writers become freelancers by necessity. Now, they are organizing for legal protections to preserve their ability to tell the news. Latest Philanthropy and Social Justice: A Conversation with Deepak Bhargava By Steve Dubb and Deepak Bhargava Dismantling Bias: Toward Ethical and Inclusive Health Innovation By Tonie Marie Gordon Calling People Forward Instead of Out: Ten Essential Steps By Justin Michael Williams and Shelly Tygielski Beyond Self-Care and Wellness Retreats: What Healing Justice Requires By Iris Garcia and Somer Nowak The Silent Epidemic Killing Black Women By Rebekah Barber Philanthropy Must Engage in Reparations, Report Argues By Isaiah Thompson Shifting the Harmful Narratives and Practices of Work Requirements By Jhumpa Bhattacharya, Anne E. Price and Saadia Van Winkle The Economic Case against Work Requirements By Cara Brumfield Work Requirements Are Rooted in the History of Slavery By Ife Finch Floyd and Suzanne Wikle Popular How to Fund Narrative Ecosystems By Mandy Van Deven and Jody Myrum Ending Child Poverty: Lessons from a One-Year Expansion of the Child Tax Credit By Ashley Burnside Civil Society Undermined by Conflict, Disinformation, and Repression of Protest By Isaiah Thompson How Resident-Owned Communities Can Create Mass Affordable Homeownership By Rutledge A. Simmons Philanthropy Needs to Trust the Real Experts—the People It Supports By Cynthia M. Gibson, Lisa Pilar Cowan and Jocelynne Rainey The State of Black Women Leadership Is In Danger By Cyndi Suarez The Vision for Black Lives: An Economic Policy Agenda By Dr. Amara Enyia How the Midwest is Climate-Proofing Its Prairies By Cinnamon Janzer Helping Movements Meet the Moment: What Philanthropy Can and Must Do By Sulma Arias and Manuel Pastor Special collections view all Winter 2023: Health Justice Black History Month The Vision for Black Lives: An Economic Policy Agenda Ending Work Requirements We Stood Up Best of 2023: Editors' Selections Truth to Power Fall 2023: Climate Justice Solidarity Economies: Building Community Power Building Power, Fighting Displacement: Stories from Asian Pacific America Owning the Economy: Stories from Latinx Communities Summer 2023: Economic Justice Off the Hook: A Socials Series NPQ Webinars March 20th, 2:00pm EST Remaking the Economy A Policy Vision from the Movement for Black Lives Register March 28th 3:00pm EST Become a Philanthropic Mobilizer: Fundraise to Advance Social Impact Register April 11th 3:00pm EST White and Black Women Archetypes Register April 25th 2:00pm EST Better Budgeting in QuickBooks ONLINE USERS Register Like what you see? Subscribe to the NPQ newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox. See our newsletters By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use, and to receive messages from NPQ and our partners. Independent & in your mailbox. Subscribe today and get a full year of NPQ for just $59. subscribe About Advertise Careers Contact Copyright Funders Magazine Art We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings