GS1 | The Global Language of Business Skip to main content The Global Language of Business Service Menu MO Zone login Contact us Get your barcodes The Global Language of Business About About us About GS1 What we do History Public Policy About GS1 GS1 Year in review 2023 is the year we celebrate our 50th anniversary See our year in review Careers Explore opportunities and take your career to the next level View open positions Management Board Get to know the industry leaders who are making a difference Meet the board What we do How we got here Public Policy Contact GS1 Year in review Careers Management Board Standards What do you need? How GS1 standards work GS1 Standards Development Recently published standards Traceability Standards Identify ID Keys Capture Barcodes EPC/RFID Share GS1 Global Data Model GDSN See all Services Useful Links Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Services Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) The world's largest product data network. Read more Verified by GS1 Get product identity right with Verified by GS1 Read more GPC Browser service Browse all components of the published GPC schemas. Read more Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) Verified by GS1 GPC Browser service Industries Industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Insights & Events Insights & Events Events & Calendar Latest news Case studies GS1 Global Forum 2024 19 - 22 Feb 2024 | Brussels View event GS1 Global Forum 2024 GS1 General Assembly 2024 21 - 24 May 2024 | Rome View event GS1 General Assembly 2024 Get your barcodes About About us About GS1 What we do History Public Policy About GS1 GS1 Year in review 2023 is the year we celebrate our 50th anniversary See our year in review Careers Explore opportunities and take your career to the next level View open positions Management Board Get to know the industry leaders who are making a difference Meet the board What we do How we got here Public Policy Contact GS1 Year in review Careers Management Board Standards What do you need? How GS1 standards work GS1 Standards Development Recently published standards Traceability Standards Identify ID Keys Capture Barcodes EPC/RFID Share GS1 Global Data Model GDSN See all Services Useful Links Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Services Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) The world's largest product data network. Read more Verified by GS1 Get product identity right with Verified by GS1 Read more GPC Browser service Browse all components of the published GPC schemas. Read more Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) Verified by GS1 GPC Browser service Industries Industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Insights & Events Insights & Events Events & Calendar Latest news Case studies GS1 Global Forum 2024 19 - 22 Feb 2024 | Brussels View event GS1 Global Forum 2024 GS1 General Assembly 2024 21 - 24 May 2024 | Rome View event GS1 General Assembly 2024 Get your barcodes Global Forum 2024 19-22 February 19-22 February Brussels & Virtual Brussels & Virtual Bringing value to industry, consumers and patients Register now Procter & Gamble endorses world transition to 2D barcodes using GS1 standards 2D barcodes with GS1 standards will unlock valuable new capabilities and benefits for consumers, shoppers, retailers, and brand owners. Read the article Let's celebrate this amazing anniversary together! For 50 years, the barcode has been transforming the way we work and live with the power of GS1 standards. Learn more New Verified by GS1 success stories are now available Learn how industry is adopting Verified by GS1 to address a variety of business challenges around the world Read the article We empower organisations to grow efficiently, sustainably and safely — helping transform the way we work and live. Our standards enable organisations to identify, capture and share information smoothly, creating a common language that underpins systems and processes all over the world. Learn more about GS1 Bridging the physical and digital worlds to improve consumer experiences and patient safety Making it possible to do business more efficiently and safely Bringing industry stakeholders together to move business forward Standards and services GS1 standards are the most widely used system of standards in the world, and we offer a portfolio of services and tools to make adoption of our standards easier and more impactful to your business. Check digit calculator Calculate the correct check digit to confirm the integrity of your barcode number /check-digit-calculator Is this a valid ID? Verified by GS1 makes it possible to check core data about products, location and much more. /services/verified-by-gs1 Learn more about the GTIN The Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) can be used by a company to uniquely identify all of its trade items /standards/id-keys/gtin View more services and tools Need a barcode? Selling a product starts with a GS1 barcode number/GTIN Get your barcode/GTIN Learn about next generation barcodes powered by GS1 Case studies See how GS1 standards and technologies are used to help businesses thrive. Retail, Foodservice, Public sector Strengthening tequila supply chain integrity from Mexico to the U.S. By uniquely identifying individual bottles with GS1 standards, Mexican exporters can better manage t... Healthcare Best practice patient safety and traceability of infant feeds at CHI (Children’s Health Ir... In 2016 the hospital was audited by the Food Safety Professionals Association (FSPA). Transport & Logistics, Public sector Countering urban freight congestion and “last mile” delivery issues with the GS1 Smart Urb... The Straightsol project was comprised of seven innovative urban freight pilots to explore more effic... See all case studies News 14/12/23 The GS1 General Assembly elects Mark Batenic as new Chair of the GS1 Management Board 27/11/23 Procter & Gamble endorses world transition to 2D barcodes using GS1 standards 10/10/23 Trend Research 2023-2024: Innovation in a world of continuous disruption View all Events 19 - 22 Feb 2024 GS1 Global Forum 2024 21 - 24 May 2024 GS1 General Assembly 2024 View all Footer Menu Standards Need a barcode General Specifications Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) Next generation barcodes Services Verified by GS1 GS1 GDSN Check digit calculator EPC encoder/decoder Industries Retail Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical Industries Insights & Events Events Calendar Case studies About GS1 What we do Our story Public Policy Careers FAQs Social Media Menu Footer Service Menu Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie Policy GS1 Competition Law Caution GS1 Intellectual Property Policy Website feedback Contact us Cookie Settings