MyNorthwest - Seattle news, sports, weather, traffic, talk - MyNorthwest.com Weather Alert: School closings and delays | Traffic conditions | Weather forecast Close MyNorthwest Home News Sports KIRO Opinion KTTH Opinion Traffic Weather Lifestyle Podcasts LIVE Radio KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM Seattle Sports 770 KTTH AM News MyNorthwest News MyNorthwest Weather MyNorthwest Traffic MyNorthwest History MyNorthwest Politics MyNorthwest Lifestyle National News World News Money Odd News Photo Galleries Sponsored Stories Opinion Dave Ross Gee and Ursula Jack and Spike John and Shari KIRO Nights Jason Rantz Bryan Suits Michael Medved MyNorthwest Blog Sports Sports Seahawks Mariners Kraken UW Huskies Brock and Salk Bump and Stacy Wyman and Bob Tools Search the Site Earthquake Tracker School Closings Advertise With Us Employment Contest Rules Connect Contact Us Newsletters Contests and Events Community Outreach Just Serve Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram KIRO on YouTube KTTH on YouTube RSS KIRO NEWSRADIO SEATTLE SPORTS AM 770 KTTH News Sports Traffic Weather Podcasts Video Listen Live Menu THE LATEST Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads down in widespread outage 2 hours ago When does daylight saving time start in 2024? It’s fast approaching 4 hours ago Sound Transit parking changes on the way 4 hours ago Seattle arrest prompts concerns of ‘serial killer’ targeting homeless 5 hours ago King County executive announces ‘multi-part strategy’ addressing fentanyl crisis Lawmakers grant police more leeway in pursuing criminals TOP STORIES Overnight snow leads to delayed school start times across Washington MyNorthwest News Whatcom County Fire Captain dies off-duty in snowboarding accident KTTH Opinion Rantz: Seattle Colleges claims event calling Trump a threat to democracy is 'non partisan' Sponsored Discover MoPOP's new exhibit: 'Massive: The Power of Pop Culture' LISTEN NOW: LIVE RADIO Listen | Watch Listen | Watch Listen MyNorthwest Inbox: Email the Hosts WEATHER | Seattle 47° | 31° 38° and mostly cloudy TRAFFIC View Traffic Map QUESTION OF THE DAY Are you in favor of Washington restoring more lenient police pursuit laws? Yes No View Results Loading ... MyNorthwest News Frank Sumrall and Julia Dallas, MyNorthwest Maple Valley horse likely killed by another horse in same pen A horse was found dead in her pasture in Maple Valley likely from a kick to her head by another horse in the same pen, according to the KCSO. Associated Press Federal safety officials say Boeing fails to meet quality-control standards in manufacturing The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said Monday its audit of manufacturing at airplane maker Boeing and its key supplier turned up “multiple instances” of them failing to make sure manufacturing met quality standards. The FAA said it found “non-compliance issues” with Boeing’s manufacturing-process control and parts handling and storage. It did not provide details. The […] Bill Kaczaraba Wash. coalition pushes for Democrats to vote 'uncommitted' in next week's primary More than 20-thousand Democratic voters in the state say they will vote "uncommitted" in next week's presidential primary. Bill Kaczaraba Why couldn't the beaver cross the road? Because it was taken into custody by Bellingham police Bellingham police (BPD) were kept busy over the weekend responding to beavers blocking traffic. Julia Dallas 'Beloved' owner of Seattle's Full Tilt Ice Cream dies The owner of Seattle's Full Tilt Ice Cream, Justin Cline, has died after suffering a heart attack on Feb. 5. Frank Sumrall Sound Transit beefing up security after numerous violent occurrences Increasing security throughout Sound Transit has become a top priority following a string of violent incidents. SeattleSports.com Brandon Gustafson Huard: How Seahawks can still benefit from Russell Wilson trade The Seattle Seahawks don't have any picks left from trading Russell Wilson, but they can still get better due to that deal, Brock Huards says. The Associated Press McCann, Kraken beat Flames 4-2 for third win in four games Jared McCann had a goal and an assist to help the Seattle Kraken beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 on Monday night for their third win in four games. Brent Stecker The one UW Huskies player Seahawks shouldn’t pass on in draft There one player from Brock Huard's alma mater that the former UW Huskies QB doesn't want to see the Seattle Seahawks let slip by in the NFL Draft. Brent Stecker We have two big questions with Russell Wilson cut by Broncos Seattle Sports' Bump and Stacy wonder about how Russell Wilson hitting free agency will impact the NFL Draft, as well as his future as starting QB. Seattle Sports Video Video: What to make of QB Russell Wilson getting released by the Denver Broncos What did Bob Stelton and Mike Lefko make of QB Russell Wilson getting released by the Denver Broncos? What does it mean for legacy in Seattle and the NFL? Bob and Lefko discussed that and what the breaking news means for his future as a starting QB. Is there another chapter of Russell Wilson’s story […] The Associated Press Russ is done in Denver — Broncos say they’ll cut Wilson Russell Wilson will be released by the Denver Broncos less than two years after acquiring the quarterback in a blockbuster trade with the Seattle Seahawks. KIRO Newsradio Opinion Colleen O'Brien Colleen O'Brien: Rep. Wilcox explains why he's leaving the legislature After 14 years in the state legislature, Rep. J.T. Wilcox is resigning. He stated that younger leadership needs to take over. Travis Mayfield, KIRO Newsradio Mayfield: Why centering more women's voices matter this month and every month It’s March and Women’s History Month, but women's voices make history every single day. Jack Stine, KIRO Newsradio Jack Stine: We all deserve to be First Class Regardless of where you are on the plane, you deserve to be treated like you are in First Class. KTTH Opinion Jason Rantz Rantz: Festering Seattle homeless encampment to be cleared A homeless encampment near Seattle Center, filled with drug addicts using fentanyl, will finally be removed this week. Jason Rantz Rantz: ICE Seattle nabs child sex criminals as migrant crime concerns persist As U.S. cities experience migrant crime, ICE Seattle is nabbing child sex predators and other dangerous criminals. Jason Rantz Rantz: City of Redmond rejected security request, then car drove through storefront A month after the city of Redmond rejected a business owner’s request to install better security measures, a stolen car was driven through its storefront. Podcasts Listen to your favorite shows on your time. Brock & Salk Jack Stine & Spike O'Neill Bryan Suits MyNorthwest Traffic Steve Coogan I-5 south vehicle crash that killed pedestrian snarled traffic near Marysville One person was killed in an accident on Interstate 5 south involving a vehicle and a pedestrian, the Washington State Patrol reported Sunday. Nate Connors I-5 near SeaTac closing this weekend at South 216th Street Bridge The South 216th Street Bridge in SeaTac has nearly completed the installation of its concrete girders -- a heavy beam to support the deck of a bridge. Chris Sullivan Sullivan: Friday marks first commute with higher tolls on I-405, SR 167 Friday marked the first day of the new higher tolls on SR 167 and I-405. They hit $12.25 on I-405 south out of Lynnwood. MyNorthwest Weather Ted Buehner March's weather kicks off like a lion, 6 pm sunsets around the corner March seemed to come in like a lion this weekend with well below-average cold temperatures and a mix of rain and wet snow showers. Ted Buehner Wash. mountains expected to pile up with snow as avalanche anniversary approaches A much cooler air mass will move onshore through the weekend with a mix of rain and snow showers, a threat of thunderstorms, and sunbreaks. Frank Sumrall Level 4 avalanche warning issued near Mt. Baker after heavy snow week The ski area received 31 inches of snow this week and could receive as much as eight additional inches Thursday, according to NWS. MyNorthwest Politics Associated Press Nikki Haley wins her first Republican primary Nikki Haley's victory Sunday, temporarily, halts Donald Trump’s sweep of the GOP contests. Though, that will likely change on Super Tuesday. Julia Dallas Washington legislature unanimously passes bill to help over 35,000 veterans The Washington legislature unanimously passed a bill on Friday that would help over 35,000 veterans access state benefits. Frank Sumrall Seattle City Atty. considers charges against Council demonstrators The six arrested were among dozens in support of Palestine, protesting the city's funding plans for asylum seekers and refugees. MyNorthwest Lifestyle Steve Coogan First In-N-Out Burger to come to the state of Washington Ridgefield City Manager Steve Stuart confirmed Thursday the city has received a building permit application from In-N-Out Burger. Paul Holden, KIRO Newsradio Weekend revelry roundup: Comic Con and the Seattle Sounders return ECCC is underway and tickets are still on sale for Friday and Sunday. It's also the home opener for the Seattle Sounders this weekend. Paul Holden, KIRO Newsradio Holden: Emerald City Comic Con's guest lineup 'biggest one I've seen' Don't be alarmed if you see elves or superheroes walking the streets of Seattle this weekend. Emerald City Comic Con has returned! MyNorthwest History Feliks Banel Everett official dodges key question about gazebo-saving compromise An Everett spokesperson dodged KIRO Newsradio's question about whether Mayor Cassie Franklin is willing to accept the gazebo compromise. Feliks Banel History hidden within NOAA's 'Inland Water Wind Reports' The handful of spots along the shores of the Puget Sound, for which NOAA often gives windspeed reports, have their own history and charm. Feliks Banel Will Everett mayor accept compromise to save Clark Park gazebo? The Everett Historical Commission discussed the city’s request to tear down the Clark Park gazebo and offered a strategic compromise instead. National News Associated Press Man freed from prison after 34 years after judge vacates conviction in 1990 murder PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A man has been released from Pennsylvania prison after more than three decades following a judge’s decision to vacate his conviction in a 1990 murder. The Philadelphia Inquirer reports that 61-year-old Ronald Johnson was released from State Correctional Institution-Phoenix on Monday night following a Philadelphia judge’s decision and the prosecutor’s move to […] Associated Press Liberty University agrees to unprecedented $14 million fine for failing to disclose crime data Liberty University has agreed to pay an unprecedented $14 million fine after the Christian school failed to disclose information about crimes that occurred on its Lynchburg campus, including those involving sexual assaults, the U.S. Department of Education announced Tuesday. The fine is by far the largest ever levied under the Clery Act, a law that […] Associated Press Former Speaker Gingrich donates congressional papers to New Orleans' Tulane University NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has donated his congressional papers to Tulane University’s Louisiana Research Collection. Gingrich earned a master of arts and a doctorate in education at the New Orleans university. He later became a teacher at West Georgia College before his 1978 election to the House, where he served […] Sponsored Articles Mike Salk Salk: A local credit union inspiring its community In the heart of Kitsap County, a financial institution is making waves not just as a banking entity but as a beacon of community support. Mike Salk This checking account is better than gold My journey led me to Kitsap Credit Union, a not-for-profit, forward-thinking financial co-op that’s been serving its members since 1934. No Author Punts for Purpose: Brock Huard, other NFL players fight to end global child poverty Seattle Sports host Brock Huard joins other NFL punters in partnership with Compassion in a cause now known as “Punts For Purpose.” Seattle, Washington, USA Contact Us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Email Alerts Advertise With Us Employment Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2024 Bonneville International. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Data EEO Public File Report | Copyright Infringement | Licensing FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH | FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: Sheri Blatman - SBLATMAN@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000