Art of Problem Solving Art of Problem Solving (AoPS) | Advanced Online Math Classes Art of Problem Solving AoPS Online Math texts, online classes, and more for students in grades 5-12. Visit AoPS Online ‚ Books for Grades 5-12 Online Courses Beast Academy Engaging math books and online learning for students ages 6-13. Visit Beast Academy ‚ Books for Ages 6-13 Beast Academy Online AoPS Academy Small live classes for advanced math and language arts learners in grades 2-12. Visit AoPS Academy ‚ Find a Physical Campus Visit the Virtual Campus Sign InRegister online school Class Schedule Recommendations Olympiad Courses Free Sessions/Math Jams Video Classes bookstore Middle/High School Elementary School Online Books Recommendations Other Books & Gear All Products Gift Certificates community Forums Contests Search Help resources math training & tools Alcumus Videos For the Win! MATHCOUNTS Trainer AoPS Practice Contests AoPS Wiki LaTeX TeXeR MIT PRIMES/CrowdMath Keep Learning contests on aops Practice Math Contests USABO news and information AoPS Blog Emergency Homeschool Resources Podcast: Raising Problem Solvers just for fun Reaper Greed Control All Ten view all 0 Sign InRegister Stay ahead of learning milestones! Enroll today to secure your spot! JavaScript is not enabled. JavaScript is required to fully utilize the site. Train With the World's Top Math Minds Perfect for grades 5–12. Since 1993, our students have mastered the critical thinking and problem solving skills to excel in prestigious competitions, universities, and careers. SHOP BOOKS SHOP COURSES #1 Since 2015, all USA International Math Olympiad teammates have been AoPS students AS SEEN IN AS SEEN IN Art of Problem Solving trains students to approach new challenges by breaking problems down into familiar parts. VIEW COURSES CRITICAL THINKING Students focus on advanced problem solving and conceptual understanding—not rote memorization LIVE COLLABORATION Discuss new problems with brilliant peers and mentors from the world's largest problem solving community. RESILIENCE Face new challenges every day and build the confidence to approach future problems without fear. On Track to Prestigious Universities Our students earn admission to the most prestigious universities in the nation, including: MIT HARVARD STANFORD PRINCETON CALTECH UC BERKELEY Many of our students who are mathematically inclined have found Art of Problem Solving (AoPS) an indispensable resource. – MIT Admissions Office Olympiad Winners Train the Next Generation AoPS curriculum is designed and taught by former math and science Olympians. VIEW COURSES Staff Spotlight Richard Rusczyk Founder and CEOUSAMO WinnerPerfect AIME David Patrick Principal Math Curriculum EditorUSAMO WinnerPutnam Top 10 Alex Song Principal Math Olympiad Curriculum DeveloperMost Highly Decorated IMO Winner Naoki Sato Senior Math Curriculum DeveloperWinner of Canadian Mathematical Olympiad3-time Director of Canadian IMO Team Ashley Ahlin Online Math InstructorMATHCOUNTS Problem WriterUS Chem Olympiad Team Member Mark Eichenlaub Physics Curriculum Team LeadCoach of the US IPhO Team AoPS Alumni Success In the last 9 years, 53 USA International Math Olympiad team members have medaled and have taken over 300 AoPS Online courses. 41 11 1 1 Million problem solvers discuss and solve challenges together on AoPS Online—one of the largest online math communities in the world. AoPS online school helps thousands of students each year develop tools needed for success in top-tier colleges and in prestigious math competitions. – Mathematical Association of America (MAA) Ready to join our community? Pick a class that best fits your interests and schedule. VIEW COURSES VIEW BOOKS Challenge Your Student to Reach Their Fullest Academic Potential Learn from the leaders in advanced math, alongside outstanding classmates, with interactive online math for students grades 5–12. Online Math Courses Join our live, interactive math classes with expert instructors and talented peers. ENROLL NOW Math Books Gain the critical problem solving strategies you need for college and career success. SHOP NOW As seen in More Than Online Math: A Creative Problem Solving Community Welcome to the world of AoPS Online: A world filled with challenging problems that require creativity and persistence to solve. A world where students learn from impressive mentors and role model instructors. A world filled with inspiring peers who share their love of learning. Our advanced math curriculum stretches students to their fullest potential. And the connections students make in the AoPS classroom and online community last a lifetime. Every class I've taken with AoPS has been fantastic. Everyone does a great job helping students succeed while enjoying the process of learning math. I love that the students themselves are always open to helping each other out. – Matthew I've developed a lot more confidence in math since taking AoPS Introduction to Geometry. In the process of doing harder problems than I ever knew I could, I've also begun to see geometry as an art. I'm enjoying math more and more! – AoPS Online Student AoPS courses are a wonderful balance of challenge and guidance, constantly stretching students and inviting them to wrestle with problems at their own pace until they reach epiphanies. Bravo! I wish AoPS had been around when I was in high school. – AoPS Online Parent My instructor was great. She was always willing to offer advice and knew just how many hints to give to keep problems doable but still satisfying. – AoPS Online Student My son is eating your classes up. He's always loved math, but cannot get enough of it now. He is pumped for each Wednesday. Way to provide the best educational product this Dad has found anywhere! – John C. The combination of videos, textbooks, online problems and book problems has been fantastic for our boys. I love that they can do this at their own pace, and how motivated they feel now that they're in charge of their own learning. – AoPS Online Parent All members of the 2015–2023 US International Math Olympiad teams are AoPS alumni. Online Math Course Categories AoPS Online courses take place weekly in our interactive online classroom. Expert instructors lead cohorts through engaging and rigorous challenges, and students work with peers to creatively problem solve together. Introductory Math Grades 5–10+ Prealgebra to Geometry Learn more  Intermediate Math Grades 8–12+ Intermediate Algebra to Precalculus Learn more  Advanced Math Grades 9–12+ Calculus to Olympiad Geometry Learn more  WOOT Programs Grades 9–12 Worldwide Online Olympiad Training in Math, Physics, and Chemistry Learn more  Contest Prep Math Grades 6–12 Preparation for Math Competitions Learn more  Computer Science Grades 6–12+ Programming Classes Learn more  Math Books AoPS offers our advanced math books in both online and paperback format. Our comprehensive math curriculum covers prealgebra all the way through contest prep math. View all  Introductory Math Complete introductory math curriculum for students grades 5–10 that covers the standard Prealgebra/Algebra/Geometry series in depth as well as important discrete math topics. View  Intermediate & Advanced Math Challenging math textbooks that prepare students grades 8–12 for advanced mathematical subjects in high school, college, and careers in STEM fields. View  Contest Prep Math For more than 25 years, math competition winners have relied on AoPS problem-solving guides for contest prep. Suitable for grades 6–12, and written by medal winners in MATHCOUNTS, AMC, AIME, and USAMO. View  Other AoPS Programs Art of Problem Solving offers two other multifaceted programs. Beast Academy is our comic-based online math curriculum for students ages 6–13. And AoPS Academy brings our methodology to students grades 2–12 through small, in-person classes at local campuses. Through our three programs, AoPS offers the most comprehensive honors math pathway in the world. View a full comparison of our program offerings. Free Student Resources Art of Problem Solving offers a wide variety of free resources for avid problem solvers, including hundreds of videos and interactive tools like Alcumus, our popular adaptive learning system. Alcumus Alcumus is our free adaptive learning system. It offers students a customized learning experience, adjusting to their performance to deliver problems that will challenge them appropriately. Alcumus is aligned to our Introductory Math, Intermediate Algebra, and Precalculus online courses and textbooks. START LEARNING  Videos Our video library offers hundreds of videos featuring AoPS founder Richard Rusczyk. Many of the videos are aligned to our Prealgebra, Introduction to Algebra, and Introduction to Counting & Probability books and classes. WATCH NOW  MATHCOUNTS Trainer The MATHCOUNTS Trainer has thousands of problems from previous School, Chapter, State, and National MATHCOUNTS competitions. Full solutions are provided for every problem so aspiring MATHCOUNTS mathletes can learn how to approach even the toughest questions. START TRAINING  For the Win! Compete with middle school students from around the world with For the Win! (FTW), inspired by the MATHCOUNTS Countdown Round. START PLAYING  View All Resources  Online Community Forums AoPS Online community forums are the place for our creative problem solvers to connect, question and collaborate. We have a forum for each level and category. Middle School Math High School Math Contests & programs High school olympiads College Math Site Support visit community  Art of Problem Solving is an ACS WASC Accredited School aops programs AoPS Online Beast Academy AoPS Academy About About AoPS Our Team Our History Jobs AoPS Blog Site Info Terms Privacy Contact Us follow us Subscribe for news and updates © 2024 AoPS Incorporated © 2024 Art of Problem Solving About Us • Contact Us • Terms • Privacy Copyright © 2024 Art of Problem Solving Something appears to not have loaded correctly. Click to refresh.