Office of the Surgeon General (OSG) | HHS.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search About HHS Programs & Services Grants & Contracts Laws & Regulations Office of the Surgeon General Current Priorities About & History Previous Publications USPHS Commissioned Corps Breadcrumb HHS Office of the Surgeon General (OSG) Home Office of the Surgeon General (OSG) The U.S. Surgeon General is the Nation’s Doctor, providing Americans with the best scientific information available on how to improve their health and reduce the risk of illness and injury. The Surgeon General oversees the U.S. Public Health Service (USPHS) Commissioned Corps, an elite group of over 6,000 uniformed officers who are public health professionals. The USPHS mission is to protect, promote, and advance the health of our nation. I would like info on... Who is the Surgeon GeneralCoronavirus (COVID-19) UpdatesYouth Mental HealthHealth MisinformationSuicide Prevention Current Priorities of the U.S. Surgeon General Learn more about the urgent public health issues that the U.S. Surgeon General is focused on, and how we can work together to take action. About OSG Learn about the mission, history and leadership team of the Office of the Surgeon General. Priorities Read about the urgent public health issues that are being tackled by the Surgeon General. Reports & Publications Explore landmark scientific publications from the OSG that are stimulating conversation and action nationwide on important public health topics. USPHS Commissioned Corps Learn about the elite team of highly qualified public health professionals who are on call 24 hours a day in essential leadership and clinical service roles throughout the federal government. Public Health Reports Published since 1878, Public Health Reports is the official journal of the Office of the U.S. Surgeon General and the U.S. Public Health Service. Recent Advisories Surgeon General’s Advisory on Protecting Youth Mental HealthSurgeon General's Advisory on Confronting Health MisinformationSurgeon General’s Advisory on Naloxone and Opioid Overdose Content created by Office of the Surgeon General Back to top Contact HHS Careers HHS FAQs Nondiscrimination Notice HHS Archive Accessibility Privacy Policy Viewers & Players Budget/Performance Inspector General Web Site Disclaimers EEO/No Fear Act FOIA The White House USA.gov Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Sign Up for Email Updates Receive the latest updates from the Secretary, Blogs, and News Releases. Sign Up HHS Headquarters 200 Independence Avenue, S.W. Washington, D.C. 20201 Toll Free Call Center: 1-877-696-6775​