ACEA - European Automobile Manufacturers' Association Stay up-to-date News News articles Press releases Events Videos Facts & figures Facts Figures Publications The EU auto industry Passenger cars Trucks Vans Buses About Who we are About ACEA ACEA members National automobile associations Transparency How we are organised Structure of ACEA Board of Directors ACEA President Commercial Vehicle Board ACEA Director General Team Contact us This website provides Reliable figures and statistics Industry insights and expertise Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Global & Competitive News News articles Press releases Events Videos Facts & figures Facts Figures Publications The EU auto industry Passenger cars Trucks Vans Buses About Who we are About ACEA ACEA members National automobile associations Transparency How we are organised Structure of ACEA Board of Directors ACEA President Commercial Vehicle Board ACEA Director General Team Contact us This website provides Reliable figures and statistics Industry insights and expertise Stay up-to-date Skip to content The global electric car race: Europe needs to wake up! Read more Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Global & Competitive Stay up-to-date * Required fields Please leave this field emptyE-mail address * First name * Last name * Organisation * Choose the ACEA e-mail alerts you want to receive: General press releasesPassenger car registrations (monthly)Commercial vehicle registrations (quarterly)Fuel types of new passenger cars (monthly)Fuel types of new commercial vehicles (quaterly)Newsletter (monthly)News articlesFacts and figuresPublicationsEvent updates and invitationsVideosPassenger carsTrucksVansBuses By clicking on the ‘Subscribe’ button, you explicitly agree to receiving the different types of e-mail alerts you have selected. You can always unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the footer of any e-mail alert you receive from ACEA. For more information about the processing of personal data, please consult our privacy policy. Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. News feed New car registrations: +12.1% in January 2024; battery electric 10.9% market share In January 2024, the EU new car market rebounded from the slowdown experienced in December 2023, with year-on-year car registrations increasing by 12.1% to 851,690 units. Read more EU patent reform: a boost for competitiveness, but more ambition needed ACEA supports the European Commission’s proposal to improve the regulatory framework on standard essential patent (SEP) licensing, urging swift adoption from law makers. Read more Report – Vehicles on European roads ACEA’s ‘Vehicles on European Roads’ report is the go-to publication for the latest data on vehicles in circulation on Europe’s roads. Read more Vehicle recyclers and manufacturers raise concerns over dismantling rules for end-of-life vehicles The EU is proposing to expand dismantling obligations under the proposed End-of-life Vehicles Regulation (ELVR). Read more Joint call to deepen the EU Single Market and renew the dynamic of European integration The European Automobile Manufacturers Association (ACEA) has joined forces with other leading industrial sectors in a shared call to deepen the Single Market as pressure on European competitiveness continues to mount. Read more The global electric car race: Europe needs to wake up! 29 February 2024 As visitors to the Geneva International Motor Show this week can witness first hand, the European auto industry is up against massive global competition as it makes the seismic shift from combustion engine to battery-electric cars in a very short time frame. Read more New car registrations: +12.1% in January 2024; battery electric 10.9% market share 20 February 2024 In January 2024, the EU new car market rebounded from the slowdown experienced in December 2023, with year-on-year car registrations increasing by 12.1% to 851,690 units. Read more EU patent reform: a boost for competitiveness, but more ambition needed 16 February 2024 ACEA supports the European Commission’s proposal to improve the regulatory framework on standard essential patent (SEP) licensing, urging swift adoption from law makers. Read more Report – Vehicles on European roads 15 February 2024 ACEA’s ‘Vehicles on European Roads’ report is the go-to publication for the latest data on vehicles in circulation on Europe’s roads. Read more Vehicle recyclers and manufacturers raise concerns over dismantling rules for end-of-life vehicles 14 February 2024 The EU is proposing to expand dismantling obligations under the proposed End-of-life Vehicles Regulation (ELVR). Read more Joint call to deepen the EU Single Market and renew the dynamic of European integration 13 February 2024 The European Automobile Manufacturers Association (ACEA) has joined forces with other leading industrial sectors in a shared call to deepen the Single Market as pressure on European competitiveness continues to mount. Read more EU needs an industrial strategy for its auto sector, not a piecemeal regulatory approach 8 February 2024 In the first episode of ACEA’s new ‘#UpToSpeed’ video interview series, ACEA’s Sigrid de Vries sat down with Marc Alochet, a leading researcher from France’s prestigious École Polytechnique, for an in-depth discussion on how the global electric vehicle race is shaping up. Watch video ACEA strengthens senior leadership team ahead of next EU mandate 5 February 2024 The European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA) expands its leadership team with two new senior hires. Read more Focus Be part of the #FutureDriven journey Invalid figure in focus. ACEA: Driving mobility for Europe Watch video About ACEA The European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association, or ACEA, unites Europe’s 15 major car, truck, van and bus makers. We are the voice of the auto industry: a technological world leader and the backbone of the EU economy. Our members keep Europe on the move, providing diverse solutions for moving people and goods from A to B. Together, we are progressing on the road to zero-emission and zero-fatality transport. We are addressing major technology shifts and the changing mobility needs of Europeans. ACEA is working towards a new era of mobility, where all Europeans can access affordable transport solutions that are: Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Our aim is to drive Europe’s mobility transformation – while at the same time ensuring that the auto industry remains a strong Global & Competitive player. Learn more about ACEA back to top Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Global & Competitive News Facts & figures Publications About ACEA Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Global & Competitive Passenger cars Trucks Vans Buses Stay up-to-date Cookie policy Privacy policy Transparency Copyright © 2024 ACEA | All rights reserved Stay up-to-date News Facts & figures Publications About ACEA Green & Clean Smart & Efficient Safe & Reliable Global & Competitive Passenger cars Trucks Vans Buses Cookie policy Privacy policy Transparency Copyright © 2024 ACEA | All rights reserved When you use our website, cookies are placed on your device. By clicking on 'Agree' you indicate that you have read all information about our use of cookies and that you explicitly agree to the use as set out in our cookie policy.AGREEManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT