World of Warcraft News and Guides This site makes extensive use of JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser. LivePTR10.2.5PTR10.2.0 Jump To: News Today in WoW Pinned News Diablo IV Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 Datamined Changes - Class Changes, Gauntlet Rewards We've datamined the changes in Patch 1.3.3, including class changes and Gauntlet rewards! Posted 4 hr 20 min ago by Wowhead Diablo IV Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 Now Available to Download - 2.5GB Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 is now available to download! This patch introduces the much-anticipated Leaderboards and Gauntlet into Diablo 4. Posted 4 hr 50 min ago by Jezartroz Diablo IV Best Diablo 4 Gauntlet Builds Tier List Now Live Wowhead's Diablo 4 Best Gauntlet Builds Tier List ranks the highest-performing endgame builds to help optimize your journey to the top of the leaderboards. Posted 7 hr 59 min ago by constvnt Diablo IV Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 Patch Notes Now Available - The Gauntlet, Class Changes, Vampiric Powers Blizzard has just released the patch notes for Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 which includes The Gauntlet, leaderboards, class changes, Vampiric Powers returning, and more! The patch will be released on March 5. Posted 4 days ago by silec Live March 2024 Trading Post Items - Majestic Azure Peafowl Mount Here's a preview of the March 2024 Trading Post! Posted 6 days ago by Squishei Live 8 New Hero Talent Trees Revealed - First Rogue and Warlock Trees, All Paladin Trees Blizzard has posted 8 new Hero Talent Trees revealing the first Rogue and Warlock Hero Talent Trees and all the remaining Paladin trees! Posted 7 days ago by Squishei All News Live Crafting Fyr'alath the Dreamrender Guide - Legendary Quest Tips and Tricks Following Blizzard's bad luck protection hotfix, and datamining indicating a 100% drop rate on Fyr'alath for players who have defeated Fyrakk each week on Heroic difficulty, here are some tips and tricks for the Legendary questline! Posted 3 hr 41 min ago by Squishei Diablo IV Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 Datamined Changes - Class Changes, Gauntlet Rewards We've datamined the changes in Patch 1.3.3, including class changes and Gauntlet rewards! Posted 4 hr 20 min ago by Wowhead Diablo IV Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 Now Available to Download - 2.5GB Diablo 4 Patch 1.3.3 is now available to download! This patch introduces the much-anticipated Leaderboards and Gauntlet into Diablo 4. Posted 4 hr 50 min ago by Jezartroz Classic Discoverer’s Delight 100% Experience Buff Now Live - Season of Discovery Blizzard has made an announcement that the Discoverer's Delight buff is now live, with 100% bonus experience for Season of Discovery realms! Posted 4 hr 53 min ago by Rokman Live Comp Stomp Brawl Available This Week - Fight Against NPCs in Arathi Basin Throughout this week, the player-favorite Comp Stomp Brawl is back to the game! This brawl takes place in Arathi Basin and puts players to fight a team of NPC opponents, instead of other players. Posted 5 hr 37 min ago by Neryssa Live Holly Comments on Communication Appproach for 10.2.6 Executive Producer and Vice President for WoW, Holly Longdale, posted on X (formerly Twitter) about lessons learned from players waiting for Patch 10.2.6. Posted 6 hr 18 min ago by Wowhead Live Player Housing with Taliesin & Evitel: Who Should WoW Copy To Make It Happen? Taliesin & Evitel have released a video about Player Housing and how it could work in World of Warcraft, co-written by our own DiscordianKitty! Check it out below. Posted 7 hr 11 min ago by Wowhead Diablo IV Best Diablo 4 Gauntlet Builds Tier List Now Live Wowhead's Diablo 4 Best Gauntlet Builds Tier List ranks the highest-performing endgame builds to help optimize your journey to the top of the leaderboards. Posted 7 hr 59 min ago by constvnt Diablo IV Diablo 4 Known Issues in Patch 1.3.3 - Gauntlet and Leaderboards Blizzard has released a list of known issues ahead of Patch 1.3.3, detailing bugs with the Leaderboards. Posted 22 hr 47 min ago by Jezartroz Diablo IV What You Need to Know About the Gauntlet - New Blizzard Video Blizzard has released a new video with everything you need to know about the Gauntlet, launching tomorrow during the 1.3.3 Midseason Update! Posted 22 hr 59 min ago by Jezartroz Diablo IV Blizzard Announces Leaderboard Legends Contest Beginning March 19 - Diablo 4 Blizzard has announced a new contest involving the Gauntlet in Diablo 4. Those who win will be eligible to receive a special physical prize! Posted 1 day ago by Arktane Diablo Statue of Inarius On Sale - Blizzard Gear Store The Blizzard Gear Store statue of Inarius is on sale for 50% off, bringing it down from $1,100 to $550 USD. Posted 1 day ago by Jezartroz Live This Week in WoW (March 5, 2024) - No 10.2.6 or Season 4 News Blizzard has posted This Week in WoW which unfortunately includes no 10.2.6 or Season 4 news. Posted 1 day ago by Squishei Live "Irontide or Bloodsail, Defias or Freebooter" - The Pirates of World of Warcraft Patch 10.2.6 introduces a new "unique event" which seems like it may involve pirates of some sort. While we wait to finally experience this patch ourselves, we thought it'd be fun to revisit some of the pirates of Azeroth, and their stories. Posted 1 day ago by DiscordianKitty WoW Preparing for The War Within - Wowhead Economy Weekly Wrap-Up 317 This week we discuss preparation for The War Within and how to manage alts with profession combinations and racial bonuses. We also talk about changes to gold making and the economy in Season of Discovery and have some great Inscription tips for Wrath Classic. Posted 2 days ago by SamadanPlaysWoW Diablo IV Rewards from the Gauntlet in Diablo 4 The Gauntlet event allows you to compete with other players and hone your skills, but you can also gain loot in addition to glory! Posted 2 days ago by Arktane Diablo IV Everything We Know About The Gauntlet - Season 3 Gauntlet Guide Now Live Here's everything you need to know about The Gauntlet and Leaderboards in Diablo 4 to help you beat out the competition! Posted 3 days ago by Arktane Diablo IV How to Enter the Gauntlet in Diablo 4 The new Gauntlet challenge for Diablo 4 will be available on March 5th - but how do you get there? Here's all you need to know about how to unlock and enter the Gauntlet. Posted 3 days ago by Arktane Live Easiest Trading Post Tasks to Complete the Traveler's Log - March 2024 Here are the easiest Trading Post tasks to complete the Traveler's log for March 2024 to earn the Teele pet and your Trader's Tender! Posted 3 days ago by DiscordianKitty Diablo IV Patch 1.3.3 Sorcerer Class Changes - Conjuration Skill Buffs, Incinerate Buffs Patch 1.3.3 is bringing various changes to the Sorcerer class, including buffs to Conjuration Skills, , and underused Passives and Paragon Glyphs! Posted 4 days ago by silec 123…1292