Oxford Learner's Dictionaries | Find definitions, translations, and grammar explanations at Oxford Learner's Dictionaries Toggle navigation Redeem Upgrade Help Sign in Dictionaries Dictionaries home English American English Academic Collocations German-English Grammar Grammar home Practical English Usage Learn & Practise Grammar (Beta) Word Lists Word Lists home My Word Lists Topics Recent additions Resources Resources home Text Checker Sign in Dictionaries Dictionaries home English American English Academic Collocations German-English Grammar Grammar home Practical English Usage Learn & Practise Grammar (Beta) Word Lists Word Lists home My Word Lists Topics Recent additions Resources Resources home Text Checker Redeem Upgrade Help TOP English English American English Academic English Collocations Practical English Usage German-English English-German English American English Enter search text NEW words and meanings added: March 2024 Game on or game over? With the Summer Olympics coming up, the main focus for our latest release is on the world of sport. Worrying about your team’s back four in the relegation six-pointer? Did one of your team’s blueliners just score an empty-netter? Or maybe you prefer T20™, with the drama of one-dayers and super overs, or just like to pay your green fee and get started on the front nine? We’ve added over 170 new words and meanings from sport and other topics. See the full list novel noun From the Word list Oxford 3000 A2 Oxford Learner's Dictionaries Word of the Day Word lists Our word lists are designed to help learners at any level focus on the most important words to learn. Explore our general English and academic English lists. See the word lists Spread the Word A recent addition to our online dictionary is the term culture war, which is used to describe the conflict between groups of people with different ideals and beliefs. Read our blog Topic Dictionaries Our Topic Dictionaries are lists of topic-related words, like Animals and Health, that can help you expand your vocabulary. Each topic is divided into smaller subtopics and every word has a CEFR level. Browse Topics Learn & Practise Grammar Our grammar pages combine clear explanations with interactive exercises to test your understanding. Try it out Learn more with these dictionary and grammar resources We offer a number of premium products on this website to help you improve your English. Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary premium Oxford Learner's Dictionary of Academic English Practical English Usage by Michael Swan Oxford Collocations Dictionary Das Oxford Schulwörterbuch JOIN our community of language learners! Connect with us TODAY to start receiving the language learning and assessment resources you need directly to your newsfeed and inbox. Connect with us Teachers: join our newly upgraded community! Would you like to take part in research activities and share your views with other teachers? Join Oxford English Learning Exchange! Join now Teaching with Oxford Learner's Word Lists What's new for the Oxford 3000? Find out by reading the Oxford 3000 and Oxford 5000 position paper, or get tips on using the word lists and download a FREE lesson plan. Read position paper Get teaching tips Oxford Learner's Dictionaries Browse Dictionaries & Grammar Search Box System Requirements Contact Us More from us Oxford Learner's Dictionaries API English Language Teaching Oxford Teacher's Club Oxford Learner's Bookshelf Oxford Languages Who we are About Us Our history Annual report The way we work Working for OUP Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Consent Management Terms & Conditions Accessibility Legal Notice English (UK) English (US) © 2024 Oxford University Press