iTunes - Apple AppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchVisionAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport 0+ iTunes iTunes is going places. Download the latest macOS for an all‑new entertainment experience. Your music, TV shows, movies, podcasts, and audiobooks will transfer automatically to the Apple Music, Apple TV, Apple Podcasts, and Apple Books apps where you’ll still have access to your favorite iTunes features, including purchases, rentals, and imports. Upgrade to the latest macOS You can always download iTunes 12.8 for previous versions of macOS, as well as the iTunes application for Windows. iTunes 12.8 Windows Microsoft Store iTunes 12.8 System Requirements Hardware: Mac computer with an Intel processor To play 720p HD video, an iTunes LP, or iTunes Extras, a 2.0GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor is required To play 1080p HD video, a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor and 2GB of RAM is required Screen resolution of 1024x768 or greater; 1280x800 or greater is required to play an iTunes LP or iTunes Extras Internet connection to use Apple Music, the iTunes Store, and iTunes Extras Apple combo drive or SuperDrive to create audio, MP3, or backup CDs; some non-Apple CD-RW recorders may also work. Songs from the Apple Music catalog cannot be burned to a CD. Software: OS X version 10.10.5 or later 400MB of available disk space Apple Music, iTunes Store, and iTunes Match availability may vary by country Apple Music trial requires sign-up and is available for new subscribers only. Plan automatically renews after trial. iTunes Download the latest version for Windows. The latest entertainment apps now come installed with the latest macOS. Upgrade today to get your favorite music, movies, TV shows, and podcasts. You can join Apple Music and stream — or download and play offline — millions of songs, ad‑free. Download iTunes for Windows now (64-bit) Looking for Windows 32-bit? Download here iTunes Download the latest version from the Microsoft Store. The latest entertainment apps now come installed with the latest macOS. Upgrade today to get your favorite music, movies, TV shows, and podcasts. You can join Apple Music and stream — or download and play offline — millions of songs, ad‑free. iTunes for Windows Windows System Requirements Hardware: PC with a 1GHz Intel or AMD processor with support for SSE2 and 512MB of RAM To play standard-definition video from the iTunes Store, an Intel Pentium D or faster processor, 512MB of RAM, and a DirectX 9.0–compatible video card is required To play 720p HD video, an iTunes LP, or iTunes Extras, a 2.0GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor, 1GB of RAM, and an Intel GMA X3000, ATI Radeon X1300, or NVIDIA GeForce 6150 or better is required To play 1080p HD video, a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor, 2GB of RAM, and an Intel GMA X4500HD, ATI Radeon HD 2400, or NVIDIA GeForce 8300 GS or better is required Screen resolution of 1024x768 or greater; 1280x800 or greater is required to play an iTunes LP or iTunes Extras 16-bit sound card and speakers Internet connection to use Apple Music, the iTunes Store, and iTunes Extras iTunes-compatible CD or DVD recorder to create audio CDs, MP3 CDs, or backup CDs or DVDs. Songs from the Apple Music catalog cannot be burned to a CD. Software: Windows 10 64-bit editions of Windows require the iTunes 64-bit installer 400MB of available disk space Some third-party visualizers may no longer be compatible with this version of iTunes. Please contact the developer for an updated visualizer that is compatible with iTunes 12.1 or later. Apple Music, iTunes Store, and iTunes Match availability may vary by country Apple Music trial requires sign-up and is available for new subscribers only. Plan automatically renews after trial. Looking for other versions? macOS Windows Microsoft Store iTunes is going places. Visit the iTunes Store on iOS to buy and download your favorite songs, TV shows, movies, and podcasts. You can also download the latest macOS for an all-new entertainment experience on desktop. Your library will transfer automatically to the new Apple Music app, Apple TV, and Apple Podcasts. And you’ll still have access to your favorite iTunes features, including your previous iTunes Store purchases, rentals, and imports and the ability to easily manage your library. Open the iTunes Store Get iTunes support Music, TV, and podcasts take center stage. iTunes forever changed the way people experienced music, movies, TV shows, and podcasts. It all changes again with three all-new, dedicated apps — Apple Music, Apple TV, and Apple Podcasts — each designed from the ground up to be the best way to enjoy entertainment on your Mac. And rest assured; everything you had in your iTunes library is still accessible in each app. iCloud seamlessly syncs everything across your devices — or you can back up, restore, and sync by connecting the device directly to your Mac. Presenting Apple Music on Mac. The Apple Music app is the ultimate music streaming experience on Mac.1 Explore a library with millions of songs, discover new artists and tracks, find the perfect playlist, download and listen offline, or enjoy all the music you’ve collected over the years. And find it all in your music library on all your devices. Start your free trial Learn more Watch Ted Lasso on the Apple TV app Apple TV. Premiering on Mac. The Apple TV app for Mac is the new home for all your favorite movies, shows, premium channels, and Apple TV+. Watch everything directly in the app or enjoy it offline, and discover the best of what’s on in the Watch Now tab. You can even pick up where you left off on any screen, across all your devices. And for the first time, 4K2 and Dolby Atmos3-supported movies are available on Mac. Learn more about the Apple TV app Learn more about Apple TV+ Listen up. Podcasts on Mac. More than 700,000 of the best entertainment, comedy, news, and sports shows are now available on your Mac with Apple Podcasts. Search for podcasts by title, topic, guest, host, content, and more. Subscribe and be notified as soon as new episodes become available. And in the Listen Now tab, you can easily pick up where you left off across all your devices. iTunes Support can help answer your questions Get help with syncing, updating to a more recent version of iTunes, or with an iTunes Store purchase — and much more. Learn more Looking for a previous version of iTunes? Download earlier versions of iTunes to work with compatible operating systems and hardware. Find previous versions of iTunes Apple Footer A subscription is required for the Apple Music service. 4K, 4K HDR, 4K Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, and HDR10 content is available on all Mac models introduced in 2018 or later with 4K-resolution screens. Dolby Atmos is available on Mac notebooks introduced in 2018 or later.  Apple Music iTunes Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supplier Responsibility About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map