ESRB Ratings | Entertainment Software Ratings Board ESRB Home Publishers Privacy Certified Ratings Ratings GuideIn-depth information on the ESRB rating system. Ratings ProcessFind out how we assign age and content ratings. Where to Find RatingsWhether online or in-store, here is where you can find our ratings. Frequently Asked Questions Tools for Parents Parental ControlsLearn how to manage your family’s video game and device use. Family Gaming GuideA user-friendly guide to help you manage your kids’ video game experiences. Mobile AppDownload our free mobile app to search ratings on the go. ¡Vamos a Jugar! Blog About Our HistoryAssigning age and content ratings since 1994. Contact Advanced Search ESRB ratings provide information about what’s in video game Search ESRB Game Ratings Most Viewed Games: Starfield System Shock (Remake) Minecraft Baldur's Gate 3 Just Dance 2024 Saints Row See All → ESRB ratings provide information about what’s in a game or app so parents and consumers can make informed choices about which games are right for their family. Ratings have 3 parts: Rating Categories, Content Descriptors, and Interactive Elements. Learn More About Ratings About the ESRB Our primary mission is to help parents make informed decisions about the video games and apps their children play. Our Advertising Review Council actively enforces industry-adopted advertising guidelines, and our Privacy Certified program helps ensure responsible web and mobile privacy practices. Learn More about ESRB Rating Categories Content Descriptors Interactive Elements Rating Summary Rating categories suggest age appropriateness. Learn More About Ratings Content Descriptors indicate content that may have triggered a particular rating and/or may be of interest or concern. Learn More About Ratings Interactive Elements highlight interactive or online features that may be of interest or concern but do not influence the rating assignment of a product. This includes users’ ability to interact with each other, the sharing of users’ location with other users, if purchases of digital goods or services are offered, and/or if unrestricted internet access is provided. Learn More About Ratings Rating Summaries are assigned to many physical games and provide more detailed information about the content in a game and its context. You can find rating summaries when you conduct a ratings search on this site or download our mobile app. Learn More About Ratings ← → Tools for Parents ESRB ratings make it easy for parents to get informed about the video games their kids play, but there’s more parents can do to stay involved and up to date. Learn how to set parental controls, manage your kids’ gameplay experiences using our Family Gaming Guide, download the ESRB mobile app, and more. View All Tools for Parents Parental Controls Parental controls are available for virtually every device and allow you to block games and apps by rating, set time limits, manage in-game purchases, restrict access to the Internet, and more → Family Gaming Guide This user-friendly guide will help provide you with the information you need to manage your kids’ video gameplay experiences and keep peace of mind. → ESRB Mobile App Use our free mobile app to look up rating information, including Rating Summaries, on the go. → ¡Vamos a Jugar! Las clasificaciones de ESRB facilitan que los padres estén informados sobre los videojuegos que juegan sus hijos, pero hay más cosas que los padres pueden hacer para mantenerse involucrados y actualizados. → ← → ESRB Blog Put Safety First this Safer Internet Day We always teach our kids to buckle up as soon as they sit down in a car. Or to look both ways before they cross the street. It’s “safety first” of course! This is no different with online safety, and Safer Internet Day is always a great opportunity to conduct an annual check-up on your […] Read the Full Story View All Did You Know? 67% of the ESRB ratings assigned to physical and console downloadable video games in 2022 were either E (Everyone) or E10+ (Everyone 10+). Learn More on our Blog Did You Know? 84% of parents who purchase physical video games for their children are aware of ESRB ratings and 74% regularly check them before buying a game. (Source: Hart Research Associates, 2022) Learn More on our Blog Did You Know? Most parents consider each part (Rating Category, Content Descriptors, Interactive Elements) of the ESRB rating system to be either “very” or “extremely” important when deciding if a game or app is appropriate for their kids. (Source: Hart Research Associates, 2022) Learn More on Ratings Guide Did You Know? Industry guidelines, which are enforced by the ESRB, prohibit the inappropriate target marketing of Mature-rated games. Learn More about Principles and Guidelines Did You Know? ESRB has an enforcement system which allows for the imposition of sanctions, fines (including fines up to $1 million), and corrective actions on publishers for non-compliance with its guidelines. Learn More about Rating Process Did You Know? According to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 87% of kids under the age of 17 are turned away when trying to buy an M-rated game at retail. Learn More on our Blog Did You Know? The late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia wrote: “This [ESRB rating] system does much to ensure that minors cannot purchase seriously violent games on their own, and that parents who care about the matter can readily evaluate the games their children bring home.” Learn More at supremecourt.gov Did You Know? The E (Everyone) rating was originally called K-A (Kids to Adults) but was changed in 1998. Learn More in History of ESRB Did You Know? The ESRB rating system has three parts – Rating Categories, Content Descriptors and Interactive Elements, the latter of which were introduced in 2013. Learn More on Ratings Guide Did You Know? Introduced in 2008, Rating Summaries provide greater detail about the content in physical games rated by the ESRB, and are exclusively available on this website or the ESRB mobile app by conducting a title search. Learn More on Ratings Guide Did You Know? ESRB uses more than 30 different Content Descriptors to help communicate what’s in a game. Learn More on Ratings Guide Did You Know? The FTC considers the ESRB to have “the strongest self-regulatory code” among media rating systems in the U.S. and has confirmed that retailers maintain a high store policy compliance rate. Learn More on our Blog Did You Know? Founded in 2013 by many of the world’s leading video game rating authorities, the International Age Rating Coalition (IARC) administers the first globally streamlined age classification process for digital games and mobile apps that respects the unique cultural norms of each region. Learn More at globalratings.com Did You Know? In 1999 ESRB Privacy Online (now called ESRB Privacy Certified) launched its certification program and was sanctioned by the FTC as a “Safe Harbor” under Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Learn More on privacy Did You Know? More than 70% of parents would be more comfortable allowing their children to download and play a game certified by ESRB Privacy Certified (Source: Hart Research Associates, 2018). Learn More on privacy Did You Know? It’s never too late to have “the conversation” with your kids about what, when, and how they can play! Learn More on Family gaming guide Did You Know? Activating parental controls on your children’s video game devices helps you enforce house rules, such as limiting play time, blocking games with certain ESRB ratings, and managing in-game spending. Learn More on Parental controls Did You Know? The average gamer is 33 years old. Learn More at theesa.com ← → Need Help? Contact Us. Keep up to date! Sign up for email alerts and the latest news from ESRB. Sign Up Proud member of Site MapHome Search ESRB Ratings Most Viewed Games Recently Rated Games Ratings Ratings Guide Ratings Process Where to Find Ratings ESRB Retail Council Frequently Asked Questions Tools for Parents Parental Controls Family Gaming Guide Mobile App ¡Vamos a Jugar! Blog ESRB Blog About Our History The Team Careers Contact Contact Form Search ESRB.org © 2024 Entertainment Software Association. The ESRB rating icons are registered trademarks of the Entertainment Software Association. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy