World Wide Fund for Nature | WWF Skip to main content search Main navigation Close Learn Animals Landscapes Climate Change Food Systems Listen to our podcast series Fascinating facts Schools & Teachers Quizzes Our Reports Forest Pathways Report Rewilding Act Petition: Stop the destruction of nature Eat4Change – food matters 24 things you can do in 2024 Wild Isles Download the My Footprint app Calculate your footprint Fundraise for us Eat more sustainably What your business can do Inspiring the next generation Campaign for nature Support Adopt an animal Donate Become a member Visit our shop Play our Weekly Lottery Join the WWF Guardians Philanthropy Leave a gift in your Will Give in memory Pay in your fundraising Challenge Events Climate Recovery Fund Explore our 'Go Wild!' Kids Membership About About WWF-UK Who we work with WWF Scotland WWF Cymru How we are governed Success stories Jobs Contact us FAQs Search Close Sign up to get the latest WWF news delivered straight to your inbox Close menu Fundraising Header Adopt Donate Membership Stop the destruction of nature Our world is in crisis. We’re losing precious wildlife as their homes are destroyed. Our leaders must stop fuelling the destruction of nature and start bringing our world back to life. Sign the petition © naturepl.com / Denis-Huot / WWF Take action for your world WWF's Earth Hour - 23 March, 8.30-9.30pm Join millions around the world for Earth Hour 2024. Switch off and give an hour for earth to help bring our world back to life. Find out more Enter today to win big Play our Weekly Lottery for your chance to win big prizes and support our natural world - all proceeds go directly to WWF and there are over 100 prizes each week! 18+ to play. WWF weekly lottery How you helped make a difference The climate and nature crisis can feel overwhelming, but we have reasons for hope and progress is being made. How you helped Success Stories New legislation to protect forests New hope for African rhinos Restoring the Tiger’s Amur Heilong Home Networks of Support in the Amazon Shop For Your World Shop our New Arrivals Collection May Botanicals by Georgia May Jagger Paul Delaney Collection Plush Toys and Games What's happening in your world Update type (field_update_type_term) - Any -Hide from HomepageNewsPolicy InsightsBlogsReportsSuccess storiesPress releases - Any - News Policy Insights Blogs Reports Success stories Press releases Learn these top 10 facts about bees Our tips on how to bee friendly 5 ways to help our wellbeing with nature Ein Llwyddiannau yng Nghymru yn 2023! Pagination … … Next page More Last page Last » Bringing our world back to life Join the race to save our world Sign up to be kept informed about our conservation work and how you can help such as fundraising, campaigning and events. You can unsubscribe at any time. Sign up About WWF UK Headquarters Press contacts Contact us FAQs Jobs DE&I Strategy Legal Terms & Conditions About Cookies Privacy and Data Protection Annual Report and Financial Statements Gender Pay Gap report Modern Slavery Statement Safeguarding policy Follow us WWF-UK is a registered charity in England and Wales 1081247 and in Scotland SC039593 and a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales 4016725.