The future is equal | Oxfam International Skip to main content The future is equal Blogs Press releases Research icon-search Submit search Language English Français Español What we do Ending poverty Water and sanitation Food, climate and natural resources Conflicts and disasters Extreme inequality and essential services Gender justice and women’s rights Inequality Inc Responding to emergencies GAZA CRISIS APPEAL Bangladesh Rohingya refugee crisis Climate and food crisis in East Africa Crisis in Syria Crisis in Yemen Hunger crisis in South Sudan Open Call for an Immediate Ceasefire in the Gaza Strip and Israel Working worldwide About us Take action Campaign with us Covid-19 vaccine: demand protection for everyone Towards COP 27 Climate Justice End the suffering behind your food Survival Of The Richest: How Billionaires Are Amassing Eye-watering Wealth Amid Crisis Join the community of #ClimateChangers Say 'Enough' to violence against women and girls Join the global movement for change Work with us Volunteer with us Donate Donate icon-search Submit search Blogs Press releases Research Inequality Inc Since 2020, the richest five men in the world have doubled their fortunes. During the same period, almost five billion people globally have become poorer. Hardship and hunger are a daily reality for many people worldwide. Read More Looking for your nearest Oxfam Oxfam is a global organization with affiliates in 20 countries. To see the information that is most relevant for you, visit your local Oxfam. Default link Our work Wealth of five richest men doubles since 2020 as five billion people made poorer in "decade of division," says Oxfam The world’s five richest men have more than doubled their fortunes from $405 billion to $869 billion since 2020 —at a rate of $14 million per hour— while nearly five billion people have been made poorer, reveals a new Oxfam report on inequality and global corporate power. If current trends continue, the world will have its first trillionaire within a decade but poverty won’t be eradicated for another 229 years. Open Call for an Immediate Ceasefire #CeasefireNow: Open Call for an Immediate Ceasefire in the Gaza Strip and Israel to Prevent a Humanitarian Catastrophe and Further Loss of Innocent Lives. We have witnessed unfathomable death and destruction in the Gaza Strip and Israel. Thousands of people have been killed, injured, displaced, and nearly two hundred remain held hostage, including children and elderly. 5 reasons to believe that change is possible In a world riddled with conflict and disaster, it can be hard to keep up believing in a betterfuture. Could you use a little extra optimism these days? Well, our new Annual Report ispacked with stories that tell us that change isn’t just possible – it’s happening. New EU supply chain rules hang by a thread after last-minute French wrecking ball Today, EU ambassadors failed to rubber-stamp the recently agreed deal on new EU supply chain rules. This law — the Corporate Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) — aims to make companies accountable for the damage they cause to people and the planet. Less than 8 cents in every dollar of tax revenue collected in G20 countries comes from taxes on wealth, says Oxfam Less than eight cents in every dollar raised in tax revenue in G20 countries now comes from taxes on wealth, reveals new analysis by Oxfam today ahead of the first meeting of G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Oxfam warns of growing hunger crisis in Tigray and Amhara regions as families resort to extreme measures to survive Families still reeling from the aftermath of a two-year conflict in Tigray are now resorting to increasingly desperate measures to survive. The conflict and erratic rainfall throughout the north of the country has further exacerbated the planting season which threatens to plunge the region into deeper humanitarian catastrophe if nothing is done, warns Oxfam. The future is equal Oxfam is a global movement of people, working together to end the injustice of poverty. That means we tackle the inequality that keeps people poor. Together, we save, protect and rebuild lives when disaster strikes. We help people build better lives for themselves, and for others. we take on issues like land rights, climate change and discrimination against women. And we won’t stop until every person on the planet can enjoy life free from poverty. Join us. Our impact at a glance Worldwide world-map Oxfam works in 85 countries around the world. Choose a country to find out more. Choose a country Select country or region Algeria Bangladesh Benin Bolivia Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Central African Republic Chad Colombia Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo ETHIOPIA Egypt El Salvador Fiji Ghana Guatemala Haiti Honduras Indonesia Iraq Jordan Kenya Laos Lebanon Malawi Mali Mauritania Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Nepal Niger Nigeria Niue Occupied Palestinian Territory and Israel Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Solomon Islands Somalia South Sudan Syria Timor-Leste (East Timor) Tunisia Uganda Vanuatu Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Join us Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Email Sign up social-facebook social-twitter social-youtube social-instagram About Oxfam What we believe How we fight inequality to beat poverty How we are organized Our history Our finances and accountability Oxfam Policy & Practice Our commitment to safeguarding Frequently Asked Questions Scam warning Issues we work on Conflicts and disasters Extreme inequality and essential services Food, climate and natural resources Gender justice and women’s rights Water and sanitation Help us save lives Bangladesh Rohingya refugee crisis Climate and food crisis in East Africa Crisis in Syria Crisis in Yemen Hunger crisis in South Sudan Support our work Donate now Campaign with us Work with us Volunteer with us Join the global movement for change Contact | Privacy | Cookies notice | Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2024 Oxfam International. All rights reserved. CHS-certiﬁed by HQAI Looks like you're in the USA Please confirm your location so we can give you the best experience. United States Outside the US Oxfam