Accessify - Web accessibility tools and resources Accessify.com Analyze Tools & Wizards About Us Get Actionable Tips on How To Optimize Your Website Run a Free Performance Test Analyse Let us test a web page speed and audit all its critical elements. See all existing bottlenecks, errors and issues. Get free tips on how to improve website speed and performance. What We Analyze Page Load Time Test how well a site loads and identify the slowest elements. Social Sharing Find out if a page has Open Graph description to look good in social media. Page Size Find out file sizes of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, images and optimize them. IP Address Discover how many websites are using the same IP address. Visitor World Map Identify how far away a website's user base is located from its actual server. HTTPS Certificate Learn whether a website has up-to-date SSL certificate. Language and Encoding Define whether actual language on a page matches the claimed parameters. Requests Learn how many different requests were made to render a web page. Page Load Time Test how well a site loads and identify the slowest elements. Social Sharing Find out if a page has Open Graph description to look good in social media. Page Size Find out file sizes of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, images and optimize them. IP Address Discover how many websites are using the same IP address. Visitor World Map Identify how far away a website's user base is located from its actual server. HTTPS Certificate Learn whether a website has up-to-date SSL certificate. Language and Encoding Define whether actual language on a page matches the claimed parameters. Requests Learn how many different requests were made to render a web page. See Performance Analytics for Other Web Pages arjsolutionblog.wordpress.com tcgmap.jp viniloff.com.ua tor-bit.net grand-fit.jp badboysbailbonds.com topsectoren.nl juicycontacts.com orugarugaru.xyz faithincurls.com Accessify A Collection of Accessibility Tools and Goodies Just for You… If this is your first visit here, we recommend you check out the following: 1 Tools & Wizards Use the tools and wizards section (specifically the accessibility tools page) Latest updates Try out the new Quick Form Builder tool There's another new(ish) tool, Skipnav Builder — give it a whirl! Also new is the jQuery Function Builder List-O-Matic gets a complete facelift and now allows nested navigation 2 Screencasts The new accessibility screencasts section, demonstrating accessible techniques in action (as well as video examples of how to use some of this site's tools). Enjoy your stay — and we hope you come back again soon! 👋 Videos Features Contact Us Legal Accessibility Statement Removal Request Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Check another website Analyze Accessify.com All Rights Reserved © 2002-2024