AFT - American Federation of Teachers - A Union of Professionals Jump to navigation Member Benefits How to Join En Espanol Menu Member Benefits How to Join En Espanol About Us Expand menu Mission AFT Leadership Resolutions State of the Union AFT Constitution Financial Statements History Contact Our Members Expand menu Early childhood educators PreK-12 teachers Paraprofessionals & school-related personnel Higher education FAQ on Students for Fair Admissions v. Harvard and Students for Fair Admissions v. UNC Nurses and health professionals Public employees Retirees Our Community Expand menu Real Solutions for Kids and Communities Literacy Community Schools Experiential Learning Safety, Mental Health and Well-being Investments and Resources Toolkit Celebrating Women's History Month at the AFT Standing in Solidarity with Our AAPI Community Powerful Partnerships Institute What Kids and Communities Need Campaign Events Code Red Disasters & emergencies Emergency preparedness Earthquakes Hurricane preparedness & relief Gun violence prevention Immigration Background & resources Standing united to protect immigrant rights Standing United toolkit DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) Immigration ICE raids Member voices Our partners on immigration Unaccompanied refugee children Public Service Loan Forgiveness Reading Opens The World Safe and welcoming public schools for all Health Hub Meet Your Health Issues Team Webinars Monkeypox and Polio Health & Safety Committees Asbestos & Chemical Exposures Take Our Health and Safety Survey Heat Hazards Emergency Preparedness and Response Nurses and Healthcare Professionals COVID-19 Resources Injury & Illness Reporting Requirements Mental Health OSHA Factsheets and Quick Cards Voice Injuries Food Service Hazards OSHA Outreach Training Occupational Stress Ergonomics Workplace Violence Health Hub: Safe Laboratories Bloodborne Pathogens Workplace Bullying Green Cleaning Health Hub: Indoor Environmental Quality and Mold Gun Violence Take Action Expand menu AFT Votes The American Rescue Plan American Rescue Plan Accomplishments National & local actions Subscribe to AFT e-newsletters Press Center Expand menu Press Releases New York Times columns Blog Speeches What Kids, Teachers and Communities Need News Expand menu Latest News Publications American Educator Issues Index Author Index Subject Index Article Submission Change of Address Copyright Permission Peer Review Board Application Peer Review Board AFT Health Care Issues Index Author Index Subject Index Article Submission Change of Address Copyright Permission Peer Review Board Application AFT resources for organizing and back to school programs AFT Voices Randi's Corner Browse AFT Videos Union Talk Podcast Search Search search Funding our future School funding currently is not adequate to create equal opportunity for students from all backgrounds. Read the column Black History Month at the AFT As an education-based union, the AFT recognizes the origin of Black History Month not just as an opportunity for learning but as an example of Black excellence. Real solutions for kids and communities America’s educators are addressing hard issues like loneliness, learning loss and literacy. Learn more American Educator, Winter 2023-2024 The new American Educator offers strategies to support students in K-12 and higher education and prepare them for a successful future. Read the issue AFT Executive Council Adopts Resolution Unanimously Calling for the End of the Israel-Hamas War by Negotiated Bilateral Cease-Fire, Promoting Steps Toward a Two-State Solution for Israeli and Palestinian Self-Determination News The American Federation of Teachers executive council, the body representing the union’s 1.72 million educators, higher education professionals, healthcare workers and public employees, unanimously adopted an omnibus statement addressing the war in the Middle East and its impact on the United States. Read more Talkspace and the American Federation of Teachers Join Forces to Enhance Mental Health Support for Educators, Healthcare Workers and Public Employees Nurses & Health Professionals Talkspace (NASDAQ: TALK), a leading online behavioral healthcare company, announced a new partnership with the American Federation of Teachers (AFT). The partnership will offer discounted access to high-quality therapy and evidenced-based mental health resources, including curated monthly content, to the AFT’s 1.7 million members, including educators, paraprofessionals, nurses, health professionals and retirees. Read more University of Hawaii Professional Assembly Votes to Join Forces with American Federation of Teachers PUBLIC EDUCATION The University of Hawaii Professional Assembly board of directors voted unanimously today to affiliate with the largest higher education union—and one of the most influential unions—in the nation, the American Federation of Teachers Learn more Teachers Unions, Micron and New York State Launch $4 Million Advanced Technology Learning Framework Public Education A pioneering learning toolkit launched today will help hundreds of students develop the foundational skills necessary for career success in the booming semiconductor industry. Read more Hospitalists in Oregon and Washington vote to unionize Heathcare Doctors at six Legacy Health hospitals in Oregon and Washington voted overwhelmingly to unionize; the vote was certified by the National Labor Relations Board Nov. 17. Read more Filipino Nurses Seek National Labor Relations Board Review of Repressive CommuniCare Employment Contracts Healthcare Today, five Filipino immigrant nurses filed charges with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) against their former employer, CommuniCare Family of Companies, to challenge the company’s use of training repayment agreement provisions (TRAPs) in the nurses’ employment contracts. Read more AFT Public Employees take on short staffing, AI Real Solutions Their gaze on the horizon, AFT public employees brainstormed solutions at their professional issues conference, tackling the most serious issues facing workers in the public sector, from staffing shortages to artificial intelligence to retirement security. Read more The soul of education: Why school board wins matter Public Education Last week, voters made it clear: They’ve had enough. In race after race, parents and voters sent a sweeping message that they want real solutions to address learning loss, literacy and loneliness and to help prepare young people for college and career. They want public schools where all kids are welcome—no matter what—and teachers and kids can thrive. Class cancellations, pay gaps drive ongoing faculty strike Public Education Adjunct faculty at Columbia College in Chicago are standing strong, entering week three of a strike that is holding administrators accountable for undervaluing faculty and harming students. Read the journal AFT Passes Resolution Condemning Hate and Affirming Freedom of Speech on Campus Public Education Union’s Governing Executive Council Votes Unanimously to Uphold Foundation of Democracy as Members and the College Communities They Serve Face Increasing Threats and Attacks Read more Exponential community school success in Rome, N.Y. Public Education When people talk about community schools, they might have one in mind—one public school where students feel held and safe, where their basic needs are met so they are prepared to learn and where, if they are experiencing life challenges—from a small hiccup like getting to school on time to life-altering trauma—there are people at school who can help. AFT members in central New York have not one but scores of schools like this. Read more St. Peter's Health clinic nurses secure a voice with union victory Nurses & Health Professionals Mental and behavioral health professionals at Legacy Health’s Unity Center for Behavioral Health in Portland, Ore., voted to join the Oregon Nurses Association on Aug. 23 after months of organizing. Read more Read the report Disaster Relief Resources In the wake of floods and in the midst of wildfires, the AFT is doing all that we can to help. Click here for our disaster relief resources. Real Solutions Palm Card Read in EnglishLeer en español Banner Ad: AFT Book Club Teacher Shortage Task Force Report Randi's Corner News and resources from the office of the president Read more from AFT President Randi Weingarten AFT Calendar AFT Convention 2024 Houston, TX AFT Convention 2026 Washington, DC See more Stay Connected Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Text Tumblr Join Us Email Zip Add Your Name Randi Weingarten President Fedrick C. Ingram Secretary-Treasurer Evelyn DeJesus Executive Vice President Our Mission The AFT is a union of professionals that champions fairness; democracy; economic opportunity; and high-quality public education, healthcare and public services for our students, their families and our communities. We are committed to advancing these principles through community engagement, organizing, collective bargaining and political activism, and especially through the work our members do. Contact AFT Store Careers at AFT Privacy Policy © American Federation of Teachers, AFL-CIO. All rights reserved. Photographs and illustrations, as well as text, cannot be used without permission from the AFT.