Home | Montreal Gazette | Montreal GazetteSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search montrealgazette.com Perform search Montreal Gazette Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search montrealgazette.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscription News Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette National More National News World World News Wire Health Family & Child COVID-19 True Crime Podcasts Weather Archives Sports Hockey Inside Out Montreal Canadiens NHL PWHL More Hockey Laval Rocket Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL CF Montréal MLS Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf Tennis Auto Racing Opinion Aislin and other editorial cartoons Columnists Editorials Send Us an Opinion Column or Letter Business Local Business Featured businesses FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Real Estate Technology Gaming Internet Science Montreal's Top Employers Arts Local Arts Montreal movies Montreal theatre Television TV Listings Music Books Celebrity Life Fashion & Beauty Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Diet & Fitness Parenting Homes Condos New Homes & Condos Travel Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Travel Guide Advice Horoscopes Contests National Contests Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Healthing Driving ePaper Remembering Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Celebrations Real Estate Pet Posts & Adoptions Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles Comics Healthing Driving ePaper Remembering Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Home | Montreal Gazette | Montreal GazetteAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Local News Researchers unpack claims McGill, Concordia are overfunded and hurting French “Ideological arguments underline what appears to be a conflation of two different problems: the chronic underfunding of the university system and the future of French in Quebec.” with Video Local News Local News Quebec is the epicentre of measles outbreak in Canada: public health with Video 30 Comments Local News Columnists Brownstein: Another legendary resto closing as Bar B Barn owner retires with Video 10 Comments Bill Brownstein Columnists Politics Quebec irked as Ottawa imposes increase in family unification permits with Video 81 Comments Politics News Quebec allows X gender markers for driver's licences, health cards with Video News Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsNationalWorld Federal environment minister pledges $7.5 million to protect habitat Canada's environment minister announced funding for 56 conservation projects and promised to protect monarch habitat on Montreal island. 14 hours ago Local News Luka Magnotta now living in medium-security prison Correctional Service Canada has confirmed the transfer to Quebec's La Macaza prison in 2022. 9 Comments 11 hours ago Crime Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Quebec electoral commission goes ahead with redistricting plan despite political opposition The three opposition parties oppose a plan to eliminate the constituencies of Gaspé and Anjou to create two new ones in Centre-du-Québec and the Laurentians. 12 hours ago Quebec Guilbeault reiterates call for Quebec to protect caribou population Federal minister warn that if Quebec does not act, he will have the legal obligation to do so. 17 hours ago Quebec Pope Francis names former judge to investigate Quebec cardinal facing sex allegations The 66-year-old archbishop of Quebec City has denied the allegations and described the claim as "unfounded." 14 hours ago Quebec More news stories > Trending Brownstein: Another legendary resto closing as Bar B Barn owner retires Quebec irked as Ottawa imposes increase in family unification permits Habs prospect Florian Xhekaj a physical, scoring force for Bulldogs Jack Todd: Staged fights in the NHL are complete trash Quebec is the epicentre of measles outbreak in Canada: public health Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Montreal. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports Jack Todd: Staged fights in the NHL are complete trash If rugby and football can get by without fighting, then so can hockey. It’s an absurd vestige of a bygone time. with Video 52 Comments Jack Todd 19 hours ago Columnists Habs prospect Florian Xhekaj a physical, scoring force for Bulldogs “I don’t think I’ve been this hot before but it’s good. I’m getting good bounces and everything I shoot seems to be going in.” with Video 20 Comments 13 hours ago Hockey Inside Out Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Alouettes QB Cody Fajardo excited by challenge of defending CFL title "I think our goal is set on repeating (as Grey Cup champions) and I believe this team has the opportunity to do that." with Video 15 hours ago Montreal Alouettes Hidden Game: Another good effort, but no cigar for the Canadiens on the road Despite a 4-3 shootout loss to the Lightning, this team hasn't quit and won't play out the string in what will be another non-playoff season. with Video 38 Comments 2 days ago Montreal Canadiens About Last Night: Canadiens lose second straight in a shootout Cayden Primeau stopped 30 of 33 shots against the Lightning and continues to prove he deserves a longer leash to become the team's permanent backup. with Video 21 Comments 1 day ago Hockey Inside Out More sports stories > Around the NetworkHeadline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Opinion Opinion: Denis Coderre may not be right for Liberals, but he's done the party a favour Public awareness of the Quebec Liberals' leadership vacuum has risen considerably since the former Montreal mayor signalled his likely intent to run for the job. with Video 7 Comments Dónal Gill 16 hours ago Opinion Gallery: Aislin and other editorial cartoonists — March 2024 21 hours ago Opinion Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Robert Libman: Bill 21 ruling exposes perils of override clause The pre-emptive use of the "notwithstanding" provisions in the Canadian and Quebec charters of rights makes a mockery of our legal system. with Video 215 Comments Robert Libman 3 days ago Columnists John Ivison: Here’s to the blustering, funny, vain, exceptional, sometimes inexplicable Brian Mulroney He would have enthusiastically agreed with those saying he'll go down in history as a great prime minister with Video John Ivison 4 days ago Opinion Opinion: A cartoonist's unlikely friendship with Brian Mulroney His reaction to my caricatures? All he could do was grit his teeth, grin and bear it. with Video Terry Mosher 3 days ago Opinion More opinion stories > weather (Montreal) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Business TVA, union reach tentative contract deal The broadcaster is in the process of reducing its total workforce by 31 per cent, or 547 employees. 1 day ago Local Business Here's how much more Canadians will pay as Air Canada, WestJet increase checked baggage fee "The lack of reaction in the marketplace to this baggage increase is a harbinger of what we can expect from the airlines," says John Gradek, a faculty lecturer at McGill University with Video 3 days ago National Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Major grocers expanding discount footprint as customers keep budgets tight Each of the major Canadian grocers has several different store brands, also known as “banners” — from high-end to conventional to discount. 1 day ago National 'Nobody needs an extra coat': Apparel sector braces for another year of no splurging Hesitance to spend is stemming from soaring prices, high interest rates, layoffs and a slog toward recovering from pandemic debt. 4 days ago National Brownstein: Montreal video-game legend gives back by supporting women in computer science Jade Raymond, head of Haven Studios and co-creator of the Assassin's Creed franchise, has made a major donation to McGill University, her alma mater. with Video Bill Brownstein 4 days ago Columnists More business stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Entertainment Quebec actor, radio personality Paul Houde dies at 69 His wife, Francine Audette, says his death was due to a complication following surgery to remove a mass from his brain. 2 days ago Local News Growing up Catholic in Quebec shaped Denis Villeneuve's vision of Dune "The pressure of religion, the idea that you can use God as a tool to manipulate people, is something I think that's very relevant today in certain parts of the world, including ours." with Video 4 days ago Montreal movies Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Concerns mount about 'major financial problems' at Just for Laughs Club owners and comedians are wondering why the festival has been so silent lately. with Video 23 Comments Bill Brownstein 6 days ago Columnists Montreal filmmaker emerges from 'the fog' to find his birth mother and discover The Rock Powerful documentary A Quiet Girl chronicling Adrian Wills's quest to find his biological mother in Newfoundland will have its Montreal première on Friday. 6 days ago Montreal movies Quebec's Monia Chokri wins France's César award for best foreign film Simple comme Sylvain came out on top of Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Nolan," Chokri said when she accepted her award. with Video February 25, 2024 News More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Life Another viral food trend hits Montreal with Café Alphabet's pink matcha drink Thursday, Feb. 29, is the last day they will be regular fixtures on the menu but the 'Freddo Amour' will make a comeback for one day only on International Women's Day. with Video 4 days ago Local Business 5 Exo lines, 5 days of March break. Here are cool activities you can get to by train We won't judge you if you decide to choose only one or two — or if you decide the train ride itself is the adventure. with Video 6 days ago Parenting Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Six O’Clock Solution: Garlicky, creamy mashed potatoes are friends-and-family tested Chef Dennis Prescott calls the collection in Cook With Confidence “rock-solid keeper recipes.” 6 days ago Recipes Hotel Intel: Marinas condos add chic to Magog's main street Water activities prevail in summer and the condo-hotel is near Magog Marine, a summertime hub for boating and fishing, as well as the town’s beaches and bike trail. February 23, 2024 Travel Updated: All EMSB schools will be closed during April's solar eclipse — even FACE The totality will last around three minutes. What's the big deal, anyway? with Video February 23, 2024 Parenting More life stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 21 hours ago Obesity Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 21 hours ago Obesity Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion Hospital gifts for men: Comfort and entertainment for a speedy recovery When the men in our lives face the challenge of recovery in a hospital setting, finding the right way to support them can significantly influence their healing. 3 days ago Health Essentials More healthing stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving 'Rust Bros' drive big-block 1968 Chevy from B.C. to Toronto’s Motorama Mike Hall and Avery Shoaf are steering a vintage Chevelle clear across the country—and then plan to head on to Las Vegas with Video 14 hours ago Vintage & Collectible 1947 Delahaye, 1962 Ferrari take Best in Show at Amelia Island Concours The prestigious concours finished out a weekend full of classic-car events at the annual show in Florida with Video 16 hours ago Auto Shows Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Hyundai's 2025 Ioniq 5 updated, finally adds rear wiper The popular EV is also getting a bigger battery for better range, but exactly how much better that range is, we don't yet know with Video 16 hours ago New Vehicles A frozen Quebec lake is no place for a Lamborghini. Or is it? We got the chance to drift Lamborghini models on ice, including a Huracán Sterrato with Video 1 day ago Speed & Performance Listen to the magnificent roar of the V12 Pontiac ‘Pegasus’ The exhaust note of this wild Ferrari-powered ‘70s GM concept car is much talked about but rarely heard—well, until now, that is with Video 3 days ago Vintage & Collectible More driving stories > Advertisement 10AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles ePaper SubscribeFollow Montreal Gazette Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK