Hearing Aids and Solutions | Phonak Close Online hearing test Sign In myPhonak Login to your profile, up-to-date information surrounding your hearing needs Professional Login Get enhanced service and support from, instantly share evidence and literature with your clients & colleagues. Find a provider Hearing Solutions Your Hearing Journey Starts Here Online Hearing Test Find a Provider Hearing Devices and Solutions View All Hearing Aids Audéo Lumity Naída Lumity Sky Lumity CROS Lumity Phonak Slim Lyric Terra Hearing Accessories View All Hearing Aid Accessories TV Connector for Hearing Aids Phonak PartnerMic Phonak RemoteControl Hearing Aid Batteries and Chargers Serenity Choice Earplugs Roger Wireless Microphones View All Roger Devices Roger On Roger Select Roger Clip-On Mic Roger Table Mic II Roger Focus II Roger for Education Hearing Aid Apps View all Hearing Aid Apps myPhonak myPhonak Junior myRoger Mic Compare Hearing Aids Support Support Support Home Phone Compatibility Checker How to videos Bluetooth Setup Hearing Aid Maintenance Phonak Apps Roger Wireless Microphones Hearing Aid Accessories User Guides View all User Guides Lumity Platform Paradise Platform Marvel Platform Lyric Phonak Apps Hearing Aid Accessories Roger Wireless Microphones Frequently asked questions All FAQs Bluetooth Streaming & Phone Calls Pairing and Connecting to Apps Hearing Aids Roger Wireless Microphones TV Connector Charging Issues Knowledge base For Professionals For Professionals Become a Hearing Care Partner Business Development Hearing Screener Audiology Hub Overview Evidence Library eAudiology Tools Pediatric Tools Family-Centered Care Tools Phonak Experts Events and Trainings Latest Innovations Overview Phonak Target Phoneme Perception Test Audiology Blog Well-Hearing Is Well-Being Well-Hearing is Well-Being Well-Hearing Overview Why Hearing Health Matters Life With Hearing Loss Overview Life With Hearing Aids Your Audiologist & You Help Your Loved Ones Overview Become an Ally Children with Hearing Loss Encourage Treatment HearingLikeMeBlog Close Conversations shine for everyone With Phonak Lumity Hearing aids Support Professionals Sign In Become a Partner Conversations are at the heart of life. A baby hearing their parents’ lullaby, a child being asked a question in class, a businesswoman hearing the important questions during a meeting or an elderly couple reminiscing about a well-loved movie together. Our hearing solutions open the door to a world in which all people can create meaningful relationships and enjoy a greater state of social-emotional, cognitive and physical well-being. Well-Hearing is Well-Being When we change the conversation from hearing loss as a sensory problem to hearing care as a part of healthy living, we can better help you to connect socially, thrive mentally and emotionally. Well-Hearing is Well-Being Phonak Lumity In order to fully participate in conversations, it’s important to understand what is being said, in any listening situation. Featuring our cutting-edge Phonak SmartSpeech™ Technology, Phonak Lumity prioritizes speech understanding and lets you experience conversations with peace of mind. Now available in our expanded Lumity portfolio, fitting a wider range of ages and degrees of hearing loss with the latest Lumity technology. What’s new with Lumity Explore Lumity models Audéo Lumity The ideal Lumity solution for those who desire a discreet RIC housing, featuring the most advanced technology for those with mild to severe hearing loss. Audéo Lumity Naída Lumity Our most powerful hearing devices, giving a robust and reliable solution to those who want to embrace all opportunities with the latest Lumity features. Naída Lumity Sky Lumity The pediatric option, equipped with the latest Lumity technology. Features a wide range of pediatric color combinations so children can embrace their uniqueness Sky Lumity CROS Lumity Our solution on the Lumity platform for those with unilateral hearing loss, featuring both CROS and BiCROS options. CROS Lumity Life Lumity All the latest Lumity features and advancements, in a waterproof* and sweatproof housing for those who live an active lifestyle. *up to 50 cm Audéo Life Slim For those who desire a comfortable and stylish profile, combined with state-of-the-art hearing performance. Slim Better hearing happens together Connect with a hearing care professional Find a provider Online Hearing Test Well-Hearing is Well-Being Support Find a provider Are you a hearing care professional? Become a Partner Guides and Insights Latest Innovations Business Development Become a Partner Solutions that challenge what’s possible We’re constantly working to build a broad portfolio of state-of-the-art hearing solutions that challenge the limits of technology and help people of all ages and degrees of hearing loss live their life to the fullest. Hearing aids Phonak’s broad variety of hearing aids is designed to meet every person’s specific needs and lifestyle. Hearing aids Roger™ wireless microphones The Roger portfolio allows people of all ages with hearing loss to fully participate in school, work, and in their social life, even in noisy or challenging listening situations. Roger wireless microphones Apps Phonak’s free, easy-to-use smartphone apps feature an enhanced user experience so you can get the most out of your Phonak devices when you connect them to the app. Apps Accessories Whether you’re watching TV or having a one-on-one conversation, Phonak’s wide range of hearing aid accessories were created to boost the performance of your hearing aids. Accessories Serenity Choice™ earplugs Serenity Choice earplugs are high-end hearing protection solutions designed to reduce noise and loud sounds while allowing the ear to breathe and keeping relevant sound and speech. Serenity Choice earplugs HearingLikeMe blog On the Phonak HearingLikeMe blog we bring together people from all around the world to share inspirational stories, news, and helpful tips for the hearing loss community, friends, and family. Together, we can learn to live with hearing loss more successfully and advocate in a more meaningful way. HearingLikeMe Blog Audiology blog The Audiology blog is where hearing care professionals can get useful guidance, resources, technology, and product news to stand out in the industry. Today, more than 100 experts from Phonak and across the hearing industry have contributed articles–sharing their insights, opinions, and stories with us, so we all can deliver the best service to our patients. Audiology blog Footnotes * In order to access health data, it is necessary to create an account within myPhonak app IOS is a registered trademark or trademark of Cisco Systems, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the United States and certain other countries. Android is a trademark of Google LLC. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Sonova is under license. Shape the future of hearing We need your help to create the best hearing experience! Plus, when you participate in research studies, you’ll be paid for your time, and studies can easily fit into your schedule. Activities include: One-on-one interviewsUsability test sessions Focus groups Join a growing global community who share their experiences and views today! Join the community Global Locations About Newsroom Careers Sonova group Hear the World Facebook Facebook for Professionals Instagram Linkedin Twitter Youtube Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Notice Certificates Internet Sales Policy Phonak – A Sonova brand