Homepage | Portland State University Skip to main content Search Apply Visit Campus Request Info Give myPSU I am a Alumni Student Faculty / Staff First Generation Student Parent Padre Student Veteran Transfer Student Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Online & Flexible Programs Graduate Programs Graduate Online & Flexible Programs University Studies Schools & Colleges College of Education College of Liberal Arts & Sciences College of the Arts College of Urban & Public Affairs Maseeh College of Engineering & Computer Science OHSU-PSU School of Public Health School of Social Work The Graduate School The School of Business University Honors College Academic Resources Academic Calendar Academic Advising Class Schedule Course Catalog Learning Outcomes Library Registrar Admissions How to Apply First Year Applicant Transfer Applicant Graduate Applicant International Applicant Postbaccalaureate Applicant Other Applicants Admitted Students Admitted Graduate Students Confirm Enrollment New Student Orientation Visit Schedule a Tour Virtual Tour Cost & Aid Undergraduate Tuition Graduate Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Athletics Student Life Campus Life Athletics Dining Housing Student Union Transportation & Parking Involvement & Leadership Clubs & Student Groups Jobs & Internships Student Government Health & Wellness Campus Recreation Student Health & Counseling Resource Centers Cultural Resource Centers Disability Resource Center Native American Student and Community Center Queer Resource Center Resources for Students with Children Transfer & Returning Students Resource Center Veteran's Resource Center Women's Resource Center Support Services Academic Advising BUILD EXITO Career Center Center for International & English Learning International Student Services Learning Center Library LSAMP Program McNair Scholars Program Multicultural Retention Services Student Legal Services Student Finance Study Abroad Technology Support TRIO Student Support Writing Center Diversity Global Diversity & Inclusion Student Life Dean of Student Life Research Research Research News Commercialization & Entrepreneurship Faculty Research Support PDXScholar University Research Centers About About PSU Events Facts History Mission News Rankings Student Success Diversity Diversity Education & Learning Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Advocacy Equity & Compliance Student Support & Programs Consumer Information Search New & future students Apply to PSU Paying for College Request more Information Academic Programs Visit PSU Tuition & Fees School tools PSU Gmail myNextSteps Library Home Canvas Banweb myPSU Helpdesk PSU IT Help Center Contact the Helpdesk Manage your Odin account Find labs and printers on campus Set up Duo 2-Factor Authentication Connect to Wifi on campus Apply Visit Campus Request Info Give myPSU PSU Home myPSU I am a Alumni Student Faculty / Staff First Generation Student Parent Padre Student Veteran Transfer Student Homepage Heart of Portland Welcome to Oregon's urban research university Explore 200+ programs about Heart of Portland request info Visit campus apply now UNDERGRADUATE TUITION →Free or discounted tuition is available to eligible students with our Tuition-Free Degree and Western Undergraduate Exchange (WUE) programs. TRANSFER RESOURCES →We welcome more transfer students and career changers than any other college in Oregon. Nontraditional students are a big part of our tradition. SUCCESSFUL OUTCOMES →Connect with top employers. Find a career path that’s as unique as you are. Graduate with the skills and experience to earn more and do more. STUDENT SUPPORT →Students come first at PSU. You’ll find tailored support services that empower you to thrive, including one-on-one tutoring, advising and mentoring. URBAN CAMPUS →Live and learn in one of the best college locations in America. Our campus in the heart of downtown Portland provides inspiration and opportunity at every turn. GRADUATE SCHOOL →Unlock new solutions, expand your network and advance your career in graduate programs led by some of the nation's best faculty and researchers. Paying for college We are Oregon’s most transformative public research university, and our goal is to give you an excellent education at a reasonable cost. We offer a full range of financial aid, including scholarships, grants, loans and work-study programs. Our grads go on to rewarding careers at Intel, Nike, OHSU and more. Financial Aid & Scholarships Upcoming events March 4th 2024 PSU Choirs: Build Again Get Tickets!The Portland State University Choirs, Community Chorus, and guest... Add to my Calendar iCalendar Google Calendar Outlook Outlook Online Yahoo! Calendar March 5th 2024 Will Eisner Week Conversation with Dr. Jared Gardner Join Comics Studies for an online conversation with Dr. Jared Gardner, editor of the Norton Critical Edition of A Contract with God by Will Eisner. In conversation with best-selling comics writers Brian Michael Bendis and David Walker, Dr. Gardner will discuss the process of bringing out... Add to my Calendar iCalendar Google Calendar Outlook Outlook Online Yahoo! Calendar March 5th 2024 Frank Arpan | Presidential Speaker Series As Portland State University embraces our emergence as a majority BIPOC institution... Add to my Calendar iCalendar Google Calendar Outlook Outlook Online Yahoo! Calendar March 5th 2024 Jazz Combo Night 2 The Jazz Area Combos present a series of performances featuring several small... Add to my Calendar iCalendar Google Calendar Outlook Outlook Online Yahoo! Calendar See full events calendar NEWS GDI names new AVPs to lead compliance, student services PSU’s Global Diversity and Inclusion unit has added two new Assistant Vice President positions to provide leadership and expertise to the many services that GDI provides to ensure that PSU is living up to its values of equity and racial justice for all students and employees.Learn more about Araceli Cruz and Albert Roberson's work. PSU study sheds light on racial inequality in higher education A new collaborative study revealed that disparities in the share of Black and Latino students admitted to America’s elite colleges and universities have endured and even widened over the last 40 years. The long-term societal impacts of these trends are a major concern and the results underscore a need for policy intervention. Professor of Empathy Coty Raven Morris knows personally the life-changing power of making music with others. In her role as PSU’s Hinckley Assistant Professor of Choir, Music Education and Social Justice, she teaches students to model empathy through music and reminds them that building community is more important than hitting the right notes. See all news Portland State University is committed to making its website accessible for all users. If you wish to report an issue or file a complaint (grievance) regarding the accessibility of pdx.edu web content, please refer to the Digital Accessibility Issues and Concerns web page for more information. Contact PSU Contact PSU 1825 SW BroadwayPortland, OR 97201Phone: 503-725-3000Contact Us Legal Legal ADA Accessibility Inquiries Privacy Copyright Learn More Learn More Careers at PSU Support Support Find People Academic Programs Student Services © 2024 Portland State University PSU social buttons PSU Facebook profile PSU Twitter profile PSU Instagram profile PSU YouTube profile PSU LinkedIn profile PSU Blog profile Search