Museum of the Game - Arcade, Videogame, Pinball Machine, Game, and Antique Coin-Operated History Museum of the Game ® International Arcade Museum® — Killer List of Videogames® Sign In Register Home Games & Machines Games & Machines Main Top 100 Coin-Op Videogames List by Titles (A-Z) List by Type of Machine All Videogame Arcade Console Videogame Music Pinball Scale Slot Machine Trade Stim. Vending Unknown List by Manufacturers (A-Z) Flyers The Arcade Flyer Archive (TAFA) Arcade Machine Flyers Pinball Machine Flyers Video Game Coinop Flyers Patents People Video Game Cheats Mold-A-Rama (Moldville) Statistics 100 Highest Rated Games By Users Pinball Yearly Frequency Graphs Videogame Yearly Frequency Graphs Advanced Game Search Forums Members/VAPS eLibrary Magazine PDFs PDF: Atari Coin Connection PDF: Automatic Age PDF: Coin Machine Journal PDF: Coin Machine Review PDF: Coin Slot PDF: La Revue de L'Automatique PDF: Marketplace PDF: Music Trade Review PDF: Presto PDF: Tips and Topics (Jennings) PDF: Western Coin News Library Museum Collections Arcadia Hall of Heroes Museum Of Obsolete Technology Arcade Map Arcade Map Locations Location Chains Tech Tech Center Manuals PCB Circuit Board Identifier ROM Identifier TTL & CMOS Resources Search MAME Database 3D Sketchup Models Shop/Buy/Sell Buy/Sell Center Museum of the Game Book Store Coin Slot Publishing Buying and Selling Tips 100 Most Important Game Auctions on eBay Now! Top Coin-Op Auction Results VAPS Members - For Sale & Wanted Ad Database Message Forums - Member For Sale & Wanted Discussions U.S. Slot Machine Ownership Laws More About Us Events Calendar Donate to Non-Profit Library Helping Out With This Site News & Updates Visiting Us Copyright, Policies, & Terms of Use Search Games & Machines: Type: All Videogame Arcade Music Pinball Slot Machine Trade Stim. Vending Unknown Search! The Museum of the Game has just joined Facebook, and as an alternative to posting videos only on this site, we have just launched a YouTube channel. And Arcadia has posted historical video before, but we are proud to present our first YouTube Video! Please consider viewing, liking and subscribing: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MuseumOfTheGame/ YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCywfida7LwRKM-s8zHGuHLg See The Most Popular Coin-Operated Video Games In Our Database: Pac-Man Galaga Donkey Kong Star Wars Ms. Pac-Man Dig Dug Asteroids Defender Tron Tempest Centipede Top 100 Video Games Highest 100 Rated Games Upcoming Events: March 09 2024 - Zapcon (Show) Mesa Convention Center, 263 N. Center Street Building C Entrance, Mesa, AZ April 05 2024 - Midwest Gaming Classic (Show) Wisconsin Center, 400 W. Wisconsin Ave, Milwaukee, WI April 12 2024 - Morphy Coin-Op Auction Las Vegas (Auction) 4520 Arville Street, Las Vegas, NV 89103, Las Vegas, Nevada See Our Full Calendar of Events IAM News and Updates June 01 2018: We just added auction results to our system. Now when you look up a game you can often see what kind of prices the machines have brought at auction. A special thanks to our inaugural auction partners: Morphy Auctions and Captains Auction Warehouse. Thank you both for your support! January 29 2018: We are currently experimenting with a new way to display indexes to our game entries and game database search results. Check out the new description and photo status bars that indicate how complete individual game entries are! Additional IAM News Updates Read Historical Magazines Online Free! We have over 150,000 pages of historical coin-op publications online, including Automatic Age, Coin Machine Journal, Coin Slot Magazine, Marketplace Magazine, Music Trade Review, and Presto Magazine! Visit Our Gift Shops! Please feel free to visit our Main Arcade, Pinball and Video Game Book Shop , publisher page Coin Slot Books , the Museum Brand Shop , and the KLOV Brand Shop. More Offerings: Advanced Search See Ace.com's report on the hottest coin-op machine auctions on eBay! Coin-Op Books - A directory of countless books that cover coin-operated machines. Arcade & Videogame Cheat Codes PCB circuit boards 3D SketchUp Models Mold-A-Rama Moldville.com archive The International Arcade Museum® (IAM) and Killer List of Videogames® at Museum of the Game® is the world's largest educational center focusing on the art, inventions, science, and history of the amusement, coin-operated machine, game, and videogame industries. The Museum's groups and projects include the Killer List of Videogames®, Arcadia® (including Penny Arcadia®, Pinball Arcadia™, and Video Arcadia™), and the Videogame and Arcade Preservation Society™. The Museum also supports an independently operated 501c3 public charity, the International Arcade Museum Library. Machine of the moment Videogame: Arcade Classics By: Atari Games (1992) Two arcade classics. Atari Games never released this game. In it's fourth decade of existence, our Killer List of Videogames® (KLOV®) division is both the authoritative game database of coin-operated video-games as well as a dynamic community of enthusiasts and preservationists. Arcadia®, including Penny Arcadia®, Pinball Arcadia™, and Video Arcadia™, has been our exhibitions, museum exhibits, live entertainment, promotion, and special events division since 1982. The newest Arcadia® offering is the Hall of Hereos™ — see the Arcadia page for further information. The Videogame and Arcade Preservation Society™ (VAPS™) represents a subset of our members supporting a noted machine and game census project since the 1980's. The information on this site has been gathered from countless collectors and is always being updated with new titles. Please contribute photos, descriptions, or any other help you can. For more information, please click on the Contribute link above. Museum of the Game® International Arcade Museum® Killer List of Videogames® Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA © 1995-2024 by WebMagic Ventures, LLC, The International Arcade Museum®, Museum of the Game®. All rights reserved. Portions provided under license from the Data Refinery™. If you wish to use material from our web sites, please take a look at our Acceptable Use, Copyright, and Trademark Page . Except as described on that page, any use of the information found here may not be copied or reprinted on any medium, either physical or electronic, without the express written permission of The International Arcade Museum.