InSight Crime - Investigation and Analysis of Organized Crime Close About Us Newsletter Donate Search for: Search Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles English Español Facebook Page Twitter Username Linkedin YouTube English Español Countries:Mexico Colombia Guatemala Honduras El Salvador See All Topics:Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Criminal Profiles Public Policy Other InSight ResourcesVenezuela Organized Crime Observatory Please Support Our Mission: Donate Investigations News Analysis Podcasts About Us Work With Us Events LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Close English Español Countries:Mexico Colombia Guatemala Honduras El Salvador See All Topics:Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Criminal Profiles Public Policy Other InSight ResourcesVenezuela Organized Crime Observatory Please Support Our Mission: Donate Investigations News Analysis Podcasts About Us Work With Us Events LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Skip to content Menu InSight Crime INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS OF ORGANIZED CRIME About Us Newsletter Donate Menu Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles English Español Open Search Search for: Search Home Out now | InSight Crime Podcast: From the ground up EP02 ·Daughter of Coca In Colombia, farming coca for cocaine production provides an alternative livelihood in the midst of poverty and state abandonment. At the same time, coca cultivation brings a curse. Behind the coca trade are armed groups, massacres, murders, and displacements.… Learn more 28 Feb 202428 Feb 2024 News Environmental Crime How Criminal Groups Help Expand Mexico’s Multibillion-Dollar Avocado Industry The boom of Mexico’s avocado market has been accompanied by heightened criminal activity in avocado-growing regions, particularly the state of Michoacán. But a recent report explains that rather than inhibiting the growth of the legal market, the presence of criminal groups has helped it expand. The report, published last month by Global Initiative Against Transactional Organized Crime (GITOC), explores the complex relationship between avocado… Read full article 5 Mar 20245 Mar 2024 News Prisons Kenya Agrees to Police Haiti’s Criminal Hurricane 4 Mar 20244 Mar 2024 News Gender and Crime What Netflix’s ‘Griselda’ Gets Wrong About Women in Organized Crime 1 Mar 20241 Mar 2024 See News Analysis See Investigations Trending News Cocaine Europe Was a Super Cartel Really Controlling Europe’s Drug Trade? 29 Nov 20221 Mar 2024 News Keyla Martínez and Extrajudicial Killings in Honduras 15 Feb 202115 Feb 2021 News How a Priest in Mexico Resists the CJNG’s Incursions 15 Feb 202313 Oct 2023 Investigations The ‘Ndrangheta Connection to Colombia’s Paramilitaries 23 Nov 202213 Oct 2023 InSights by Country A country-by-country breakdown of criminal news, groups, and dynamics. Country Spotlight Colombia Mexico Guatemala Honduras Brazil See Full Country List Criminal Profiles View all Groups Chapitos First Capital Command – PCC The First Capital Command (Primeiro Comando da Capital – PCC)… MS13 The Mara Salvatrucha, or MS13, is perhaps the most notorious… Personalities Digna Asusena Valle Valle Ismael Zambada García, alias ‘El Mayo’ Ismael Zambada Garcia, alias “El Mayo,” is battlng the Chapitos… Impact The Organization Reporting on Synthetic Drugs Our researchers continue to provide authoritative analysis on how criminal groups in Latin America produce, traffic, and sell synthetic drugs. Fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic… Keep reading The Organization #NarcoPresidenteAMLO hits 170 million mentions Fallout from a recent investigation by InSight Crime — and two other international outlets — continued this week. The investigation centered on alleged payments made by the… Keep reading Stay Informed With InSight Crime Subscribe to our newsletter to receive a weekly digest of the latest organized crime news and stay up-to-date on major events, trends, and criminal dynamics from across the region. We go into the field to interview, report, and investigate. We then verify, write, and edit, providing the tools to generate real impact. Our work is costly and high risk. Please support our mission investigating organized crime. Donate Facebook Page Twitter Username Linkedin YouTube We go into the field to interview, report, and investigate. We then verify, write, and edit, providing the tools to generate real impact. Our work is costly and high risk. Please support our mission investigating organized crime. Donate About Us Work With Us Investigations Latest News Analysis Podcasts Events Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles Information Processing Policies Privacy policy Refund policy Contact us Sponsored by Member of © 2024 InSight Crime. Powered by Newspack