TargetVideo | Video Revenue & Engagement Platform Skip to content Publishers Online Video Platform Video Monetization Video Content For Publishers HTML5 Video Player Live Streaming OTT Solutions Ad Revenue Optimization Demo Features AdvertisersCompany About Us Contact Careers Blog Press Release Developers Documentation Platform API Player API Andriod SDK iOS SDK CONTACT SALESClient Login Brid Platform Native Player EN EN DE Publishers Online Video Platform Video Monetization Video Content For Publishers HTML5 Video Player Live Streaming OTT Solutions Ad Revenue Optimization Demo Features Advertisers Company About Us Contact Careers Blog Press Release Developers Documentation Platform API Player API Andriod SDK iOS SDK CONTACT SALES Client Login Brid Platform Native Player EN EN DE Video Revenue & Engagement Platform Premium Video Solutions for Digital Publishers and Advertisers Video Revenue & Engagement Platform Premium Video Solutions for Digital Publishers and Advertisers We Love Videos TargetVideo is one of the leading providers of video publishing and advertising solutions, but we are also video producers at heart with a passion for high-quality content and good infotainment. With our premium video monetization, superior video platform, and video production services, we are an all-in-one solution for publishers, media houses, brands, and agencies. Premium Video Content Comprehensive Video Platform Extensive Ad Network Cutting-Edge Ad Tech For Publishers Turn your videos into a revenue stream with premium monetization solutions. Rely on our demand, expertise, and cutting-edge technology to maximize the earning potential of your inventory. Learn More For Advertisers Get your ads in front of an audience of 70M+ users across attractive industry verticals, explore an array of ad formats that guarantee that your creatives will leave a lasting impact, and access our rich library of exclusive premium content you can use to promote your brand. Learn More For Ad Networks Access the entire infrastructure necessary to launch and run an ad network through our comprehensive video platform. Why TargetVideo Customer Care Our customer care representatives will help you get started and/or migrate from another platform, as well as provide thorough training and onboarding. Everything in One Place Whether you are a video publisher, an advertiser, or an ad network, TargetVideo has everything you need to scale your business. Full Transparency With TargetVideo, there are no contracts, no hidden fees, and no fine print. What you see is what you get. Product Updates Our team continuously works on making our platform better and introducing new features. They can even develop custom solutions tailored to your needs. This Is Us TargetVideo is a leading video ad solution that brings together video production, monetization, and content under a single roof. We operate as a specialized, cross-channel video distribution and monetization platform, as well as a comprehensive ad network with quality demand and inventory. Leading the innovation in the video industry, we offer everything that publishers, advertisers, or ad networks need to grow their digital business. Clients & Partners Sustainability in the Video and Video Advertising Here’s what publishers and advertisers can do to...Read More Native Video Advertising – What Brands Need If you’re looking for a less intrusive way...Read More Platform Update 6.8.2. — Stripe, Primary Currency With Platform Update 6.8.2. we have changed our...Read More Load More Terms & Conditions Imprint Privacy Policy Copyright © 2023 TargetVideo GmbH All rights reserved.Targetvideo™ is a registered trademark Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin Instagram Manage Cookie Consent We use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. We do this to improve browsing experience and to show (non-) personalized ads. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent