Information from the Central GovernmentRijksoverheid.nl Go directly to content central government.Amounts Minimum wage 2024 Remission of municipal taxes Saldering scheme remains Image: © Central government main menu taxes, benefits and allowances assistance, AOW, unemployment benefit, income tax, childcare allowance ... Building and living housing, rent, owner-occupied home, subsidy at home, Environment Act ... Economy purchasing power, poverty reduction, entrepreneurship and innovation, sustainable economy, public finances ... family, care and health health insurance, turn 18, maternity leave, coronavirus, divorce or separation ... international cooperation war in Ukraine, European Union, human rights, human rights, International sanctions, development cooperation ... climate, environment and nature nitrogen, sustainable energy, gas extraction in Groningen, climate change, animal welfare ... migration and travel reception refugees from Ukraine, passport and identity card, vacation and travel, asylum policy ... education school holidays, Higher education, primary education, secondary vocational education, working in education ... Government and democracy municipalities, Constitution and Statute, Caribbean part of the Kingdom, Digital Government ... Law, Safety and Defense Identity Fraud, the fight against terrorism, cyber crime and cyber security, undermining, Defense equipment ... Traffic and transport driving license, public transport, aviation, road safety, vehicles on the road ... Work employment contract and collective labor agreement, pension, minimum wage, working hours, dismissal ... information from the central government directly to income tax return Image: ©If you will report the tax authorities in March, you will receive a message before 1 July.Requirements for passport photos in the photo for a new passport, identity card or driver's license?Read what requirements your passport photo must meet.Cabinet formation Image: © ANP Follow the latest news about the cabinet formation.News Better Public Services and digital cooperation between government organizations in the European Union by the Interoperable Europe ACT 04-03-2024 |17:40 The European Council today approved the Interoperable Europe Act.This European Regulation aims to ... Prime Minister Rutte receives Premier Attal from France 04-03-2024 |15:58 Prime Minister Rutte receives Prime Minister Attal from France on Wednesday 6 March for an introductory meeting at the Ministry ... Internet consultation Bill Better-working data economy started 04-03-2024 |15:30 The use of digital data is indispensable in the economy and society.Cross-border regulations that ensure ... Current rent policy explained in MG-Circular 04-03-2024 |14:11 Especially for municipalities, housing associations and other landlords, and for tenants (organizations) a ... required space appears for the first time for the future energy system 04-03-2024 |12:04 In 2050, the Netherlands has a climate -neutral energy supply.This requires careful planning, all the more because a ... the climate is changing, the Netherlands is changing 04-03-2024 |12:00 There are all kinds of ways to keep the Netherlands safe in the distant future for rising sea level.Raised or ... more news questions?Call information Central Government: 1400 sign up for the newsletter Government news De Central government.For the Netherlands Service Contact Subscribe RSS Vacancies Sitemap Help Archive About this site on Rijksoverheid.nl Laws and Regulations copyright Privacy Cookies Accessibility Open Data Vulnerability Report This website in other languages: Dutch English Papiamento Papiamentu Dutch Sign Language