LIVE JAPAN Perfect Guide -official Site Japan close Search close Language close English‬ ‪简体中文 繁體中文 한국어‬ ไทย ‪Bahasa Melayu‬ Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 Japan Tokyo Kansai Hokkaido Tohoku Japan Japan's 10 Breathtaking Cherry Blossom Festivals in 2024: Get Ready to Be Blown Away! Kyoto in Bloom: Enjoying Fun Rickshaw Rides & Scenic Train Trips Latest Japan Cherry Blossom 2024 Forecast: When & Where to See Sakura in Japan (Updated 2/29) 5 Best Spots to Enjoy Tokyo Night Views Visiting Eating Shopping Lodgings Search Through Our Articles Must-See The Latest LIVE Report Hot Deals In-depth How to 7-day Japan Weather Forecast for Tokyo, Osaka, and Hokkaido: Pack Right for Your Trip Winter To make sure you're well-prepared for your trip to Japan, let's dive into this week's weather forecast for Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, and other parts of Japan. We'll provide a variety of tips to help you pack wisely for the season and plan your itinerary. (Forecast information displayed is as of 5 AM JST on March 4, 2024.) See More Latest Japan Cherry Blossom 2024 Forecast: When & Where to See Sakura in Japan (Updated 2/29) Spring 6 Recommended Tokyo Hotels for Cherry Blossom Season in 2024 Ueno Hotels Sakura Dreams: 5 Hotels Around Tokyo for an Unforgettable Cherry Blossom Season Tokyo Station Hotels When & Where to Enjoy Kyoto Cherry Blossom Festivals and Events in 2024 Nijo Castle, Kyoto Imperial Palace Spring 4 Must-Visit Spots for Beautiful Pink Moss Phlox Carpets in Hokkaido: Monthlong 'Floor Sakura' Viewing Abashiri Parks 10 Incredible Kyoto Ryokan & Hotels for Cherry Blossom Season Arashiyama, Uzumasa Hotels See More 10 Cherry Blossom Festivals to Enjoy in Japan's Tohoku Region in 2024 Aomori, Hirosaki And Hachinohe Spring Renowned across Japan, the cherry blossom festivals in the Tohoku region, situated in the northern part of Honshu, mark a time of celebration and renewal. As winter recedes and spring ushers in, the southern Tohoku's Fukushima prefecture first witnesses the cherry blossoms' bloom from late March to early April. This floral spectacle then gradually advances northward through Miyagi, Yamagata, Akita, Iwate, and Aomori prefectures. Each prefecture hosts its own distinctive celebrations in honor of the cherry blossoms, showcasing the region's rich cultural tapestry. Below, we explore some of the most celebrated sakura festivals in Tohoku and delve into the details of these enchanting events. See More 6 Cool Cherry Blossom Experiences for 2024 (Osaka, Kyoto, and More) - No More 'Boring' Sakura Sightseeing! Nijo Castle, Kyoto Imperial Palace Spring What to Do in Osaka & Kyoto in February 2024: Enjoy Japan's Exciting Winter Events USJ, Nanko Port Winter Kyoto Station 2024 Survey: The Top 20 Popular Kyoto Souvenirs Kyoto Station, To-ji Temple Gift Shops Top 20 Recommended Souvenirs to Buy in Osaka (2024 Edition) Shin-Osaka Gift Shops Japan's Nationwide New Year Sales (2024 Guide): Opening Hours for Major Shops, Tips, and More Department Stores Osaka Countdown Events 2024: 8 Best Places in Osaka Where You Can Spend a Special New Year’s Eve Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Other Entertainment See More Become a True Gundam Pilot - Stepping into the P.O.D. at a Tokyo Arcade! (Video) Arcades Japan and robots go together like a hotdog and mustard. One of the nation’s most famous robot exports is known worldwide simply as “Gundam.” What started out as an anime has become a huge franchise with its own games, movies, and even a life-sized statue in Tokyo’s Odaiba. What many people don’t know, however, is that there is a way to pilot your very own Gundam robot! See More Learn the Art of Flower Arrangement at Ohara School of Ikebana Harajuku Other Traditional Arts Purikura: Change Yourself Up with Photo Booth Fun! Arcades [MOVIE] DRUM TAO’S MANGEKYO – a Kaleidoscope of Taiko Drums Shinagawa Shows [MOVIE] Achieve Your Cosplay Dreams at Cosplay Studio Crown! Akihabara Culture Experience Stringraphy at Studio EVE: A Striking and Unique Musical Experience Shibuya Other Contemporary Arts [MOVIE] A Japanese Drum Experience at TAIKO-LAB Shibuya Other Sightseeing See More Feast on Hokkaido Crab! Expert Shares All About Where, When, and How to Eat Them Sapporo / Chitose Sashimi Many people say, "When in Hokkaido, you've got to try the crab!" Surrounded by colder water, Japan's northern island of Hokkaido is a hotspot for this delicacy. Here you can find many restaurants offering a variety of crab delights, plus shops that process crabs imported from Russia and Alaska. Now we know that crab with the right amount of saltiness, deliciousness, and sweetness that fills your mouth is what you are looking for! But what kind of crab can you find in Hokkaido, and when is it most delicious? We spoke with Marumi Osanai Shoten, a crab processor in Nijo Market, which is very popular with travelers, to find out! Main image: PIXTA See More 15 Recommended Places to Stay in Umeda for 2024: Hot Picks for Hotels and Apartments For Every Traveler Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Hotels 13 Popular Yakiniku Chains in Japan With All-You-Can-Eat Wagyu Beef Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Yakiniku Top 15 Hakone Onsen Accommodations for a Comfortable and Blissful Stay Hakone / Odawara Ryokan 4 Ryokan And Hotels In Asakusa Where You Can Enjoy A Japanese Atmosphere Asakusa Hotels Ryuuu TV's Unseen Adventure: Tokyo Skytree®'s Hidden Gems & Latest Foodie Finds in Asakusa & Oshiage! Ryogoku / TOKYO SKYTREE(R) Downtown 19 Best Things to Do in Kobe: Attractions, Fun Tours & More Kobe, Sannomiya, Kitano Downtown See More Daisetsuzan National Park (Hokkaido) - Seasonal Guide to the Playground of the Gods Furano / Biei / Sounkyo Parks Daisetsuzan National Park is known as “Kamuy Mintar” in the language of the Ainu, Hokkaido’s indigenous people. “Kamuy Mintar” means “Playground of the Gods”. And when you set foot in Daisetsuzan, the largest of Japan’s land-based national parks, the reason for this nickname will be immediately obvious. See More Kansai Cherry Blossoms Guide: Best 8 Places To See Sakura in Osaka, Kyoto and Nara (2024) Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Spring Dreamy Japan: 5 Scenic Onsen Towns in Yamagata Prefecture Surrounding Areas Of Yamagata Hot Springs (Onsen) & Bath Houses (Sento) Hakone Kinnotake Tonosawa: One of the Top Ryokan in Japan! Hakone / Odawara Ryokan Kyoto's Must-See Scenic Beauty! Travel Guide to Miyama Kayabuki-no-Sato, Miyama Town kyoto Suburbs Villages Miyama Futon & Breakfast: Experience Life in a Kayabuki Minka at a 150-Year-Old National Cultural Asset kyoto Suburbs Unique Hotels Matsuzakaya Honten: Inside the Gorgeous 360-Year-Old Hakone Ryokan Inn Hakone / Odawara Ryokan See More 3 Days in Kyoto Itinerary: Spring Travel Guide for First-Time Visitors Kyoto Station, To-ji Temple Spring If this is your first time in Kyoto in the spring, then you might be overwhelmed by the number of things to do and see in the city. There are so many great places to see the cherry blossoms, and experience Kyoto culture, that you might have a hard time knowing where to start. For those of you that like a set plan for your travels, the author, who is a Kyoto resident, has compiled a perfect three-day itinerary that hits all the major sites you won’t want to miss. The plan has about 6 hours of sightseeing time per day, including meals, which gives you plenty to do, and enough time to relax at the end of the day. If you like exploring at a faster pace, check out the additional suggestions at the end of the article. Read on for a Kyoto trip full of dreamy sites, tasty food spots, and of course amazing temples and shrines. See More When is the Best Time to Visit Japan in 2024? Here’s When to Go & How to Dress For the Season Other Sightseeing What is Ehomaki? Introducing the Lucky Direction for Setsubun 2024, and Where to Buy It Namba, Dotonbori, Shinsaibashi Sushi Explore Tohoku in Winter With 5 Budget-Friendly Travel Passes (Local Recommended!) Aomori, Hirosaki And Hachinohe Winter Enjoy Hokkaido's Winter Wonderland: 5 Recommended Bus Passes by Area Sapporo / Chitose Winter 10 Places to See Plum Blossoms in Tokyo and Beyond (& When to See Them in 2024) Tokyo Station Spring First Time in Niseko Guide – What You Need to Know Niseko / Rusutsu Other Sightseeing See More Choice Spots Asakusa Kagetsudo TOKYO KAIKAN TOKYO MIDTOWN HIBIYA Decks Tokyo Beach Marunouchi Oazo Oirase River Mt.Naeba / Kagura Ski Resort Marunouchi Building Tsurujiro Mount Fuji Aomori Nebuta Festival SEIBU IKEBUKURO Matsuya Ginza seibu shibuya Rime in Zao Tokyo International Forum Shin-Marunouchi Building Ao Sogo Yokohama Marunouchi Oazo See More Latest Spot Info Get recommendations, exclusive deals and more from select spots & restaurants! Pick up Good value Ikebukuro Namba, Dotonbori, Shinsaibashi discount Coupons Discount Stores Electronics Stores Menu What's new Events Kimono rental (men and women), 1880 yen per day plan【Very cheap price！】 Until 31 December 2024 tourism Japanese culture The Spirit of Japan Asakusa Cultural Activities Culture Experience Asakusa Kimono Rental『DAIKICHI』 9hours ago Coupons For a limited time, we will give away tenugui towels to all customers! Please show this screen at checkout Gifts Japanese culture The Spirit of Japan Feel the Intrigue Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Jewelry Stores and Watch Shops BEST VINTAGE GRAND FRONT OSAKA 10hours ago Coupons BicCamera Discount Coupon!Tax free plus up to 7% discount!Please show the coupon at the time of payment.*Tax-free accounting only 3% OFF - 7% OFF Good value discount limited time special price Shinsekai, Tennouji, Tsuruhashi Electronics Stores BicCamera Abeno Q's Mall Store 12hours ago See More Picture Gallery Search by area Japan Tokyo Kansai Hokkaido Tohoku Popular areas Tokyo Akihabara Asakusa Ikebukuro Ueno Ginza Shinjuku Shibuya Tsukiji Tokyo Station Harajuku Roppongi Kansai Umeda, Osaka Station, Kitashinchi Namba, Dotonbori, Shinsaibashi Shinsekai, Tennouji, Tsuruhashi USJ, Nanko Port Kyoto Station, To-ji Temple Gion, Kawaramachi, Kiyomizu-dera Temple Arashiyama, Uzumasa Kobe, Sannomiya, Kitano Nara, Ikoma, Tenri Hokkaido Asahikawa Otaru Sapporo / Chitose Noboribetsu / Lake Toya Hakodate Tohoku Aomori, Hirosaki And Hachinohe Morioka, Hiraizumi And Hachimantai Sendai And Matsushima Surrounding Areas Of Akita Surrounding Areas Of Yamagata Fukushima, Koriyama And Iwaki Niigata And Sado Top Activities in Japan Tokyo and Surroundings Okinawa & Sightseeing Aichi & Dining Experiences Tokyo & Traditional activities Okinawa & Outdoor activities Kansai Osaka & Sightseeing Kyoto & Traditional activities Kyoto & Dining Experiences Kyoto & Attraction passes & more Hokkaido Hokkaido & Sightseeing Hokkaido & Dining Experiences Hokkaido & Outdoor activities Hokkaido & Car Charter & Private Transfers Tohoku Miyagi & Sightseeing Aomori & Traditional activities Niigata & Skiing & snowboarding Yamagata & Attraction passes & more Search by Purpose Visiting Eating Shopping Lodgings Search for Spots Able to speak a foreign language Use the Wi-Fi Use a credit card offers a coupon Tax-free shops Japanese food restaurant Buffets Search for Articles Must-See The Latest In-depth Hot Deals Japan Travel Encyclopedia How to LIVE Report Transport Passes JR Passes Trains Domestic flights Car Rental Route Search Emergency Action Search by Area Akihabara Asakusa Ginza Harajuku Ikebukuro Roppongi Shibuya Shinjuku Tokyo Station Tsukiji Ueno Asahikawa Furano / Biei / Sounkyo Hakodate Niseko / Rusutsu Noboribetsu / Lake Toya Otaru Sapporo / Chitose Search via Map Wi-Fi Hotspot Tourist Information Center ATM Convenience Store Currency Exchange Coin Lockers Pay Phones Station Airport Boarding Location for Buses to the Airport Taxi Boarding Location Ferry Boarding Location Embassy Police Station/Police Box Hospital/Medical Facility Change language English 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 ไทย Bahasa Melayu Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 Also available on your smartphone. Make the most of our contents by browsing LIVE JAPAN with on your phone! Why not switch to mobile right now?https://livejapan.com About LIVE JAPAN Terms of Use Privacy Policy Help Contact Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram WeChat Weibo Pinterest © LIVE JAPAN