Horror movies, news, reviews, gaming, and podcasts from Dread Central News Reviews Features Editorials The Harbinger Podcasts Post Mortem with Mick Garris Development Hell Girl, That’s Scary Kim and Ket Stay Alive… Maybe? DREAD TV / Videos DREAD TV Free Horror Movies 24/7 DREAD: The Unsolved The Overlook Motel Dread Talks The 5 Series Store Featured Dread Central Receives 4 Rondo Nominationsby Mary Beth McAndrews Strange Dolls And Creative Struggles: Aisling Franciosi Talks Her Horrific New Film ‘Stopmotion’by Mary Beth McAndrews Unnamed Footage Festival Unveils Full 2024 Lineup, Including Never-Before-Seen Cut Of ‘The Outwaters’ [Exclusive]‘Paranormal Activity’: Official Game Being Developed by DreadXP [Video]‘Pool Party Massacre’ Is Campy, Brutal, Mindless Fun [The Overlooked Motel] Latest Posts Gorgeous and Underseen Horror Gem Tops Prime Video Streaming Chartsby Josh KorngutOne of the best-kept horror secrets of 2023 is finding new life on Prime Video where it’s topping the streaming charts and finding new fans. We Need for More Dinosaur Horror—Here’s Whyby Chad CollinsOne year after its release, Chad Collins looks at ’65’ in the broader context of dinosaur horror. Why isn’t there more? ‘Infested’ Trailer: Spiders, Spiders, Everywhereby Mary Beth McAndrewsIt’s the year of arachnophobia and Sébastien Vaniček’s ‘Infested’ is here to haunt your every waking moment. Watch the trailer now. Final Destination 6 Starts Filming, Gets Official Titleby Mary Beth McAndrewsThe new ‘Final Destination’ is finally filming, plus it has an official title. Learn more now on Dread Central. Stephen King Praises New Streaming Thriller Series as “Perfect, nail-biting and believable”by Josh KorngutA paranoid new thriller has landed on streaming, and horror icon Stephen King calls the mysterious series both “perfect” and “believable” ‘Followers’ Exclusive Clip Will Keep You From Ever Camping Againby Mary Beth McAndrewsIn our exclusive clip from ‘Followers’, an unfortunate camper has a deadly run-in with a masked killer. Watch now on Dread Central. ‘Dead Mail’ Exclusive Poster Reveal: You Won’t Think About Sending A Letter The Same Way Ever Againby Mary Beth McAndrewsCheck out the new poster for ‘Dead Mail’, which will have its world premiere at this year’s SXSW, exclusively on Dread Central! ‘T Blockers’ Exclusive Clip: A Delightfully Disgusting Feastby Mary Beth McAndrewsIn our exclusive clip from Alice Maio Mackay’s new film ‘T Blockers’, our heroes stumble across a disgusting and gooey feast. ‘Butchers Book Two: Raghorn’ Exclusive Clip: Skull-Splitting Beginningsby Mary Beth McAndrewsIn our exclusive clip from Butchers Book Two: Raghorn, a young woman tries to escape the clutches of cannibals. But can she do it? Reddit Wants to Know What Movie Made You Fall in Love With Horrorby Chad CollinsEarlier this week, users on Reddit posed the question: what movie made you fall in love with the horror genre? Intense Thriller Based On Actual Events Conquers Hulu Streaming Charts: “Visceral telling of real-life survival”by Chad CollinsThis survival thriller, based on real events, is now Number 4 on Hulu. Learn more about the sensational true story here. ‘Would You Rather’ Is Unpredictable and Nasty [Watch]by Tyler Doupe’On the latest installment of The Overlooked Motel, Tyler Doupe’ looks back on the 2012 horror film ‘Would You Rather’. Editorials Splatter-Punk Horror Comedy ‘Destroy All Neighbors’ Inspires Us To Be Betterby Matt Konopka Five Reasons Horror Fans Need to See ‘The Cell’by Tyler Doupe’ What Is The Izimu And Why Is It So Scary?by Chipo Karumazondo Suffering In Silence: Black Women Saving Face in Horror by Nia Tucker The Ultimate Black-Owned Indie Horror Podcast Directoryby Sharai Bohannon Reviews ‘Darkman’ Steps Into the Ultra HD Light [4K Review]by Anthony Arrigo ‘The Thaumaturge’ Review: Stylistic Exciting Cosmic Horrorby Justin Wood ‘Willy’s Wonderland’ 4K Review: A Chaotic Night In Hellby Anthony Arrigo ‘The Ghost Writer’ Review: A Portrait of a Tortured Artistby Tyler Doupe’ ‘Cutting Class’ 4K Review: A Great Reminder to Stay in Schoolby Anthony Arrigo ‘578 Magnum’ Review: New Thriller Puts Style Over Substance To Its Detrimentby Tyler Doupe’ Interviews ‘Compliance’ Director Kyle Mangione-Smith On Making A New Kind Of Found Footage Filmby Mary Beth McAndrews ‘History of Evil’ Director Bo Mirosseni Explains How His Mother Inspired His Dystopian Horror Thrillerby Mary Beth McAndrews Kyle and Adam Newacheck On Their New Thriller ‘Stranger In The Woods’by Mary Beth McAndrews ‘Missing: Eve of Tết’ Actress on Finding Her Character In The New Vietnamese True Crime Seriesby Nguyen Le A Black Girl’s Guide To Horror [Video]by Girl Thats Scary How ‘Thirteen Ghosts’ Inspires Performance Artist Shanita Bumpby Girl Thats Scary Horror News - Reviews Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: News Copyright © 2024 Dread Central