The Pennsylvania State University | Penn State Skip to main content This is Penn State Mission and Values Belonging Leadership History Facts and Rankings Our Impact Health Care Advocate Penn State Academics Undergraduate Graduate & Professional Schools Online Degrees Global Education Academic Colleges Campus Locations Penn State rises 10 places in 2024 QS World University Rankings Admission Undergraduate Graduate Online Professional Schools Continuing Education Featured Impact: First to Inspire Tuition and Aid Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment College and Campus News Worlds Collide: Art history and materials science in the Yucatán Hotline Give Apply More Full site navigation menu This dialog contains the full navigation menu for www.psu.edu. Search Term Hotline Give Apply This is Penn State Mission and Values Belonging Leadership History Facts and Rankings Our Impact Health Care Academics Undergraduate Graduate & Professional Schools Online Degrees Global Education Academic Colleges Campus Locations Admission Undergraduate Graduate Online Professional Schools Continuing Education Tuition and Aid Research Athletics News Latest News Academics Our Research Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment Find Information For: Visitors Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Business and Industry Veterans and Military Alumni Media Helpful Links Find a Campus Maps Careers Directory Academic Calendar Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Close EXPLORE Discover Penn State Penn State is Pennsylvania's sole land-grant institution, founded with a mission of high-quality teaching, expert research, and global service. As one university with the resources of twenty-four campus locations and the online Penn State World Campus, we're setting students up for greater career potential and empowering them to positively impact the world. Twenty-four campuses. One University. With a campus near almost every Pennsylvania resident and global online options, Penn State's world-class education is available to meet students where they are. There is only one Penn State. And the path toward a Penn State degree can start wherever is right for you. Learn More A Look Around Penn State Campuses Students at Penn State Abington are encouraged to follow their own unique path to success through internships, volunteering and global engagement programs. An array of student organizations provide social connections, community engagement, and growth as a leader. The Abington campus is minutes north of Philadelphia in a suburban setting. Expand Penn State Altoona students enjoy personalizing their spaces at their variety of on-campus housing options. Located just forty-five minutes from the University Park campus, students can also take advantage of the opportunities there including athletic events, concerts, career fairs, and more. Expand At Penn State Beaver's sprawling campus, a ninety-six-foot high tunnel offers firsthand learning related to sustainable food and agriculture systems year-round. Situated forty minutes outside Pittsburgh, the campus offers a welcoming environment with convenient access to the city's sports and cultural scenes. Expand Students at Penn State Behrend have plenty of opportunities for on-campus engagement, including working at PSB TV. With more than four thousand undergraduate and graduate students, Behrend is among the largest of Penn State’s campuses—but small class sizes ensure students connect with award-winning faculty. Expand Offering one-of-a-kind labs not found elsewhere in the region, students benefit from hands-on opportunities exclusive to Penn State Berks. Nestled in southeast Pennsylvania in Reading, Penn State Berks provides small classes, hundreds of internships, undergraduate research, and residential campus life. Expand Penn State Brandywine hosts a variety of academic and multicultural services that are designed to promote the importance of diversity and address the academic, social, professional, and living needs of underrepresented populations. Penn State Brandywine is Philadelphia's highly diverse student population enjoys a location only miles from Philadelphia. Expand Penn State DuBois students enjoy a variety of intercollegiate, intramural and recreational athletic programs. Located in north central Pennsylvania, the DuBois campus has built strong relationships with area industries to facilitate internships alongside real-world professionals. Expand With majors that span academic interests, Penn State Fayette offers world-class learning experiences like the nursing simulation lab for direct patient care experiences. Fayette boasts an expansive campus in the beautiful Laurel Highlands with all the resources of a large university in a small, tight-knit community. Expand Penn State Great Valley delivers graduate and professional development programs to help students take the next step in their careers. The Great Valley campus conveniently offers master's degrees, graduate certificates, professional development programs, corporate training, and conference services less than thirty miles from Philadelphia. Expand Penn State Greater Allegheny's Digital Fluency Project equips students with technology to easily access classroom content and provide the critical skills needed for the workplace. Plus, students enjoy the benefits of nearby Pittsburgh, including museums, shopping districts, and major landmarks. Expand Penn State Harrisburg's annual Mukund S. Kulkarni Cultural Series brings national and international performances to campus, allowing the community to experience a variety of different cultures through the arts. Established in Pennsylvania's Capital Region, the Harrisburg campus has academic offerings that span bachelor's, master’s, and doctoral degrees. Expand Many of Penn State Hazleton's degree programs were developed in response to the needs of the community. The ABET-accredited engineering program focuses on alternative energy and power generation, providing students with opportunities to complete projects for companies around the country. Situated in northeastern Pennsylvania, Penn State Hazleton offers an accessible world-class education in a scenic setting. Expand Penn State Lehigh Valley students are working to tackle sustainability issues around the globe, in places like Australia, Central America, and China. Positioned with easy access to both New York City and Philadelphia, Lehigh Valley offers personalized attention combined with the global power of Penn State. Expand Students at Penn State Mont Alto become engaged members of a vibrant campus community, getting involved in more than twenty-five clubs and organizations including THON, student government, and alternative spring break. Mont Alto's location in south central Pennsylvania offers plenty of outdoor recreational activities within driving distance to Harrisburg, Washington D.C., Baltimore, and Philadelphia. Expand Penn State New Kensington's students jumpstart their education at New Student Days where they meet with faculty and staff, develop goals for their time at Penn State, schedule courses, and have a little fun. The New Kensington campus is focused on preparing future leaders and innovators by offering industry-specific programs located in a growing economic region north of Pittsburgh. Expand Penn State Schuylkill prepares students in activities like conducting research, faculty mentoring, and experiential learning through community and civic engagement and a co-op program that pairs career development with full-time work experiences. Conveniently situated two hours from Philadelphia, New York City, and New Jersey, the Schuylkill campus has plenty of outdoor spaces to study and hang out. Expand Penn State Scranton offers a variety of multicultural programs, encouraging students to consider new cultures, perspectives, and traditions. Ranging from discussions, initiatives, and holistic learning experiences, the series includes the colorful spring festival of Holi. Located within a few hours of New York City, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C., Penn State Scranton focuses on local needs to help fuel the region's future. Expand Penn State Shenango's student success team works with each student individually to create a plan from semester one to graduation, considering personalized goals, interests, and needs. Offering regionally-demanded majors and newly renovated laboratories, Shenango prepares tomorrow's workforce in northwest Pennsylvania and northeast Ohio. Expand Penn State Wilkes-Barre is transforming how surveying engineering is taught, developing a virtual reality lab and using 360-degree videos to train future surveyors. Established on a scenic estate close to downtown Wilkes-Barre in northeast Pennsylvania, the Wilkes-Barre campus offers unique hands-on opportunities and cutting-edge technologies. Expand Celebrating diversity with annual events is a rich part of Penn State York's campus culture. Making Chinese lanterns during the Lunar New Year celebration is part of ongoing cultural activities that enhance the out-of-classroom learning experience. Perched upon a hillside overlooking the historic city of York in south central Pennsylvania, the York campus offers programs to meet the needs of local students, international students, and the community. Expand Creating Opportunities for Everyone Penn State works diligently to provide opportunity and to enrich the quality of life for residents of the Commonwealth and beyond. Not only are we educating Pennsylvanians from all walks of life, we’re also fueling the state’s economy, serving our communities, and solving universal problems. 24 Campuses in communities across Pennsylvania. 21% Penn State students are the first in their families to attend college. 275+ Undergraduate majors that can be started at any of our campuses. Mushrooms are more than a superfood; they’re a living material Did you know Pennsylvania grows almost two-thirds of white button mushrooms produced in the United States? And since the beginning, Penn State’s leadership in research and education has shaped the industry. Recently, mushroom-related research has expanded into new and surprising areas. Watch to learn how mushrooms could impact the future of environmental clean-up and architecture and design. In the video that follows, Penn State researchers discuss mushrooms as a living material, as a food of the future, the industry, and how Penn State supports these efforts. LATEST NEWS Penn State Latest News RSS Feed 3D printing affordable, sustainable and resilient housing in Alaska Penn College receives $1.5M NSF grant to aid transportation workforce New structural insights could lead to mechanical enhancement in alloys Liberal Arts alumna blends passion for storytelling, cultures into culinary arts More Penn State news Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Get News By Email // Discover News Explore News Careers Facts and Rankings Colleges Campuses Health Care Research Impact Resources Prospective Students Current Students International Students Business and Industry Veterans and Military Visitors Faculty and Staff Alumni Media COVID-19 Information Popular Links Maps Directory Libraries Academic Calendar LionPATH Stay Connected Emails / Headlines Emergency Notifications Penn State Go Strategic Communications Report Misconduct Police 201 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-4700 Contact Us Privacy Statement Non Discrimination Accessibility Equal Opportunity Legal Statements The Pennsylvania State University © 2024