Tardis | Fandom TardisNew to Doctor Who or returning after a break? Check out our guides designed to help you find your way! READ MORE Tardis Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Tardis Community Forums Theories Request videos Help & Policies TV Doctor Who Main episode list Doctor Who Confidential Totally Doctor Who The Fan Show Webcasts DVD documentaries Torchwood Main episode list Torchwood Declassified Children of Earth Miracle Day Web of Lies Sarah Jane The Sarah Jane Adventures SJA episodes Sarah Jane's Alien Files K9 and Company Class Main episode list Classmates K9 Main episode list K9 and Company Other media Audios Big Finish Productions The Companion Chronicles Jago and Litefoot The Lost Stories Bernice Summerfield series Gallifrey audio series Audio Adventures in Time & Space Faction Paradox Comics Doctor Who comic stories Torchwood comic stories The Daleks comic stories Doctor Who? comic strips Cutaway Comics Novels New Series Adventures Eighth Doctor Adventures Virgin New Adventures Virgin Missing Adventures Obverse Books Telos Publishing Target Books Arcbeatle Press Short stories Short Trips Decalogs Doctor Who annuals Dalek annuals Brief Encounter Iris Wildthyme Faction Paradox Games Video games Board games Role-playing games Escape games ARGs Features Tie-in websites Know Your Enemy Doctor Who annuals Dalek annuals Illustrations DWM illustrations RT 40th Birthday Special The Eighth Doctors Characters The Doctor First Doctor Fourth Doctor Fifth Doctor Eighth Doctor Ninth Doctor Tenth Doctor Eleventh Doctor Twelfth Doctor Thirteenth Doctor Fifteenth Doctor Enemies The Master Davros The Toymaker Tecteun The Ravagers The Great Intelligence The Silence The Valeyard Sabbath Lolita Companions Barbara Wright Jamie McCrimmon Jo Grant Romana Rose Tyler Donna Noble Amy Pond Clara Oswald Yasmin Khan Other Protagonists Jack Harkness K9 Doom Iris Wildthyme Sarah Jane Smith Bernice Summerfield The Golden Emperor Liz Shaw Erimem Chris Cwej Species Time Lord Human Dalek Cyberman Ice Warrior Sontaran Weeping Angel Sea Devil Silurian Meep FANDOM Fan Central BETA Games Anime Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In FANDOM Explore Current Wiki Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Advertisement Sign In Register The Doctor Who Wiki 108,278pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Tardis Community Forums Theories Request videos Help & Policies TV Doctor Who Main episode list Doctor Who Confidential Totally Doctor Who The Fan Show Webcasts DVD documentaries Torchwood Main episode list Torchwood Declassified Children of Earth Miracle Day Web of Lies Sarah Jane The Sarah Jane Adventures SJA episodes Sarah Jane's Alien Files K9 and Company Class Main episode list Classmates K9 Main episode list K9 and Company Other media Audios Big Finish Productions The Companion Chronicles Jago and Litefoot The Lost Stories Bernice Summerfield series Gallifrey audio series Audio Adventures in Time & Space Faction Paradox Comics Doctor Who comic stories Torchwood comic stories The Daleks comic stories Doctor Who? comic strips Cutaway Comics Novels New Series Adventures Eighth Doctor Adventures Virgin New Adventures Virgin Missing Adventures Obverse Books Telos Publishing Target Books Arcbeatle Press Short stories Short Trips Decalogs Doctor Who annuals Dalek annuals Brief Encounter Iris Wildthyme Faction Paradox Games Video games Board games Role-playing games Escape games ARGs Features Tie-in websites Know Your Enemy Doctor Who annuals Dalek annuals Illustrations DWM illustrations RT 40th Birthday Special The Eighth Doctors Characters The Doctor First Doctor Fourth Doctor Fifth Doctor Eighth Doctor Ninth Doctor Tenth Doctor Eleventh Doctor Twelfth Doctor Thirteenth Doctor Fifteenth Doctor Enemies The Master Davros The Toymaker Tecteun The Ravagers The Great Intelligence The Silence The Valeyard Sabbath Lolita Companions Barbara Wright Jamie McCrimmon Jo Grant Romana Rose Tyler Donna Noble Amy Pond Clara Oswald Yasmin Khan Other Protagonists Jack Harkness K9 Doom Iris Wildthyme Sarah Jane Smith Bernice Summerfield The Golden Emperor Liz Shaw Erimem Chris Cwej Species Time Lord Human Dalek Cyberman Ice Warrior Sontaran Weeping Angel Sea Devil Silurian Meep English Български Čeština Cymraeg Deutsch Español Suomi Français עברית Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский Українська 中文 Home View source View history Talk (541) Welcome to the Tardis! We're the wiki for the BBC action, adventure and science-fantasy franchise Doctor Who, along with its spin-offs like Torchwood, The Sarah Jane Adventures, Class and several others. Partners in crime It's been a while, but with Doctor Who in 2023, we're happy to announce that many familiar faces are returning to the show, both on and off screen! In the lead up to our 60th anniversary we're excited for you to get reacquainted with them. The DoctorDonna NobleRussell T Davies David TennantCatherine TateJulie GardnerMurray Gold How to Doctor Who Intimidated by the long history of Doctor Who? Don't be. You'll be able to jump right in with the 60th anniversary specials later this year and enjoy it as a brand new show. These four concepts are probably all you'll actually need. The TARDISSonic screwdriverCompanionsRegeneration If you want to know more, check out our guides on Doctor Who! Explore the Whoniverse! Doctor Who isn't the only series set in the Whoniverse to air on TV. Check out some others! Further down the rabbit hole, Alice? Want to know more than the surface level? Consider looking into some of these ongoing non-TV series. Step Back in Time Click a bubble to find out more about a section of Doctor Who's 60-year expanded media history. Transmats Want to know more about the worlds of Doctor Who? Check out some of these specially designed landing pages! Doctor Who is a "family franchise", which means there's something in it for all ages.It does not mean that all content is appropriate for all ages. Doctor Who, Torchwood, The Sarah Jane Adventures, Class, K9 and Company, K9, "the TARDIS", the sonic screwdriver, psychic paper, the Daleks, the Cybermen, the K9 prop — and all characters, concepts and situations described and displayed on this wiki— are © and or ™ the British Broadcasting Corporation, BBC Worldwide, Metal Mutt Productions and/or their individual creators and licensees. No infringement of any entity's legal rights is intended. Strenuous effort is made to ensure that only low-resolution still images — and videos released by copyright holders in their public social media channels — are uploaded here, so as to protect the copyright holders' legitimate interests. In simpler language: we're just fans doing our best to catalogue the franchise we love, without hurting the financial position of any of its owners. There's more than just TV You can certainly choose to enjoy Doctor Who as purely a television series. But did you know that there are far more stories told in the comic and audio form than exist in the whole television catalogue? Luckily, there's no such thing as canon in this fandom. So you can enjoy exactly the kind of Doctor Who you prefer. And we'll be here to cover it all! Take a trip in the memory TARDIS! Tales of the TARDIS is the first new spin-off to join the Whoniverse on BBC iPlayer. Each episode comprises a classic Doctor Who story edited into one omnibus-style episode, bookended by new scenes featuring members of the original cast in "a remembered TARDIS". It's a great place to start dipping your toes into Doctor Who's older stories, or to revisit old favourites! Running from the Black Guardian? Try out a random article from the Tardis Wiki! Like the Fourth Doctor's randomiser, this will take you anywhere in time and space... mostly Earth in the 20th or 21st centuries. Who knows what you'll find? Listen to the Doctor and friends! The Companion Chronicles present the Doctor's adventures as seen through the eyes of their companions, voiced by their original actors. Most stories in this range are narrated and feature two actors, one of which played a companion of one of the first seven Doctors. Stripped for Action! Where Nobody Knows Your Name — intentionally titled after the Cheers theme song — was an Eighth Doctor comic story set in a bar. More character study than adventure, it stressed the complexities of friendships between long-lived shape-shifters like the Doctor and his former companion, Frobisher. Enter the Game Station The First Adventure was a video game released in late 1983 for the BBC Micro. The title was, fittingly, the first officially licensed Doctor Who video game. Months earlier, an unlicensed game titled Doctor Who Adventure had appeared in Computer & Video Games, a gaming zine. The First Adventure featured the Doctor traveling through several areas to save his companion, with most levels being based on other popular games of the time. Who is the Doctor? Curious about the Doctor's many incarnations? Click a face below to learn about one of the Doctor's numbered regenerations! Categories Categories: Floor 500 Languages Български Čeština Cymraeg Deutsch Español Suomi Français עברית Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский Українська 中文 Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. More Fandoms Fantasy Horror Sci-fi Doctor Who Advertisement Fan Feed More Tardis 1 Weeping Angel 2 Face of Boe 3 The 456 Explore properties Fandom Muthead Fanatical Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Tardis is a FANDOM TV Community. View Mobile Site Follow on IG TikTok Join Fan Lab