Sports Rumors, News & Videos | Yardbarker.com Yardbarker: Sports Rumors, News & Videos NEWSLETTERS Emailed Daily. Always Free! Home Quizzes My Quiz Activity Newsletters Sports Betting MY FAVORITES Add Sports/Teams SPORTS NFL NFL Home Arizona Cardinals Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills Carolina Panthers Chicago Bears Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Dallas Cowboys Denver Broncos Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Kansas City Chiefs Las Vegas Raiders Los Angeles Chargers Los Angeles Rams Miami Dolphins Minnesota Vikings New England Patriots New Orleans Saints New York Jets New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Tampa Bay Buccaneers Tennessee Titans Washington Commanders MLB MLB Home Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago White Sox Chicago Cubs Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Guardians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Yankees New York Mets Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals NBA NBA Home Atlanta Hawks Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets Charlotte Hornets Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Dallas Mavericks Denver Nuggets Detroit Pistons Golden State Warriors Houston Rockets Indiana Pacers Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Memphis Grizzlies Miami Heat Milwaukee Bucks Minnesota Timberwolves New Orleans Pelicans New York Knicks Oklahoma City Thunder Orlando Magic Philadelphia 76ers Phoenix Suns Portland Trail Blazers Sacramento Kings San Antonio Spurs Toronto Raptors Utah Jazz Washington Wizards NHL NHL Home Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Calgary Flames Carolina Hurricanes Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Columbus Blue Jackets Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Edmonton Oilers Florida Panthers Los Angeles Kings Minnesota Wild Montreal Canadiens Nashville Predators New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Ottawa Senators Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins San Jose Sharks Seattle Kraken St. Louis Blues Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver Canucks Vegas Golden Knights Washington Capitals Winnipeg Jets NCAAF NCAAM Boxing Entertainment Entertainment Home Movies TV Streaming Music Lifestyle Lifestyle Home Health Food Drinks Travel Golf MMA Soccer Tennis Wrestling More Sports RESOURCES My Account YB on Facebook YB on Twitter YB on Flipboard Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service NFL MLB NBA NHL Sports Betting Entertainment Quizzes ··· Boxing CFL College Basketball College Football Entertainment Formula One Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing IndyCar MLS MMA Motor Sports NASCAR Olympics Premier League Skiing Soccer Sports Betting Sports Business Tennis Track and Field UFL WNBA Wrestling More Sports ▸ Follow Us On Facebook On Flipboard On Twitter NEWSLETTERSEmailed Daily. Always Free! Kirk Cousins is 'seriously considering' moving family to NFC city One of the biggest quarterback dominos to fall next week will be where QB Kirk Cousins will play in 2024. Do Cousins' moving plans indicate an imminent signing? Insider names three teams to watch in Cousins sweepstakes Report: Falcons prefer this four-time Pro Bowler instead of Justin Fields The biggest quarterback trades in NFL history The '300+ yards in the wild-card round' quiz Features The Morning Bark The Quiz of the Day Bark Bets Popular Topics 23 min Sports Betting 32 min Trades & Transactions 5 min Yardbarker Originals Follow Us Free Newsletters On Facebook On Twitter On Flipboard On YouTube NFL News / Yardbarker / 2 minutes ago Whispers linking Bears' Justin Fields with Browns continue after combine Whispers about the Browns possibly making a move for Bears QB Justin Fields emerged earlier this offseason and didn't quiet down through and beyond the NFL Scouting Combine. NFL insider names four teams as potential Fields suitors Report: Falcons prefer this four-time Pro Bowler instead of Fields Insider shares when Bears could make Caleb Williams, Fields decision The biggest quarterback trades in NFL history The 'NFL QBs drafted in the first round' quiz Philadelphia Eagles News / Yardbarker / 28 minutes ago What retirement of star means for Eagles offensive line Following Jason Kelce’s emotional retirement news conference Monday, the Eagles are left with an enormous hole in their lineup. Report shares what's likely next for retired Eagles star Jason Kelce Is Jason Kelce's next stop the Pro Football Hall of Fame? The 25 best NFL play-by-play broadcasters Dallas Cowboys News / Yardbarker / 4 minutes ago Dak Prescott, Troy Aikman comment on Cowboys' culture criticisms Current Dallas Cowboys starting quarterback Dak Prescott and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman both spoke during a charity event on Monday evening about criticisms of the club's culture. Reporter raises doubts about Dak Prescott extension Cowboys reportedly don't want Dak Prescott to 'reset QB market' The best NFL teams that never made it to a Super Bowl The 'Leading rushers from the 2021 NFL season' quiz Popular Quizzes Can you name the NBA players who have scored the most career points? Can you name the NBA league leaders in three-pointers made since the 1979-80 season? Can you name the player with the most rushing yards in a season for every NFL franchise? Can you name every NBA player to record a 5x5? Denver Broncos News / Yardbarker / 5 minutes ago Watch: Robert Griffin III passionately defends Russell Wilson ESPN analyst and former NFL quarterback Robert Griffin III passionately defended signal-caller Russell Wilson during Tuesday's episode of "Get Up." Sean Payton entering uncharted territory with Russell Wilson's pending release The final cost of the Russell Wilson trade will make Broncos fans sick Potential landing spots for Russell Wilson after pending release from Broncos The most notable single-season declines in NFL history The 'Famous NFL nicknames' quiz Russell Wilson News / Yardbarker / 2 hours ago The final cost of the Russell Wilson trade will make Broncos fans sick The NFL’s worst-kept secret was finally confirmed on Monday when the Broncos informed quarterback Russell Wilson that he would be released once the new NFL year began on March 13. Russell Wilson to be released by Denver at the start of the NFL year The Broncos set an unwanted record by releasing the Super Bowl-winning QB The potential landing spots for Wilson after his pending release Wilson had a glaring omission in his farewell message to Broncos Sean Payton entering uncharted territory with Wilson's departure The worst trades in NFL history Los Angeles Lakers News / Yardbarker / 0 minutes ago Watch: D'Angelo Russell mauled by Lakers teammates for making 'lucky shot' As the kids would say, D'Angelo Russell was "on a heater" Monday night. LeBron James doesn't wish the pressure he faced on any other 18-year-old Will another NBA player reach 40K points? Lakers star doesn't think so 20 cities that deserve an NBA expansion team The 'Most career NBA points' quiz Philadelphia Eagles News / Larry Brown Sports / 11 hours ago Jason Kelce announces decision about his playing career The 36-year-old fought back tears before he shared the news in a press conference. Report shares what is likely next for the retired Eagles star Is Kelce's next stop the Hall of Fame? Jason Kelce thanks mother, Donna, as part of his retirement speech Watch: Travis Kelce gets emotional during Jason’s news conference Eagles owner makes an emotional statement on Kelce's retirement Tampa Bay Buccaneers News / Yardbarker / 14 hours ago Mike Evans strikes a deal to stay with the Buccaneers Mike Evans won't have a new NFL home after all. Will Baker Mayfield give Buccaneers a discount after the Evans deal? Cowboys reportedly don't want the QB market to be reset by Dak Prescott Chiefs officially place franchise tag on star cornerback L'Jarius Sneed Reporter reveals who the Panthers will use the franchise tag on Insider updates what Jets may have to do to trade QB Zach Wilson New Jersey Devils News / Pro Hockey Rumors / 6 hours ago Devils make major decision on Lindy Ruff The New Jersey Devils have fired head coach Lindy Ruff. One issue that has been plaguing the Bruins all season long Golden Knights activate Jack Eichel, place Mark Stone on LTIR Red Wings captain Dylan Larkin sidelined by a lower-body injury Pair of Pacific Division contenders among 'legit suitors' for Jake Guentzel NHL futures: Why Auston Matthews is a good bet to win the Hart Trophy Entertainment 20 movies that mostly take place in one location 20 albums turning 50 in 2024 What are the must-see concerts of 2024? Milwaukee Brewers News / Larry Brown Sports / 8 hours ago Former AL MVP announces retirement from baseball In his announcement, he said that he initially planned to try to play in 2024, but decided against it in light of his recent marriage and spending time with his kids. Josh Donaldson calls it a career, and a good one at that Phillies complete priority offseason task by extending ace Mike Trout responds to fans who think he should demand a trade Giants star 3B seemingly criticizes A's in his return to Bay Area Cardinals pitcher suffers injury setback This St. Louis prospect has chance to make impact to begin 2024 season NBA News / Yardbarker / 2 hours ago Watch: Damian Lillard comes up big in fourth as Bucks down Clippers sans Giannis Antetokounmpo With Giannis Antetokounmpo out of the lineup, Monday night was Damian Lillard's time to put the Bucks on his back. After latest setback, the Ben Simmons trade is unmitigated disaster for Nets Knicks avoid disaster with positive injury update for Jalen Brunson Are we heading toward a Celtics-Knicks showdown in the playoffs? Raptors All-Star Scottie Barnes undergoes surgery for fractured hand Cavaliers star out at least the next three games with a bone bruise Washington Huskies News / Yardbarker / 0 minutes ago Michael Penix Jr. reportedly left Indianapolis as 'winner' of combine Penix has until April 25 to convince just one team he's worth a first-round selection and the fifth-year option that comes attached to that asset. Patriots linked with QB at No. 3. But it isn't Drake Maye or Jayden Daniels Famous QB coach discusses how Patriots should spend No. 3 pick Georgia star Brock Bowers shares the three NFL tight ends he admires Why the Chiefs should be targeting this record-breaking WR in NFL Draft Chargers take this Hall of Famer's son in latest mock draft Michigan Wolverines News / Yardbarker / 5 hours ago Five reasons Michigan should keep beleaguered Juwan Howard as coach The Michigan basketball faithful are dismayed by their team's showing, and head coach Juwan Howard's seat appears to be getting hotter by the day. John Beilein offers a telling comment about Michigan’s struggles CBB weekend takeaways: Gonzaga locks up an at-large bid Houston remains No. 1 in the men's poll; Kansas falls out of the top 10 Jim Boeheim takes shot at ESPN analyst over Caitlin Clark take Stanford, Iowa move up in the women's poll behind No. 1 South Carolina Dallas Mavericks News / Yardbarker / 9 hours ago The Mavericks won't be contenders until they resolve their defensive issues Winning an NBA championship requires elite production on both ends of the floor. Paul George discusses 'ideal' playoff scenario for the Clippers Report reveals the potential timeline for Russell Westbrook's return from injury Are the Nuggets the only roadblock for the surging Celtics in the playoffs? The Warriors' last-ditch game plan shows how far they've fallen The Suns get a worrisome injury update on All-Star guard Devin Booker Golf News / Yardbarker / 7 hours ago Joaquin Niemann still hasn't proven he's a top-10 golfer in the world Joaquin Niemann is playing better golf than any player in the world — on any tour. The Chilean just won LIV Golf Jeddah by four strokes to capture his third victory in his last six worldwide starts, which ignited a debate regarding his place in the world golf rankings. Niemann wins LIV Jeddah by four strokes Paul Azinger laments PGA Tour’s decline, calls it feeder for LIV Golf Austin Eckroat wins his first PGA title at delayed Cognizant Classic Hannah Green putts to Singapore win Golf best bets: Outright picks for this week's Arnold Palmer Invitational Lifestyle The 21 best "girl dinner" ingredients 20 amazing snowy US getaways for your winter escape The 23 best European cities during the spring NFL News / Yardbarker / 7 hours ago Free-agency mock draft: Baker Mayfield, two other QBs go in first round We decided to give free agency a mock-draft feel, allowing Yardbarker NFL writers to "draft" pending free agents. For this draft, we used the current NFL draft order (mostly) but gave Carolina, Cleveland and Houston their first-round picks back. Insider claims Giants have already made decision on QB's future Insider names three teams to watch in the Kirk Cousins sweepstakes The 49ers may not be ruling out a reunion with star pass-rusher The Patriots are expected to pursue this top free-agent offensive tackle Jaguars release starting DL hours after wishing him a happy birthday Mike Evans News / Yardbarker Quizzes The 'Most receiving yards for every NFL franchise' quiz How many of the career leaders in receiving yards for every NFL franchise can you name in five minutes? Mike Evans strikes a deal to stay in Tampa Bay Denver Broncos News / Yardbarker / 1 hour ago Sean Payton entering uncharted territory with Russell Wilson's pending release With Wilson's pending release, all eyes in Denver turn toward Payton. The worst trades in NFL history The 'Most career NFL passing yards' quiz The final cost of the Russell Wilson trade will make Broncos fans sick Potential landing spots for Russell Wilson after pending release from Broncos Russell Wilson had glaring omission in his farewell message to Broncos Duke Blue Devils News / Yardbarker / 26 minutes ago CBB weekend takeaways: Gonzaga locks up at-large bid The penultimate Saturday of the regular season yielded plenty of high-stakes matchups, with NCAA Tournament implications hanging in the balance. With that, here are four takeaways from the action. No. 9 Duke pulls away for victory over NC State The greatest players in Duke men's basketball history The 'NCAA men's basketball champions' quiz Buffalo Bills News / Yardbarker / 6 minutes ago 2024 offseason primer: Bills must juggle salary-cap agony, replacing key players With the worst cap situation in the NFL, the Buffalo Bills (11-6) are going to have to get creative in filling out their 2024 roster. Bills land fastest player in combine history in latest mock draft Buffalo could be heading toward a reset on defense Bills release veteran RB The best NFL teams that never made it to a Super Bowl The '1990-93 Buffalo Bills Pro Bowlers' quiz Denver Broncos News / Yardbarker / 26 minutes ago Potential landing spots for Russell Wilson after pending release from Broncos It's the end of an error in Denver. The Broncos announced on Monday that Russell Wilson will be released, putting an end to a disastrous two-year marriage between the organization and the Super Bowl XLVIII-winning quarterback. Broncos reach a major decision with Wilson The final cost of the Wilson trade will make Broncos fans sick Broncos set unwanted record by releasing Wilson The worst trades in NFL history MLB The most overpaid & underpaid players at every MLB position The biggest bargain on every MLB team The biggest X-factors on every MLB roster for 2024 Dallas Cowboys News / Yardbarker / 47 minutes ago Three hottest seats on the Dallas Cowboys Here are three Cowboys on the hottest seats in 2024. Cowboys reportedly don't want Dak Prescott to 'reset QB market' Reporter raises doubts about Dak Prescott extension Cowboys are preparing to part ways with this long-time starter Which NFL teams were the biggest all-time letdowns? The 'Leading rushers from the 2021 NFL season' quiz NASCAR News / Yardbarker / 43 minutes ago Week 3 NASCAR power rankings: Dominant win puts Kyle Larson in driver's seat Sunday's Pennzoil 400 gave NASCAR fans the season's first glimpse at who the top dogs are on the non-drafting tracks. Three of a kind: Larson wins at Las Vegas for third time Four things we learned after Larson's dominant victory at Las Vegas Spire Motorsports is just getting started NASCAR spokesperson explains red flag decision at Las Vegas Rajah Caruth comments on the importance of increasing representation in NASCAR Boston Bruins News / Yardbarker / 19 minutes ago One issue that has been plaguing the Bruins all season Blown leads have been a nagging issue for the Bruins all season. Even when the team was piling up wins at the start, it was still apparent. Three positions Bruins should address before trade deadline Bruins’ Pavel Zacha leaves game vs. Islanders with lower-body injury Who are the current captains of every NHL team? The '1971-72 Boston Bruins' quiz Golden State Warriors News / Yardbarker / 20 minutes ago The Warriors' last-ditch game plan shows how far they've fallen The Warriors suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of the Celtics on Sunday. A significant talking point following the game was their decision to sag off Jaylen Brown at the three-point line. Celtics lead by as many as 56 points, crush Warriors 140-88 Watch: Celtics post historic first half against Warriors Warriors' last-minute defensive plan backfires Jaylen Brown calls out Warriors for ‘disrespectful’ game plan Stephen Curry admits Celtics remind him of his dynastic Warriors Ohio State Buckeyes News / Yardbarker / 16 minutes ago Chargers take son of Hall of Famer in new mock draft To become a Super Bowl contender, the Chargers need Herbert to play at an MVP level. Drafting an elite WR prospect would help the star quarterback elevate his game. Famous QB coach discusses how Patriots should spend draft pick No. 3 Who the Patriots have shown, not shown interest in at the NFL Combine 2024 NFL first-round mock draft: QBs taken 1-2-3 The 'College football championship coaches' quiz Tampa Bay Buccaneers News / Yardbarker / 13 minutes ago Buccaneers seem confident about keeping Baker Mayfield Quarterback Baker Mayfield reportedly won't "take a hometown discount to stay" with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, but that doesn't mean Tampa Bay faithful should worry just yet. Will Baker Mayfield give Buccaneers a discount after Mike Evans deal? Patriots reportedly make Baker Mayfield, Kirk Cousins decision How hard is it to replace an NFL franchise QB? The '300+ yards in the wild-card round' quiz NBA The most notable individual NBA rivalries Every NBA Rookie of the Year award winner Every winner of the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year San Francisco 49ers News / Yardbarker / 12 minutes ago The 49ers may not be ruling out a reunion with star pass-rusher San Francisco 49ers edge-rusher Chase Young was an effective part of the team’s pass rush during the postseason. 49ers showed interest in Chiefs coach Report links two teams to potential Zach Wilson trade NFL News / Yardbarker / 1 hour ago Five WRs Jets should target with star wideouts now off the market Here's a look at five players the Jets can target in free agency, now that Tee Higgins and Mike Evans are spoken for. Jets seem to be getting bad Zach Wilson news at NFL Scouting Combine Insider updates what Jets may have to do to trade Zach Wilson The worst NFL teams from the past 50 years The 'NFL's leading rushers from 2005' quiz Philadelphia Eagles News / Yardbarker / 13 minutes ago Three hottest seats on the Philadelphia Eagles Here are three Eagles on the hottest seats in 2024. Fan-favorite Eagle confirms retirement Eagles All-Pro defender expected to retire The most notable single-season declines in NFL history Carolina Panthers News / Pro Football Rumors / 14 minutes ago Panthers expected to move on from starting corner The LSU alum had a down year in coverage last season, allowing three touchdowns as the nearest defender and surrendering an opposing passer rating of 107.7. Panthers pause extension talks with Brian Burns NFC Rumors: Baker Mayfield, Kirk Cousins, Justin Fields, Buccaneers, Falcons, Panthers, Saints The worst NFL teams from the past 50 years Nashville Predators News / Pro Hockey Rumors / 2 hours ago Predators sign center to three-year extension The 26-year-old has been one of the best per-minute producers in the league since last season, accumulating 30 goals and 77 points in 102 games while averaging only 14:31 per contest. Cody Glass’ Career Night Demonstrates Growth with Predators Cody Glass' first career hat trick leads Predators past Avs NHL Rumours: Toronto Maple Leafs and Nashville Predators NHL head coaches with the most wins Can you name every player selected in the Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft? NFL News / Yardbarker / 0 minutes ago Famous QB coach discusses how Patriots should spend No. 3 pick Well-respected quarterback coach George Whitfield recently spoke with Karen Guregian of MassLive and said New England "can’t go wrong" with getting a QB at overall draft pick No. 3. Who the Patriots have shown, not shown interest in at the NFL Combine NFL Scouting Combine risers and fallers: 10 prospects whose stocks soared, plummeted in Indianapolis The best and worst uniform looks for every NFL team The 'Heisman Trophy winners' quiz NFL 2024 NFL first-round mock draft: QBs taken 1-2-3 The way-too-early odds to win Super Bowl LIX 25 bold predictions for the 2024 NFL offseason Detroit Red Wings News / Pro Hockey Rumors / 22 minutes ago Red Wings captain sidelined by lower-body injury He sustained the injury in Saturday’s 4-0 loss to the Panthers, although it’s unclear which play caused it. He did not play the final 10 minutes of the third period and was replaced by Joe Veleno. Grading the Red Wings’ Season After 60 Games Mild Frenzy Over Contract Status of Patrick Kane with Red Wings The Grind Line: Red Wings 2024 Trade Deadline Strategy Who are the current captains of every NHL team? The '1996-1998 Detroit Red Wings' quiz Soccer News / Yardbarker / 4 hours ago Real Salt Lake's 'snow game' win brings chaos, controversy to MLS On an ordinary day, a Major League Soccer match between Real Salt Lake and Los Angeles FC wouldn't turn many heads. But Saturday was no ordinary day. The 25 best American-born men's soccer players of all time The 'MLS teams' quiz NBA News / Yardbarker / 51 minutes ago Nurkic's historic performance not enough for Suns against Thunder Nurkic set a franchise record while accomplishing a feat that hadn't been done in 13 years. Still, Phoenix was unable to pull out the win against Oklahoma City. Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic Unhappy With Refs On Historic Night Suns’ Comeback Falls Short in Heartbreaking Loss to Oklahoma City Thunder Shai Gilgeous-Alexander goes for 30-plus again, lifts Thunder over Suns The highest-paid players for the 2023-24 NBA season The 'NBA player Twitter handles' quiz Soccer News / Yardbarker / 5 hours ago The European Champions League has a new format It's official. The Champions League will have a new look for the 2024-25 season and beyond, after over two decades of the current format. The 25 best American-born men's soccer players of all time The 'FIFA World Cup Golden Boot winners' quiz Tampa Bay Buccaneers News / Yardbarker / 19 minutes ago Will Baker Mayfield give Buccaneers a discount after Mike Evans deal? Perhaps Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans and quarterback Baker Mayfield aren't quite the "package deal" we assumed. Mike Evans strikes a deal to stay in Tampa Bay AFC team is reportedly ‘very high’ on Baker Mayfield The biggest quarterback trades in NFL history The '300+ yards in the wild-card round' quiz Texas Longhorns News / Yardbarker / 1 hour ago Bills land fastest player in Combine history in latest mock draft Many of the "experts" believe the Bills will get QB Josh Allen another weapon with their first-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft. Bills release veteran RB Watch: Texas' Xavier Worthy officially breaks 40-yard dash record The 20 greatest football players in Texas Longhorns history The 'NFL QBs with the most career rushing touchdowns' quiz NHL Every Hart Trophy winner of the NHL's Expansion Era Who scored the most goals for every NHL franchise? Who is the greatest head coach in every NHL team's history? Breaking News MLB - Astros' Justin Verlander to begin season on injured list NFL - Jets to release veteran TE NFL - Dak Prescott, Troy Aikman comment on Cowboys' culture criticisms NFL - Watch: Robert Griffin III passionately defends Russell Wilson NBA - Timberwolves All-Star benched after he 'lost track of time' NBA - Watch: D'Angelo Russell mauled by Lakers teammates for making 'lucky shot' NFL - Report shares what's likely next for retired Eagles star NFL - The final cost of the Wilson trade will make Broncos fans sick My Favorites NFL News Baker Mayfield reportedly uninterested in joining AFC team Dak Prescott, Troy Aikman comment on Cowboys' culture criticisms Kirk Cousins is 'seriously considering' moving family to NFC city MLB News Red Sox SP's brutal injury update continues club's nightmare offseason Cardinals pitcher suffers setback in spring training Josh Donaldson calls it a career, and a good one at that NBA News Timberwolves All-Star benched after he 'lost track of time' Damian Lillard was interested in Spurs move before Bucks trade The streaking Bucks have turned their season around NHL News One issue that has been plaguing the Bruins all season Will Calgary Flames forward Martin Pospisil be suspended for his hit on Seattle’s Vince Dunn? NHL bets: A pair of prop parlays to start our week College Football News Are Steelers planning to trade up in draft for top playmaker? Odd reason given for why Arch Manning opted out of 'College Football 25' Jalen Milroe will have to earn QB1 duties under Kalen DeBoer at Alabama College Basketball News Look of the Day for Tuesday, March 5: Gators chompin' at the bit CBB weekend takeaways: Gonzaga locks up at-large bid Five reasons Michigan should keep beleaguered Juwan Howard as coach Customize Your Newsletter + Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free! This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. TERMS OF SERVICE PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ FREE NEWSLETTERS Copyright 2024 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.