Economics Help Skip to content 0 Menu Home Shop Economics A – Z Blog Contact 0 0 Menu Home Shop Economics A – Z Blog Contact 0 Economics Help.org Resources for those looking to understand economics. Essays, e-books, blog posts and latest developments on the UK and global economy. Sections A-level Revision Products | Glossary of terms |Microeconomics | Macroeconomics | Recent Articles Popular Revision e-books Economics Revision Guide £8.95 Add to basket A-Level Economics Essays £9.00 Add to basket Exam Tips for Economics £6.00 Add to basket AS economics revision guide £5.50 Add to basket Cracking Economics Read more Macro Economics Revision Notes Economic growth Fiscal policy Monetary policy Inflation International trade / globalisation Supply-side policies Unemployment More – Macro economics topics Micro Economics Revision Notes Elasticity Market failure Government intervention Behavioural economics Labour markets Market structure Supply and demand More – Micro economics topics Latest Blog Posts The UK’s Self-Inflicted Economic Decline Since the financial crisis of 2009, the UK economy has experienced a real decline in economic fortunes. Last month, we entered a recession, but real GDP per capita has been stagnating for a decade. This poor economic performance is creating its own spiral of problems- rising debt, low investment and creaking public services. Recent budgets… UK Inequality Explained After a sharp increase in the 1980s, income inequality appears to have slightly improved in recent years. However, this general measure of inequality fails to capture many of the increasing divides across the country. Whilst the income share of the top 1% has grown, the poorest 10% have faced falling living standards in a cost-of-living… UK 2024 Recession – Is it Avoidable? Last week the UK economy slipped into recession. But, was it avoidable? Why are interest rates not coming down when households are facing the greatest squeeze on incomes for a generation? Although inflation is falling it is still above the inflation target, but it is a mistake to prolong a recession, when inflation is expected… Economicshelp.org on Youtube Reviews The A-level essays I bought from your website are really helpful in improving my writing. Also I’m always interested in the writings on your economics blog, they are clear & concise while able to describe complicated economics theories applied to the real world.” – Ian Read more reviews about Economicshelp.org products Books by Tejvan Pettinger Cracking Economics An easy to read an overview of economics. ‘Cracking Economics’ gives explanations of main topics with images and diagrams to bring economics to life. The book is aimed at anyone with a general interest in economics but would like a better understanding. Available in hardback at major bookshops and online. Read More Economics without the Boring bits An Enlightening Guide to the Dismal Science – published by Wellbeck. It includes topics such as common economic fallacies, middlemen, recycling, debt, finance, trade, money, taxation and why some people get rich and others don’t. Read more Selection of videos explaining economics Get new posts by email: SubscribePowered by Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS Feed Ask an economics question You are welcome to ask any questions on Economics. Ask a question About Tejvan Pettinger studied PPE at LMH, Oxford University. Find out more Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact | © - Economicshelp.org 2024 Continue Shopping → Item added to cart. 0 items - £0.00 Checkout