Create Your Mind Maps Online - On Any Device | MindMeister Product Features Custom Styles Make it yours. Focus Mode See what matters. Mixed Map Layouts Multiple layouts on the same map. Outline Mode From visual to linear and back again. Comments & Notifications Start the discussion. Embedded Media Add context to ideas. Overview Features Templates Integrations Webinars Mobile Apps Academy Security Save 30% with the Meister Bundle Get MindMeister and MeisterTask at a reduced price. Find out more Solutions Workflows & Use Cases Mind Mapping A canvas for your ideas. Brainstorming Plan for success. Project Planning Make every minute count. Note Taking Generate better ideas. Meeting Management A new way to note it down. Education Your classroom companion. MindMeister for Software / IT Marketing Consulting Human Resources Students Educators Save 30% with the Meister Bundle Get MindMeister and MeisterTask at a reduced price. Find out more Pricing Contact Sales Log In Sign Up Save 30% with the Meister Bundle Get MindMeister and MeisterTask at a reduced price. Find out more It all starts with an idea. Collaborative Mind Mapping Continue with Google or sign up using your email Trusted by 37 million happy users worldwide Visualizeyour ideas Collaboratewith your team Manageyour tasks Share with the world How to Mind Map, Beautifully Features for Your Big Ideas. Mind mapping starts with a main idea in the center of your mind map. Create unlimited subtopics and explore your thoughts, color coding for clarity and style. As your map takes shape, add context to topics with attachments, embedded media and more. MindMeister’s features guide you through your first mind maps onto maximum creativity. Custom Styles Unique, beautiful mind maps. Mixed Map Layouts Mind maps, org charts, lists. Outline Mode List or mind map? You decide. Focus Mode Showcase your best ideas. Comments and Notifications Start the discussion. Embedded Media Add context to your ideas. Beautiful Themes Explore MindMeister’s expertly-designed themes to add color and style to your maps – improving readability and comprehension. Templates translation missing: en.features.templates.description Quick Keys Add topics, format text, and arrange your map without touching your mouse. Mind mapping has never been easier. Brainstorm Mode Launch collaborative brainstorming sessions with your team. Let your creativity flow, then add comments and reactions! Embedded Media Enhance your mind maps with embedded multimedia attachments in map topics, including videos, images, gifs and links. Export Develop and present your maps with other types of software. Export to PDF, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and more to ensure everyone stays connected. Unlock Your Imagination Mind Map Online. MindMeister makes creating stunning mind maps easy. Our intuitive editor allows you to map your big ideas together with your team, quickly and beautifully. From project planning, to brainstorming, to meeting management, set your collaborative creativity free and create epic mind maps. Mind Mapping Use MindMeister to build beautiful mind maps quickly and easily. Online mind mapping makes it easy to brainstorm, organize your thoughts, and collaborate with others in your company or classroom. With an infinite canvas for your ideas, the only limit is your imagination. Get Started Brainstorming Don't just talk about it: write it down! Brainstorming is an effective way for teams to generate ideas, boost creative performance and improve team participation. With unlimited topics and sharing options, MindMeister has all the tools you need to succeed. Get Started Project Planning You don’t have to be a master planner to pull off a successful project. Mind maps can help you plan concrete steps for your project and boost collaboration, creativity and flexibility in the process. With mind maps, you can streamline and improve any project at any stage in the process. Get Started Meeting Management Keep everyone on the same page. Create a collaborative agenda, then add minutes to map topics and turn your mind map into a shared knowledge hub. Showing your next big idea? Use MindMeister to present and share your ideas directly from your mind map. Get Started translation missing: en.use_cases.browse_more Develop your big ideas What Is Online Mind Mapping? Mind mapping is a powerful technique that helps you visualize your thoughts and communicate them to others. MindMeister’s easy-to-use, web-based mind map maker provides an infinite canvas for brainstorming, note taking, project planning and countless other creative tasks, no download required. With MindMeister mobile, you can take your ideas with you wherever you go. Why Mind Mapping? The Benefits of Online Mind Mapping Mind mapping improves creativity, productivity and collaboration. In one study, 92 percent of respondents said that mind mapping helps “distill information and reach clarity faster,” while 81 percent said it helps “manage projects more efficiently.” It's not just for business: mind maps help students improve knowledge retention and recall, according to some studies by up to 32 percent. Structure Information Mind maps can store and structure vast amounts of information. They display hierarchy, show relationships between ideas and enable you to see the “big picture” at a glance. This also makes mind mapping the ideal method for presentations, group work and project planning. Improve Memory In school and university education, mind maps are effective learning aids. By structuring information in a way that is compatible with visual learning styles, and by filtering long texts into shorter mind map topics, learners can absorb more information, faster. Spark Creativity Mind mapping gets your creative juices flowing and can inspire you to refine unformed ideas or discover new concepts. That's because mind maps use images and keywords to create new associations in your brain, which you can also transcribe with incredible speed. “A tool I’ve brought with me and used at every job/role for the last 8+ years… @mindmeister – an awesome mind mapping and collaboration tool. full of functionality and joy.” Rose Grabowski Twitter Your Ideas Deserve a Beautiful Canvas Start for Free. Upgrade Anytime. Create your first map Add Context to Your Ideas Add. Link. Integrate. MindMeister’s web-based, online mind mapping software helps you capture, develop and share ideas visually. Once you’ve captured your ideas, add context to each topic with links, attachments, embeds and integrations. Do more with your ideas. See all integrations Ideas Under Lock and Key Your Privacy.Our Priority. MindMeister is a Trusted Cloud certified service and fully EU-GDPR compliant. All our products are hosted in the European Union with servers located in an ISO 27001-certified data center in Frankfurt, Germany. Find out more Our Mobile Apps Creativity Mapped. Whenever, Wherever. Download our native apps to mind map wherever you are. MindMeister mobile supports real-time collaboration, automatic sync and more. Turn Ideas Into Action With MindMeister + MeisterTask You've mapped out your ideas, but why stop there? Unleash the full potential of your team with MeisterTask — the fastest and easiest way to bring your best ideas to life. From Great Ideas to Great ResultsMake your plans a reality: Discover the MindMeister-MeisterTask integration for seamless project workflows. Learn more Mind Mapping 101 A Short History The Beginning Visual representations of information have been used for thousands of years. Humans have always felt the urge to record their thoughts and present these to others – in both analog and digital formats. The Father The term “mind map” appeared in the 1970s, when it was coined on the BBC by Tony Buzan, the “father of mind mapping.” Originally, Buzan had developed mind maps to memorize information at university. The Method Buzan studied great thinkers and combined their approaches with his own research in psychology, creative thinking and memorization. His summary, “The Mind Map Book,” appeared in 1995. Branching Out The modern definition of mind mapping encompasses spider maps and bubble maps as well. These are variations on the Buzan method, but maintain the radiant structure and hierarchy of mind maps. Going Online In 2007, the first web-based mind map tool was released: MindMeister. With billions of ideas generated by over 37 million users worldwide, the tool has revolutionized ideation for business and education. Enter the Panda MindMeister underwent an extensive update in 2021 to adapt the tool to the evolving user needs. Feedback from thousands of mind mappers helped create an all-new MindMeister – Project Panda. Map Out a Brighter Tomorrow Beautiful Brainstorming for Teams. Create your first map MindMeister Mind Mapping Features Pricing Education Integrations Apps About us Company Jobs Partners Affiliate Program Developers Press Contact Support Community Help Center Tutorial Videos Training Security FAQs Useful Links Public Maps Blog Videos MeisterTask MindMaps.com © 2024 MeisterLabs Digital Services Act Compliance Terms of Service Imprint Privacy English English Deutsch Français Español Português Italiano Nederlands Dansk Русский 日本語 简体中文 한국어 MindMeister is considered the best online mind mapping software currently on the market. With its award-winning online version and its free mobile apps for iPhone, iPad and Android, users are able to mind map at school, at home, at the office and even on the go. With MindMeister, mind mapping is so simple and intuitive that anyone from first grader to CEO can use it to improve their productivity and turn their creative ideas into action. MindMeister offers a number of powerful features that let users collaborate and brainstorm online, plan projects, develop business strategies, create dynamic presentations and utilize the countless benefits of mind maps for their education. To this end, MindMeister provides great student and teacher discounts, and even offers free accounts with up to three mind maps in total that provide all the features you need for a simple yet powerful mind mapping experience.