SFist - San Francisco News, Restaurants, Events, & Sports News Politics Business & Tech Sports Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Contact Subscribe News Politics Business & Tech Sports Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Contact SF Politics Newsom Team Does Quick Cleanup After Story, Says Panera Bread Not Exempt From Minimum Wage Law After a Bloomberg story suggested Governor Gavin Newsom was guilty of cronyism in carving out an exception for a friend to California's minimum-wage law, his team has come out swinging and he's issued a vehement denial. March 05, 2024 SF News East Bay Man Charged With Murdering Wife and Mother-in-Law, Six Months After Reporting Them Missing The bodies have not yet been found, but a San Pablo man has been arrested and charged with the murder of his wife and her mother last summer, and then reporting them missing. March 05, 2024 SF News Alleged SF Sunglass Shop Thief Nabbed in Hawaii Faces Charges; Vacaville Sunglass Hut Burglar Convicted Some serious shade is coming down on two alleged sunglass shop thieves who've made headlines; as the SF woman was arrested getting off a plane in Hawaii has been extradited back, while a Solano County jury convicted a woman who pulled a $40,000 Sunglass Hut heist. March 05, 2024 SF News Tuesday Morning Topline: Time to Vote, If You Haven't Already Aaron Peskin and London Breed are already trading barbs as if they're running against each other; Newsom was in town campaigning for 'Yes on 1'; and have you cast your ballot yet today? March 05, 2024 Business & Tech Meta Hit With Possible Super Tuesday Cyber Attack? Instagram, Threads, Facebook All Go Down People who roll over in bed and start their Instagram scrolling may have found their feeds not loading today, after a major widespread outage appeared to have begun around 7 a.m. Pacific Time. March 05, 2024 SF News Day Around the Bay: Accused San Mateo Killer Says Confession Was AI-Generated A federal judge is questioning a plea deal in the vehicular homicide case involving cyclist Ethan Boyes; the suspect in a San Mateo stabbing streamed on Facebook made a bizarre declaration in court; and a spike in fatal ODs hits Marin County. March 04, 2024 SF Politics The ‘Recall Pamela Price’ Crowd Has Submitted Their Signatures for Recall Attempt Against Alameda County DA The political group trying to recall Alameda County District Attorney Pamela Price submitted what they say are 123,000 signatures to get their measure on the ballot, though 73,000 of them have to be proven to be valid. March 04, 2024 Business & Tech Fired Twitter Executives Suing Elon Musk for $128 Million in Unpaid Severance Four high-level Twitter executives whom Elon Musk immediately fired after taking over Twitter are suing for what they say is $128 million in unpaid severance, a lawsuit that claims Musk said he would “hunt” those executives “until the day they die.” March 04, 2024 SF News Hayward Man Charged With Hate Crime for Burning Israeli Flag at Israel-Hamas Protest 36-year-old Christopher Khamis Victor Husary is in jail for allegedly stealing two counterprotesters’ Israeli flags and setting one of them on fire at a January El Cerrito protest, and now faces arson, grand theft, robbery, and hate crime charges. March 04, 2024 SF News Snowfall Totals Are In For Tahoe Area; Sugar Bowl Got 10 Feet The snowfall totals are in for this past weekend's blizzard up in Tahoe. And while it sounds like major records were not broken, it was still a whole ton of snow that no one knows what to do with — except the ski resorts. March 04, 2024 SF News Are the Waymo and Tesla Arsonists the Same Person? The SFPD has reportedly made an arrest in connection with the arson of an autonomous Waymo taxi in Chinatown last month, and they say the suspect is linked to other vehicle arson cases. March 04, 2024 Business & Tech Apple Slapped With $2 Billion Fine In EU Over Alleged Anti-Competitive Apple Music Practices Regulators in the European Union have hit Apple with a $2 billion fine (actually 1.8 billion euros) over allegations that Apple Music has been muscling out other streaming music platforms like Spotify in the App Store. March 04, 2024 SF Politics Adam Schiff and Katie Porter Make Their Final Campaign Stumps Here in SF Before Tuesday’s Vote Rep. Katie Porter was at Manny’s barnstorming for votes Sunday, while Rep. Adam Schiff was across town at Dogpatch’s the Pearl, as their primary race for Dianne Feinstein’s former Senate seat looms Tuesday. March 04, 2024 SF Restaurants, Food & Drink Boichik Bagels Is Opening Three New Locations In San Francisco At long last, the acclaimed and quickly expanding Berkeley bagel operation known as Boichik Bagels has announced its first San Francisco locations, which are all set to open this spring. March 04, 2024 SF News Monday Morning Headlines: I-80 Reopens Near Tahoe After Four Days Closed Travel around the Tahoe area remains difficult as I-80 remains closed; a shooting at a house party in Monterey County killed four people; and the Supreme Court has ruled in Trump's favor in the Colorado ballot case. March 04, 2024 SF News Some San Francisco Public Schools Face Closure as Enrollment Plummets The school district of San Francisco, grappling with declining students and a looming budget deficit, is set to close or consolidate an unspecified number of schools by fall 2025, Superintendent Matt Wayne said. March 03, 2024 SF News Sunday Links: Pro-Palestine 'Hands Off Rafah' Protest Gathers Thousands In Downtown San Francisco Pro-Palestine protesters gathered at SF’s Embarcadero Plaza Saturday, as part of an international "Hands Off Rafah" call to action; the blizzard hitting Tahoe this weekend forced the closure of I-80 and the resorts; and scattered showers will continue in the Bay Sunday. March 03, 2024 SF News Goldenvoice Is Throwing a ‘Doom Loop’ Concert in SF The festival producer behind Coachella and Portola is leaning into the "doom loop" narrative and throwing a small one-day show at the Regency Ballroom in March named after it. March 02, 2024 SF News Saturday Links: Four People Injured After Big Tree Falls on Car in SF's Fillmore Neighborhood Amid Storm Friday Night Friday's storm knocked a tree over onto a car near Golden Gate and Laguna Streets; the SF Zoo and Mayor London Breed really want to bring a giant panda to the zoo; and SF Giants signed third baseman Matt Chapman for another three years. March 02, 2024 SF News Day Around the Bay: San Francisco's Homeless Population Is Decreasing, New Survey Shows A new count of tents and vehicles to measure San Francisco’s homeless population was conducted last week; Bay Areans are gearing up to ski in Tahoe after this weekend's blizzard; and Steph and Ayesha Curry are expecting a fourth child. March 01, 2024 SF News State Agency Giving Fishermen ‘Ropeless’ Dungeness Crab Traps, So the Season Won’t Keep Getting Delayed The California Ocean Protection Council has authorized a couple million dollars to give fishermen whale-safe, ropeless Dungeness crab traps, in hopes of stopping the constant delays to crab season. March 01, 2024 SF News Waymo Gets State Approval for Los Angeles and SF Peninsula Expansion — and Freeway Driving The era of calling a robocar to the airport may be getting closer, after the California Public Utilities Commission just granted its permission for Waymo to expand into San Mateo County and down the Peninsula. March 01, 2024 SF News SFUSD Finally Replacing Their Disastrous, $40 Million Payroll System That Failed to Actually Pay People A two-year-long SF Unified School District payroll fiasco is still not resolved, so the district has decided to cut ties with the calamity of a payroll system called EMPower, and start over with a whole new vendor. March 01, 2024 SF News Construction Is Actually Happening Inside the Forever-Delayed Trader Joe's In Hayes Valley It's been a while since we had any update on the long-awaited, approved but still not open Trader Joe's at Fulton and Laguna streets. But there is movement happening inside the store space! March 01, 2024 Business & Tech SF’s Former Westfield Mall Being Rebranded as ‘The Emporium Centre San Francisco’ In an apparent attempt to halt the nonstop parade of terrible headlines about the former Westfield San Francisco Centre mall, the mall’s new management is renaming it “the Emporium Centre San Francisco” while promising more security and new attractions. March 01, 2024 SFist © 2024 • SFist Jobs • Best of San FranciscoPrivacy Policy Latest Posts Facebook Twitter Subscribe to SFist - San Francisco News, Restaurants, Events, & Sports Stay up to date! Get all the latest & greatest posts delivered straight to your inbox Subscribe