Mashable Tech Science Life Social Good Entertainment Deals Shopping Travel Search Cancel Tech Apps & Software Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Cryptocurrency Mobile Smart Home Social Media Tech Industry Transportation All Tech Science Space Climate Change Environment Video All Science Life Digital Culture Family & Parenting Health & Wellness Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep Careers Mental Health All Life Social Good Activism Gender LGBTQ Racial Justice Sustainability Politics All Social Good Entertainment Games Movies Podcasts TV Shows Video Reviews Watch Guides All Entertainment SHOP THE BEST Home Tech Kitchen Fitness Sex Toys Apps & Software Dating Gift Guides Mashable Choice Mashable Selects Gaming All Best Products Travel Deals Best of All Travel Product Reviews Tech Life Beauty Tech Kitchen Kids/Toys Gaming Fitness Sex Toys Apps & Software All Product Reviews DEALS Home Tech TV Laptop VPN Vacuum Gaming Streaming Apple Mashable Shop All Deals Newsletters VIDEOS Mashable Shows All Videos some worked, others not so much I spent a week using AI tools in my daily life. Here's how it went. here we go 👀 New iPads and MacBook Airs are coming this week, report claims how lush Scientists zoom in on distant solar system. It's teeming with water. "It's so difficult!" 'Dune: Part Two' stars Timothée Chalamet and Zendaya discuss learning the Fremen language Trending 'Free isn't enough': Apple calls out Spotify for 'paying nothing' U.S. spacecraft on the moon finally sends home the money shot NYT's The Mini crossword answers for March 4 So, uh, what was going on with that nightmarish Willy Wonka experience in Glasgow? Tech Budget Laptops The best cheap laptops for 2024, tested and reviewed Tech You can finally edit your Instagram DMs Tech M3 MacBook Air: 3 new features you won't find on the M2 MacBook Air Tech M3 MacBook Air vs. M2 MacBook Air: What’s the difference? More Tech Entertainment Games NYT Connections today: See hints and answers for March 4 Entertainment Timothée Chalamet and Zendaya's Cinépolis ad for 'Dune: Part 2' is strangely horny Games NYT's The Mini crossword answers for March 3 Movies The people love 'Dune: Part Two' More Entertainment Watch Now John Oliver goes after Boeing with a brutal parody ad Sydney Sweeney jokes about Glen Powell dating rumors in her 'SNL' monologue ‘Música’ trailer encapsulates the main character's torment MediaTek’s real-time AI engine generates images as you type More Videos Life Games Wordle today: Here's the answer and hints for March 4 Life Attention Lego fans: save up to 45% on sets at Amazon for both kids and adults Digital Culture How to see who viewed your LinkedIn profile Digital Culture How to stay anonymous on LinkedIn More Life Reviews Laptops I tested this $800 HP Chromebook for a month: 3 things I love and hate about it Earbuds Are JBL's $50 Vibe Beam Earbuds too good to be true? Laptops HP Spectre x360 14 (2024) review: Finally, a Windows laptop with great battery life Games 'Final Fantasy VII Rebirth' is everything you could want it to be More Reviews Best Products Laptops The best MacBooks: Which Apple laptop would we buy in 2024? House & Home These 3 robot vacuums make the most sense for small spaces Budget Laptops The best laptops under $500 that are actually worth buying House & Home A ton of robot vacuums claim to mop, but these 5 hybrids actually do the job More of the Best Social Good Tech 5 vital questions to ask yourself before using AI at work Life How to file taxes for free online Tech Industry New reports link Meta and 'momfluencers' in perpetuating child exploitation online Tech FDA warns users not to rely on smartwatches claiming to monitor blood sugar More Social Good Science Space The coming solar eclipse is rare. How often does it happen? Space Jaw-dropping Webb photo reveals how the universe turned its lights on Space Footage shows capsule diving through Earth's atmosphere at blazing speed Space What's the 'best' place to see the solar eclipse? Experts explain. More Science Deals Tech One of our favorite fitness trackers in on sale for $50 off Laptops The 15-inch M2 MacBook Air just got discontinued, but you can still grab it on sale before it's gone House & Home Shop iRobot Roomba vacuums and Braava mops for up to 37% off in today's best deals Entertainment How to watch all of the 2024 Best Picture nominees before the Oscars More Deals Watch Guides More Watch Guides Movies Best documentaries streaming now on Prime Video Movies The best sci-fi movies on Netflix to escape reality Movies 25 best movies on Netflix to stream right now Movies The 20 best action movies on Netflix right now More Watch Guides More on Mashable Elon Musk's X has already backed off its new anti-trans hate policy Musk spent the weekend assuring right-wing users that the policy won't affect them. Now, it's been officially changed. 13 hours ago By Matt Binder The M2 MacBook Air just got a permanent price drop following the announcement of the M3 Air A couple of older models have officially been discontinued, too. 14 hours ago By Bethany Allard Anthropic introduces Claude 3: Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus Say hello to Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus. 14 hours ago By Christianna Silva Level up your small business with today's limited-time Square Terminal deal Now you can accept credit cards with ease. 15 hours ago By Natalli Amato The Apple iPad Air just dropped to under $450 at Amazon Powerful, yet thin and lightweight. 16 hours ago By Lauren Allain Apple launches new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Air with M3 chip Apple's most affordable laptop has gotten an upgrade. 17 hours ago By Stan Schroeder Regulators approve more self-driving Waymo taxis in LA and San Francisco Get ready to see way more Waymo. 03/02/2024 By Elizabeth de Luna NYT's The Mini crossword answers for March 2 Stuck on any of the clues? We have the answers you need. 03/02/2024 By Mashable Team Explore 'X-Files' creator Chris Carter's mind with this curious art exhibit From 'The X-Files' to Hello Kitty and even Donald Trump. 03/02/2024 By Elijah Gil With the arrival of K-pop stars, fans turn their attention to Fashion Week metrics For K-pop fans, it's all about the numbers. 03/02/2024 By Elizabeth de Luna Show more The biggest stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Loading... Subscribe This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Thanks for signing up. See you at your inbox! TECH SCIENCE LIFE SOCIAL GOOD ENTERTAINMENT BEST PRODUCTS DEALS About Mashable Contact Us We're Hiring Newsletters Sitemap Mashable supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownership. Group Black's collective includes Essence, TheShadeRoom and Afro-Punk. ©2005–2024 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission. About Ziff Davis Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Do Not Sell My Personal Information AdChoices