Nationwide Children's Hospital Skip to Content Nationwide Children’s Hospital Request an Appointment MyChart For Medical Professionals Quality Research Giving Careers Search Nationwide Children’s Call Nationwide Children’s Search Search Request an Appointment MyChart Search Search Find A Doctor Find a Doctor Find A Doctor Search The Importance of Having a Relationship With Your Child's Pediatrician Questions to Ask When Choosing a Pediatrician Online Second Opinions View all our medical professionals If you would like to schedule an appointment with one of our nationally ranked specialists or Primary Care physicians please click or call (800) 881-7385. Request an Appointment Conditions We Treat Search Conditions Conditions We Treat Search Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder - ADHD Atrial Septal Defect Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia (BPD) Epilepsy Hirschsprung Disease View All Conditions NICU Parent Booklet Access resources for you to use during your baby's hospital stay and at home. NICU Resources Specialties Search Specialties Specialties Search Search Ear, Nose & Throat (Otolaryngology) Services The Fetal Center Gastroenterology, Hepatology & Nutrition Hematology, Oncology & Blood and Marrow Transplant Neurology Pediatric Surgery Sports Medicine View All Specialties The Heart Center Expertise. Compassion. Advanced technologies. Learn how we can help Locations Main Campus Emergency Care Locations Urgent Care Locations Close To Home Centers Primary Care Locations Laboratory Services Behavioral Health Care Radiology Locations Clinics, Centers and Other Nationwide Children's Hospital - Toledo See All Locations Urgent Care Wait Times Downtown 01:14-01:24 Canal Winchester The location is currently closed. It will open today at 3:00PM.* East Columbus The location is currently closed. It will open today at 3:00PM.* More Locations and Wait Times Your Visit Same-Day Procedures Overnight and Extended Stays Visiting the Emergency Room Medical Records Financial Matters Global Patient Services Preparing for a Primary Care or Clinic Visit Send a Greeting Card Send a custom card to a child you know or brighten any child's stay with a smile by sending a card. Create a Card Family Resources & Education Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information 700 Children's Blog Health, Wellness and Safety Resources Patient and Family Centered Care Support Groups Patient Stories Classes for Parents and Kids Helping Hands Resources for Parents and Kids Coronavirus (COVID-19): Information for Patient Families Learn more about the symptoms of Coronavirus (COVID-19), how you can protect your family, and how Nationwide Children's Hospital is preparing. View Latest Updates For Medical Professionals Quality Research Giving Careers Search Search Search Search Search Locations Emergency Urgent Care What to Do for Colds and Flu And lots of other info, too. Winter means respiratory ailments and we’ve compiled resources about cold, flu, RSV and other seasonal conditions that make kids sick this time of year. See the Symptoms Up Next: Expanding Care in Toledo Expanding Care in Toledo Nationwide Children’s Hospital - Toledo is dedicated to providing the highest quality pediatric care to children and families in northwest Ohio. Learn More About Our Toledo Services Up Next: Giving at Nationwide Children's Give a Gift A gift of toys, games or activity supplies can make a big difference to children and families spending time in the hospital. Learn Ways to Give Up Next: Fearless and Capable When your child needs a hospital, everything matters. Request an Appointment Learn More Blog Medicaid Updates Families, don’t forget to check your Medicaid insurance plan. You may need to take steps to reenroll. If you don’t, you may risk having your care disrupted. Learn More About Reenrollment Careers A Great Place to Work Nationwide Children’s is ranked the number one hospital in Ohio, in the top five for children’s hospitals nationally, sixth in the healthcare and social industry category and 42nd among the top 500 large employers’ category. Learn More Join Our Team Blog What Is Proton Therapy? Proton therapy is an advanced type of radiation treatment that uses protons instead of X-rays to kill cancer cells. It's now being offered here in Central Ohio. Learn how it works and what conditions it can treat. Learn More Blog Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy: Advancements Research in the Pipeline Researchers in the Center for Gene Therapy at Nationwide Children’s are leading the way in developing new treatments for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy by participating in studies happening around the world. Read More Important Stats A Leader in Safety Committed to achieving zero preventable harm Magnet Recognition For nursing excellence 1.6 Million Patient Visits From around the world Community Support 11,000+ fundraising volunteers Every Story Matters “I started the Green Team Employee Resource Group to establish a place where every employee of Nationwide Children’s Hospital can collaborate to share thoughts, learn, and take actions so we can minimize our impact on the environment as individuals and as an institution. We share educational content on sustainability concepts, hold webinars and events, and communicate with internal departments to learn about their sustainability successes.” Jennifer Lee, Resident, Pediatric Dentistry Learn More “I feel so blessed to be a part of this institution that I call home now. I’m originally from Maracaibo, Venezuela. I moved to the USA in 2019 and in 2022 joined the Ohio Perinatal Research Network. Nationwide Children’s Hospital has marked a before and after within my professional and personal life by motivating me each day to come to work and improve what I do and who I am.” Eduardo Finol Mark, Clinical Research Coordinator II, Center for Perinatal Research Learn More “Being a Hematology/Oncology nurse for 38 years doesn’t make you hardened or unemotional. I still cry with families. We can’t always control their outcome, but if I can make their time a little bit better while they are here, then I have done my job. I wouldn’t trade my job for anything.” Maureen Cantwell, Clinical Leader, Hematology/Oncology Learn More Join the Conversation! Social Media at Nationwide Children’s Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on YouTube Nationwide Children’s Hospital 700 Childrens Drive Columbus, OH 43205 (614) 722-2000 Contact us by Email Financial Matters Learn more about financial assistance. Hospital Price Transparency Pay My Bill Online International Patients Our Global Patient Services team is here to help international and out-of-area families every step of the way. Global Patient Services For Employees Access ANCHOR, the intranet for Nationwide Children’s employees. Access ANCHOR About Nationwide Children's Hospital Toggle Menu Our Story Future of Pediatric Care Partnerships and Collaborations Patient and Family Centered Care Population Health and Wellness Community and Advocacy Health Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Corporate Integrity Program Annual Report The Center for Clinical Excellence Toggle Menu Safety Equity Career Opportunities Toggle Menu What's Your Passion? Caring For You: Benefits and Perks Careers Events Calendar International Employee Resources YOU Matter Program ANCHOR COVID-19 Resources News at Nationwide Children's Toggle Menu News Releases Media Inquiries Stay Connected Hospital Publications Our Experts Privacy Policy Site Map AccessibilityNondiscrimination Notice © 2024 Nationwide Children’s Hospital