Center for American Progress Center for American Progress Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Donate State of the Union Supreme Court Abortion Rights Biden Administration Artificial Intelligence Issues [1] Priorities Building an Economy for All Restoring Social Trust in Democracy Advancing Racial Equity and Justice Tackling Climate Change and Environmental Injustice Strengthening Health Topics Abortion Rights Biden Administration COVID-19 Climate Change Democracy Domestic Policy Economic Development and Governance Family Economic Security Federal Legislation Immigration See all topics States Arizona California Colorado Florida Idaho Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas Washington Wisconsin See all states See all topics Experts [2] Events [3] Press [4] Take Action [5] About Us [6] Staff and Fellows Departments and Teams Jobs Internships Diversity and Inclusion Support Our Work Board of Directors Contact Us Donate Search Search The First Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Marks a Pivotal Moment in Birth Control Access ArticleMar 4, 2024 The First Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Marks a Pivotal Moment in Birth Control Access The first over-the-counter birth control pill will soon be available on shelves at retailers nationwide; we must ensure it is affordable and accessible to everyone. Mar 4, 2024 Kierra B. Jones What Will Be in the Final SEC Climate Disclosure Rule? ArticleFeb 29, 2024 What Will Be in the Final SEC Climate Disclosure Rule? Feb 29, 2024 Alexandra Thornton 5 Reasons Why Careening From Near Shutdown to Near Shutdown Is Bad for America ArticleFeb 28, 2024 5 Reasons Why Careening From Near Shutdown to Near Shutdown Is Bad for America Feb 28, 2024 Lily Roberts, Greta Bedekovics Most Recent Texas v. Garland: Another Attack On Women And Democracy From A Radical Judiciary Texas v. Garland: Another Attack On Women And Democracy From A Radical Judiciary Mar 4, 2024 Talking Points Memo Molly Weston Williamson What To Read Before the 2024 State of the Union What To Read Before the 2024 State of the Union Mar 4, 2024 Caroline Alt, Ming Gault, Sabrina Savoie The First Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Marks a Pivotal Moment in Birth Control Access The First Over-the-Counter Birth Control Pill Marks a Pivotal Moment in Birth Control Access Mar 4, 2024 Kierra B. Jones 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union Mar 4, 2024 Rose Khattar, David Ballard, Jessica Vela What Will Be in the Final SEC Climate Disclosure Rule? What Will Be in the Final SEC Climate Disclosure Rule? Feb 29, 2024 Alexandra Thornton State of the Union What To Read Before the 2024 State of the Union ArticleMar 4, 2024 What To Read Before the 2024 State of the Union Democracy, the economy, and our freedoms: These are the topics expected to be spotlighted by President Joe Biden during his third State of the Union address. Mar 4, 2024 Caroline Alt, Ming Gault, Sabrina Savoie 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union ArticleMar 4, 2024 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union Mar 4, 2024 Rose Khattar, David Ballard, Jessica Vela 8 Ways To Protect American Democracy ReportJan 4, 2024 8 Ways To Protect American Democracy Jan 4, 2024 Rebecca Mears, Greta Bedekovics The Supreme Court’s Assault on Government Could Make the Far-Right’s Dreams Come True ReportFeb 15, 2024 The Supreme Court’s Assault on Government Could Make the Far-Right’s Dreams Come True Feb 15, 2024 Devon Ombres The Supreme Court Will Review the Fate of Medication Abortion Care ArticleDec 13, 2023 The Supreme Court Will Review the Fate of Medication Abortion Care Dec 13, 2023 Sabrina Talukder Center for American Progress Join us in recognizing our collective accomplishments as we take on the most urgent challenges of today—from growing the middle class and tackling climate change, to addressing artificial intelligence and protecting democracy. Donate Learn more about our 20th anniversary John D. Podesta Progressive Champion Award The John D. Podesta Progressive Champion Award honors up-and-coming leaders who share a passion for public service, a record of leadership, and a vision that leads to lasting progress. Meet the first winner Spotlight Standing With Ukraine: The Urgent Call for Continued U.S. Support VideoFeb 24, 2024 Standing With Ukraine: The Urgent Call for Continued U.S. Support Two years into the Ukraine war, the United States faces a critical juncture: Will Congress rise to the occasion and bolster security assistance to support Ukraine’s fight for sovereignty and democracy? Feb 24, 2024 Robert Benson, Sam Hananel, Allison McManus, 3 More Hai-Lam Phan, Toni Pandolfo, Kayla-Ajanae Archer-Buckley Congress Must Provide Funding and Protect Oversight To Meet Global Security and Humanitarian Needs ArticleFeb 5, 2024 Congress Must Provide Funding and Protect Oversight To Meet Global Security and Humanitarian Needs Feb 5, 2024 Patrick Gaspard, Allison McManus Generative AI Should Be Developed and Deployed Responsibly at Every Level for Everyone ReportFeb 1, 2024 Generative AI Should Be Developed and Deployed Responsibly at Every Level for Everyone Feb 1, 2024 Megan Shahi, Adam Conner, Nicole Alvarez, 1 More Sydney Bryant Tax Cuts Are Primarily Responsible for the Increasing Debt Ratio Tax Cuts Are Primarily Responsible for the Increasing Debt Ratio Mar 27, 2023 Bobby Kogan U.S. Must Weigh the Strategic and Moral Costs of Abandoning Support for Ukraine U.S. Must Weigh the Strategic and Moral Costs of Abandoning Support for Ukraine Feb 14, 2024 Robert Benson, Allison McManus, Johan Hassel Workers’ Paychecks Are Growing More Quickly Than Prices Workers’ Paychecks Are Growing More Quickly Than Prices Jan 3, 2024 Brendan Duke Event More Events Rewriting the Playbook: How Women Are Powering the Economy Mar 14 Rewriting the Playbook: How Women Are Powering the Economy Please Join the Center for American Progress for the launch of the "Playbook for the Advancement of Women in the Economy." 1333 H St NW, Washington, DC 9:30 AM - 12:30 PM EDT More Events InProgress Stay informed on the most pressing issues of our time. Sign Up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Gun Violence Prevention Community Violence Intervention: Juan Carter and Giffords Center for Violence Intervention VideoFeb 21, 2024 Community Violence Intervention: Juan Carter and Giffords Center for Violence Intervention Feb 21, 2024 Chandler Hall, Nick Wilson, Hai-Lam Phan, 3 More Ala Al Sadi, Toni Pandolfo, Matthew Gossage Debunking the ‘Guns Make Us Safer’ Myth ReportFeb 12, 2024 Debunking the ‘Guns Make Us Safer’ Myth Feb 12, 2024 Allison Jordan, Chandler Hall, Devin Hughes Debunking Myths the Gun Lobby Perpetuates Following Mass Shootings Fact SheetSep 8, 2022 Debunking Myths the Gun Lobby Perpetuates Following Mass Shootings Sep 8, 2022 Allison Jordan Community Violence Intervention: Raymond Solorzano and Southern California Crossroads VideoFeb 6, 2024 Community Violence Intervention: Raymond Solorzano and Southern California Crossroads Feb 6, 2024 Chandler Hall, Nick Wilson, Hai-Lam Phan, 4 More Ala Al Sadi, Toni Pandolfo, Madalyn Reagan, Matthew Gossage Explore ‘Only in America’ series Tell Congress: Gun Violence Has No Place in Our Community The Break the Cycle of Violence Act (H.R 5003/S. 2638) invests in programs that are proven to reduce gun violence and stop crime before it happens. Take Action Economy Construction of Tennessee EV Battery Facility Highlights Promises and Challenges of Biden Administration Policies ReportFeb 26, 2024 Construction of Tennessee EV Battery Facility Highlights Promises and Challenges of Biden Administration Policies Tennessee’s BlueOval City electric vehicle battery facility shows how public investments can lead to good union jobs, but anecdotal evidence suggests that workers are not connecting these jobs to important economic policies. Feb 26, 2024 David Madland, Kyle Ross Disabled Workers Saw Record Employment Gains in 2023, But Gaps Remain ArticleFeb 22, 2024 Disabled Workers Saw Record Employment Gains in 2023, But Gaps Remain Feb 22, 2024 Kennedy Andara, Anona Neal, Rose Khattar Increasing Affordable Housing Stock Through Modular Building ReportFeb 6, 2024 Increasing Affordable Housing Stock Through Modular Building Feb 6, 2024 Michela Zonta President Biden Should Veto Anti-Worker Lawmakers’ Attack on Union Rights ArticleFeb 8, 2024 President Biden Should Veto Anti-Worker Lawmakers’ Attack on Union Rights Feb 8, 2024 Karla Walter Reforming the Governance of Metropolitan Planning Organizations ReportFeb 15, 2024 Reforming the Governance of Metropolitan Planning Organizations Feb 15, 2024 Kevin DeGood More on the Economy Supreme Court In Idaho v. United States, the Supreme Court Must Reckon With the Post-Dobbs Reality It Created ArticleFeb 26, 2024 In Idaho v. United States, the Supreme Court Must Reckon With the Post-Dobbs Reality It Created Feb 26, 2024 Sabrina Talukder The NetChoice Cases: Will the Supreme Court Turn First Amendment Law on Its Head? ArticleFeb 20, 2024 The NetChoice Cases: Will the Supreme Court Turn First Amendment Law on Its Head? Feb 20, 2024 Devon Ombres, Nicole Alvarez The Supreme Court’s Assault on Government Could Make the Far-Right’s Dreams Come True ReportFeb 15, 2024 The Supreme Court’s Assault on Government Could Make the Far-Right’s Dreams Come True Feb 15, 2024 Devon Ombres Ohio v. EPA Threatens the EPA’s Ability To Regulate Air Pollution Nationwide ArticleFeb 13, 2024 Ohio v. EPA Threatens the EPA’s Ability To Regulate Air Pollution Nationwide Feb 13, 2024 Jeevna Sheth, Chris Martinez, Devon Ombres More on the supreme court What You Can Do More Actions Demand a Binding and Enforceable Ethics Code for the Supreme Court Justices Demand a Binding and Enforceable Ethics Code for the Supreme Court Justices Take Action Tell Congress to Pass the Equality Act Now Tell Congress to Pass the Equality Act Now Take Action Sign Our Letter: Ensure Meaningful Abortion Access for All Sign Our Letter: Ensure Meaningful Abortion Access for All Take Action Tell the Supreme Court To Protect Women, Not Guns Tell the Supreme Court To Protect Women, Not Guns Take Action More Actions Climate Change 5 Ways the Ocean Justice Strategy Will Improve Conservation ArticleFeb 5, 2024 5 Ways the Ocean Justice Strategy Will Improve Conservation The Biden administration’s Ocean Justice Strategy will serve ocean conservation, and broader conservation efforts, by elevating the importance of ocean justice within the federal government. Feb 5, 2024 Mariel Lutz, Kat So, Angelo Villagomez Securing Clean Air, Clean Water, and a Healthy Environment for All VideoFeb 2, 2024 Securing Clean Air, Clean Water, and a Healthy Environment for All Feb 2, 2024 Devon Lespier, Margaret Cooney, Hannah Malus, 6 More Cathleen Kelly, Hai-Lam Phan, Matthew Gossage, Jeremy Hill, Andrew Sonntag, Toni Pandolfo Climate-Resilient Health Care Promotes Public Health, Equity, and Climate Justice ReportFeb 1, 2024 Climate-Resilient Health Care Promotes Public Health, Equity, and Climate Justice Feb 1, 2024 Marquisha Johns, Jill Rosenthal The Biden Administration Can Deliver on Ocean Conservation Promises Made by the Bush and Obama Administrations ArticleJan 16, 2024 The Biden Administration Can Deliver on Ocean Conservation Promises Made by the Bush and Obama Administrations Jan 16, 2024 Angelo Villagomez, Beth Pike, Laurie Peterka, 1 More Jen Felt The Biden Administration Has Reached Conservation Records in 2023 ArticleDec 20, 2023 The Biden Administration Has Reached Conservation Records in 2023 Dec 20, 2023 Sam Zeno More on Climate Change Featured Experts More Experts Beth Almeida Senior Fellow Opinion: The U.S. economy needs older workers. Congress can help. Akua Amaning Director, Criminal Justice Reform Executive Summary: A Whole-of-Government, Society-Wide Approach to Tackling the Opioid Crisis Shannon Baker-Branstetter Senior Director, Domestic Climate and Energy Policy 5 Ways the EPA Can Strengthen Carbon Standards for Power Plants David Ballard Associate Director, Economic Policy 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union Jared C. Bass Senior Vice President, Education Funding for Federal Student Aid: A Defining Moment for Higher Education Programs Greta Bedekovics Associate Director 5 Reasons Why Careening From Near Shutdown to Near Shutdown Is Bad for America Robert Benson Senior Policy Analyst Standing With Ukraine: The Urgent Call for Continued U.S. Support Marcella Bombardieri Senior Fellow House Republican Budget Threatens Public Education and Opportunity for Young People Anne Christianson Director, International Climate Policy The Nexus Between Green Backlash and Democratic Backsliding in Europe Alan Cohen Senior Fellow The House Republican Study Committee Budget Proposes Harsh Changes to Social Security Frances Colón Senior Director, International Climate Policy CAP Leads Letter to Administration Urging Clean Energy Incentive Eligibility for U.S. Territories Adam Conner Vice President, Technology Policy CAP Comment Recommends Key Risk Mitigation Strategies for NIST’s Generative AI Companion Resource Margaret Cooney Campaign Manager Securing Clean Air, Clean Water, and a Healthy Environment for All David Cutler Senior Fellow, Health Kevin DeGood Director, Infrastructure Policy Reforming the Governance of Metropolitan Planning Organizations Rudy deLeon Senior Fellow 1.3 Million Active-Duty Service Members Would Go Without Pay During a Government Shutdown J. Egler Policy Analyst The Supreme Court just legalized LGBTQI+ discrimination — it’s time for Congress to step in Rachael Eisenberg Managing Director, Rights and Justice Fact Sheet: Dispatching Community Responders to 911 Calls Zeke Emanuel Senior Fellow FORMER BIDEN HEALTH ADVISOR: We’re running out of time. American businesses should start requiring vaccinations for their workers. Sara Estep Associate Director How Ohio’s Special Election Results Will Both Protect Abortion and Affect Maternal Mortality in the State Lilith Fellowes-Granda Associate Director, Financial Regulation Regulators’ Bank Capital Proposals Don’t Go Far Enough To Improve Financial Stability Emily Gee Senior Vice President, Inclusive Growth Federal Solutions To Address Rising Costs of Employer-Sponsored Insurance Nicole Gentile Senior Director, Conservation Sustainable and Reliable: Securing Resources for the Clean Energy Future Hailey Gibbs Senior Policy Analyst CAP Comments on the EPA’s Proposed Lead and Copper Rule Improvements Daniella Gibbs Léger Executive Vice President, Communications and Strategy Houston Dreamer Jesus Contreras on Frontline Health Care Work in the Age of the Coronavirus Anne Griffin Senior Fellow Sustainable and Reliable: Securing Resources for the Clean Energy Future Mark Haggerty Senior Fellow, Energy and Environment Matchmaking for Community Benefit: The Rural Partners Network Connects Rural Leaders With Federal Resources Cody Hankerson Associate Director, Energy and Environment Campaigns Johan Hassel Senior Fellow U.S. Must Weigh the Strategic and Moral Costs of Abandoning Support for Ukraine Trevor Higgins Senior Vice President, Energy and Environment The Inflation Reduction Act: A Year in Review Mia Ives-Rublee Director, Disability Justice Initiative Long-Term Solutions to the Overincarceration of People With Mental Health Disabilities Marc Jarsulic Senior Fellow; Chief Economist Regulators’ Bank Capital Proposals Don’t Go Far Enough To Improve Financial Stability Marquisha Johns Associate Director, Public Health Climate-Resilient Health Care Promotes Public Health, Equity, and Climate Justice Cathleen Kelly Senior Fellow Securing Clean Air, Clean Water, and a Healthy Environment for All Rose Khattar Director of Economic Analysis, Inclusive Economy 5 Key Economic Indicators Ahead of the State of the Union Bobby Kogan Senior Director, Federal Budget Policy 5 Immediate Effects of a Partial Shutdown of the Federal Government on March 2 Lawrence J. Korb Senior Fellow Why Jens Stoltenberg Should Be a Candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize Anna Lovejoy Acting Senior Director, Early Childhood Policy States Are Taking Action To Address the Child Care Crisis David Madland Senior Fellow; Senior Adviser, American Worker Project Construction of Tennessee EV Battery Facility Highlights Promises and Challenges of Biden Administration Policies Rasheed Malik Senior Director, Early Childhood Policy Examining the Powerful Impact of Investments in Early Childhood for Children, Families, and Our Nation’s Economy Hannah Malus Senior Director, Strategy and Operations Securing Clean Air, Clean Water, and a Healthy Environment for All Joel Martinez Senior Policy Analyst These Fossil Fuel Industry Tactics Are Fueling Democratic Backsliding Elisa Massimino Senior Fellow It’s time to close Guantanamo Silva Mathema Director, Immigration Policy DACA Recipients Bolster Social Security and Medicare Drew McConville Senior Fellow Protecting Vulnerable Public Lands Could Address U.S. Outdoor Recreation Needs Allison McManus Managing Director, National Security and International Policy Standing With Ukraine: The Urgent Call for Continued U.S. Support Natasha Murphy Director, Health Policy An Urgent Opportunity to Close the Medicaid Gap Navin Nayak Counselor; President, Center for American Progress Action Fund Trust in Government in the Trump Era Jerry Parshall Senior Director, Safety and Justice Campaign; Director, State and Local Government Affairs State and Local Governments Must Take Much More Aggressive Action Immediately To Slow Spread of the Coronavirus Allie Preston Senior Policy Analyst, Criminal Justice Reform The Case for Cash Bail Reform Will Ragland Vice President of Research, Advocacy and Outreach Biden Administration Investment Tracker Nicole Rapfogel Policy Analyst, Health Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Will Lower Prices by Thousands of Dollars per Month Mariam Rashid Associate Director CAP Comments on the EPA’s Proposed Lead and Copper Rule Improvements Sam Ricketts Senior Fellow Implementing America’s Clean Energy Future Lily Roberts Managing Director, Inclusive Growth 5 Reasons Why Careening From Near Shutdown to Near Shutdown Is Bad for America William Roberts Senior Vice President, Rights and Justice Revelations About Justice Clarence Thomas Reinforce the Need for Justices to Be Bound by an Ethics Code Jill Rosenthal Director, Public Health CAP Comments on the EPA’s Proposed Lead and Copper Rule Improvements Jean Ross Senior Fellow, Economic Policy The Schumer-Johnson Budget Deal, Explained Jenny Rowland-Shea Director, Public Lands The Oil and Gas Industry Is Behind Offshore Wind Misinformation Kat So Campaign Manager, Energy and Environment Campaigns 5 Ways the Ocean Justice Strategy Will Improve Conservation Michael Sozan Senior Fellow 2024 Hawaii Bill Would Limit Political Spending by Foreign-Influenced U.S. Corporations Trevor Sutton Senior Fellow The Biden Administration Needs to Stick the Landing on Trade Sabrina Talukder Director, Women’s Initiative In Idaho v. United States, the Supreme Court Must Reckon With the Post-Dobbs Reality It Created Edwith Theogene Director, Racial Equity and Justice America Needs Better Data on Race and Ethnicity Angelo Villagomez Senior Fellow 5 Ways the Ocean Justice Strategy Will Improve Conservation Karla Walter Senior Fellow, Inclusive Economy President Biden Should Veto Anti-Worker Lawmakers’ Attack on Union Rights Madison Weiss Policy Analyst Transforming Accreditation by Centering Students Christian E. Weller Senior Fellow Promoting Economic Advancement for Older Women in the Workplace Michael Werz Senior Fellow Erdoğan’s Reelection Illustrates the Bleak Future of Turkish Democracy Molly Weston Williamson Senior Fellow Texas v. Garland: Another Attack On Women And Democracy From A Radical Judiciary Mike Williams Senior Fellow A Green Buyers Club Nick Wilson Senior Director Community Violence Intervention: Juan Carter and Giffords Center for Violence Intervention Alan Yu Senior Vice President, National Security and International Policy Taiwan’s Election: PRC Interference and Its Implications for the 2024 Election Landscape Michela Zonta Senior Policy Analyst, Housing Policy Increasing Affordable Housing Stock Through Modular Building Education 6 Key Findings To Inform New Federal Policies To Relieve Student Loan Debt ReportFeb 22, 2024 6 Key Findings To Inform New Federal Policies To Relieve Student Loan Debt Longitudinal survey data show that student loan borrowers of all degree levels experience various forms of financial hardship, which new student loan debt relief policies should work to alleviate. Feb 22, 2024 Sara Partridge States Are Taking Action To Address the Child Care Crisis ArticleFeb 21, 2024 States Are Taking Action To Address the Child Care Crisis Feb 21, 2024 Anna Lovejoy Scaling Up High-Dosage Tutoring Is Crucial to Students’ Academic Success ReportJan 18, 2024 Scaling Up High-Dosage Tutoring Is Crucial to Students’ Academic Success Jan 18, 2024 Paige Shoemaker DeMio The United States Must Support HBCUs and Opportunity for Black College Students ArticleMar 2, 2022 The United States Must Support HBCUs and Opportunity for Black College Students Mar 2, 2022 Jared C. Bass, Marcella Bombardieri Fact Sheet: 3 Trends in K-12 Assessments Across the Country Fact SheetJan 11, 2024 Fact Sheet: 3 Trends in K-12 Assessments Across the Country Jan 11, 2024 Allie Pearce More on Education InProgress Stay informed on the most pressing issues of our time. Sign Up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get updates on the economy. Don't miss our insights on economic policy, federal investments, and community-level impact. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Curious about our Women’s Initiative? Issues that affect women deserve women-driven solutions. Sign up to learn more. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Equity. Justice. Progress. Join our Racial Equity and Justice newsletter to learn more. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Bidenomics is working. Find out how by getting CAP's expert policy analysis on the economy right to your inbox. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Policy updates. Your inbox. InProgress is the best way to stay informed on the most pressing issues of our time. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Bidenomics is working. Find out how by getting CAP's expert policy analysis on the economy right to your inbox. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. InProgress. Join the policy conversation. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Join our Energy and Environment newsletter. Learn how a clean energy future is achievable. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Biden Administration Investment Tracker newsletter. Stay updated on the projects that are receiving federal investments in your community. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. LGBTQI+ communities are resilient. Learn about CAP’s dedication to the fight for lived equality for LGBTQI+ people. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Join the education conversation. Sign up for our newsletter to learn about education policy changes that will affect the next generation. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Policy updates. Your inbox. InProgress is the best way to stay informed on the most pressing issues of our time. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Democracy is on the line. Join our Democracy newsletter to stay informed on how we’re strengthening our most important institutions. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Biden Administration Investment Tracker newsletter. Stay updated on the projects that are receiving federal investments in your community. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. The world is changing. Stay at the forefront of tech policy discussions with our Technology newsletter. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. InProgress. Join the policy conversation. Sign up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Center for American Progress The Center for American Progress is an independent nonpartisan policy institute that is dedicated to improving the lives of all Americans through bold, progressive ideas, as well as strong leadership and concerted action. Our aim is not just to change the conversation, but to change the country. Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn InProgress Stay informed on the most pressing issues of our time. Sign Up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Learn about our sister organization, the Center for American Progress Action Fund, an advocacy organization dedicated to improving the lives of all Americans. ©2024 Center for American Progress Terms of Use Privacy Policy CAP - En Español Our Supporters