Resilience Skip to content Insight and inspiration in turbulent times. resilience Donate Subscribe Resilience is a program of the nonprofit organization Post Carbon Institute. Subscribe Menu Topics All Latest Articles Energy Economy Environment Food & Water Society Featured Topics Take Part Get Started Online Course Events Podcasts Holding the Fire What Could Possibly Go Right? Crazy Town Power About About Resilience Fundamentals Submission Guidelines Commenting Guidelines Contact Donate Subscribe Menu Latest Energy Economy Environment Food & Water Society More ▼ Topics All Latest Articles Energy Economy Environment Food & Water Society Featured Topics Take Part Get Started Online Course Events Podcasts Holding the Fire What Could Possibly Go Right? Crazy Town Power About About Resilience Fundamentals Submission Guidelines Commenting Guidelines Contact Farming on Screen Bart Hawkins Kreps, An Outside Chance History’s crisis detectives: How we’re using maths and data to reveal why societies collapse – and clues about the future Daniel Hoyer, The Conversation To Change the Behavior, Change the Environment: Lessons From the Blue Zones Emma Durand-Wood, Strong Towns After spending time and learning from elders in the Blue Zones, Buettner and his team identified nine common denominators that contribute to longer and happier lives, which fall into four key themes: related to natural movement, wise eating, connection, and outlook. Podcasts Holding the Fire What Could Possibly Go Right? Crazy Town Sign up to get Resilience delivered—daily or weekly. Subscribe to the Digest Editor’s Picks Toward a New Conception of “Vermont Strong” Erin O’Farrell, Resilience.org How Do You Love What You Keep? Debbie Kasper, Getting to know reality Latest Welcoming Relatives Home: The Return of the Lynx Rico Moore, YES! magazine Utilities Are Buying Pricier ‘Responsible Gas.’ But for What Climate Benefit? Nick Cunningham, DesmogBlog Will Ruddick on “Commitment Pooling” to Build Economic Commons David Bollier, David Bollier blog See All Recent Articles Podcasts Holding the Fire What Could Possibly Go Right? Crazy Town Energy Utilities Are Buying Pricier ‘Responsible Gas.’ But for What Climate Benefit? Nick Cunningham, DesmogBlog Q&A: What does Biden’s LNG ‘pause’ mean for global emissions? Daisy Dunne, Josh Gabbatiss, Carbon Brief Good trouble on the Bad River Bill McKibben, The Crucial Years The rich don’t understand we’re in an emergency. Or don’t care Bill McKibben, The Crucial Years Economy Will Ruddick on “Commitment Pooling” to Build Economic Commons David Bollier, David Bollier blog A response to Daniel Driscoll: Another slice of degrowth bashing Timothée Parrique, Timothée Parrique blog Envisioning a Steady-State Comprehensive Plan Dave Rollo, Center for the Advancement of a Steady State Economy Outdated Narratives Have Humanity in a Downward Spiral—It’s Time to Tell ‘Stories for Life’ April M. Short, Resilience.org Environment Welcoming Relatives Home: The Return of the Lynx Rico Moore, YES! magazine Welcoming Relatives Home: A Ceremony for Salmon Rico Moore, YES! magazine What ancient farmers can really teach us about adapting to climate change – and how political power influences success or failure Chelsea Fisher, The Conversation Food & Water Future-Proof Food Systems in Europe – A Call for Action ARC2020 Staff, ARC2020 Our ancestors speak to us through native breeds. We should listen. Gunnar Rundgren, Garden Earth Q: Can (small-scale) farming feed Britain (or Tokyo, or the world)? A: Yes … (probably) Chris Smaje, Small Farm Future Society 7 Key Interventions for the Future Nate Hagens, The Great Simplification Toward a New Conception of “Vermont Strong” Erin O’Farrell, Resilience.org Climate Politics: The View from Washington February 29, 2024 Joel Stronberg, Civil Notion Featured Topics The Great Unraveling Environmental and social challenges are now compounding to threaten the very systems that support the world we know. What does this Great Unraveling mean for both human civilization and the global ecosystem, and what we can do in response? Holding the Fire Award-winning journalist and author Dahr Jamail hosts in-depth interviews with leaders from around the world to uncover Indigenous ways of reckoning with environmental and societal breakdown. Online Course Think Resilience Start doing something about climate change and our other sustainability challenges—starting in your own community. Think Resilience features twenty-two short video lectures by Richard Heinberg, one of the world’s foremost experts on the urgency of transitioning away from fossil fuels. Register for Free Resilience is a program of Post Carbon Institute, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping the world transition away from fossil fuels and build sustainable, resilient communities. Reposting Policy | Privacy Policy About us Contact Donate Subscribe RSS