Scholars@Duke Home Page Skip to main content Scholars@Duke Menu About Schools / Institutes Browse Helen Solterer Professor of Romance Studies » Vahid Tarokh Rhodes Family Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering » Tatiana Segura Professor of Biomedical Engineering » Cameron Wolfe Professor of Medicine » Emilie Aguirre Associate Professor of Law » Eric Laber James B. Duke Distinguished Professor » Scholars@Duke is a research discovery system featuring the research, scholarship and activities of Duke faculty, graduate students, and academic staff. scholars Share your latest research, scholarly activities, and accomplishments with your peers. Update Profile information seekers Search by topic or name to learn about the research and expertise at Duke and find collaborators or advisors. Explore Scholars power users Find Scholars@Duke user guides, see upcoming Scholars@Duke events, or request a demo for your organization. Scholars Support data consumers Learn about consuming Scholars@Duke data, find support resources, and see examples. Use Scholars Data 4 scholars Share your latest research, scholarly activities, and accomplishments with your peers. Update Profile information seekers Search by topic or name to learn about the research and expertise at Duke and find collaborators or advisors. Explore Scholars power users Find Scholars@Duke user guides, see upcoming Scholars@Duke events, or request a demo for your organization. Scholars Support data consumers Learn about consuming Scholars@Duke data, find support resources, and see examples. Use Scholars Data Featured Faculty: Duke Quantum Center Christopher R Monroe Gilhuly Family Presidential Distinguished Professor Thomas Barthel Charles H. Townes Assistant Professor of Physics Kenneth R Brown Michael J. Fitzpatrick Distinguished Professor of Engineering Robert Calderbank Charles S. Sydnor Distinguished Professor of Computer Science Marko Cetina Assistant Professor of Physics Jungsang Kim Schiciano Family Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering Natalie M Klco Assistant Professor of Physics Norbert Matthias Linke Assistant Professor of Physics Huanqian Loh Visiting Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Iman Marvian Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Crystal Noel Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering Henry Pfister Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering ©2024 Duke University | Terms of Use Project About Data Consumers Manage Scholars Data Contact Us Support FAQ Report a Bug Users' Guides Get Help Stay Connected Get news directly from the Scholars Team, and stay up-to-date on the most recent Tips of the Month, announcements, features, and beta tests. Subscribe to Announcements