Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital - Pet Health and Healing 303-494-7877 685 S. Broadway, Boulder, CO 80305 HOURS EMERGENCY Scroll Up HOME WE ARE DIFFERENT SERVICES Canine Care Puppy Care Feline Care Kitten Care Senior Pet Care Pet Dental Care Integrative Options Acupuncture Laser Therapy Chinese Herbal Medicine Dietary Counseling Digital Radiology Laboratory General Surgery Spay/Neuter Surgery Pharmacy ABOUT Dr. Liv Brockmann Dr. Maggie Busha Dr. Ghia Zalewa Staff RESOURCES Veterinary FAQs Pet-U-Cation Hospital Forms Pet Portal Blog CONTACT Request Appointment Prescription Refill Emergency Personalized health and healingfor your furry family friends! REQUEST APPOINTMENT Cat Friendly Practice REQUEST APPOINTMENT Personalized health and healingfor your furry family friends! REQUEST APPOINTMENT Personalized health and healingfor your furry family friends! REQUEST APPOINTMENT REQUEST APPOINTMENT REQUEST PRESCRIPTION SHOP ONLINE STORE Veterinarians in Boulder CO Welcome to Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital Boulder’s Natural Animal Hospital is an Award Winning full service veterinary hospital located in Boulder, Colorado. We are committed to celebrating and fostering the special bond between people and their furry family members in a calm, relaxing environment. We offer the very best in modern veterinary medicine such as physical exams, spay and neuter, surgical and dental services, digital x-ray diagnostics, on-site blood and cytology laboratory services and wellness care for your pets from the moment they join your family, until the time comes to say goodbye. In addition, we are also able to personalize your pet’s care with a wide variety of Integrative medical options like acupuncture, low level laser therapy, canine massage, nutritional supplements, dietary consultation, and some Traditional Chinese Herbal medicine. Watch Our Video: Meet Our Veterinarians (Click on photo to read full bio) Stacey Adams, DVM, CVA Liv Brockmann, DVM, CVA Maggie Busha, DVM Ghia Zalewa, DVM, CVA Stacey Adams, DVM, CVA I grew up in Michigan, where I received a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1997. After several years working as a product development engineer at a large company in Cincinnati, I switched gears and decided to pursue my childhood dream of becoming a veterinarian. Stacey Adams, DVM, CVA Liv Brockmann, DVM, CVA Maggie Busha, DVM Ghia Zalewa, DVM Online Reviews The space is warming and inviting and doesn't look at all what most veterinary front rooms look like (a place with too many corners that have been marked too many times). It made me feel like they really care about the space and being clean. Kelly T. Boulder Animal works hard to give both you and your dog a relaxing, non-stressful experience. The office plays classical music. The first time Dr. Gilmartin met my puppy, she sat on the ground and gave her treats and just played with her before examining her. Sara K. Everything good that can be said about this veterinarian has already been said in other reviews, so I simply want to thank Boulders Natural Animal Hospital and Dr. Brockmann for the great experience I had today bringing my kitty in for a check-up. David K. Dr. Adams genuinely cared about my dog Cali who is incredibly nervous and uncooperative, but Dr. Adams gives you her undivided attention and I never felt rushed. Best vet around. Chelsey W. Great place, wonderful vet! My cat has a broken tail and for 10 days he barely moves. The vet was so sweet and gentle that my cat let her check out his injuries without a problem. To see my kitty be so calm and happy at the vet was really cool. Wendi F. OUR PHILOSOPHY It is our goal to provide an environment that celebrates and fosters the bond between humans and their animal family members. To achieve this goal we will provide the very best value in both traditional and integrative veterinary care and will do so with compassion, empathy, and a personalized touch. “A customer is the most important visitor on our premises; he is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work; he is the purpose of it. He is not an outsider in our business; he is part of it. We are not doing him a favor by serving him; he is doing us a favor by giving us an opportunity to do so.”– Mahatma Ghandi Quick Links Request an Appointment In Case of Emergency Directions from Louisville CO Directions from LaFayette CO Web Accessibility Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use 303-494-7877 Hospital Affiliations Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital © 2024 685 S. Broadway, Boulder, CO 80305 Veterinary Website Design by Cheshire Partners Your browser does not support JavaScript!