Appalachian State University / Boone, North Carolina Skip to main content Appalachian State University Search: Web People Advanced search Information For... Current StudentsParents & FamilyFaculty & StaffAlumni Quick Links GiveMapsEmploymentLibraryAppalNetAsULearnA-Z Main Menu Why Choose App?VisitAdmissionsAcademicsCampus LifeAbout Attend App State in Hickory Learn More Why is App State special to you? Show your pride and support on March 6 during #iBackAPP day. Wear your App gear, share your love for the university on social media and if you can, give back with a gift of any size. Together, we can make a lasting difference for the entire App State Community. Learn more Make your gift Apply Visit Us Connect Find a Program Discover Research at AppalachianOur faculty engage in research critical to understanding environmental changes and their impacts, locally and across the globe. One example — installing Mount Everest weather stations to provide data on mountain conditions and monitor the upper reaches of the atmosphere. More about research at AppalachianFind your sustainabilitySustainability and resilience are guiding principles at App State and institutionally interwoven into our strategic plan, academic mission, engagement locally and globally and day-to-day best practices. We are recognized as a national leader for our endeavors.What’s in App’s future?We’re enhancing the Appalachian Experience — with a stronger physical infrastructure and five-year goals that further empower human potential. Get the full picture through a new, special website detailing our growth and change.App State's School of Graduate StudiesJoin a diverse and dynamic community that elevates your dreams and champions your capacity for real impact with life-changing opportunities for research and exploration. News App State places among national publications’ ‘best’ and ‘top’ lists for academics, value, innovation and moreSeveral national publications, including U.S. News & World Report, The Princeton Review and Forbes magazine, have named App State among the best schools in the nation — and the Southeast — for 2023–24, recognizing the university for its academics, innovation, value and more.App State Walker College of Business, MBA named ‘bests’ for 2022–23, 2023–24The Princeton Review, U.S. News & World Report, CEO Magazine and Fortune magazine have named App State’s Walker College of Business and its Master of Business Administration program among the best in the nation, Southeast and world for 2022–23 and 2023–24.App State Online bachelor’s, master’s programs named among 2023’s ‘Best Online Programs’App State’s online bachelor’s programs and online graduate programs in business, education and nursing — offered through App State Online — rank among the best in the nation for 2023, according to U.S. News & World Report’s “2023 Best Online Programs” rankings.App State honored as a Top Producer of Fulbright scholars, students for 2022–23App State has been named a Top Producer of Fulbright students and scholars for 2022–23, with two faculty and four alumni receiving a Fulbright to teach, perform research and/or study abroad. This marks the third time the university has received this honor in the past four academic years. News More news and features >>> Podcasts >>> Mountaineer Athletics >>> Events Mar5Sing & Swing: A Jazz at Lincoln Center Presents ProductionMarch 5, 20247:30 pmFor over three decades, Jazz at Lincoln Center, under the direction of Wynton Marsalis, has been a leading advocate for jazz, culture and arts education globally. The Jazz at Lincoln Center PRESENTS touring initiative provides an affordable opportunity to present great jazz programming, featuring up-and-coming musicians who have been identified as rising stars by Jazz at Lincoln Center. This new and highly anticipated touring project from Jazz at Lincoln Center PRESENTS celebrates the Great American Songbook in all of its playful — and sophisticated — glory, brought to life by two of this generation’s brightest stars, Bria Skonberg and Benny Benack III.Mar6iBackAPP 2024March 6, 2024Join us on Wednesday, March 6 for iBackAPP 2024! On this special day of giving — and of celebrating everything App State — we invite all Mountaineers to show your support by making a gift of any amount, wearing your Black and Gold, and sharing your App State pride on social media using #iBackAPP.Mar20TCVA ARTtalk: Kathleen Thum, Considering CarbonMarch 20, 20246:00 pm - 7:00 pmJoin us for an ARTtalk with exhibiting artist, Kathleen Thum, as we dig further into her work, Considering Carbon, on view at the Turchin Center. Kathleen Thum’s drawings, paintings, and wall installations, which explore the ongoing shifting of power between mankind and earth, have been widely exhibited.Mar21Graphic Novelist Kayla E.March 21, 20246:00 pm - 7:30 pmKayla E. is a Texas-born artist and designer of Mexican-American descent. Her comics practice centers around her childhood and functions as a map-making exercise. Leaning heavily on the fixed compositional structure and aesthetic codes of post-war American comics, she imposes order onto recollections once disorganized by intrafamilial abuse, addiction, and sexual violence.Mar21to23Banff Mountain Film Festival World TourMarch 21 - 23, 2024The Banff Mountain Film Festival World Tour returns to Appalachian State University. Each night will feature a completely different set of films. Continuing our tradition, live music will be performed on both Friday and Saturday nights prior to the films.Mar22to24Spring Family WeekendMarch 22 - 24, 2024Spring Family Weekend is a great opportunity to engage with other Mountaineer Families and appreciate the High Country Spring. Join us for a Mountaineer baseball game and other fun and engaging events.Mar22Tammy DeBoer: Cultivating a Thriving Company Culture: Unlocking the Power of PeopleMarch 22, 202410:00 amTammy DeBoer ’91, President of Harris Teeter, has more than 30 years of diverse retail experience including operations, merchandising, marketing, brand strategy, mergers and acquisitions. She leads the strategic growth and development of Harris Teeter, a division of Kroger. Tammy has been recognized several times as “One of the Most Influential Women in Mass Market Retail” by MMR and by Supermarket News as a top “Executives to Watch.”Apr12Indigo GirlsApril 12, 20247:30 pmReleased in 1989, Indigo Girls’ eponymous major label debut sold over two million copies under the power of singles “Closer to Fine” and “Kid Fears” and turned Indigo Girls into one of the most successful folk duos in history. Over a 35-year career that began in clubs around their native Atlanta, Georgia, the multi-Grammy-winning duo of Emily Saliers and Amy Ray has recorded 16 studio albums, sold over 15 million records, and built a dedicated, enduring following across the globe. Rolling Stone describes them as the “ideal duet partners.” Committed and uncompromising activists, they work on issues like immigration reform (El Refugio), LGBTQ advocacy, education (Imagination Library), death penalty reform, and Native American rights.Apr13Spring 2024 Open House (Boone campus)April 13, 2024Open House is your opportunity to learn more about App State. Meet faculty and current students, tour campus, and learn more about financial aid, scholarships, the admissions process, and what student life at App State is really like.Apr20Spring 2024 Open House (Hickory campus)April 20, 2024Open House is your opportunity to learn more about App State. Meet faculty and current students, tour campus, and learn more about financial aid, scholarships, the admissions process, and what student life at App State is really like.Apr25Dr. Britt Way: Finding Purpose in an Age of Climate AnxietyApril 25, 20246:00 pmOur climate change anxieties have never been more overwhelming—but they’re also the key to saving the planet. Britt Wray shows us how to embrace our complicated, messy emotions about the climate crisis. Her research on the psychological toll of climate change, outlined in her brilliant book Generation Dread, reveals a surprising truth: that acknowledging and dealing with climate anxiety helps us find purpose, avoid burnout, and solve both mental health and ecological problems.Jul27Brad PaisleyJuly 27, 20247:30 pmGrammy Award winner and Grand Ole Opry member Brad Paisley will perform live at Kidd Brewer Stadium! Brad Paisley has earned his place in country music history as one of the genre’s most talented and decorated male solo artists. For more than 20 years, his songwriting and unmatched showmanship have won him numerous awards, including three GRAMMYs, two American Music Awards, 15 Academy of Country Music Awards, and 14 Country Music Association Awards. Events University Events >>> Mountaineer Athletics >>> Academic Calendar >>> Appalachian Cares Appalachian Cares is a place to find resources and support available for our students faculty and staff regarding student health and safety. App State at Hickory Accessibility Bookstore Contact Us Emergency Employment Equal Opportunity Policy Maps Pay Bills Policy Manual Title IX Connect Connect with Appalachian's social media accounts from university programs, departments and administrative units.. Appalachian State University 287 Rivers St., Boone, NC 28608 | 828-262-2000 | Copyright 2024 Appalachian State University. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy | Website manager: waterworthae (wycoffdn) | Website feedback