The Spectator Skip to main content Unlock unlimited access, free for a month then subscribe from as little as £1 a week after that SUBSCRIBE UNLOCK ACCESS Try a month free HomePodcasts Writers Newsletters Events Club Briefings Coffee House Politics Economy World Culture Life Magazine HomePodcasts Writers Newsletters Events Club Briefings Coffee House Politics Society World Scotland Economy Culture Arts Books Exhibitions Film Music Radio & podcasts Television Stage Life Culture What to watch Wine & food Travel Property Sport Style Health Magazine The Week Features Columnists Books Arts Life Cartoons Puzzles & games This week's issue 02 Mar 2024 Coffee House Politics Economy World Culture Life Magazine UNLOCK ACCESS Try a month free Coffee House Politics Economy World Culture Life Magazine HomePodcasts Writers Newsletters Events Club Briefings Coffee House Politics Society World Scotland Economy Culture Arts Books Exhibitions Film Music Radio & podcasts Television Stage Life Culture What to watch Wine & food Travel Property Sport Style Health Magazine The Week Features Columnists Books Arts Life Cartoons Puzzles & games This week's issue 02 Mar 2024 Search for: Search Click here to view the latest charts on our data hub Kate Andrews Would another cut to National Insurance be enough to move the polls? Jawad Iqbal At home / Who cares that Rishi Sunak makes his own bed? Stephen Daisley Locked up / Vulnerable children don’t belong in jail Eliot Wilson Scotland / The flaw in the SNP’s plan to ‘build a new Scotland’ Andrew Rosenheim Books / An Oxford spy ring is finally uncovered From the magazine Tibor Fischer Books / What became of Thomas Becket’s bones? From the magazine Richard Bratby Arts / Serious composers write ad music too From the magazine Jane Robins Can’t sleep? / Try a boring audiobook From Spectator Life Robin Ashenden Nostrovia! / A Soviet guide to vodka From Spectator Life William Cook The Nazi next door / Inside my grandmother’s house From Spectator Life Andrew Rosenheim Books / An Oxford spy ring is finally uncovered From the magazine Tibor Fischer Books / What became of Thomas Becket’s bones? From the magazine Richard Bratby Arts / Serious composers write ad music too From the magazine Jane Robins Can’t sleep? / Try a boring audiobook From Spectator Life Robin Ashenden Nostrovia! / A Soviet guide to vodka From Spectator Life William Cook The Nazi next door / Inside my grandmother’s house From Spectator Life Joanna Williams Erasure of history / Drake, Raleigh and the irony of ‘inclusivity’ drives Latest from Coffee House All the latest analysis of the day's news James Heale MPs demand veto on foreign state press ownership Steerpike Science minister forced to pay damages Steerpike GB News suffers big losses as TalkTV goes online Steerpike Tories demand probe into Khan’s ‘night czar’ Amy Wilentz Gangs are on the verge of taking over Haiti Steerpike Will Jeremy Corbyn sue Nigel Farage? Alexander Larman Will Kate’s rogue uncle embarrass the royals on Celebrity Big Brother? Andrew Tettenborn In defence of Judge Tan Ikram Steerpike Rwanda Bill battered in the Lords Spectator TV Presents George Galloway: who is he and why should Labour fear him? Watch now Most popular Steerpike GB News suffers big losses as TalkTV goes online William Cook The Nazi next door: inside my grandmother’s house Joanna Williams Drake, Raleigh and the irony of ‘inclusivity’ drives Steerpike Will Jeremy Corbyn sue Nigel Farage? Kate Andrews Would another cut to National Insurance be enough to move the polls? Writers Katy Balls Sunak pledges extremism crackdown Kate Andrews Is this really the Tory party’s election budget? Jawad Iqbal The Iranian people have had enough Julie Burchill Show-off vicars are ruining the Church of England Patrick O’Flynn Can the Tories avoid oblivion? Spectator Life An intelligent mix of culture, food, style and property, plus where to go and what to see. William Cook The Nazi next door: inside my grandmother’s house From Spectator Life Sean Thomas Are we ready for P(doom)? From Spectator Life Ross Anderson Why Apple killed its electric car From Spectator Life Ella Dorn Get ready for the cowboy renaissance From Spectator Life Robin Ashenden A Soviet guide to vodka From Spectator Life One of the perks – a perilous one – of visiting the Former Soviet Union in the 1990s was the cheapness of the vodka. I was used to paying London prices for it but in Estonia (where I lived for two years) you could find bunker-bars where they’d serve you a generous tumbler – enough Jane Robins Can’t sleep? Try a boring audiobook From Spectator Life Spectator TV Watch George Galloway: who is he and why should Labour fear him? George Galloway: who is he and why should Labour fear him? Watch Why women don’t need ‘allies’ fighting male violence Why women don’t need ‘allies’ fighting male violence Watch The problem with 'Islamophobia' & Netanyahu's plan for Gaza The problem with 'Islamophobia' & Netanyahu's plan for Gaza Sean Thomas Are we ready for P(doom)? From Spectator Life Magazine This week's magazine Plan Bibi Stalemate suits Netanyahu Anshel Pfeffer Permanent stalemate in Gaza suits Netanyahu Jerusalem After midnight on Thursday is dead-time for the Israeli media. The weekend editions have gone to print (newspapers don’t come out on Shabbat) and the Friday night TV news shows have been pre-recorded. The country’s journalists are yearning for respite from a long week covering the war. Benjamin Netanyahu chose that black hole of Anshel Pfeffer Permanent stalemate in Gaza suits Netanyahu Jerusalem After midnight on Thursday is dead-time for the Israeli media. The weekend editions have gone to print (newspapers don’t come out on Shabbat) and the Friday night TV news shows have been pre-recorded. The country’s journalists are yearning for respite from a long week covering the war. Benjamin Netanyahu chose that black hole of Laurie Graham The truth about ‘living with obesity’ Matt Ridley Blue tits vs willow tits: a lesson in subsidies Lukas Degutis Why Latvia is expelling its Russian speakers Ysenda Maxtone Graham Please stop clapping at funerals Culture The good, the bad and the ugly in books, exhibitions, cinema, TV, dance, music, podcasts and theatre. Igor Toronyi-Lalic In Bermondsey I heard the future – at the Barbican I smelt death: new-music round-up From the magazine To Dalston to witness the worst gig of my life. The premise of the Random Gear Festival was simple and rather inspired: gather some arbitrary objects; get people to play them. In previous iterations, the offerings had included an ice skate, a wet baguette and an exercise bike. This time we had a trampoline, a Deborah Ross All I kept thinking was how the sand must get everywhere: Dune – Part Two reviewed From the magazine Laura Gascoigne Dazzling but it’s all show: Tate Britain’s Sargent and Fashion reviewed From the magazine Lloyd Evans 118 minutes too long: The Picture of Dorian Gray, at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, reviewed From the magazine James Delingpole A turkey: Netflix’s Avatar – The Last Airbender reviewed From the magazine Daisy Dunn Why are there so few decent poetry podcasts? From the magazine Richard Bratby Serious composers write ad music too From the magazine Podcasts Read What tax cut will Hunt deliver tomorrow? Coffee House Shots What tax cut will Hunt deliver tomorrow? 5 Mar 2024 / 13 min listen Instant political analysis from the Spectator’s top team of writers, including Fraser Nelson, Katy Balls, Isabel Hardman, Cindy Yu, Kate Andrews and many others. More episodes Read Life on the margins: how China's rural deprivation curbs its success Chinese Whispers Life on the margins: how China's rural deprivation curbs its success 4 Mar 2024 / 41 min listen Read Will Tech decide the US election? Americano Will Tech decide the US election? 3 Mar 2024 / 25 min listen Cartoons A J Singleton ‘‘Do you have any “Sorry, I’m not going to apologise” cards?’’ Cartoon Nick Newman ‘‘After all they’ve been through, you have to admire the resilience of the British people.’’ Cartoon Wilbur ‘‘You’re not taking the “search for phones” directive a bit far, sir?’’ Cartoon Ross Anderson Why Apple killed its electric car From Spectator Life Useful links Contact & FAQs Advertise with us Sponsor an event Submit a story About Us About The Spectator Privacy policy Terms and conditions Tax strategy Jobs and vacancies Sitemap More from The Spectator Spectator Australia Apollo Magazine The Spectator shop Subscribe Subscribe today The Spectator Club Sign up to our newsletters