Otago Daily Times Online News | Otago, South Island, New Zealand & International News Skip to main content Subscribe ... Toggle navigation Dunedin 20 | 10 Wednesday, Wed, 6 MarchMar 2024 Subscribe Send us news & photos Search form Search News Dunedin DCC Crime Campus Health The Star The South Today National The Star International Opinion Editorial Opinion 100 years ago Southern Say Australia Politics ODTtv Your News Slideshow Section Sport Rugby Cricket Basketball Racing Football Netball League Golf Motorsport Hockey Other Sport Life & Style Food & Wine Fresh Christmas Edition Ask a Chef News & Features Chef's Garden Recipes Wine Reviews Home & Garden Magazine Resilient Travel Fashion Design for Living Wedding Guide Entertainment Film Music Theatre Books Arts Gaming Dance Television Business Regions Queenstown Wanaka Central Otago North Otago South Otago Southland Canterbury West Coast Features Drivesouth Reviews Design for Living Education Guide Wedding Guide Healthcare Providers Conferences and Venues Explore Dunedin Sponsored content Southern Snow Southern Television Health and Beauty Video Rural life Search form SearchSearch Subscribe Send Us Your News ... Contact Us Email Facebook Plus Jobs Wedding Guide Death Notices Privacy Policy Drive South Weather Media Council Complaints Pitch perfect Pink performance REVIEW: Dunedin concert-goers were tickled pink by a mesmerising performance put on by one of the biggest stars to ever swing from Forsyth Barr Stadium’s rafters. SUBSCRIBER No grudge over crash death, dad says SUBSCRIBER No grudge over crash death, dad says The father of a man who was killed in a crash following a liquor store burglary says he feels no animosity towards the driver responsible. 'Such a sad loss': Fundraiser for bereaved family Community fundraiser coming to aid of bereaved family The Cromwell community is rallying behind the family of a Fijian man who died unexpectedly in the town. SUBSCRIBER Firm opposition to Octagon eatery's booze licence bid SUBSCRIBER Firm opposition to Octagon eatery's booze licence bid A new Dunedin eatery’s bid for a liquor licence is facing staunch opposition due to its owners’ history. ODT quiz: March 6 SUBSCRIBER Teaching kids on a globetrotting bike trip Guilty plea for role in drug trafficking SUBSCRIBER Smith cover star of 2024 almanack dunedin SUBSCRIBER Concerns over pathology building Concerns are being raised the new Dunedin hospital pathology building will not be resilient enough to provide services in a disaster. Pause, breathe and smile Programme helps pupils with emotions, relationships A Dunedin primary school is benefiting from an emotional regulation technique helping pupils pause, breathe and smile. SUBSCRIBER Grass verges: Safety not compromised, says DCC SUBSCRIBER Grass verges: Safety not compromised, says DCC Safety will not be compromised by the Dunedin City Council’s revised approach to mowing grass verges in some areas amid budget constraints, a senior manager says. Diverse rural areas had poor vaxx rollout: study Diverse rural areas had poor vaxx rollout: study Diverse rural communities were overlooked in the Covid-19 vaccine rollout, University of Otago research has found. Advertising regions 'My daughter nearly died': Gore family's harrowing meth ordeal She is not going to be quiet any more about the dangers of methamphetamine use, a former addict’s mother says. ’Tis the season - harvest begins at winery ’Tis the season - harvest begins at winery Harvest is under way yet again in Central Otago, as one of the region’s prominent wineries began picking fruit at Bendigo yesterday. SUBSCRIBER Milford permit system idea receives mixed response SUBSCRIBER Milford permit system idea receives mixed response A proposed permit system for international visitors who wish to drive themselves to the Milford Sound has drawn a mixed response from the community. Helicopter firm owner denies charges over fatal crash Helicopter firm owner denies charges over fatal crash The owner of a Milton helicopter company has denied charges after a pilot crashed and diedwhile flying at night, allegedly outside the terms of his licence. National Boy denied publicly-funded rehab after brain surgery A Tauranga boy with a “crippling disability” was told he could no longer have publicly funded rehabilitation days after five-hour brain surgery, his mother says. Fears over Australia's fresh push for Kiwi health workers Fears over Australia's fresh push for Kiwi health workers There are fears an exodus of health workers is on the horizon with a new advertising campaign trying to lure more Kiwis across the ditch, amid a backdrop of public service cuts. Cocaine use doubles in New Zealand Cocaine use doubles in New Zealand Cocaine consumption in New Zealand has almost doubled - although use is still very low - a new report has found. Fundraiser for victim of 'horrible' crash Fundraiser for victim of 'horrible' crash The family of Kerikeri community stalwart Keri Molloy are seeking support for her speedy recovery after she suffered serious injuries in a three-vehicle crash. sport No repeat of rugby haka criticising 'redneck' govt The Hurricanes women's team, the Poua, will be told they will not be allowed to repeat a controversial haka performed at the weekend, the chief executive says. Taylor believes Wagner was 'forced' to retire Taylor believes Wagner was 'forced' to retire Black Caps great Ross Taylor says he can't help but feel that Neil Wagner was forced to retire. SUBSCRIBER Positive signs for Matatū in Blues loss SUBSCRIBER Positive signs for Matatū in Blues loss Matatū dropped their opening game of Super Rugby Aupiki at the weekend, but there were some positive signs in the second half. SUBSCRIBER Aust attack, attitude hard to beat SUBSCRIBER Aust attack, attitude hard to beat For those of you desperately clinging on to hope ahead of the second test in Christchurch later this week, there are always the what-ifs. Business Women In Business event to hear from ‘epic people’ "Dunedin has epic people doing epic things with amazing stories of grit, resilience and success. How exciting to get them in a room and just hear from them." Accommodation scarce and pricey for Pink Accommodation scarce and pricey for Pink Dunedin is nearly booked out, with some having to fork up to $1000 a night for a room, as international pop star Pink gears up to perform one of the largest concerts in the city’s history. Apple fined billions in Spotify case Apple fined billions in Spotify case Apple has been handed a huge fine for thwarting competition from music streaming rivals via restrictions on its App Store, the iPhone maker's first ever penalty for breaching EU rules. Half a million NZ consumers in debt arrears: report Half a million NZ consumers in debt arrears: report A summer credit crunch and squeezed business and consumer budgets has sent debt arrears to the highest level in seven years. Food & Wine SUBSCRIBER Dedication to seasonality, consistency rewarded SUBSCRIBER Plum and apple torte SUBSCRIBER DNA tests unlock mysterious past What goes in does the work queenstown SUBSCRIBER Developer against levy for affordable housing "Fundamentally flawed" is how one of Queenstown’s biggest developers yesterday described a scheme to help fund affordable housing in the district. Water restrictions lifted Water restrictions lifted The last water restrictions have been lifted in the Queenstown area. Car rolls on Crown Range Rd Car rolls on Crown Range Rd A car had to be towed after it rolled in a crash on the Crown Range Rd this morning. SUBSCRIBER First chick in 8 years welcomed SUBSCRIBER First chick in 8 years welcomed Queenstown's Kiwi Park has waited a long time to meet its newest resident, Pako. Rich visual storytelling: Historic Cumberland St Robust or ready to bust? — Otago's irrigation dams Tracing the past Toitū te whenua: Why our Māori place names are so important Life & style Farmers’ markets ‘hubs for the community’ The vital role farmers’ markets play in New Zealand’s food system and in feeding their communities is being celebrated from March 9-17. SUBSCRIBER Need therapy? Try chaos SUBSCRIBER Need therapy? Try chaos I never thought I’d say this but I highly recommend an intense, passionate, totally over-the-top holiday from reality in the form of a mad love affair. Sewn into the fabric of Wānaka life Sewn into the fabric of Wānaka life Wānaka has provided a creative sea-change for former Brisbane theatre manager Jess Rasmussen and her partner Max Wasley, who moved to town four years ago without having visited before. 'History buffs' wanted for converted church 'History buffs' wanted for converted Hawea Flat church The owners of a historic church in a picturesque rural setting near Wānaka who performed their own Grand Designs renovation on it almost 30 years ago have now put it up for sale. Rural Life Trial may reveal tools for hieracium fight An invasive weed has been forcing a reduction in the stocking rate on a high-country merino station in Central Otago since its arrival in the 1980s. Work ethic, mentors bring success Work ethic, mentors bring success A commitment to his working dogs is what keeps Logan Bain motivated to consistently train them, and is why he finds himself every so often on the leaderboard of club trials. Water restrictions could increase in dry spell Water restrictions could increase in dry spell A forecast dry spell has the potential to result in further water restrictions throughout Otago. Results ‘reasonable’ after sale brought forward Results ‘reasonable’ after sale brought forward Dry conditions brought forward the date of a store lamb sale on a dryland station in North Otago. Southland 'My daughter nearly died': Gore family's harrowing meth ordeal She is not going to be quiet any more about the dangers of methamphetamine use, a former addict’s mother says. SUBSCRIBER Lack of volunteers putting show at risk SUBSCRIBER Lack of volunteers putting show at risk A growing southern A&P show many not go ahead this year unless additional volunteers can be found. Man felt terrible for running over teenagers, court told Man felt terrible for running over teenagers, court told A Gore man ran over two teenage girls in an area where the public cannot drive, a court has heard. Sunflowers seeding joy Sunflowers seeding joy Sunflowers seem to turn heads. LIFESTYLE & ENTERTAINMENT Pitch perfect Pink performance Providing a theatrical leg-up Donated rifle symbol of bygone era Hakitekura at centre of ill-fated love story World Massive milestone The world’s oldest woman, Maria Branyas, celebrates her 117 birthday in Residencia Santa Maria del Tura de Olot, in Girona, Spain, yesterday. Gaza talks continue despite Israel no-show Gaza talks continue despite Israel no-show Hamas and Egyptian mediators are pressing on with talks on securing a ceasefire in Gaza, despite Israel's no-show, as Washington pressed again for a truce, the release of hostages and plan to alleviate the humanitarian catastrophe. Two dead after battery sparks fire in NSW Two dead after battery sparks fire in NSW An exploding lithium-ion battery sparked a fire that killed two people in what firefighters believe are the first deaths linked to a battery fire in New South Wales. Arrests after protest chaos on Melbourne bridge Arrests after climate protest chaos on Melbourne bridge Protesters have been arrested after climate group Extinction Rebellion used a hire truck to block traffic on a major Melbourne bridge. Opinion SUBSCRIBER Hurry, we have a plane to catch Prime Minister Christopher Luxon had somewhere he had be urgently yesterday. SUBSCRIBER Cartoonist’s view — Yeo SUBSCRIBER Cartoonist’s view — Yeo Today's cartoon from Voyager award winning cartoonist Shaun Yeo. SUBSCRIBER Letters to the Editor: wilding pines and the cost of living SUBSCRIBER Letters to the Editor: wilding pines and the cost of living Today's Letters to the Editor from readers cover topics including an alternative to the Tarras airport, environmental boundaries, and is the government making things harder? SUBSCRIBER As journalism faces decline, how do we stay informed? SUBSCRIBER As journalism faces decline, how do we stay informed? My old-person credentials are not yet complete. Latest News No repeat of rugby haka criticising 'redneck' govt Boy denied publicly-funded rehab after brain surgery Fears over Australia's fresh push for Kiwi health workers Cocaine use doubles in New Zealand Fundraiser for victim of 'horrible' crash Taylor believes Wagner was 'forced' to retire Long uncut grass annoys Roslyn neighbours Trims to grass-cutting blamed on budgets & bees Smaller numbers not a drag at ‘successful’ racing event Big crowd for cavalcade finale Dunedin hosts National Corvette Convention Funded through NZ On Air Most Popular Pink swings into action at Dunedin stadium show Pitch perfect Pink performance Community fundraiser coming to aid of bereaved family ‘La Nina-like’ pulse could prove big rainmaker for NZ 'My daughter nearly died': Gore family's harrowing meth ordeal SUBSCRIBER Firm opposition to Octagon eatery's booze licence bid Editors' Picks Pitch perfect Pink performance 'Such a sad loss': Fundraiser for bereaved family SUBSCRIBER Teaching kids on a globetrotting bike trip 'My daughter nearly died': Gore family's harrowing meth ordeal 100 Years Ago... OGHS pupil wins 100 yards SUBSCRIBER Women welcome as pharmacists SUBSCRIBER Tourist Office busy Contact Us Contribute Facebook Subscribe Holiday Delivery Subscriber Benefits ODT Subscriptions FAQs Stops, Starts & Redirects Contact Contact us Site feedback Send us your news About us Privacy Policy Media Council Complaints Our Websites Channel 39 - Southern TV Post a Note Extra! Newspapers in Education Newspapers ODT E-edition The Star - Christchurch Oamaru Mail The Star - Dunedin The News - Central Otago The Ensign - Gore Ashburton Courier North Canterbury News Southland Express - Invercargill Southern Rural Life Central Rural Life The Courier - Timaru Mountain Scene - Queenstown Property Times South Canterbury Extra! School Publication Clutha Leader Bay Harbour News Selwyn Times The Wanaka Sun Classifieds Death notices Drivesouth Jobs Classified Advertising Advertise Upload print advertising Advertising Terms Advertise with us Services Home & Leisure Show Allied Productions ODT Journeys ODT Store Otago Images Corporate Logos ODT Print Magazines Classic Driver Dunedin Guide Drivesouth Best Motor Buys Explore Dunedin Home & Leisure Kiwi Gardener Kiwi Gardener Quarterly Rugby News South Style With this Ring © Copyright Allied Press Limited 2024. All rights reserved.