Independent Institute About Who We Are Centers Fellows Authors Board of Directors Board of Advisors Staff Awards Won by Independent What Others Are Saying About Us The Alexis De Tocqueville Award California Golden Fleece® Awards The Lighthouse Logo Careers Contact Finances Blogs The Beacon Catalyst Voces de Libertad Issues Recommended Readings COVID-19 Culture and Society Defense and Foreign Policy Economy Education Energy and the Environment Entitlements and Welfare Government and Politics Health and Healthcare Housing and Homelessness International Economics and Development Law and Liberty Philosophy and Religion Regulation Taxes and Budget News News Commentary Articles Media Alerts News Releases Multimedia Video Audio Podcast: Independent Outlook / Conversations Podcast: Independent Truths with Dr. Scott Atlas Love Gov Events Upcoming and Recent Events Past Events Publications Books The Independent Review California Golden Fleece® Awards The Lighthouse® (Email Newsletter) Policy Briefings Annual Reports Commentary Articles News Releases Executive Summaries Independent (Quarterly Newsletter) Research Articles Working Papers Course Adoption Program Store Overview Independent Books LibertyTree Press Books Non-Institute Books eBooks Subscribe to The Independent Review Single Issues of The Independent Review Event DVDs Policy Reports Customer Account Login Donate Make a Donation Other Ways to Give Membership Benefits Leave a Legacy David J. Theroux Chair Endowment Fund Your Dollars at Work Donor’s Bill of Rights Finances Contact En Español En Español The Power of Independent Thinking About About Centers Fellows Authors Board of Directors Board of Advisors Staff Awards Won by Independent What Others Are Saying About Us The Alexis De Tocqueville Award California Golden Fleece® Awards The Lighthouse Logo Careers Contact Finances Blogs Blogs The Beacon Catalyst Voces de Libertad Issues Issues Recommended Readings Presented by Williamson Evers, Ph.D. COVID-19 Culture and Society Defense and Foreign Policy Economy Education Energy and the Environment Entitlements and Welfare Government and Politics Health and Healthcare Housing and Homelessness International Economics and Development Law and Liberty Philosophy and Religion Regulation Taxes and Budget News News Commentary Articles Media Alerts News Releases Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Podcasts: Independent Outlook / Conversations Independent Truths with Dr. Scott Atlas Love Gov Events Events Upcoming and Recent Events Past Events Publications Publications Books The Independent Review(Quarterly Journal) California Golden Fleece® Awards Policy Briefings The Lighthouse®(Email Newsletter) Annual Reports Commentary Articles News Releases Executive Summaries Independent(Quarterly Newsletter) Research Articles Working Papers Course Adoption Program Store Store Independent Books eBooks LibertyTree Press Books Non-Institute Books Subscribe to The Independent Review Single Issues of The Independent Review Event DVDs Policy Reports Customer Account Login Donate Donate Other Ways to Give Membership Benefits Leave a Legacy David J. Theroux Chair Endowment Fund Your Dollars at Work Donor’s Bill of Rights Finances Contact 2023 Annual Report: A Call to Liberty & Opportunity New Book: The New American Anti-Semitism: The Left, the Right, and the Jews INDEPENDENT OUTLOOK: Can Milei Succeed? Cal Thomas reviews The New American Anti-Semitism WATCH: Naomi Wolf: The Media’s Vanishing Journalistic Standards 2024 Independent Review Student Essay Contest The Independent Review: Winter 2023/24 Issue Now Available Winter 2023/24 Quarterly Newsletter Independent Now Available Phillip W. Magness Named the David J. Theroux Chair in Political Economy New Book: The New Deal’s War on the Bill of Rights by David T. Beito Read the Latest Book Reviews from The Independent Review Independent Review Student Essay Contest Winners Love Gov 3: The Metaverse of Madness—Watch Now! “Beyond Homeless: Finding Hope” Watch the documentary film—and more. Catalyst: Young Voices for Liberty Independent Institute Earns 4-Star Honor from Charity Navigator Latest Articles Commentary The Miracle of Milei: Argentina Could Spark a Passionate Embrace of Individual Liberty—and Prosperity Judy L. Shelton • Mar 4 The Beacon Wendy’s Won’t Use Dynamic Pricing—But Should They? Peter C. Earle • Mar 4 Commentary How Rich People Create Poverty Art Carden • Mar 1 Commentary S.F. Proposition B’s ‘Cop Tax’ Would Increase Budget Uncertainty without Guaranteeing Better Policing Jonathan Hofer • Mar 1 Commentary What to Do about Our Biggest Health Care Problems John C. Goodman • Mar 1 Catalyst Detroit’s Land Value Tax Experiment Scott Beyer • Mar 1 Commentary To Fight Corruption, San Francisco Must Decriminalize Construction Christopher J. Calton • Feb 29 The Beacon Saying the Quiet Part Out Loud Caleb S. Fuller • Feb 29 Commentary Proposition E Is a Step Backward for San Francisco’s Crime Woes Jonathan Hofer • Feb 29 Commentary Time for U.S. Jews to Rethink Their Democratic Loyalties Benjamin Ginsberg • Feb 29 More from the beacon more from catalyst more commentaries Featured New Book: The New American Anti-Semitism: The Left, the Right, and the Jews As a nation, we face an ugly new surge of anti-Semitism. Why? What keeps us from celebrating the universal values that Jews brought into the world centuries ago? Find out more in this new book, The New American Anti-Semitism: The Left, the Right, and the Jews New Book: The New Deal’s War on the Bill of Rights: The Untold Story of FDR’s Concentration Camps, Censorship, and Mass Surveillance David T. Beito unveils the many abuses of power and human rights violations that defined Roosevelt’s time in office, bringing the dark side of his administration to light. Buy the book | Read the News Release Love Gov 3: The Metaverse of Madness—WATCH NOW! Season 3 of the Award-Winning Web Series With Scott “Gov” Govinsky at the helm of the post-pandemic education system, it’s a new (anything-but) normal. This is the third season of Love Gov, the comedy web series that explores how government impacts our lives. Recommended Readings on the History of Russia and Ukraine The Russia/Ukraine war is between countries that have different histories and political cultures from our own. The conflict brings up just-war theory, the difficult issue of nationalities, contrasting political cultures, and a myriad of other issues. Here is the much-needed guide through all the complexity. Policy Report — Beyond Homeless: Good Intentions, Bad Outcomes, Transformative Solutions. The Bay Area’s housing and homelessness crises will not be resolved until policymakers and service providers stop relying on conventional approaches which do not work. Read the Report • News Release • BeyondHomeless.org CATALYST: Young Voices for Liberty Catalyst is our website dedicated to issues that millennials care about the most: jobs, housing costs, education, student debt, healthcare, and more. Learn, engage, and connect. Top Issues COVID-19 Economy Healthcare Education Law & Liberty Housing and Homelessness Latest Videos The New Anti-Semitism—from the Left Can Milei Succeed? Argentina at the Start of a New Era | Independent Outlook 58 Naomi Wolf: The Media’s Vanishing Journalistic Standards | Ep. 24 more video and audio Independent Bookstore $26.95 $26.95 $26.95 $24.95 $26.95 $28.00 $23.80 $22.95 $19.50 $29.95 $25.50 VISIT the bookstore The Independent Review A Journal of Political Economy Latest Issue: Winter 2023/24 The Fable of Shareholder Environmental Activism by Government Pensions by Raymond Venner Interpreting Atomic Bomb History: A Reply to Fuller’s “An Economic Case against the Atomic Bombing of Japan” by Barton J. Bernstein Interpreting Atomic Bomb History: A Response to Bernstein by Edward W. Fuller The East Asian Challenge for Market Liberalism: Toward a Hayekian Context-Specific Response by Bryan Cheang Singapore’s Small Development State by Ryan H. Murphy War and European Welfare Exceptionalism by Chris Pope Smith and Cicero on Philosophy in Action by Phoebe Johnston Pumping Gas and Siphoning Rents: The Political Economy of Self-Service Laws by Samuel D. Peterson Landlords, Banking, Merchants, and European Financial Systems: An Intellectual History of Richard Cantillon’s Innovative Entrepreneurial Theory by Meredith Kottom The Classical Liberal Diaspora by Michael C. Munger The Rival Definitions of Economic Recession: Resolved by John F. Gaski Tyranny Reverse Engineered, Non-violent Resistance, and the American Heritage by Lukas Abelmann Vivek Ramaswamy on What’s Troubling America by D. Eric Schansberg 19 Book Reviews Subscribe • Buy Single Issues • Get the App Latest Tweets Follow @IndependentInstitute Tweets by @IndependentInst Get the free MyGovCost iPhone and iPad app today! The Lighthouse® Weekly email newsletter Distributed weekly, The Lighthouse® provides an overview of the latest Independent Institute articles, publications, events, and media programs. Subscribe Subscribe Careers Student Programs Course Adoption Links Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2024 INDEPENDENT INSTITUTE, 100 SWAN WAY, OAKLAND CA 94621‑1428 | (510) 632‑1366 | (510) 568‑6040 FAX | SEND EMAIL