Atlanta homes, neighborhoods, architecture, and real estate | Curbed Atlanta Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile Curbed Atlanta homepage Atlanta Log in or sign up Log In Sign Up Site search Search Search Curbed Atlanta main menu Cities Homes Neighborhoods News More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Los Angeles New York San Francisco Archive.curbed.com Homes For Sale in Atlanta For Rent in Atlanta Curbed Comparions Neighborhoods News Development News Construction News Architecture Transportation Historic Preservation ✕ Featured stories Curbed Atlanta’s greatest hits We’ve closed up shop for the time being By Curbed Staff 101 things to love about Atlanta A love letter to a city of many nicknames—just don’t call it Hotlanta By Josh Green 35 comments / new What Atlanta homebuyers need to know during the coronavirus pandemic By Josh Green What Atlanta renters need to know during the coronavirus pandemic By Mike Jordan 140 comments / new Latest Stories This stream has: 36 Updates Coronavirus and shelter-in-place impact in Atlanta News and updates on how the novel coronavirus is affecting housing, transit, parks, and other aspects of daily life. Plus, tips on how to manage at home. By Curbed Atlanta Staff April 9, 2020 Open thread: Has Atlanta’s response to the coronavirus outbreak matched expectations? It’s been a month since widespread closings began. Have city leaders gotten it right thus far? By Sean Richard Keenan April 13, 2020 67 comments / new From Vox Media We're building great things, and we need your talent. Filed under: Map Your ultimate guide to Atlanta's most iconic, beloved signs Quirky, historic, holy, or just plain weird—Atlanta’s loaded with noteworthy signage. By KaronCurbed April 9, 2020 27 comments / new I live car-free in Atlanta—and I love it Despite roadway hazards and irrational drivers, I’ll always prefer to walk and bike. By Sean Richard Keenan March 27, 2019 119 comments / new Solved: The case of Midtown’s missing, historic magnolias marker In the shadow of today’s Ponce City Market, the Ponce Springs area transformed into a pond, a ballpark, and then a shopping mall, as two grand trees witnessed it all. By Adam C. Johnson March 31, 2020 20 comments / new Shared from: From Curbed Home, soothing home What science, color psychology, and interior designers tell us about creating a comforting space. By Diana Budds April 24, 2020 1 comment / new West Midtown’s Star Metals project inks 10,000 square feet of... something Expect an "activity-based" destination at the upcoming mixed-use development. By Sean Richard Keenan April 1, 2020 14 comments / new Georgia Tech’s Living Building, the Southeast’s greenest, is a marvel of efficiency and spare parts Now finished, metro Atlanta’s most environmentally advanced structure aims to be a self-sustaining launchpad for big ideas. By Josh Green November 14, 2019 17 comments / new Filed under: Atlanta Real Estate Market Reports Waiting Game: How Atlanta’s building boom can make homebuying a high-stakes wager "We’ve lived in a lot of major cities before... We’ve never experienced anything like this." By Josh Green November 20, 2019 34 comments / new Photos: Summerhill overhaul soldiers on through coronavirus pandemic While some retail and restaurants have shuttered temporarily, more are on the way. By Sean Richard Keenan April 10, 2020 7 comments / new North of Atlanta, the ‘School Bus Graveyard’ is a wonderland of public art What started as a means to thwart thieves has evolved into a bizarre, beautiful mecca for art enthusiasts around the world. By Josh Green March 20, 2020 5 comments / new New doc chronicles the downfall, communal resolve of Atlanta’s notorious ‘Little Vietnam’ Unflinching PBS documentary "East Lake Meadows: A Public Housing Story" was produced by Ken Burns. By Josh Green March 24, 2020 38 comments / new As investment pours in, a ‘new Stone Mountain Village’ aims to rise Brewers, developers, creatives, and other entrepreneurs call the village an up-and-coming, historic gem among metro Atlanta downtowns—its reputation be damned By Josh Green February 28, 2020 40 comments / new Maps 27 Your ultimate guide to Atlanta's most iconic, beloved signs 2 6 coolest short-term rentals in Georgia’s top destinations right now 24 Mapped: 25 great options for bar-hopping via MARTA around Atlanta More in Maps My Atlanta: Janaya Keaton was just evicted, and she blames gentrification The Atlanta educator and mother of two loved her Adair Park street—until she couldn’t afford it. By Josh Green September 14, 2018 114 comments / new Doraville inks deal to replace dying strip mall with affordable housing development Officials: $50-million project is moving forward on the site of a Peachtree Industrial Boulevard shopping plaza. By Josh Green April 8, 2020 10 comments / new Roswell activists: Metro Atlanta’s most impassioned preservationists, or the NIMBYs from hell? In the historic core of a growing suburban city, that is the question. By Josh Green December 19, 2018 72 comments / new First look: South of downtown, row of 11 townhomes planned with Gold Dome views Mechanicsville project called "Vertical Row" is moving forward with prices beginning in the $400Ks. By Josh Green April 7, 2020 21 comments / new Filed under: Atlanta Real Estate Market Reports Atlanta’s most walkable, pedestrian-friendly neighborhoods, ranked When it comes to walkability and transit access, downtown Atlanta shines—relatively speaking. By Josh Green February 7, 2020 63 comments / new Random acts of neighborly kindness, solidarity abound in Atlanta right now Despite coronavirus restrictions, one Decatur boy had a birthday surprise for the ages. By Josh Green March 24, 2020 12 comments / new How the trashy ‘Pit of Peachtree’ became Midtown’s most prominent pocket park Grassroots activism turned an infamous dump at 10th and Peachtree streets into a gathering place, christened with a six-pack of Budweiser. By Josh Green January 10, 2020 29 comments / new ‘Urban reclamation’ meets Atlanta’s Old Fourth Ward The Southeast’s largest adaptive-reuse project was supposed to be a cornerstone of Atlanta’s most dynamic neighborhood. Has Ponce City Market delivered? By Josh Green September 19, 2018 51 comments / new Filed under: News In a city of trees, 7 signs your Atlanta home might be in danger What’s worse this year: Heavy, heavy rains have strained the root systems of trees around the city. By KaronCurbed February 12, 2020 21 comments / new Is coronavirus driving Atlanta tiny home sales? Forced to remain home, Atlanta is on pace for a 150 percent increase in Accessory Dwelling Unit sales this year. By KaronCurbed April 6, 2020 13 comments / new Report: Gwinnett among U.S. counties where people traveled most as coronavirus ramped up The county has since issued a stay-at-home order and threatened to punish violators with fines and jail time. By Sean Richard Keenan April 3, 2020 24 comments / new $245K buys this large, century-old loft space in the heart of downtown Recently listed, the Somar Lofts unit has a covered balcony, a "Walker’s Paradise" rating, and rawness to spare. By Josh Green April 2, 2020 37 comments / new Fulton County order to punish Atlantans who leave home for nonessential activities Fines, jail time possible after officials demand stricter enforcement of social distancing guidelines. By Sean Richard Keenan April 2, 2020 20 comments / new Videos Tour Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House, restored to its 1920s beauty The architect’s first LA project has been named a UNESCO World Heritage site. Play video for Tour Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House, restored to its 1920s beauty Will New York’s new sea wall protect the city from climate change? In this video collaboration between Curbed and Vox, we take a closer look at Staten Island’s five-mile wall designed to combat violent storms. Play video for Will New York’s new sea wall protect the city from climate change? A look back at I.M. Pei’s greatest hits The Pritzker Prize-winning Chinese American architect I.M. Pei has passed away at age 102. In honor of his incredible career, we’re taking a brief look at how he got his start. Play video for A look back at I.M. Pei’s greatest hits More in Videos How Atlanta’s short-term rental market is affected by, responding to coronavirus Two hosts describe the challenges—"I lost literally all my bookings due to cancellations"—as Airbnb announces nationwide support. By Mike Jordan April 1, 2020 2 comments / new How Poncey-Highland townhomes next to Manuel’s Tavern are shaping up The 550 North Highland project is planned to start in the high $700Ks. By Josh Green March 31, 2020 11 comments / new Analysis: Georgia has country’s ‘least exposed’ economy during coronavirus crisis In other COVID-19 outbreak news, Atlanta Streets Alive has made contingency plans, and Decatur taxpayers catch a break. By Josh Green March 31, 2020 13 comments / new Updated loft neighboring Ponce City Market called ‘spotless’ costs $450K It’s a two-bedroom corner unit at Old Fourth Ward’s Glen Iris Lofts. By Josh Green March 30, 2020 21 comments / new Perimeter cities appeal to GDOT for multi-use trail space in interstate expansion plans Brookhaven has launched a study to determine the feasibility of a trail network near Interstate 285. By Sean Richard Keenan March 30, 2020 18 comments / new While sheltering at home, how to explore Georgia from your Atlanta couch Events at Atlanta museums, live theater, concerts, comedy shows, and field trips through nature—it’s all a click away. By KaronCurbed March 30, 2020 Lindbergh MARTA stop’s transit-oriented community primed for makeover Architect: "We’re activating the site and creating a place people will choose to be." By Sean Richard Keenan March 30, 2020 14 comments / new Beltline CEO: ‘We’re discouraging casual use’ during coronavirus restrictions In Q&A, Atlanta Beltline head Clyde Higgs discusses the importance of keeping trails open—but safe—in unprecedented times. By Josh Green March 27, 2020 46 comments / new At $669K, updated 1920s bungalow is Inman Park’s least expensive house at the moment Features include inimitable pine floors, five decorative fireplaces, and classic 12-foot ceilings. By Josh Green March 27, 2020 14 comments / new Atlantic Station’s overhauled central park still primed for April debut Three new restaurants are bound for the expanding shopping district’s focal green space. By Sean Richard Keenan March 27, 2020 25 comments / new Third and final tower tops out at State Farm’s transit-oriented campus in Dunwoody The insurance giant is bringing new density to the Perimeter area. By Sean Richard Keenan March 27, 2020 21 comments / new Amid uncertain market, Midtown’s largest new condo building announces completion Marketing officials call the Juniper Street location paramount. By Josh Green March 26, 2020 22 comments / new Photos: Replacing historic recording studio, downtown’s Margaritaville tower is on the rise The Jimmy Buffett-branded high-rise is expected to feature timeshare units and a 14,000-square-foot restaurant. By Sean Richard Keenan March 26, 2020 17 comments / new Pagination More Stories Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Editorial Ethics and Guidelines Vox MediaVox Media Vox Media logo. Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved