American Economic Association This website uses cookies. By clicking the "Accept" button or continuing to browse our site, you agree to first-party and session-only cookies being stored on your device to enhance site navigation and analyze site performance and traffic. For more information on our use of cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. Accept Menu Journals Annual Meeting Careers Resources EconLit Committees Ethics/Ombuds Membership About AEA Log In Research highlights article Immigrant communities and economic development The effect of established Danish settlements on the US dairy industry. JOE Network The AEA's JOE Network is targeted to the comprehensive needs of employers, candidates, and faculty. View job listings Post a job listing Best Practices for Economists Building a more diverse, inclusive, and productive profession. View Best Practices News Featured Chart Age limits for judges February 20, 2024 Do mandatory retirement policies for judges improve the performance of US courts? Research Highlights Podcast The roots of US innovation clusters February 14, 2024 Daniel Gross and Bhaven Sampat discuss the impact of one of the largest shocks to federal R&D funding in US economic history. Featured Chart Impacts of school remediation policy February 7, 2024 Research Highlights Article Expanding markets January 30, 2024 Featured Chart Recovering from economic depressions January 23, 2024 See All News Articles » Journal Articles Featured Popular Forthcoming Gender Differences in Medical Evaluations: Evidence from Randomly Assigned Doctors Marika Cabral, Marcus Dillender American Economic Review vol. 114, no. 2, February 2024 Affirmative Action and Precollege Human Capital Mitra Akhtari, Natalie Bau, Jean-William Laliberté American Economic Journal: Applied Economics vol. 16, no. 1, January 2024 Increasing the Retirement Age: Policy Effects and Underlying Mechanisms Simon Rabaté, Egbert Jongen, Tilbe Atav American Economic Journal: Economic Policy vol. 16, no. 1, February 2024 Immigrant Communities and Knowledge Spillovers: Danish Americans and the Development of the Dairy Industry in the United States Nina Boberg-Fazlić, Paul Sharp American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics vol. 16, no. 1, January 2024 Predicting Cooperation with Learning Models Drew Fudenberg, Gustav Karreskog Rehbinder American Economic Journal: Microeconomics vol. 16, no. 1, February 2024 Generative AI for Economic Research: Use Cases and Implications for Economists Anton Korinek Journal of Economic Literature vol. 61, no. 4, December 2023 The Economic Importance of Financial Literacy: Theory and Evidence Annamaria Lusardi, Olivia S. Mitchell Journal of Economic Literature vol. 52, no. 1, March 2014 Populist Leaders and the Economy Manuel Funke, Moritz Schularick, Christoph Trebesch American Economic Review vol. 113, no. 12, December 2023 Women Empowerment and Economic Development Esther Duflo Journal of Economic Literature vol. 50, no. 4, December 2012 The Nurture of Nature and the Nature of Nurture: How Genes and Investments Interact in the Formation of Skills Mikkel Aagaard Houmark, Victor Ronda, Michael Rosholm American Economic Review vol. 114, no. 2, February 2024 The Socio-Economic Distribution of Choice Quality: Evidence from Health Insurance in the Netherlands Benjamin Handel, Jonathan Kolstad, Thomas Minten, Johannes Spinnewijn American Economic Review: Insights From Fog to Smog: the Value of Pollution Information Panle Barwick, Shanjun Li, Liguo Lin, Eric Zou American Economic Review Why Didn’t the College Premium Rise Everywhere? Employment Protection and On-the-Job Investment in Skills Matthias Doepke, Ruben Gaetani American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics Price Sensitivity and Information Barriers to the Take-up of Naloxone Mireille Jacobson, David Powell American Economic Journal: Economic Policy The Paradox of Innovation Non-Disclosure: Evidence from Licensing Contracts Gaurav Kankanhalli, Alan Kwan, Kenneth Merkley American Economic Journal: Applied Economics See All Journals » Resources for Economists Data Sources For Students & Educators EconSpark Forum & EconTrack Meetings & Conferences JEL Codes Guide Best Practices for Economists Membership Join AEA Member Benefits Journals Annual Meeting Careers Resources EconLit Committees Membership About AEA Log In Contact the AEA Find us on Facebook and X (formerly Twitter). @AEAJournals @AEAJournals @AEAInformation @ASSAMeeting @JOE_listings Copyright 2024 American Economic Association. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy