We're So Glad You Found The Fit Feels Good Movement! Transform Your Body + Habits In 28 Days. Guaranteed. START NOW Transform Your Body + Habits in 28 Days. Guaranteed. START NOW Get Fit FasterNever Diet AgainAutomate Healthy Habits Life is too short to feel crappy about your body.Enough of feeling annoyed that your pants don’t fit. Enough of the fad diets that don’t work and make you feel like it's your fault.Enough of the exhaustion and overwhelm.You deserve better than this. It's time to take back control of your life.Be proud of your strong and healthy body.Ready to be legit proud when you look in the mirror?Never diet again.Free your mind from thoughts of calories, ketones, fasting and celery juice. You've got a life.Automate healthy habits. No motivation or discipline required. This is your new lifestyle that makes you feel good. Here's The Plan:Sign up and let us tell you exactly what to do to get results fast. When you decide you are over all the fads and BS and are ready for a sustainable healthy lifestyle.Follow the plan and create habit loops.No need to think. Just follow the advice from your on-call personal trainer and nutritionist.Put your healthy lifestyle on autopilot.No matter how many times you've tried before, you'll see visible, tangible results in just 28 days. Guaranteed. Meet Your Coaches We are here to save you time and effort. We’ve tried all the diets, read all the sciencey exercise studies and are constantly geeking out on the latest developments in the psychology of behaviour change. We know why 99% people can’t sustain weight loss - and can show you exactly how to beat the odds. Led by renowned fitness expert and bestselling author Oonagh Duncan, the Fit Feels Good team is on a mission to help you transform your body and habits so you can feel good. Because everyone deserves to spend their one and only life on this planet feeling good. Learn More About Oonagh and the team Meet Your Coaches We are here to save you time and effort. We’ve tried all the diets, read all the sciencey exercise studies and are constantly geeking out on the latest developments in the psychology of behaviour change. We know why 99% people can’t sustain weight loss - and can show you exactly how to beat the odds. Led by renowned fitness expert and bestselling author Oonagh Duncan, the Fit Feels Good team is on a mission to help you transform your body and habits so you can feel good. Because everyone deserves to spend their one and only life on this planet feeling good. Learn More About Oonagh and the team As Seen In Ready To Feel Good?Join the 28 Day Transformation JOIN NOW Read Healthy As F*ck CHECK IT OUT Get Your Free Starter Kit START HERE Is This You?You're a grown ass adult. You're freaking smart. You’ve heard of kale. You know that you need to eat well and exercise in order to be your most kick-ass self.You don't need another patronizing lecture on 'self care'. You need a system that works for YOU. The truth is that you are busy as hell.It’s understandable if you ‘fall off the wagon’ when life gets in the way. The problem is that you feel like it’s your fault - that you need more discipline or motivation. Dude - that is the $33 Billion diet industry messing with your brain. It’s not your fault that some unsustainable eating or exercise program doesn’t work. You deserve a system that works for YOU. You don’t need more motivation or discipline. You need a PLAN to create HABITS. Here's The Plan Sign up and let us tell you exactly what to do to get results fast.Follow the plan and create habit loops.Put your healthy lifestyle on autopilot. JOIN THE TRANSFORMATION Download Your Get Fit Starter KitEverything you need to make a plan to get fit, without leaving the couch! YES! SEND ME THE FREEBIE Popular Posts Full Body Musical Workout Full Body Musical Workout It’s Britney B*tch Workout It’s Britney B*tch Workout Maybe It’s My Hormones? Maybe It’s My Hormones? Plays Well With Others Plays Well With OthersFree Sh*tFree Book ChapterStop Snacking GuideMeal Prep Power HourGet Fit In Your 40s WebinarImportant LinksAbout UsRead The BookStart Your TransformationSee Our ResultsContact UsMember Login We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings