Home | American Foundation for the Blind Skip to content Home A- A+ Search Donate menu About AFB What We Do Strategic Plan Scholarships & Awards AFB Videos Annual Report & Financials History Leadership Contact AFB Research & Initiatives Education Employment Aging Public Policy Digital Inclusion Digital Accessibility Internships Client Solutions Case Studies Accessibility Resources News & Publications Press Room Media Studio Newsletters AFB Blog AccessWorld FOCUS on AFB Newsletter Journal of Visual Impairment & Blindness Blindness & Low Vision FamilyConnect VisionAware Eye Conditions Braille Using Technology Disability Rights & Laws Take Action! Digital Accessibility Advocacy CVTA COVID-19 Advocacy Tools Ways to Give Announcements Calendar of Events Search Donate Register Now for AFB's 2024 HKAA Please join us for AFB's 2024 Helen Keller Achievement Awards on April 18th, 2024, at the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles, CA! We are excited to celebrate this year's award recipients, filmmaker Shawn Levy and actor Marilee Talkington. Learn More! » Register Now » Learn About Our Priorities Education We speak up for children who are blind or visually impaired, to make sure every student has an equal opportunity to succeed. Employment Through research, education, and advocacy, we're changing the way employers see job seekers who are blind or low vision. Aging For the growing number of older adults who are losing their sight, we seek to transform aging services and support. News and Events Strategic Plan AFB is excited to announce the release of its new strategic plan, which was adopted by the AFB Board of Trustees this past November. The plan maps out our course for the next five years, following the input we received from staff, trustees, and our valued stakeholders. Learn more about AFB's strategic plan Introducing the AFB Talent Lab The AFB Talent Lab is an innovative new education experience with the goal of closing the accessibility skills gap. Meet the AFB Talent Lab team Learn more about the AFB Talent Lab AccessWorld® AccessWorld® is a reliable source of information at the intersection of disability and technology. Our quarterly publications provide honest commentary, expert insights, and trending discussions that are especially relevant to those who are blind or visually impaired. Explore AccessWorld® Research & Initiatives Barriers to Digital Inclusion Survey In 2023, there is a website or app for just about any task, and these digital platforms offer convenience, cost savings, and efficiency. Yet, digital platforms have not been designed for everyone. Researchers at AFB conducted the Barriers to Digital Inclusion Survey (BDIS) to learn about the prevalence and impacts of digital inclusion barriers faced by individuals who are blind, have low vision, or are deafblind. Read the BDIS Report Now Download the complete BDIS report AFB Introduces Toolkit for HR Professionals and Hiring Managers In response to AFB’s study last year on the challenges job seekers who are blind or have low vision face toward closing the opportunity gap, our Public Policy & Research Institute has prepared a helpful toolkit for HR professionals and hiring managers. Read the Toolkit Now Stay Up-to-Date We are committed to conducting high-quality research related to blindness and low vision and sharing our findings broadly. If you would like to receive information about research opportunities, reports, webinars, and other ways we are sharing our research, please sign up! Stay Up-to-Date on AFB's Research Quick Links Helen Keller Activist, writer, hero… Visit the Helen Keller Archive Helen Keller Lesson Plans Read the latest issues of AFB's publications Whether it's technology news, research reports, or advocacy in action, let AFB keep you up-to-date on blindness and low vision. FOCUS on AFB AFB's 2023 Annual Report New on AFB's Blog Low Vision Awareness: A Survey of Useful Tools for the Newcomer to Low Vision GPT-4 Image Recognition: An Absolute Game Changer in Accessibility Spotlighting Breakthroughs in Multi-line Braille Displays Take Action Today Partner with us Your organization can change the way the world sees blindness Donate Most of our funding comes from individuals, not corporate sponsors. Your support is vital! Need our help? Connect with our accessibility consulting team. AFB Home About AFB Research & Initiatives News & Publications Blindness & Low Vision Take Action! AccessWorld Magazine JVIB Helen Keller Archive AFB Consulting Careers Contact Us Sign up for the AFB Newsletter Follow Us Partner Sites FamilyConnect® CareerConnect® VisionAware™ Braille Bug® © Copyright 2024 American Foundation for the Blind Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Site Map