Hakai Magazine Hakai Magazine Skip to content Coastal science and societies Main navigation and search Main navigation Home Features News & Views Quick Reads Videos & Visuals Donate Search Search Search Other ways to engage with Hakai Magazine Youtube Twitter Facebook Sign up for a weekly newsletter RSS feed Audio edition menu Home Donate Features News & Views Quick Reads Videos & Visuals About Us Internships Contact Us Audio Edition Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy Reprint Our Stories Search Search Other ways to engage with Hakai Magazine Youtube Twitter Facebook Sign up for a weekly newsletter RSS feed Audio edition Featured article rotating header Dammed But Not Doomed As dams come down on the Skutik River, the once-demonized alewife—a fish beloved by the Passamaquoddy—gets a second chance at life. The Butterfly Redemption How scientists, volunteers, and incarcerated women are finding hope and metamorphosis through supporting a struggling butterfly. For Sale: Shark Jaw, Tiger Claw, Fish Maw With little enforcement or legal culpability, social media helps wildlife trafficking thrive in plain sight. Give a Village a Mangrove To protect their mangrove forests and livelihoods, traditional communities in coastal Brazil set their hopes on small-scale tourism. Featured article list Dammed But Not Doomed The Butterfly Redemption For Sale: Shark Jaw, Tiger Claw, Fish Maw Give a Village a Mangrove Featured Dammed But Not Doomed As dams come down on the Skutik River, the once-demonized alewife—a fish beloved by the Passamaquoddy—gets a second chance at life. Independent journalism, focused on the coast. More about us Latest articles Dammed But Not Doomed As dams come down on the Skutik River, the once-demonized alewife—a fish beloved by the Passamaquoddy—gets a second chance at life. Mar 5, 2024 | 3,600 words, about 18 minutes Front page feature highlight In Bermuda, the Signs of the Season Are Changing Data collected by birdwatchers reveals that the iconic white-tailed tropicbird is arriving earlier and earlier. Mar 4, 2024 | 650 words, about 3 minutes Front page feature highlight One Great Shot: Hanging With Wasps A nature photographer gets acquainted with thread-waisted wasps in British Columbia. Mar 1, 2024 | 300 words, 1 photo CITES Warns Ecuador: Crack Down on Illegal Shark Fishing, Now The South American country is under intense scrutiny from the international organization for its sizeable illegal shark catch. Feb 28, 2024 | 950 words, about 4 minutes The Butterfly Redemption How scientists, volunteers, and incarcerated women are finding hope and metamorphosis through supporting a struggling butterfly. Feb 27, 2024 | 4,000 words, about 20 minutes Front page feature highlight Listen to our feature articles with the Hakai Magazine Audio Edition Seagrass Can Stash Away Dangerous Heavy Metals In Australia’s largest estuary, humble seagrass is the thin green line between safety and heavy-metal contamination. Feb 26, 2024 | 800 words, about 4 minutes Front page feature highlight Never miss a story. Sign up for our weekly email newsletter. Centuries-Old Shark Teeth Suggest Brazil’s Ocean Is Less Resilient Today Researchers used shark teeth from a 13th-century fishing site in southern Brazil to get a picture of how the ecosystem has changed. Feb 23, 2024 | 850 words, about 4 minutes Pastoral Preferences of the Pygmy Squid Facing habitat loss, where else could pygmy squid live? Feb 22, 2024 | Eight-panel comic Additional articles More Articles » At the Hakai InstituteHakai Magazine and Hakai Institute are both part of the Tula Foundation. The Institute advances long-term environmental research from icefields to oceans on the coastal margin of British Columbia. The Big Slide The “hazard cascade” at Elliot Creek—a landslide followed by a 100-meter-high tsunami and a raging debris flow—was a rare geological event. It has also become a lingering cultural catastrophe for the local Homalco First Nation. What does the snow know about climate change? Hakai researchers guest star on CBC’s Planet Wonder, which digs deep into Canada's snowpack and how climate change is affecting everything from snow storms to floods to drinking water. Babies of the Briny Blue Whether they’re cute as a button or have a face only a parent could love, babies big and small fill the ocean and chart a unique path through the sea. See more at hakai.org » Copyright information Made next to the 🌊 in Victoria, Canada - ISSN 2371-5790 Part of the Tula Foundation and Hakai Institute family. Links to Hakai Magazine social media sites Youtube Twitter Facebook Sign up for a weekly newsletter RSS feed Audio edition Links to supporting pages and information About Us Internships Contact Us Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy Reprint Our Stories