AI-powered market intelligence and consulting service powered by GfK Solutions Our solutions empower brands and their leaders to be their best Brand and marketing performance Sales and market growth Consumer and shopper intelligence Media measurement Featured gfknewron gfkconsult Customer success stories Industries Industries Technology Products & Durables Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Automotive Retail Media and Entertainment Featured Customer success stories See how brands across the globe rely on GfK's world-class analytics Insights Trending Topics Read all latest insights Jump to the sections on: Market dynamics and decision making What consumers want and need The omnichannel shopping world Brands in transition The sustainability imperative Technology Trends Featured Inspirations CMO Outlook Hub Insights from marketing leaders across the globe GfK Blog Tap into GfK`s expertise across a host of verticals and marketplace dynamics Thinking Ahead Podcast This is a podcast about research, innovation, and discovery. State of Tech & Durables Your full view on the Tech and Durables industry trends Data Partners About GfK Press Contact Careers gfknewron login Search English Chinese Deutsch (German) Español (Spanish) Français (French) Italiano (Italian) Polski (Polish) Русский (Russian) 한국어 (Korean) 日本語 (Japanese) EN English Chinese Deutsch (German) Español (Spanish) Français (French) Italiano (Italian) Polski (Polish) Русский (Russian) 한국어 (Korean) 日本語 (Japanese) EN Solutions Solutions Our solutions empower brands and their leaders to be their best Brand and marketing performance Sales and market growth Consumer and shopper intelligence Media measurement Featured gfknewron gfkconsult Customer success stories Industries Industries Industries Technology Products & Durables Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Automotive Retail Media and Entertainment Featured Customer success stories See how brands across the globe rely on GfK's world-class analytics Insights Insights Trending Topics Read all latest insights Jump to the sections on: Market dynamics and decision making What consumers want and need The omnichannel shopping world Brands in transition The sustainability imperative Technology Trends Featured Inspirations CMO Outlook Hub Insights from marketing leaders across the globe GfK Blog Tap into GfK`s expertise across a host of verticals and marketplace dynamics Thinking Ahead Podcast This is a podcast about research, innovation, and discovery. State of Tech & Durables Your full view on the Tech and Durables industry trends Data Partners About GfK Press Contact Careers gfknewron Login Consumer Tech & Durables Outlook 2024 Join us on March 21, at 10:00/15:00 CET to unpack the most significant innovation and consumer trends driving Tech & Durables spend this year. The Long-Term Strategy for AI Success? A Partner Who Delivers the “Full Package”: Experience, Human & Artificial Intelligence, and Best-in-Class Data Governance & Stewardship GfK booklet: Sales territory planning Field sales is changing – keep up with our territory planning booklet What is the reality of sales territory planning in companies? Get the results of this year's customer survey as an interactive document with descriptive charts as well as trends and developments around the sales force – in our free sales territory planning booklet. 1/3 Separately, we set the standard. Together, we raise the bar. For over 89 years, we have earned the trust of our clients around the world by solving critical questions in their decision-making process. We fuel their growth by providing a complete understanding of their consumers’ buying behavior, and the dynamics impacting their markets, brands and media trends. In 2023, GfK combined with NIQ, bringing together two industry leaders with unparalleled global reach. With a holistic retail read and the most comprehensive consumer insights - delivered with advanced analytics through state-of-the-art platforms - GfK drives “Growth from Knowledge”. Empowering brands and their leaders to be their best with trusted market intelligence, technological innovation, science, and human ingenuity. Learn more Strategize | Act | Thrive Optimize your brand and marketing performance Target your most valuable segments to improve brand strength, optimize your marketing, and drive ROI Learn more Accelerate and expand your sales & market growth Know what is selling where, when, and at what price based on robust point of sale data Learn more Amplify your consumer & shopper intelligence Discover your target customers to understand how they think, act and buy Learn more Uncover your audience's media consumption and behavior Measure who is consuming which media, when, how often, and on which platforms and devices Learn more Customer success stories View all success stories Putting intelligence at the heart of business strategy iRobot Japan uses gfknewron for data‑driven decision-making Read the iRobot story How IKEA improves its customer journey for stronger business results See how IKEA impresses its customers and improves its brand experience with GfK consumer insights data. Discover IKEA's success Navigating a dynamic and competitive marketplace Epson Spain uses gfknewron insights, simulations and forecasts to respond fast to emerging trends Read the Epson Spain story How Samsung Spain uses CIE to grow and protect its leading market position Different teams across Samsung Spain have developed a clear passion for the data and how it can transform a market, category or segment. Read the Samsung story A strong foundation for effective business planning Electrolux Nordics uses a rich understanding of the consumer journey to inform strategy and tactics Read the Electrolux story Planning aggressive and defensive sales strategies Vijay Sales uses GfK’s sales intelligence to drive trends, grow market share and increase margin Read the Vijay Sales story Building brand intelligence How Char-Broil measures and manages brand health and performance using sales tracking intelligence and ad-hoc studies from GfK Read Char-Broil's success story How Indurama uses gfknewron Predict Building and supporting strategic initiatives rooted in gfknewron Predict See how Indurama uses gfknewron Predict How Philips perfects product portfolios and performance Philips puts market intelligence at the center of its personal care category strategy in the MENA region Discover Philips success Maximizing pricing strategy to drive sales success Retailer Sathya relies on GfK to inform fast decisions on pricing to stay competitive Read the Sathya story Based on my experience: the gfknewron platform is an absolute outstanding data intelligence tool for peripherals products in the consumer market. I am overwhelmed of the quality of the user experience and content - and look forward to more to come." Oliver Theurich Peripherals Lead Central Europe, HP Germany Consumers are constantly exposed to brand messaging and other stimuli and so their purchase decision represents the combination of both emotional and rational aspects. Therefore, it is essential to understand all the factors that make a consumer prefer one brand over another. GfK’s new brand framework helped us do exactly this. Using the approach, we understood better how purchase decisions were made, and in particular how and why consumers switch between brands. GfK Brand Architect gave us new insights and it helped us develop more personalized experiences that better engage with our customers, and ultimately, help create their lifetime value for Nespresso. Graciela Bastida CRM Manager at Nespresso México Using gfknewron Predict improves the accuracy of our competitive assessment. Obtaining insights into models that are most similar to our own eases our analysis. The Promotion Planning tool helps to better understand our own and market promotion execution and allows us to improve the efficiency of the promotion budget. Li Ruiqing Product Manager, Haier Vietnam Our workshop with the GfK Consumer Life team was extremely valuable and gave us a deeper insight into consumers’ attitudes, concerns, and behaviors. All of our questions were answered in a way that will help us to further pursue our business objectives. We are looking forward to working together in the future. Vera Kockler Marketing Manager, trinamiX GmbH We chose GfK as partner to develop a robust research approach for our comprehensive CTV measurement project in Germany. This included the audit and campaign analysis for evaluation of how much incremental reach CTV can deliver for TV advertising campaigns. Their independent and trusted research expertise helped deliver a successful project involving five brands. The GfK team did a great job in coordination, data preparation and results debrief. We look forward to more joint projects. Andreas Gutjahr Director Communications, EMEA Mission-critical insights for marketing leaders Curated insights for marketing leaders with an eye on the future. Move at the pace of today’s business while shaping tomorrow’s. Get expert insights on key industry, market and consumer trends and developments, designed for you. Trending insights News Trailblazing Human vs AI debate wins award As industry leaders in AI-powered brand data insights, GfK-NIQ understands the importance of pushing boundaries with our own award-winning brand awareness campaigns. Read more Article Decoding campaign measurement: success beyond sales metrics In the evolving online landscape, gauging ad effectiveness and justifying marketing spend is increasingly important – and challenging. Marketers must transcend multiple obstacles, the attention issue in particular, to achieve optimal exposure with their valuable long-term brand-building campaigns. Find out more Article Data-driven Customer-centricity: The Secret Recipe of Business Success With customers four times more likely to buy from a competitor – and willing to pay them up to 10% more – delivering delightful service alongside an irresistible product is no longer just a ‘nice-to-have’. Find out more White Paper Supercharge your launch strategies with weekly data Explore how weekly MI Sales Tracking data will empower you to compete successfully in today’s challenging Tech and Durables market and steer your launches to commercial success. Read more Report Forrester study concluded 345% ROI and an investment payback in less than 6 month Understand the Total Economic Impact™ of gfknewron and discover the cost savings and business benefits enabled by the platform. Find out more Featured solution Envision. Strategize. Build. gfkconsult By combining GfK’s unrivaled human expertise, proprietary data insights and AI-backed technology, we provide strategic consultancy services and empower our clients to achieve sustainable brand growth and ROI optimization. Find out more about gfkconsult Our team: The shapers of tomorrow We are on a mission to drive sustainable growth for our people, our clients and the world around us. During our 80+ years, our progress as a company relied on extraordinary people who grow with us and pioneer disruptive methods. Join us Contact Share Contact us Send us your comments, questions, or feedback Contact us now Share Contact us GfK About GfK Press Careers Contact Supplier GfK in your country Quick links Insights Products A-Z Blog Data Partners Customer success stories Sitemap Legal Privacy notice Data protection Legal Responsible disclosure Fraud prevention Whistleblowing@GfK Cookie settings Client Portal Subscribe to GfK Insights Copyright © 2024. All rights reserved GfK About GfK Press Careers Contact Supplier GfK in your country Quick links Insights Products A-Z Blog Data Partners Customer success stories Sitemap Legal Privacy notice Data protection Legal Responsible disclosure Fraud prevention Whistleblowing@GfK Cookie settings Client Portal Subscribe to GfK Insights Copyright © 2024. All rights reserved Back to top