Oxford Reference - Answers with Authority We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.Find out more Update Jump to Content Personal Profile About News Subscriber Services Contact Us Help For Authors Oxford Reference Publications Pages Publications Pages Help Subject Archaeology Art & Architecture Bilingual dictionaries Classical studies Encyclopedias English Dictionaries and Thesauri History Language reference Law Linguistics Literature Media studies Medicine and health Music Names studies Performing arts Philosophy Quotations Religion Science and technology Social sciences Society and culture Browse All Reference Type Overview Pages Subject Reference Timelines Quotations English Dictionaries Bilingual Dictionaries Browse All My Content (0) Recently viewed (0) Save Entry My Searches (0) Recently viewed (0) Save Search Close Sign in You could not be signed in, please check and try again. Username Please enter your Username Password Please enter your Password Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign in via your Institution You could not be signed in, please check and try again. Sign in with your library card Please enter your library card number Answers With Authority Discover the best of Oxford University Press's reference titles on a dynamic digital platform Collection Options: Quick Reference: Core Dictionaries with short-entry answers Find out more > Reference Library: In-depth Encyclopedias and Companions Find out more > Download a full title list Free Research Tools: Historic Timelines Essential Quotations Subject Overviews Archaeology Art and Architecture Classical Studies History Language Reference Linguistics Explore by Subject Discover the breadth of Oxford Reference’s publishing by learning more about the titles and experts behind each distinct discipline. Select a panel to begin your research journey. Performing Arts Law Medicine and Health Media Studies Music Names Studies Literature Philosophy Quotations Religion Science and Technology Social Sciences Society and Culture Featured Title 2022 Oxford Encyclopedias of the Islamic World: Digital Collection An invaluable resource, The Oxford Encyclopedia of the Islamic World offers extensive comparative and systematic analyses of Islamic beliefs, institutions, movements, practices, and peoples on an international scale. The Digital Collection represents an online expansion of the project, featuring articles previously published on Oxford Islamic Studies Online, now exclusive on Oxford Reference... Read more > New & Noteworthy Did You Know? RSS Email updates signup In Australian slang 'the great Australian adjective' is a euphemism for which word? View the answer News FEBRUARY 22, 2024 What's New: February 2024 This month, one new Reference Library title has been added to the site. JANUARY 18, 2024 What's New: January 2024 This month, two new Reference Library titles have been added to the site. DECEMBER 14, 2023 What's New: December 2023 This month, three new Quick Reference editions and three Reference Library editions have been updated. We have also recently added one Reference Library title to the Oxford Reference Premium subscription at no additional cost to subscribers. RSS Feed More News » Oxford University Press Copyright © 2024. All rights reserved. PRINTED FROM OXFORD REFERENCE (www.oxfordreference.com). (c) Copyright Oxford University Press, 2023. All Rights Reserved. Under the terms of the licence agreement, an individual user may print out a PDF of a single entry from a reference work in OR for personal use (for details see Privacy Policy and Legal Notice). date: 05 March 2024 Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Legal Notice Credits Accessibility [42.114.151.67] 42.114.151.67