Petition Site: Start free online petitions Care2PETITIONSStart A PetitionbrowseSearchMENUSTAND FOR GOODProgress. Kindness. Community. Action.1271532347 SignaturesStart PetitionPETITIONS I STARTEDView AllSIGN TRENDING PETITIONS Ban the sale of puppy mill dogs at pet stores to end this cruel industry for good. by: North Shore Animal League America supporters Sign Now Greyhound Racing Is Causing Serious Overbreeding Problems in Australia by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now End Cruel Mink Farming to Prevent Future Pandemics by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now This Dog Organization Was Supposed to Help Animals. It Neglected Them to Death Instead. by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now Two Brothers Filmed Themselves Abusing Dogs and Wildlife. Demand Justice! by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now The US Is Leaving Gray Wolves Open to States' Cold-Blooded Murder Plans by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now Six Dogs Were Found Dead at an Alleged Dog Breeder's Home by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now Trans People in Florida Are Being Forced to Misgender Themselves in Order to Drive by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now The UK's Prime Minister Said He Cared About Climate Change. Now He's Avoiding Addressing It. by: Care2 Team supporters Sign Now Thank the judge who fined Trump for violating gag order — and tell him to send Trump to jail next time by: Left Action supporters Sign Now View All Animal Rights Women’s Rights Resist Trump LGBTQ Wildlife Human Rights Dog Meat Environment Children Racial Injustice California Canada UK MoreONLINE PETITIONS SUCCESSES!Tara’s Petition Caught the Attention of the New York Times and Resulted in a Happy Ending for Diggy & Dan!Dan Tillery and Diggy the American Bulldog knew, upon meeting, that they were meant for each other. Diggy had been at the shelter for months waiting for a forever home, and Dan was eager to provide it. Their first selfie as an official family was so adorable that it went viral, but that spelled bad news for Diggy and Dan. Police saw Diggy’s pic and assumed he was a pit bull -- a banned breed in Dan’s township. When Care2 member, Tara Vitale, heard this news, she created a Care2 petition demanding that Diggy be allowed to stay with his new family. More than 110,00 people signed, which attracted major media attention. Now, Diggy is home with Dan and getting all of the love he deserves. Brigham Young University to Stop Punishing Rape Victims.Madi Barney was a student at BYU, a Mormon university, when she was raped. After she reported her sexual assault to the police, the university responded by investigating her to see if she’d violated their “honor code” -- which prohibits alcohol, coffee, and premarital sex. Madi was not willing to stand by and be victimized by the very institution that should have offered her support, so she started a Care2 petition demanding amnesty for all BYU sexual assault survivors. After seven months of tireless advocacy, rallies, and collecting 117,000 signatures, her petition was successful! Because of Madi, BYU will be a safer place for all students. MetLife Speaks Up for Chimps Abandoned to Die When Donny Moss heard that the New York Blood Center (NYBC) had abandoned 67 former research chimps to die on barren islands, he was horrified. The non-profit had experimented on the chimpanzees for more than 30 years, and had promised to care for them upon their release. Donny decided he had to be the chimps’ voice, so he and the organization Their Turn created a Care2 petition. Following the money, they selected multinational corporation MetLife as the recipient of their petition. Since MetLife is NYBC’s largest donor, they had the power to compel NYBC to honor their agreement to care for the chimps. After more than 127,000 signatures and countless protests at MetLife headquarters, Donny’s petition was successful! The company issued a statement condemning the NYBC and has even suspended funding until the Center resolves the chimp abandonment crisis. Tammy Marie and Terry Jo Took a Stand Against Racist County Officials, and Won!Shortly after Donald Trump was elected President, Pamela Taylor Ramsey, a Clay County, West Virginia official made a disturbing Facebook post. She said, “It will be refreshing to have a classy, beautiful, dignified First Lady in the White House. I’m tired of seeing an Ape in Heels.” Not long after, Clay mayor Beverly Whaling endorsed the post. When Clay County residents, Tammy Marie Rose and Terry Jo Stone, saw this exchange, they were outraged. They started a Care2 petition demanding both government officials be fired for the racist comment. Within just a few days, their Care2 petition gathered more than 160,000 signatures and attracted national media coverage. Four days later, Ramsey had been removed from her post, Whaling resigned, and local political parties publicly announced renewed efforts to oppose racism.FIRST TIME STARTING A PETITION?Starting a Care2 petition is easy, and we help you— for free! Our petitions team is made up of people who are dedicated to the causes you care about, so we’re personally invested in your success! Simply start your petition (don’t worry, it doesn’t have to be perfect) and get the first 5+ signatures. We can help: Optimize it for Facebook Promote it Get news coverage Support on the ground protestsQuestions? Need Help? Contact Us!How to Start a Petition How to Get Signers Petition Examples Petition FAQCare2 helped us drive over 94,000 signatures on our petition to defend the Arctic. The staff mobilized supporters, creating impact that resonates. Whitney Clapper, Global Brand + Enviro Marketing Manager Activist University Powered By: Care2INTRODUCING ACTIVIST UNIVERSITYOur free program is unlike any other. With live video training sessions and a vast library of expert advice, Activist University will help you transform the world and inspire action for the causes you care about.We cover topics like:How to Write a Successful Petition The Best Ways to Get Signatures Social Media Sharing Techniques How to Get Media Coverage for Your Petition Organizing On-The-Ground Events How to Win Your PetitionWith your new skills, your petition will grab the attention of supporters and decision makers, alike. Together, we can do anything!Let's Go! "The best way to predict the future is to create it!" - Denis Gabor Start Petition Care2 Our Promise: Welcome to Care2, the world’s largest community for good. Here, you’ll find over 45 million like-minded people working towards progress, kindness, and lasting impact. Care2 Stands Against: bigots, racists, bullies, science deniers, misogynists, gun lobbyists, xenophobes, the willfully ignorant, animal abusers, frackers, and other mean people. If you find yourself aligning with any of those folks, you can move along, nothing to see here. Care2 Stands With: humanitarians, animal lovers, feminists, rabble-rousers, nature-buffs, creatives, the naturally curious, and people who really love to do the right thing. You are our people. You Care. We Care2. Start A Petition Petitions Home Successful Petitions About Petitions Activist University Petition Help Care2 Home Care2 Petitions About Us Partnerships Media Inquiry Contact Us Help EnglishDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlandsPortuguêsSvenska Copyright © 2024 Care2.com, inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved Terms of Service Do Not Sell My Info Privacy Policy