Home | Lehigh University Skip to main content About About University Statistics University Leadership Events & Venues News University Strategic Plan History Bethlehem & the Lehigh Valley Maps & Directions Diversity, Inclusion & Equity Jobs COVID-19 Information Center Learn LU Facts Find Maps View Events Academics Academics Undergraduate Studies Majors & Undergraduate Programs Graduate Studies Faculty Interdisciplinary Studies Entrepreneurship and Innovation Creative Inquiry Continuing Education Provost & Academic Affairs International University Catalog Summer Programs Our Colleges: College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Education College of Health P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science Browse Undergrad Majors Browse Grad Programs Research Research Research Centers & Institutes Student Research Experience Office of Research Graduate Education & Life Read Research Review Learn about Mountaintop Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Apply to Lehigh Visits & Tours Tuition, Aid & Affording College Admission Statistics Majors & Programs Academics at Lehigh Student Life at Lehigh Student Profiles Success After Graduation Lehigh Launch Contact Us & Admissions Counselors Information for: Transfer Students International Students School Counselors Graduate Admissions Apply Visit Request Info Student Life Student Life Clubs & Organizations Housing & Dining Student Health & Campus Safety Arts & Athletics Advocacy Centers Student Support & Transition to College Get Involved Browse Housing View Safety Info Athletics Athletics Prospective Student Athletes Radio & TV Broadcasts Camps & Clinics Venues & Directions Campus Athletics Tickets Watch Live Buy Tickets Browse Store Giving Giving GO Beyond: The Campaign for Future Makers Ways to Give Contact Us Make a Gift Students, Faculty & StaffParentsVisitorsAlumniMenu Pathing Navigation - New Nav Resources For Students, Faculty & Staff Parents Visitors Alumni Pathing navigation Students, Faculty & Staff Parents Visitors Alumni Search the Lehigh Website Search X Learn why we're built for tomorrow's challenges Inspiring Future Makers Lehigh is a community of future makers. The 7,000+ undergraduate and graduate students on our picturesque campus are inspired to think deeply, driven to create pragmatic solutions, and encouraged to innovate collaboratively. Our faculty and staff are committed to creating an inclusive and dynamic community dedicated to positively impacting the future. Academics at Lehigh University Our academic approach fosters a culture of innovation, promotes intellectual risk-taking, and embraces cross-disciplinary strategies that drive transformative research, discovery and impact. Explore Academics Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Interdisciplinary Opportunities Engaged Research Entrepreneurship and Innovation Global Experiences Nahjiah Miller 24 Journalism Major As a Global Social Impact Fellow working with mothers in Sierra Leone, every day was a new experience. The work made me think, ‘This is who I want to be.’ I want to give those without voices a voice by telling their stories. Browse Majors & Undergraduate Programs Student to Faculty Ratio 10:1 student-to-faculty ratio Graduate Starting Salary $75K average starting salary of 2022 graduates Wall Street Journal Ranking 14th in the U.S. as ranked by The Wall Street Journal/College Pulse Explore the Numbers College of Arts & Sciences College of Business College of Health P.C. Rossin College of Engineering & Applied Science College of Education Research Lehigh Launches Oceans Research Center The new research center will focus on marine science and address the most pressing questions facing the Earth’s oceans. An inaugural research symposium showcases the ongoing research into the Earth’s oceans by Lehigh faculty, undergraduate and graduate students and postdoctoral scholars. Read the Article University News Artifacts Found on Lehigh Land Returned More than 90 Native American artifacts were found. The artifacts, one of which is estimated to be about 3,000 years old, include complete tools made of jasper, quartz and chalcedony. They will be returned to Delaware Nation, which plans to display them in a new museum to be located in Anadarko, Oklahoma. Read the Article Events and Speakers Leon Panetta: ‘The Strength of America is in its People’ The former U.S. Secretary of Defense discusses national security and calls youth to public service during Compelling Perspectives program. The program, which debuted this academic year, aims to create a forum for fostering respectful discourse among differing perspectives on issues of critical and societal importance. Read the Article Student Experience Lehigh 360: A Database for High-Impact Programs The new, searchable database launched in October 2023. The initiative democratizes access to opportunities at Lehigh by helping students explore available programs. A future partnership will integrate machine learning and artificial intelligence to recommend programs based on students’ interests and past experiences. Read the Article Select a Category TopicAcademics and CollegesAlumniArts and CultureEvents and SpeakersDiversity, Inclusion and EquityHealth, Safety and WellnessGlobalResearchStudent ExperienceAthleticsUniversity News Apply AthleticsPROFILE: Gabby Schneider ’23 ’24G, Lehigh Women’s Lacrosse Events and SpeakersLiz Cheney: ‘We Can't Survive a President who Goes to War With the Constitution’ AthleticsFrom Nationally Ranked to ECHA Champion, Lehigh Men's Hockey Reaches New Heights See All Stories An Unmatched Student Experience Lehigh boasts a vibrant campus community, rigorous academics, a commitment to student belonging and a track record of strong graduate outcomes. This is Lehigh. Life on Campus Residential living on a stunning campus is the ideal setting for personal and academic growth. Prepared for success after college 95% Prepared for Success after College Among those in the Class of 2022, 95% were employed, continuing education or pursuing military or volunteer service within six months of graduation. See Student Outcomes Diversity & Inclusion Lehigh is dedicated to creating a sense of belonging for every community member. Something for Everyone 200+ Something for Everyone With 200-plus clubs, including 41 sports and 22 Greek organizations, students find diverse extracurricular opportunities at Lehigh. Browse Extracurriculars Research for Impact Lehigh’s research focuses on critical areas of significant impact, employing interdisciplinary approaches to tackle complex global challenges and yield concrete outcomes. The Ethics of Xenotransplantation Michael Gusmano examines the ethics and politics of animal-to-human organ transplants. Read the Article School Shootings and Violence Against Women Nicole Johnson leads study that could help shape strategies to prevent future shootings. Read the Article Want to Prevent Misinformation? New research explores a solution using interactive data visualization to inform and engage readers. Read the Article Gun Violence Reporting: Does it Harm Survivors? NIH grant to fund research. Read the Article Previous Next Future Makers From the classroom to the community, both on campus and around the world, Lehigh students, faculty and alumni are Future Makers, working to enact positive change. Xiaoji Xu | Faculty, Department of Chemistry Imaging the Nanoscale +Flip Xiaoji Xu | Faculty, Department of Chemistry Imaging the Nanoscale Xiaoji Xu develops methods and instruments for chemical measurement and imaging at the nanoscale level. He has won several awards, including being named a 2020 Sloan Research Fellow. +Flip Brooke Eby | Driving Awareness Through Humor +Flip Brooke Eby 10 | Alumnus, Business Information Systems Driving Awareness Through Humor Discover how Eby's unexpected diagnosis led her to use humor and social media influence to raise awareness and substantial funds for ALS research, defying the disease's devastating effects. +Flip Zemichael Gebeyehu | Student, Mechanical Engineering & Mechanics Taking On Tomorrow’s Challenges +Flip Zemichael Gebeyehu 24 | Student, Mechanical Engineering & Mechanics Taking On Tomorrow’s Challenges Ethiopian international student Gebeyehu co-founded Lehigh’s Space Initiative Club. Gebeyehu aspires to collaborate with the United Nations to enhance space programs in developing nations. +Flip Ready to Get Started? Students who want to challenge themselves inside and outside the classroom while striving to make an impact on the world will find an ideal fit at Lehigh. Here, you’ll have a supportive learning and living experience that prepares you for the challenges of today, and tomorrow. Join us. Explore Undergraduate Admissions Explore Graduate Admissions Student Life Bed Races, which occur each year during Rivalry Week, feature decked-out student teams who race down a closed Packer Avenue to compete for the championship title. Inspired Research Researchers Davison and Jagota work on an NSF grant studying DNA-wrapped carbon nanotubes that detect molecular biomarkers for cancer and other diseases. Global Perspective Students from three dozen countries celebrate International Education Week with an annual Flag Parade. Lehigh is home to 1100+ international students. On South Mountain A behind-the-scenes look at how the admissions office operates - ASMR edition!View on the @LehighAdmissions TikTok > See More Photos Picturesque Campus A snowy day on South Mountain? Yes please!View on @LehighU Instagram Reels > Innovative Academics Earth & environmental science professor Michelle Elise Spicer ’12 ’14G trains students on tree-climbing safety as part of a forest ecology course. Innovative Academics The College of Arts & Sciences’ first-year seminar “Can AI Make Art” explores the role generative AI can play within creative and artistic work. On South Mountain The campus community comes together for the announcement of a new philanthropic campaign goal, GO Beyond: The Campaign for Future Makers. See More Photos Inspired Research Lehigh commits to research and partnerships with Delaware Nation to help preserve and protect tribal nations. Innovative Academics Lehigh Global Social Impact Fellows headed to the Philippines to explore sustainable solutions, addressing issues within low-income communities. Student Life As part of Orientation weekend, hundreds of first-year students explore South Bethlehem restaurants as part of Faux Friday. On South Mountain The Wall Street Journal ranks Lehigh No. 14 out of the 400 best colleges in America. Inspired Research Researchers have partnered with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to understand and reduce toxic pollutants in Allentown. Mountain Hawks Lehigh Women’s Basketball makes history, scoring 106 points, which marked a single-game record for most points in a game, in a 106-60 win over La Salle. The previous record (103) was set in 1977 against Albright. On South Mountain Theresa May, former prime minister of the United Kingdom, discussed issues of national security as the inaugural speaker for the new Compelling Perspectives program. Innovative Academics Mountaintop Campus has a fresh new look for the academic year, embracing and implementing initiatives from the Strategic Plan. Inspiring The Future Makers The Lehigh University Strategic Plan articulates a shared vision for new directions and bold possibilities. Many wonder what the future holds. At Lehigh, we shape it together. Learn about our Strategic Plan GO Beyond: The Campaign for Future Makers The ambitious next phase of Lehigh’s powerful fundraising and engagement campaign invites the entire university community to help shape Lehigh’s future. Vist the Campaign website 27 Memorial Drive West Bethlehem, PA 18015 USA Phone: (610) 758-3100 Social Media Follow Lehigh on Facebook Follow Lehigh on Instagram Follow Lehigh on LinkedIn Follow Lehigh on YouTube Follow Lehigh on TikTok Follow Lehigh on Threads Our Campus Equitable Community Directory Contact Maps The Lehigh Store Resources Emergency Info Web Accessibility Lehigh Mobile App Report a Concern Policies and Reports Higher Education Opportunity Act Non-Discrimination Security & Fire Safety Report Terms of Service Terms of Use Privacy © 2024 All rights reserved.