The latest Marketing, Advertising, Digital & Media news | The Drum back to thedrum.com Advertisement The Drum Awards for Marketing - Entry Deadline -d -h -min -sec Enter now Skip to content Sign up for The Drum’s Daily Newsletter and get the latest insights and analysis straight to your inbox Today’s must-reads antitrust Experts deem Apple’s $2bn fine over Spotify complaint empty optics – or DMA plan rebuke European regulators are cracking down on Apple’s App Store practices. But many economics and competition policy experts say the penalty doesn’t make sense. Kendra Barnett Senior Reporter, The Drum World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings 2024: VML’s Debbi Vandeven tops CCO league table Opinion We’ve reached peak Stanley. Now the reusable craze needs to be quenched Agency Advice ‘No such thing as too much emotion,’ but should brands earn the right to make weepy ads? Just Eat Ad of the Day: Just Eat introduces new characters by Wes Anderson’s puppet maker Opinion Most CMOs want innovation. Most don’t understand it is a spectrum World Creative Rankings show all The World Creative Rankings is your definitive guide to the people behind the best work, the companies that create it and the brands that value it. Dive into the lists. Find your ranking. See the standout campaigns and be inspired by the most awarded work. World Creative Rankings Ari Weiss on leaving DDB to launch indie: ‘You’re only as good as your latest bit’ World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings: Vicki Maguire on being a storyteller World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings 2024: VML’s Debbi Vandeven tops CCO league table World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings 2024: Rethink heads up world’s most-awarded agencies Most popular right now Agency Advice Creatives tell us how to find the Goldilocks zone for emotional storytelling in ads The Drum Network Has the Nike Air bubble popped for gen Z? World Creative Rankings ‘Investment in creativity paying off,’ says Read as WPP tops World Creative Rankings gap The unusual story of how Gap revived its iconic dancing ads From our columnists show all In 2023, Stanley revenue rose from $75m to $750m. The twisted thing is that something aiming to do so much good has become a beacon of everything wrong with consumerism. Iona Ratcliffe With a strong enough brand, you can confidently stretch into new categories. So, now we have Beyonce, the cowgirl. And it feels natural., like she was always wearing a Stetson. Sedge Beswick We've seen an influx of the same briefs littered inanely with the same C-word. Cuture. It's a shame so few brands have the self-awareness to do it right. Conall McAteer Latest creative work show all ConEd ‘Where Clean Energy Lives’ by Code and Theory Eastpak ‘Built to Resist’ B&Q ‘You Can Do It’ by Uncommon Cadbury ‘Worldwide Hide’ by VCCP Awards Case Studies show all Experience Case Studies Rethink on how it took Torontonians window shopping with Ikea The Drum Awards for Marketing EMEA Inside the trespassing warning that’s helping keep kids off the train tracks The Drum Awards for Marketing APAC WiredCo helped Indeed prepare Australia for the 7-second résumé The Drum Awards for Marketing APAC Tuvalu became a digital nation to spark global action for climate change mitigation Subscriber-only show all Asia Pacific After a slow year in APAC, should agencies expect faster growth in 2024? Agency Advice ‘No such thing as too much emotion,’ but should brands earn the right to make weepy ads? World Creative Rankings Inside BETC Paris’s decade-in-the-making offensive on English-speaking ad world Agency Advice ‘Feeling machines who think’: how ad creatives can reach the heart through the head Shopping in the messy middle Sarah Ashley & Pablo Perez from Google’s Market Insights team explore the different factors that come into play at the moment of purchase, explaining how simple applications of behavioral science can have a big impact on consumer decision-making - and where customers ultimately buy from. Featured video Partner content find out more Promoted Where to spend and where to save: balancing travel costs Promoted Advertising amid political polarization: insights from The Drum, The Independent and others Promoted Elevate your brand with data-driven digital OOH advertising in APAC Promoted The marketer’s moment: an essential guide to advertising measurement in 2024 Predictions 2024 show all Promoted Advertising amid political polarization: insights from The Drum, The Independent and other... Promoted New year, new focus: top resolutions for 2024 – and why it matters to marketers predictions 2024 Measuring effectiveness, retail media, AI and first-party data will dominate 2024 Promoted AI for CX: a little more conversation, a little less (in)action Marketing show all Opinion Advertising is hooked on culture-washing. I think there's a better way M&C Saatchi S&E’s Conall McAteer agrees with brands that say they ‘want to get close to culture,’ he just thinks few do it very well. Conall McAteer Creative director, M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Opinion We’ve reached peak Stanley. Now the reusable craze needs to be quenched gen z How do gen Zers want the marketing industry to change? Opinion As influencers replace journalists, a ‘jinfluencer’ is born Opinion Beyonce’s country rebrand offers a masterclass in entering new categories Promoted Advertising amid political polarization: insights from The Drum, The Independent and others Agencies show all World Creative Rankings Ari Weiss on leaving DDB to launch indie: ‘You’re only as good as your latest bit’ Quality Experience’s Ari Weiss – one of the best creatives in the business, according to our World Creative Rankings – discusses his decision to follow a successful career at DDB with indie agency launch. Sam Bradley Senior Reporter, The Drum Asia Pacific After a slow year in APAC, should agencies expect faster growth in 2024? Agency Advice ‘No such thing as too much emotion,’ but should brands earn the right to make weepy ads? World Creative Rankings Inside BETC Paris’s decade-in-the-making offensive on English-speaking ad world Agency Advice ‘Feeling machines who think’: how ad creatives can reach the heart through the head World Creative Rankings ‘Divine discontent’: how Ogilvy connects creativity to commercial growth Creativity show all St Luke's Ad of the Day: South Western Railway highlights staff abuse in shocking OOH push Devised by indie agency St Luke’s, the campaign hopes to reiterate that comments can stay with people and affect their mental health. Amy Houston Senior Reporter, The Drum Entertainment marketing: movies, TV, music and gaming Ahead of The Oscars, what are ad execs’ favorite ever movie marketing campaigns? World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings: Vicki Maguire on being a storyteller California Cheerful campaign tempts tourists bound for California; ‘Let’s play’ Haribo Fishermen discuss Loch Ness Monster in latest ‘Kids’ Voices’ spot for Haribo World Creative Rankings World Creative Rankings 2024: VML’s Debbi Vandeven tops CCO league table Media show all Channel 4 Channel 4 lifts the lid on how its creative sales unit works with Clarins, TikTok and more Data Biden’s crackdown on sales of Americans’ data to China & Russia reverberates across adland Google 32 media groups levy $2.3bn antitrust suit against Google over its adtech practices media Vice.com shutters & BuzzFeed sells Complex – what explains the death of millennial media? Open Mic How digital retail media is transforming the relationship between brands and consumers Future of TV We ask marketers: Will the TV ad ‘slump’ keep getting worse, or is change coming? Future of TV FuboTV sues Disney, Fox & Warner Bros Discovery over joint sports streaming plans walmart Walmart’s $2.3bn Vizio buyout will help retailer compete against Amazon & Roku in CTV Sign up for your Daily Dose of Marketing Insights Sign up now The Drum TV show all Marketer's AI Survival Guide Trusting the AI Blueprint with Emma Chalwin from Workday 2 mins Marketer's AI Survival Guide Mastering the AI Storm with Raja Rajamannar from Mastercard 4 mins The Drum @ WEF Will AI crown the CMO Chief of Chiefs? 52 mins The Drum @ WEF Can AI Help Marketers Save the World? 53 mins Advertisement Sustainability show all Opinion We’ve reached peak Stanley. Now the reusable craze needs to be quenched sustainability ConEd’s ‘Where Clean Energy Lives’ campaign transforms NYC’s power grid & consciousness Promoted Where to spend and where to save: balancing travel costs bmw BMW and MG ads banned over zero-emissions claims sustainability Spoof public health campaign calls for SUV ad ban B Corp Havas B Corp status at risk after Shell win and open letter triggers official probe Opinion 2024 is the tipping point for climate comms, marketers must trust the science Generative AI How should ad agencies measure the environmental cost of their AI use? Tech show all antitrust Experts deem Apple’s $2bn fine over Spotify complaint empty optics – or DMA plan rebuke Elon Musk Weekly AI recap: Musk sues OpenAI, Google (sorta) apologizes for Gemini controversy Interpublic Group IPG teams up with Adobe to bring AI-powered content to clients Promoted Elevate your brand with data-driven digital OOH advertising in APAC JBL JBL launches sonic playground ‘JBL Land’ in Roblox to redefine self-expression AI Weekly AI recap: Gemini comes under the microscope, Nvidia’s golden earnings report Opinion Is the TikTok algorithm actually killing music’s groove? Promoted AI solutions for digital advertisers to boost campaign efficacy in Europe Open Mic show all This promoted content is produced by a publishing partner of Open Mic. A paid-for membership product for partners of The Drum to self-publish their news, opinions and insights on The Drum - Find out more Tagger by Sprout Social Marketing leaders, it’s time to go all-in on social media customer care - here's why Open Media Why brands are tapping into the potential of out of home advertising AdsWizz Audio advertising: How brands can build trust through emotional and contextual connection Remerge 5 crucial insights from mobile leaders on privacy-first advertising Acxiom The cookie's finally crumbling: here’s what marketers do (and don’t) need to worry about Awin The opportunities of retail media: How the affiliate marketing channel can support Playable Mother's Day marketing: Insights and campaign strategies for 2024 AppsFlyer We asked 1,000 app marketers about their jobs in 2024 - here's what they said The Drum Network show all The Drum Network is a global membership club for agency leaders, sharing their expertise with the wider industry. Learn more The Drum Network As a motherless marketer, I say the industry needs to do better on Mother’s Day Mother’s Day in the UK is this weekend, bringing with it the predictable deluge of ads. But, asks Vanessa Fuss, do brands realize the harm they can do to people who have lost their mothers? Vanessa Fuss Managing Director, Strategy & Insights at BAV Group, VML The Drum Network ‘Depth marketing’: How can it revolutionize your approach to new business? The Drum Network Has the Nike Air bubble popped for gen Z? The Drum Network Is it time to label ultra-processed foods? The Drum Network As agencies and consultancies converge, who can really deliver? The Drum Network Space travel is the next frontier in tourism, but is it a marketing opportunity? The Drum Network Digital innovation in hospitality makes for simpler customer experiences The Drum Network Pringles & Caviar: The unlikeliest brand collaborations often work the best The Drum Network Food & drink brands cannot ‘win on taste’ alone The Responsible Marketing Hub find out more Content created in partnership with Google Promoted The marketer’s moment: an essential guide to advertising measurement in 2024 Promoted Embrace, invest & evolve: marketing leaders who seize AI at scale ‘will get the edge’ Promoted How a leading car finance broker is driving marketing performance on a privacy-first web Promoted Data Privacy Day 2024: Google’s checklist for CMOs Marketing can change the world. About Advertise with us Calendar Careers Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Sitemap © Carnyx Group Ltd 2022 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.