Black News, Business, Politics, Culture & More Skip to content Close Search for: Search Entertainment News Lifestyle Videos Politics Sports Celebrity News World Africa Latin America Caribbean Fashion & Beauty TV Subscribe Contribute Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Primary Menu Entertainment News Lifestyle World Videos Subscribe Contribute Atlanta Black Star Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Trending Topics Latest News ‘I Haven’t Paid My Rent In Six Months’: ‘Euphoria’ Star Pleads with On-Screen Daughter Zendaya to Stop Delay of Season 3 By Nicole Duncan-Smith | 21 mins ago | Entertainment Actress and comedian Nika King has been keeping busy on the stand-up comedy circuit during the hiatus of the popular series “Euphoria.” “Euphoria” is the […] Trump Is Having a Hard Time Keeping Obama’s Name Out of His Mouth, Mistakes Obama for Biden In Latest ‘Intentional’ Gaffe By Ashley Williams | 2 hours ago | News As former president Donald Trump tried to throw jabs at President Joe Biden during a Virginia rally by calling him “the worst president … who […] ‘What Had Happened Was’: Jamie Foxx Addresses ‘Cloning’ Accusations Nearly One Year After Medical Scare By Nicole Duncan-Smith | 3 hours ago | Entertainment Comedic actor Jamie Foxx is going back to his stand-up roots with a bit called “What Had Happened Was,” where he will address the many […] ‘Dune: Part Two’: A Staggering Spectacle That Lacks Narrative Depth But Possesses Plenty of White Saviorism By Sneha Bengani | 13 hours ago | Entertainment The sequel to the 2021 blockbuster opens by declaring the underlying reality that governs all of what happens in Frank Herbert’s apocalyptic, futuristic universe — […] ‘The Only Regret You Have Is That You’re Finally Facing the Consequences’: Judge Sentences New York Man to More Than 25 Years for Fatally Shooting Woman Who Entered His Driveway By Ashley Williams | 13 hours ago | News A New York judge has sentenced a man to more than 25 years in prison after he was found guilty of murder for fatally shooting […] Two of James Brown’s Daughters Share How They Learned to Forgive Their ‘Flawed’ Father After Seeing Him Abuse Their Mother By Nicole Duncan-Smith | 13 hours ago | Entertainment The daughters of soul singer James Brown, celebrated for his 1966 hit song “It’s a Man’s World,” have opened up about their shocking childhood and […] Elijah McClain’s Mother’s Outraged at Sentence for Paramedic Who Cried and Begged Judge for Mercy; Receives ‘Bare Minimum’ 5-Year Prison By Yasmeen Freightman | 16 hours ago | News The mother of Elijah McClain spoke out about the sentencing of one of the Colorado paramedics who was tried and convicted in her 23-year-old son’s […] Black Twitter Came Together to Rail on a Racist Podcaster Who Called Halle Bailey ‘Ugly and Compared Her to E.T., Her Boyfriend DDG Responds By Angelina Velasquez | 17 hours ago | Celebrity News Black Twitter is showing no mercy for “Slightly Offensive” podcaster Elijah Schaffer over his history of racist remarks and critical assessment of Halle Bailey’s beauty. […] Deadly Chaos In Haiti: 12 Killed As Gangs Storm Prisons In Port-Au-Prince, Freeing Nearly 4,000 Inmates By A.L. Lee | 18 hours ago | News Haiti declared a state of emergency and imposed a nighttime curfew following a chaotic and deadly surge of violence in which armed gangs raided the […] Serena Williams’ Unrecognizable Look Comes Under Attack From Critics Who Say ‘Her Melanin Is Damn Near Faded’ By Angelina Velasquez | 19 hours ago | Celebrity News Serena Williams dazzles on and off the tennis court, but her recent presence in the star-studded audiences of runway shows during 2024 Paris Fashion Week […] Oklahoma High School Under Fire After Video Shows Students Licking Each Other’s Toes During Fundraising Event; Officials Open Investigation By Taylor Ardrey | 20 hours ago | News An Oklahoma high school is facing intense backlash after students were captured on video licking feet during a fundraising event. A viral video posted on X, formerly […] Critics Say Jess Hilarious ‘Learned Nothing’ from Mocking Chadwick Boseman’s Weight Loss Before His 2020 Death from Cancer By Angelina Velasquez | 21 hours ago | Entertainment Jess Hilarious claims to have learned that making a joke at another person’s expense is not always worth the applause and laughter. In a recent […] Reverse Mortgage Loan Battle: Community Stepping In to Help 80-Year-Old Civil Rights Activist In Jeopardy of Losing His Longtime Home By Taylor Ardrey | 23 hours ago | News A Florida nonprofit law group has announced it is helping an 80-year-old civil rights activist who is at risk of losing his longtime home. Arthur […] Chicago Activist Revives Call for Reparations Amid Outrage Over Mayor’s Payouts to Migrants By A.L. Lee | 23 hours ago | News A Chicago activist has revived a reparations campaign that calls for an annual exemption from property taxes after Mayor Brandon Johnson approved $9,000 housing payouts to […] ‘One Love’: All About Bob Marley’s Mother, Cedella Marley, and His Three Half-Siblings By Nicole Duncan-Smith | 1 day ago | Entertainment “Bob Marley: One Love” emerged as the highest-grossing movie domestically for its initial two weeks, amassing an astounding $196.5M solely in the United States following […] ‘I’m Mad At Everybody’: Houston Woman Evicted from Property She’s Lived In for Nearly 50 Years Says She Doesn’t Recall Signing It Away By Taylor Ardrey | 1 day ago | News A Texas senior citizen says she was booted from her Houston residence that she has occupied since 1977, although she doesn’t recall putting the property […] ‘This Is Too Sad’: Nicole Murphy Goes Silent on Social Media Following Reports That Her Boyfriend Died from Cancer By Nicole Duncan-Smith | 1 day ago | Celebrity News Friends and loved ones of Hollywood socialite Nicole Murphy are reportedly mourning the loss of her boyfriend, Warren Braithwaite, who died from cancer. The news […] BMW Blasted for Seemingly Going Back on Their Promise to Gift ‘Who TF Did I Marry’ TikToker Reesa Teesa Her Dream Car By Angelina Velasquez | 2 days ago | Lifestyle BMW has some explaining to do after seemingly piggybacking on the virality of content creator Reesa Teesa’s 50-part “Who TF Did I Marry?” series as […] Load More Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Featured Story ‘Who’s This Kid?’: Outraged Mom Says Her Once Outgoing Teen Became Unrecognizable After Hours on Social Media; She’s Taking Legal Action to Hold TikTok Accountable News Trump Is Having a Hard Time Keeping Obama’s Name Out of His Mouth, Mistakes Obama for Biden In Latest ‘Intentional’ Gaffe Latest News News ‘The Only Regret You Have Is That You’re Finally Facing the Consequences’: Judge Sentences New York Man to More Than 25 Years for Fatally Shooting Woman Who Entered His Driveway News Elijah McClain’s Mother’s Outraged at Sentence for Paramedic Who Cried and Begged Judge for Mercy; Receives ‘Bare Minimum’ 5-Year Prison News Deadly Chaos In Haiti: 12 Killed As Gangs Storm Prisons In Port-Au-Prince, Freeing Nearly 4,000 Inmates News Oklahoma High School Under Fire After Video Shows Students Licking Each Other’s Toes During Fundraising Event; Officials Open Investigation Entertainment ‘I Haven’t Paid My Rent In Six Months’: ‘Euphoria’ Star Pleads with On-Screen Daughter Zendaya to Stop Delay of Season 3 Entertainment Entertainment ‘What Had Happened Was’: Jamie Foxx Addresses ‘Cloning’ Accusations Nearly One Year After Medical Scare Entertainment ‘Dune: Part Two’: A Staggering Spectacle That Lacks Narrative Depth But Possesses Plenty of White Saviorism Entertainment Two of James Brown’s Daughters Share How They Learned to Forgive Their ‘Flawed’ Father After Seeing Him Abuse Their Mother Celebrity News Black Twitter Came Together to Rail on a Racist Podcaster Who Called Halle Bailey ‘Ugly and Compared Her to E.T., Her Boyfriend DDG Responds Sports Russell Westbrook Demeaned by White Basketball Fan Calling Him ‘Boy’ During Heated Courtside Exchange ‘It Boggles the Mind’: State Auditor Slams Brett Favre for Thinking He Was ‘Entitled’ to $730K In Mississippi Welfare Funds, Demands Repayment ‘We Value What It Represents’: MLB, Baseball Clubs to Replace Jackie Robinson Statue Stolen and Destroyed In Kansas The Center Social Influencer Says He Pays His Wife $250K Annually to be a Stay-at-Home Mom Stirring Reactions Online ‘Black Don’t Crack’: Stunning Photo of Virginia State University’s 1994 Cheer Squad Dressed Up Today In Their College Uniforms Goes Viral Flight Attendant Suffers Through 14-Hour Commute Back and Forth to Work Business Panda Express Is Going After a Black Food Truck Owner Claiming Her Trademark Causes ‘Harm’ to Their Brand Navy Federal Credit Union Disputes Alarming Report That Shows It Denied Most of Its Black Mortgage Applicants In 2022 Radio Host Frank Ski Says It’s ‘Almost Impossible to Give Good Service to Black People’ at Town Hall Addressing Aftermath of Keith Lee Atlanta Visit Must Reads featured Santa Monica’s Ebony Beach Club: The City Took His Land to Build a Parking Lot That Never Was, Now Silas White’s Descendants Are Fighting to Reclaim the Stolen Land and Dream News ‘Admission’: San Francisco Issues Official Apology to Black Residents for Centuries of ‘Systemic and Structural Discrimination’ Politics New York Attorney General Letitia James Keeps Coming Out on Top, Scores Major Legal Victories Against Trump and the NRA Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Atlanta Black Star is a narrative company. We publish narratives intentionally and specifically to enlighten and transform the world. Contact us: [email protected] Subscribe Sign up to receive The Atlanta Black Star Newsletter in your inbox. Sign Up Subscribe Sign up to receive The Atlanta Black Star Newsletter in your inbox. First Name: Last Name: Email: Contribute Contribute to Atlanta Black Star today and help us share our narratives. Contribute Now Contribute Contribute to Atlanta Black Star today and help us share our narratives. Enter Contribution Amount Make Contributions Recurring Daily Weekly Monthly Yearly Number of Installments? Never End 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Login About us Careers Legal Notice Copyright Policy Privacy Statement User Agreement Editorial Policy