Katie Davis: Author, Entrepreneur, #1 Amazon Bestseller For Writers Shop Books Coaching About Writers’ Block Login FAQ Speaking Blog Contact Hi! I'm Katie.Author, Illustrator, Podcaster.Co-founder, Picture Book Summit, founder of The Writers' Block membership.Napper. Sarah Albee, attendee“Hi Katie–thanks for the hugely helpful workshop today. You did a great job explaining a lot of information to a group of people at very different levels of tech-saviness!”Sarah Albee, attendeeNew England Society of Children’s Book Writer’s and Illustrators Conference Sarah Albee, attendee“Hi Katie–thanks for the hugely helpful workshop today. You did a great job explaining a lot of information to a group of people at very different levels of tech-saviness!”Sarah Albee, attendeeNew England Society of Children’s Book Writer’s and Illustrators Conference Julie Zwiebel, LMS“I had a great time at Katie’s workshop at the School Library Media Specialists SE NY Spring Symposium. The topics were relevant and exciting (QR codes – wow!). It was a pleasure to see her book and to learn how she incorporates technology into her work as an author and illustrator – it was truly in...Read MoreJulie Zwiebel, LMS Julie Zwiebel, LMS“I had a great time at Katie’s workshop at the School Library Media Specialists SE NY Spring Symposium. The topics were relevant and exciting (QR codes – wow!). It was a pleasure to see her book and to learn how she incorporates technology into her work as an author and illustrator – it was truly inspiring. I would love to have Katie as a guest speaker at my school!”Julie Zwiebel, LMS Royanna Jackson, attendee & Bellamy Elementary School“I loved talking to you during our Skype this week at NCCAT. I am still working on my book about Kindergarteners taking over the school and the chaos that follows. I do have a voice of reason little K’r that is rather funny I think you would like. Thank you for your advice. You rock!”Royanna Jackson, attendee & Bellamy Elementary SchoolNCCATS Teacher Seminar in North Carolina Royanna Jackson, attendee & Bellamy Elementary School“I loved talking to you during our Skype this week at NCCAT. I am still working on my book about Kindergarteners taking over the school and the chaos that follows. I do have a voice of reason little K’r that is rather funny I think you would like. Thank you for your advice. You rock!”Royanna Jackson, attendee & Bellamy Elementary SchoolNCCATS Teacher Seminar in North Carolina Loree SmithI love Love LOVE skyping with you! Thanks for all the advice for us North Carolina teachers.Loree Smith Loree SmithI love Love LOVE skyping with you! Thanks for all the advice for us North Carolina teachers.Loree Smith Debbie Gebbie, Union County Public SchoolsI REALLY enjoyed your skype visit today as well as your books, which are perfect for my 3-4 year-old students with disabilities. I will definately keep up with your website, which has fantastic info. Thanks for sharing your knowledge! If I can figure out twitter I will write somethingDebbie GebbieUnion County Public Schools Debbie Gebbie, Union County Public SchoolsI REALLY enjoyed your skype visit today as well as your books, which are perfect for my 3-4 year-old students with disabilities. I will definately keep up with your website, which has fantastic info. Thanks for sharing your knowledge! If I can figure out twitter I will write somethingDebbie GebbieUnion County Public Schools Jayne Pitt, Kindergarten teacher, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, CT“I’m usually a bit ‘ho-hum’ when it comes to author visits but (Katie was) one to change my mind! (She) connects in a very positive way to kindergarteners. (She also knew how to efficiently manage behavior and I do have a few challenges this year!) I love how (Katie) ‘thinks out loud’ when talking a...Read MoreJayne Pitt, Kindergarten teacher, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, CT Jayne Pitt, Kindergarten teacher, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, CT“I’m usually a bit ‘ho-hum’ when it comes to author visits but (Katie was) one to change my mind! (She) connects in a very positive way to kindergarteners. (She also knew how to efficiently manage behavior and I do have a few challenges this year!) I love how (Katie) ‘thinks out loud’ when talking about imagination – very powerful.” Katie gave us…the best ever writing session, and I truly mean it!”Jayne Pitt, Kindergarten teacher, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, CT Stephanie Conashevick, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT.“The kids laughed and enjoyed her creative funny characters. We’ll use them to help develop topics for writing after the visit.”Stephanie Conashevick, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT. Stephanie Conashevick, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT.“The kids laughed and enjoyed her creative funny characters. We’ll use them to help develop topics for writing after the visit.”Stephanie Conashevick, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT. Marjorie Mantie, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT.“Great discussion of where authors get their ideas!”Marjorie Mantie, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT. Marjorie Mantie, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT.“Great discussion of where authors get their ideas!”Marjorie Mantie, teacher, Chester Elementary, Chester, CT. Amy O’Neill, Teacher Librarian, Prospect Valley Elementary“I just wanted to thank you for your great visits with our kindergarten classes today. It is so clear how well you understand kindergarten and engage them in your presentation. They had a fabulous time. Kindergarten has field day next week and they are all going to wear their Little Chicken tattoos....Read MoreAmy O’Neill, Teacher Librarian, Prospect Valley Elementary Amy O’Neill, Teacher Librarian, Prospect Valley Elementary“I just wanted to thank you for your great visits with our kindergarten classes today. It is so clear how well you understand kindergarten and engage them in your presentation. They had a fabulous time. Kindergarten has field day next week and they are all going to wear their Little Chicken tattoos. I can’t wait to get some pictures!The kindergarten teachers were most impressed as well. If possible, I would like to schedule something again in the fall with our new group of kindergarteners. Have a great day!”Amy O’Neill, Teacher Librarian, Prospect Valley Elementary Anonymous teacher input on evaluation form, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, Ct.“Katie met with our K-2 students in their classrooms and they LOVED her! Her presentations were lively, animated and fun. The teachers were all thrileld and impressed with how Katie led the students through the narrative and illustrating process. It was a perfect complement to their classroom approa...Read MoreAnonymous teacher input on evaluation form, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, Ct. Anonymous teacher input on evaluation form, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, Ct.“Katie met with our K-2 students in their classrooms and they LOVED her! Her presentations were lively, animated and fun. The teachers were all thrileld and impressed with how Katie led the students through the narrative and illustrating process. It was a perfect complement to their classroom approach and lessons.”Anonymous teacher input on evaluation form, Julian Curtis Elementary School, Greenwich, Ct. Donna Hires and Gretchen Lunsford, co-chairs“…thank you for all you contributed to our recent Storybook Gala….for your humorous and inspiring keynote during the program…you gave of yourself so graciously and we are most grateful.”Donna Hires and Gretchen Lunsford, co-chairsConnecticut Children’s Medical Center’s Storybook Gala – Keynote Donna Hires and Gretchen Lunsford, co-chairs“…thank you for all you contributed to our recent Storybook Gala….for your humorous and inspiring keynote during the program…you gave of yourself so graciously and we are most grateful.”Donna Hires and Gretchen Lunsford, co-chairsConnecticut Children’s Medical Center’s Storybook Gala – Keynote Katy“Hi, I was lucky enough to be in my daughters K classroom the day we skyped with you at Prospect Valley in Wheat Ridge, CO. Thanks!”Katy Katy“Hi, I was lucky enough to be in my daughters K classroom the day we skyped with you at Prospect Valley in Wheat Ridge, CO. Thanks!”Katy Sonja Gibbs, committee member“Good morning. I am writing to say thank you for coming to our AAUW luncheon and for sharing your writing adventures. You … had everyone’s undivided attention. Afterwards I heard wonderful comments on how engaging your talk was and how you tied in the AAUW theme Breaking Barriers. Your mention of me...Read MoreAmerican Association of University Women Fundraiser luncheon Sonja Gibbs, committee member“Good morning. I am writing to say thank you for coming to our AAUW luncheon and for sharing your writing adventures. You … had everyone’s undivided attention. Afterwards I heard wonderful comments on how engaging your talk was and how you tied in the AAUW theme Breaking Barriers. Your mention of meeting a scholarship winner was great. Good luck.”American Association of University Women Fundraiser luncheon Jonathan Gillies, Dean of Lower School Students, King Stamford, Connecticut“Katie Davis appeared at King recently in conjunction with our Lower School Book Fair. She is a dynamic speaker who relates well to children. Most impressive was the drawing technique that Katie demonstrated. Her method of turning photographs into fictional characters was fascinating, and really got...Read MoreJonathan Gillies, Dean of Lower School Students, King Stamford, Connecticut Jonathan Gillies, Dean of Lower School Students, King Stamford, Connecticut“Katie Davis appeared at King recently in conjunction with our Lower School Book Fair. She is a dynamic speaker who relates well to children. Most impressive was the drawing technique that Katie demonstrated. Her method of turning photographs into fictional characters was fascinating, and really got students interested in trying her method.”Jonathan Gillies, Dean of Lower School Students, King Stamford, Connecticut Alison M. Myers, Program Consultant, Highlights Foundation“Successful authors know that it takes more than a good book to grab an audience. In today’s social media arena, authors and illustrators have to create a buzz for their books and a name for themselves. In a recent workshop at The Highlights Foundation, Author Katie Davis taught us how to do just th...Read MoreHighlights Foundation Alison M. Myers, Program Consultant, Highlights Foundation“Successful authors know that it takes more than a good book to grab an audience. In today’s social media arena, authors and illustrators have to create a buzz for their books and a name for themselves. In a recent workshop at The Highlights Foundation, Author Katie Davis taught us how to do just that.Katie’s appearance was for Life in the Spotlight with Peter Jacobi. This workshop was designed to offer both published and beginning writers useful tips and strategies for promoting themselves and their books. Katie connected with the group on a very difficult subject: using Twitter and all kinds of social media for self-promotion. Her presentation was engaging, fast-paced, and full of humor and encouragement.Carol P. Saucier, an attendee, summed up Katie’s presentation well, “She made a complex subject easy to understand. Useful information and she is fun, too!” Katie’s knowledge of social marketing and branding is astounding and, as Carol mentioned, her enthuses for the topic made learning fun. We look forward to having Katie on our faculty again and again.”Highlights Foundation Olivia Korsun, owner of Booktopia Fairs“Katie was very well prepared and completely at ease to speak in front of such a large crowd of approximately 200 children. Her performance was interactive and fun. The students enjoyed learning about Katie’s life and how she came to writing. They enjoyed watching her draw and recognized how much ha...Read MoreOlivia Korsun, owner of Booktopia Fairs Olivia Korsun, owner of Booktopia Fairs“Katie was very well prepared and completely at ease to speak in front of such a large crowd of approximately 200 children. Her performance was interactive and fun. The students enjoyed learning about Katie’s life and how she came to writing. They enjoyed watching her draw and recognized how much hard work goes into each of her books. All in all, I can whole heartedly recommend Katie Davis for a school or library visit, be it in a small or a large setting: Katie will delight them all!”Olivia Korsun, owner of Booktopia Fairs Carolyn Dugan“Each year the AAUW has a book author luncheon and the proceeds from the luncheon fund a scholarship for a young woman. This year our luncheon was held on November 5,2011 at the Clinton Country Club. We had three authors speaking: Diane Smith, Carlos Eire and author Katie Davis. All of the authors w...Read MoreCo-chair -AAUW Book Author Luncheon Carolyn Dugan“Each year the AAUW has a book author luncheon and the proceeds from the luncheon fund a scholarship for a young woman.This year our luncheon was held on November 5,2011 at the Clinton Country Club. We had three authors speaking: Diane Smith, Carlos Eire and author Katie Davis. All of the authors were fabulous.Katie spoke last and produced a video presentation which was superb! She was so enthusiastic and displayed a great sense of humor during the presentation. A quiet room turned into a lot of laughter.I would highly recommend Katie for future speaking engagements.”Co-chair -AAUW Book Author Luncheon Robin Shader, Liberty County Coordinator Live Oak Public Libraries, Savannah, GA“You were fabulous and we loved having you at the Savannah Children’s Book Festival. You were great – so easy to work with. Not only that, you were a lot of fun…we enjoyed you immensely. Apparently, so did the crowds – your tent was full for both your sessions – nice work.”Robin Shader, Liberty County Coordinator Live Oak Public Libraries, Savannah, GA Robin Shader, Liberty County Coordinator Live Oak Public Libraries, Savannah, GA“You were fabulous and we loved having you at the Savannah Children’s Book Festival. You were great – so easy to work with. Not only that, you were a lot of fun…we enjoyed you immensely. Apparently, so did the crowds – your tent was full for both your sessions – nice work.”Robin Shader, Liberty County Coordinator Live Oak Public Libraries, Savannah, GA Denise Abercrombie, English teacher, E.O. Smith High School in Mansfield, CT.“Author Katie Davis was an outstanding keynote speaker at this year’s Connecticut Writing Project’s Annual Student Writers Award Ceremony. She demystified the notion of “writer as genius” through engaging personal anecdotes, as well as projected artwork, photographs, and film. She also systematicall...Read MoreDenise Abercrombie, English teacher, E.O. Smith High School in Mansfield, CT. Denise Abercrombie, English teacher, E.O. Smith High School in Mansfield, CT.“Author Katie Davis was an outstanding keynote speaker at this year’s Connecticut Writing Project’s Annual Student Writers Award Ceremony. She demystified the notion of “writer as genius” through engaging personal anecdotes, as well as projected artwork, photographs, and film. She also systematically debunked common myths associated with the writing life. The young writers present not only received kudos and awards, they were encouraged by a wonderful writer and human being to keep at it (even when there are no awards). Katie Davis’s warm, self-deprecating sense of humor invited students to engage in writing as play…at any age. Thanks Katie Davis and CWP for a truly inspiring evening celebrating student writers!”Denise Abercrombie, English teacher, E.O. Smith High School in Mansfield, CT. Ian Banner, 5th Grade Teacher, Fairfield Public Schools, CT“As an intermediate teacher in a very high-performing school district, it was quite obvious to me that my students,many of whom are identified as gifted and talented, benefited greatly from Katie Davis’ wonderful and exuberant writing and illustrating workshops. My students said: “Mrs. Davis helped...Read MoreIan Banner, 5th Grade Teacher, Fairfield Public Schools, CT Ian Banner, 5th Grade Teacher, Fairfield Public Schools, CT“As an intermediate teacher in a very high-performing school district, it was quite obvious to me that my students,many of whom are identified as gifted and talented, benefited greatly from Katie Davis’ wonderful and exuberant writing and illustrating workshops. My students said: “Mrs. Davis helped me to improve the way I plan for writing a story”; “She made it very easy to brainstorm ideas before writing a story”; “She helped me to realize that it takes a long time to write a book, and adding detail is something that you need to do a lot. It’s an important priority in writing”; “I was never a very good cartoonist or illustrator, but now, since she showed us how to copy photos and make them into cartoons, it’s much easier to illustrate my stories.” Katie’s workshops provide students the opportunity to see themselves as capable writers, which is the primary goal of writing educators. Therefore, I wholly recommend Katie’s wonderful workshop, and hope that you allow your students the opportunity to strive for a goal within their reach, which these workshops do, indeed, provide.”Ian Banner, 5th Grade Teacher, Fairfield Public Schools, CT Terera Gastone, attendee“Katie, it was wonderful to hear you and Hope at the NAEYC 2011 Conference. I can’t believe how behind I actually am concerning technology. My first successful us of a QR Code is here on this site! And I love the idea of book trailers… BTW my next comment stop will be on Little Chicken’s Big Day boo...Read MoreTerera Gastone, attendeeNAEYC National Conference, with Hope Vestergaard Terera Gastone, attendee“Katie, it was wonderful to hear you and Hope at the NAEYC 2011 Conference. I can’t believe how behind I actually am concerning technology. My first successful us of a QR Code is here on this site! And I love the idea of book trailers… BTW my next comment stop will be on Little Chicken’s Big Day book trailer. I can’t believe there isn’t already one comment there.Thanks again for allowing me to continue learning and loving while I do it.”Terera Gastone, attendeeNAEYC National Conference, with Hope Vestergaard Rosemary Jordal, Program Coordinator Groton Public Library, Groton, CT“Katie Davis had these kids eating out of her hands. Such talented hands! This may be the most entertaining author we’ve ever had. Katie is not only a talented artist, but she is a special performer who knows how to work a crowd. Without missing a beat, she quieted a show-off, raised up a tired chil...Read MoreRosemary Jordal, Program Coordinator Groton Public Library, Groton, CT Rosemary Jordal, Program Coordinator Groton Public Library, Groton, CT“Katie Davis had these kids eating out of her hands. Such talented hands! This may be the most entertaining author we’ve ever had. Katie is not only a talented artist, but she is a special performer who knows how to work a crowd. Without missing a beat, she quieted a show-off, raised up a tired child, and made sure every eye was on her. These students will remember this author/illustrator for years to come.”Rosemary Jordal, Program Coordinator Groton Public Library, Groton, CT Connect with me! Quick LinksFor Writers Speaking Contact Me © Katie Davis 2022 Terms of Use Privacy PolicyManaged by Rob Pavacic of WP Online Design