IBAN Checker: International Bank Account Number validation Contact EN Deutsch Français Italiano Dutch Español Português Polski Svenska Suomi Dansk Norsk Magyar Eλληνική Čeština Slovenščina Hrvatski Slovenský Latviešu Lietuvių Eesti Srpski Türkçe Русский Български Українська العربية עברית 日本語 한국어 繁體中文 Login Register Validate IBAN Calculate IBAN Products Why IBAN Developers Pricing IBAN Validation & Calculation Explore All countries coverage IBAN checker engine supports all official IBAN 87 countries of which 36 are SEPA members. System can respectively identify data structures and perform format, check digit and length validations Web Interface and API Access (REST & SOAP WSDL) Integrate automated IBAN Validation engine into your CRM/ERP software backed or application. IBAN Checker IBAN Suite:Validation & Calculation Our service applies industry standard mathematical algorithms to validate the integrity of International Bank Account Number VALIDATE IBAN DETAILS Bank Suite: Global Banking Validation Corporate solution specializing in validating bank code and account for non-IBAN 196 countries such as United States, Japan etc. World payment validation SortWare: bank account validation Specially designed service for validating bank account numbers and sort codes for the United Kingdom and Ireland. UK bank account validation BIC Validation A dedicated web service for validating Bank Identifier Codes ( BIC ). This service uses data licensed by S.W.I.F.T. SCRL. BIC Validation Service IBAN Structure & Examples A full description of the countries using the IBAN standard and the respective formatting, length and validation information. IBAN Country list Developers All you need to know about our APIs and how to integrate our services in your application or software. Start automating now. INTEGRATE A SOLUTION Corporate services offered IBAN.com provides Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions designed to validate and calculate International Bank Account Number (IBAN). Our platform performs various mathematical checksum calculations in order to determine if the bank account you entered is valid. If the entered IBAN is valid our platform attempts to identify the bank owning this account,country,address and Business Identifier Code (BIC) and more bank details. We currently can perform domestic account validation algorithm tests on 36 countries which add a second layer of protection against invalid IBAN data. The bank details database currently contains detailed branch information for 40 countries. IBAN Number verification is successfully used by our clients to improve money transfers worldwide. By integrating our tools in your software you can check IBAN, verify BBAN and effectively decrease financial transaction errors. Our company specializes in providing a secure way to verify and safely pay via International Bank Account Numbers. You may also freely use our IBAN Validation demo to check an IBAN number. Trusted by Definition & Coverage Payment data validation also includes another important step in bank validation, the IBAN number to BIC Code conversion ( BIC Codes are managed by SWIFT network ). In short it is the ability to determine the correct BIC code from a given IBAN number. What is the definition of IBAN? The IBAN consists of up to 32 alphanumeric characters, comprising a country code, two check digits and a long and detailed bank account number used in bank wire transfers. The IBAN structure is defined by the international standard under ISO 13616-1:2007 and check digits are performed using MOD 97 (ISO 7064). The individual countries and formatting are described in the official ISO IBAN registry Examples. The IBAN checker engine supports 97 total countries and all 37 SEPA countries. Our system can respectively identify 97 distinct data structures and perform IBAN format, check digit and length validations. Increasing the success rate of payments is critical to provide higher quality financial services. Automating payment validations can greatly reduce the loss in bank fees for failed/bounced payments. Both enterprises and small businesses can benefit by our service with our cost-effective pricing plans. The downside of international transfers with your bank When you send or receive an international transfer with your bank, you might lose money on a bad exchange rate and pay hidden fees as a result. We recommend you use Wise (formerly TransferWise), which is usually much cheaper. With their smart technology: ● You get a great exchange rate and a low, upfront fee every time. ● You move your money as fast as the banks, and often faster – some currencies go through in minutes. ● Your money is protected with bank-level security. ● You join over 2 million customers who transfer in 47 currencies across 70 countries. Send Money Receive Money News 29 November Annual SSL Certificate Renewal A notice for our annual SSL certificate renewal for api.iban.com Current certificate is due to expire on 3 January 2023 We have renewed our certificate... 05 July Introducing VAT Suite service We are happy to introduce a new service to our portfolio. After a long period in development our VAT Suite service is now available for our clients. The VAT Suite... 10 April Somalia IBAN Validation As of 27th March 2023, the use of IBAN across all transactions going through the National Payment System (NPS) have been successfully adopted by all banks in Somalia.... 19 December Annual SSL Certificate Renewal A notice for our annual SSL certificate renewal for api.iban.com Current certificate is due to expire on 29 January 2023 We have renewed our certificate... 16 May New BIC Validation API We have released a new version of the BIC Validation Service API. The key changes from the previous version are: - Optimized response structure ( less data... 21 March New Pricing We've recently reviewed and made changes to the pricing for some of our services and plans. The new pricing will come in effect from... 31 January SSL Provider Change We are changing our SSL provider for our API service at api.iban.com. Currently, we were using LetsEncrypt, however the short expiration of the... 14 September IMPORTANT: JAVA SSL Compatibility We have identified an issue of some older JAVA versions with our SSL certificate provider LetsEncrypt. The issue is caused by a missing root certificate in... 2024-03-05 ECB Rates: EUR/USD 1.0849 EUR/JPY 163.01 EUR/BGN 1.9558 EUR/CZK 25.353 EUR/DKK 7.4542 EUR/GBP 0.85543 EUR/HUF 395.75 EUR/PLN 4.3248 EUR/RON 4.9718 EUR/SEK 11.2803 EUR/CHF 0.9609 EUR/ISK 149.10 EUR/NOK 11.4750 EUR/TRY 34.3474 EUR/AUD 1.6709 EUR/BRL 5.3713 EUR/CAD 1.4747 EUR/CNY 7.8104 EUR/HKD 8.4873 EUR/IDR 17079.69 EUR/ILS 3.9034 EUR/INR 89.9525 EUR/KRW 1447.98 EUR/MXN 18.3924 EUR/MYR 5.1370 EUR/NZD 1.7847 EUR/PHP 60.727 EUR/SGD 1.4578 EUR/THB 38.861 EUR/ZAR 20.5862 Web Tools IBAN Checker IBAN Calculator Search BIC VAT Checker Currency Convert Currency Exchange rates Products IBAN Suite: Validation & Calculation Bank Suite: Global Banking Validation BIC Validation Service SortWare: Web Portal & Rest API Forex Reference Suite Developers IBAN Validation API IBAN Calculation API Bank Suite API BIC Validation API SortWare Rest API About Why IBAN Security Customers Our Data News & Updates Partners BIC data used with permission of S.W.I.F.T. SCRL. Database Rights Reserved, 2024. IBAN.com is an authorized VocaLink™ Distributor Copyright © 2024 IBAN.COM Privacy Terms DPA SLA Security Contact Sitemap