International Live and Virtual Keynote Speaker Frank Furness +44 (0) 1923 248200 [email protected] Twitter Facebook-f Linkedin-in Home About Programs Articles Resources Clients Podcasts Contact Menu Home About Programs Articles Resources Clients Podcasts Contact BOOKING Frank Furness International Keynote Speaker Best Selling Author Remote Presenter Sales & Marketing Coach & Consultant Watch Frank Speaking International Keynote Speaker Frank Furness is a sought after motivational and high content presenter. His lively, enthusiastic and humorous style has inspired audiences in 69 Countries. Remote Presenter Since Covid has emerged, Frank has become one of the top-rated Remote Presenters to audiences ranging from 20 CEOs to over 1,000 sales consultants Sales & Marketing Coach & Consultant Frank Furness coaches and consults on sales and social media with clients globally. Meet Frank Furness MEET FRANK FURNESS INTERNATIONALLY ACCLAIMED SOCIAL MEDIA MASTER. From his early years as a successful drummer backing the world’s top acts, rising to the top one percent of salespeople worldwide.Frank Furness has emerged as a Top Global Keynote Speaker, Sales Specialist, Tech, Social Media and Goal Setting to produce Stellar Results for Entrepreneurs and Organizations around the globe.He currently spends seventy percent of his time speaking internationally, working in sixty-nine countries.In 2007, he was awarded ‘Top Speaker’ for Vistage Europe in 2011 inducted into the ‘Speaker Hall of Fame’.In 2013, he was recognized as ‘Overseas Speaker of the Year’ for TEC Australia and rated top speaker for Vistage Florida.Frank’s books ‘Walking with Tigers – Success Secrets of the World’s Top Business Leaders’ and ‘How to Find New Business and Clients’ are International best sellers. Watch Frank in Action 20 years of exceptional business success International motivational speaker, remote presenter and author Keynotes & workshops Remote virtual presentations Sales & social media training Online training courses Coaching & consulting Internet marketing Presenting for enthusiastic audiences around the world! 0 + COUNTRIES 0 CONTINENTS 20000 LinkedIn followers 0 mil+ MILES FLOWN 0 mil+ Youtube views 0 k+ Subscribers Featured programs You can’t sell a Porsche if you cycle to work – Getting the Sale We have seen huge changes in the sales process over the years. It started with relationship selling, then moved on to solution selling. Following this was process selling…. but the Read More » Walking with Tigers – Success Secrets of the World’s Top Business Leaders Introduction The keynote/workshop is based on the best-selling book ‘Walking with Tigers’ which is around Frank’s research and ongoing consulting work with top companies around the world. We have seen Read More » Video Marketing Secrets for Business Frank has mastered the art of internet video with over 750 videos on YouTube and over a four million views and 7,000 subscribers. He will share how you can use Read More » The New World of Business and Sales – Working & Selling Remotely or from Home Selling has changed massively with the onslaught of the Corona Virus. Businesses must now adapt to working remotely or from home while still maintaining great relationships with existing clients and Read More » View All programs Previous Next Live or virtual Book Frank to travel and speak or train at your live conference or have him present remotely where you can interact from anywhere in the world Live or virtual Book Frank to travel and speak or train at your live conference or have him present remotely where you can interact from anywhere in the world CONTACT Coaching & Consultancy Book Frank to coach your Sales and Marketing teams and consult with senior management Coaching and Consultancy Book Frank to coach your Sales and Marketing teams and consult with senior management TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT Online Resources Upskill your teams using Frank’s Online Courses Online Resources Upskill your teams using Frank’s Online Courses RESOURCES What Leaders are Saying Your program at NSA Colorado was incredibly helpful. I have been singing your praises and marvelling that you would share that information so generously. Jana Stansfield "Frank, congratulations on a great presentation on day 2 of the Dutch Convention in Amsterdam - the time always seems to whizz by when you're on stage, and your tips are always invaluable. If you had been given twice the time it probably would not have been enough. We need to get you to an upcoming convention in South Africa - and I believe nothing less than a pre-con would do you justice. Thanks and well done!" Paul du ToitMD the Congruence Group I want to, again, express my appreciation for the gift of your time and talent at the Enterprise Lab this past weekend in Phoenix. Your session was one of the best of the lab. Participants raved on the evaluations! Laura StackDirector, The Productivity Pro(R), Inc Frank is one of the top sales presenters in the world and he delivered his high content, high impact, high value presentation with his usual eloquence, expertise, and enterprising nature Dave RogersAPSA, Singapore Your presentation at the May Denver meeting was amazing! Thanks for all the great information. Kevin KneblDistrict Manage, ADP TotalSource, Colorado Springs CEO level delegates attending the inaugural Abacus International Online Travel Leaders Retreat rated Frank Furness as one of the most appreciated contributors at the event held in Macau on 4-6 July 2008. His presentation not only provided thought provoking new perspectives for online Travel Agencies, the delegates attending felt that many of the tactics and techniques for online marketing could be implemented almost immediately. We greatly appreciated Frank's contribution to the Retreat and with its sound mix of robust thinking and practical advice and would welcome him as a presenter at our events in the future. Robert BaileyPresident and CEO, Abacus International Pte Ltd After many years in the sales industry, it has been highly refreshing to find a professional who can rekindle the fire in our sales force. Frank's professionalism and knowledge of sales in my opinion cannot be equaled and since his motivational talk, there has been a dramatic increase in our sales figures. Stuart ThomsonMD of PIC, Dubai Your very accessible style made the information you shared with our team intelligible and easy to assimilate, and we still talk about the incredibly ‘simple’ approach you adopt to what is often considered the complicated process of doing business. Not without the elements of fun, your presentation was well targeted and well received, and we thank you for your insight and for presenting your ideas in a way that each delegate believed that they could take back with them, and move towards personal and professional growth and success Jonathan GerberManaging Director—American Express & Seekers Travel South Africa A day of sales training with Frank Furness so inspired our sales team that six weeks on, and they are still enthusiastically employing his techniques. Each sales person in the office has their goals pinned up in front of them and we have a huge poster in the office which says ‘Think Frank’. Frank has changed the way we work – he has given us confidence to enjoy the sales pitch and to sell better and more effectively. Deborah FoxManaging Director, Emerging Real Estate Ltd While working on the details of our 2008 LEADERSHIP programme, Mr. Furness was suggested to us by various people. Were they ever right! After a brief, but very pleasant and 'to the point' telephone conversation, I was fully confident that Frank was definitely 'our man'. Seen his extensive background in sales, we asked Mr. Furness to take care of the 'HSMAI Leadership in Sales' Event on March 13th 2008. Frank delivered that afternoon an upbeat, dynamic and cutting edge presentation on sales & marketing. Filled with humour, impressive facts, 'speaking' pictures and many, many practical sales tools. Afterwards he left the audience with several dedicated websites full of practical tools for their review and use. The feedback we got from our members was nothing less then superb! I therefore can only strongly advise any organization (looking for the 'latest in sales & marketing') to contact or even better: 'secure' Mr. Frank Furness for their programme. Hans PoortvlietManaging Director, HSMAI Holland Previous Next 20 years of exceptional business success International Motivational Speaker, Sales Trainer, and Author Franks Keynotes & workshops Franks online courses International Recruitment Frank in the Media TV Channel Visit our Blog LinkedIn & Video Marketing Consultancy Articles Bootcamps Frank Furness Frank Furness 54 South Beach Parade Great Yarmouth NR30 3JP UK +44 (0) 7711 672888 USA +1 407 412-9317 [email protected] Franks YouTube Channel On my channel I share tips, strategies and techniques to help you achieve your goals. Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Click here to view Download Keynotes Download Frank's Keynotes and Workshops Download All Frank's Presentations © Copyright 2024 | Frank Furness | GDPR AT Frank Furness Twitter Facebook-f Linkedin-in