California State Parks Skip to Main Content OHV | OHP | DBW | Translate TRANSLATE ABOUT About Us California Department of Parks and Recreation manages more than 280 park units, which contain the finest and most diverse collection of natural, cultural, and recreational resources to be found within California. Contact Us Publications Grants and Local Services Opportunities and RFPs Parks Director Customer Service Park Management Public Notices Accessibility & ParksOne of the goals of California State Parks is to make sure that everyone - including visitors with disabilities - has access to the natural and cultural wonders that make up California State Parks. Transformation Effort Off-Highway Vehicles (OHV) Historic Preservation (OHP) Boating and Waterways (DBW) Commissions Organizational Structure Opportunities VISIT A PARK Find ParksPlease choose one of the following options to Find-A-Park. You can also choose a tab above to Find-A-Park by Region, County/City, or Activities. CampingFeel the breeze through the pines, smell an aromatic campfire, hear the waves gently lap the shoreline. Reservation and Fees Safety TipsEach year, thousands of people discover that walking, hiking, boating, riding and swimming in a California State Park is safe and healthy fun. Passes California State Parks offers several types of passes including the Annual Day Use Pass, the Disabled Discount Pass, and the Golden Bear Pass. Sales DatesVisitors are able to reserve highly sought-after campsites and lodging six months in advance from the current date. Rules and RegulationsThe Department of Parks and Recreation has established rules and regulations to protect park areas for the enjoyment of future generations as well as for the convenience and safety of the park visitors. Dogs in ParksEvery year dogs along with their owners visit California state parks, as our park units have many great open spaces for you and your dog to enjoy. Maps Live Video Gallery Travel TipsCalifornia State Parks has something for everybody - year-round. Whether it's hiking, biking, strolling on a beach or cross-country skiing, state parks has it all. Park EventsSee what is happening at a park near you. Weddings at State ParksCalifornia State Parks offers a variety of unique and beautiful wedding sites. GRANTS WHAT'S NEW JOBS Job PostingsJob Postings for Current State Employees. CareersCalifornia State Parks offer careers in many disciplines such as park operations, maintenance, resource management, interpretation, as well as, park planning and design. Law EnforcementMore than 85 million people visit California State Parks each year. The Department employs over 500 peace officers to safeguard both visitors and the resources themselves. Now RecruitingAre you looking for a career that lets you live out your passion? With a Department committed to fostering inclusivity, promoting health, and preserving California’s precious resources, you came to the right place Seasonal and Part TimeSeasonal and part-time hiring is done at the local district or park unit level. VolunteersVolunteers are playing an ever-increasing role in California's parks. Volunteers serve in almost all of California's state park units and lend invaluable assistance. HostsVolunteer camp host positions are available in over 100 parks. StudentsAs a student in high school, college, or graduate school, you can discover what future career opportunities California State Parks has to offer, learn valuable professional skills, and earn money. LEARNING Interpretive ProgramsYou have reached the Park Interpretive Programs page! This is where you can find many resources that can help you locate interpretive programs in parks near you. For SchoolsFrom day trips to environmental living overnights to in-school programs, California's state parks offer opportunities for students to learn about our natural and cultural history. Training SectionThe Department offers a variety of training programs on a regular basis to both California State Parks' employees and those from other agencies. How You Can HelpThe State Park System is supported by dedicated and actively involved people, including our partners and volunteers. Resources and ToolsHere you will find resources from California State Parks that may be of interest or use to interpreters. For KidsWant ideas for getting your kids out in nature, having fun and learning a lot at the same time? Community InvolvementOffice of Community Involvement (OCI) is the bridge that connects people to parks. NEWS News Releases Public Meeting Info Significant Incidents Updates CEQA NoticesCEQA - the California Environmental Quality Act, is a statute that requires state and local agencies to identify the significant environmental impacts of their actions and to avoid or mitigate those impacts, if feasible. Frequently Asked Questions OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLES HISTORIC PRESERVATION BOATING AND WATERWAYS Arts in California Parks ArtsInCaliforniaParks.org Hey, Fourth Graders You can now explore 54 state parks for free! Check Out a Free Vehicle Day-Use Pass Download the App Reexamining Our Past Addressing discriminatory names and inequities in the State Park System. PORTS: Parks Online Resources for Teachers and Students ® Learn more and download the app here! Hey, Fourth Graders, You can now explore 54 state parks for free! California State Library Parks Pass, Check Out a Free Vehicle Day-Use Pass Screen Reader - Download the Parks App Addressing discriminatory names and inequities in the State Park System PORTS: Parks Online Resources for Teachers and Students Virtual Adventurer - Learn more and download the app here! Explore more Off-Highway Vehicles | Historic Preservation | Boating and Waterways | Commissions Our Mission. To provide for the health, inspiration and education of the people of California by helping to preserve the state's extraordinary biological diversity, protecting its most valued natural and cultural resources, and creating opportunities for high-quality outdoor recreation. State Parks Addresses Discriminatory Names and Inequities Secretary for Natural Resources Wade Crowfoot, State Parks Director Armando Quintero and Department of Transportation Director Toks Omishakin announced a series of actions to identify and redress discriminatory names of features attached to the state parks and transportation systems. The move comes in the wake of a national conversation about the names of geographic features and builds upon Governor Gavin Newsom’s work to support equity, inclusion and accountability throughout the state to better reflect our values. To learn more, visit www.parks.ca.gov/ReexaminingOurPast. 2023 Annual Pass Program Are you a frequent visitor to a favorite state park, or love to sample the beauty of the state from north to south? A California State Parks Annual Pass may be for you. Our Annual Passes offer something for everyone, and make great gifts throughout the year! Please visit our passes page for additional information. Start booking your next adventure with us on ReserveCalifornia™ Our new reservation system improves service delivery to our visitors online and in our park units. You’ll be able to explore California’s outdoor recreational opportunities in a more modern way via interactive maps and other online tools. Go invent your adventure! View the FAQ's Outdoors for All Initiative With the leadership of Governor Gavin Newsom and First Partner Jennifer Siebel Newsom, California was able to create for the very first time, innovative access programs for children and families to explore California’s State Park System. Learn more about the Outdoors For All initiative. More about CA State Parks Reservations and Fees Feel the breeze through the pines, smell an aromatic campfire, hear the waves gently lap the shoreline. Online Store Operated by PRIDE Industries, this site sells California State Parks Annual Passes, quality publications to the public. Find a Park We have an easier way to Find a Park by simply choosing the first letter of the name, by Activities or Facilities, by a Region within the State or by a specific City. Parks Newsroom Stay up to date on the latest news and announcements from California State Parks. Accessible Parks Making sure that everyone - including visitors with disabilities - has access to the natural and cultural wonders that make up California State Parks. Events See what is happening in a park near you. Explore the beauty of CA State Parks Anza-Borrego Desert SP Salt Point SP Julia Pfeiffer Burns SP Point Cabrillo Light Station SHP Hearst San Simeon SHM Bodie SHP Del Norte Coast Redwoods SP Prairie Creek Redwoods SP Mono Lake Tufa SNR Railtown 1897 SHP Contact Us Have a question? Use the Contact Us Page Follow Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Parks Blog Select a Language Please wait... Copyright © 2024 State of California Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Accessible Parks Site Map