Salk Institute for Biological Studies Join Salk Streaming| Science Events| Search | Search Terms About Us Overview Leadership Careers Awards and Accolades Diversity, Equity & Inclusion History of Salk Visiting Salk/Architecture Education Outreach Contact People Overview Executive Leadership Faculty Board of Trustees Administration Research Overview Scientist Directory Research Areas Science Initiatives Research Centers Core Facilities Technology Development News Overview Salk News Salk Publications Photography Guidelines Salk Press Office Support Us DONATE Join Salk Streaming Events Search Search Terms ThePowerofScience We explore the very foundations of life for the benefit of all. Founded by Jonas Salk, polio vaccine developer, the Salk Institute is an independent, nonprofit organization that consistently ranks as a top 5 elite research institute and is home to some of the most highly cited scientists in the world. "Our greatest responsibility is to be good ancestors." –Jonas Salk Donate Today Research Areas Healthy Aging Biochemistry/Biophysics Cancer ComputationalBiology Immunobiology Metabolism Neuroscience Plant Science Meet Our Faculty and Scientists The Salk Institute is home to a highly collaborative cadre of scientists who delve into a broad range of research areas, from aging, cancer and immunology to diabetes, brain science and plant biology. They are supported by on-campus research centers and core facilities equipped with cutting-edge technology. Learn More The Power of Science The Campaign for Discovery is the Salk Institute’s seven-year, $750 million comprehensive fundraising campaign. The goal is to attract the people and build the technology and space necessary for innovation in six critical areas: cancer, healthy aging, plant biology, immunobiology, neuroscience, and computational biology. LEARN MORE The Power of Science The Campaign for Discovery is the Salk Institute’s seven-year, $750 million comprehensive fundraising campaign. The goal is to attract the people and build the technology and space necessary for innovation in six critical areas: cancer, healthy aging, plant biology, immunobiology, neuroscience, and computational biology. Learn More Watch | Listen | Discover Stories of science and the people who bring it to life Join the Salk Institute's exclusive new media channel to learn more about how we are changing the world. Learn More Read the Latest Issue of Inside Salk Salk news highlight our leading-edge research and the people who make it possible. Publications include our award-winning print magazine Inside Salk, a monthly email newsletter, and our podcast, Where Cures Begin. LEARN MORE Read the Latest Issue of Inside Salk Salk news highlight our leading-edge research and the people who make it possible. Publications include our award-winning print magazine Inside Salk, a monthly email newsletter, and our podcast, Where Cures Begin. Learn More Latest News VIEW ALL March 5, 2024 Salk Professor Terrence Sejnowski wins Brain Prize READ MORE March 4, 2024 Modeling the origins of life: New evidence for an “RNA World” READ MORE February 28, 2024 More than just neurons: A new model for studying human brain inflammation READ MORE Salk by the Numbers 6 Nobel Laureates in physiology or medicine 12 consecutive timesCharity Navigator 4 star rating 3,077 students reached by Salk's Education Outreach Program 44 countries represented by Salk faculty, staff, and trainees 7 highly cited faculty*as of November 2023 12 members of the National Academy of Sciences 2,268 patents(U.S. and foreign)issued to Salk through 12/31/22 5 one of the top 5 research centers in the world CONNECT WITH USKeep in touch. INSIDE SALKExplore our magazine. DONATEYour gift matters. NEWSLETTERLatest discoveries, events & more. Name First Last Email Visiting Salk Careers Directory Contact/Directions Privacy Policy FCOI Policy Conduct Policy Emergency Information For Salk Suppliers Helix Mail OWA Mail Intranet Salk 10010 N Torrey Pines RdLa Jolla, CA 92037Email: communications@salk.eduPhone: (858) 453-4100 Copyright 2024 Salk Institute for Biological Studies Your partnership allows our scientists to accelerate the pace of high-risk, high-reward discoveries that have the potential to benefit the health of all humanity-be it cancer, Alzheimer’s disease, climate change, infectious diseases or more. × Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience on the site. By clicking "continue" or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as detailed in our Privacy Policy.Continue