NSPCC | The UK children's charity | NSPCC Skip to content Online shop NSPCC Learning Online safety advice Accessibility tool Menu NSPCC Every childhood is worth fighting for Donate Helpline Search What is child abuse? Open secondary navigation - What is child abuse? Types of abuse Spotting the signs of child abuse Effects of child abuse Children's stories Reporting abuse Our services Support for parents Keeping children safe Open secondary navigation - Keeping children safe Away from home Children's mental health In the home Reporting abuse Spotting the signs of child abuse Keeping children safe online Support for parents Our services Sex and relationships Talking about drugs and alcohol Support us Open secondary navigation - Support us Donate Ways to give Fundraise with us Do your own fundraising Campaign with us Volunteer with us Partner with us Gifts in Wills More ways to support us Become a major donor About us Open secondary navigation - About us What we do The difference we make News and opinion Our organisation and structure Strategy 2021-31 Jobs Contact us Events Open secondary navigation - Events Runs Cycles Charity treks, walks and challenges Dinners, balls and galas Give with your celebration Helpline Search Enter search term and hit 'enter'. Contact the NSPCC Helpline You can contact the NSPCC Helpline by calling 0808 800 5000, emailing [email protected] or completing our report abuse online form. Due to an increase in demand across our service, our voice Helpline is currently available 11am–3pm Monday to Friday. You can still email [email protected] or complete our report abuse online form at any time for free. You don’t have to say who you are. If you think a child is in immediate danger, please call the police on 999 straight away. Find out more 18 or under? Childline offers free, confidential advice and support whatever your worry, whenever you need help. 0800 1111 Contact Childline Donate Leave a gift in your Will By leaving a legacy gift in your Will to the NSPCC, you can give the most powerful gift - a safe and happy childhood. Learn more Learn more NSPCC You can change children’s lives. Whether you volunteer, fundraise, or follow and share our advice, together we can keep children safe. Dealing with bullying Find out how to support and get advice on what to do when a child is experiencing bullying. Listen up, Speak up Our free, 10-minute digital training will help you know what to do if a child needs help, or if you need support yourself. Find out more What you can do NSPCC Learning All the child protection tools, online courses and resources you need to keep children safe. Find out more Give minutes that matter Sponsor a call to Childline today, and you will give a child the vital minutes they might need with a trained counsellor. Sponsor a call now Running events Whether it's a 5k, 10k, half-marathon or marathon, every step you take in support of the NSPCC will make a big difference. Sign up today How we're supporting children On average a child contacts Childline every 45 seconds. Mental and emotional health and wellbeing remains the top concern for children and young people contacting Childline 30% of contacts answered by our Helpline resulted in a referral. How we're supporting children Featured news and stories As child abuse image crimes increase, we’re calling on Ofcom and tech companies to take action There was a 25% increase in child abuse image offences recorded by UK police in 2022/23, compared to the previous year. We're urging tech companies and Ofcom to do more to keep children safe. Read more Rise in calls to Childline about in-patient mental health treatment Calls to Childline about in-patient mental health treatment increased by almost a fifth in 2023. Along with other children's charities, we're urging all political parties to address the escalating mental health crisis faced by children and young people. Read more More than 70,000 children in England have a parent struggling with alcohol misuse Last year, our Helpline received an average of six contacts a day from adults with concerns about a child linked to parental alcohol or substance misuse. Read more Every childhood is worth fighting for Helplines Help for adults concerned about a childCall us on 0808 800 5000 Help for children and young peopleCall Childline on 0800 1111 For supporter, donation and fundraising queries Call us on 020 7825 2505 Links About us Keeping children safe Donate NSPCC Learning Online shop NSPCC comments & complaints policy Modern slavery statement Manage Cookie Preferences Accessibility toolbar Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube The NSPCC Weston House, 42 Curtain Road, London EC2A 3NH. Leading children's charity, incorporated by Royal Charter Registered charity in England and Wales (216401), Scotland (SC037717) and Jersey (384). Copyright © 2024 NSPCC / All rights reserved. National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Sitemap / Terms of use / Cookies / Privacy / Accessibility Menu Menu Home What is child abuse? Back What is child abuse? Types of abuse Back Types of abuse Bullying and cyberbullying Child sexual exploitation Child trafficking Domestic abuse Emotional abuse Female genital mutilation (FGM) Grooming Neglect Non-recent abuse Online abuse Physical abuse Sexual abuse Spotting the signs of child abuse Effects of child abuse Children's stories Back Children's stories Annie's story Alice's story James' story Leila's story Sioned's story Sophie's story Samantha's story Reporting abuse Back Reporting abuse Report child abuse Rhoi gwybod am gam-drin plant NSPCC dedicated helplines NSPCC Helpline Our services Back Our services Working with schools Support for parents Keeping children safe Back Keeping children safe Away from home Back Away from home Finding a tutor for your child Children's mental health In the home Reporting abuse Back Reporting abuse Report child abuse Rhoi gwybod am gam-drin plant NSPCC dedicated helplines NSPCC Helpline Spotting the signs of child abuse Keeping children safe online Back Keeping children safe online Online safety for families and children with SEND Online safety blog Inappropriate or explicit content Reporting online safety concerns Online wellbeing Social media Online Safety Quiz Virtual Reality Headsets Support for parents Back Support for parents Mental health and parenting How to talk to children about difficult topics Dealing with bullying Babies and crying Babies and sleep How to bond with your baby Our services Back Our services Working with schools Sex and relationships Talking about drugs and alcohol Support us Back Support us Donate Ways to give Back Ways to give NSPCC New Year Raffle Gifts in Wills The Omaze Million Pound House Draw Fundraise with us Back Fundraise with us Do your own fundraising Kick the Caffeine Press play for the NSPCC Do your own fundraising Back Do your own fundraising Promoting your fundraising on social media A-Z fundraising ideas Campaign with us Back Campaign with us Children at the Table Help end child abuse online Volunteer with us Partner with us Back Partner with us NSPCC Partners in Business Gifts in Wills More ways to support us Become a major donor About us Back About us What we do Back What we do Young People's Board for Change Our Child Safety Online (CSO) Taskforce The difference we make News and opinion Back News and opinion 2024 Our organisation and structure Strategy 2021-31 Jobs Contact us Events Back Events Runs Back Runs 10k Runs with #TeamNSPCC 5k charity runs Brighton Marathon 2024 Cardiff Half Marathon 2024 Great Scottish Run 2024 2021 Virgin Money London Marathon Half Marathon Runs with #TeamNSPCC London Landmarks Half Marathon 2024 Marathons with #TeamNSPCC 2024 Royal Parks Half Marathon Virtual TCS London Marathon 2022 Virtual TCS London Marathon 2023 Cycles Back Cycles Cycle India and the Taj Mahal Training for a charity cycle London to Paris Bike Ride BM Ride 2021 Saigon to Angkor Wat Bike Ride London to Brighton Cycle 2024 Liverpool Chester Bike Ride Charity treks, walks and challenges Back Charity treks, walks and challenges Training for a charity trek or challenge Jurassic Coast Challenge 2024 Snowdon at Night Chiltern 50 Challenge Dixons Carphone Race to the Stones Take on a skydive with #TeamNSPCC The Big Skydive 2024 Walk for Children Peak District Challenge 2024 Easter 50 Challenge 2024 London Winter Walk 2024 Lake District Challenge 2024 Cotswold Way Challenge Croatia Mountain Trek Trek Angkor Wat Spinnaker Tower Abseil 2022 HACK is back! Dinners, balls and galas Give with your celebration Search Helpline Online shop NSPCC Learning Online safety advice Accessibility tool