Mizzou - University of Missouri | University of Missouri Skip to navigation Skip to content MU conducting test of emergency notification system 11am Wednesday, March 6. Find Info For... Students Faculty & Staff Families Alumni Mizzou A-Z MU Alert Directory News Events Map Apply Visit Give about academics Admissions & Aid Student Life Research Outreach & Impact Athletics Apply Visit Give Search About Academics Admissions & Aid Student Life Research Outreach & Impact Athletics My Mizzou Mizzou A-Z MU Alert Directory News Events Map Find info for... Students Faculty & Staff Families Alumni Worldwide Tiger Pride SHOW YOUR STRIPES Apply now Plan your visit The Latest From Mizzou Research World-class expertise Leading neuroscientist Smita Saxena has found her home at NextGen Precision Health. Students Congratulations, Tigers! The Mizzou Alumni Association and Alumni Association Student Board recently named the 2024 Mizzou 18 Award and Mizzou ’39 Award recipients. Campus Paying it forward Driven by her family and passion to mentor others, doctoral student Jessica Marmolejos is determined to inspire the next generation of students to become fearless leaders. Read more stories at Show Me Mizzou More at Mizzou TIGERS GET VALUE Mizzou is ranked as the #7 best value among all flagship universities in the United States. Show Me Value What's happening on campus Academic dates Event Calendar March 23-31 Spring Break May 6-10 Finals Week June 3 Summer Classwork Begins March 15 Student health Center Grand Opening March 1-31 Women’s History Month April 8-12 Show Me Research Week 2024 View More Follow Your Ambition Study what matters Connect and Collaborate Get involved Learn While Doing Start discovering Follow Your Ambition Comprehensive Academics Check out our top animal science, journalism and nursing programs, or any of our 300+ degrees for a pathway designed for you. Majors and Degrees Connect And Collaborate Meaningful Extracurriculars With 600+ student clubs and organizations, finding your family here is part of the Mizzou experience. Student Life Learn While Doing Impact-Driven Research Begin research endeavors that respond to the world's needs and opportunities as early as your freshman year. Research Success Stories Tigers Earn Their Stripes Meet Our Alumni Strength in Numbers Show Me the Facts 31,121 Students from all 50 states and over 100 countries $186M+ Spent on scholarships and gifts during the 2020-21 academic year 48% Of Mizzou students graduate with no debt See More Facts Meet Mizzou Looking for a vibrant community offering endless opportunities to learn and grow? It’s always a great time to be a Tiger. Schedule a campus tour or try a virtual chat with current students to discover why you’ll love MU. Tour & Chat Apply Today The College Tour at Mizzou Contact Mizzou ADMISSIONS 230 Jesse Hall | Columbia, MO 65211 Phone: 573-882-7786 Contact, Ask a Question or Request Information Find info for Students Faculty & Staff Families Alumni Explore Degree Programs Libraries Careers The Mizzou Store Quick Links News Events Directory MU Health MU is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to Title IX and 34 CFR Part 106. For more information, visit MU’s Nondiscrimination Policy or the Office of Institutional Equity. Map & Directions Parking Online Tour Support Mizzou Mission & Values Emergency Info © 2024 — Curators of the University of Missouri. All rights reserved. DMCA and other copyright information. Privacy policy Report a problem or submit feedback about this website.