Internet Relay Chat Help #irchelp Home About Clients All Clients Windows mIRC XChat All Windows Clients MacOS X Textual Colloquy Snak All MacOS X Clients Linux/Unix Terminal irssi EPIC ircII All Linux/Unix Terminal Clients Linux/Unix Graphical XChat Konversation All Linux/Unix Graphical Clients Smartphones Clients for Android Clients for iOS All Smartphone Clients Other OS and Crossplatform Crossplatform Clients Clients for other Operating Systems Web-based clients Networks Major Networks Regional Networks Topical Networks All Networks Major Networks EFNet IRCnet Undernet Dalnet Quakenet Security General Security Privacy Denial of Service Trojan Horses and Other Malware Social Engineering Servers General ircd information EFNet IRCDs ircd-ratbox ircd-hybrid FAQs New user introduction Library Index Welcome to #irchelp /I-R-C/ n. [Internet Relay Chat] - IRC provides a way of communicating in real time with people from all over the world. It consists of various separate networks (or "nets") of IRC servers, machines that allow users to connect to IRC. IRC is very similar to text messaging, but designed around communicating with large groups of users instead of one on one. We are a group of dedicated volunteers who've been supporting IRC users since 1993. This website is affiliated with the #irchelp channels on the EFNet, Libera.Chat, and IRCNet networks. Get Started » Clients An IRC client is the vehicle that connects you to the global network of IRC servers. A variety of applications are available, so, whether you are on Windows, Linux, MacOS, or one of dozens of other operating systems, or even on your smartphone, find out which client is best for you. Find a Client » Networks IRC is organized into numerous independent networks, all with different audiences, geographical reach, and management. Besides the major networks, there are also many smaller networks that serve either a niche audience or a small geographical region. Find a network » Security Learn how to protect your computer from risks on and off of IRC, including social engineering, trojan horse attacks, and denial of service attacks. Learn to stay safe » FAQs There are a lot of questions people frequently ask about IRC, and we've collected them into several lists of FAQs. Browse FAQs » IRCD IRCD, or Internet Relay Chat Daemon, is the family of server software that powers IRC. Learn about IRCD » Reference Our reference section holds technical documents, such as the RFCs, CTCP specification, DCC specification, and details of other extensions to the IRC protocol, as well as research papers on IRC itself. Browse the Library » Freenode Verification: User Raccoon is Group Contact. sdaugherty and EmleyMoor are successive administrative contacts. As it is written, so it shall be. /done All documents © irchelp.org or original authors 2016