University of Michigan News Skip to content Home All Stories Faculty Journalists Expert Advisories Media Contacts 简体中文 हिन्दी Português Español Search for: Search X (Twitter) Facebook YouTube Podcasts RSS Arts & Culture Business & Economy Education & Society Environment Health Law & Politics Science & Technology International Trending 2024 Elections Artificial Intelligence Firearms Abortion Access COVID-19 Michigan Detroit Aging Mental Health Featured Articles Snakes do it faster, better: How a group of scaly, legless lizards hit the evolutionary jackpot More than 100 million years ago, the ancestors of the first snakes were small lizards that lived alongside other small, nondescript lizards in the shadow of the dinosaurs. Read More Voters concerned about the ages of politicians: U-M experts can discuss The age of political candidates and elected officials has been highly debated this election year. University of Michigan experts are available to discuss. Read More Anomaly mythology: Factors that predict stock market returns exciting, but not reliable Stock market anomalies, which by their nature perform contrary to the notion of efficient markets, are appealing to investors. They're also risky because they are mercurial—rising, falling and vaporizing, seemingly on a whim. Read More Auto industry deadlines loom for impaired-driver detection tech, U-M offers a low-cost solution Cameras similar to those already on newer model cars, combined with facial recognition tools, could read the "tells" of impairment in the face and upper body of a driver, University of Michigan engineers have shown. Read More U-M astronomer: Get to the path of April’s total solar eclipse The sun and moon will trace a path across North America April 8, bringing a total solar eclipse to a large swath of the United States. The path of totality—the line across Earth along which the sun and moon will be in lockstep, and the moon will completely block out the sun—will fall across a tiny sliver of southeast Michigan. The last time North America experienced a total solar eclipse was 2017, and the last time Michigan experienced a total eclipse was 1954. Read More Changes in flu circulation means US likely to see vaccines move from quadrivalent to trivalent U.S. flu vaccines are likely to move from quadrivalent to trivalent due to a change in circulating influenza viruses, says a University of Michigan researcher. Read More Miss World’s return to India after 28 years provides global cachet India will host the 71st Miss World pageant in Mumbai March 9. This is India's second time hosting Miss World, the oldest existing international beauty pageant, after a controversial first time in 1996. Read More New methods of conservation needed to prevent the extinction of great apes Great apes, human's closest living relatives, are knocking on the door of extinction. Humans have hunted great apes, which include bonobos, chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans, destroyed their habitats, and transmitted fatal diseases to them. Now, five of the seven recognized species of great apes have been listed as Critically Endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, meaning they are on the brink of extinction. Read More U-M expert shares ideas to ease housing crisis with federal officials in Washington A proposal developed by a University of Michigan business expert and others to help ease the U.S. housing crisis is being shared with federal housing officials. Read More U-M launches interactive website documenting war crimes in Ukraine Site features interactive maps, testimonies collected by The Reckoning Project The University of Michigan’s Weiser Center for Europe and Eurasia has created a new website that serves as a digital archive of testimonies from witnesses and victims of documented human rights violations, war crimes and atrocities in Ukraine since Russia’s full-scale invasion on Feb. 24, Read more Read More Detroit residents’ trust in police shaped by history of police contact Detroit residents who have had any type of contact with police are more critical of police than people who have no contact with police, according to a new survey of Detroit residents from the University of Michigan. Read More Solar flares: U-M experts highlight gaps preventing accurate predictions of impacts around Earth The recent spike of activity from the sun occurred during what NASA has dubbed the Heliophysics Big Year—a celebration of solar science centered on the April 8 total eclipse, the last that will be visible from the continental U.S. for 20 years. Read More Lessons learned: Urban charter schools demonstrate potential to improve student performance While the merits of charter schools vs. traditional public schools are well-documented, some charter schools in urban areas can dramatically improve student achievement, especially among disadvantaged students, says a University of Michigan researcher. Read More In the news New York Times Bank runs spooked regulators. Now a clampdown is coming. WXYZ/Detroit New partnership brings sleep medicine studies to the uninsured in Michigan New York Times The trial of James Crumbley in the Oxford High killings: What to know More In The News 412 Maynard St. Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1399 Emailumichnews@umich.edu Phone734-764-7260 About Michigan News More News Arts Athletics Engaged Michigan Global Michigan Michigan Medicine Public Affairs Publications Michigan Today The University Record Office of the Vice President for Communications © 2024 The Regents of the University of Michigan