Home Page - Foreign Policy Blogs Foreign Policy Blogs RSS subscribe Follow uson Twitter Join us on Facebook Defense & SecurityThe EUNuclearMedia and Foreign PolicyTradeU.S. Foreign PolicyRegionsAsia & PacificAfghanistanArcticEuropeLatin AmericaLatin America & The CaribbeanMiddle East & North AfricaNorth AmericaRussia & Central AsiaSaudi ArabiaSouth China SeaSub-Saharan AfricaMore TopicsDevelopmentEnergy & EnvironmentGeopolitics of OilHuman RightsInternationalPodcastsTechnologyTerrorismTrade & EconomicsFeatured Post The State of the World into 2024… Uncategorized by FPA Administrator | on February 5th, 2024 One month into the New Year, and we can already confirm that the rumors are true- 2024 will be a precedent setting year …. One might say that we enter the year between a rock and a hard place. Major conflicts rage on multiple fronts and along multiple planes. Literal fighting continues to take place […]Latest Posts IMEC: America’s Uncertain Response to China’s Silk Road Uncategorized by Matthew F. MacKenzie | on March 4th, 2024 In a global landscape rife with instability, conflict, and fragmentation, economic initiatives have hardly captured recent headlines. It comes with little surprise that French calls for a meeting of IMEC member states flew under the radar, much like the project’s announcement did when President Joe Biden unveiled its blueprints at the 2023 G20 Summit […] read more After the Eleventh Hour International by Richard Basas | on February 29th, 2024 Each day it appears that new conflicts are arising globally, and every month there is a change in the discussion on how these events were allowed to occur, and the best approach in resolving them. The best example of how to address many policy failures often comes from acknowledging past errors as well as […] read more Departing the Red Sea International by Richard Basas | on February 7th, 2024 The creation of the Suez Canal was successful in advancing trade from the East to Europe as a mark of industrial advancement in the 19th Century. So important was trade through the canal that it prompted national movements, significant wars, and inspired many other large similar projects worldwide. With the threat of Anti-Ship missiles being […] read more The Modernisation of Old Artillery International by Richard Basas | on January 30th, 2024 A picture of severely damaged Russian Il-22 command aircraft at Anapa Airport. – Giorgi Revishvili on X.com – Jan 15 2024. The Russia-Ukraine War was never going to become a one off, short term, easily achievable event. Ukraine was equipped, trained and armed to be the defense line for the Soviet Union during the […] read more Elections to be held in Azerbaijan following successful military operation Uncategorized by Rachel Avraham | on January 24th, 2024 It was recently announced in Azerbaijan that elections will be held in the country early, following the Azerbaijani military’s victorious campaign against the successionist regime in Khenkendi, which permitted Azerbaijan to reclaim all of the Karabakh region that was illegally occupied by Armenia in violation of four UN Security Council resolutions over the course of […] read more Accessory to Casus Belli International by Richard Basas | on January 16th, 2024 The end of 2023 became a demonstration of how bad policy had lead to the most evident atrocities ever documented in recorded history. What prevents many of these modern conflicts from spiralling out of control was a relatively new form of AI, in advanced missile systems that are capable of intercepting air and ballistic […] read more Germany has Deployed Forces in Europe, and yes, it is a Positive Development Uncategorized by Matthew F. MacKenzie | on January 4th, 2024 For the first time since World War II, Germany has established a permanent military presence outside its territorial borders. While the deployment of 4,800 soldiers to Lithuania appears modest, this historic shift in German strategic thinking could hold significant long-term implications for transatlantic security. Throughout the post-war period, the U.S. has guaranteed Germany’s and much […] read more In Omnia Paratus International by Richard Basas | on January 3rd, 2024 Nearshoring and other concepts where a nation and their supportive allies entrench their own economic, policy and security interests may begin in earnest in the upcoming year. This past year has done little to secure a safe society or economic stability anywhere in the world, and the costs of bad policy are now part […] read more Harfoush’s concert at the European Commission brings peace amidst dark Christmas Uncategorized by Rachel Avraham | on December 19th, 2023 “Tis the season to be merry,” but not in the Land of Israel, which is plagued by war and bloodshed. However, Harfoush’s concert at the European Commission brings peace amidst a dark Christmas in the Middle East. As Americans prepare to celebrate Christmas, they aspire to live in a world enjoying peace and […] read more The Plight of Displaced Nations Uncategorized by Rachel Avraham | on December 12th, 2023 The global displacement crisis has reached alarming proportions, with millions of people forced to leave their homes due to armed conflicts, persecution and systematic policies. According to the concept paper written for an international conference sponsored by the West Azerbaijan community, “It is imperative to prioritize the voluntary, safe and dignified return of expelled people […] read more The People’s Liberation Path International by Richard Basas | on December 6th, 2023 China has benefitted from the lack of focus on its actions since 2022 while the West was completely concentrated on Ukraine. The conflicts in Europe and the Middle East were not expected soon before they began, and once those conflicts took shape, the focus on China’s growing presence on the world stage was no longer […] read more Azerbaijan appropriates its imperial heritage Uncategorized by Rachel Avraham | on December 5th, 2023 If one asks the average American, who are the Qizilbash people, the average American won’t know what you are speaking about. They will say the “Qizil what?” And then, if you ask them about the connection of the Qizilbash people to Azerbaijan, the average American will ask you how to spell Azerbaijan and ponder […] read more The Foreign Policy Failures behind the Arab-Islamic Summit in KSA Uncategorized by Irina Tsukerman | on November 21st, 2023 The emergency Arab-Islamic summit in Saudi Arabia, which brought togethers leaders from the Arab world, including Bashir Al-Assad, Turkey, and even the president of Iran, has come to a close with the rejection of Israel’s claims to self-defense against Hamas, and a joint call for an immediate ceasefire and an end to the war in […] read more The Grand Dereliction International by Richard Basas | on November 16th, 2023 Discussions surrounding the entrance into a Third World War by some media commentaries take the position that wars in Eastern Europe and the Middle East will lead to an inevitable conflict between China and Taiwan without many other options to quell the oncoming conflict. While the War in Ukraine was entering a period of set […] read more About UsForeign Policy Blogs is a network of global affairs blogs and a supplement to the Foreign Policy Association’s Great Decisions program. Staffed by professional contributors from the worlds of journalism, academia, business, non-profits and think tanks, the FPB network tracks global developments on many topics of interest, daily. The FPB network is a production of the Foreign Policy Association.Popular PostsPopular TagsAfghanistan Africa Arab Spring Arctic Barack Obama Beijing Brazil Canada China corruption Democracy Egypt elections EU Foreign Policy human rights India Iran Iraq ISIS Israel Libya Middle East NATO North Korea Obama Oil Pakistan Putin Reza Akhlaghi Russia South China Sea Syria Taliban Terrorism Trump Turkey U.S. Ukraine United Nations United States US US foreign policy Venezuela Vietnam©2011 Foreign Policy Blogs – Blogger? Log In Here! FPA Home | Bookstore | Events | Great Decisions Contact us | Become a Blogger | Advertise