OWASP Foundation, the Open Source Foundation for Application Security | OWASP Foundation For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Store Donate Join This website uses cookies to analyze our traffic and only share that information with our analytics partners.Accept x Store Donate Join Explore the worldof cyber security Driven by volunteers, OWASP resources are accessible for everyone. Quick access to our highlighted flagship resourcesSee all flagship resources(15) Documentation Top Ten The reference standard for the most critical web application security risks → Documentation ASVS Application security verification standard → Documentation Cheat Sheets List of crucial app security information → Have an idea for a project? Take advantage of our resources andlet it grow with OWASP. Start a project Conference Registration is Open! Exhibitor and Sponsorship opportunities are being accepted! Participate in the OWASP 2024 Global AppSec Lisbon event alongside 700+ cybersecurity experts from June 24-28 at the Lisbon Congress Center in Lisbon, Portugal. Immerse yourself in insightful presentations by globally recognized keynote speakers, choose from our diverse range of five tracks, explore the exhibitor hall, and foster connections with fellow security professionals. Take advantage of our comprehensive training options*, available for one, two, and three days from June 24-26, followed by two conference days on June 27-28. Training requires a separate ticket. Conference Registration is open! Exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities are now available. Registration Open! Join us in Washington DC, USA Oct 30 - Nov 3, for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Designed for private and public sector infosec professionals, the two-day OWASP conference followed by three days of training equips developers, defenders, and advocates to build a more secure web. Join us for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and the community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Conference Registration is Open! Exhibitor and Sponsorship opportunities are being accepted! Participate in the OWASP 2024 Global AppSec Lisbon event alongside 700+ cybersecurity experts from June 24-28 at the Lisbon Congress Center in Lisbon, Portugal. Immerse yourself in insightful presentations by globally recognized keynote speakers, choose from our diverse range of five tracks, explore the exhibitor hall, and foster connections with fellow security professionals. Take advantage of our comprehensive training options*, available for one, two, and three days from June 24-26, followed by two conference days on June 27-28. Training requires a separate ticket. Conference Registration is open! Exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities are now available. Registration Open! Join us in Washington DC, USA Oct 30 - Nov 3, for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Designed for private and public sector infosec professionals, the two-day OWASP conference followed by three days of training equips developers, defenders, and advocates to build a more secure web. Join us for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and the community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Conference Registration is Open! Exhibitor and Sponsorship opportunities are being accepted! Participate in the OWASP 2024 Global AppSec Lisbon event alongside 700+ cybersecurity experts from June 24-28 at the Lisbon Congress Center in Lisbon, Portugal. Immerse yourself in insightful presentations by globally recognized keynote speakers, choose from our diverse range of five tracks, explore the exhibitor hall, and foster connections with fellow security professionals. Take advantage of our comprehensive training options*, available for one, two, and three days from June 24-26, followed by two conference days on June 27-28. Training requires a separate ticket. Conference Registration is open! Exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities are now available. Registration Open! Join us in Washington DC, USA Oct 30 - Nov 3, for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Designed for private and public sector infosec professionals, the two-day OWASP conference followed by three days of training equips developers, defenders, and advocates to build a more secure web. Join us for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and the community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Conference Registration is Open! Exhibitor and Sponsorship opportunities are being accepted! Participate in the OWASP 2024 Global AppSec Lisbon event alongside 700+ cybersecurity experts from June 24-28 at the Lisbon Congress Center in Lisbon, Portugal. Immerse yourself in insightful presentations by globally recognized keynote speakers, choose from our diverse range of five tracks, explore the exhibitor hall, and foster connections with fellow security professionals. Take advantage of our comprehensive training options*, available for one, two, and three days from June 24-26, followed by two conference days on June 27-28. Training requires a separate ticket. Conference Registration is open! Exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities are now available. Registration Open! Join us in Washington DC, USA Oct 30 - Nov 3, for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Designed for private and public sector infosec professionals, the two-day OWASP conference followed by three days of training equips developers, defenders, and advocates to build a more secure web. Join us for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and the community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Conference Registration is Open! Exhibitor and Sponsorship opportunities are being accepted! Participate in the OWASP 2024 Global AppSec Lisbon event alongside 700+ cybersecurity experts from June 24-28 at the Lisbon Congress Center in Lisbon, Portugal. Immerse yourself in insightful presentations by globally recognized keynote speakers, choose from our diverse range of five tracks, explore the exhibitor hall, and foster connections with fellow security professionals. Take advantage of our comprehensive training options*, available for one, two, and three days from June 24-26, followed by two conference days on June 27-28. Training requires a separate ticket. Conference Registration is open! Exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities are now available. Registration Open! Join us in Washington DC, USA Oct 30 - Nov 3, for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Designed for private and public sector infosec professionals, the two-day OWASP conference followed by three days of training equips developers, defenders, and advocates to build a more secure web. Join us for leading application security technologies, speakers, prospects, and the community, in a unique event that will build on everything you already know to expect from an OWASP Global Conference. Upcoming at OWASP Introducing the OWASP IoT Security Testing Guide (ISTG) Luca Pascal Rotsch, March 1, 2024 The multitude of networked devices contributing the Internet of Things (IoT) poses new risks for manufacturers, operators, and end users of solutions. Every IoT device represents potential threats to user data and supporting infrastructure when a single manipulated device has potential to endanger an ecosystem. Due to the interconnection of an array of technologies, standards and protocols, a considerable amount of effort is necessary to build and maintain a homogeneous level of IoT security. To reduce the risk of successful attacks, manufacturers and operators must periodically assess the security level of their IoT solutions. An instrument for this purpose is penetration testing such as goal based security assessments tailored toward target systems. We are excited to announce that the OWASP IoT Security Testing Guide project published its first release on March 1, 2024. This guide aims to provide comprehensive insights into testing the security of IoT devices and systems. ...read more Recent OWASP News & Opinions OWASP appoints Jason C. McDonald as Director of Community Development, February 12, 2024 OWASP joins the US AI Safety Institute Consortium (AISIC) at its launch to support collaborative efforts to safeguard AI., February 8, 2024 Trustwave Transfers ModSecurity Custodianship to OWASP, January 9, 2024 CycloneDX v1.6 Introduces Support for Attestations of Compliance with Any Standard, Improving Compliance and Scalability for Consumers and Vendors of Third Party Software, December 6, 2023 Upcoming Conferences OWASP Global AppSec Lisbon 2024, June 24-28, 2024 OWASP Global AppSec San Francisco 2024, September 23-27, 2024 OWASP Global AppSec Washington DC 2025, November 3-7, 2025 OWASP Global AppSec San Francisco 2026, November 2-6, 2026 Corporate Supporters Become a corporate supporter HOME PROJECTS CHAPTERS EVENTS ABOUT PRIVACY SITEMAP CONTACT OWASP, the OWASP logo, and Global AppSec are registered trademarks and AppSec Days, AppSec California, AppSec Cali, SnowFROC, and LASCON are trademarks of the OWASP Foundation, Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all content on the site is Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike v4.0 and provided without warranty of service or accuracy. For more information, please refer to our General Disclaimer. OWASP does not endorse or recommend commercial products or services, allowing our community to remain vendor neutral with the collective wisdom of the best minds in software security worldwide. Copyright 2024, OWASP Foundation, Inc.