GRID-Arendal We use cookies to imporve your experience. By using our site, you consent to our cookie policy OK Learn more arrow arrow_up breadcrumb-chevron-right breadcrumb-home dropdown-arrow-down loader logo GALogoWUNEP GALogo2018 GALogo2019 menu read-more-plus rrss-email rrss-facebook rrss-flickr rrss-instagram rrss-linkedin rrss-twitter rrss-vimeo rrss-youtube rrss_google_plus rrss_skype rrss_web pdf search share Completed In Process Ideas In Develpment Toogle Toogle Thumbnail View List View play close filter-collapse filter edit media_photo_library media_video_library graphics pictures videos collections next Activities Publications Resources News About Activities Publications Graphics Photos Videos News About GRID-Arendal is a non-profit environmental communications centre. We transform environmental data into innovative, science-based information products and provide capacity-building services. We aim to inform and activate a global audience and motivate decision-makers to effect positive change. GRID-Arendal collaborates with the United Nations Environment Programme and other partners around the world. GRID-Arendal is a non-profit environmental communications centre. We transform environmental data into innovative, science-based information products and provide capacity-building services. We aim to inform and activate a global audience and motivate decision-makers to effect positive change. GRID-Arendal collaborates with the United Nations Environment Programme and other partners around the world. Latest news View all news Plastic Action is Climate Action 04 Mar 2024 Building better communications 15 Dec 2023 Growing Resilience in Bhutan 11 Dec 2023 Looking to the heights 11 Dec 2023 Featured activities View all activities NIMPA + The 9,500 km2 Namibian Islands’ Marine Protected Area (NIMPA) is an iconic area of outstanding marine biodiversity. Completed Marine RiPL - Preventing plastic in Nepal rivers by strengthening the informal sector As the population of Kathmandu increases, plastic usage and thereby waste generation is also growing In progress Polar Blue Bijagos Sustainable management of marine resources and improved livelihoods at MPAs in Bijagós Archipelago. In progress Marine Featured publications View all publications Climate Impacts of Plastics This report seeks to identify options for measures and strengthen governmental accountability in addressing the climate impacts of plastics. 29 Feb 2024 Monograph Norwegian Blue Forests Network (NBFN) - Top Ten Trends from 2023 The NBFN Top Ten Trends 2023 Report delves into key Norwegian, regional, and global shifts, showcasing progress and highlighting bottlenecks 14 Feb 2024 Monograph Zero Draft Element interactive Info graphic This interactive infographic was developed as part of the AFRIPAC project as a result of the needs of the five countries in West-Africa 16 Jan 2024 Vital Graphics Series Staff Meet our staff Marco Vinaccia Expert, Climate Change Janet Skaalvik Head of Project Support Office Tina Schoolmeester Head of Programme, Polar and Climate Clever Mafuta Head of Programme, Waste and Marine Litter Anna Sinisalo Principal Expert, Polar and Climate Laurent Fouinat Senior Expert, Polar and Climate Connect With Us 2024 GRID-Arendal Disclaimer Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Licence.