Hackery, Math & Design — Acko.net Hackery, Math & Design Steven Wittens i Latest Posts I is for Intent Why your app turned into spaghetti Stable Fiddusion Frequency-domain blue noise generator Sub-pixel Distance Transform High quality font rendering for WebGPU Fuck It, We'll Do It Live How the Live effect run-time is implemented Teardown Frame Teardown Frame breakdown of Tuxedo Labs' voxel-based game Use.GPU Goes Trad Old is new again TV Tools for Thought The Pixel Factory Making Things With Maths Making WebGL Dance Toys and Research Featured Get in Zoomer, We're Saving React Looking back, and forward The GPU Banana Stand Freshly whipped WebGPU, with ice cream The Case for Use.GPU Reinventing rendering one shader at a time React - The Missing Parts Question the rules for fun and profit On Progress The known unknown knowns we lost. Who Doesn't Go Nazi? On the nature of our convictions. Frickin' Shaders With Frickin' Laser Beams Solve all your shader problems with this one weird trick. The Coddling of the Professional Mind Teaching Johnny what thinking is In Search of Sophistication Cultural assimilation, theory vs practice. On Variance and Extensibility Making code reusable is not an art, it's a job. Headless React Doing React-like things without React. Reconcile All The Things Visual programming for coders. Climbing Mount Effect Let's actually whiteboard some code. On Sperging Out The boy who cried leopard. On Witchcraft Lies, damned lies, and social media. Minds of Its Own A tale from the loop. On Headaches and Aspirin A computer is an educational device. Geeks, MOPs and Lightsabers How to mismanage your product and alienate your core audience The Database is on Fire Real-Time Database Products By Google™ Laughing to Transgress Oh, how we used to laugh. Software Development as Advanced Damage Control On the reason why software isn't better. Know your Bluecheck Immigration from the inside. Minimum Viable Bureaucracy How to stay sane in a world of remote, async work. Lessons From Interesting People Knowledge.z Hello World on the GPU An easy tutorial for beginners in Rust. Model-View-Catharsis MVC was a mistake. The Incremental Machine Up and down the ladder of needlessly recomputing things. APIs are About Policy REST vs GraphQL, a pox on both houses. Falling into Faith A retrospective on cultural shifts in tech and elsewhere. Occupy WWW Street Internet activism and media in the age of social justice. Shader­Graph 2 Functional GLSL metaprogramming. MathBox² PowerPoint must die. The Cargo Cult of Game Mechanics On the existential crisis in gaming and the role of game design. Shadow DOM Why HTML/CSS is broken and how to fix it. On Asm.js Just a shiny demo or the future of browser computing? Animate Your Way to Glory Putting math into motion and controlling it precisely, with a little help from Isaac Newton and Admiral Ackbar. Zero to Sixty in One Second A new design for Acko.net, fusing WebGL, CSS 3D and HTML at sixty frames per second. Why Android Hates You Usability, affordance and grannies in Vegas. On mobile phones. Storms and Teacups Observations on gender, feminism and harrassment. On WebGL You can transform your ordinary browser into a lush 3D world with one click. Why should you care? To Infinity… And Beyond! Exploring the outer limits: on the nature of infinity, continuity and convergence. How to Fold a Julia Fractal A tale of numbers that like to turn: a different look at complex numbers and the strange things they do. Making MathBox Presentation-quality math with Three.js and WebGL. This is Your Brain on CSS In which I make a creepy disembodied head in your browser. Making Love to WebKit If the world is going to end in 2012, Acko.net will at least go out in style: I've redesigned. My JS1K Demo - The Making Of I couldn't resist making a demo for the JS1K contest. So I pulled out my bag of tricks from my Winamp visualization days. Making Worlds: Introduction In this multi-part series I try to make a procedural planet generator that runs on the GPU. Noir meets web I designed a 'farewell' page for Leuven Speelt, a student theater group run by friends. Safe String Theory for the Web A thorough breakdown of the thorny problem of handling textual data on and around the web. Farbtastic Color Picker An easy-to-use, compact jQuery color picker. Advanced Visualization Studio AVS was a music visualizer that shipped with Winamp, popular in the early 2000s. I made lots of visuals for it. About Acko.net is the personal site of Steven Wittens. Archive Subscribe About © 2003–2024 This article contains graphics made with WebGL, which your browser does not seem to support. Try Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. ×