TV Tonight | Australia's Leading TV Blog Skip to content Australia's Leading TV Blog On Hiatus Log In Subscribe News Programming Calendar Guides Subscription Reviews Ratings Video TV Lounge News Programming Calendar Guides Subscription Reviews Ratings Video TV Lounge Search ABC 7:30 ABC News Back Roads Best Interests Better Date than Never Death in Paradise Gardening Australia Grand Designs Transformations House of Gods Insiders Media Watch Midsomer Murders Nemesis News Breakfast Planet America This is Going to Hurt Total Control Seven Australian Idol Below Deck Down Under Home & Away Mr Bates vs the Post Office Seven News Sunrise The 1% Club The Chase The Morning Show Nine 60 Minutes A Current Affair Big Miracles Married at First Sight Nine News Space Invaders The Hundred with Andy Lee Tipping Point Today Today Extra 10 10 News First Ambulance Australia Australian Survivor Deal or No Deal FBI International Gogglebox Neighbours The Dog House The Graham Norton Show The Project SBS Australia’s Sleep Revolution with Dr. Michael Mosley Celebrity Letters & Numbers Culprits Eddie’s Lil Homies Mastermind SBS World News The Cook-Up with Adam Liaw The Good Ship Murder The Matchmakers Foxtel Apples Never Fall Belgravia: The Next Chapter Bookie Death in Paradise Cobra Curb Your Enthusiasm Feud Gogglebox Grimsburg Mary & George True Detective Vigil Ted Netflix 3 Body Problem Boy Swallows Universe Eddie’s Lil Homies Griselda Heartbreak High Queer Eye Disney A Murder at the End of the World Avatar: The Last Air Bender Death & Other Details Extraordinary Star Wars: The Bad Batch Apple Constellation Masters of the Air Monarch: Legacy of Monsters Slow Horses The Changeling The New Look Stan Dr. Death Hightown Population 11 Prosper The Tourist The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live Three Women Trigger Point Windcatcher Prime Expats Five Blind Dates Mr & Mrs Smith Palm Royale Reacher Paramount A Gentleman in Moscow Geordie Shore Halo Lawmen: Bass Reeves Sexy Beast The Gilded Age The Family Stallone ABC 7:30 ABC News Back Roads Best Interests Better Date than Never Death in Paradise Gardening Australia Grand Designs Transformations House of Gods Insiders Media Watch Midsomer Murders Nemesis News Breakfast Planet America This is Going to Hurt Total Control Seven Australian Idol Below Deck Down Under Home & Away Mr Bates vs the Post Office Seven News Sunrise The 1% Club The Chase The Morning Show Nine 60 Minutes A Current Affair Big Miracles Married at First Sight Nine News Space Invaders The Hundred with Andy Lee Tipping Point Today Today Extra 10 10 News First Ambulance Australia Australian Survivor Deal or No Deal FBI International Gogglebox Neighbours The Dog House The Graham Norton Show The Project SBS Australia’s Sleep Revolution with Dr. Michael Mosley Celebrity Letters & Numbers Culprits Eddie’s Lil Homies Mastermind SBS World News The Cook-Up with Adam Liaw The Good Ship Murder The Matchmakers Foxtel Apples Never Fall Belgravia: The Next Chapter Bookie Death in Paradise Cobra Curb Your Enthusiasm Feud Gogglebox Grimsburg Mary & George True Detective Vigil Ted Netflix 3 Body Problem Boy Swallows Universe Eddie’s Lil Homies Griselda Heartbreak High Queer Eye Disney A Murder at the End of the World Avatar: The Last Air Bender Death & Other Details Extraordinary Star Wars: The Bad Batch Apple Constellation Masters of the Air Monarch: Legacy of Monsters Slow Horses The Changeling The New Look Stan Dr. Death Hightown Population 11 Prosper The Tourist The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live Three Women Trigger Point Windcatcher Prime Expats Five Blind Dates Mr & Mrs Smith Palm Royale Reacher Paramount A Gentleman in Moscow Geordie Shore Halo Lawmen: Bass Reeves Sexy Beast The Gilded Age The Family Stallone Search Search Close News Programming Calendar Guides Subscription Reviews Ratings Video TV Lounge News Programming Calendar Guides Subscription Reviews Ratings Video TV Lounge About Contact Links Comments Policy Advertise on this site About Contact Links Comments Policy Advertise on this site Search Search 0 Australia sends Electric Fields to Eurovision 2024 Finally, fan-favourite act become Australia's first duo to compete in Eurovision with their striking song, One Milkali (One Blood). Daily Pick Australia’s Sleep Revolution with Dr. Michael Mosley Dr Michael Mosley enlists in a world-first, two-month sleep treatment program at Flinders University Sleep Institute. 7:30pm Wednesday on SBS The 1% Club The Weekly with Charlie Pickering Under Investigation The Front Bar Extraordinary ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Mary & George An ambitious mother hatches a plan for her handsome son to seduce King James in a deliciously brash period drama. ★★★★★ 0/5 1 Dateline reinvents to reach 40th year on SBS With just two staff reporters, Australia's longest running international current affairs show has had to stay nimble to become a TV survivor. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Spotlight on Guesswork Television Guesswork Television has produced some of Australia's favourite shows including Rosehaven, Hard Quiz, The Weekly, Deadloch & Please Like Me. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Mary & George An ambitious mother hatches a plan for her handsome son to seduce King James in a deliciously brash period drama. ★★★★★ 0/5 1 Dateline reinvents to reach 40th year on SBS With just two staff reporters, Australia's longest running international current affairs show has had to stay nimble to become a TV survivor. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Spotlight on Guesswork Television Guesswork Television has produced some of Australia's favourite shows including Rosehaven, Hard Quiz, The Weekly, Deadloch & Please Like Me. Previous Next News ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Australia sends Electric Fields to Eurovision 2024 Finally, fan-favourite act become Australia's first duo to compete in Eurovision with their striking song, One Milkali (One Blood). ★★★★★ 0/5 0 AIDC 2024: Third season for Muster Dogs It's Kelpies vs Border Collies in a third season of hit ABC series. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Kerry O’Brien: “It is the content itself on which the ABC will live and die” As Ita Buttrose departs ABC, a former ABC presenter expresses fears about the direction of the public broadcaster. 7 Audience tix: Taskmaster Australia 10 The twang in Australian Idol 0 Ratings Tipping Point leads game show battle on Monday 5 US network signs onto Baywatch reboot 0 AIDC 2024: The Kimberley, new natural history series for ABC 8 Free TV campaigns on sport digital rights, but wait… View All > Daily Pick Australia’s Sleep Revolution with Dr. Michael Mosley Dr Michael Mosley enlists in a world-first, two-month sleep treatment program at Flinders University Sleep Institute. 7:30pm Wednesday on SBS The 1% Club The Weekly with Charlie Pickering Under Investigation The Front Bar Extraordinary Ratings Monday National TV Reach: 1. MARRIED AT FIRST SIGHT 2,778,000 2. SEVEN NEWS 2,180,000 3. 9NEWS 1,992,000 4. A CURRENT AFFAIR 1,807,000 5. AUSTRALIAN IDOL 1,413,000 Latest Ratings Ratings Archive Programming Programming Calendar Guides ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Returning: Footy Classified Eddie McGuire, Matthew Lloyd, Damian Barrett, Jimmy Bartel and Alicia Muling discuss latest AFL news. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 The Graham Norton Show: Mar 8 Guests: Sean 'Diddy' Combs, Ashley Jensen, George Mackay, Chris and Rosie Ramsey & Jessie Ware. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Better Date than Never: Mar 5 Jack and his date navigate awkwardness and turn their anxiety into a game. 0 The Hundred with Andy Lee: Mar 5 0 Back Roads: Mar 5 0 Foreign Correspondent: Mar 7 0 Airdate: America’s Got Talent: Fantasy League 0 9Now: Global Citizen Nights: Live from Melbourne 0 Insight: Mar 5 View All > Ratings Monday National TV Reach: 1. MARRIED AT FIRST SIGHT 2,778,000 2. SEVEN NEWS 2,180,000 3. 9NEWS 1,992,000 4. A CURRENT AFFAIR 1,807,000 5. AUSTRALIAN IDOL 1,413,000 Latest Ratings Ratings Archive Subscription ★★★★★ 0/5 Exclusive 0 Fetch TV to launch own TV Operating System Bye bye set top box as Fetch TV undertakes conversations with TV manufacturers and retailers. ★★★★★ 0/5 Netflix 0 Airdate: Homicide: New York Dick Wolf co-produces a docu-series hearing from the detectives and prosecutors who cracked real cases. ★★★★★ 0/5 Netflix 5 Axed: The Brothers Sun Dark comedic drama with Michelle Yeoh ends at one season. 1 Disney+ Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour: trailer 1 Binge Foxtel Airdate: The Reckoning 0 Netflix Airdate: Hannah Gadsby’s Gender Agenda 0 Prime Prime Video / NIDA Scholarships 2024 1 Netflix Returning: Young Royals 1 Hayu Airdate: The Valley View All > Poll What do you think of recent changes to Logie voting and categories? Change for the better Categories have been improved Nup. Keep Popular and Outstanding separate Voting process sounds overly complex Huh? What changes? Other View Results Loading ... Reviews ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Mary & George An ambitious mother hatches a plan for her handsome son to seduce King James in a deliciously brash period drama. ★★★★★ 0/5 5 The Regime Kate Winslet stars as the eccentric, paranoid Chancellor of a small European state who meets her match in an unexpected new confidant. ★★★★★ 0/5 1 House of Gods In the community belonging to a Shiite mosque, ambitious Isa is hoping his father will become the new cleric -but at what cost? ★★★★★ 0/5 2 Constellation An astronaut returns to Earth to discover pieces of her life seem to be missing in Apple TV's moody slow-burn series starring Noomi Rapace. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Eddie’s Lil’ Homies A little bit of rap, a little bit of diversity and a lot of play in a bright new kid's series from both NITV and Netflix. ★★★★★ 0/5 1 Five Blind Dates Prime Video's first Australian film is a sweet romantic comedy led by a Chinese tea shop owner whose fortune reading predicts true love. ★★★★★ 0/5 20 Mr. Bates vs The Post Office There were hundreds of cases of local postmasters ruined by faulty computer software, but it took a TV drama to ignite a national backlash. ★★★★★ 0/5 2 Hitler’s Jewish Soldier? SBS doco investigates whether a 5 year old Jewish boy became a Nazi mascot in order to survive, before living in secrecy as an adult in Australia. ★★★★★ 0/5 0 Feud: Capote vs The Swans Tom Hollander stars as American writer Truman Capote who incensed New York socialites in a series dripping in fabulous performances. Previous Next View All > Subscribe to TV Tonight Your free weekly newsletter with extra industry news & insights Subscribe Pages News Programming Calendar Guides Subscription Reviews Ratings Video TV Lounge Info About Contact Links Comments Policy Advertise All Stories Feed Log In Log Out Twitter © 2024 TV Tonight.Website by Joel Eade Design. Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Log In Lost your password? | Register