Popular Science Homepage | Popular Science Popular Science Returns To YouTube: Wednesday, March 6 Channels Science Archaeology Ask Us Anything Biology Dinosaurs Physics Space Technology AI Aviation Best of What’s New Engineering Internet Military Robots Security Vehicles Photography Environment Agriculture Animals Climate Change Conservation Energy Sustainability Weather DIY Life Skills Projects Tech Hacks Health Diseases Fitness & Exercise Medicine Nutrition Psychology Gear Audio Cameras Computers Fitness Gear Gaming Gift Guides Home Home Theater Outdoor Gear Phones Tablets Wearables More Merch PopSci Shop Podcasts Video PopSci+ FIND US ON Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest Youtube Flipboard Apple News+ RSS SOCIAL Newsletter Sign-Up Science Archaeology Ask Us Anything Biology Dinosaurs Physics Space Technology AI Aviation Best of What's New Engineering Internet Military Robots Security Vehicles Photography Environment Agriculture Animals Climate Change Conservation Energy Sustainability Weather DIY Life Skills Projects Tech Hacks Health Diseases Fitness & Exercise Medicine Nutrition Psychology Gear Audio Cameras Computers Fitness Gear Gaming Gift Guides Home Home Theater Outdoor Gear Phones Tablets Wearables MERCH Newsletter Sign-Up The decades-long quest for lab-grown organs After more than half a century, researchers are still trying to figure out how to engineer individualized organs in a lab. By Bill Gourgey The best studio monitor stands for 2024 These stands allow you to position and isolate your speakers perfectly so you can dial in a mix or a mood expertly. By Brandt Ranj Volcano on island in the Galapagos spews lava into the sea The eruption occurred on Fernandina Island, which is uninhabited by humans. Meanwhile, southwestern Iceland faces more imminent volcanic activity. By Laura Baisas The mysterious ‘star dune’ in the Sahara is on the move Morocco's Lala Lallia—one of the world's oldest known 'star dunes'—is slowly inching west. By Laura Baisas Listen to three breathtaking NASA images Sonification translates complex space data into soundscapes. By Laura Baisas Science Orca observed hunting and killing a great white shark by itself for the first time Watch how the marine mammals hunt in South Africa, where they have developed a particular taste for shark liver. By Laura Baisas Watch: Three bald eagles could hatch any day now By Laura Baisas Watch the plasma fly in space capsule’s dramatic fall to Earth By Andrew Paul March’s skies shine with the worm moon, a bright Mercury, and penumbral lunar eclipse By Laura Baisas View all Tech AI promised humanlike machines–in 1958 We’ve been here before. By Danielle Williams / The Conversation What Boeing’s door-plug debacle says about the future of aviation safety By John Downer / MIT Press Why scientists are tracking whale tails with AI By Mack DeGeurin OpenAI wants to devour a huge chunk of the internet. Who’s going to stop them? By Andrew Paul View all Gear & Reviews The best air purifiers for smoke in 2024, tested and reviewed By Terri Williams The best office chairs for 2024 By Stacey Ritzen , Curtis Silver , Stan Horaczek Jump for joy—get an iPad for $250 at Best Buy on Leap Day By Brandt Ranj The best electric commuter bikes for 2024 By Heather Kuldell View all Space Why our tumultuous sun was relatively quiet in the late 1600s By Briley Lewis Odie the lunar lander is not dead yet By Andrew Paul NASA and Google Earth Engine team up with researchers to help save tigers By Andrew Paul Astronomers discover new moons orbiting Uranus and Neptune By Laura Baisas View all Life Hacks A beginner-friendly guide to the perfect push-up By Jocelyn Solis-Moreira How to work safely and securely in public spaces By David Nield How to store winter clothes during the warmer months By Abby Ferguson How to use Google’s new Gemini AI with Gmail, Google Docs, and more By David Nield View all Health CDC recommends Americans 65 and over get additional COVID-19 vaccine By Laura Baisas How to check your measles vaccination status amid outbreak By Laura Baisas The EV shift could prevent millions of childhood asthma attacks By Katie Myers/Grist Gene-edited pigs immune to deadly virus could arrive on farms by next year By Andrew Paul View all Environment What will it take to make truly compostable plastic? Mar 4, 2024 8:00 AM Environment Decades after the US buried nuclear waste abroad, climate change could unearth it Mar 1, 2024 8:00 AM Environment How a single honey bee colony led to a species invasion Feb 29, 2024 11:00 AM Environment View all Animals The butterfly redemption: Inside the quest to save a struggling species Feb 29, 2024 7:00 AM Environment This tiny fish is louder than an airplane taking off Feb 28, 2024 1:00 PM Environment Why flamingo milk is pink Feb 28, 2024 9:00 AM Environment View all Deals & More Get these Celestron Eclipse glasses now before it’s too late The best 4K projectors in 2024, tested and reviewed The best budget soundbars for 2024 The best AAA batteries in 2024 The best projectors for daylight viewing in 2024 Apple’s newest 15-inch MacBook Air is $300 off at Best Buy—but not for long The best portable printers for 2024 Get this 14-inch HP Chromebook for just $159 (regularly $299) during this limited Best Buy deal The best earplugs for work in 2024 The best photo blankets to show off your memories in 2024 The best photo printers for 2024, tested and reviewed The best sex toys for couples, tested and reviewed This pet-friendly air purifier from Shark is 38% off at Amazon right now The best budget 3D printers for 2024 The best fire starters for camping and fireplaces, according to experts The best HDR monitors for 2024 Roadtrips to roadmaps: Inside Rockford Fosgate’s speaker development process The best fat tire electric bikes for 2024, tested and reviewed Get this massager that’s actually for your neck The best swivel recliners for 2024 Save on classic Levi’s jeans and denim jackets at Amazon during this rare sale The best e-bike conversion kits in 2024 Best Studio Monitors Save $300 on an AI-powered Shark robot vacuum at Amazon The best last-minute Valentine’s Day gifts to spread the love The best projectors under $500 in 2024 Last chance: Update your TV before the Super Bowl and save 38% on this Samsung QLED 14 Valentine’s Day gifts that you’ll want to use in bed Clean up before your Super Bowl party with $120 off a Dyson cordless vacuum The best power lift recliners for mobility and comfort in 2024 Save nearly 60 percent on the Instant Vortex Air Fryer in time for the Super Bowl The best recliners for sleeping in 2024 The best full-suspension e-bikes for 2024 Last chance: Get a 75-inch Sony 4K TV for its lowest price ever before the Super Bowl What is 8K and should your next TV have it? The best fire extinguishers for 2024 Don’t fumble your chance to get $50 off Solo Stove fire pits before the Super Bowl The best PS5 controllers for taking control of your games in 2024 Save 40% on Anker surge protectors, USB-C docks, and other boring-but-essential PC accessories The best recliners for back pain in 2024 The best office chairs under $200 in 2024 The best soundbars for any room and budget The best chair mats for smooth rolling in 2024 The best TVs for watching sports in 2024 The best Sonos speakers in 2024 The best blankets for movie nights and catching z’s Get a 75-Inch TV for just $630 in time for the Super Bowl with this deal from Amazon The best robotic pool cleaners for 2024 Don’t wait for a dead car battery to buy this jump starter at Amazon Splurge and save $200 on this high-end De’Longhi espresso machine with grinder and milk frother View all Latest By Laura Baisas Feb 29, 2024 Science Why we don’t have tails CRISPR helps scientists pinpoint the genes that may have led to tail loss about 25 million years ago. By Ellen Airhart Feb 29, 2024 Science Why leap years exist Chaos would ensue if we didn’t have a leap day. By Mack DeGeurin Feb 29, 2024 Technology OpenAI wants to make a walking, talking humanoid robot smarter Figure’s founder Brett Adcock says a new partnership with OpenAI could help its robots hold conversation and learn from its mistakes over time. By Laura Baisas Feb 29, 2024 Science Human have been eating hazelnuts for at least 6,000 years Forest and fields change over time. Some very old hazelnuts shells can tell us how. By Andrew Paul Feb 28, 2024 Technology The Apple Car is dead Apple has officially scrapped its multibillion dollar autonomous EV plans to focus on AI. By Harri Weber Feb 28, 2024 Environment Plastic makers lied about recycling for decades. What do we do next? The plastic industry pushed recycling as a solution to waste, while internally dismissing it as technically and economically unviable. By Richard B. (Ricky) Rood / The Conversation Feb 28, 2024 Environment Why is it so warm right now? Diagnosing ‘warming winter syndrome’ as summerlike heat sweeps into central and eastern US. By Andrew Paul Feb 27, 2024 Environment Jellyfish-inspired glowing dye can glom onto fingerprints at crime scenes Forensic science might get a boost from an unlikely source. By Maddie Stone/Grist Feb 27, 2024 Environment How to recycle the giant magnets inside wind turbines? These scientists have a few ideas. Many turbines rely on high-demand rare-earth minerals. A new Department of Energy program aims to keep them out of landfills. By Laura Baisas Feb 27, 2024 Environment See the strange new species discovered near Chile—with the help of a deep-diving sea robot These new creatures were discovered thousands of feet under the Pacific. Like science, tech, and DIY projects? Sign up to receive Popular Science's emails and get the highlights. LET'S GO Links Home About Popular Science PopSci+ Newsletter Sign-up How We Test & Review Products Editorial Standards Contact Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap DepositPhotos Affiliate Disclosure Follow us DISCLAIMER(S) Articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service. © 2024 Recurrent. All rights reserved.