PRISM Climate Group at Oregon State University Home Normals Comparisons This Month Prior 6 Months Recent Years Historical Past Projects Explorer FAQ PRISM Climate Data Data Update: New Daily Normals Daily normals (1991-2020) for ppt, tmax, tmin, tmean, tdmean, vpdmax, and vpdmin (version D1) are now available! These are daily versions of the monthly normals. Visit the Normals section for access to the daily normals, including map animations. Alert posted 2024-02-01 Data Update: Monthly Normals Adjustment A limited update to the 1991-2020 PRISM monthly and annual normals (M5) for tmax, tmin, tmean, tdmean, vpdmax, and vpdmin has been made (ppt monthly normals remain at version M4). Changes made to the previous 1991-2020 normals (M4) released in November 2021 involve adjustments to a limited number of grid cells along the US West Coast to align with the recently developed daily normals. Alert posted 2024-02-01 The PRISM Climate Group gathers climate observations from a wide range of monitoring networks, applies sophisticated quality control measures, and develops spatial climate datasets to reveal short- and long-term climate patterns. The resulting datasets incorporate a variety of modeling techniques and are available at multiple spatial/temporal resolutions, covering the period from 1895 to the present. Whenever possible, we offer these datasets to the public, either free of charge or for a fee (depending on dataset size/complexity and funding available for the activity). Methods used by the PRISM model Descriptions of the PRISM datasets How we developed the PRISM model Publications about PRISM Bulk download information (FTP, web services) 4km polygon mesh shapefile (15MB .zip) Calendar of PRISM dataset updates What's new at PRISM PRISM-Updates mailing list Help improve PRISM data as a citizen scientist Daily map graphics generator Journal articles describing how we developed our daily precipitation grids and solar radiation normals are now available! High-Resolution Data Available The native grid resolution of the PRISM datasets is 800m, but they have been filtered to 4km resolution for easier downloading and manipulation on this website. The 800m versions of all PRISM datasets, which contain 25x more information, are available to users for a fee. Details on availability, pricing, and ordering are found here. 30-Year Normals: At the end of each decade, average values for temperature and precipitation are computed over the preceding 30 years. The current set of 30-year normals covers the period 1991-2020. Comparisons: Maps showing how observed values have been deviating from long-term conditions (also known as anomalies) - includes the new Drought Indicator tool. This Month: Although still very preliminary, results based on daily data readings are available for the month-in-progress. Prior 6 Months: Provisional results based on both monthly and daily data are available for the 6 most recently completed months. Recent Years: Daily and monthly observations become stabilized after 6 months. At that point the time series datasets are posted in this section, along with annual values computed at the end of each year. Historical Past: Values prior to 1981 are based on less extensive observations. Time series datasets computed using monthly modeling are available for the years 1895-1990. Projects: Map images and data prepared for outside agencies but now released for public use. Includes USDA Plant Hardiness Zone Maps, climate data for areas outside the continental U.S., and map images for individual states. Data Explorer: analyze and download time-series data for a single location. FAQ: Answers to frequently asked questions This website is supported by the USDA Risk Management Agency Questions to prism-questions@nacse.org © 2024 Northwest Alliance for Computational Science & Engineering (NACSE), based at Oregon State University