EDB: Open-Source, Enterprise Postgres Database Management Skip to main content Talk to an Expert My Account Dashboard BigAnimal Support Center Training Portal Migration Portal Partner Portal Account Settings Sign Out Sign In EDB Login BigAnimal Login Products EDB PRODUCTS Postgres Cloud Postgres Database-as-a-Service BigAnimal BigAnimal Performance Insights (Coming soon) BigAnimal Data Migration Service (Coming soon) EDB ENTERPRISE ADVANCED Commercial Software with Enterprise Support Postgres Advanced Server Postgres Distributed Postgres for Kubernetes View EDB Software Portfolio SUBSCRIPTION PLANS BigAnimal Plans Fully managed Postgres in the cloud Enterprise Plan Extending Postgres for enterprises Standard Plan PostgreSQL with enterprise tooling Community 360 Plan Leverage the power of PostgreSQL Subscription Plan Comparison Solutions EDB SOLUTIONS Your Power to Postgres Everywhere Flexible deployment options to fit the needs of your enterprise Migrate from Oracle to Postgres with EDB Oracle compatibility, enhanced migration tools, industry-leading support Public Sector Solutions Postgres to accelerate mission outcomes Fully Managed Solution for Oracle Migration Multi-cloud database-as-a-service approach Fully Managed Solution for Developers The fastest way to develop apps with PostgreSQL Oracle Migration Calculator Estimate savings by migrating from Oracle to Postgres Services & Support SERVICES Professional Services, Support and Training Overview Increase your Postgres productivity and decrease your risk Professional Services Expert services and support Training Learn Postgres from EDB experts SUPPORT Technical Account Management Proactive guidance and partnership Remote DBA Expert proactive support for your deployments Developers DOCUMENTATION AND RESOURCES EDB Docs EDB product documentation Platform Compatibility Supported versions and operating systems Knowledge Base & Tech Alerts Searchable support articles and alerts Postgres Tutorial Blog Read the latest about Postgres and more Support Support for PostgreSQL everywhere DOWNLOADS AND INSTALLERS Software Downloads EDB integrated portfolio of software Download PostgreSQL Open source PostgreSQL package and installers Resources LEARN Blog Industry news and thought leadership Customer Success Stories Achieving more with Postgres Events Local events near you Webinars Upcoming and on-demand webinars White Papers PostgreSQL research and analysis Resource Feature Callout 1 Connect The Builders: A Postgres Podcast Discussions about Postgres, Data and AI featuring EDB Technical Staff. Listen to Podcast Resource Feature Callout 2 The Builders: A Postgres Podcast Futures in Focus (CMO Michael Gale) Spotlights on how visionaries and leaders are thinking about tomorrow's world. Listen to Podcast Company About We are Postgres experts Why EDB Real Enterprise Postgres by Real Postgres Experts Press Room Press Releases and Media Resources Careers Work at EDB Contact Us Talk to sales, get support and more Become a Partner Become a partner with EDB Find a Partner Search for global business partners EDB Partners Robust partner network Why Partner With EDB Benefits of being an EDB global business partner Header CTA Talk to an Expert My Account Dashboard BigAnimal Support Center Training Portal Migration Portal Partner Portal Account Settings Sign Out Sign In EDB Login BigAnimal Login Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. SearchClear #1 IN POSTGRES THE MOST ADMIRED, DESIRED, & USED DATABASE. Get Started Learn More EDB is Trusted by Top Companies Everywhere Operational Resiliency, Scalability and Disaster Recovery with EDB Postgres Distributed Extreme high availability minimizes downtime and provides access to data and applications - even through major version upgrades. Maximize Uptime Extreme high availability ensures that high-value transactions happen when they need to and deliver the uptime customers and partners expect. Protect Business-Critical Applications Redundancy architecture for frequently accessed applications provides a higher level of availability and protection. Increase Availability of Web-Based Applications Redirecting traffic to functional servers ensures online applications stay up and running in the event a server fails. Avoid Productivity Disruption Enterprises can perform full version upgrades and maintenance with little downtime and can avoid costly maintenance weekends. The Biggest Contributor to PostgreSQL, Developers’ Most Loved Database EDB builds Postgres, alongside a vibrant, independent community. As the biggest contributor, with the most committers, nobody supports Postgres better than EDB. You have direct access to the experts shaping the direction of the technology. The Same Postgres Everywhere EDB creates a secure and consistent environment whether running in Kubernetes, public clouds including Azure, AWS and GCP, on-premises, or a hybrid environment. Cloud Database Preparation Get guidance and support on developing and implementing your cloud database strategy. Learn More Hybrid and Multi-Cloud Combine public and private cloud services for maximum flexibility. Learn More Self-Managed Private Cloud Extend PostgreSQL with security and performance capabilities for your enterprise. Learn More EDB BigAnimal Managed Database Postgres-as-a-Service for all Major Cloud Platforms Start Free Learn More EDB Community 360 PostgreSQL 1st with Autopilot on Google Kubernetes Engine in Google Marketplace. eBook: The Power of Postgres Extreme High Availability: 3 Must-Read Success Stories This guide demonstrates the undeniable importance of high availability in databases. It explores how Postgres guarantees that and how businesses can continually augment their Postgres database’s reliability. Learn the full potential of Postgres Extreme High Availability, told by three enterprises who have witnessed it first-hand. Read Now Postgres Resources and Support at Your Fingertips Start fast and keep going strong with the information and tools you need to get the most out of Postgres. Research and Learn Knowledge BaseBlogDocumentation SitePostgres Download and InstallersPlatform Compatibility Software Updates EDB Postgres Advanced ServerPostgreSQLView All Updates Docs Postgres Enterprise ManagerEDB BigAnimalEDB Postgres for KubernetesEDB Postgres Advanced ServerView All Documentation Social Nav Footer Footer Nav Main Products and Solutions Solutions Software Portfolio Subscription Plans Comparison Topics What is Cloud Computing? What is Database-as-a-Service? Press Room Press Releases Company Leadership Team Careers Footer Copyright CTA © 2024 EDB Legal Notices ESG Privacy Policy Marketing Preferences Cookie Preferences