Earn Free Gift Cards and Cash with Online Paid Surveys | Swagbucks Swagbucks Log In Swagbucks Log In Save Money. Make Money. Members like you have already cashed out: $ 574,619,202 in cash back from using Swagbucks Join for free! I agree to the Terms of Use and to receive marketing email messages from Swagbucks, and I accept the Privacy Policy. I agree to the Terms of Use and to receive marketing email messages from Swagbucks, and I accept the Privacy Policy. Please select to continue Continue with Google Continue with Apple or Continue with Email Email Address Password Confirm Password Create Account Cancel Already have an account? Log In How it Works After signing up, tell us about yourself to get personalized offers. Redeem gift cards to your favorite retailers like Amazon and Walmart or get cash back from PayPal. Get paid to answer surveys. Anytime. Anywhere. Share your opinions by completing online surveys to earn extra cash. From single question polls to 30 minute market research questionnaires, there's always time to earn Swagbucks. Sign Up Now Cash back shopping online & instore Swagbucks is one of the most extensive shopping rewards programs on the internet. Find coupons, promo codes, deals, and cash back offers to your favorite stores. Combine with your preferred credit card to earn additional cash back. Sign Up Now Entertainment that pays From web browser games to our popular Swagbucks Daily Trivia app, you can get paid to play games. Create or discover the latest short videos on Swagit. Sign Up Now Testimonials Trustpilot Sign Up Now $574,619,202 paid to members around the globe 7,000+ gift cards redeemed daily from popular merchants and restaurants 1,500+ of retailers to earn cash-back from Press Mentions Finance "You can do these on your computer or phone. Instead of mindlessly scrolling through social media, you might as well earn a little bit of cash. Put those thumbs to good use!" - Tina Cosgrove ABC News Business "a browser extension that makes it easier to earn points.” “a nice way to be rewarded for the activities you're doing anyway." Business Insider Tech "definitely worth a try if you like free stuff." "The service continues to offer rewards -- real ones -- for things you already do online" Cnet Business "well established and can legitimately help you earn cash back" New York Times Tech "the site’s expansive rewards marketplace has hundreds of options to choose from, including gift cards, sweepstakes and PayPal payments." NerdWallet Finance "If you're hoping to earn some extra cash fast without having to invest significant time or finances, then paid surveys may be a feasible option for you." CBS News Popular Merchants Amazon earn up to 10% cash back Macy's earn 8% cash back Nike earn up to 10% cash back BestBuy earn up to 4 % cash back Priceline earn up to 10% cash back Shop Disney earn up to 4% cash back The Home Depot earn up to 16% cash back Sephora earn 8% cash back Old Navy earn up to 2% cash back Kohl's earn 4% cash back Lowe's earn up to 4% cash back Walmart earn up to 2% cash back Put cash back in your wallet! Sign Up Now Available For Your Smartphone Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play English Deutsch Français (France) Español (España) Português (Portugal) Italiano русский Français (Canada) 中文 العربية Język polski Türkçe dansk Ελληνικά Nederlands norsk svenska 日本語 한국어 Português (Brasil) Español (México) Swagbucks Swagbucks Useful Articles About Us How it Works In the Press Blog Mobile Apps Extension Rewards Rewards All Gift Cards Ways to Earn Ways to Earn Coupons & Cash Back Answer Surveys Discover Deals Information Information Do's and Don'ts Sitemap Rewards Program Legal Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Card Linked Offer Service Terms Your Cookie Choices Advertising Disclosure Accessibility Accessibility Accessibility Options Contact Us Contact Us Prodege, LLC Customer Support Advertise With Us Press and Business Inquiries Careers Connect With Us Connect With Us Swagbucks on Facebook Swagbucks on Twitter Swagbucks on Instagram Swagbucks on Pinterest Swagbucks on YouTube Blog How our Members… Make Money Online | Get Free Gift Cards | Use Money From Swagbucks | Work at Home | Get Paid Online | Best Paid Surveys Copyright © 2024 Prodege, LLC Swagbucks®-related trademarks including “Swagbucks®”, “Swag Codes®”, “Swagstakes®”, “SwagButton”, “SwagUp”, “SB” and the Swagbucks logo are the property of Prodege, LLC; all rights reserved. Other trademarks appearing on this site are property of their respective owners, which do not endorse and are not affiliated with Swagbucks or its promotions.