Press Release Distribution - PRWIREPRO (877) 855-9684 – 24 Hour Customer Support Toggle Navigation Pricing Press Releases Templates Contact Us Login Press Release Distribution to over 250 Media Outlets Press Release Distribution Services - (877) 855-9684 – 24 Hour Customer Support Submit Your Press Release Newsroom Access, Schedule your press release distribution, Publish Anytime. View Pricing Fast press release distribution to AP News, Google News and over 250 websites. Get your website indexed quickly in Google News and build backlinks to your website with PR Wire Pro. Sign up now and publish your press release anytime. Full reports provided in pdf format the same day of distribution. Distribution Options Save money by ordering multiple press releases at once. $99 Basic Distribution to 250 News Sites Distribution to basic list of 250 news websites Google & Bing News Inclusion Never Expires Dashboard Access Full distribution report included Order Now - $99 $299 AP news only Distribution to AP News Only Google & Bing News Inclusion Never Expires Dashboard Access Full distribution report included Order Now - $299 $399 AP News + all 250 News Sites Distribution to AP News and all 250 News Sites Google & Bing News Inclusion Never Expires Dashboard Access Full distribution report included Order Now - $399 Publish your news release on over 250 sites including Google News, Fox, ABC & CBS Local Networks & Google News – Easy Ordering Process, No account needed, Pay and Submit Easily. Full reports provided in pdf format the same day of distribution. all plans include Distribution to the same distribution network of 250 news sites. Full distribution report provided 3-6 hours after your press release is published. Never Expires (Submit anytime) Distribution to Google News Distribution to CBS, ABC & Fox Regional News Sites Press release instantly searchable in both Google & Bing News Option to embed any type of images or video, up to 1 video, 5 links or urls & Up to 5 Images. Submit Your News Or Press Release ANytime Distribution report provided same day of distribution. Full Newsroom Access, Schedule your press release distribution anytime. Get your website indexed quickly in Google News Google News Inclusion. Fast press release distribution to Google News, FOX, CBS & ABC Local Affiliate Networks and more. Published in 24-48 Hours Published within 24 - 48 hours or any set date and time you choose. All press release submissions require a minimum 24 hours for approval. How The Process works Select any press release distribution plan and then submit your press release through our form or through your dashboard and then check your email for a fast response from a member of our support team, within 1-2 hours or less. Press Release Distribution To Over 250 News Networks Publish your news or press release on over 250 websites. Advertise your press release on Google News and Bing News. 24 Hour Editorial Staff 24 Hour - Responsive, Editorial Support Team. Once you submit your press release our team will quickly review, format and schedule your press release for you. We will then email you to confirm before its published. Instant Dashboard Access Sign up now and publish your press release anytime. Full reports provided in pdf format the same day of distribution. What Payment Methods Do You Accept We accept all major credit cards, PayPal & Most Cryptocurrencies. Please email support for alternate payment methods. Frequently asked questions Is there a word limit on the title for each press release? Yes, the title of your press release must be a minimum of 6 words or more. How many videos can I embed in the press release? You can embed up to one video or iframe per press release. How do I Submit My Press Release? First, Please Select a distribution plan and pay securely via paypal. Then you can submit your press release through our form or simply email it directly to us anytime and then check your email for a fast response from a member of our support team. We will review and schedule your press release within 1-2 hours. A full report will be delivered via email the same day of your scheduled distribution. Can I use images or an ad in my press release? Yes, you can include a logo or featured thumbnail and up to 4 additional images or ads per press release. If you do not have an image our team can provide free templates for your design, just email us anytime. Do you provide copywriting or other services? PR Wire Pro offers several other services, monthly seo services, graphic design, ad design, conversion optimization, press release writing & general copywriting services.To Learn more click here – https://prwirepro.com/do-you-provide-copyrwriting-or-other-services/ What types of content do you not allow? We do not allow distribution of any press releases that contain any of the following content;• Derogatory statements about other companies.• Alleges illegal or unethical behavior on the part of another company or person.• False or misleading claims on any other party or any other party’s products or services.• Threats, or press releases containing content that threatens any other party with litigation.• Anything containing radical political opinion/view.• Anything at all that contains illegal content; and/or promotes illegal content or promotes illegal behavior of any kind.• Politics.• Unauthorized stock ticker symbols.Email PR Wire Pro Support for a full list anytime Will the press release ever be removed? Some of the network providers will only display the press release for a limited amount of time, and some of the press releases will be taken offline as future news is published, but alot of the links will remain, including the doFollow link on this website and our network of websites. Who needs a press release? Who needs a press release?Any online company. Publish a press release for any of the followingEvent Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseBook Launch Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseNew product launch Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseNew Service Offering Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseLaunch of new website Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseLaunch of new company or startup Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseNew contract with client Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseFinancial or earnings statements Template for the quarter (required for publicly all traded companies) Example Press ReleaseSale or promotions Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseParticipation in local events Template Example Press ReleaseStrategic partnerships with other companies Template Example Press ReleaseAcquisitions or sales Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseFree ebook or whitepapers Template Example Press ReleaseWorkshops Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseOpen-houses or Real Estate Events Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseSpeaking engagement Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseDonation to a charity Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseAny other type of news announcement Simple Basic Press Release Template Example Press ReleaseTo Learn more click here also for free press release templates – https://prwirepro.com/press-release-templates/ What if my press release is not formatted? We take care of everything for you. An expert member of team will proofread and correct your press release of any spelling and/or grammatical error then format the press release. Have a question that is not listed here, Message us anytime, our team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week – Contact Us Fast press release distribution to Google News, ABC, CBS & FOX affiliates and hundreds of additional news networks. Get your website indexed quickly in Google News and build backlinks to your website with PR Wire Pro Distribution. Full reports provided in pdf format. Sign up now and publish anytime. Excellent Support Full Newsroom Access Sign up now and publish your press release anytime through the dashboard. When your company needs to submit news of any kind, use a trusted newswire and reputable team to distribute your press release. All membership options include full access to all of our premium templates. 24 Hour Customer Support & Free Press Release Templates Our customer support team is available 24 hours a day. Contact us anytime for a fast response. All membership options include free press release templates. Sign up now and Publish Anytime Instantly gain quality backlinks and increase organic traffic. Press release distribution and syndication on PR WirePro's seo network and distribution to over 250+ news sites. Press release distribution to over 250+ News Sites Submit a Press Release To over 250+ news sites. Your content and news indexed quickly in major search engines and Google News. Access to an additional media contact database that you can use to submit your press release manually to several additional pr sites. For resellers we also offer white label press release distribution services branded with your own company logo. Press release distribution to major networks Instantly gain quality backlinks and increase organic traffic. Press release distribution and syndication on PR WirePro's own network and distribution to over 250+ news sites. Dashboard Access Submit A Press Release To Hundreds Of News and Media Sites. Your content and news indexed quickly in all major search engines, Google News, Bing, & Yahoo. 24 Hour Customer Support & Resources Our customer support team is available 24 hours a day. Contact us anytime for a fast response. Blog Pricing Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Templates Press Releases Press Release Writing Services White Label Press Release Distribution Submit A Free Press Release Free News Distribution Plugin Contact Support Login March 2024 M T W T F S S 123 45678910 11121314151617 18192021222324 25262728293031 « Feb We are committed to guaranteeing the security and protection of the private information of every single user that uses our website. This websites uses basic analytics to track web visitors, we do not store any of your confidential payment information on our servers. To understand more about how we collect, store, and process your personal data and information in compliance with GDPR, please view our privacy policy. Recent Posts SportsRecruits and Alliance Fastpitch Partner to Expand Softball Recruiting Network February 27, 2024 Blockcast partners with picoNETS to offer ultra-low-cost content delivery services February 15, 2024 Linx Finance Celebrates Five Years of Outstanding Performance January 12, 2024 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. prwirepro @prwirepronews LinkedIn PRWIREPRO PINTEREST Press Releases White Label Press Release Distribution Services Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Privacy Policy Press Release Distribution Terms And Conditions Press Release Distribution Pricing Press Release Distribution Service Company Listings Sitemap