Queen's University Canada Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to footer Frequently Searched Undergraduate Admission Human Resources Library Student Affairs Academic Calendar Gazette Athletics Faculties/Schools Faculty of Arts and Science Faculty of Education School of Graduate Studies and Postdoctoral Affairs Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Law Smith Business Smith Engineering Programs and Departments Find Programs Find Departments About Academics Academics at Queen's Program and Department Finder Undergraduate Studies School of Graduate Studies and Postdoctoral Affairs Library Image Research Research at Queen's VP Research Portfolio Centres and Institutes Partnerships and Innovation Image Experience Impact For You Current Students Faculty and Staff Future Students Postdoctoral Fellows Donors Alumni Sign In Frequently Searched Undergraduate Admission Human Resources Library Student Affairs Academic Calendar Gazette Athletics Faculties/Schools Faculty of Arts and Science Faculty of Education School of Graduate Studies and Postdoctoral Affairs Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Law Smith Business Smith Engineering Programs and Departments Find Programs Find Departments Find a Program Visit Contact Give Now Solving the world'sgreatest challenges Spotlight stories The Power of Inflammation Harnessing the body's immune system to fight cancer Source: Queen's Gazette Space Total solar eclipses are a cosmic rarity Source: Queen's University New name. New era. Engineering Transformed Source: Engineering Transformed Global purpose Queen's ranks 3rd worldwide in Impact Rankings Source: Queen's Gazette Arctic Melt Glaciers in Nunavut are revealing the pace of climate change Source: Queen's Gazette More Gazette Stories Imagine, engage, transform.We are driven by curiosity, commitment, and purpose. Research intensity We champion innovative and collaborative research. Discover Queen’s research Global impact We are striving to solve society’s greatest challenges through our research, teaching, and community engagement. Learn about our impact Queen's University in CanadaA better future for people and the planet is not only possible – it's our mission Research intensityOur research pushes the limits of knowledge. Global purposeOur commitment to the common good guides our teaching, research, and outreach. Transformative educationOur undergraduate and graduate programs and our postdoctoral fellowships set our students and researchers up to become leaders of tomorrow. Inclusive communityOur faculty, staff, and students come to Queen’s from across the globe. Together, we learn, teach, and work in a welcoming, open, and respectful community. Research intensityOur research pushes the limits of knowledge. Global purposeOur commitment to the common good guides our teaching, research, and outreach. Transformative educationOur undergraduate and graduate programs and our postdoctoral fellowships set our students and researchers up to become leaders of tomorrow. Inclusive communityOur faculty, staff, and students come to Queen’s from across the globe. Together, we learn, teach, and work in a welcoming, open, and respectful community. Transformative educationWe offer a broad selection of undergraduate and graduate programs, as well as postdoctoral fellowships. Explore and choose from more than 235 academic areas across 53 departments.Study at Queen'sUndergraduate admissionsGraduate programs and Postdoctoral fellowships One communityWe believe in diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect for all. Welcoming and supportive, Queen’s is a place to participate, thrive, and build lasting connections. Experience Queen's One communityWe believe in diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect for all. Welcoming and supportive, Queen’s is a place to participate, thrive, and build lasting connections. Experience Queen's Featured Events Mar 5 6:00pm How to Change the World student webinar: Why every career (urgently) needs a sustainability lens Mar 7 12:00pm Ableism and Educational Technology with Dr. Heidi Janz Mar 7 3:00pm Collaborating for Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions: Advancing SDG 16 Research at Queen’s More Events Queen's University is situated on the territory of the Haudenosaunee and Anishinaabek Accessibility Hub Administration / Governance Athletics Careers Give to Queen's Inclusive Queen's IT Services Library Media Ombudsperson Safety Resources Visit Campus Contact Us Kingston, Ontario, Canada Campus Map Main Line: +1 613.533.2000 Main Contacts Follow us Copyright © Queen's University Member of the U15 Group of Canadian Research Universities View Times Higher Education Rankings Back to top