Fine Homebuilding - Expert home construction tips, tool reviews, remodeling design and layout ideas, house project plans, and advice for homeowners FHB Logo Facebook LinkedIn Email Pinterest Twitter Instagram Tiktok YouTube Plus Icon Close Icon Navigation Search Icon Navigation Search Icon Arrow Down Icon Video Guide Icon Article Guide Icon Modal Close Icon Guide Search Icon Skip to content Search Subscribe Main Menu Log In How-To Design Tools & Materials Videos Blogs Forum Magazine Members FHB House Podcast Log In New Year, New Projects!Build it right the first time. Join ALL ACCESS and get complete site access to expert videos, how-to, tool reviews, and 40+ years of building expertise.Start Your Free Trial Top Stories A Fine Finish for Wood Exteriors Maintain the beauty of stain-grade siding with proper prep and a protective oil finish. Tools & Materials Understanding Larsen Trusses Tools & Materials Beefed-up Biscuit Joints How-To Manage PVC Trim Expansion NEW! FHB Project Guides Trusted, comprehensive guidance from the pros for building, design, and remodeling projects View All Guides Siding & Exterior Trim Siding & Exterior Trim View Guide Windows & Doors Windows & Doors View Guide Roofing Roofing View Guide Discussion Forum Recent Posts and Replies | | | | | | View More Create Post Video Shorts Video Series Previous Next Installing PVC Trim in a Coastal Environment Lead carpenter Dan Booth has been renovating an old general store outbuilding that sits on the back of his property located in Nova Scotia, Canada. The project has centered around… The Modern Drywaller: Tools and Techniques for Efficient Drywall Finishing In this series, Myron Ferguson overviews mechanical and automatic drywall-taping tools for a professional, productive finishing job. Dry in a Roof With ZIP System Sheathing In this video series, builder Tony Blue walks us through the entire process of making a roof sheathed in ZIP System Roof Sheathing waterproof and airtight to get it ready… Installing ZIP System Sheathing Watch Ben Bogie, residential builder and production manager from Portland, Maine, as he walks us through all the steps necessary to install ZIP System wall sheathing on a home. Zip System… How To Install Exterior PVC Trim Cellular PVC is a durable and clean-looking alternative to wood when you need to install trim that will hold up to the elements. PVC trim can be shaped and fastened… Video Series: How To Prep a Room for Painting In this timeless video series from the Fine Homebuilding archives, professional painter Jim Lacey demonstrates all the steps you need to to give a room a beautiful, fresh coat of… Video Series: Finishing an Exterior Door In this series, editorial director Justin Fink travels to East Haddam, Connecticut to visit with finishing expert, Peter Gedrys. These seven episodes will take you through the process of finishing… Larry Haun Framing Video Series Expert framer Larry Haun gives a step by step guide to framing walls, floors, stairs, roofs, and more in this educational video series. Video Series: How to Build a Tool Shed This Fine Homebuilding video series follows Rick Arnold as he constructs a charming and sturdy backyard tool shed. Each episode walks you through an entire phase of shed construction. Follow… How to Create a Lightweight Concrete Countertop Longtime readers of Fine Homebuilding magazine will recognize the name of Buddy Rhodes. For the last twenty years, he’s been at the leading edge of concrete design in both residential and commercial applications.… Video Series: Install and Finish Drywall Hanging and taping wallboard doesn’t have to be a back-breaking, messy job. With the right tools and materials, and some surprisingly simple techniques, anyone can have smooth walls and crisp… How to Tile a Shower This video series includes in-depth demonstrations on everything from installing cement backer board and installing a custom shower pan to using a story pole and setting glass tile. You’ll also… Installing a Nail-Fin Window Over Zip System Sheathing In this Shop Class video series, builder Jake Bruton demonstrates flashing best-practices for installing a flanged window in a wall built with Zip System sheathing. Installing a Nail-Fin Window Over Rigid-Foam Insulation In this edition of Shop Class, builder Jake Bruton demonstrates trusted flashing details for a flanged window installed in a wall covered in a layer of rigid-foam insulation. Installing a Nail-Fin Window Over Housewrap In this Shop Class video series, builder Jake Bruton demonstrates durable flashing details for a flanged window in a wall covered in housewrap—in this case, Benjamin Obdyke Hydrogap. Installing a Nail-Fin Window Over Peel-and-Stick Housewrap In this Shop Class video series, builder Jake Bruton shows how to flash a flanged window in a wall covered in a self-adhered housewrap, such Henry Blueskin VP100. Highlights Plus, get an extra 20% off with code GIFT20 "I have learned so much thanks to the searchable articles on the FHB website. I can confidently say that I expect to be a life-long subscriber." - M.K. Get home building tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters See all newsletters Video View All Podcast 621: Building Inside a Barn, Porch-Roof Flashing, and Treated-Lumber Longevity Listeners write in about Super Insulated Houses and water pipes and ask questions about building a house inside a barn, sidewall flashing, and chimney dampers. Podcast 621: Members-only Aftershow — Know The Code Installing and Flashing Windows Before Housewrap Podcast 620: Witnessing Bad Work, Semi-Conditioned Spaces, and Extra Minisplits Podcast 620: Members-only Aftershow — Common Questions Podcast 619: Old-House Construction, Sizing Lumber Beams, and Window Restoration Sponsored Air-Sealing a Bathroom Remodel View All Browse by Topic Popular Topics Kitchens (selected) Bathrooms Decks Windows Walls Restorations Architecture Roofs Green Design Floor Plans Safety HVAC Bedrooms Ceilings Outdoor Spaces Turn Up the Heat With Induction Cooktops Learn what induction is, what you need to know about making the switch from gas or electric, and top products to consider. Simple Drain-Line Plug This plug will prevent the drain line from leaking water during a garbage disposal or dishwasher replacement. Compact Concealed Fridge With hidden hinges and tight-fitting custom door panels, Fisher & Paykel’s cabinet-depth integrated refrigerators fit seamlessly into any modern kitchen. Podcast 547: Basement Insulation, Historic Preservation Resources, and Shipping Container ADUs Construction productivity, DIY kitchen remodels, insulating a basement, resources to teach historic preservation, and making an ADU from a steel shipping container. Lantern-Style-Tile Jig A creative solution for when this type of tile doesn't work with your tile saw. Timeless and Modern Bucket Sinks An interior designer explains why she chose this sink for her kids’ bathroom. Mobile Kitchen Island on Furniture Glides Furniture glides create a movable island for easier manuevering. Removable Fence for Remodeling Access Concealed-flange joist hangers create a section that can be easily lifted in and out. Editorial Note: A Helping Hand Andrew reflects on the transforming impact that assisting a friend on his kitchen had on his family and on Andrew himself. View More on kitchens BOOKS, DVDs, & MERCH Shop the Store Pretty Good House Buy Now 2024 Tool Guide Buy Now 2023 Fine Homebuilding Archive Buy Now Shop the Store Fine Homebuilding Magazine Issue 321 – Feb/March 2024 The Pros and Cons of a Panelized House The Pros and Cons of a Panelized House 8 Building Science Mistakes to Avoid Issue 320 - Dec 2023/Jan 2024 How to Reuse Salvaged Wood Chainsaw Retrofit and Energy Performance Maximize HVAC Efficiency Issue 319 - November 2023 Nearly Net-Zero ADU An Easy Approach to Coffered Ceilings Understanding Types of Roof Vents Issue 318 - October 2023 Make Mudsills Square and Level Turn Up the Heat With Induction Cooktops The Fine Homebuilding Interview: Lloyd Alter Issue 317 - Aug/Sept 2023 Finishing Drywall With Seamless Results A Flat Roof in a Cold Climate Compact Cordless Shop Vacs Fine Homebuilding Follow YouTube instagram facebook pinterest Tiktok twitter Newsletter Get home building tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Go Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters See all newsletters Membership & Magazine Online Archive Start Free Trial Magazine Subscription Magazine Renewal Gift a Subscription Customer Support Privacy Preferences Taunton Network Green Building Advisor Fine Woodworking Fine Gardening Threads About Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Use Site Map Do not sell or share my information Privacy Policy Accessibility California Privacy Rights © 2024 Active Interest Media. All rights reserved. X X This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. The modal window is a 'site map' of the most critical areas of the site. Pressing the Escape (ESC) button will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page. Search Main Menu How-To Design Tools & Materials Video Blogs Forum Project Guides Reader Projects Magazine Members FHB House Podcasts FHB Podcast ProTalk Webinars Upcoming and On-Demand Podcasts FHB Podcast ProTalk Webinars Upcoming and On-Demand Popular Topics Kitchens Business Bedrooms Roofs Architecture and Design Green Building Decks Framing Safety Remodeling Bathrooms Windows Tilework Ceilings HVAC Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Magazine Index Subscribe Online Archive Author Guidelines All Access Member Home Start Free Trial Gift Membership Shop the Store Books DVDs Taunton Workshops More FHB Ambassadors Reader Projects Podcast FHB House Customer Support Account Log In Join Newsletter Get home building tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Go Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters See all newsletters Follow YouTube instagram facebook pinterest Tiktok twitter Join All Access Become a member and get instant access to thousands of videos, how-tos, tool reviews, and design features. Start Your Free Trial Subscribe Start your subscription today and save up to 70% Subscribe Toggle Caption Previous Next We hope you’ve enjoyed your free articles. To keep reading, become a member today. Get complete site access to expert advice, how-to videos, Code Check, and more, plus the print magazine. Start your FREE trial Already a member? Log in