TV Tropes Tropes Media Browse Indexes Forums Videos Join Login Tropes Media Browse Indexes Forums Videos Ask The Tropers Trope Finder You Know That Show... Trope Launch Pad Wishlist Reviews Tools Cut List New Edits Edit Reasons Launches Images List Crowner Activity Un-typed Pages Recent Page Type Changes Changelog Tips Creating New Redirects Cross Wicking Tips for Editing Text Formatting Rules Glossary Edit Reasons Handling Spoilers Word Cruft Administrivia FAQ Tropes HQ About Us Contact Us Advertise DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Report Bug Go Ad-Free Changelog Show Spoilers Night Vision Sticky Header Highlight Links THE ALL DEVOURING POP-CULTURE WIKI SugarWiki DarthWiki YMMV WMG Trivia Welcome to TV Tropes THE ALL DEVOURING POP-CULTURE WIKI Follow TV Tropes SugarWiki DarthWiki YMMV WMG Trivia You need to login to do this. Get Known if you don't have an account Today's Featured Trope Sand Bridge at Low Tide An apparently inaccessible island has a secret access — a bridge formed by a high sand bar that is revealed only at low tide — and sometimes only at night as well. Not only does this allow an island to be a little accessed secret, but also provides the opportunity for people to be trapped on an island while plot happens at them. Examples: More Newest Trope Living Photo A trope found usually in visual media, it happens when a character looks at an old photograph or painting, and witnesses the people in the image moving and talking in front of them, with the photographed figures either talking back to them, or simply replaying a memory. There are two variations of this trope: when the character imagines the people in the photo coming to life, and when the act involves magic. If the characters aren't looking at the photo when it comes to life, it's More Latest Trope Edits Recent Edits 1 2 Fanfic: TotalDramaIslandRecast Revision [36] 5 seconds ago Main: HystericalWoman Revision [247] 20 seconds ago Recap: CreepshowS4E3TheHat Revision [25] 45 seconds ago Main: ContinuityDrift Revision [749] 46 seconds ago Characters: LostTapesSeason1 Revision [4] 51 seconds ago Latest Forums Activity Forums 1 2 Live Action Film The General Star Wars Thread 1 minute ago Live Action Film Sonic the Hedgehog film series general 2 minutes ago Forum Games Classy up a meme 2 minutes ago Video Games Trails franchise (Trails In The Sky, Trails Of Cold Steel etc) 3 minutes ago Forum Games Guess the Character/Person/Object 3 minutes ago Launch Pad Activity Launch Pad 1 2 Hoarding the Profits Created 3 days ago 12 minutes ago Hammer of the Righteous Created 10 hours ago 38 minutes ago The Wise Woman Created 1 day ago 55 minutes ago Barbaric Battleaxe Created 2 weeks ago 55 minutes ago Threaten All To Find One Created 2 days ago 1 hour ago Latest Video Examples Recent Videos Posted 12 minutes ago Scarlet's Living Foot Stool Example of: Dominance Through Furniture Posted 14 minutes ago Sirens Example of: Our Sirens Are Different Posted 17 minutes ago Percy's Chocolate Crunch Example of: Covered in Gunge Posted 19 minutes ago The wrong rec room Example of: More Dakka Posted 22 minutes ago Springtime fresh, winter white Example of: Big "NO!" More Videos Tropes Community Podcasts Episode 404: Episode 354 - Saltburn January 22, 2024 This week we're reviewing one of the most talked about movies of 2023: Saltburn! Does this film leave a bad taste in our mouth, or did we enjoy every last slurp of it? We're also pairing this movie… More Episode 235: Best of 2021 Part 2 February 24, 2022 The gang discuss more of the best from 2021, and award this year's Golden TropieBe sure to subscribe and rate us on your favorite pod catcher and feel free to support us over at Patreon.com/OnTheTropes! Buy some… More Community Showcase Show Spoilers Night Vision Sticky Header Wide Load Important Links Ask The Tropers Trope Finder You Know That Show... Trope Launch Pad Wishlist Reviews Go Ad Free! Crucial Browsing Genre Action Adventure Comedy Commercials Crime & Punishment Drama Horror Love News Professional Wrestling Speculative Fiction Sports Story War Live Blogs Media All Media Animation (Western) Anime Comic Book Fan Fics Film Game Literature Music And Sound Effects New Media Print Media Radio Sequential Art Tabletop Games Television Theater Videogame Webcomics Narrative Universal Applied Phlebotinum Characterization Characters Characters As Device Dialogue Motifs Narrative Devices Paratext Plots Settings Spectacle Other Categories British Telly The Contributors Creator Speak Creators Derivative Works Language Laws And Formulas Show Business Split Personality Stock Room Trope Tropes Truth And Lies Truth In Television Topical Tropes Betrayal Censorship Combat Death Family Fate And Prophecy Food Holiday Memory Money Morality Politics Religion School Resources Tools Wiki Tools Cut List New Edits Edit Reasons Isolated Pages Launches Images List Recent Videos Crowner Activity Un-typed Pages Recent Page Type Changes Templates Trope Entry Works Character Sheet Playing With Fandom Tips Creating New Redirects Cross Wicking Tips for Editing Text Formatting Rules Glossary Edit Reasons Handling Spoilers Word Cruft Administrivia FAQ Changelog Report Bug Trope Repair Shop Image Pickin' Advertisement: Top TVTropes About TVTropes TVTropes Goals Troping Code TVTropes Customs Tropes of Legend Go Ad-Free Community Ask The Tropers Trope Launch Pad Trope Finder You Know That Show Live Blogs Wishlist Reviews Forum Tropes HQ About Us Contact Us Report Bug Changelog DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Switch to DesktopMobile Version TVTropes is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available from thestaff@tvtropes.org. Scarlet's Living Foot Stool Scarlet is shown to use her own men as footstools while she's working, to show her domineering personality. Said trooper seems to enjoy her treatment and even follows her around, ready to take up the role again wherever she goes. How well does it match the trope? ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Example of: Main / DominanceThroughFurniture Media sources: Report Scarlet's Livin... Sirens Percy's Chocola... The wrong rec room Springtime fres...