Cool Material: Men's Guide to Gear, Fashion, & Lifestyle We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By continued use, you agree to our Privacy Notice. Got It Skip to Content Gear All Gear Goods Outdoors Sports Tools Tech All Tech Audio Cameras Computers Phones Video Watches Fashion All Fashion Jewelry Clothing Shopping Accessories Lifestyle All Lifestyle Home Entertainment Food Health Drinks Transportation Grill Travel Guides All Guides Gifts Holiday Wedding Valentine's Day Mother's Day Father's Day steals Subscribe Search Suggestions Search Suggestions No Matching Suggestions We couldn’t find any results matching your keyword. Please try a different search term. View all results Gear All Gear Goods Outdoors Sports Tools Tech All Tech Audio Cameras Computers Phones Video Watches Fashion All Fashion Jewelry Clothing Shopping Accessories Lifestyle All Lifestyle Home Entertainment Food Health Drinks Transportation Grill Travel Guides All Guides Gifts Holiday Wedding Valentine's Day Mother's Day Father's Day steals Subscribe about us Editorial Submissions advertise contact Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Thank you! Your Submission has been received! Check your email for a confirmation message. You can now receive updates on latest stories, deals and much more. Share Article Share through your preferred social media platform: via facebook via X OR Copy the link and send it directly to everyone: Copy Link Link Copied Link Roundups Tuesday Link Roundup: March 5, 2024 The web is a vast place best explored with a little guidance. Every day we curate a small collection of links worthy of your time, meaning you can skip the wandering and get right to the good stuff. Lifestyle The 6 Best Tiki Drinks Every Guy Should Know How to Make Outdoors Arc’Teryx Announces Its First Solo Footwear Release Lifestyle The 6 Best Tiki Drinks Every Guy Should Know How to Make Outdoors Arc’Teryx Announces Its First Solo Footwear Release Our Picks Content For You Sports Performance Golf Can Drastically Level Up Your Game With These 4 Simple Products Backed by pros, Performance Golf offers expert videos & gear for your best round yet. Transportation The Joy of Driving, Reinvented Inside its California headquarters, Kindred Motorworks imbues vintage cars with modern conveniences. Drinks Bulleit Single Malt Whiskey By John A. Paradiso Link Roundups Tuesday Link Roundup: March 5, 2024 By John A. Paradiso Sports Performance Golf Can Drastically Level Up Your Game With These 4 Simple Products Backed by pros, Performance Golf offers expert videos & gear for your best round yet. Transportation The Joy of Driving, Reinvented Inside its California headquarters, Kindred Motorworks imbues vintage cars with modern conveniences. Drinks Bulleit Single Malt Whiskey Bulleit introduces a budget-friendly entry to the American Single Malt category. Link Roundups Tuesday Link Roundup: March 5, 2024 The web is a vast place best explored with a little guidance. Every day we curate a small collection of links worthy of your time, meaning you can skip the wandering and get right to the good stuff. Steals Your VIP Access to Deals & Offers 39% OFF Nike Air Max Flyknit Racer Next Nature $97 $160 Promo ends on March 19, 2024 47% OFF Polo Ralph Lauren Ranger Mid Suede & Corduroy Boot $100 $188 Promo ends on March 19, 2024 18% OFF Bellroy Card Sleeve $45 $55 Promo ends on March 18, 2024 40% OFF Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K (2nd Gen) $30 $50 Promo ends on March 18, 2024 31% OFF Nike SB Zoom Blazer Mid $62 $90 Promo ends on March 14, 2024 22% OFF Levi’s 501® Original Fit Men’s Jeans $70 $90 Promo ends on March 15, 2024 38% OFF J. Crew Short-Sleeve Indigo Organic Chambray Shirt $50 $80 Promo ends on March 15, 2024 50% OFF LuminAID PackLite Max 2-in-1 Power Lantern $25 $50 Promo ends on March 14, 2024 Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Thank you! Your Submission has been received! Check your email for a confirmation message. You can now receive updates on latest stories, deals and much more. Most Read Explore top picks and must-read articles 1 Lifestyle Lifestyle 6 Classic Bourbon Cocktails Every Guy Should Know How To Make 2 Gear Gear The 7 Best Travel Cameras For Photos Better Than Your Phone Can Take 3 Features Features 50 Books Every Man Should Read Before He’s 50 4 Lifestyle Lifestyle The Difference Between a Stout and a Porter 5 Features Features The Best Whiskey Boilermaker Combinations 6 Sports Sports Wilson Releases Airless 3D-Printed Basketballs 7 Tech Tech Brian Eno Turntable II 8 Features Features A Guide to Levi’s Numbers 9 Fashion Fashion Jameson Introduces St. Patrick’s Day Eve and Releases a Limited Edition Jacket 10 Features Features 20 Albums You Have to Listen to Front to Back From Our Partners Travel Travel Unbreakable Style: Meet Carl Friedrik’s Signature Luxury Luggage Experience the durability of Carl Friedrik luggage—crafted for global travelers who demand both style and substance. Partner Partner Our Favorite Pieces from Nike’s Jordan Monogram Collection Nike Jordan Monogram: where classic design meets modern streetwear in a limited-edition collection. partner partner Invest Wisely: Explore Vindome’s Wine Collections Meet Vindome: The world's first trading app for buying, collecting and selling fine wine. The Latest Link Roundups Tuesday Link Roundup: March 5, 2024 The web is a vast place best explored with a little guidance. Every day we curate a small collection of links worthy of your time, meaning you can skip the wandering and get right to the good stuff. By John A. Paradiso Link Roundups Lifestyle The 6 Best Tiki Drinks Every Guy Should Know How to Make By Christopher Osburn Lifestyle Outdoors Arc’Teryx Announces Its First Solo Footwear Release Arc'teryx introduces a trio of shoes build for the rigors of trail and mountain running. By John A. Paradiso Arc'teryx running shoes hiking shoes Running Outdoors Gear The Frame Fitness Reformer Brings Pilates Classes to Your Living Room Looking to break the mold of traditional Pilates, Frame Fitness introduces the Frame Reformer—a game-changer in the world of at-home fitness. Founded by longtime Pilates instructor and CEO Melissa Bentivoglio, this innovative reformer brings the studio experience directly to your living room, challenging the status quo with its sleek design… By John A. Paradiso exercise gym Workouts Gear Sports Performance Golf Can Drastically Level Up Your Game With These 4 Simple Products Backed by pros, Performance Golf offers expert videos & gear for your best round yet. By Cool Material Sports Link Roundups Monday Link Roundup: March 4, 2024 The web is a vast place best explored with a little guidance. Every day we curate a small collection of links worthy of your time, meaning you can skip the wandering and get right to the good stuff. By John A. Paradiso Link Roundups Lifestyle The 8 Best Craft Light Beers, From Lagers to Session IPAs By Christopher Osburn Lifestyle Fashion Finisterre Releases Spring 2024 Collection: Emerge Looking to upgrade your wardrobe with the changing seasons? Finisterre has released its latest collection of adventure-ready clothing for spring 2024. The UK-based clothing brand's latest campaign Emerge features a treasure trove of new and updated styles including new fleece layers, new colorways of their Stormbird jacket, and pletny more.… By John A. Paradiso Finisterre Fashion Transportation Zagato and La Squadra Team Up to Release the Limited Edition AGTZ Twin Tail The Zagato x La Squadra limited edition supercar also features a removable longtail-style rear-end. By John A. Paradiso Transportation Link Roundups The Weekend Agenda: March 1, 2024 Every Friday we’ll get you hooked up with some solid weekend plans. These are the things we think you should watch, read or do over the next few days. By John A. Paradiso Link Roundups Transportation The 10 Most Anticipated EVs of 2024, According to Search Data By Cool Material Transportation Watches Hamilton x Dune Ventura Watch Hamilton takes us to a distant sci-fi world with the release of their "Desert Watch" in honor of the upcoming Dune film. By John A. Paradiso Hamilton Movies Watches Transportation Hyundai N Vision 74 RC Car This cyberpunk beauty is a pint-sized version of the real thing. By John A. Paradiso Hyundai Electric vehicles Electric Cars Transportation Link Roundups Thursday Link Roundup: February 29, 2024 The web is a vast place best explored with a little guidance. Every day we curate a small collection of links worthy of your time, meaning you can skip the wandering and get right to the good stuff. By John A. Paradiso Link Roundups Gear Tested: New Stündenglass Modül Dok Easily Swaps Between Concentrate and Flower By Nickolaus Hines Gear Load More Back to Top Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Thank you! Your Submission has been received! Check your email for a confirmation message. You can now receive updates on latest stories, deals and much more. Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Thank you! Your Submission has been received! Check your email for a confirmation message. You can now receive updates on latest stories, deals and much more. Quick Links gear fashion lifestyle tech watches guides steals Info about us Editorial Submissions advertise contact Cool Material participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions ©2024 North & Warren, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell My Personal Information