The Daily Dot | Your Internet. Your Internet news. Skip to content Trending Tech Politics Pop Culture Memes Labor Hacks TikTok About About Us Contact Jobs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Trending Tech Politics Pop Culture Memes Labor Hacks TikTok About About Us Contact Jobs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Newsletter The Frontline of Online Newsletter: Right-wingers think Sydney Sweeney’s SNL outfit ended wokeness Subscribe to web_crawlr to get the best and worst of the internet in your inbox everyday. On Mar 5, 2024 by Andrew Wyrich Trending Conspiracy theorists are blaming Texas wildfires on ‘Directed Energy Weapons’ As should be obvious, there is no evidence whatsoever that space lasers are causing wildfires. On Mar 5, 2024 by Mikael Thalen Tech ‘Hardly anything is blocked’: Mom warns fellow parents when she finds inappropriate messages sent to her daughter on Roblox game 'It continues.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Grace Fowler Trending ‘My local Plato’s is mostly Shein clothes’: Customer mocks Plato’s Closet for rejecting her clothes after seeing what they’re selling in store 'The security tags as if anyone wants to steal them.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Grace Fowler Trending ‘What now?’: Aerie employee caught off guard when she clocks into work and learns store is closing in a week 'Y’all having a closing sale??' On Mar 5, 2024 by Alexandra Samuels Trending ‘Cerveza Cristal!’: Resurfaced clips of hilariously bad ad placements in ‘Star Wars’ movies are cracking up the Internet Use the force...to summon a Cerveza Cristal beer. On Mar 5, 2024 by Allie Hayes Pop Culture ‘You are now one of my elite employees’: The pro-workforce rallying cry that’s not just about getting in trouble with the boss 'When my sister gets old enough to help me with chores.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Charlotte Colombo Pop Culture ‘I am poor and desperate’: Viewers divided after job hunter stays on a Zoom interview for 30 minutes after recruiters are a no-show 'I'd guilt trip them into giving me the job.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Phil West Trending The iconic Oompa Loompa from the Glasgow ‘Willy Wonka experience’ is now on Cameo 'I'm still holding out for the The Unknown to be an option.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Allie Hayes Pop Culture ‘Disgusting’: Far-right bails on nacho chips after finding out Doritos Spain partnered with a trans ambassador Samantha Hudson reportedly tweeted in 2015 about wanting to do 'thuggish things' to a minor. On Mar 5, 2024 by Katherine Huggins Tech ‘I’m cooked’: Expert shares how people can find your deleted social media posts with this tool 'Nothing is truly deleted.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Rachel Kiley Trending ‘Practice run for November?’ Massive Facebook outage on Super Tuesday sparks claims of deep state sabotage 'What a coincidence that Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube are down on Super Tuesday.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Mikael Thalen Tech ‘You’re definitely a topic at their dinner table’: Woman says gym owner ‘dress-coded’ her at the gym—he blamed it on his wife 'My wife has an issue with what you’re wearing.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Natasha Dubash Trending ‘You’re not helping’: AOC curses out protesters targeting her over Gaza 'You refuse to call it a genocide,' one of the protesters said. On Mar 5, 2024 by Katherine Huggins Tech ‘They will know that they made a major mistake’: Travel expert reveals when you should ask for a hotel room change 'Such a small thing, but so important.' On Mar 5, 2024 by Brooke Sjoberg Trending Creepy or fascist?: Biden ignites debate after kissing Italian prime minister Giorgia Meloni 'What are we doing here folks, what are we even doing?' On Mar 5, 2024 by Mikael Thalen Tech ‘Vote Ceasefire’ began as a ballot quirk in New Hampshire—now it could be a nationwide Super Tuesday protest against Biden Ceasefire protest vote campaigns are underway in Maine, Massachusetts, Vermont, and California. On Mar 5, 2024 by Tricia Crimmins Tech Featured Local Savings