Android Mobile App Developer Tools – Android Developers Essentials Modern Android Quickly bring your app to life with less code, using a modern declarative approach to UI, and the simplicity of Kotlin. Explore Modern Android Adopt Compose for teams Get started Start by creating your first app. Go deeper with our training courses or explore app development on your own. Hello world Training courses Tutorials Kotlin for Android Monetization with Play ↗️ Extend by device Build apps that give your users seamless experiences from phones to tablets, watches, and more. Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android for Cars Android TV ChromeOS Cross-device SDK Build by category Learn to build for your use case by following Google's prescriptive and opinionated guidance. Games Media apps Health & Fitness Enterprise apps Get the latest Stay in touch with the latest releases throughout the year, join our preview programs, and give us your feedback. Platform releases Android Studio preview Jetpack & Compose libraries Wear OS preview Privacy Sandbox Design & Plan Kits & more Get one of our Figma kits for Android, Material Design, or Wear OS, and start designing your app's UI today. Go to Android & Material kits Go to Wear OS kits UI Design Design a beautiful user interface using Android best practices. Design for Android Mobile Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android TV Architecture Design robust, testable, and maintainable app logic and services. Introduction Libraries Navigation Modularization Testing Quality Plan for app quality and align with Play store guidelines. Overview Core value User experience Technical quality Privacy & security Build for Billions Create the best experience for entry-level devices Overview About new markets Android (Go edition) Develop Android Studio Use the IDE and tools that make Android development easy. Get Android Studio Start coding Core areas Get the docs for the features you need. User interfaces Permissions Background work Data and files User identity Camera All core areas ⤵️ Tools and workflow Use the IDE to write and build your app, or create your own pipeline. Write and debug code Build projects Test your app Performance Command-line tools Gradle plugin API Devices Write code to work with particular form factors. Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android for Cars Android TV ChromeOS Libraries Browse API reference documentation with all the details. Android platform Jetpack libraries Compose libraries Google Play services ↗️ Google Play SDK index ↗️ Google Play Community English Español – América Latina Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil Türkçe العربيّة 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Android Studio Sign in Essentials More Design & Plan More Develop More Google Play Community Android Studio Modern Android Explore Modern Android Adopt Compose for teams Get started Hello world Training courses Tutorials Kotlin for Android Monetization with Play ↗️ Extend by device Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android for Cars Android TV ChromeOS Cross-device SDK Build by category Games Media apps Health & Fitness Enterprise apps Get the latest Platform releases Android Studio preview Jetpack & Compose libraries Wear OS preview Privacy Sandbox Kits & more Go to Android & Material kits Go to Wear OS kits UI Design Design for Android Mobile Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android TV Architecture Introduction Libraries Navigation Modularization Testing Quality Overview Core value User experience Technical quality Privacy & security Build for Billions Overview About new markets Android (Go edition) Android Studio Get Android Studio Start coding Core areas User interfaces Permissions Background work Data and files User identity Camera All core areas ⤵️ Tools and workflow Write and debug code Build projects Test your app Performance Command-line tools Gradle plugin API Devices Large screens (e.g. Tablets) Wear OS Android for Cars Android TV ChromeOS Libraries Android platform Jetpack libraries Compose libraries Google Play services ↗️ Google Play SDK index ↗️ Android Developers Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Tune in on March 7! Tune in on March 7 at 10am PT We’ll be unpacking the latest in Android including foldables, wearables, Gemini Nano, Compose, Android 15 and so much more! Send us your questions using #AskAndroid! Tune in Read more Download Android Studio get_app Launch Play Console launch View Android courses Featured Android 15 Developer Preview We've released the first Developer Preview of Android 15. Try it now to collaborate with us and build a better Android. Try preview Featured Google for Games @GDC Join us on March 19th to learn how to optimize your game's performance using the cutting-edge graphics API and Android adaptability technology. Learn More Developer centers New Media apps Learn how to build and extend engaging media experiences to users across Android's multidevice ecosystem. Learn more New Games You use a game engine for most of your game design and development, but you still need to use Android tools to get the job done. Learn more New Health & Fitness Take your health and fitness app to the next level using Health Services with Health Connect. Learn more Platform Updates Keep up to date with what's going on with the Android platform. Go to Android Platform Tools Updates The latest on tools that help you build the highest quality Android apps for every Android device. Go to Studio Explore more Developer Guides Find training classes that describe how to accomplish a specific task with code samples you can re-use in your app. Sample Code Jump-start your development using these sample projects. Quality guidelines Build a high quality app with these design and behavior guidelines. Distribute Your App Learn how to launch and distribute your apps and games successfully. Latest news Keep up to date with what's going on in Android. View all news Latest videos Get the latest Android news, best practices, live videos, demonstrations, tutorials. View all videos X Follow @AndroidDev on X YouTube Check out Android Developers on YouTube LinkedIn Connect with the Android Developers community on LinkedIn More Android Android Android for Enterprise Security Source News Blog Podcasts Discover Gaming Machine Learning Privacy 5G Android Devices Large screens Wear OS ChromeOS devices Android for cars Android TV Releases Android 14 Android 13 Android 12 Android 11 Android 10 Pie Oreo Nougat Documentation and Downloads Android Studio guide Developers guides API reference Download Studio Android NDK Support Report platform bug Report documentation bug Google Play support Join research studies Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Privacy License Brand guidelines Manage cookies Get news and tips by email Subscribe English Español – América Latina Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil Türkçe العربيّة 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어