Colblindor – All about Color Blindness Skip to main content Follow me on Twitter Menu Skip to content Home What Color Blindness? Latest Articles Monthly Archives CVD Essentials Color Blindness Facts Types of CVD Red-Green CVD Curing Color Blindness Living with a CVD Color Blindness FAQs Color Blindness Tests Ishihara Test F-M 100 Hue Test Color Arrangement RGB Anomaloscope Color Tools CVD Simulator Color Name & Hue Contact Color Blindness – learn all about it "Colblindor at www.color-blindness.com presents all you ever wanted to know, learn and try out concerning color blindness. Please feel free to browse the site and find online color blindness tests, some tools to check color names or many interesting facts. I hope you will find a lot of useful information on any form and type of color vision deficiency. If you still have an open question, feel free to contact me directly." — Daniel from Colblindor Color blindness (or colour blindness — or more specific color vision deficiency (CVD)) is well known but hard to imagine if you are not suffering from it. So usually people are either looking for more information to learn about color blindness and all its details, would like to better understand the vision by simulating it or want to test themselves with some form of color blindness test. All this you can be found here on color-blindness.com — and much more. Latest news on Colblindor about Color Blindness: New Release of Color Blindness Simulator Color blindness affects approximately every 1 in 12 men (8%) and 1 in 200 women (0.5%). This means there is definitely one in your neighborhood or school class affected by it. Most of them are male, because the most common form called red-green color blindness (a term wich is also misleading) is encoded on the x-chromosome and therefore sex-linked. As red-green color blindness is inherited from a mother to her son, a father never passes this type of color blindness on to his male children. Free color blindness test app: Color Blind Check The term red-green color blindness is often used but actually not quite correct. Ever type of color vision deficiency affects the whole color spectrum and therefore can not be reduced to just certain colors. Of course, for the most often encountered types Protanomly (the milder form or red-weakness) or Protanopia (missing red cones, red-blindness) and Deuteranomaly (green-weakness) or Deuteranopia (green-blindness) the colors red and green are the most problematic and misinterpreted or indistinguishable ones. But people suffering from any of those forms have issues with the red or green part in every color, so the whole spectrum of colors is affected. Free eBook: Color Blind Essentials Besides red-green color blindness, which is encoded on the x-chromosome (sex-linked) and therefore much more common for men, there are also forms of color vision deficiency which are evenly distributed between male and female like Tritanomaly (blue-weakness) or Tritanopia (blue-blindness) and the real color blindness Achromatopsia (monochromacy) or the so called blue-cone monochromacy (only blue cones). Color blindness simulation is fascinating! If you are not colorblind it is so hard to imagine what it looks like to be colorblind: Which color do you see? Do you see any at all? What does it mean not to be able to see red? and so on. My COlor BLIndness Simulator is a handy tool which allows you to use your own images and try out all the different simulation types. It is even possible to save any simulated image and have a one-by-one comparison. Online color blindness testing is often done but unfortunately no yet as good as it could be. Usually you’ll find out about color blindness at school or when visiting an eye specialist and want to confirm this with some online tools. There are online color blindness tests available, but most of them are not reliable and cannot compensate a visit at your eye specialist. There is a new form of color blindness test coming up: Color Blind Check uses a new method and its results look very promising. But this new form still needs more time to develop and calibration to count as a trustable color blindness test. Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. Color Vision Deficiency Starting Points A good place to start with is my free eBook: Color Blind Essentials, which you can either read on- or offline. Otherwise you could begin wich some of the latest articles, try some color blindness tests or get started with answering the question What is color blindness? About 8% of all men and 0.5% of all women are suffering from some form of color vision deficiency (CVD) – yes, women can also be colorblind but as the most common form is encoded in the x-chromosome (sex-linked), there are much more men affected by it. List of 50 Facts about Color Blindness Check out a list of 50 facts on Color Vision Deficiency. From achromatopsia to population statistics, from red-green color blindness to different types of tests. This list of 50 CVD facts offers a nice overview in a compact form. Color Blindness Simulation Tool Ever wanted to see how it looks like if you are colorblind? Try out Coblis - Color Blindness Simulator. Through this online tool you can transform any image and see how it looks like with different forms of color vision deficiency. Red-Green Color Vision Deficiency Red-green color blindness is by far the most common type of color vision deficiency. Unfortunately this term is a little bit misleading and doesn't respect all the facts. There are different types of color blindness which can be distinguished into protan (red-blind), deutan (green-blind) and tritan (blue-blind) color vision deficiencies – not to forget real color blindness called monochromatism. Every type has different severities (Protanomlay/ Deuteranomaly/ Tritanomaly) up to a complete missing of certain cones (Protanopia/ Deuteranopia/ Tritanopia). Ishihara 38 Plates Color Blindness Test Since the last century the Ishihara Color Blindness Test is the most well known and the most used color vision test worldwide. Different series of plates are available (view the 38 plates edition) and used to identify different types and severities of cvd. But there are also other color vision deficiency tests available and some of them implemented as online color blindness tests. The future in cvd testing is either a genetic testing approach or using touch devices, which is well demonstrated by the Color Blind Check android app. Frequently Asked Questions on CVD Do you have a question concerning color blindness? Some of the most common questions you can find in the Color Blindness FAQ. Look through them to learn a lot more about cvd and if you can't find an answer, don't hesitate to contact Colblindor directly. Free Ebook Learn all the facts and details on color vision deficiency.Download my ebook: Color Blind Essentials, read it and share it with your friends for free. Color Blindness Resources Colour Blind Awareness All About Color Blindness by Karen Levine We are Colorblind by Tom van Beveren CVD Pilots Association come vedone i daltonici (italian) Kleurenblind (dutch) Discromat (romanian) About Colblindor Colblindor at color-blindness.com is all about color vision deficiency. This site exists since 2006 and we are happy to help you out on any questions concerning cvd. You can find color blindness tests, tools, facts, news and a lot more right here. If you have still have any open question, don’t hesitate to contact us directly through our Contact Form. — About Colblindor © 2006-2021 by Colblindor — color-blindness.com — any content questions through the color blindness contact page — powered by WordPress theme Quark