Super User Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Super User help chat Meta Super User your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question linuxwindowswindows-7windows-10networkingmicrosoft-excelmacosubuntuhard-drivewireless-networking more tags Active 1 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 5 views I need help adding VLANs to my non-VLAN home network networkingwireless-routerswitchvlan vcth4nh 1 modified 16 mins ago 32 votes 6 answers 75k views How do I force SSH to use password instead of key? ssh Ding-Yi Chen 327 modified 21 mins ago 0 votes 2 answers 3k views How to search sent emails as well as inbox in Outlook for Office 365 emailmicrosoft-outlookmicrosoft-officesearchoffice365 CommunityBot 1 modified 26 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 4k views Motherboard LED is lit (constant green) but turns off immediately when I press the power button (No fans, no POST) memorycpumotherboardtroubleshooting CommunityBot 1 modified 26 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 8 views Can I force/request windows preemptively cache files to RAM? hard-drivememoryperformancecache harrymc 476k answered 31 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 16 views How can I prevent any user (not the admin) from changing mouse settings? windowswindows-11mouse A-Tech 170 modified 31 mins ago 3 votes 2 answers 790 views Windows Explorer Not Responding But Crashes or Restarts (Windows 11) windowswindows-explorerfreezecrash user10191234 433 answered 39 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 2 views Using Ntrights.exe to grant user rights fails to _Enable_ the rights permissionswindows-server-2019 k1dfr0std 113 asked 42 mins ago 0 votes 2 answers 24 views sed search replace regexp pattern to replace repeated strings in paths linuxsed sqrt-1 1 answered 52 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 10 views Does Chrome support OID Filters in the TLS handshake google-chromebrowsersslcertificateauthentication harrymc 476k modified 55 mins ago 3 votes 2 answers 47k views sudo: effective uid is not 0, is /usr/bin/sudo on a file system with the 'nosuid' option set or an NFS file system without root privileges? linuxubuntupermissionssudo do7 1 answered 58 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views brew install fails with "no space left on device" on RHEL 9, how do I fix it? redhat-enterprise-linuxhomebrew KungWaz 205 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Link drop down menu to update automatically cell values when selecting in the menu microsoft-exceldropdownlist DavidPostill♦ 156k modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Don't show the last message from the Chat list in Microsoft Teams microsoft-teams golimar 1,624 asked 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Why doesn't Canada build housing to control the price of rent, given the country faces skyrocketing rent prices? How could a light sorcerer fly What intelligence was released in order to "blunt Chinese saber-rattling in the Taiwan Strait"? What are theistic responses to Graham Oppy's argument for atheism from naturalism? Why doesn't Washington want to enact a law to punish all currency manipulators, including China? Need name of sci-fi football type story involving weapons used in play Minimum frequency to build up tolerance to seasickness? Typesetting in different languages Is there any way to detect the three-dimensional distribution of baryonic gas in our Universe? graphic design is my passion so you are(is it true?) Great battles in the history of mathematics Reconstruct a list of strings from its prefixes Slice knots in 3-manifolds Is accusing someone of a crime slander if you believe the accusation to be true? Data structure whose name starts with the letter “N”? Man of note got TE Lawrence in one (7) Can I follow this recipe? Is it bad practice for audio inputs and outputs to share a common ground? How much can you compress information? How is Riddlemaster Sphinx's identifier greater than the number of cards in the set? Plus construction on Simplicial Sets? Can my employer reverse last year’s payroll and put the money towards my 401K Is the notion "If a polynomial has small coefficients (relative to the exponent), then it has small roots" true? Is using content from publicly available sources (without alteration) for my own course material academic dishonesty? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Super User Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.4.5671