Home page | SCORE Skip to main content Original text Contribute a better translation Translate Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Kinyarwanda Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Odia (Oriya) Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scots Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Tatar Telugu Thai Turkish Turkmen Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Translate Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Kinyarwanda Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Odia (Oriya) Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scots Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Tatar Telugu Thai Turkish Turkmen Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Powered by Translate Powered by Translate Translate English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Use my current location Small Business Success Starts Here SCORE can help you start, grow or successfully exit a business. Small business owners who receive three or more hours of mentoring report higher revenues and increased growth. Enter your ZIP code to find a free SCORE business mentor today. Featured Success Story Pretty Pokets "SCORE has amazing mentors with expertise in every possible field of business. SCORE mentors have been there for me every step of the way since the beginning of my start-up days." - Madhavi (Madhu) Challa Read the Full Story Featured Mentors Coco Zhong Leverage the insight of SCORE Mentor Coco Zhong, whose expertise spans international business and cross-cultural communication. With a strong foundation in banking, finance, and entrepreneurship, Coco applies her real-world experience and MBA knowledge to mentor up-and-coming entrepreneurs. As a co-founder of a successful startup, she offers invaluable advice for navigating the complexities of business growth. Partner with mentors like Coco at SCORE to steer your venture toward success. Browse Mentor Profiles March 3 Deadline: PPP and EIDL Loans Hardship Relief Ending Avoid default, apply for forgiveness and secure hardship plans. The SBA's 60-day grace period for PPP and COVID EIDL loan defaulters ends March 3, 2024. Act now to apply for loan forgiveness or hardship plans, avoid severe penalties and safeguard your business's credit and future financial support. Learn More Join us for the National Small Business Week Virtual Summit April 30 - May 1, 2024 Join our free, two-day virtual summit featuring access to federal resources, educational workshops, and networking to help our nation’s entrepreneurs start and grow their businesses in the face of any challenge. Learn More and Register Workshops and Events Live Webinars SCORE hosts free, LIVE webinars on small business tips and strategies. See the list of upcoming events. Register Now Local Workshops Find low or no-cost business training in your community to help start or grow your small business. Register Now Recorded Webinars Did you miss a live webinar? They are available to watch on-demand at your convenience. Watch Now Online Courses SCORE's on-demand courses allow you to learn about various small business topics at your own pace. Watch Now Use These Free Templates & Resources to Reach Your Business Goals Leverage these free templates and resources to propel your business toward success, while complementing your journey with the guidance of a SCORE Mentor, ensuring a well-rounded strategy for achieving your business goals. With the right tools and expert guidance, your business can thrive and reach new heights. Open configuration options Edit Delete SCORE for All SCORE for All is the bridge that makes the journey to success more direct and sure-footed for entrepreneurs who need more support. Open configuration options Edit Delete Loans, Grants and Other Funding Options for Women-Owned Businesses In this webinar, you'll learn about the different loans, grants and other funding options available to women entrepreneurs. Open configuration options Edit Delete 14 Tips to Start a Small Business for Women Entrepreneurs Start off your entrepreneurial journey on the right foot with these 14 tips for aspiring women entrepreneurs. Open configuration options Edit Delete 33 Networking Groups for Women Business Owners If like many successful women leaders, you’re excited to grow your network, but aren’t sure where to get started, check out these networking resources. Open configuration options Edit Delete How Women Entrepreneurs are Overcoming Financial Challenges Women business owners face the same daily challenges all entrepreneurs face but, they face additional challenges as well. Open configuration options Edit Delete Increase Your Sales by Attracting Your Target Market In this webinar, you’ll learn how to determine your target market and structure your business to attract your ideal customer. Open configuration options Edit Delete Sales Forecast (12 months) The sales forecast is the key to the whole financial plan, so it is important to use realistic estimates. Download SCORE's Sales Forecast template. Open configuration options Edit Delete Business Plan 101: Sales & Marketing The sales and marketing section of your business plan describes how you intend to sell your product. Learn what you should include in this section. Open configuration options Edit Delete Business Planning & Financial Statements Template Gallery Download our easy-to-use business planning, finance, sales, marketing, and management templates to help you plan for a new business or grow your existing business. Open configuration options Edit Delete The Startup Roadmap: Your Guide to Successfully Starting a Business The Startup Roadmap outlines each step in starting a business with detailed information and resources. And with SCORE, you don’t have to do it alone. Empowering Women Entrepreneurs In honor of Women's History Month, SCORE is proud to reinforce its commitment to empowering female entrepreneurs. Recognizing the distinct hurdles faced by women in the business world, SCORE is determined to close the gender gap in entrepreneurship. With a dedication to actionable support and offering vital resources, SCORE's Women Entrepreneurs resource hub is specifically designed to assist and navigate you from the initial stages to success. Join us in this empowering journey of growth and accomplishment. Find Resources for Women Entrepreneurs Get Business Advice Now. Chat live with a Mentor. Have a quick business question and need it right away? You can use our online chat to connect 1:1 with a mentor. Simply click on the chat bubble that appears on the bottom of every page. Chat mentors are available: Mon & Wed 9 am - 5 pm ET. Tues & Thurs 2 - 5 pm ET. Chat Now Featured LiveChat Mentoring Success Story Vivilicious Chocolates "My sessions with Bob have also served as a great source of motivation and inspiration to continue striving for excellence in all aspects of my business. Words cannot express how grateful I am for SCORE, their amazing mentors and resources." - Viviane Gontijo, Vivilicious Chocolates Read the Full Story Featured LiveChat Mentor Robert Janesak, SCORE Business Mentor SCORE Rockland mentor Robert Janesak has been the essential ingredient in Vivalicious Chocolates' success story, providing invaluable guidance from LLC formation to sales strategies. Collaborate with SCORE mentors like him to navigate your business journey, ensuring growth and success. Browse Mentor Profiles CONNECT 712 H St NE PMB 98848 } Washington, DC 20002 1-800-634-0245 Sign up for SCORE's Newsletter Copyright © 2024 SCORE Association, SCORE.org Funded, in part, through a Cooperative Agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration. All opinions, and/or recommendations expressed herein are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. Chat generously provided by: In partnership with Jump back to top