Sleep Cycle | Sleep Tracker, Monitor & Alarm Clock Home How Sleep Cycle works About Sleep Press Investor Relations Support Wake up easy with Sleep Cycle Sleep Cycle tracks and analyzes your sleep, waking you up at the most perfect time, feeling rested! Get started Give away one year of Sleep Cycle premium. Buy Sleep impacts your organization. Find out what you can do about it. Learn more We want to help the world to better sleep. By using Sleep Cycle to track your sleep and find your perfect wake up window, we believe you’ll be part of that change, for the benefit of better health. Sleep statistics this week Recent posts Why Am I so Thirsty at Night? Do you often find yourself needing a glass of water during the night? Nighttime thirst can be a puzzling issue, and it’s important to understand the underlying causes to improve your sleep quality. Feb 22, 2024 Sleep Habits and Health Monica Garcia Slumber Stats: Sleep Quality Across the USA Sleep Awareness Week® is here, and we’ve celebrated early by diving into the dreamy world of sleep data! So, grab on to your sleep masks because we’re about to reveal ranking and provide insights into measuring sleep quality. Feb 13, 2024 Sleep Reports Susanne Lindberg Mikkelsen The Benefits of Green Noise: Unveiling Nature’s Soothing Symphony Have you ever felt a sense of calm wash over you while listening to the rustling of leaves or the gentle patter of raindrops? If so, you’ve experienced the soothing effects of green noise. Feb 8, 2024 Sleep Cycle Features, Sleep Sounds and Music Monica Garcia Editor's picks Sleep apnea is a big deal: Why does sleep apnea occur and what are the risks associated with it? Learn how sleep apnea works, who it affects, and find out if you are in the risk zone. Sep 20, 2022 Sleep Apnea Dr. Robert S. Rosenberg How to use light to reset your circadian rhythm The sleep-wake cycle is regulated by the body’s internal 24-hour clock – the circadian rhythm. But spending too much time indoors may be disrupting it. Jul 19, 2022 Circadian Rhythm Lina Törnquist How does our circadian rhythm work? Learn how the body clock works and why it’s so important. Jan 11, 2022 Circadian Rhythm Malin Eriksson Popular topics Circadian Rhythm Insomnia Narcolepsy Sleep Disorders Sleep Paralysis Sleep Quizzes Sleep Science How to Fall Asleep How to Meditate in Bed: A Guide to Finding Inner Peace and Restful Sleep Sleep Apnea Can sleep apnea cause diabetes? Sleep Cycle Features The Benefits of Green Noise: Unveiling Nature’s Soothing Symphony Sleep Deprivation Why do my allergies get worse at night? Tips to sleep better with allergies Wake up easy tomorrow. Let your phone analyze your sleep and wake you up with a gentle alarm in the lightest sleep phase – the natural way to wake up feeling rested. Home How Sleep Cycle works About Sleep Press Contact Support Privacy Policy Career Investor Relations © Sleep Cycle