Home | 1EdTech Skip to main content Login Join 1EdTech Search IMPERATIVES EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP IMPERATIVES Transformative Digital Learning Achieve a responsive, innovative, and trusted ecosystem Personalized Learner Journeys Give learners and faculty a foundation of choice and personalization Achievement, Opportunity, and Employment Help learners capture and share achievements for a lifetime of opportunities Learner Success, Retention, and Outcomes Ensure your ecosystem provides usable insights and data Read About Our Imperatives and Workstreams Ecosystem Resources K-12 Education Higher Education Corporate Learning Join 1EdTech Member Directory Become a Member WORKSTREAMS COLLABORATIVE INITIATIVES & PROGRAMS TrustEd Apps Vetting Guide institutions and edtech suppliers toward secure data use, collection, and sharing Learning Platforms, Apps, and Tools Achieve an innovative, agile and scalable edtech ecosystem for teaching and learning excellence Curriculum Innovation and Teaching Strategies Deploy a wider set of best-in-class digital resources for more engaged learning Integrated Assessment Deliver on redesigning equitable assessment to improve progress and personalization Learning Data and Analytics Inform decisions with data and powerful insights across your digital ecosystem Digital Credentials An open and trusted digital credentials ecosystem means better hiring for employers and better opportunities for every learner Read About Our Imperatives and Workstreams Ecosystem Resources K-12 Education Higher Education Corporate Learning Programs TrustEd Apps CASE Network 2 Centers of Excellence Wellspring Initiative TrustEd Microcredential Coalition LTI Advantage Data STANDARDS OPEN STANDARDS FOR EDTECH INTEGRATIONS Caliper Analytics Collect click-stream data from all digital resources to measure learning activities and effectiveness Common Cartridge Package and exchange learning content and assessments from a variety of resources Competencies & Academic Standards Exchange (CASE) A framework for digitally transmitting learning standards and competencies to ensure alignment of digital content Comprehensive Learner Record (CLR) Capturing and communicating all learning experiences and achievements in verifiable, digital form Data Privacy Provides suppliers a way to communicate their student data, security, third-party sharing, and advertising policies LTI Advantage (Learning Tools Interoperability) Enables deep and secure integration of learning platforms and apps/tools for better student experiences OneRoster and Edu-API Allows for the secure exchange of data between an institution's teaching and learning systems and tools Open Badges Share verified skills and achievements with learning providers and employers across multiple platforms Question & Test Interoperability (QTI) and Assessment Enables the exchange of assessment content and data to be accessible and meet the full range of testing needs See All 1EdTech Standards Public Resources TrustEd Apps Directory Student Learning Data Model Product Roadmap TrustEd Apps Rubrics Accessibility Generative AI Data Security Practices Member Only Resources TrustEd Apps Management Suite Development Resources Technical Support Member Forums CERTIFICATION READY. SET. CERTIFIED. TrustEd Apps Directory The official listing of products that have achieved 1EdTech interoperability certification Procure 1EdTech Certified Products Helpful resources for K-12 and HED technology leaders and procurement officers to know what to include in your RFPs Get Your Products 1EdTech Certified The fastest and most cost-effective way to achieve product integrations Get Your TACL Professional Certification The TrustEd Apps Certified Leader (TACL) Series helps educational leaders address today's ever-changing digital learning landscape Certification Programs TrustEd Apps Certified Leader TrustEd Apps Directory Certification Questions? Support Contact Us EVENTS CONNECTING THE POWER OF THE EDTECH COMMUNITY Digital Credentials Summit 2024 March 4-6, 2024 | New Orleans, Louisiana Learning Impact Conference 2024 June 3-6, 2024 | Salt Lake City, Utah Sponsorship Opportunities Leadership and collaboration from industry-leading organizations committed to advancing edtech Upcoming Webinar Learn about 1EdTech's new TrustEd Apps Rubrics for evaluating the Security Practices, Generative AI Data, and Accessibility of your edtech tools. See 1EdTech Member Meetings See All Meetings and Events Resources Recorded Webinars & Videos Join 1EdTech Member Directory Become a Member ABOUT US ACCELERATING EDTECH INNOVATION TOGETHER About 1EdTech 1EdTech is the leading member-led non-profit edtech partnership accelerating the digital transformation of learning Leadership Boards and Committees providing the leadership and advocacy to advance the work of 1EdTech Join 1EdTech Become part of a united collaboration to create and evolve the foundation for an open, innovative, and trusted digital learning ecosystem that powers the potential of all learners. Annual Report Learn about 1EdTech's Progress the past year in Leading Innovation to Power Learner Potential Learning Impact Awards The only program recognizing breakthrough uses of learning technology for education Blog Honest and relevant insights from edtech leaders on the future of learning, technology, and digital impact News Featured articles and media coverage of 1EdTech initiatives and member announcements 1EdTech CEO Search Information and status on the search and selection process for the next CEO of 1EdTech. Membership Become a Member Member Directory Member Login Regions Europe Japan Society All Regions Connect with 1EdTech Contact Us 1EdTech Staff Careers Media Kit Search Learn about 1EdTech's new tools for evaluating security, AI data, and accessibility in your edtech products at our March 27 webinar. Sign Up Today BEST PRACTICES FOR MICROCREDENTIALS Issue skills-based digital credentials that are trusted, verifiable, and always interoperable. Learn More TrustEd Apps Management Suite Easily share curated edtech applications validated for privacy and integration readiness with your institutions, admin, and teachers. Learn More Innovative Projects See how 1EdTech open standards help in ongoing research at Georgia Tech. Learn More BUILD YOUR ECOSYSTEM WITH INTENTION Using standards opens up options for future innovations in Virginia’s Prince William County Public Schools. See How Previous Next Welcome to the World’s Most United Educational Technology Community The 1EdTech community of leaders across K-12, higher education, and edtech suppliers is committed to building an open, trusted, and innovative digital learning ecosystem at every level. How We Power Learner Potential Now and Into the Future Our passion is making day-to-day activities easier and more impactful for educators, administrators, and learners by connecting everyone to the best digital learning experiences imaginable. This global effort is guided by our four strategic imperatives. Transformative Digital Learning Achieve a responsive, innovative, and trusted ecosystem Learn More Personalized Learner Journeys Give learners and faculty a foundation of choice and personalization Learn More Achievement, Opportunity, and Employment Help learners capture and share achievements for a lifetime of opportunities Learn More Learner Success, Retention, and Outcomes Ensure your ecosystem provides usable insights and reliable data Learn More Leverage Our Partnerships and Collaborations Our community advances innovative work across six workstreams, which support four strategic imperatives. These imperatives and workstreams in various combinations help educators and edtech suppliers advance what's happening across the education landscape today while preparing for tomorrow. It's how together we power learner potential. Imperatives and WorkstreamsLearn More 1EdTech Community Events and Activities 1EdTech offers opportunities to learn, share, and network with academic and technical leaders. Our continuous commitment propels us to meet the increasing demands of today's learners and empowers us to face the challenges ahead. March 4-6 New Orleans Unlock opportunities for all learners. Join leaders and innovators at our premier event to influence the future. Register June 3-6 Salt Lake City The event of the year to get ahead of what's next. Join us as we unite to shape the edtech ecosystem in a time of change. Register Attend and Sponsor, Engage in Projects, and Keep Your Edge1EdTech Events 1EdTech Member Stories 1Edtech members inspire, connect, and propel collaboration, offering diverse experiences that motivate and provide invaluable lessons. Learn and grow with us as we propel our community forward. Creating an Equitable Ecosystem with Intention A 1EdTech membership allows Prince William County to be more intentional and strategic with the edtech tools it uses in its classrooms, improving both data security and equity across the district's digital ecosystem. Learn More Scalable Solutions in European Ecosystems Alignment of the ecosystem with public values is particularly important in Europe, and 1EdTech is there to help organizations ensure learners worldwide can have access to secure, accessible educational resources. Learn More Supporting Innovation in Teaching and Learning The University of Michigan is thrilled that its faculty can more freely experiment, innovate, and assess the effectiveness of educational learning and teaching tools, all thanks to the adoption of 1EdTech open standards. Learn More 32 Countries 1023 Member Organizations Global Impact View All Members We’re Proud of Our 1EdTech Members Contributing Institutions Previous Next Contributing Suppliers Previous Next Together We All Go Forward Faster When you join 1EdTech, you’ll work collaboratively with the brightest minds in education and technology. Whether as a Contributing, Affiliate, or Alliance member, our spirit fuels our determination to improve education. It's Time to Add Your Voice and LeadershipStart Here Integrated learning environments are key to student and teacher success. The TrustEd Apps initiative by 1EdTech fosters easier integrations with edtech tools to get teachers teaching and students learning. James Corns Executive Director Baltimore County Public Schools 1EdTech creates a unique space for universities and edtech suppliers to surface, discuss issues, and work together on technical solutions and standards in order to improve the ecosystem for everyone. I am grateful that UC is a 1EdTech Contributing Member. Michelle Lew Director, Teaching and Learning Technologies University of California System An open learning ecosystem simplifies our conversations with school districts, and higher ed institutions, because it allows them to focus on teaching and learning, and their own innovation strategies, instead of trying to manage different vendors coming together. Melissa Loble Chief Academic Officer Instructure X x Edtech You Can Trust to Be Easy, Meaningful, and Safe As a community, 1EdTech aims to support teaching and learning in all educational environments. We know educators need tools and systems that can evolve with their ever-changing challenges. The TrustEd AppsTM Program helps you build an open, trusted, and innovative digital learning ecosystem at every level. Discover all four program components: TrustEd Apps Pledge, TrustEd Apps Vetting & Certification, TrustEd Apps Management Suite, and the TrustEd Apps Certified Leader. TrustEd Apps Program Recent Product Certifications The TrustEd Apps Directory is the easiest way to search and review digital education products that have passed data privacy and interoperability certification. Products certified by 1EdTech are the best way to reduce implementation costs and ensure all your learning tools and content work together. TrustEd Apps Directory Stay Ahead of What's Next Coalition of Education and Edtech Leaders Releases Framework for Trusted Digital Credentials 2024-03-01 1EdTech’s TrustEd Microcredential Coalition developed the framework to The Future of Credentialing Standards (Instructure Podcast) 2024-02-09 Digital Credentials Aren’t Valuable Unless… 2024-02-09 See All News Get Up and Stand Up for Learning Impact “Get up, stand up.” —Bob Marley 1EdTech's Building a Bridge of Trust: Three Pillars of the 1EdTech Digital Credentials Ecosystem At 1EdTech, we understand the evolving landscape of education and the growing need for flexible, Gleaning Inspiration from the 2024 National Educational Technology Plan 1EdTech commends the U.S. See All Blogs x Be a part of the transformation to a new focus on developing skills, rewarding achievements, and connecting talent to opportunities. 2024 Digital Credentials Summit March 4-6 | New Orleans, Louisiana Register Now JOIN 1EDTECH Power Learner Potential @LearningImpact GET STARTED Become a Member K-12 Education Higher Education Developers TrustEd Apps TrustEd Apps Pledge Contact Us WORKSTREAMS TrustEd Apps Vetting Learning Platforms, Apps, and Tools Curriculum Innovation Integrated Assessment Learning Data & Analytics Digital Credentials RESOURCES TrustEd Apps Directory K-12 Playbook HED Playbook Developer Tools Certification Central Member Support Member Newsletter EVENTS Learning Impact Conference Digital Credentials Summit K-12 Leaders Forum Europe Conference Member Meetings Industry Conferences & Webinars Sponsorship ABOUT US Our Team Member Directory Leadership Activities Annual Report Learning Impact Report Learning Impact Blog Award Programs News Media Kit Careers © 2024 1EdTech Consortium, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Trademarks | Legal Notices and Disclaimers Help us improve the accessibility of this site by emailing recommendations to web@imsglobal.org