Business Data Responsibility - Your Data Protection & Privacy Business Data Responsibility Business Data Responsibility Overview Compliance Product Controls Data Safety For Marketers and Publishers Built-in Security Security and Privacy for all Responsible Innovation Safety Engineering Center Resources Privacy Policy Business Data Responsibility Commited to keeping data safe. For your business, for everyone. Data privacy is vital to your business. That’s why we protect it and provide you with the guidance and tools you need to manage it responsibly. Need a quick answer? Get help finding it faster. Start search Not a business? Go to Safety Center How we keep your data safe Compliance We're always working to stay compliant, which helps make compliance easier for your business. Read more Product controls Your business data is yours to control. With Google, you'll always have the right to choose what information you share based on the products and features you use. Read more Data safety We protect data by investing security and privacy technology for every business, including our own, and share our innovations with the world – making the internet a safer place for everyone. Read more Responsible innovation From engineering to ethical AI, we’re leading the way in promoting accountability while helping businesses across the world learn how to gain insights from data appropriately. Read more Resources Discover free training and useful tools that can help drive a better understanding of your business data, as well as news and insights that can inspire transformational thinking. Read more Audits and certifications Keeping your information safe, secure and private is our highest priority, which is why we work closely with data protection authorities to embed and implement strict practices and protocols across our organization. This includes regular auditing and keeping our certifications up to date. Find out more ISO 27001 ISO 27017 FedRAMP PCI DSS ISO27018 Footer links About Google Google Products Privacy Terms Help