Outsports - Courage is contagious Coming Out Stories Out Athletes Power 100 About Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube MLB How to solve MLB’s see-through pants fiasco: Cut a deal with Andrew Christian By Ken Schultz This college summer baseball team just named a ‘beefy’ leather daddy as their mascot By Cyd Zeigler Weird spectacle of the NFL’s ‘Underwear Olympics’ wraps up By Jim Buzinski Eric Radford and Team Canada could be awarded bronze medals 2 years after the Olympics By Cyd Zeigler New queer-led promotion Alliance For All Wrestling debuts in LA with message of unity By Brian C. Bell Hockey, Homophobia, NHL Brock McGillis delivers the perfect message about locker room culture in just 55 seconds By Cyd Zeigler Diving, Out Athletes, Summer Olympics Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black open up about the ordeal of going to trial in UK athletes-coming out, Bisexuality, Front Page Bisexual athlete Jordan Rand shares her advice for coming out The Latest Austria soccer star sorry for homophobic chanting after Rapid Vienna’s derby win Austrian Bundesliga chiefs are taking action against the 32-time champions after shameful scenes on Sunday. By Jon Holmes | February 27, 2024 Manchester United celebrate their LGBTQ fans as club wins Football v Homophobia Award Eric Najib, founder of Rainbow Devils and manager of the world’s most successful LGBTQ football club, Stonewall FC, was also shortlisted for an FvH Award. By Jon Holmes | February 26, 2024 Aussie Rules Football umpire, boyfriend murdered in alleged ‘crime of passion.’ Bodies reportedly found. Jesse Baird had been an umpire since 2020. He and his boyfriend are believed to have been murdered by an ex-boyfriend of Baird. By Jim Buzinski | February 26, 2024 You won’t see Russia in the 2024 Olympics after Court of Arbitration upholds IOC’s ban Thanks to the Russian Olympic Committee incorporating organizations from Ukraine, the IOC has decreed that they will be forbidden from the Paris Games. By Ken Schultz | February 26, 2024 Pro figure skater Colin Grafton says ‘I’m gay’ publicly for the first time From Team USA to Dancing On Ice, Grafton has had a full career. Now he’s sharing his pride in who he is. By Cyd Zeigler | February 26, 2024 Bryden Hattie wins his fourth SEC diving title The out gay athlete blew away the competition to earn his third SEC platform title. Next up: the NCAAs and... the Olympics? By Cyd Zeigler | February 24, 2024 Baby will make 3 for athlete-wives Amiaya Carey Hinds-Clarke and Jaide Hinds-Clarke The former college stars, married since 2022, say their first child is due in August. By Jim Buzinski | February 23, 2024 13 LGBTQ athletes join the call for a ceasefire in Gaza A new open letter from Athletes for Ceasefire draws on the legacy of anti-war activism in sports. By Shelby Weldon | February 23, 2024 Nassau County executive order bans trans participation in sports at facilities Believed to be the first in the U.S., the new policy in New York would ban affirming schools and leagues from county venues. By Karleigh Webb | February 22, 2024 These Brandeis athletes created a perfect, fun, swoon-worthy engagement video Courtney Thrun’s proposal to Elizabeth Irene was emotional and perfect. Luckily for us, she also captured it on camera. By Ken Schultz | February 22, 2024 Brittney Griner makes emotional return to Baylor for number retirement After allegedly telling Griner to hide her true self, Baylor tries to make amends by giving her an honor and celebration she richly deserves. By Ken Schultz | February 22, 2024 Dwight Howard sex assault case will go forward, judge says Howard had hoped to dismiss the allegations from a man with whom the NBA legend says he had consensual sex. By Cyd Zeigler | February 22, 2024 1 2 3 … 718 Next » Coming Out Stories Out Athletes Power 100 About Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Privacy Notice for California Residents Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information.Cookie settingsAcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept