Walter P. Reuther Library Return to Home Advanced Site Search Image Gallery Collections Publications APREL Exhibits Blog Podcasts Social Media Main Menu About Us Contact Us Donating Materials Site Search Help support the Library Hosted Web Sites Newsletters and Brochures Oral History Reading Room Survey Scholarships Log in Ask An Archivist Search ArchivesSpace Search CONTENTdm Research Information Audio Visual Audio Clips Reading Room University Latest Uploads (46967) Portrait of Horace Sheffield Jr. Horace Sheffield Jr. Papers Now Open Congratulations to the Recipients of the 2024 Sam Fishman Travel Grant! Reuther Library Closed Tuesday, January 23 Event: "UC on Strike! Preserving Protest for Strike Success in Higher Ed Labor more Browse by all: categories Choose One... AFSCME AFT ALPA Damon J. Keith IWW JCA MDA NALC SEIU SWE UAW UFW WSU Walter P. Reuther Library, Archives of Labor and Urban Affairs, Wayne State University — 5401 Cass Ave, Detroit, MI 48202 Hours of Operations Podcast] The UAW’s Southern Gamble in Foreign-Owned Factories Posted February 26th, 2024 by teller in Bieber, Owen Collective bargaining Fraser, Douglas A. (Douglas Andrew), 1916-2008 Gewerkschaft Öffentliche Dienste, Transport und Verkehr International labor activities Labor unions--organizing Labor-management relations UAW United Automobile Workers Dr. Stephen Silvia explains how the UAW built a cooperative relationship with workers’ councils and unions at foreign automotive companies, but has nevertheless struggled to organize those companies’ vehicle factories in the southern United States since the 1990s due to anti-labor politics and the companies’ shared anti-union playbooks. read more » Horace Sheffield Jr. Papers Now Open Posted February 22nd, 2024 by lminadeo in African American labor leaders Sheffield, Horace The Walter P. Reuther Library is pleased to announce an addition to the Horace Sheffield Jr. Papers is now open for research. These materials were previously under the stewardship of the Charles H. Wright Museum and join a small existing collection of Sheffield’s at the Reuther. Sheffield was a prominent voice in Detroit’s labor and civil rights movements, and his collection is an exciting example of the overlapping movements in Detroit. read more » lminadeo's blog Congratulations to the Recipients of the 2024 Sam Fishman Travel Grant! Posted January 31st, 2024 by ageraci The Walter P. Reuther Library is proud to announce the recipients of the 2024 Sam Fishman Travel Grant. These annual grants provide up to $1,000 to support travel to the Reuther Library to access archival records related to the American labor movement. The award is named in honor of Sam Fishman, a former UAW and Michigan AFL-CIO leader. As part of their research visits, awardees are invited to discuss their research on Tales From the Reuther Library and/or another WSU outlet. Watch for updates about recipient visits later in the year. read more » ageraci's blog © MMXXIV Walter P. Reuther Library, Archives of Labor and Urban Affairs, Wayne State University. All rights reserved. | 5401 Cass Ave. | Detroit MI 48202 | 313-577-4024 | Hours | Directions | Copyright and Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Web site feedback | Ask an Archivist