Poets & Writers | Contests, MFA Programs, Agents & Grants for Writers Jump to navigation Skip to content Search form Search Donate Newsletter My P&W Log in Subscribe P&W on Facebook P&W on Twitter P&W on Instagram Main menu Publish Your WritingWriting ContestsFind details about every creative writing competition—including poetry contests, short story competitions, essay contests, awards for novels, grants for translators, and more—that we’ve published in the Grants & Awards section of Poets & Writers Magazine during the past year. We carefully review the practices and policies of each contest before including it in the Writing Contests database, the most trusted resource for legitimate writing contests available anywhere.More Literary MagazinesFind a home for your poems, stories, essays, and reviews by researching the publications vetted by our editorial staff. In the Literary Magazines database you’ll find editorial policies, submission guidelines, contact information—everything you need to know before submitting your work to the publications that share your vision for your work.More Small PressesWhether you’re pursuing the publication of your first book or your fifth, use the Small Presses database to research potential publishers, including submission guidelines, tips from the editors, contact information, and more.More Literary AgentsResearch more than one hundred agents who represent poets, fiction writers, and creative nonfiction writers, plus details about the kinds of books they’re interested in representing, their clients, and the best way to contact them.More Agents & Editors RecommendEvery week a new publishing professional shares advice, anecdotes, insights, and new ways of thinking about writing and the business of books. More G&A: The Contest BlogStay informed with reports from the world of writing contests, including news of extended deadlines, recent winners of notable awards, new contest announcements, interviews with winners, and more.More Open Reading PeriodsFind publishers ready to read your work now with our Open Reading Periods page, a continually updated resource listing all the literary magazines and small presses currently open for submissions.More Top Topics for WritersSince our founding in 1970, Poets & Writers has served as an information clearinghouse of all matters related to writing. While the range of inquiries has been broad, common themes have emerged over time. Our Top Topics for Writers addresses the most popular and pressing issues, including literary agents, copyright, MFA programs, and self-publishing.More Poets & Writers GuidesOur series of subject-based handbooks (PDF format; $4.99 each) provide information and advice from authors, literary agents, editors, and publishers. Now available: The Poets & Writers Guide to Publicity and Promotion, The Poets & Writers Guide to the Book Deal, The Poets & Writers Guide to Literary Agents, The Poets & Writers Guide to MFA Programs, and The Poets & Writers Guide to Writing Contests.More Find a home for your work by consulting our searchable databases of writing contests, literary magazines, small presses, literary agents, and more. Promote Your WritingLiterary Events CalendarPoets & Writers lists readings, workshops, and other literary events held in cities across the country. Whether you are an author on book tour or the curator of a reading series, the Literary Events Calendar can help you find your audience.More Get The Word OutGet the Word Out is a new publicity incubator for debut fiction writers and poets.More Book Review OutletsResearch newspapers, magazines, websites, and other publications that consistently publish book reviews using the Review Outlets database, which includes information about publishing schedules, submission guidelines, fees, and more.More Poets & Writers DirectoryWell over ten thousand poets and writers maintain listings in this essential resource for writers interested in connecting with their peers, as well as editors, agents, and reading series coordinators looking for authors. Apply today to join the growing community of writers who stay in touch and informed using the Poets & Writers Directory.More Top Topics for WritersSince our founding in 1970, Poets & Writers has served as an information clearinghouse of all matters related to writing. While the range of inquiries has been broad, common themes have emerged over time. Our Top Topics for Writers addresses the most popular and pressing issues, including literary agents, copyright, MFA programs, and self-publishing.More Let the world know about your work by posting your events on our literary events calendar, apply to be included in our directory of writers, and more. Find Your CommunityPoets & Writers GroupsFind a writers group to join or create your own with Poets & Writers Groups. Everything you need to connect, communicate, and collaborate with other poets and writers—all in one place.More Poets & Writers DirectoryWell over ten thousand poets and writers maintain listings in this essential resource for writers interested in connecting with their peers, as well as editors, agents, and reading series coordinators looking for authors. Apply today to join the growing community of writers who stay in touch and informed using the Poets & Writers Directory.More MFA ProgramsFind information about more than two hundred full- and low-residency programs in creative writing in our MFA Programs database, which includes details about deadlines, funding, class size, core faculty, and more. Also included is information about more than fifty MA and PhD programs.More Conferences & ResidenciesWhether you are looking to meet up with fellow writers, agents, and editors, or trying to find the perfect environment to fuel your writing practice, the Conferences & Residencies is the essential resource for information about well over three hundred writing conferences, writers residencies, and literary festivals around the world.More Literary Events CalendarPoets & Writers lists readings, workshops, and other literary events held in cities across the country. Whether you are an author on book tour or the curator of a reading series, the Literary Events Calendar can help you find your audience.More Literary PlacesDiscover historical sites, independent bookstores, literary archives, writing centers, and writers spaces in cities across the country using the Literary Places database—the best starting point for any literary journey, whether it’s for research or inspiration.More Jobs for WritersSearch for jobs in education, publishing, the arts, and more within our free, frequently updated job listings for writers and poets.More Establish new connections and enjoy the company of your peers using our searchable databases of MFA programs and writers retreats, apply to be included in our directory of writers, and more. Register for Classes Apply for OpportunitiesReadings & Workshops Mini-grantsEach year the Readings & Workshops program provides support to hundreds of writers participating in literary readings and conducting writing workshops. Learn more about this program, our special events, projects, and supporters, and how to contact us.More Get The Word OutGet the Word Out is a new publicity incubator for debut fiction writers and poets.More Writers Exchange AwardThe Maureen Egen Writers Exchange Award introduces emerging writers to the New York City literary community, providing them with a network for professional advancement.More Find information about how Poets & Writers provides support to hundreds of writers participating in literary readings and conducting writing workshops. Poets & Writers MagazineSubscribeBring the literary world to your door—at half the newsstand price. Available in print and digital editions, Poets & Writers Magazine is a must-have for writers who are serious about their craft.More Current IssueView the contents and read select essays, articles, interviews, and profiles from the current issue of the award-winning Poets & Writers Magazine.More Article ArchiveRead three decades of essays, articles, interviews, profiles, and other select content from Poets & Writers Magazine.More Issue ArchiveView the covers and contents of every issue of Poets & Writers Magazine, from the current edition all the way back to the first black-and-white issue in 1987.More Grants & AwardsFind details about every creative writing competition—including poetry contests, short story competitions, essay contests, awards for novels, grants for translators, and more—that we’ve published in the Grants & Awards section of Poets & Writers Magazine during the past year. We carefully review the practices and policies of each contest before including it in the Writing Contests database, the most trusted resource for legitimate writing contests available anywhere.More Craft CapsulesIn our weekly series of craft essays, some of the best and brightest minds in contemporary literature explore their craft in compact form, articulating their thoughts about creative obsessions and curiosities in a working notebook of lessons about the art of writing.More Writing PromptsThe Time Is Now offers weekly writing prompts in poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction to help you stay committed to your writing practice throughout the year. Sign up to get The Time Is Now, as well as a weekly book recommendation for guidance and inspiration, delivered to your inbox.More Writers RecommendEvery week a new author shares books, art, music, writing prompts, films—anything and everything—that has inspired and shaped the creative process.More Author ReadingsWatch videos, listen to audio clips, and view slideshows related to articles and features published in Poets & Writers Magazine.More Advertise With UsAds in Poets & Writers Magazine and on pw.org are the best ways to reach a readership of serious poets and literary prose writers. Our audience trusts our editorial content and looks to it, and to relevant advertising, for information and guidance.More Customer ServiceStart, renew, or give a subscription to Poets & Writers Magazine; change your address; check your account; pay your bill; report a missed issue; contact us.More ClassifiedsPeruse paid listings of writing contests, conferences, workshops, editing services, calls for submissions, and more.More Subscriptions for Young WritersPoets & Writers is pleased to provide free subscriptions to Poets & Writers Magazine to award-winning young writers and to high school creative writing teachers for use in their classrooms.More Read select articles from the award-winning magazine and consult the most comprehensive listing of literary grants and awards, deadlines, and prizewinners available in print. Subscribe Now Subscribe Ten Questions for Cindy Juyoung Ok WORKSHOP This online intensive is designed for writers who have developed their craft and are now ready to make a concrete plan for getting their work published. The next three-session workshop for fiction writers begin March 25. Early bird pricing ends March 10! Learn more and register From the Archive On Writing About Books: Ten Pro Tips for the Freelance Reviewer Writing Prompts Absence Poetry Prompts “Because curfews of / Because strip search at the checkpoint into / Because grandmother’s... Subcultures Creative Nonfiction Prompts In a recent essay in the New York Times Magazine, Mireille Silcoff explores the evolving... Nicknames Fiction Prompts Maggot, Humvee, Peg, Swap-Out, Baggy Eyes, Creaky, Fast Forward, Extra Eye. These are all... Tools for writers Literary Magazines930+ Small Presses340+ Literary Places610+ Literary Agents190+ Grants & Awards430+ MFA Programs250+ Writers Retreats160+ Review Outlets60+ Daily News March 5, 2024 There are more than five hundred Silent Book Club chapters in fifty countries, and Philadelphia is home to one of them, reports the Philadelphia Inquirer. The Philly chapter meets monthly at a café, where people gather to read silently for sixty minutes that are akin to an “introvert happy hour.” March 5, 2024 A startup publisher called Authors Equity, which includes backers formerly with Big Five publishers, will do away with book advances and offer authors “the lion’s share” of profits made from their books, reports the New York Times. March 5, 2024 Generative AI, a category which includes the language-producing ChatGPT, is top of mind for business leaders, who are mostly “bullish” about the technology and “expect the number of functions or general purposes where they will seek to deploy generative AI to more than double in 2024,” reports Publishers Weekly. March 4, 2024 For anyone who doubted the wisdom of poet Stephanie Burt’s Harvard University English class on Taylor Swift, behold: Swift is literally related to Emily Dickinson, reports Today. March 4, 2024 Diversity in publishing has been steadily increasing, according to Lee & Low Books’ Diversity Baseline Survey: Last year, 72.5 percent of publishing, review journal, and literary agency staff identified as White/Caucasian, down from 76 percent in 2019 and 79 percent in 2015, according to the survey. March 4, 2024 The slightly different color of a rereleased cult-favorite ink by a German pen manufacturer has spurred a “drama in the fountain pen community,” reports the New York Times. March 1, 2024 Little Free Library is partnering with the Free Library of Philadelphia for the Little Free(dom) Library initiative, which will collect and circulate books that have been the target of book bans, including The Undefeated by Kwame Alexander, All Boys Aren’t Blue by George M. Johnson, and others. Anyone can take a book from the Little Free(dom) libraries at one of fourteen locations in the City of Brotherly Love, writes Visit Philadelphia. March 1, 2024 Spotify, which launched audiobooks on its podcast and music platform last year, is offering a special option for audiobooks enthusiasts who are less interested in other kinds of listening. Audiobooks Access Tier is slightly less expensive than the Premium option that gives access to audiobooks in addition to music and podcasts, writes Publishers Weekly. March 1, 2024 The rise of knockoff books—or titles posing as the work of recognized authors but apparently generated by AI—continues to undermine writers, reports the Washington Post. The fakes are common on Amazon, and many authors and publishers wonder “why such a powerful tech company seems to be having such a hard time getting a handle on the problem.” But a solution may be on the horizon, says a columnist at Publishers Weekly. February 29, 2024 Wired unpacks the strange economics of fan fiction, untangling who gets to profit off the derivative work and why. The article focuses on one fan fiction story in particular—Manacled, a cross between the Harry Potter franchise and The Handmaid’s Tale—whose author just signed a publishing deal with Del Rey. February 29, 2024 The New York Times takes a tour through the Museo Bodoniano in Parma, Italy, where patrons receive an education in the eighteenth century typographer and creator of the eponymous Bodoni typeface that graces many book covers. February 29, 2024 Northern Europeans are increasingly reading English versions of books rather than titles translated into national languages, changing the market for foreign rights and translators, writes the Bookseller, a U.K. publication about the book business. February 29, 2024 The Equity Directory is a new online resource offering a listing of BIPOC literary agents, writes Publishers Weekly. The free directory will be maintained by volunteers with Literary Agents of Change. February 28, 2024 Merriam-Webster recently declared that it is just fine to end a sentence with a preposition, sparking a grammatical controversy for the ages, reports NPR. February 28, 2024 Atria Books is launching an imprint called Primero Sueño Press, which will publish books of fiction and nonfiction by Latinx authors in both English and Spanish, reports Publishers Weekly. The imprint will be led by Michelle Herrera Mulligan, who joined Atria in 2018 and has published titles by Reyna Grande, Gabrielle Lyon, Vanessa Marin, Chiquis Rivera, and other authors. February 28, 2024 On the occasion of Mary Dearborn’s new biography, Carson McCullers: A Life, Maggie Doherty looks at the life and writing of the beloved author of The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter. “If seemingly everyone agreed that McCullers was a child, they indulged her because she was a genius,” Doherty writes in the New Yorker. February 28, 2024 For the Atlantic, Vann R. Newkirk II asks teachers about their favorite books, and about what teaching Black history feels like in a time of book bans. February 27, 2024 Literary magazine Creative Nonfiction is partnering with Narratively, an online storytelling platform, according to a blog post by Lee Gutkind, Creative Nonfiction’s editor. The partnership involves a new essay series and other collaborations in the works. February 27, 2024 The New York Times profiles Aaron Lansky, who created the Yiddish Book Center in Amherst, Massachusetts, now home to 1.5 million Yiddish books that may have otherwise been lost. Lansky has announced his retirement as the Center’s president, effective June 2025. February 27, 2024 Small Press Distribution (SPD) is moving ahead with its SPD Next plan, which the nonprofit book distributor touts as a way to cut costs while increasing services for its clientele of four hundred independent publishers, reports Publishers Weekly. SPD has moved 300,000 books to space owned by Ingram Content Group and Publishers Storage and Shipping (PSS). The partnership with Ingram and PSS will also give SPD’s clients access to “print-on-demand, e-book, and audiobook distribution” services. Literary Events Calendar March 5, 2024Kirsten Bakis + Lincoln Michel: King NyxStrand Book Store7:00 PM - 8:00 PMMarch 5, 2024Zibby Owens presents Blank, feat. Jenny MollenP&T Knitwear7:00 PM - 8:00 PMMarch 5, 2024Writer' Room After HoursOnline7:30 PM - 8:30 PM EST Readings & Workshops Alla Abdulla-Matta presents her work at the Ninth Annual Connecting Cultures Reading. The event took place at the Center for Book Arts in New York, New York on May 15, 2018. (Credit: Margarita Corporan)Poet Juan Delgado at the Cholla Needles Monthly Reading. The event took place at Space Cowboy Books in Joshua Tree, California on October 7, 2018. (Credit: Bob DeLoyd)Marty Carrera at the Seventeenth Annual Intergenerational Reading. The event took place at Barnes & Noble Union Square in New York, New York on June 23, 2018. (Credit: Margarita Corporan) Poets & Writers Theater ‘GMA’ Book Club Pick: ‘The Storm We Made,’ by Vanessa Chan “It’s just wonderful to be able to tell my story and tell our family’s story, and it’s very emotional.” In this interview, Vanessa Chan discusses the personal and historical inspiration for her debut novel, The Storm We Made (S&S/... more G&A: The Contest Blog Contests With a March 15 Deadline Posted by Prize Reporter on 3.1.24 What more fitting time than the arrival of spring to imagine growing an audience for your writing? Fortunately there are a number of writing contests with a March 15 deadline to consider. Prizes include $15,000 for a debut novel published... more Audio Each Knuckle With Sugar by Sarah Levine page_one_levine_mixdown.mp3 Most Recent Items Magazine The Anthologist: A Compendium of Uncommon Collections by Staff | News and Trends An introduction to four new anthologies, including The Weird Sister Collection: Writing at the Intersections of Feminism, Literature, and Pop Culture and You Are Here: Poetry in the Natural World. read more Magazine Agents and Editors: Tanya McKinnon by Vivian Lee | Feature The principal agent of McKinnon Literary talks about how publishing can be a form of activism, the different ways agents and authors can use comp titles, and how the future of the book business still holds many wonderful possibilities. read more Magazine The Written Image: The Backyard Bird Chronicles by Staff | News and Trends A testament to best-selling novelist Amy Tan’s obsession with birds, The Backyard Bird Chronicles spotlights hundreds of excerpts of illustrations and prose from Tan’s observations over the years. read more Magazine Naming the Apophatic: The Poetics of Not Knowing by Diego Báez | Craft Capsules 3.4.24 The author of Yaguareté White contemplates how to approach writing in multiple languages. read more Magazine Literary MagNet: Nicole Haroutunian by Dana Isokawa | News and Trends The writer behind Choose This Now, a novel-in-stories, introduces some of the journals that first published her work, including Pigeon Pages and Joyland. read more Magazine Book Sanctuary Movement Grows by Steph Auteri | News and Trends In response to the nationwide book-banning movement, libraries and other literary institutions are adopting the “sanctuary” label to show their commitment to protecting book access for readers. read more Magazine Page One: Where New and Noteworthy Books Begin by Staff | News and Trends The first lines of a dozen noteworthy books, including There’s Always This Year: On Basketball and Ascension by Hanif Abdurraqib and Glitter Road by January Gill O’Neil. read more Magazine Writers Collaborate for Authors Guild by Alissa Greenberg | News and Trends At a time when the writing world faces serious challenges, the coauthored novel Fourteen Days brings together thirty-six noted writers to raise money for the Authors Guild and its battle against book bans and copyright infringement. read more Magazine Q&A: Francisco Aragón of Letras Latinas by Emily Pérez | News and Trends The founder and director of Letras Latinas, the literary arm of the Institute for Latino Studies at the University of Notre Dame, reflects on twenty years of groundbreaking work and what’s next for the organization. read more Classifieds Writing contests, conferences, workshops, editing services, and more. View Classifieds Buy Classifieds Jobs for Writers Search for jobs in education, publishing, the arts, and more. View Jobs Post a Job Subscribe Gift Subscription Advertise Donate Newsletter Help About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy © Copyright Poets & Writers 2024. All Rights Reserved. X