Home page | libcom.org Skip to main content libcom.org Menu Main navigation Recent Donate Collections Introductions Organise About User account menu Log in / Register libcom.org is a resource for everyone fighting to improve their lives, communities and working conditions. Latest Reflections on Revolutionary Defeatism—"Lefty" Hooligan Three 2024 columns from Lefty Hooligan reflecting on his views on Revolutionary Defeatism. He… Memories of Aaron Bushnell As Recounted by His Friends On February 25, Aaron Bushnell set himself on fire at the gate of the Israeli embassy in Washington,… Vodenicharov, Vladimir (1903-1961) A short biography of Bulgarian anarchist communist Vladimir Vodenicharov. Our grief can go to anyone. Our solidarity must go to the oppressed: Anarchists, Palestine and October 7th An anarchist critique of die Plattform's statement on the October 7th attacks and… Despair and anger in a concentration camp. Assembly's interview on the second anniversary of big war in Ukraine On the title picture from pre-war times: “We love Kharkiv – we hate capitalism!” … Arsenal: Surrealist Subversion Online archive of this English-Language Journal of the International Surrealist Movement. Arsenal/Surrealist Subversion was a surrealist magazine… The founding of the Yangon Anarchist Association The "Yangon Anarchist Association," a self-described pro-IWA anarchist organization, has been founded with its temporary members. Featured Tags Egyptian revolution 2011 accounts libcom.org is run entirely by volunteers and provides our archive completely free of charge. We are always looking for people to help out with archiving and editing content, or you can donate to our hosting costs. Organise Key ideas for community organising Introductions Work: an introduction Classic Texts Mutual aid: a factor of evolution - Peter Kropotkin Russian anarchist Peter Kropotkin's massively influential work on mutual aid and co-operation as a factor in evolution, written in 1902. The political economy of hunger Why is there hunger? It’s nothing to do with a lack of food. Contemporary agriculture: climate, capital, and cyborg ecology Climate change will put pressure on world food production. We must disentangle the potential… Facing reality - CLR James and Grace Lee Boggs Writing in collaboration with Cornelius Castoriadis and Grace Lee, James examines the practical process of social revolution in the modern world. The political philosophy of Bakunin: scientific anarchism - G.P. Maximoff Part of the series of biographies of Mikhail Bakunin. From the scattered writings of Bakunin, G.P… No gods, no masters: An anthology of anarchism - Daniel Guerin Guerin's classic anthology of anarchism translated and reprinted, available for the first time in a… Archives Come Out! Here and Now magazine Recent Discussions Philistines like to fawn over their bourgeoisie. - 14 comments Despair and anger in a concentration camp. Assembly's interview on the second anniversary of big war in Ukraine - 6 comments The First Signs of a Revolutionary Culture in Israel - Jacques Ovadia - 2 comments Gangs threaten Haiti takeover after mass jailbreak - 1 comments more On this day Tags May Day workplace activity biographies work life Authors Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) Situationist International Kuwasi Balagoon Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin Footer menu Donate Help out Other languages Site notes