Just Jared: Celebrity News and Gossip | Entertainment Search Top Stories 9 Most Shocking TV Show Exits of 2024, Including 1 Star Who's Being Replaced! Dakota Johnson Reveals How She Gets Along with Chris Martin & Gwyneth Paltrow's Kids Kirsten Dunst Reveals Refreshingly Honest Reason She'd Do a Superhero Movie & Her Answer Is Getting Attention! Teresa Giudice Addresses Divorce Rumors After She Vacations Without Husband Louie Ruelas Tue, 05 March 2024 Dakota Johnson Reveals How She Gets Along with Chris Martin & Gwyneth Paltrow's Kids, Reacts to 'Madame Web' Being 'Ripped to Shreds' & More Dakota Johnson‘s latest interview has a lot of fun tidbits, including some quotes about the negative reviews surrounding Madame Web. Dakota even acknowledged that she understood why the film was “ripped to shreds.” In addition, she spoke about Chris Martin, her boyfriend, as well as her relationship with his 2 children he shares with ex wife Gwyneth Paltrow. All this and more can be found in her Bustle interview, and we’ve broken it down into her 6 biggest highlights. Keep reading for the 6 biggest takeaways from her new interview… Next Slide » Posted to Apple Martin, Chris Martin, Dakota Johnson, EG, Extended, Gwyneth Paltrow, Moses Martin, Slideshow Photos: Getty, Sony 0 Tue, 05 March 2024 The Richest New Kids on the Block Members, Ranked From Lowest to Highest Net Worth The New Kids on the Block are back! The pop icons just announced a brand new album, Still Kids, due out on May 17, their first full-length studio album from the New Kids in 11 years. The album features 14 new tracks including the lead single, “Kids,” and features “pop anthems, dance tracks, love songs, and grooves that will become fast favorites for the Blockheads,” per the official release. The band, also known as NKOTB, first formed in 1984 and pumped out massive hits from the late ’80s to early ’90s, selling more than 80 million records worldwide, and even performing at the Super Bowl halftime show in 1991. While the group initially disbanded in 1994, they reunited for a record in 2007 and tour the following year, and they also toured with the Backstreet Boys from 2010 to 2012. In celebration of their exciting news, we’re taking a look at each member’s solo success over the years. Click through to find out who are the richest members of NKOTB, ranked… Next Slide » Posted to Danny Wood, Donnie Wahlberg, EG, evergreen, Extended, Joey McIntyre, Jonathan Knight, Jordan Knight, Net Worth, New Kids on the Block, Slideshow Photos: Getty 0 Tue, 05 March 2024 Kate Middleton's Return to Duties Might Have Just Been Revealed! Catherine, Princess of Wales (aka Kate Middleton) has only been seen once since she underwent an abdominal surgery in January 2024. At the time of her surgery, the Palace said she would be unlikely to take part in any royal duties until at least Easter, which is on March 31 this year. Now, we have a slight update on her royal calendar and it seems like she has an event in the books. Keep reading to find out more…More Here! » Posted to Kate Middleton Photos: Getty 0 From Our Friends Photo:GettyMeg Donnelly Gushes About Boyfriend Drake RodgerMeg Donnelly is sharing some rare comments about her relationship with Drake Rodger. The two met on The CW's The Winchesters, and their on-screen chemistry turned into off screen chemistry. While they keep their relationship pretty low-key, she opened up in a new interview. Check out what she said...Read more here » Tue, 05 March 2024 'Password' Season 2 - 15 Celebrity Guests Joining! Password is back! The beloved game show returns on Tuesday (March 12) at 10 p.m. on NBC, and next day on Peacock. The second season of Password promises keep the classic format that we all know and love, in which celebrities guess the password based on one-word clues, while adding “some new gameplay elements.” The series became the original celebrity word game when it launched in 1961 and has featured hundreds of celebrity guests over six decades. NBC revived the show in 1979 and 1984 prior to becoming a hit game on both Late Night with Jimmy Fallon and The Tonight Show. Click through to see who is returning and joining Password for Season 2… Next Slide » Posted to Brie Garcia, Chance the Rapper, EG, evergreen, Extended, Howie Mandel, Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel, Joe Manganiello, Joel McHale, Johnny Knoxville, Keke Palmer, Lauren Graham, Laverne Cox, Lindsey Vonn, Liza Koshy, Meghan Trainor, NBC, Nikki Garcia, password, Roy Wood Jr, Slideshow, Television, Wiz Khalifa Photos: NBC 0 Tue, 05 March 2024 Most Shocking TV Show Exits of 2024, Including 1 Star Who's Being Replaced! There have been some really upsetting and shocking TV series exits of 2024, so far. We’ve learned of several pivotal characters departing TV shows from networks including HBO, CBS, NBC, ABC, and more. Keep reading to see just some of the biggest and most shocking TV show departures of the year… Next Slide » Posted to EG, Extended, Slideshow, Television Credit: Bravo, ABC, CBS, NBC, PBS, HBO; Photos: Getty, Will Hart/NBC 0 Tue, 05 March 2024 10 Most Controversial Oscars Dresses & Outfits of All Time, Ranked Viewers don’t just talk about the actual Oscars winners every year after each ceremony. Often times, it’s all about the outfits. Tune into any red carpet special dedicated to the outfits worn by stars attending the event each year, and you’ll find that – whether it’s good or bad – any dress and/or outfit worth talking about will be brought up more than once. However, there are dresses and outfits that especially stick out from the rest. In fact, some of these dresses are still being talked about today. Many of the most talked about Oscars dresses are for reasons that may be controversial. Although some of the dresses may have not been everyone’s cup of tea, there’s a reason that people remember these one-of-a-kind pieces. Click through to see the Top 10 most controversial and talked about outfits from the Oscars over the years… Next Slide » Posted to EG, evergreen, Extended, Oscars, Slideshow Photos: Getty 0 Tue, 05 March 2024 Kirsten Dunst Reveals Refreshingly Honest Reason She'd Do a Superhero Movie, Her Real Thoughts About Potentially Winning an Oscar, & More Kirsten Dunst is opening up in her new interview! The 41-year-old actress has a new movie coming out in April – Civil War – and spoke about a variety of topics including working on the film with her husband, Jesse Plemons, and more with Marie Claire. Other topics covered include her upsetting nickname on the Spider-Man set, the refreshingly honest reason why she’d say yes to starring in a superhero movie, what she thinks happens when you win an Oscar, and more. Keep reading for the 6 biggest takeaways from the interview… Next Slide » Posted to EG, Extended, Kirsten Dunst, Slideshow Photos: Getty 0 12345Next » Featured Articles Oscars Trivia: Only 9 Sequels Have Ever Been Nominated for Best Picture, 2 Have Won! Joey's 'The Bachelor' Hometown Elimination: 1 Woman Sent Home, Top 3 Revealed HBO Reveals 'House of the Dragon' Season 2 Premiere Date; Cast Revealed with Three Popular Actors Not Returning Read more Featured Articles » Meg Donnelly Shares Rare Comments About Relationship with Boyfriend Drake Rodger Ariana Greenblatt Debuts Colorful New Hair, Stars in Dreamy Coachtopia Campaign Selena Gomez Talks 'Wizards of Waverly Place' Revival, Says It's 'Not a Reboot' Read more on Just Jared Jr! » JJ: Page 2 Kate Winslet Weighs in on Ozempic:... Oscars Trivia: Only 9 Sequels Have... Kumail Nanjiani Joins 'Only Murders in... Brian Austin Green Reflects on Dating... 'Ted Lasso' Star Brendan Hunt &... Here's Why 'Elsbeth' Episode 2 Won't... 'Twilight' Stars Kellan Lutz, Ashley... JJ: Page 3 Katie Holmes, Alan Cumming, Rose... Paul Dano Thinks Superhero Fatigue Can... Fox Renews 'Crime Scene Kitchen' for... Selena Gomez Teases What Her New Album... Luann de Lesseps Spotted on Date with... Sofia Boutella Defends 'Rebel Moon'... Broadway-Bound 'The Wiz' Revival... Just Jared Jr. Meg Donnelly Shares Rare Comments... Ariana Greenblatt Debuts Colorful New... Selena Gomez Talks 'Wizards of Waverly... Ronnie Anne's Birthday Plans Derailed... 'Danger Force' Ending After 3 Seasons... Meg Donnelly Drops First New Song In 4... Kylie Cantrall Debuts New Song... © 2005-2024 Just Jared, Inc. || Main About Us Ads FAQ Contact Accessibility Terms Privacy Policy Return to Mobile