Work Life by Atlassian - Unleashing the potential of all teams with tips, tools, and practices Skip to main content Atlassian Work Life Products & news Team Playbook Community More from Atlassian Topics Distributed Work Office attendance doesn’t drive team connection. So what does? Lessons learned: 1,000 days of distributed at Atlassian New research: How to make time for the work that matters Here’s what remote workers need to be productive More in Distributed Work Teamwork The importance of teamwork (as proven by science) 4 communication styles and how to navigate them in the workplace 9 retrospective techniques that won’t bore your team to tears How to get unstuck: tips for moving past analysis paralysis More in Teamwork Leadership How to honor what makes you unique with your career Use transformational leadership to improve and inspire your team How to embrace the human side of leadership Compassionate leadership: the best of both worlds More in Leadership Communication 4 communication styles and how to navigate them in the workplace 5 ways to foster inclusive communication in the workplace 10 lessons to unlearn for better communication at work Toxic positivity at work: how to spot it and squash it More in Communication Productivity 7 sneaky ways friction is making your work life harder How to build critical thinking skills for better decision-making How to get unstuck: tips for moving past analysis paralysis Set successful new year’s goals in trello More in Productivity Strategy Translating principles to practice: Our No-BS Guide to Responsible Tech Reviews 3 ways to center equity in the workplace How understanding the concept of value exchange can strengthen your workplace relationships Organize the chaos: 5 steps to effective change management More in Strategy Collections Communication in the Workplace Crossed wires and missed connections – good communication among teams is tablestakes for effective teamwork. Get best practices and sound advice on how to create understanding and work together better. Remote Control Keep on top of your work from home life with these tips and ideas from our team to yours. Earnings Reports “Open company, no bullshit” isn’t just one of our values. It’s a way of life at Atlassian. Here’s what we’re sharing with our investors and stakeholders each quarter. Wellbeing at Work Laying the groundwork for better employee health and happiness. Company Culture Embrace transparency, foster a sense of belonging, form connections – and have fun along the way. Ways of Working How you work is just as important as the work you’re doing. Your Personality at Work Navigating and celebrating the complexities of our individuality. The Flywheel Growth Model There are loads of ways to grow a company – learn about our approach here. Resources View All Resources Podcasts Should your team set aside time for virtual hangs? Does your team need a regular No Meeting Day? Do emojis belong in the workplace? Is it time to ditch the remote daily stand up? More episodes Guides and Research Lessons Learned: 1,000 Days of Distributed at Atlassian The State of Teams 2022 Atlassian’s approach to remote onboarding The Unusual Suspects More in guides and research Quizzes QUIZ Have you mastered the fine art of speaking up at work? QUIZ Does your team have a toxic workplace culture? QUIZ What’s your virtual meeting IQ? QUIZ What kind of feedback do you give? More in quizzes About About Work Life Work Life is Atlassian’s flagship publication dedicated to unleashing the potential of every team through real-life advice, inspiring stories, and thoughtful perspectives from leaders around the world. Learn more about Work Life Contributors Kelli María Korducki Contributing Writer Dominic Price Work Futurist Dr. Mahreen Khan Senior Quantitative Researcher, People Insights Kat Boogaard Contributing Writer Sarah Goff-Dupont Principal Writer Searchform Subscribe Search Primary Menu Search in https://www.atlassian.com/blog/ Search TopicsDistributed WorkTeamworkLeadershipCommunicationProductivityStrategy Subscribe Culture, tech, teams, and tips, delivered twice a month Subscribe CollectionsCommunication in the WorkplaceRemote ControlEarnings ReportsWellbeing at WorkCompany CultureWays of WorkingYour Personality at WorkThe Flywheel Growth Model Subscribe Culture, tech, teams, and tips, delivered twice a month Subscribe ResourcesPodcastsGuides and ResearchQuizzes Subscribe Culture, tech, teams, and tips, delivered twice a month Subscribe Search Search in https://www.atlassian.com/blog/ Search Subscribe Culture, tech, teams, and tips, delivered twice a month Subscribe How to avoid groupthink on your team Team cohesiveness is a good thing – until it sabotages creativity. Here’s how to ensure a desire for consensus doesn’t come at the price of critical thinking. By Kat Boogaard In Teamwork Play Pause Read More Productivity Alpha brain waves are associated with a flow state of mind. Here’s how to ride yours Teamwork 5 signs of a toxic work culture (and what to do if you’re stuck in one) Teamwork 6 inspiring examples of teamwork through the ages Teamwork New data on flexible work holds good news for great teams Latest Stories 7 sneaky ways friction is making your work life harder Huggy Rao, co-author of The Friction Project, on the practices and processes that may be holding you back. By Genevieve Michaels In Productivity Office attendance doesn’t drive team connection. So what does? Most teams no longer sit shoulder-to-shoulder, even if individual members go into their closest office every day. When teams are... By Dr. Molly Sands In Distributed Work Translating principles to practice: Our No-BS Guide to Responsible Tech Reviews Download the Guide to learn more about our evolving approach to governance and the lessons we’ve learned so far. By Anna Jaffe, Aaron Kleiner In Strategy How to honor what makes you unique with your career From concert posters to Big Tech, our Executive Creative Director Josh Higgins shares his uncommon path to creative leadership. By Natalie Mendes In Leadership Subscribe to Work Life Get articles like these delivered to your inbox every two weeks. Let’s do it! 3 ways to center equity in the workplace Here's how to minimize the biases that often show up across the employee lifecycle. By Michelle Blanchard, Aya Yagi In Strategy Featured Collections Company Culture Embrace transparency, foster a sense of belonging, form connections – and have fun along the way. See all stories in this collection 12 examples of company culture done right What does a culture of innovation really look like? The 4 types of company culture, explained 5 signs of a toxic work culture (and what to do if you’re stuck in one) Collection Remote Work Work-from-home tips and ideas, from our team to yours. View Collection Collection Communication in the Workplace Good communication among teams is tablestakes for effective teamwork. View Collection Collection The Flywheel Growth Model There are loads of ways to grow a company – learn about our approach here. View Collection Read More The importance of teamwork (as proven by science) Healthy teams enjoy benefits that go far beyond the company's bottom line. By Tracy Middleton In Teamwork How to build critical thinking skills for better decision-making It's simple in theory, but tougher in practice - here are five tips to get you started. By Kat Boogaard In Productivity “Teamwork makes the dream work”: an origin story Ever heard this quote? Yeah, us too. But don’t roll your eyes just yet – the book it’s from captures the proven power of collaboration inside and outside of work. In Teamwork Distributed Work Lessons learned: 1,000 days of distributed at Atlassian Teamwork 4 communication styles and how to navigate them in the workplace Leadership Use transformational leadership to improve and inspire your team Teamwork 9 retrospective techniques that won’t bore your team to tears Productivity How to get unstuck: tips for moving past analysis paralysis Productivity Set successful new year’s goals in trello Productivity How to write SMART goals Leadership How to embrace the human side of leadership Distributed Work New research: How to make time for the work that matters Load more Join over 80,000 working professionals By Atlassian Culture, tech, teams, and tips, delivered twice a month Sign me up! Atlassian.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Notice at Collection Copyright © 2023 Atlassian Subscribe to Work Life Advice, stories, and expertise about work life today. Email*