Corporate Finance Institute Corporate Finance Institute Menu All Courses Certification ProgramsIndustry designations for developing comprehensive, domain-specific skills. Explore Certifications FMVA®Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst CBCA®Commercial Banking & Credit Analyst CMSA®Capital Markets & Securities Analyst BIDA®Business Intelligence & Data Analyst FPWM™Financial Planning & Wealth Management FTIP™FinTech Industry Professional SpecializationsExpert-curated programs in targeted skill areas. Explore Specializations Environmental, Social, & Governance(ESG) Leadership Effectiveness Data Analysis in Excel Business Intelligence Data Science Macabacus Real Estate Finance Crypto and Digital Assets BE Bundle Learning PathsTailored courses for specific roles. Exclusively for CFI for Teams customers. Investment Banking Advisory DCM ECM Commercial Banking Credit Analyst Real Estate Lender Relationship Manager Global Markets – Sales and Trading Equity Sales-Trader Fixed Income Credit Sales FX Trader Equity Researcher Buy-Side Institutions Derivatives Risk Manager Equity Execution Trader Fixed Income Researcher Hedge Fund FP&A Business Intelligence Data Science Wealth Management Financial Planner Investment Advisor Explore Learning Paths Popular TopicsExplore courses and resources in high-demand areas. Explore Topics Cryptocurrency Excel Accounting Commercial Real Estate ESG Wealth Management Foreign Exchange Management Skills Machine Learning Financial Modeling FP&A Business Intelligence Explore Courses CFI For Teams Overview Overview Pricing Why CFI Certifications? Get Started CFI Help How CFI Can Help New Hire Training Hybrid Team Training Upskilling and Reskilling Retaining Talent Corporate Solutions Finance Teams Financial Services Professional Services Pricing For Individuals For Teams Resources Financial Ratios Definitive Guide A free best practices guide for essential ratios in comprehensive financial analysis and business decision-making. Download Now Browse All Resources eLearning Career Team Development Management Excel Accounting Valuation Economics ESG Capital Markets Data Science Risk Management My Account My Courses My Profile Sign Out My Dashboard Log In Start Free Training Library Certifications Financial Modeling & Valuation (FMVA®) Certified Banking & Credit Analyst (CBCA®) Capital Markets & Securities Analyst (CMSA®) Business Intelligence & Data Analyst (BIDA®) Financial Planning & Wealth Management (FPWM™) FinTech Industry Professional (FTIP™) Specializations Commercial Real Estate Finance Specialization Environmental, Social & Governance Specialization Data Analysis in Excel Specialization Cryptocurrencies and Digital Assets Specialization Business Intelligence Analyst Specialization Leadership Effectiveness Certificate Program Data Science Analyst Macabacus Specialist Business Essentials Bundle (BEB) CFI For Teams Overview How CFI Can Help New Hire Training Hybrid Team Training Upskilling and Reskilling Retaining Talent Corporate Solutions Finance Teams Financial Services Pricing Pricing Resources My Account My Courses My Profile Sign Out Log In Start Free #1 in Practical Finance Learning Empowering Finance Leaders of Tomorrow Comprehensive skills for individuals and teams, from fundamentals to advanced mastery. Get Started Explore Courses Trusted by 2 Million+ Professionals and Leading Organizations Equip Yourself and Your Teams for Peak Performance Master In-Demand Skills Hands-on learning that simulate the complexities of modern finance roles. Learn Anywhere, Anytime Learning that adapts to your schedule. For busy professionals & hybrid teams. Upskill Teams at Scale Fast-track new hire readiness, bridge skill gaps, and maximize training ROI. #1 Rated for Online Finance Courses “Interactive and immersive training” “Very practical and easy to understand” “Prepares you with skills needed to actually perform financial analysis” “Covers all the topics from basics to advanced” “Updated as per the current industry standards” “CFI training is included as a required part of our employee onboarding process” “The production quality is brilliant.” “Closes the gap between theoretical knowledge and practical skills” Comprehensive Banking & Finance Skills for All Levels From finance fundamentals to advanced deep-dives across hundreds of topics. Each course offers video lessons, practical templates, interactive exercises, skill validation, and a certificate of completion. Accounting, Modeling & Valuation Business Intelligence & Data Science Commercial Banking & Credit Capital Markets & Asset Classes Environmental Social & Governance Financial Planning & Wealth Management Leadership & Management Skills Risk Management Accounting, Modeling & Valuation Business Intelligence & Data Science Commercial Banking & Credit Capital Markets & Asset Classes Environmental Social & Governance Financial Planning & Wealth Management Leadership & Management Skills Risk Management Accounting Excel Financial Modeling Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) Macabacus Valuation Select the Topic Accounting Excel Financial Modeling Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) Macabacus Valuation Accounting Fundamentals 5hours 4.8 Led by Scott Powell Reading Financial Statements 1.5hours 4.8 Led by Lisa Dorian Excel Fundamentals - Formulas for Finance 3.5hours 4.9 Led by Duncan McKeen Corporate Finance Fundamentals 2.5hours 4.8 Led by Tim Vipond Math for Finance Professionals 3hours 5.0 Led by Ryan Spendelow Analyzing Growth Drivers & Business Risks 2hours 4.8 Led by Kyle Peterdy The Role of The FP&A Professional 1.5hours 4.8 Led by Carl Seidman Capital IQ Fundamentals 2hours 5.0 Led by Tim Vipond Financial Analysis Fundamentals 5hours 4.9 Led by Scott Powell Introduction to 3-Statement Modeling 6hours 5.0 Led by Jeff Schmidt Introduction to Business Valuation 6hours 4.8 Led by Jeff Schmidt Accounting Principles and Standards 2hours 4.9 Led by Darren Tong Browse All Courses Real-world Expertise from Industry Practitioners The depth and quality of our applied training is rooted in the extensive industry experience of our instructors. And their passion for professional training ensures you’ll grasp and retain every lesson. Scott Powell Chief Content Officer × Scott is the Co-Founder and Chief Content Officer of CFI. Over the past 30 years, he has focused on designing and delivering learning solutions for clients in the financial services sector, particularly in the areas of commercial banking, investment banking, capital markets, and asset management. Helen Wale VP, Leadership Skills × Helen is an experienced Human Resources and Organizational Development professional holding a Certified Executive Coach designation. She is passionate about learning, supporting individuals to maximize their personal and professional skills through teaching, facilitating and individual coaching. Kyle Peterdy VP, Commercial Credit & Banking × Kyle’s background is in commercial banking, where he was responsible for originating and underwriting middle market credit transactions, as well as managing those client relationships. Meeyeon Park VP, Financial Planning & Wealth Management × Meeyeon brings over 10 years of experience in investment banking, portfolio management, and corporate finance, as well as being an advisor for impact-focused venture capital. Passionate about mentoring, she now applies her extensive industry expertise to drive CFI's Financial Planning and Wealth Management curriculum. Sebastian Taylor VP, Business Intelligence & Data Analysis × Seb started his career in risk management, managing the implementation and operations of quantitative energy hedging strategies. Having since worked in several different industries, from finance to retail and service, Seb’s business intelligence skills were developed within the realities of real-world business requirements. Duncan McKeen EVP, Financial Modeling × Duncan is fascinated with pedagogy and loves course creation and design. He is an effective communicator with extensive experience teaching financial modeling, accounting, analysis, and valuation. Prior to teaching, Duncan held senior equity research positions with top banks and brokerages. Andrew Loo VP, Capital Markets × Prior to joining CFI in 2019, Andrew retired in 2017 as Managing Director at Nomura Securities in Hong Kong, where he managed the fixed income sales efforts to Central Banks and Sovereign Wealth Funds in the region. Prior to joining Nomura in 2011, he was the Head of Sales for Fixed Income, Commodity and Currencies for UBS AG in Hong Kong. Joseph Yeates Director, Business Intelligence & Data Analyst × Joseph is passionate about driving better decision-making by creating, curating, and communicating insights from data. A data enthusiast with a background in Retail Banking, he is an advocate for making advanced analytics more accessible to a wider audience by integrating them into business intelligence solutions. Gabriel Lip VP, Commercial Credit & Banking × Gabe obtained his CPA, CMA, from the CPA Alberta. He received both a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Biochemistry from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Tim Vipond Chair of the Board × Tim is the Chair of the Board of CFI Education. He has extensive experience as an internet entrepreneur, in financial analysis and investment banking. Beginning in 2005 Tim Vipond was an active participant in the capital markets with a wide range of experience spanning investment banking, investment management, and corporate development. Jeff Schmidt VP, Financial Modeling × Prior to joining CFI, for over a decade Jeff Schmidt taught financial modeling and valuation to thousands of students all over the world. Clients included some of the world’s largest corporations and financial institutions, as well as many of the most prestigious universities in the world. Ryan Spendelow VP, Content × Ryan started his finance career based in London working in asset management. He then moved to a corporate finance and capital markets training role, with these roles being based in Europe and then Asia, before joining CFI in 2023. Gain Recognition Through CFI Certifications CFI certificate programs offer a clear pathway to develop job-relevant skills and establish professional credibility. Certifications Specializations FMVA BIDA CBCA CMSA FPWM FTIP ESG Leadership Excel Business Intelligence Data Science Digital Assets Real Estate Business Essentials Macabacus FMVA BIDA CBCA CMSA FPWM FTIP ESG Leadership Excel Business Intelligence Data Science Digital Assets Real Estate Business Essentials Macabacus “The skills are actual real-world skills (unlike most financial qualifications) that have already helped me land a new role.” Mark Wheeler Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst (FMVA)® Learn advanced financial modeling, earn industry-standard credentials, and stand out as a top valuation expert 4.9 (41,386 ratings) Explore Program “Helped me master business intelligence & data analytics without any technical background. Their course structure is easily laid out, and anyone from any educational background will understand.” Bridget Bosha Financial Controller Business Intelligence & Data Analyst (BIDA)® Lead the data revolution: Build in-depth expertise with hands-on BI & data analysis courses & labs 4.9 (8,154 ratings) Explore Program “Helped me understand better some of the most important concepts in assessing a borrower. learned a lot about credit administration and documents necessary to complete the loan process.” Kagiso Tumelo Commercial Banking& Credit Analyst (CBCA)® Advance your career with the essential knowledge and skills you'll gain from a commercial lending and banking certification 4.9 (23,668 ratings) Explore Program “CMSA certification explains the details pertaining to financial instruments, capital markets and portfolio management from the minutest level to full detail elaboration.” Syed Jalali Capital Markets &Securities Analyst (CMSA)® Master Capital Markets knowledge and skills and stand out as a certified professional 4.9 (13,516 ratings) Explore Program “This program will show you how top financial planners and wealth advisors make informed decisions. Through a sequence of courses, you will learn the skills, knowledge, and tools to become a successful finance professional.” Hugo Moreira Financial Planning & Wealth Management (FPWM)™ Get certified online, master technical and soft skills, and stand out to clients–no prior experience necessary 4.8 (25,013 ratings) Explore Program “Excellent overall. The material covered was comprehensive and relevant to the current landscape of the FinTech Industry.” Nadja Pyvovar FinTech Industry Professional (FTIP)™ Master the emerging technologies driving the future of finance. Earn a FinTech certification, unlock new career opportunities, and increase your earning potential. 4.8 (16,003 ratings) Explore Program “CFI's ESG programme is a very useful tool towards mitigating contemporary challenges facing the business world.” Johnny Marudu Environment & Community Relations Manager Environmental, Social, & Governance (ESG) Become an Environmental, Social, & Governance specialist with valuable skills in investing, financial and corporate strategy, and more, and earn an in-demand ESG certificate upon completion. 4.9 (6,278 ratings) Explore Program “I appreciate the practical steps, the role play examples, and the downloadable tools that provide the structure to put the learning into practice.” Jenna Richardson Leadership Effectiveness Get actionable frameworks that put people and performance first. This program builds crucial leadership skills for aspiring and senior leaders in finance. 5.0 (52 ratings) Explore Program “I can't describe how amazing this course is! I'll recommend it to anyone who wants to learn Excel so they can analyze data efficiently.” Abdulrahman Alhemidda Data Analysis in Excel Certificate Be the Excel wizard everyone admires! Learn to manipulate and connect data, create and visualize insights from raw data, and leverage the latest Excel tools and add-ins to enhance your productivity. 4.9 (701 ratings) Explore Program “I love how organized this course is. The content is informative and easy to understand. I now have in-depth knowledge of BI after this course.” Quynh Tran Business Intelligence Analyst Develop real-world analytics skills including creating and dashboarding insights for stakeholders, manipulating and connecting related data to supercharge your work, and using industry standard tools like Power BI, Tableau, and SQL. 4.9 (2,371 ratings) Explore Program “Provided in-depth knowledge on data science with clear explanations which is likely not found in any other course online.” Phinehas Berko Data Science Analyst Gain practical experience with complex datasets and predictive machine learning models. Earn your Data Science certificate upon completion. 4.9 (1,114 ratings) Explore Program “Helped me understand step-by-step how the process works and how to calculate dollars into cryptocurrency, understanding the transaction processes, the terminology, and the pros and cons in real time.” Angela Licata Cryptocurrencies and Digital Assets Specialist Prepare for the future of finance, lead about cryptocurrencies and blockchain through a practical lens, understand how to critically analyze digital assets, and equip yourself with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in the fast-paced world of decentralized finance. 4.9 (132 ratings) Explore Program “My understanding of real estate financial modelling has been improved a lot. Easy to follow and includes great templates as well.” Sigit Syahranie Commercial Real Estate Finance Specialist Enhance your skill set with a specialization in Commercial Real Estate Finance, covering everything from appraisals to financial models to mortgages, and earn a CREF Certificate upon completion. 4.9 (215 ratings) Explore Program “The course materials including videos and transcripts were structured in a way that made them easy to comprehend. And the course lecturer was fantastic!!! I give an A+.” Mohammed Sherif Business Essentials Round out your skill set with CFI'S Business Essentials Bundle, covering everything from Excel, PowerPoint, and PitchBook to data visualization to corporate strategy, and earn a BE Certificate upon completion. 4.9 (13,107 ratings) Explore Program “The course is really well-thought-out. The summary shortcuts are also helpful to keep on hand.” Stephen Moerane Macabacus Specialist Supercharge your Microsoft Office experience with Macabacus, a powerful add-on. Learn advanced tools and automation techniques to effortlessly create error-free and more professional financial models and presentations. 4.8 (21 ratings) Explore Program Beyond Training: Equipping Professionals for Everyday Success Global Finance Community Join a network of experts to support your learning journey, access exclusive resources, and professional development opportunities. Read More Practical Application Tools Unlock hundreds of ready-to-use templates, cheat sheets, guides, and discounts on must-have finance tools to boost your skills and productivity. Career Guidance and Resources Get personalized advice, resume reviews, cover letter support and access to a vast library of resources. Our experts are committed to your career success, ensuring you grow and thrive professionally. CFI Customer Stories Over 2 million professionals and thousands of firms globally trust CFI to enhance their skills and outcomes. Provides a through coverage of all products in the Capital Markets universe with the ability to dig down further in need. Ian Mackinnon Director, GFI Group The epitome of practical financial analysis and with it, you do not need years of practice to know the content. Matthew Clark Chief Research Analyst, Money & Markets Self-learning online format worked well and allowed learning at my own pace. I wish I had taken this course years ago. Thoroughly recommended for anyone. Dom Robinson How MSH used CFI to Fuel 40% YoY growth Learn More How CFI’s training boosted financial modeling skills and organizational impact at YoungMinds UK Learn More I wish I had taken this training 10 years ago. After taking these courses, I feel more confident in analysing financial statements. I also feel like my models are more auditable and easier to follow. Alyse Villarreal Fiscal Officer Axos Bank’s internship program revamp: Boosting skills and motivation With CFI Learn More I am recommending corporate finance institute for everyone who are financial professionals. Ali Abdela A ICT Directorate Director The course content is very practical and closely resonates with the real-world work we do. Ali I Business & Treasury analyst CFI has the best delivery mode of difficult topics in Finance. Victor M Laboratory Technician SilverChef and CFI: A story of profitability SilverChef Sarh International uses CFI to give learners the experience they want and employers the skills they need. Learn More CFI has a large catalogue of courses that are well organized and thorough. Makes it easy for me to dive into multiple topics, instead of trying to piece together learning materials. Jennifer Foster Investment Banking Associate, Chatham Financial Provides the BEST educational experience. Even though I don't come from or work directly in Finance, I feel the overall learning through CFI turned out to be a great asset for me. Geetansh Kakkar Revenue Operations Manager, Athennian Helped me grow in my career and added immense value to my CV. I have a much better understanding of the fundamentals and practical knowledge. Rahul Dhawan Associate Director, FIS For Individuals Ready to Take the Next Step in Your Career? Get Started For Teams Ready to Unleash Your Team's Full Potential? Get Started CFI logo Company About CFI Meet Our Team Careers at CFI Editorial Standards CPE Credits Learner Reviews Partnerships Affiliates Certifications FMVA® CBCA® CMSA® BIDA® FPWM™ ESG Leadership Excel CFI For Teams Financial Services Corporate Finance Professional Services Support Help | FAQ Financial Aid Legal Community Member Community What’s New NetLearnings Podcast Resources Logo Trustpilot Logo Logo Logo Trustpilot Logo © 2015 to 2024 CFI Education Inc. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Service Legal Corporate Finance Institute Back to Website 0 search results for ‘’ People also search for: excel Free free courses accounting ESG Balance sheet wacc Explore Our Certifications Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst (FMVA)® Commercial Banking & Credit Analyst (CBCA)® Capital Markets & Securities Analyst (CMSA)® Certified Business Intelligence & Data Analyst (BIDA)® Financial Planning & Wealth Management (FPWM)™ FinTech Industry Professional (FTIP)™ Resources Excel Shortcuts PC Mac List of Excel Shortcuts Excel shortcuts[citation... Financial Modeling Guidelines CFI’s free Financial Modeling Guidelines is a thorough and complete resource covering model design, model building blocks, and common tips, tricks, and... SQL Data Types What are SQL Data Types? The Structured Query Language (SQL) comprises several different data types that allow it to store different types of information... Structured Query Language (SQL) What is Structured Query Language (SQL)? Structured Query Language (known as SQL) is a programming language used to interact with a database.... See All Resources See All Popular Courses Free! BIDA® Prep Course 3.5h Excel Fundamentals - Formulas for Finance FMVA® Required 6.5h 3-Statement Modeling Free! FMVA® Required 6h Introduction to Business Valuation FMVA® Required 2.5h Scenario & Sensitivity Analysis in Excel BIDA® Required 6h Dashboards & Data Visualization FMVA® Electives 15h Leveraged Buyout (LBO) Modeling See All Courses See All Recent Searches Suggestions Free Courses Excel Courses Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst (FMVA)® × Create a free account to unlock this Template Access and download collection of free Templates to help power your productivity and performance. Create a Free Account Already have an account? Log in × Supercharge your skills with Premium Templates Take your learning and productivity to the next level with our Premium Templates. Upgrading to a paid membership gives you access to our extensive collection of plug-and-play Templates designed to power your performance—as well as CFI's full course catalog and accredited Certification Programs. Discover Paid Memberships Already have a Self-Study or Full-Immersion membership? Log in × Access Exclusive Templates Gain unlimited access to more than 250 productivity Templates, CFI's full course catalog and accredited Certification Programs, hundreds of resources, expert reviews and support, the chance to work with real-world finance and research tools, and more. Discover Full-Immersion Membership Already have a Full-Immersion membership? Log in