Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Skip to content I want to Schedule an Appointment Get a Second Opinion Get Driving Directions MyCHOP Patient Portal Refer a Patient to CHOP Make a Donation Pay a Bill Request Medical Records Find Clinical Trials Volunteer Sign up for Newsletters Get an Estimate for Services Understand Hospital Charges and Price Transparency Know My Rights About Surprise Medical Bills Provide Feedback About My Hospital Visit Ways to Give Research International Healthcare Professionals Diversity Careers HOW CAN WE HELP? 1-800-TRY-CHOP Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Menu Search I want to Schedule an Appointment Get a Second Opinion Get Driving Directions MyCHOP Patient Portal Refer a Patient to CHOP Make a Donation Pay a Bill Request Medical Records Find Clinical Trials Volunteer Sign up for Newsletters Get an Estimate for Services Understand Hospital Charges and Price Transparency Know My Rights About Surprise Medical Bills Provide Feedback About My Hospital Visit Main menu mobile navigation Find A Doctor Departments Conditions Locations Your Visit King of Prussia Campus Philadelphia Campus Primary Care Centers Specialty Care Centers Urgent Care Centers Utility menu mobile navigation Ways to Give Research International Healthcare Professionals Diversity Careers Find A Doctor Departments Conditions Locations Your Visit King of Prussia Campus Philadelphia Campus Primary Care Centers Specialty Care Centers Urgent Care Centers Make a Gift Search Breakthroughs.Every day. Let's get started. Find a Doctor Find a Location Schedule an Appointment MYCHOP PATIENT PORTAL MYCHOP PATIENT PORTAL MYCHOP PATIENT PORTAL MYCHOP PATIENT PORTAL MYCHOP PATIENT PORTAL Inside Children's Hospital At Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, we're always learning, growing and exploring in our effort to deliver the highest quality, compassionate, family-centered care. Here's what's happening now. Resources Navigating Sick Season Frequent illness is a normal part of childhood. Focus on what you can control and use these tips to help navigate the inevitable illnesses that circulate every year. Health Tips Measles Update Get information about the latest measles outbreak, how to protect your kids, and the safety of the MMR vaccine. News CHOP Again Ranked Among the Best, No. 1 in the Mid-Atlantic Region For the 17th straight year, we’ve been recognized as an elite pediatric hospital by U.S. News & World Report. News FDA Approves Two Gene Therapies for Sickle Cell Disease The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first two gene therapies for the treatment of sickle cell disease. News Medicaid and CHIP Renewals Are Now Required As of April 1, 2023, families covered by these Pennsylvania health insurance plans need to submit a renewal when it is due. Resources When to Worry About RSV Advice from pediatricians about RSV in children, how you can treat your baby’s RSV at home, and when to go to the hospital. News National Shortage of RSV Medication Beyfortus How CHOP is responding to the national RSV medication shortage and keeping your baby safe. Health Tips Sudden Cardiac Arrest: How You Could Save a Life You could save a life by learning the warning signs of sudden cardiac arrest and how to take action. Health Tips Right Care, Right Place The following information can help you determine the best place to seek care when your child is sick or injured. News Visitor Guidelines Please read the visitor guidelines carefully before visiting any CHOP location. Thank you for helping keep our patients, families and staff safe. Want to see kids’ health tips and our biggest breakthroughs in your inbox? Subscribe! Submit Find Care, Close to Home From Lancaster County to the Jersey Shore, you'll find Children's Hospital pediatricians and specialists nearby. Search International Patient? Contact a Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Global Care Coordinator today. +1-267-426-6298 or gps.chop.edu Children's Hospital is a Charity CHOP never stops working towards breakthroughs and we need your ongoing support. Donate Today Ways to Give Footer Navigation 3401 Civic Center Blvd. Philadelphia, PA 19104 X Instagram Facebook YouTube Directory Appointments & Information 1-800-879-2467 Foundation 267-426-5332 Research 215-590-3800 Referring Physicians 1-800-879-2467 Explore Conditions & Diseases Doctors Locations Departments & Services Our Organization About CHOP News Room Giving Research For Healthcare Professionals Careers Financial Assistance Policy I want to Schedule an Appointment Get a Second Opinion Get Driving Directions MyCHOP Patient Portal Refer a Patient to CHOP Make a Donation Pay a Bill Request Medical Records Find Clinical Trials Volunteer Sign up for Newsletters Get an Estimate for Services Understand Hospital Charges and Price Transparency Know My Rights About Surprise Medical Bills Provide Feedback About My Hospital Visit © 2024 The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia Terms of Use Privacy Policy HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Ethics & Compliance Transparency in Coverage Questions and Feedback Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia is a charitable 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Language Assistance Available: English Español 繁體中文 العربية বাঙালি Deitsch اردو Türkçe 日本語 ગુજરાતી Deutsch हिंदी Italiano Bahasa Indonesia Tagalog Polski Tiếng Việt Français Português नेपाली ខ្មែរ 한국어 Русский