Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Skip to main content twitter facebook youtube instagram Click Here to Help Save the Oceans! Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search search Menu Our Story Our Mission Our Fleet Our Team Updates Videos News Campaigns Vaquita Science Get Involved Volunteer Events Support Us Ways to Support Us Partnership Portal Shop DONATE search Sea Shepherd Announces Mexico Country DirectorVeteran Diplomat to Protect Endangered Marine Wildlife Read More Sea Shepherd Intercepts Six Supertrawlers in Antarctica Read More Sea Shepherd to Protect Sea Turtles in Gulf of Ulloa READ MORE Operation Antarctica Defense Read More Help Save Marine Wildlife by Donating to the Oceans DONATE TODAY Download the Operation Milagro Report DOWNLOAD ENGLISH DOWNLOAD Español Sea Shepherd’s sole mission is to protect and conserve the world’s oceans and marine wildlife. We work to defend all marine wildlife, from whales and dolphins, to sharks and rays, to fish and krill, without exception. Sea Shepherd In Action From the Frontlines Sunday inspiration 💙 We can all learn something These vessels fish NON-STOP. We are well aware of #StopthePlunder. Many of you have sent photos of k As winter becomes spring, the Seahorse continues t In the Headlines Sea Shepherd News FilterAnnouncementAntarcticaIUUMilagroRecent NewsScience Sea Shepherd Announces Mexico Country DirectorFebruary 7, 2024 Sea Shepherd Intercepts Six Supertrawlers in AntarcticaJanuary 26, 2024 Sea Shepherd to Protect Sea Turtles in Gulf of UlloaJanuary 24, 2024 Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Joins 2024 Antarctica Campaign Targeting the Krill Fishing FleetJanuary 22, 2024 Protecting Marine Wildlife Worldwide Our Global Campaigns Sea Shepherd In Action Our Latest Videos Be an Ocean Champion The need for action has never been more urgent. Saving the oceans is possible – but we need your help. Your monthly donation goes directly to our campaigns, providing fuel and equipment for our ships and volunteer crews as they take on the biggest threats facing the oceans today. Join Today Sea Shepherd Volunteers One of the main driving forces that lends to our success, are the thousands of passionate volunteers from all over the world who donate their time to become a Sea Shepherd crew member. These crew members are brave and selfless and are willing to stand in the face of adversity, in order to protect and save the marine animals that are so precious to all of us. Volunteer Get Updates from Sea Shepherd Sign-up for our newsletter to keep up with the latest Sea Shepherd updates! DDDONATE TODAYYY Contact Locations Charity Navigator IRS-Public 990 Shop Employment Privacy Policy Terms of use GDPR Statement Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy twitterfacebookyoutubeinstagram © 2022 Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Close Menu Our Story Our Mission Our Fleet Our Team Updates Videos News Campaigns Vaquita Science Get Involved Volunteer Events Support Us Ways to Support Us Partnership Portal Shop DONATE