Producing Open Source Software Producing Open Source Software How to Run a Successful Free Software Project by Karl Fogel (Consulting: Open Tech Strategies, LLC) 2020-08-14:The 2nd Edition rewrite is finished and is all online below. Thanks to all the backers of the campaign that funded the rewrite! I'm doing a copy-editing and minor-improvements pass before sending it to the printer, for the reasons given in this update. Producing Open Source Software is a book about the human side of open source development. It describes how successful projects operate, the expectations of users and developers, and the culture of free software. The book is released under an open copyright. You can buy it in bookstores, order copies from O'Reilly Media, or browse and download it here. English Translations Bonus Tracks Web (fast) Web (one big page) PDF (Letter) PDF (A4) PDF (B5) PDF (C5) All (bundled) RocketBook EPUB Order print copies of v1 (O'Reilly Media) Learn more / join a translation team. Dansk / Danish HTML, off-site HTML 中文 (简体字) / Chinese HTML, EPUB čeština / Czech off-site PDF Deutsch / German German translation — draft complete HTML, EPUB 日本語版 (2009年7月25日出版) (サポートページ) / Japanese Japanese translation; you can order printed copies; see also amazon.co.jp HTML, EPUB Français / French commander; interview en français / in English Livre / Wiki Italiano / Italian Español / Spanish Nederlands (2009/07) / Dutch Dutch translation; published July 2009 HTML Galego / Galician Persian Chapter 1 HTML, Styled HTML Other translations in progress... Reviews Version control access Other writings by Karl Fogel BibTeX entry Video presentations August 2016 two-part interview with "Request For Commits" podcast at Changelog.com: RFC interview, Part 1 RFC interview, Part 2 Make a suggestion or comment on the book. Special thanks to CollabNet for its extensive support in the writing of this book. Video Presentations: What's In It for Me? How Your Company Can Benefit from Open Sourcing Code Ben-Collins Sussman and Brian Fitzpatrick As the open source community continues to clamor for more companies to open source their code, more and more executives are asking themselves just what open source can do for their company. There are a number of ways for a company to open source an internal project: from tossing code over the wall on the one hand to running a fully open development project on the other to any combination of the two. This talk will discuss the costs and benefits associated with each method as well as how to successfully launch your new open source project. Given as a Google Tech Talk. How Open Source Projects Survive Poisonous People (And You Can Too) Ben-Collins Sussman and Brian Fitzpatrick Every open source project runs into people who are selfish, uncooperative, and disrespectful. These people can silently poison the atmosphere of a happy developer community. Come learn how to identify these people and peacefully de-fuse them before they derail your project. Told through a series of (often amusing) real-life anecdotes and experiences. Given as a Google Tech Talk. Principles of Participation for Open-Information Communities Karl Fogel Transcript: OpenOffice (ODT), PDF, MS-Word (DOC) Slides: OpenOffice ODP, PDF, PowerPoint, HTML A presentation on principles by which corporations and other organizations can successfully participate in "open-information communities" — communities collaborating around shared, non-monopolized information. Given as a keynote at the Fujitsu Labs of America Technology Symposium (FLATS) 2007. [Thanks to C. Michael Pilato for web site style tweaks.]