U.S. Naval Institute | The Independent Forum of the Sea Services Skip to main content Collapse Donate Cart Join or Log In Search Main navigation About Us Membership Books & Press USNI News Proceedings Naval History Archives Events Donate Collapse Donate Cart Join or Log In Search Main navigation (Sticky) About Us Membership Books & Press USNI News Proceedings Naval History Archives Events Donate Welcome to the U.S. Naval Institute The home of influential debate since 1873 The U.S. Naval Institute provides an independent forum for those who seek to advance and strengthen the naval profession. Learn More Dare to read, think, speak, and write Proceedings Magazine Keeping naval history relevant Naval History Membership advances the naval profession Become a Member P Featured Article Replicate Ordnance, Not Cheap Drones By Captain Sam Tangredi, U.S. Navy (Retired) March 2024 General Prize Essay Contest—First Prize. Sponsored by Andrew and Barbara Taylor. Drones won’t offset China’s growing military, but more weapons could. P Featured Article The Next Taiwan Crisis Will (Almost) Certainly Involve Nuclear Threats By the Honorable James H. Anderson March 2024 General Prize Essay Contest—Second Prize. Sponsored by Andrew and Barbara Taylor. China might leverage nuclear threats in a Taiwan invasion; the United States must prepare now to deter them. P References Ballot Biographies January 2024 Biographies of the candidates for the 2024 Board of Directors and Editorial Board. U.S. Naval Institute The Maritime 'COIN' Project The Maritime Counterinsurgency Project aims to shine a bright light on the People’s Republic of China’s illegal activities to harass, intimidate, and bully other states ... U.S. Naval Institute The American Sea Power Project The American Sea Power Project hopes to inform strategy, planning, and procurement within the Sea Services and the government and build public support for the ... From Our Publications From Our Publications Proceedings Now Hear This Commanding the Red Sea: Mahan, Corbett, and the Houthi Threat By Kevin D. McCranie March 2024 The strategic value of Mahan and Corbett in recent Red Sea events. EP. 383: You Need the Army to Upgun Sea Power in the IndoPacific Bill Hamblet talks with General Charles Flynn and Lieutenant Colonel Tim Devine about the skills the Army can bring to the fight. Episode Number 383 EP. 382: Battle of Flamborough Head: Forgotten Stories Author and archaeologist Trevor Brigham talks with Naval History Editor-in-Chief Eric Mills about two forgotten accounts of the Battle of Flamborough Head. Episode Number 382 2023 Year in Review for the Sea Services 0 proceedings_subscriber CEO Notes 0 proceedings_subscriber Augment the Fleet with Marine Corps UASs 0 proceedings_subscriber READ THE LATEST ISSUE Naval History NH On Our Scope On Our Scope April 2024 Editor-in-Chief Eric Mills reviews the March/April issue. In Contact 0 naval_history_subscriber Navy to Name Destroyer for WWII Hero Charles French 0 naval_history_subscriber USS Pearl Harbor Crew Honored with Artwork on Pearl Harbor Day 0 naval_history_subscriber 2024 CNO Naval History Essay Contest Announced 0 naval_history_subscriber Atomic-Powered Aircraft 0 naval_history_subscriber READ THE LATEST ISSUE How Can I Help the Institute? Become a Member Join for as low as $42 Membership puts you in the forum to learn, network, and share your voice. Join Now Donate Today Invest in the U.S. Naval Institute Donations build our programs for the future. Donate Now Advertise Your one-stop for reaching the Sea Service’s influencers and most important players If you are trying to reach the decision-makers in the U.S. Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps no one comes close to the U.S. Naval Institute. Today our reach extends further than ever before as we have expanded into daily content for our influential readership. Learn More Buy a Gift Show your pride in the U.S. Naval Institute U.S. Naval Institute Coffee Mug View Other Gifts Quicklinks Footer menu About the Naval Institute Books & Press Naval History Magazine USNI News Proceedings Oral Histories Events Naval Institute Foundation Photos & Historical Prints Advertise With Us Naval Institute Archives Receive the Newsletter Sign up to get updates about new releases and event invitations. Sign Up Now Example NewsletterPrivacy Policy Copyright © 2024 U.S. Naval Institute Privacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsAdvertise With UsFAQContent LicenseMedia Inquiries Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Powered by Unleashed Technologies