Largehearted Boy – books & music Skip to the content Search Largehearted Boybooks & music Menu Newsletter Features About a Boy Support Largehearted Boy Search Search for: Close search Close Menu Newsletter Features About a Boy Support Largehearted Boy Twitter Instagram Facebook Email Categories Author Playlists Rose McLarney’s playlist for her poetry collection “Colorfast” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date March 5, 2024 “Colorfast’s central color is red, which the poems consider as both a pigment applied and vividness faded and discover in rocks, roots, cosmetics, fabrics, stains, and blood, among many sources.” Tags books, music, playlists, Rose McLarney Categories Author Playlists Terese Svoboda’s playlist for her books “The Long Swim” and “Roxy and Coco” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date March 3, 2024 “Birdsong is the ur track for music. My half-human birds can’t resist breaking into song now and then, although they fear their singing will get them caught.” Tags books, music, playlists, Terese Svoboda Categories Author Playlists Maurice Carlos Ruffin’s playlist for his novel “The American Daughters” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date March 1, 2024 “This is a book that eventually settles on a group of badass Black women and girls taking on their would-be oppressors.” Tags books, Maurice Carlos Ruffin, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Daniel Lefferts’s playlist for his novel “Ways and Means” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 27, 2024 “Given its subject, time period, setting, and tone, the book to me makes a sound very much like American pop: bright, relentless, animated by outrageous and unachievable desires, menacing. It’s the most beautiful sound I know.” Tags books, Daniel Lefferts, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Bradley Sides’s playlist for his story collection “Crocodile Tears Didn’t Cause the Flood” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 26, 2024 “While locked away during COVID, music was always there. As these stories were finding their way, music was always there. As I was editing for hours upon hours, music was always there. Without music, Crocodile Tears Didn’t Cause the Flood wouldn’t exist.” Tags books, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Cormac James’s playlist for his novel “Trondheim” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 22, 2024 “For me, writing Trondheim, each of the following songs was model, permission, catalyst, encouragement.” Tags books, Cormac James, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Joma West’s playlist for her novel “Twice Lived” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 21, 2024 “When I was writing the first draft of Twice Lived there was one album I put on repeat: Birds and The Bee9 by Sampa the Great. It drowned out the bustle of the everyday. The album feels both vast and intimate and I wanted that same feeling for Twice Lived.” Tags books, Joma West, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Mallory Smart’s playlist for her novel “I Keep My Visions to Myself” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 20, 2024 “I Keep My Visions to Myself is total literary fiction and a departure from my typical writing. I didn’t pilfer from my personal life at all which made listening to music such a necessity while writing it.” Tags books, Mallory Smart, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Matthew Thomas Meade’s playlist for his story collection “Strip Mall” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 17, 2024 “All writers are failed musicians in one way or another.” Tags books, Matthew Thomas Meade, music, playlists Categories Author Playlists Steven Dunn & Katie Jean Shinkle’s playlist for their novel “Tannery Bay” Post author By largeheartedboy Post date February 15, 2024 “We appreciate you stepping your funky ass into the world of Tannery Bay, our collaborative novel that is a queer/black blaxploitation fairytale with a lot of fucking attitude and style and music to match.” Tags books, Katie Jean Shinkle, music, playlists, Steven Dunn Posts navigation ← Newer Posts1 2 … 39 Older Posts → Twitter Instagram Facebook Email © 2024 Largehearted Boy Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress To the top ↑ Up ↑