Home | ComeUntoChrist Your browser either does not support JavaScript or has it disabled. JavaScript is required for this site. Attention! This site does not support the current version of your web browser. To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend that you upgrade to a newer version or install another browser. Welcome No matter your story, we welcome you to join us as we all try to be a little bit better, a little bit kinder, a little more helpful—because that’s what Jesus taught. ... Come Unto Christ 1:29 Get Introduced to a Loving Church Community Near You Request a visit from missionaries. We’ll help you know what to expect at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Then we’ll be at the door to greet you and sit with you on Sunday! Back Don’t worry. We do not sell your information. To learn more about our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Notice (Updated 2021-04-06) . First Name First Name Please enter a value Last Name Last Name Please enter a value Email Email Please enter a value Subscribe to weekly inspiring emails Please select an option. Continue Please choose a country Please choose a country Please select a country Please select a country Street Address Sorry, we couldn’t find any addresses that would help you. Street Address Please enter an address Why do we need your address? Both online and in-person visits are fulfilled by missionaries in your local area. Address line 2 Apt, suite, or unit # Apt, suite, or unit # Please enter a value City City Please enter a city name State State Please select a state Please select a state Zip Address Verification We were not able to find an address that matches your input. Please try making changes to it, or you can choose to keep it as it is and submit the form. We couldn’t find that exact address. Suggested address corrections are highlighted in red. Please choose one of the following. We found a perfect match for your address. If that looks right to you, go ahead through the form! You Entered: Did you mean: Edit Address Continue Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Gambia Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Mobile Phone Mobile Phone Please enter a value For scheduling Continue Does this info look right? Name and email Edit Name and email Address and phone Edit Address and phone Please confirm: I understand missionaries will contact me to answer my questions and share an uplifting message. Please confirm: Please select an option Submit Thank you! Look for a confirmation message shortly. You will receive several messages via email and another messaging service (e.g., text or WhatsApp) to confirm your request and help you prepare for your visit. Missionaries in your area will contact you soon. We’re excited to talk about Jesus Christ’s teachings with you. We can meet in person or online. Prepare for Your Visit Error: Form could not be submitted at this time. Please try again or refresh the page to start over. Try Again Believe Come to know Jesus Christ and explore our core beliefs. View our beliefs Belong There’s a place for everyone and a place for you. Come join us. Learn about our community Become Grow spiritually as you learn how to become more like Jesus Christ Explore Jesus Christ’s teachings Get to Know Jesus Christ by Following in His Footsteps Sign up to start the Walk with Christ email series. Email Email Please enter a value Submit Success! Look for inspiring emails soon. Error: Form could not be submitted at this time. Please try again or refresh the page to start over. Try Again How Believing Changes Lives Natalie “We've been members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for a year now, and I can honestly say it has been my favorite year of my whole life.” Watch the full story Shaquille "I was raised in a God-believing home, but I wasn’t sure that I believed in God myself. I started feeling this urge to pray and received an answer that God was real and that he cared about me." Watch the full story Will “The Lord has set the standard, He's put forth commandments, and I know that when I'm keeping those commandments, I can expect God to direct me.” Watch the full story Amelia “When I have a question or when I am really struggling in life, there is always something that I read [in the Book of Mormon] that will help uplift me.” Watch the full story Tony “In one particular point in my life I was as low as you could go. Strangely enough, that’s exactly when the missionaries had come to our door. It put me on the path that I needed to be on.” Watch the full story Lizzy “I instantly felt accepted, cared for, and loved [when I came to church]. Everyone was introducing themselves and making me feel so welcome. I felt like I was walking into a house with family.” Watch the full story Heidi “To see these acts of kindness from so many people, to me that is church. That is what believing in Christ and serving others looks like.” Watch the full story Welcome! We’d Be Thrilled to See You on Sunday. Find a church near you. Enter full address Enter full address Please enter a value Search Grow Closer to God Read and study His word together. Study the Holy Bible with us Request a Bible Study Meet the missionaries Talk with Us Discover the Book of Mormon Request a Free Copy Inspire your inbox Sign Up for Daily Bible Verses Sign Up for a Bible Study Read the Bible with missionaries online or in person. Get a free copy. Back Don’t worry. We do not sell your information. To learn more about our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Notice (Updated 2021-04-06) . First Name First Name Please enter a value Last Name Last Name Please enter a value Email Email Please enter a value Subscribe to weekly inspiring emails Please select an option. Continue Please choose a country Please choose a country Please select a country Please select a country Street Address Sorry, we couldn’t find any addresses that would help you. Street Address Please enter an address Although our visit will take place online, please fill in your address so your request can still be routed to the missionaries in your area. Address line 2 Apt, suite, or unit # Apt, suite, or unit # Please enter a value City City Please enter a city name State State Please select a state Please select a state Zip Address Verification We were not able to find an address that matches your input. Please try making changes to it, or you can choose to keep it as it is and submit the form. We couldn’t find that exact address. Suggested address corrections are highlighted in red. Please choose one of the following. We found a perfect match for your address. If that looks right to you, go ahead through the form! You Entered: Did you mean: Edit Address Continue Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Gambia Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Mobile Phone Mobile Phone Please enter a value For scheduling Continue Does this info look right? Name and email Edit Name and email Address and phone Edit Address and phone Please confirm: I understand missionaries will contact me to read and discuss the Holy Bible. Please confirm: Please select an option Submit Thank you! Look for a confirmation message shortly. You will receive several messages via email and another messaging service (e.g., text or WhatsApp) to confirm your request and help you prepare for your visit. Missionaries in your area will contact you soon. We’re excited to talk about Jesus Christ’s teachings with you. We can meet in person or online. Prepare for Your Visit Error: Form could not be submitted at this time. Please try again or refresh the page to start over. Try Again Inspire your inbox Get an uplifting message each week via email. Email Email Please enter a value Submit Your request has been submitted! Error: Form could not be submitted at this time. Please try again or refresh the page to start over. Try Again Meet with Missionaries Discover the Book of Mormon Inspire Your Inbox English-Global - English English Africa Central Africa South Chuuk English-Global India Kosrae Philippines Pohnpei Singapore U.K. Español Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay Centroamérica Español - España Español-Global Português Português - Africa Austral Português - Cabo Verde Português - Portugal Português-Global Français Français - Afrique Australe Français - Afrique Centrale Français - France Français - Suisse Français-Global Shqip Հայերեն Български ភាសាខ្មែរ 中文 台灣 香港 Hrvatski Hrvatski Hrvatski - Bosna i Hercegovina Česky Dansk Nederlands Eesti Suomi ქართული Deutsch Deutschland Österreich Schweiz Ελληνικά Magyar Icelandic Italiano 日本語 한국어 Latviešu Lietuvių kalba Македонски Malti Монгол Norsk Polski Română Русский Српски Српски - Црна Гора Српски Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Tagalog ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt comeuntochrist Meet with Missionaries