Home - SeedSavers external facebook instagramlinkedin logo pinterest playsearch twitteryoutube SeedSavers Quick Navigation Donate The Exchange Request a Catalog Shop Menu Main Navigation About UsAbout Us Customer Support Contact Us Organic Certificate Privacy Policy & Accessiblity Safe Seed Pledge Sales Tax Shipping & Return Policy Our Nonprofit Mission Job Opportunities Leadership Visit Us Education & EventsEducation & Events All Events Article Library Community Seed Donations Garden Planning Isolation Methods Pollinators Soil Health Seed Starting Plant Care Crop-by-Crop Growing Guides Seed Saving Recipes Ways to Give & MembershipWays to Give & Membership Donate Become a Member Sponsor PreservationPreservation About the Collection ADAPT The Exchange RENEW Stewardship Stories Shop Shop Become a Retailer Find a Retailer Near You Keeping heirloom seeds in our gardens and on our tables. About Us Shop Ways to Give & Membership Preservation & The Exchange Education & Events Founded in 1975 Seed Savers Exchange's Mission Seed Savers Exchange stewards America’s culturally diverse and endangered garden and food crop legacy for present and future generations. We educate and connect people through collecting, regenerating, and sharing heirloom seeds, plants, and stories. Contribute Our mission is dependent on you. Together, we can ensure these varieties are around for generations to come. Join our community today. Donate NowBecome a Member Get Involved Connection is sown in community. Seed Savers Exchange offers a mix of virtual and in-person events throughout the year. Learn from our knowledgeable staff as well as experienced growers and seed savers in our network, and support our nonprofit mission to save America’s heirloom seeds. See All Events Start with a Seed March 2, 2024 / Heritage Farm, 3074 North Winn Rd, Decorah, IA 52101 Details Recent Articles Job Openings Education and Engagement Manager SSE’s is seeking an Education and Engagement Manager. This is a highly collaborative position that works closely with all SSE departments and works to build relationships and community by collaborating with individuals and organizations in the larger seed community. Education and Engagement projects and initiatives include all SSE educational events (conferences, tours, and workshops), educational farm and garden signage, the Community Seed Network and Speaker’s Bureau. Read More Recipes ‘Mother Mary’s Pie’ Melon Pie Recipe submitted by Diane Ott Whealy, SSE co-founder and board member. In 1997, a Minnesota family donated the small, round ‘Mother Mary’s Pie’ melon to Seed Savers Exchange. Named after the donor’s mother, this melon was grown by three generations of the family since about 1914 and frequently used in pies. Read More Job Openings Seed Preservation Specialist (AmeriCorps) SSE is hosting an Iowa Community Corps AmeriCorps member, as a seed preservation specialist, to build capacity for their seed preservation collection and develop educational, outreach, and volunteer opportunities. Read More About Customer Support Privacy Policy Become a Retailer Follow us on Facebook! Follow us on Instagram! Subscribe to our YouTube channel! Follow us on Pinterest! Follow us on LinkedIn! Newsletter Subscribe for special offers, recipes, and gardening tips. Signup Today SeedSavers 3094 North Winn Road Decorah, Iowa 52101 (563) 382-5990 Copyright © 2024 Seed Savers Exchange. Images on this site are protected by copyright—unauthorized use is not permitted. Seed Savers Exchange is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 nonprofit organization dedicated to the preservation of heirloom seeds.