Home - GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao Skip to main content Outdated browser Unfortunately you are viewing this website on an outdated browser which does not support the necessary features for us to provide an adequate experience. Please switch to a modern browser such as latest version of Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari or Microsoft Edge. World-leading science Pūtaiao whakaihi Ao Natural Hazards and Risks Environment and Climate Energy Futures Land and Marine Geoscience News and Events View all news and events In Focus Our Science 04 March 2024 MBIE award a golden ending for Lakes380 research programme The Ministry for Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) has recently awarded the GNS Science Te Pū Ao and Cawthron Institute co-led Endeavour-funded Lakes380 research programme Gold Status, in recognition of 'excellence and impact'. Our People 02 March 2024 Dr Aisling O’Kane takes earthquake and tsunami expertise international Media Release 01 March 2024 Whakaari update – GNS sentencing Our Science 27 February 2024 Boosting the future of marine research with GEOMAR Our purpose is to undertake research that enhances our understanding of geological and Earth system processes and increases Aotearoa New Zealand’s resilience to natural hazards and climate change. We aim to drive innovation and growth that ensure risk, the environment and our natural resources are sustainably managed for a cleaner, safer, more prosperous future. Learn more about GNS Science Uia mai koe ki ahau, “He aha te mea nui o te ao?” Māku e kī atu, “He tangata, he tangata, he tangata.” If you were to ask me, “What is the most important thing in the world?” My reply will be, “It is people, it is people, it is people.” Hear from Our People Research Projects Our research builds resilience to climate change and geohazard risk and innovates our energy system to create a low carbon future. Learn more about how our research is helping prepare Aotearoa New Zealand for the future. View all projects Friis Hills Drilling Project Over the summer of 2016/17, a team drilled sediment cores on the summit of Friis Hills to understand Antarctica’s past climate. Antarctica Climate Climate change Drilling Glaciers Sea level Sedimentary Revolutionising ground movement monitoring in New Zealand - INSAR How measuring millimeters from space is possible. Data science Geological time Surveying Data Science | Strategic Science Investment Fund The projects in this programme use modern data science methods for earth science research and help to grow data science capabilities across GNS Science. Advanced technologies GNS-led AI Data science Groundwater Social science Vertical land movement The rise and fall of our coastline has a direct impact on local sea level. Measuring this movement is not as simple as it sounds. GNS Science found a way, creating our first map of vertical land movement. Alpine Fault Coasts Earthquakes Landslides Plate tectonics Zealandia By continuing with this download you agree to abide by the rules laid out in the Terms and conditions/Terms of use listed on this page. If there are no specific Terms and conditions/Terms of use listed then please refer to our Copyright and Disclaimer page and Privacy Policy page. Download Cancel Our Science Natural Hazards and Risks Environment and Climate Energy Futures Land and Marine Geoscience Research Projects Data & Resources Partner with us About us Careers Contact us News GeoNet Media Portal Online shop Image library Copyright and disclaimer Privacy policy Follow Us GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao on Facebook GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao on Twitter GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao on Instagram GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao on LinkedIn GNS Science | Te Pῡ Ao on YouTube Contact +64 4 570 1444 Return to home page Go to GeoNet for the latestgeological hazard information