University Digital Conservancy Home Skip to main content University of Minnesota One Stop myU Campuses Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Search Libraries Home My Account Hours Databases Journals Help Libraries digital conservancy Search Browse Dates Authors Titles Subjects Types Collections Crookston Duluth Rochester Twin Cities DRUM Web archives Help About the UDC How to Deposit Policies and Terms of Use About DRUM Contact Us Sign in JavaScript is disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it. Search Search Go Browse Dates Authors Titles Subjects Types Share Your Work The University Digital Conservancy holds open access articles, university documents, dissertations, data sets & more. Learn about the UDC Upload to the UDC *U of M affiliates only | How to deposit UDC News University of Minnesota Duluth Joins UDC UMD’s institutional repository has merged with the University Digital Conservancy. This online service and space will permit the Kathryn A. Martin Library to continue its rich legacy of collecting, preserving, and making information accessible to students, faculty, researchers, and community members. The University Digital Conservancy provides free, public access, and long-term preservation of works created at the University. Visit the University of Minnesota Duluth in the UDC. Features Free & Open Access Deposit your material for free. Satisfy requirements for open access to research articles and support the University’s Open Access Policy. Increase Visibility Receive higher ranking in Google and Google Scholar. Increase your exposure and potential for higher impact. Data Repository for U of M Share, publish, and preserve your digital data for long-term access and future use in the Data Repository. Full-text Search Search across the full text of your works using Google, Google Scholar, or a Digital Conservancy search box embedded on your own website. Persistent Access A persistent url for each work guarantees no more broken links. The UDC ensures your works will remain accessible and usable over time. Long-term Preservation Items in the UDC are managed by the U of M Libraries, which is committed to long-term access and preservation of the collection (see our policy). items. TypeCount AuthorCount Browse the collections UDC Services About the UDC How to Deposit Policies and Terms of Use About DRUM Contact Us Related Services University Archives U of M Web Archive UMedia Archive Copyright Services Digital Library Services Libraries Hours News & Events Staff Directory Subject Librarians Vision, Mission, & Goals Search the library website Go Twin Cities Campus: Maps & Directions Parking & Transportation Contact U of M Privacy Directories © 2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer.