Education Technology, Services, and Research | EAB Skip navigation EAB Logo Navigate to the EAB Homepage Navigate to EAB home Menu Close Search Search for Search Solutions By Focus Area Marketing and Enrollment Graduate Marketing and Enrollment Student Success and Retention Data and Analytics Advancement Institutional Strategy By Institution Type Colleges and Universities Community Colleges Graduate and Online Programs K-12 Beyond North America Featured Solutions Enroll360 | Enrollment Management Solution Unlock every recruitment advantage with tailored partnerships for next-generation search, recruitment, and yield Navigate360 | Higher Ed's Leading CRM Navigate360 is the CRM trusted by 850 schools to recruit, retain, and empower students in college and beyond Edify | The Higher Education Data Platform Pair powerful data warehousing technology with direct-to-user analytics tools to empower better decision-making across campus Strategic Advisory Services | Expert Guidance for Leadership Teams Drive progress on all your institutional priorities with expert guidance and hands-on support from EAB Adult Learner Recruitment | Full-Funnel Grad Enrollment Solution Reach, enroll, and serve graduate, online, and adult learners with next-generation marketing and growth strategies Virtual Tours | Award-Winning Immersive Tour Experiences Bring your campus story to life with immersive tours that drive student engagement and inquiries All Solutions Resources and Insights Resource Topics Data, Analytics, and IT Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion K-12 Education Marketing and Enrollment Professional and Adult Education Strategy Student Success and Experience Talent All Topics Resources by Type Blogs Podcasts Infographics Research Reports Tools Roadmaps Resource Centers Insight Papers Videos All Types Our Blogs Read about emerging trends and innovative ideas across 8 EAB blogs—covering student success, enrollment, K12, IT, and more. Office Hours Podcast Tune in for discussions about the hottest topics in education, featuring higher ed leaders and special guests. Events EAB Events Industry Events About Us Our Story Careers EAB Experts Leadership Team Newsroom Why EAB Mission and Values Inclusivity @ EAB The EAB Difference Partner Stories Partner Log In Contact Us Home 2.0 What important trends will shape higher ed in 2024? Watch EAB’s State of the Sector Webinar to Find Out and Get Strategies to Thrive Learn More Trusted by thousands of schools in the U.S. and beyond Who We Serve Colleges and Universities Thousands of colleges and universities choose EAB to achieve their enrollment and growth goals, retain and graduate more students, and advance their strategic priorities. Explore These Solutions Who We Serve Community Colleges EAB works with more than 450 community colleges to support students across their entire journey, from recruitment through completion. Explore These Solutions Who We Serve Graduate and Online Programs More than 400 colleges and universities partner with EAB to achieve graduate and online growth in a competitive and shifting market. Explore These Solutions Who We Serve K-12 250+ K-12 school districts and independent schools choose EAB for expert guidance and research-powered solutions. Explore These Solutions Who We Serve Beyond North America Higher education institutions in the UK, Europe, and Australia partner with EAB for best-practice research and advisory services to advance their most important strategic initiatives. Explore These Solutions Colleges and Universities Community Colleges Graduate and Online Programs K-12 Beyond North America Education's trusted partner to help schools and students thrive Marketing and Enrollment Achieve your enrollment and growth goals with recruitment marketing solutions trusted by 1,100+ schools. Student Success and Retention Recruit, retain, graduate, and empower more students with higher education’s leading CRM technology. Data, Analytics, and IT Data management and analytics solutions to help CIOs and IT and IR teams advance strategic priorities and build a data-informed culture. Institutional Strategy Prepare your institution for the future with research and advisory services on critical and current issues. Graduate Marketing and Enrollment Grow graduate and online enrollment in a shifting adult learner market. Advancement Cultivate more donors and increase engagement and giving levels throughout the donor lifecycle. Why 2,100+ Schools Choose EAB 95% of our partners partner with us year after year because of the results we achieve together. The EAB Difference Solutions Powered by Research and Insight EAB solutions are grounded in data and evidence. We conduct thousands of research calls and analyze billions of student interactions each year. This vantage point—buoyed by scaled insight—gives us an unmatched line of sight into emerging challenges and trends. From there, we develop solutions that are custom-built for where education is today—and where it is going Partnership Beyond Expectation When we partner with you, your goals become our goals—we consider ourselves an extension of your team. A Spirit of Generosity is one of our company values, which means it is in our DNA to serve you tirelessly and beyond expectation. We deliver expert guidance, well-researched insights, a sense of camaraderie, and a culture of service—at every step of our journey together. Decades of Proven Results Whether you want to increase enrollment, graduate more students, increase alumni giving, close equity gaps, better leverage data, or shift your strategy, EAB will help you achieve your goals. The results we deliver are second to none. Don’t take it from us though—explore our library of partner success stories. And then join us to create one of your own. Delivering Breakthrough Results for 40+ Years 16% Average increase in enrollment for first-year Enroll360 partners 3%-15% Typical retention and graduation improvements achieved by Navigate360 partners 18% Graduate enrollment growth on average for Adult Learner Recruitment partners Featured Resources and Insights Insight Paper Mapping the Enrollment Landscape This insight paper was created to help enrollment leaders reorient to a higher education marketplace that is being… Enroll360 Blog How will we measure student success in the 2020s? As we think about where student success is headed in the next decade, it’s useful to look back… Student Success Blog Blog 7 missteps university leaders must avoid in their AI approach In recent conversations with presidents, provosts, CBOs and CIOs, we’ve identified seven missteps university leaders are making in… Data & Analytics Blog " I’ve been a sitting Vice President for more than 20 years. Every year that I’ve been a sitting Vice President, I’ve been partnered with EAB. I don’t think I could do this work without this partnership. " Scott Briell, Senior Vice President for Enrollment Management and Student Services Notre Dame of Maryland University " We were anticipating enrollment growth [with EAB], obviously. I think the most unexpected part is that we are increasing enrollment, increasing net tuition revenue, but decreasing discounts…all at the same time. " Vice President of Advancement and Enrollment Management Jacksonville State University " Navigate360 is our mothership. It’s where we note every decision made, why we did something, when we met with someone. The transparency and accountability [it provides] is a gamechanger. " Heather Speed, Vice President of Student Success Pueblo Community College " Working with EAB shifted our thinking in terms of coordination in that it’s very intentional. Our four-year graduation rates have increased dramatically. " Stacey Bradley, University Organizational Excellence Officer University of South Carolina " [With Edify,] we are setting up a consistent and repeatable integration environment where changing an integration is easy. The ability to extend the value of my team is priceless. " Jim Burke, Chief Information Officer John Carroll University Ready to Connect with EAB? Let's Chat Contact Us EAB Logo Navigate to the EAB Homepage Navigate home Subscribe to EAB facebook instagram twitter youtube Solutions by Focus Area Marketing and Enrollment Student Success and Retention Data, Analytics, and IT Institutional Strategy Access and Equity Advancement Solutions by Institution Type Colleges and Universities Community Colleges Graduate and Online Programs K-12 Beyond North America Why EAB Mission and Values DEI @ EAB The EAB Difference Partner Stories Resources and Insights Our Blogs Office Hours Podcast Topics All Resources Events EAB Events Industry Events About Us Our Story Careers EAB Experts Leadership Team Newsroom Communications Contact Us Subscribe to EAB Briefings Communication Preferences Partner Login Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Legal Disclaimer Terms of Use GDPR FAQ Cookie Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit the Use of My Personal Data Privacy Preferences Copyright © 2024 EAB EAB It appears you already have an account registered with us. Please login below or reset your password. Login Email Password Lost Password? Remember me Reset Password Form Email Reset Password Cancel Create an account Learn more about partnership