Science Times | Daily Top Science News and Features Tech & Innovation Design Nano Technology Energy Policy Space Physics & Math Chemistry Medicine & Health Environment & Climate Subscribe The Science Times March 05, 2024 Facebook Twitter Instagram Electrons’ Quantum Behavior in a 3D Crystal Metal Lattice Offers Proof of Concept for New Class of Material PHYSICS & MATH Mar 05, 2024 For the first time, physicists observed electrons staying in one place in a three-dimensional crystal metal lattice. Continue reading to learn more. Disease X Vaccine Already Available? Experts Warn Against Conspiracy Theorists Taking Advantage of Hypothetical Pandemic MEDICINE & HEALTH Mar 05, 2024 Experts warned the public that conspiracy theorists are profiting from non-existent Disease X. Continue reading to learn more. World’s Smallest QR Code Inspired by Leafhoppers’ Brochosomes Uses Infrared Information Carrier to Provide Next-Gen Security NANOTECHNOLOGY Mar 05, 2024 Yellowstone Fungus Adapted for Extreme Environment Makes New Type of Protein for Meat Substitute ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Mar 05, 2024 MethaneSAT Space Patrol: New Satellite to Track Global Methane Emissions From Agriculture and Industry SPACE Mar 05, 2024 LATEST STORIES SpaceX Launches 53 Satellites Featuring Multiple Deployment Events From Different Orbits for Private Customers Mar 05, 2024 SpaceX just had to deploy a large number of payloads that it had to make multiple deployment events. Continue reading to learn more. Fostering Inclusive Education for Multilingual Learners: Bridging Linguistic and Cultural Divides through Collaborative Efforts Mar 05, 2024 In today's increasingly interconnected world, effective communication across linguistic and cultural boundaries is paramount. The rise of globalization has underscored the importance of understanding and being understood across different languages and cultures, necessitating efforts to address educational disparities hindering individuals' participation in this global exchange. New Mosasaur Lizard Species Discovered; Giant Ancient Sea Lizard Has Dagger-Like Teeth Mar 05, 2024 The newly described lizard species may have had a length of 23 to 25 feet, making it remarkably long. Read to learn more. Phrasly AI: Safeguarding Against False AI Detection for Academic Success Mar 04, 2024 This article will go over a great AI tool and give students tips on how to utilize content-bypassing technologies sensibly to prevent getting false AI evaluations. Latest Stories Hiroshima Shadows: Human Silhouettes Etched in Stone by the Atomic Bomb Mar 04, 2024 3.5-Meter Great White Shark Washes Ashore in New South Wales; Necropsy Planned To Determine Cause of Death Mar 04, 2024 How Life on Earth Started? First Cells Formed From Bubbles of Fat [Study] Mar 04, 2024 Most Popular Sedentary Lifestyle Linked To Higher Mortality, Study Reveals; Exercise May Not Undo Negative Effects Mysterious Fetus Mummy Allegedly Discovered in Colombia Wildly Suspected To Be Tiny Humanoid Alien Solar Maximum May Have Already Started, But This Cannot Be Confirmed Until Solar Activity Calms Down Again Grieving Giants: Indian Study Reveals Asian Elephants' Unique Burial Rituals for Deceased Calves Recommended Stories SPACE Europa's Alien Life Prospects Dwindle: NASA's Juno Mission Reveals Jupiter's Moon Holds Limited Oxygen Europa's potential for sustaining alien life may be limited, as the icy moon's ocean, once considered promising, may have less oxygen. Continue reading for more details. SPACE China Plans Lunar Surveillance System Inspired by Skynet to Safeguard Massive Moon Base China's lunar base, inspired by Skynet, will employ an 'all-seeing' surveillance system to guard against 'suspicious targets,' using advanced technology. Read the article for more details. SPACE Solar Maximum May Have Already Started, But This Cannot Be Confirmed Until Solar Activity Calms Down Again The most dangerous and active phase of the Sun could have already begun. Read to learn more. SPACE Atmospheric Production of Formaldehyde on Young Mars Could Have Triggered Production of Biomolecules, Early Forms of Life SPACE SpaceX Launches 4 Astronauts to International Space Station for NASA's Crew-8 Mission Editor's Pick Underground Excavation for DUNE Detectors Completed in South Dakota; Neutrino Detection Technology to Solve Key Mystery in Physics Oldest Copper Dagger in Poland Discovered in Pristine State after 4,000 Years Genius Mathematician Pythagoras Was Wrong About This One Thing in Music Tech & Innovation TECH & INNOVATION Biohybrid Robots Based on Jellyfish Designed to Gather Climate Science Data From Depths of the Oceans Caltech scientists designed bionic jellyfish to serve as robotic data-gatherers which can be sent into oceans to collect information about Earth’s changing climate. Learn more about it in this article. TECH & INNOVATION Self-Destructing Circuits Can Render Hardware Useless When Triggered, Offer New Approach in Defending Against Attacks and Counterfeiting A team of researchers has developed methods of circuit suicide involving physically unclonable function that can actually destroy itself. Continue reading the article to learn more. TECH & INNOVATION China Successfully Clones First Tibetan Goats Using Same Procedure in Cloning Dolly the Sheep China was successful in cloning the first Tibetan goats from male rams that had excelled in breeding contests. Continue reading to learn more. TECH & INNOVATION ‘Floating’ Hyperloop Train Hits 387 Mph Speed, Provides Key to Ultra-High-Speed Rail Travel TECH & INNOVATION China's Novel 'Supermind' AI Could Track Millions of Scientists, Researchers Across the Globe To Achieve Technological Supremacy Nanotech NANOTECHNOLOGY Nanotweezers Use Light to Manipulate and Identify Bacteriophages Without Using Bioreceptors, Revolutionizing Phage-Based Therapies A team of researchers has developed a game-changing technique which uses light in manipulating individual bacteriophages without the need for chemical labels. Find out more about it in this article. NANOTECHNOLOGY From Micro- to Nanodialysis: New Nanoscale Sensor Tracks Chemical Content of Brain Tissues With High Resolution A new nanoscale device was developed for better analysis of brain chemistry. Continue reading the article to learn more. NANOTECHNOLOGY Nano-Encapsulated Wax Helps Fight Against Food-Borne Pathogens, Extends Shelf-Life of Fruits and Vegetables A team of researchers developed the first hybrid technology which uses food wax with nano-encapsulated essential oils to fight pathogens. Continue reading the article to find out more. NANOTECHNOLOGY Daily Dose of Gold Nanocrystals May Reverse Neurological Disabilities [Study] NANOTECHNOLOGY Nanoscale Metasurface Uses Light to Generate Electrical Currents, Offers Breakthrough in Ultrafast Computing and Microelectronics Medicine & Health MEDICINE & HEALTH What Are Organoids? Stem Cells From Terminated Pregnancies Grown Into Mini-Organs A new study had successfully grown organoids from human stem cells resembling fetal-like tissues. Continue reading to learn more. MEDICINE & HEALTH Babies From Skin Cells? Revolutionizing Reproduction Through In Vitro Gametogenesis A new technology could one day overcome fertility problems by making gametes outside the human body. Check this article to learn more. MEDICINE & HEALTH Sedentary Lifestyle Linked To Higher Mortality, Study Reveals; Exercise May Not Undo Negative Effects A new study has found that sedentary behavior could boost death risk and that moderate or vigorous exercise cannot undo the negative effects. Read to learn more. MEDICINE & HEALTH Is Rishi Sunak’s Fasting Effective? New Study Claims It Takes Longer to Reap Benefits From Starving Yourself MEDICINE & HEALTH Children Exposed to Prenatal Anesthesia More Likely To Get Diagnosed With Childhood Behavioral Disorders, New Study Reveals ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Mysteries of Star Dunes: Experts Uncover Age and Formation Secrets in Morocco's Lala Lallia Sand Sea Researchers uncover the age and secrets of a star dune in Morocco, shedding light on its formation and captivating features. Read the article for more details. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE 32-Foot Juvenile Humpback Whale Found Dead off the Coast of Virginia; Why Do Baleens Beach Themselves? A massive 10-year-old whale was spotted dead off the coast of Virginia. Continue reading to know the full story. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Dirty Thunderstorms: When Lightnings Join Volcanic Eruptions During a volcanic eruption, a kind of lightning known as dirty thunderstorms appear due to ash and rock interacting inside a cloud. Read the article to learn more. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Skunks, Stink Badgers, and More: These 5 Animals Use Smell as Weapons, Self-Defense Some animals have the unique ability to produce foul-smelling liquid to deter predators and defend themselves. Read to learn more. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Skunks, Stink Badgers, and More: These 5 Animals Use Smell as Weapons, Self-Defense Some animals have the unique ability to produce foul-smelling liquid to deter predators and defend themselves. Read to learn more. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Mysterious Fetus Mummy Allegedly Discovered in Colombia Wildly Suspected To Be Tiny Humanoid Alien The mysterious fetus mummy, which was revealed through photos, has been wildly suspected by a veteran reported to be extraterrestrial and possibly connected to the famous Ata mummy. Read to learn more. ENVIRONMENT & CLIMATE Which States Are Most Likely To Get Hit by Lightning? Map Shows Areas Prone to Electrical Storms The US lightning map of 2023 reveals danger zones in which those in Gulf Coast states and Tornado Alley's Oklahoma and Arkansas faced severe lightning storms. Continue reading to learn more details. The Science Times Tech & Innovation Design Nano Technology Energy Policy Space Physics & Math Chemistry Medicine & Health Environment & Climate About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us © Copyright 2024 The Science Times. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram