/index.html OpenSSL Cryptography and SSL/TLS Toolkit Home Blog Downloads Docs News Policies Community Support Welcome to OpenSSL! The OpenSSL Project develops and maintains the OpenSSL software - a robust, commercial-grade, full-featured toolkit for general-purpose cryptography and secure communication. The project’s technical decision making is managed by the OpenSSL Technical Committee (OTC) and the project governance is managed by the OpenSSL Management Committee (OMC). The project operates under formal Bylaws. For more information about the team and community around the project, or to start making your own contributions, start with the community page. To get the latest news, download the source, and so on, please see the sidebar or the buttons at the top of every page. OpenSSL is licensed under an Apache-style license, which basically means that you are free to get and use it for commercial and non-commercial purposes subject to some simple license conditions. For a list of vulnerabilities, and the releases in which they were found and fixes, see our Vulnerabilities page. Latest News DateItem 30-Jan-2024OpenSSL 3.2.1 is now available, including bug and security fixes 30-Jan-2024OpenSSL 3.1.5 is now available, including bug and security fixes 30-Jan-2024OpenSSL 3.0.13 is now available, including bug and security fixes 25-Jan-2024Security Advisory: one low severity fix. 15-Jan-2024Security Advisory: one low severity fix. [More...](news) Legalities Please remember that export/import and/or use of strong cryptography software, providing cryptography hooks, or even just communicating technical details about cryptography software is illegal in some parts of the world. So when you import this package to your country, re-distribute it from there or even just email technical suggestions or even source patches to the authors or other people you are strongly advised to pay close attention to any laws or regulations which apply to you. The authors of OpenSSL are not liable for any violations you make here. So be careful, it is your responsibility. You are here: Home Sitemap Home Our Mission and Values Downloads: Source code Docs: FIPS, manpages, … News: Latest information Roadmap: What’s planned Policies: How we operate Community: Blog, bugs, email, … Support: Commercial support and contracting Sponsor Acknowledgements About us Please report problems with this website to webmaster at openssl.org. Copyright © 1999-2024, OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.