SearchWP - World's Best WordPress Search Plugin SearchWP Features Pricing Docs Version 4 Version 3 Extensions Login Menu Features Pricing Docs Extensions Login Get SearchWP WordPress search can’t find much. The biggest problems are: Custom Fields Ecommerce Document Content Custom Tables Taxonomies & Shortcodes SearchWP makes Custom Fields searchable! Custom Fields (post meta) are completely ignored by WordPress search! Use SearchWP to instantly make all of your valuable data searchable. SearchWP works with all Custom Fields in any way you’d like, including data from popular plugins like: and more! Further, SearchWP makes it easy to customize & refine the data during indexing which ensures you’re getting the best possible search results. Get SearchWP or read more about ACF and SearchWP! Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen SearchWP fixes your ecommerce search! Your products have many attributes that are ignored when searching! SearchWP considers all of your product details (attributes, taxonomies, etc) from plugins like: and more! SearchWP has first party integrations which automatically integrate better search results. Get SearchWP or read more about WooCommerce and SearchWP! Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen SearchWP can search your documents! You can tell SearchWP to extract text from documents (PDF, Office, plain/rich text, and more!) uploaded to the WordPress Media library and make that content searchable. Document search results integrate directly into your results template, showing the Media Library title and a link to that Media entry. Futher, SearchWP is able to extract a contextual excerpt that trims around found search terms. Get SearchWP or read more about SearchWP’s document processing Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen SearchWP can search everything Many modern WordPress sites use far more than the content types available directly through WordPress. Custom database tables are used to significantly improve performance when necessary, but doing so excludes that content from WordPress search. SearchWP was built with this in mind, and SearchWP has the ability to index (and make searchable) content from virtually any local database table. Get SearchWP or read more about adding custom sources Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen SearchWP knows Taxonomies & Shortcodes Taxonomy terms like Categories and Tags contain fantastic, search-oriented content. Native WordPress search isn't able to consider that content. Shortcodes are immensely popular in WordPress, but native WordPress search isn't able to work with the output. SearchWP allows you to incorporate taxonomy terms and Shortcode output in your search operation! Get SearchWP or read more about searching taxonomy terms Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen Your WordPress search can be awesome! Minimal effort from you, maximum impact on search On-site search activity is actionable! What do your visitors search for? On-site search activity is extremely valuable insight into visitor behavior. Visitors are literally telling you what they're looking for! SearchWP recognizes and understands how beneficial powerful on-site search is, not only for your visitors but for you too. With an effective on-site search solution your visitors will broadcast what they're looking for. SearchWP will help you help them find it. SearchWP’s Metrics Extension analyzes your search traffic, showing you what visitors are searching for, finding, and not finding. SearchWP's data will help you improve your site content! Screenshot of SearchWP’s Metrics Extension Instant on-site search improvement Automatic Theme Integration (Don’t worry developers, custom integrations & hooks are a big focus too!) WordPress already has search functionality, SearchWP steps in by integrating with your existing search form and results template. There is no coding necessary to replace your existing keyword search form or results template! SearchWP automatically integrates with native WordPress search forms in: Default themes Custom themes Your themes! SearchWP also works with many page builders including: Search everything by relevance Find missing search results Unlike WordPress, SearchWP returns results based on relevance from the content you want to search. Gone are the days of missing content types, omitted results, and bad sorting! SearchWP integrates with your existing search results template, sorting results based on the content & criteria you choose, including: Custom Fields (post metadata) including ACF Fields Ecommerce product details, variations, & attributes Categories, Tags, custom taxonomies Shortcode output Document content (PDF, .docx, .txt, etc.) Custom database table content SearchWP’s Engines make setup straightforward! Screenshot of SearchWP’s settings screen Want to make your search awesome right now? More than 30,000 sites have chosen SearchWP! You can utilize all of the content that’s gone unrecognized by native WordPress keyword search instantly with SearchWP. Get SearchWP for just $99 Committed Support If you need help, support is fast, friendly, and here for you Streamlined Setup Installation and setup that’s optimized for speed Great Documentation Helpful, clear, and usable documentation is a priority See what SearchWP customers have to say joseph f. “SeachWP is easy to set up and has all the customizing I need to help my clients deliver a better search experience than the native WP search functionality. It also has great analytics that help their content strategy.” SearchWP Customer “I’ve been using WordPress for several years now and I’ve had some fine customer service experiences & a whole lot of bad ones, but until today I’d never had a great one. Unparalleled communication. Above and beyond effort in problem solving. The Best” Scott B. apppresser.com “2 things I’ve done based on data from SearchWP: create content people searched for that was missing, and customize results for important terms. Being able to see search data and customize results has been awesome!” SearchWP Company About Contact Affiliates Blog Privacy Policy Terms Quick Links Documentation Showcase Knowledge Base Your Account Pricing Features Changelog FAQ Popular Extensions Related Content WooCommerce Integration Live Search Metrics Redirects Shortcodes Our Brands OptinMonster WPForms MonsterInsights WP Mail SMTP All in One SEO Smash Balloon PushEngage SeedProd RafflePress WPBeginner Copyright © 2024 SearchWP, LLC Search for: Search Add a modal form like this to your site with SearchWP’s Modal Search Form Extension!