VTechWorks Repository :: Home English Català Čeština Deutsch Español Français Gàidhlig Italiano Latviešu Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Português do Brasil Suomi Svenska Türkçe Tiếng Việt Қазақ বাংলা हिंदी Ελληνικά Yкраї́нська Log InEmail addressPassword Log inNew user? Click here to register.Have you forgotten your password? About About UsHelpPoliciesPrivacyCommunities & CollectionsAll of VTechWorksStatistics English Català Čeština Deutsch Español Français Gàidhlig Italiano Latviešu Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Português do Brasil Suomi Svenska Türkçe Tiếng Việt Қазақ বাংলা हिंदी Ελληνικά Yкраї́нська Log InEmail addressPassword Log inNew user? Click here to register.Have you forgotten your password?VTechWorks VTechWorks provides global access to Virginia Tech scholarship, including journal articles, books, theses, dissertations, conference papers, slide presentations, technical reports, working papers, administrative documents, videos, images, and more by faculty, students, and staff. Faculty can deposit items to VTechWorks from Elements, including journal articles covered by the University open access policy. Email vtechworks@vt.edu for help. Search Open Access PolicyVirginia Tech's open access policy enables researchers to deposit the accepted version of scholarly articles with no embargo.Theses and DissertationsVirginia Tech was first in the world to require ETDs in 1997, and continues to add scans of older theses and dissertations.Open TextbooksMore than 40 freely available and openly licensed textbooks are among our most downloaded items. Communities in VTechWorks Select a community to browse its collections.Now showing 1 - 26 of 26 College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) 11252 College of Architecture, Arts, and Design (CAAD) 690 College of Engineering (COE) 5670 College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences (CLAHS) 3370 College of Natural Resources and Environment (CNRE) 2080 College of Science (COS) 3679 Destination Areas (DAs) 2131 ETDs: Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations (NDLTD) 185 ETDs: Virginia Tech Electronic Theses and Dissertations 39318 Fralin Life Sciences Institute 823 Honors College 42 Institute for Creativity, Arts, and Technology (ICAT) 83 Institute for Critical Technology and Applied Science (ICTAS) 114 Institute for Society, Culture and Environment (ISCE) 167 Pamplin College of Business 2017 Research Centers 87 Student Works 1803 University Administration and Governance 7597 University Libraries 2163 Virginia Cooperative Extension (VCE) 8189 Virginia Tech Carilion (VTC) 1118 Virginia Tech National Security Institute 41 Virginia Tech Patents 689 Virginia Tech Transportation Institute (VTTI) 714 Virginia-Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine (VMCVM) 1108 VTechWorks Archives 17475 Recent Submissions Droplet Drag Modeling on Spray ConditionsLin, Yushu (Virginia Tech, 2024-03-04) Show moreNumerical approaches have been conducted to investigate the effect of droplet deformation and internal circulation on droplet dynamics. Although droplet drag is a classical area of study, there are still theoretical gaps in understanding the motion of large droplets. In applications such as spray combustion, droplets of various sizes are generated and move with the flow. Large droplets tend to deform in the flow, and they have complex interactions with the flow because of this deformation. To better model spray, the physical understanding of droplets needs to be improved. Under spray conditions, droplets are subjected to a high-temperature-and-pressure environment, and the coupling between liquid and gas is enhanced. Therefore the deformation and internal circulation will affect the droplet drag coefficient more significantly than they would under atmospheric conditions. To study the mechanism of how droplet shape and internal circulation influence droplet dynamics, we have used direct numerical simulation (DNS) to simulate a droplet falling at its terminal velocity in high-pressure air. An in-house code developed for interface-capturing DNS of multiphase flows is employed for the simulation. The drag coefficient is calculated, and the results are consistent with the existing literature for slightly deformed droplets. The results show that the drag coefficient is directly related to the droplet deformation and droplet internal circulation. This paper also develops an analytical theory to account for the effect of the Weber number and fluid properties on droplet deformation.Show more Surface-Enhanced Raman Stectroscopy Enabled Microbial SensingWang, Wei (Virginia Tech, 2024-03-04) Show morePathogenic microbial contamination of the environment poses a significant threat to human health. Accordingly, microbial surveillance is needed to ensure safe drinking water and air quality. Current analytical methods for microbes are generally either culture-based, gene amplification-based, or sequencing-based. However, these approaches require centralized facilities, well-trained personnel, and specialized instruments that result in high costs and long turnaround times. Surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS)-based techniques have been proposed to overcome these limitations. In this dissertation, we discuss work conducted to develop novel SERS-based methods to enable both sensitive microbial quantification and analysis of the interactions of pathogens, their hosts, and the surrounding environment. We first developed a labeled SERS-based lateral flow test for virus quantification. Optimization of the lateral flow design and digital signal analysis enabled high sensitivity towards SARS-CoV-2. To elicit a comprehensive understanding of pathogen infection, label-free living-cell SERS sensors were engineered by incubating host cells with nanoparticles. SERS spectral changes in host cellular components and metabolites during infection were used for viral quantification and offered inherent insights into the temporal and spatial molecular-level mechanisms of infection. These biosensors were validated using bacteriophage Phi6 and then developed for infectious H1N1 influenza. To understand microbial survival in the environment, living-cell SERS methods were applied under various conditions. Results showed cell inactivation and antibiotic treatment induced significant cellular and metabolic responses in the living whole-cell sensors, implying their potential applicability to various environmental conditions. Our research achieves rapid and on-site pathogen quantification and infection mechanism identification.Show more Fairness in Dispute: Understanding the Principles of Equity, Equality, and Reciprocity in Federal Procurement ContractingIngram, Laura Maria (Virginia Tech, 2024-03-04) Show moreThis dissertation explores "fairness" as an ethical construct within federal procurement contracting using 3,548 contract dispute decisions published by the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals (ASBCA) between 2007 and 2021. It employed a multi-faceted, mixed method research design at macro, mezzo, and micro levels that used a blend of descriptive analysis, computational text analysis, and qualitative thematic analysis to explore a little-studied operational domain within public administration. This investigative approach made possible an examination of how fairness manifests in federal procurement in three aspects: equality (competition), equity (contractor demographic identity), and reciprocity (dispute resolution outcome). Aspects of Moore's Public Values Framework were combined with Lipsky's theories regarding street-level bureaucracy and Maynard-Moody and Musheno's conceptualization of frontline workers as knowledge agents to examine the "human" dimensions of administrative discretion in procurement. In addition to explaining the fundamental differences between "fairness" (between individual entities) and "justice" (fairness writ large at the societal level), the dissertation demonstrates how power dynamics between the government sovereign and its commercial civilian partners complicate contract relationships. Its quantitative findings suggest that fairness is impacted by procurement complexity, entrenched arms-length contracting relationships, and strictly construed risk apportionment when contingencies adversely impact contract performance conditions, and that contractor identity plays some role (though its extent is unclear) in the generation and resolution of particularly contentious disputes. This study's qualitative findings indicate that both parties perceive a breakdown in the contractual duty of "good faith and fair dealing" when rivalry is pursued over cooperation, when the parties fail to understand or respect each other's responsibilities and constraints, and when the behavior of government contracting officials creates role confusion between the protection of government interests and the legislatively required fair treatment of contracting partners. Ultimately, this dissertation speaks to ongoing discussions in diverse fields and disciplines such as public administration, organizational studies, empirical legal research, and relational contracting. It also contributes to developing theories regarding complexity in procurement and existing contracting studies from both sociological and economic perspectives.Show more Optimizations for Deep Learning-Based CT Image EnhancementChaturvedi, Ayush (Virginia Tech, 2024-03-04) Show moreComputed tomography (CT) combined with deep learning (DL) has recently shown great potential in biomedical imaging. Complex DL models with varying architectures inspired by the human brain are improving imaging software and aiding diagnosis. However, the accuracy of these DL models heavily relies on the datasets used for training, which often contain low-quality CT images from low-dose CT (LDCT) scans. Moreover, in contrast to the neural architecture of the human brain, DL models today are dense and complex, resulting in a significant computational footprint. Therefore, in this work, we propose sparse optimizations to minimize the complexity of the DL models and leverage architecture-aware optimization to reduce the total training time of these DL models. To that end, we leverage a DL model called DenseNet and Deconvolution Network (DDNet). The model enhances LDCT chest images into high-quality (HQ) ones but requires many hours to train. To further improve the quality of final HQ images, we first modified DDNet's architecture with a more robust multi-level VGG (ML-VGG) loss function to achieve state-of-the-art CT image enhancement. However, improving the loss function results in increased computational cost. Hence, we introduce sparse optimizations to reduce the complexity of the improved DL model and then propose architecture-aware optimizations to efficiently utilize the underlying computing hardware to reduce the overall training time. Finally, we evaluate our techniques for performance and accuracy using state-of-the-art hardware resources.Show moreLoading...Leveraging knowledge via location proximity among hotels and short-term leasesBianco, Simone; Singal, Manisha; Zach, Florian J. (Elsevier, 2024-02-28) Show more Load more ...LIBRARIES Art & Architecture Library Carol M. Newman Library Veterinary Medicine Library Fralin Biomedical Research Institute Library NVC Resource Center Library Service Center Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine Library GIVE TO THE LIBRARYFOLLOW USTwitterInstagramYouTubeFacebookCONTACTUniversity Libraries (0434)Carol M. Newman Library, Virginia Tech560 Drillfield DriveBlacksburg, VA 24061(540) 231-6170Employment Feedback & Comments Sensitive Content Statement Hours Visitor Information Staff DirectorySite MapStaff Only © 2023 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. All rights reserved.