Technology Networks - The Online Scientific Community We've updated our Privacy Policy to make it clearer how we use your personal data. We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. You can read our Cookie Policy here. I Understand Advertisement Subscribe Science News Communities Analysis & Separations Applied Sciences Biopharma Cancer Research Cell Science Diagnostics Drug Discovery Genomics Research Immunology & Microbiology Informatics Neuroscience Proteomics & Metabolomics Content Articles News Infographics Industry Insights eBooks Magazines How To Guides Listicles Immersive Articles Podcasts Webinars & Online Events Videos Calculators Posters Products App Notes & Case Studies Compendiums Whitepapers Topic Hub Search Close Skip to content or Skip to footer Technology Networks Search Stay up to date on the topics that matter to you Science News Communities Analysis & Separations Applied Sciences Biopharma Cancer Research Cell Science Diagnostics Drug Discovery Genomics Research Immunology & Microbiology Informatics Neuroscience Proteomics & Metabolomics Content Articles News Infographics Industry Insights eBooks Magazines How To Guides Listicles Immersive Articles Podcasts Webinars & Online Events Videos Calculators Posters Products App Notes & Case Studies Compendiums Whitepapers Topic Hub Subscribe Now How To Guide Ten Tips To Get You Started in Flow Cytometry Flow cytometry can be applied to a large range of sample types and is used in many different fields of research. This guide highlights tips that will help get any flow cytometry experiment started on the right path. Listicle Emergent and Evolving Battery Technologies Researchers have become increasingly interested in battery chemistries that may one day outperform the Li-ion class. Download this listicle to learn more about evolving battery chemistries such as cobalt-free cathode materials and sodium-ion batteries. Product Advertisement Ella™ Automated ELISA: Multiplexing Made Simple Ella is a benchtop automated ELISA platform designed to deliver accurate, reproducible data with no manual steps. Product Advertisement A New Era of High Resolution Accurate Mass Quantitation - The SCIEX ZenoTOF 7600 LC-MS/MS system This technical note demonstrates the ability of the SCIEX ZenoTOF 7600 system to sensitively quantify steroids and to qualitatively characterize their structures using electron-activated dissociation (EAD)-based fragmentation. Product Advertisement A New Era of High Resolution Accurate Mass Quantitation - The SCIEX ZenoTOF 7600 LC-MS/MS system This technical note demonstrates the ability of the SCIEX ZenoTOF 7600 system to sensitively quantify steroids and to qualitatively characterize their structures using electron-activated dissociation (EAD)-based fragmentation. News Acid-Treated Polymers Are Superior Stores for Drug Delivery After the twists and turns of discovering a drug molecule, pharma companies still face a mighty challenge: delivering their candidate drugs to the area of the body where they are needed. News View All News Artificial Sweetener Drinks Linked to Heart Flutters Adults who regularly drank pure, unsweetened fruit juices, on the other hand, had a lower risk of atrial fibrillation. News German Man Who Received 217 COVID Vaccines Has Functioning Immune System A man who claimed to receive 217 vaccinations against SARS-CoV-2 has a healthy, functioning immune system, an analysis of his blood reveals. News Three-Dimensional Processors Could Revolutionize Wireless Communication A new innovative technology could transform the landscape of wireless communication by enhancing the efficiency of transmitting vast amounts of data across the globe. News Migrating Animals Improve With Age While genetics and social behavior are important factors shaping animal migrations, individual experience also appears to shape migratory movements. According to research, while young storks took their time exploring new places during migration, their migrations become faster as they age. News Researchers Craft Ideal Diet For Sick Broiler Chickens When broiler chickens are busy fighting the parasitic infection coccidiosis, they can’t absorb nutrients efficiently or put energy toward growth. Researchers may have found a way to help these chickens combat infection and keep growing. Advertisement Articles View All Article Tumor Heterogeneity: Navigating the Next Frontier in Cancer Research Some types of cancer are still extremely challenging to successfully treat. Once the disease has spread, it is very hard to cure. This article will explore the various types of tumor heterogeneity, how heterogeneity can impact treatment resistance and its influence on precision medicine. Article Drug Repurposing Strategies, Challenges and Successes In this article, we explore the evolution of drug repurposing from a serendipitous occurrence to a more formalized endeavor involving advanced computational approaches and bioengineered test beds, considering its advantages, challenges and successes. Article Coffee and Your Health: The Good and the Bad We break down some of the key, recent coffee-health research in this article. Article Dendritic Cells: Dendritic Cell Origin, Function and Related Conditions In this article, we consider what dendritic cells are, how they are generated, their function in the body and some medical conditions related to them. Article How To Identify Predatory Conferences With Susan Veldsman Predatory conferences mimic legitimate academic events but lack essential academic standards. Susan Veldsman, Director of the Scholarly Publication Unit at ASSAf, scrutinizes these deceptive practices in Technology Networks’ Ask Me Anything session. Infographics View All Infographic Fragment Analysis by Capillary Electrophoresis Download Now Infographic The Best Tools for DNA and RNA Quantification Download Now Infographic Methods To Assess the Thermal Stability of Your Therapeutic Proteins Download Now Videos View All Video Advertisement What truly matters in cfDNA sample quality analysis Learn what truly matters in cfDNA quality analysis. The Agilent Cell-free ScreenTape assay for the Agilent TapeStation systems uses the %cfDNA score to characterize HMW contamination and provides the actual cfDNA concentration. Video Applications for Gene Editing — Livestock Learn about the applications of gene editing in livestock and the future of this field in our latest episode of Teach Me in 10. Video What Is the Microbiome and How Do We Study It? Dive into the fascinating realm of microbiome research with our latest episode of Teach Me in 10. How To Guides View All How To Guide Imaging Protocol Handbook The ability to visualize cells is crucial for all scientists hoping to understand cell behavior. This handbook will take you through common imaging protocols, critical notes, tips for running a successful experiment and the supplies needed for each. How To Guide Flow Cytometry Protocols The modern flow cytometer is able to make measurements of cells in solution as they pass by the instrument’s laser. Today’s instruments offer an increased number of detectable fluorescent parameters all measured at the same time on the same cell. How To Guide Your Guide to Culturing Organoids This guide equips researchers with a standardized approach for routine handling of organoids, including protocols that can be applied to both normal and diseased tissue from various tissue types. How To Guide Five Fundamental Tips for Cell Harvesting This guide presents important tips for cell harvesting that can help researchers to boost cell culture research. How To Guide How To Run a Successful CRISPR Experiment CRISPR is a powerful technique that can enhance your research. If you are getting to grips with a CRISPR protocol for the first time Webinars & Online Events View All Webinar High-Throughput Plasma Profiling for Enhanced Biomarker Discovery 05 March 2024 Watch Now Webinar Ask Me Anything: Genetic Analysis in Cell and Gene Therapy 06 March 2024 Register Now Webinar Discover How Raw Materials Identification Testing Should Be 06 March 2024 Register Now Listicles View All Listicle Unlocking the Future of Medicine: Recent Advances in Organ-on-a-Chip Technology Download this listicle to explore the use of organ-on-a-chip technology in pharmacology and toxicology and the development of multi-organ systems. Listicle How to Get Started With Spatial Biology This listicle presents some fundamental concepts about spatial biology and highlights innovative solutions that can help researchers accelerate their spatial biology studies. Listicle Cell Therapies on Ice: Seven Trends in Cryopreservation To Enable Cell and Gene Therapy Research Explore the prevailing trends shaping advanced cryopreservation practices, including seven key trends that underpin effective cryopreservation and biosample management as an essential element in supporting research and cell and gene therapy. Listicle Five Steps Towards the Human Cell Atlas The Human Cell Atlas (HCA) is an international consortium working towards the goal of creating an atlas of every cell type in the human body. Download this listicle to explore how the project is providing insights into pregnancy disorders, brain cell types and lung diseases. Listicle Applications of FTIR Spectroscopy Explore the diverse applications of FTIR spectroscopy across various industries, including environmental analysis, medicine and pharmaceuticals. Advertisement Advertisement Never miss a story with the Breaking Science News daily newsletter Subscribe for FREE Technology Networks About Us Contact Us Scientific Content Creation Careers Editorial Policies Editorial Guidelines Meet the Team Scientific Advisory Board Advertise With Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy and Disclaimer Cookie Policy ©2024 Technology Networks, all rights reserved. Part of the LabX Media Group