OpenCV - Open Computer Vision Library Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentOpenCVOpen Computer Vision LibraryLibrary Releases Platforms License Forum OpenCV Forum (New!) Askbot (Old Forum) OpenCV University All Courses Mastering OpenCV with Python Fundamentals of CV & IP Deep Learning with PyTorch Deep Learning with TensorFlow & Keras Computer Vision & Deep Learning Applications Mastering Generative AI for Art CVDL Master Program Courses [Enrolled Users] For Organizations For Students 100-Day AI Career Challenge CareerX Free Courses TensorFlow Keras Course FREE OpenCV Course FREE Python for Beginners FREE Services Face Recognition Contribute Area Chairs Membership Platinum Gold Development Partnership Course Partnership Resources News Books Podcast Tools Roboflow Links Media Kit Leadership About Search for:Search Button Claim Your FREE OpenCV Crash CourseDive into AI and Computer Vision, covering Image & Video Manipulation, Object and Face Detection, OpenCV Deep Learning Module and much more.Claim NowOpenCV Shirts & MoreSupport OpenCV and shop t-shirts, sweaters, pet bandanas, and more!Shop NowOpenCV UniversityDiscover the world’s most trustworthy destination for learning Computer Vision, Deep Learning, and AI. Learn MoreCVATVisit the new home of the Computer Vision Annotation Tool. Try CVATOpenCV Face RecognitionThe world’s largest Computer Vision library meets the world’s top-rated Face Recognition technology. Learn More Previous slide Next slide OpenCV is the world's biggest computer vision library. It's open source, contains over 2500 algorithms and is operated by the non-profit Open Source Vision Foundation. Support OpenCV Get Started Github documentation Tutorials Q&A forum Courses Wiki Build farm Report a bug Donate Our Services OpenCV.ai Explore OpenCV's market-leading Computer Vision solutions. Learn more OpenCV University The world’s most trustworthy destination for learning Computer Vision, Deep Learning, and AI. Learn more OpenCV Face Recognition The world’s largest Computer Vision library meets the world’s top-rated Face Recognition technology. Learn more Members and Partners Our Blogs AI Tools Beyond Basics: 8 Must Know Deep Learning Tools for Vision Projects Introduction Deep learning tools are extensively used in vision applications across most industries, ranging from facial recognition on mobile devices to Tesla’s self-driving cars. However, Read More » February 28, 2024 AI Careers Data Annotation – A Beginner’s Guide At the heart of computer vision’s effectiveness is data annotation, a crucial process that involves labeling visual data to train machine learning models accurately. This Read More » February 21, 2024 AI Careers Your 2024 Guide to the Top 6 Computer Vision Problems Introduction Computer Vision is a recent subset of Artificial Intelligence that has seen a huge surge in demand in recent years. We can owe this Read More » February 14, 2024 See all news and articles Open Source OpenCV is open source and released under the Apache 2 License. It is free for commercial use. Optimized OpenCV is a highly optimized library with focus on real-time applications. Cross-Platform C++, Python and Java interfaces support Linux, MacOS, Windows, iOS, and Android. E-Mail Slack GitHub Facebook Twitter YouTube Wikipedia Forum Source Forge IRC #opencv Become a Member Stay up to date on OpenCV and Computer Vision news Join our Newsletter Free Courses TensorFlow & Keras Bootcamp OpenCV Bootcamp Python for Beginners Courses Mastering OpenCV with Python Fundamentals of CV & IP Deep Learning with PyTorch Deep Learning with TensorFlow & Keras Computer Vision & Deep Learning Applications Mastering Generative AI for Art Partnership Intel, OpenCV’s Platinum Member Gold Membership Development Partnership CUDA ARM Resources News Books Podcast Links Media Kit General Link About Releases License Copyright © 2024 , OpenCV team Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions Subscribe and Start Your Free Crash Course Stay up to date on OpenCV and Computer Vision news and our new course offerings First Name Email Start Free Course We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe. Join the waitlist to receive a 20% discount Courses are (a little) oversubscribed and we apologize for your enrollment delay. As an apology, you will receive a 20% discount on all waitlist course purchases. Current wait time will be sent to you in the confirmation email. Thank you! What best describes you? Working Professional Entrepreneur Student Which of these are you most comfortable with: General Python Programming Data Analysis tools like R, Pandas, etc TensorFlow PyTorch Join The Waitlist We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptPrivacy policy