Building Your Business Skip to content The Balance Search Search Please fill out this field. Search Search Please fill out this field. Budgeting Budgeting Budgeting Calculator Financial Planning Managing Your Debt Best Budgeting Apps View All Investing Investing Find an Advisor Stocks Retirement Planning Cryptocurrency Best Online Stock Brokers Best Investment Apps View All Mortgages Mortgages Homeowner Guide First-Time Homebuyers Home Financing Managing Your Loan Mortgage Refinancing Using Your Home Equity View All Economics Economics US Economy Economic Terms Unemployment Fiscal Policy Monetary Policy View All Banking Banking Banking Basics Compound Interest Calculator Best Savings Account Interest Rates of March 2024 Best CD Rates of March 2024 Best Banks for Checking Accounts Best Personal Loans of 2024 Best Auto Loan Rates View All Small Business Small Business Entrepreneurship Business Banking Business Financing Business Taxes Business Tools Becoming an Owner Operations & Success View All Career Planning Career Planning Finding a Job Getting a Raise Work Benefits Top Jobs Cover Letters Resumes View All More More Credit Cards Insurance Taxes Credit Reports & Scores Loans Personal Stories About Us About Us The Balance Financial Review Board Diversity & Inclusion Pledge View All Follow Us Budgeting Budgeting Calculator Financial Planning Managing Your Debt Best Budgeting Apps Investing Find an Advisor Stocks Retirement Planning Cryptocurrency Best Online Stock Brokers Best Investment Apps Mortgages Homeowner Guide First-Time Homebuyers Home Financing Managing Your Loan Mortgage Refinancing Using Your Home Equity Economics US Economy Economic Terms Unemployment Fiscal Policy Monetary Policy Banking Banking Basics Compound Interest Calculator Best Savings Account Interest Rates of March 2024 Best CD Rates of March 2024 Best Banks for Checking Accounts Best Personal Loans of 2024 Best Auto Loan Rates Small Business Entrepreneurship Business Banking Business Financing Business Taxes Business Tools Becoming an Owner Operations & Success Career Planning Finding a Job Getting a Raise Work Benefits Top Jobs Cover Letters Resumes More Credit Cards Insurance Taxes Credit Reports & Scores Loans Financial Terms Dictionary About Us The Balance Financial Review Board Diversity & Inclusion Pledge Building Your Business For entrepreneurs, sole proprietors, and small business owners, it’s important to know how business decisions can impact your personal finances and vice versa. Here are the basics, resources, tips, and strategies to help you navigate small business ownership. Operations & Success Office Setup Business Tools Business Insurance Becoming an Owner Business Financing Business Taxes Business Banking See All Small Business Basics How To Get a Business Credit Card Important Tax Deductions for the Self-Employed How To Categorize and Track Small Business Expenses What Is a Profit and Loss (P&L) Statement? How To Open a Business Bank Account Frequently Asked Questions What is an example of a sole proprietorship? A self-employed business owner and independent contractors are examples of sole proprietors. Many self-employed business owners also work from their homes to complete jobs for clients. For example, a freelance graphic designer, freelance writer, or an IT consultant who works with several clients could be considered self-employed business owners. Learn More How To Start a Sole Proprietorship What types of taxes do small businesses pay? Sole proprietorships, partnerships, LLCs, and S-corps use the pass-through method, wherein profits and losses are reported on the business owner’s and shareholders’ personal tax returns. Depending on business structure, tax liabilities that small businesses must account for include income tax, self-employment tax, employer tax, excise tax, and estimated tax. Learn More How Much Taxes Do Small Businesses Pay? How do I start a business from home? There are several steps to start a home business, beginning with finding a relevant, viable business idea, then outlining a business plan so you can arrange funding and manage day-to-day operations. Most importantly, however, you should decide on a business structure—like a sole proprietorship or LLC—for tax purposes, and then legally register your company with a state or local government. Learn More How To Start a Business From Home How do small businesses get financing? There are several ways to obtain financing for your startup or small business including bootstrapping (using personal assets and no investors), borrowing from family or friends, using personal or business credit cards, applying for SBA 7(a) or microloans, crowdfunding, finding angel investors, and debt or equity financing. Learn More How To Find Angel Investors How do I create an invoice? There are several free invoice templates you can use to request payment for a product or service. Some factors to consider when invoicing include billing preferences, the type of clients you work with, and the goods or services provided. In an invoice, you should include business and client details, description of service, dates, amount owed, payment details, and terms. Learn More How To Write an Invoice for Services Rendered Key Terms Entrepreneur Crowdfunding Unlimited Liability Liability Tax Depreciation Seed Capital Business Tax Receipt Net 30 Gig Economy Overhead Accrued Expenses Entrepreneur An entrepreneur is typically an individual who creates a new business, plays an active role in its operations, assumes most of the financial risk, and enjoys most of its success. Learn More Crowdfunding Crowdfunding is the method of financing a business venture, project, or cause by collecting small monetary contributions from a large group of people through online platforms. Learn More Unlimited Liability Unlimited liability is unrestricted liability for a company’s financial obligations. When business owners have unlimited liability, they are fully responsible for their company’s debts and other financial commitments. Learn More Liability Within the context of insurance, liability means a legally enforceable duty to pay a sum of money to another party as compensation for harm. A common source of liability for businesses is an accident caused by an employee that injures a customer or other third party. Learn More Tax Depreciation Tax depreciation allows business owners to deduct the declining value of assets used in income-generating activities from their federal taxes. It is considered by the IRS to be an allowance for wear and tear, and it can also be applied to obsolete items that are no longer usable. Learn More Seed Capital Seed capital is the initial funding needed to start a new business and cover startup costs like business proposals and research. It also covers proof of concept, which demonstrates that a business idea is feasible. Learn More Business Tax Receipt A business tax receipt is a document issued by a local city or municipal government that proves a business is allowed to operate in that area. Business tax receipts are typically issued and renewed on a yearly basis. Learn More Net 30 Net 30 is a credit term that indicates when a payment is due for goods or services. It is typically included in the payment terms of an invoice and it means that the client has up to 30 days after the invoice date to pay the net, or the full invoice amount, to the vendor. Learn More Gig Economy The gig economy can be characterized by temporary, flexible, and freelance jobs and allows businesses to hire freelancers and independent contractors for short-term “gig” work. Learn More Overhead Overhead refers to the ongoing, day-to-day expenses of operating a business that aren’t directly attributed to the level of output or specific business activity. It remains constant regardless of revenue and can have a direct impact on the profitability of a business. Learn More Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses are costs you already have incurred but for which you have not yet paid or documented payment. They are part of virtually all business and personal budgets, and may be accounted for in different ways, depending on the accounting system you use. Learn More Explore Building Your Business How To Prepare for and Address Unpaid Invoices A Guide to Meals and Entertainment Deductions What Is the Net Working Capital Ratio? Loan Options for Self-Employed Workers How To Find and Get Small Business Grants Buying vs. Leasing a Car for Business: What’s the Difference? How To Complete Schedule SE for Self-Employed Taxes How to Build Business Credit How To Claim a Business Loss on Taxes How To Lease a Car for Your Business How To Finance an Airbnb Business Fixed vs. Variable Cost: What’s the Difference? What Is the Gig Economy? How To Use a Mileage Log To Track Business Mileage What Is Tax Depreciation? What Are Business Expenses? How Do Taxes Work for LLCs? Types of 1099 Forms You Should Know About What Is Seed Capital? How Employee Credit Cards Work What Is Overhead? How to Do a Cash Flow Analysis Pros and Cons of Allowing Tenants to Sublet Your Property What Is a Business Model? How To Make Money Online How To Fill Out SBA Form 413 What Is a Vendor? Should You Open a Business Savings Account? Can an SBA Loan Be Forgiven? Do You Need a Business License? What Is Accounts Receivable? A Guide to Small Business Tax Credits What Is a Startup? Writing Off the Expenses of Starting Your Own Business Types of Business Bank Accounts Business Loan vs. Personal Loan: Which Is Best? What Is Limited Liability? How To Create a Balance Sheet for Your Small Business Pros and Cons of Sole Proprietorships How To Build a Business General Ledger What Is a Commercial Loan? How To Pay Yourself as a Business Owner How Do Low Interest Rates Affect Small Businesses? Secured vs. Unsecured Business Loans: What's the Difference? Net Income vs. Net Profit: What’s the Difference? How To Insure Your Home-Based Business How To Calculate the Amortization of Intangible Assets What Business Owners Need to Know About Stripe Fees What Is a Swingline Loan? How To Check Your Business Credit Score What Is Unlimited Liability? What Is Asset-Backed Lending? A Guide to Cash Flow Loans What Is Petty Cash? Business Loans You Can Get Without a Credit Check Types of Grants for Black Business Owners What Is a Microloan? What Is EBIT? Can You Get an SBA Loan With Bad Credit? Business Line of Credit vs. Loan: Which Is Best for Your Business? Common Form 1099 Filing Mistakes and How To Correct Them What Are Accruals? What Is an Expense Report? The Balance Follow Us Budgeting Investing Mortgages Economics Banking Small Business Financial Terms Dictionary About Us Privacy Policy Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Diversity and Inclusion Pledge Advertise Careers Contact The Balance is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service. Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up