Battelle | It Can Be Done Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Doing Business With Us Lab Management STEM Newsroom Contact The site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. Left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. Up and Down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. Enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. Tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items. Open main navigation Markets Health Chemical and Biological Countermeasures Medical Technology Public Health Life Sciences Research National Security CBRNE Defense Cyber Emerging Threats Defense and Material Solutions Environment Assessment and Monitoring Climate Resilience Investigation and Remediation Infrastructure Energy Research Management and Operations Transportation Industry Agriculture Communications Energy Medical Technology Technology Commercialization and Licensing Expertise Advanced Materials Biology Chemistry Data Science Engineering Insights Case Studies Environment Health Industry Infrastructure National Security Newsroom In The News Press Releases Inside Battelle Blog White Papers Environment Health Industry Infrastructure National Security Videos Environment Health Industry Infrastructure National Security Events Conferences Careers About Us Contact Doing Business With Us Lab Management Newsroom STEM Pushing Forward Today for a Better Tomorrow Battelle applies science and technology to create a safer, healthier, more secure world. scroll down to next section What We Do Our Markets We deliver solutions to the world's most pressing challenges through limitless innovation. Infrastructure Environment Industry Health National Security Our Expertise View All Expertise Unmatched expertise in a wide range of scientific and engineering disciplines makes us uniquely qualified to handle your specific needs, no matter where the journey begins. Advanced Materials Biology Chemistry Data Science Engineering View All Expertise Who We Are Battelle is an independent nonprofit organization that advances science and technology to have the greatest impact on our society and economy. With more than 90 years of experience, we turn knowledge into profound innovation. And we use our proceeds to reinvest in the advancement of science and technology, as well as build schools to advance STEM programs.LEARN MORE ABOUT BATTELLE Doing Business With Us Whether you are government agency, commercial company or supplier partner that wants to work with Battelle, we have the contract vehicles and processes in place to make working with us easy, fast and efficient. Explore Working With Battelle Join the Battelle Team At Battelle, our scientists and engineers, who we call “Solvers”, work diligently to solve complex issues with solutions that change the world. We’re actively seeking new Solvers to join our team and transform ideas and passion into groundbreaking innovations. Explore Careers Innovations in Climate Resilience April 22-24, 2024 | Washington D.C. ICR's mission is to bring together the world's brightest minds to solve the greatest climate challenge of our time. The conference offers a curated technical program with invited keynote presentations, platform & poster reception. Learn more about ICR Where to Find Us SEE ALL EVENTS CropLife Europe Annual Conference March 5 - 6, 2024 View Event Carbon Capture, Utilization, and Storage (CCUS) 2024 Houston, TX March 11 - 13, 2024 View Event 49th Annual Meeting: Pesticide Science Society of Japan (PSSJ) Nara, Japan March 13 - 16, 2024 View Event GOMACTech Charleston, SC March 18 - 21, 2024 View Event International Symposium on Human Factors and Ergonomics in Health Care Chicago, IL March 24 - 27, 2024 View Event Precision Med TRI-CON San Diego, CA March 26 - 28, 2024 View Event Sea-Air-Space National Harbor, MD April 8 - 10, 2024 View Event ICR Innovations in Climate Resilience Conference April 22 - 24, 2024 View Event Our Impact Battelle delivers scientific discovery and applied research that make the world a better place to live. Whether it’s advancing technology for our clients, giving back to our community, or educating the next generation of innovators, we proudly accept the responsibility of creating lasting change for good. Science is power, and our power is a force for progress.DISCOVER WHAT MAKES BATTELLE DIFFERENT Advancing DiscoverySolving our customers’ greatest challenges today while investing in advanced research to address the needs of tomorrow.Explore Our History STEM EducationBringing quality science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education to millions of students across the United States.Explore STEM Education PhilanthropyReinvesting a portion of our profits not only in science and technology but also in charitable causes and employee giving.Explore Philanthropy Our Insights View All Insights All News Events Videos Case Studies White Papers Blogs View All Insights We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By continuing to browse our site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to accept all cookies on the site. ContinuePrivacy Policy Connect with a Battelle Expert Cutting-edge innovation that translates the latest science and technology into mission-ready solutions.Long-standing nonprofit status and charitable giving to civic and community causes. Investment in providing quality STEM education to millions of students across the nation.A diverse workforce of the brightest and most creative minds, working together to solve the world's problems. [email protected] 1-800-201-2011 Share this page on linkedin. The link will open a new page. Share this page on twitter. The link will open a new page. Share this page on facebook. The link will open a new page. Share this page on instagram. The link will open a new page. Visit battelle youtube page. The link will open a new page. RSS Feed. The link will open a new page. Newsroom Inside Battelle Blog In the News Press Releases About Us Leadership Careers Events Doing Business With Us Contract Vehicles Suppliers Locations Battelle and its logo are registered trademarks of Battelle Memorial Institute.© Battelle Memorial Institute 2024. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Terms of Use | Site Map | RSS