PwC: Building trust for today and tomorrow Skip to content Skip to footer Industries Services Issues About us Careers More Search Menu Industries Industries Aerospace, defence & security Automotive Capital projects & infrastructure Consumer markets Energy, utilities & resources Engineering & construction Financial services Forest, paper & packaging Government & public services Healthcare Hospitality & leisure Industrial manufacturing Insurance Pharmaceuticals & life sciences Private equity See all industries Technology, media & Telecommunications Transportation & logistics Menu Industries Aerospace, defence & security Space Menu Industries Automotive Menu Industries Capital projects & infrastructure Menu Industries Consumer markets Menu Industries Energy, utilities & resources Chemicals Mining & Metals Oil & gas Power & utilities Menu Industries Engineering & construction Menu Industries Financial services Asset & wealth management Banking & capital markets Insurance Menu Industries Forest, paper & packaging Menu Industries Government & public services Defence Education International development Security Menu Industries Healthcare Menu Industries Hospitality & leisure Menu Industries Industrial manufacturing Menu Industries Insurance Menu Industries Pharmaceuticals & life sciences Menu Industries Private equity Sovereign investment funds Menu Industries See all industries Menu Industries Technology, media & Telecommunications Media Technology Telecommunications Menu Industries Transportation & logistics Featured Move fast, think slow: How financial services can strike a balance with GenAI Take on Tomorrow @ the World Economic Forum in Davos: Energy demand PwC’s Global Investor Survey 2023 Menu Services Services See all services Alliances and Ecosystems Audit and assurance services Business transformation Consulting Crisis management Deals Entrepreneurial and private business Family business Forensics Legal Business Solutions Managed Services Workforce Strategy Sustainability and climate change Tax Menu Services See all services Menu Services Alliances and Ecosystems Menu Services Audit and assurance services Actuarial services Capital markets Corporate reporting Financial audit IFRS Internal audit Next Generation Audit Risk assurance Sustainability assurance Menu Services Business transformation Menu Services Consulting Cloud transformation Digital operations Deals Finance transformation Forensics Front office transformation HR transformation People Risk and regulation Strategy Technology Menu Services Crisis management Menu Services Deals Acquisitions Capital markets Corporate finance Deals strategy Global Fund Advisory Platform Joint ventures and alliances M&A legal M&A tax Restructuring and crisis Sovereign wealth funds Value creation Menu Services Entrepreneurial and private business Menu Services Family business Menu Services Forensics Menu Services Legal Business Solutions Employment Entity governance & compliance International business reorganisations Mergers & acquisitions NewLaw Menu Services Managed Services Menu Services Workforce Culture, leadership and change Diversity and inclusion Employment law Employment tax and payroll HR transformation and technology Organisational design People analytics and insights People in deals Retirement and pensions Reward and benefits Workforce risk Workforce strategy Menu Services Strategy Menu Services Sustainability and climate change Climate risk, resilience and adaptation Energy solutions Impact management for sustainable business strategy Investing with impact Legal and sustainability Net zero transformation Sustainability assurance Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Sustainability reporting Tax and sustainability Menu Services Tax Indirect taxes International tax services Mergers & acquisitions Sightline Tax code of conduct Tax controversy & dispute resolution Tax policy & administration Tax reporting & strategy Transfer pricing Featured Climate risk, resilience and adaptation Business transformation Sustainability assurance Menu Issues Issues See all issues Business transformation C-suite insights Cybersecurity Climate and sustainability Megatrends Risk and regulation Technology Trust Upskilling Value creation Workforce Menu Issues See all issues Menu Issues Business transformation Menu Issues C-suite insights Accelerating performance Global CEO Survey PwC at Davos strategy+business digital issue Take on Tomorrow: a strategy+business podcast The Leadership Agenda Menu Issues Cybersecurity Menu Issues Climate and sustainability Making the transition to net zero Energy Transition Nature & biodiversity Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive Menu Issues Megatrends Menu Issues Risk and regulation Menu Issues Technology Menu Issues Trust Menu Issues Upskilling Menu Issues Value creation Menu Issues Workforce Featured The Leadership Agenda PwC’s 27th Annual Global CEO Survey: Thriving in an age of continuous reinvention Built to give leaders the right tools to make tough decisions Menu About us About us See more About Us Alumni Analyst relations Client case studies Ethics and compliance Committing to Net Zero Corporate sustainability Diversity and inclusion PwC's Global Annual Review Global regulatory affairs Human rights statement Leadership team Network governance and structure New Ventures and Innovation News room Our purpose and values PwC office locations PwC's Code of Conduct Strategy Council Strategy& Tax Code of Conduct Third party code of conduct Transparency Report Menu About us See more About Us Menu About us Alumni Menu About us Analyst relations Menu About us Client case studies Menu About us Ethics and compliance Menu About us Committing to Net Zero Menu About us Corporate sustainability Menu About us Diversity and inclusion Menu About us PwC's Global Annual Review Menu About us Global regulatory affairs Menu About us Human rights statement Menu About us Leadership team Menu About us Network governance and structure Menu About us New Ventures and Innovation Menu About us News room Menu About us Our purpose and values Menu About us PwC office locations Menu About us PwC's Code of Conduct Menu About us Strategy Council Menu About us Strategy& Menu About us Tax Code of Conduct Menu About us Third party code of conduct Menu About us Transparency Report Featured The New Equation PwC’s Global Annual Review Committing to Net Zero Menu Careers Careers Find out more about careers Search for a job Menu Careers Find out more about careers Menu Careers Search for a job Featured The New Equation PwC’s Global Annual Review The Solvers Challenge Loading Results No Match Found View All Results Value in motion The latest issue of s+b explores how the new mobility ecosystem is driving reinvention across every industry. Are you ready to get on board? Read more Value in motion The latest issue of s+b explores how the new mobility ecosystem is driving reinvention across every industry. Are you ready to get on board? Learn more Featured PwC’s 27th Annual Global CEO Survey: Thriving in an age of continuous reinvention As existential threats converge, many companies are taking steps to reinvent themselves. Is it enough? And what will it take to succeed? Tapping into the power of blended finance Accelerating progress in Asia-Pacific’s energy transition presents an enormous opportunity to marshal the powerful combined forces of public and private capital. Transformative leadership for extraordinary times Five leadership differentiators will enable executives to reinvent their organization as climate change, technological disruption, and other megatrends reshape business and society. The Leadership Agenda Sharp, actionable insights curated to help global leaders build trust and deliver sustained outcomes. Explore our latest content on the global issues affecting organisations today from ESG to value creation, technology and cyber to workforce transformation. Learn more Explore The New EquationPwC's global strategy, designed to solve challenges today and tomorrowLearn more Solving from new angles: Case studies Trust Becoming fit for purpose The Peel Regional Police in Ontario, Canada, was dealing with what many law enforcement departments face: it was structured in a way that didn’t always make sense for the problems it was trying to solve. The chief wanted to remove barriers for his staff, not create them. The police service needed to relook at its vision and operations to determine its top priorities, including improved on-the-job technology, strategic innovation and community policing initiatives that build trust and relationships. View case study Playback of this video is not currently available 1:03 Becoming Fit for Purpose View Transcript Sustainability Tracking your environmental footprint We all have a part to play in reducing our carbon footprint. But how do we know what kind of footprint we’re leaving behind? And what options do we have to reduce our impact? It’s not just something that individuals must think about—these are questions for all types of businesses and communities. Explore more Playback of this video is not currently available 1:04 Tracking your environmental footprint Transformation Supporting international trade for the digital age Singapore’s Alliances for Action (AfA), a public-private partnership, engaged PwC to help build a common data highway called SGTraDex that aims to be the digital highway for Singapore’s supply chain ecosystem, with the goal of streamlining and channelling information from disparate sources via a central digital infrastructure. The result - an infrastructure which allows participants to share data regardless of their digital maturity, while safeguarding commercially sensitive information and reducing risk. View case study Playback of this video is not currently available 2:05 Supporting international trade View Transcript Most popular Sightline Sightline is a tax platform that makes the entire tax process more collaborative and insightful. Built by tax professionals for tax professionals. Global M&A Industry Trends: 2024 outlook The M&A starting bell has rung. Are you ready? Successful dealmakers should look forward, not back, as we enter a new phase of dealmaking in 2024. Global Entertainment and Media Outlook 2023–2027 E&M revenue keeps rising, but its growth is slowing. Our latest Outlook report finds that reinvigorating the industry requires innovative, fresh approaches—especially around AI. Global Consumer Insights Pulse Survey June 2023: Sharpening the pre-purchase consumer experience The Global Consumer Insights Survey is a biannual study that seeks to keep a closer watch on changing consumer trends. For our June 2023 Pulse Survey, we polled 8,975 consumers across 25 countries and territories. Careers PwC is all about you. Whether you’re just starting out or are an experienced professional, your future starts here. Explore PwC Careers Press room Get to know PwC’s leadership, keep up with our latest news, and find the regional contact person you need. Visit our Press room Offices Global network. Global access. We are present around the world. Find us wherever you need us. Locations worldwide Follow us PwC office locations Site map Contact us © 2017 - 2024 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Legal notices Privacy Cookie policy Legal disclaimer Terms and conditions