Backpacker Magazine | Camping - Hiking - Gear - Skills Outside Watch Learn Podcasts Maps Events Shop BuySell Outside+ Join Now Sign In Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Outside Watch Premium Films and Live TV Campfire Outside Learn Expand your Skills with Online Courses Podcasts The Outside Podcast Maps Get the Free Gaia GPS App Get the Free Trailforks App Events Find Your Event BuySell Buy & Sell Gear Outside+ See Membership Programs Shop Discover Outdoor Products Advocacy Find Your Good Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Brands Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside.io Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Pinkbike Roll Massif Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News Cairn FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Books VeloSwap Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Roll Massif Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Shop VeloPress VeloSwap 2-FOR-1 GA TICKETS WITH OUTSIDE+ Don’t miss Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more at the Outside Festival. GET TICKETS NOW TICKETS NOW ON SALE! Outside Festival feat. Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more. GET EARLY-BIRD DEALS Search Home Gear Apparel Backpacks Editors' Choice Essentials Footwear Gear 360 Gear Reviews Outdoor Electronics Sleeping Bags Sleeping Pads Stoves & Cookware Tents Trekking Poles Winter Gear Guide Trips Adventure Travel Long Trails Trips by National Park Trips by State Skills Backpacking Fitness Backpacking Gear Checklists Beginner Skills Cooking Gear Repair Identify Knots Multisport Skills Nature Navigation Outdoor First Aid Photo Skills Ultralight Survival Bears Natural Hazards Out Alive Podcast Survival Gear Survival Skills Survival Stories Surviving Animal Attacks News & Events News Events Heroes Monthly Issue Sweepstakes And Contests Videos Editors' Choice Videos Gear Videos Skills Videos Survival Videos Trips Videos Stories Adventures Essays Issues Nature People Thru-Hikes Winter Gear Guide Backpacker Outside Feed Gear Trips Skills Survival News & Events Videos Stories Winter Gear Guide Backpacker Outside Feed Gear Trips Skills Survival News & Events Videos Stories Winter Gear Guide Join Now Sign In Watch This April’s Total Eclipse From These 13 Scenic Trails The next total eclipse will be in 2044. The best place to watch this year's? On these 13 trails within the path of totality. Peter Moore New Data Shows Who Is Most Likely to Call for Help When Outdoors Emma Veidt I’m a Mountaineer. Polar Exploration Was a Lesson in Humility—and Joy Rebecca Ross 14 Things to Know Before Hiking Longs Peak James Dziezynski Should Hikers Pay for Their Own Rescues? New Legislation In Hawaii Argues Yes. Mary Beth “Mouse” Skylis Editors' Picks One of America’s Wildest Thru-Hikes Is Disappearing The 5 Best Hikes on the Appalachian Trail, as Chosen By a Thru-Hiker Editors' Picks Dedicating My Life to the Outdoors Came at a Cost The 5 Best Sections on the Pacific Crest Trail, According to a Dirtbag Who Has Done it All Latest Gear I Tried Making My Own Hiking Sandals. This Design Was the Best. Ultralight hiking sandals are great camp shoes that can still handle the rigors of life on the trail, but they can be expensive. We tested four designs for making our own. Corey Buhay 13 minutes ago Sponsored Content Adventure Under the Radar in South Dakota If you’re after an experience that feels like a real adventure, you’d be hard-pressed to do better than South Dakota Travel South Dakota Sponsored Content Meet the Adventure Sandal You Didn’t Know You Needed Keep your feet happy—and active—with the latest addition to Birkenstock’s outdoor adventure line Birkenstock Backpacking Fitness “No Pain, No Gain” Is A Lie. These 6 Fitness Myths Can Hurt Your Hiking Just because the saying rhymes doesn't mean it's necessarily true (or good for you). It's time to bust these fitness myths. Jenessa Connor Published Feb 27, 2024 Survival Here’s What Really Kills People in the National Parks From drownings to falls to homicide, each year more than 240 people die on lands managed by the National Park Service. We dove into 17 years of mortality data to find out how it happens. Adam Roy Updated Feb 29, 2024 Gear The Gear That Backpacker’s Editors Loved in February 2024 A cozy fleece cap, a lightweight multitool, and a personal safety tool our editor always carries: Here's the gear that kept us moving on the trail this February. Backpacker Published Feb 26, 2024 News These 5 National Parks Were Busier Than Ever in 2023 Last year was the National Park Service’s busiest season since 2017, with visitors hitting smaller parks and traveling during the off-season. Mary Beth “Mouse” Skylis Published Feb 26, 2024 Trips Hike Among the World’s Oldest Trees In These 5 Spectacular Forests We’ve all heard of the redwoods and giant sequoias, but old growth is all around us—if you know where to look. Nathan Pipenberg Published Feb 22, 2024 Environment The Best Rain Jackets in the World Will Soon Be Illegal—With Good Reason PFAS, or forever chemicals, provide stellar water, stain, and oil repellency to everything from clothing and carpets to dental floss and paper plates. But at what cost? New regulations are forcing industries across the globe to rethink their chemistries because of the severe health implications of PFAS. Kristin Hostetter Published Feb 21, 2024 Footwear Does Topo’s New Thru-Hiking Shoe Really Dry Faster? We put the Traverse's water-shedding tech to the test. Nathan Pipenberg Published Feb 21, 2024 See All Wildlife The Cocaine Bear Trailer Is Wild. The Real Story Is Weirder and Sadder. Cocaine Bear's first trailer shows a bloodthirsty, intoxicated bruin rampaging through the forest. But how much of the based-on-a-true-story movie is real? Editors’ Picks How to Recognize and Identify Animal Tracks on the Trail Why You Shouldn’t Be Afraid of Mountain Lions Marmots Keep Sneaking Into Hikers’ Cars With Hilarious (and Expensive) Results Fitness The Best Hiking Workouts for Every Fitness Level Reality check: Hitting the gym is the quickest way to hike farther, easier, faster, and pain-free. Get into a routine—or take yours to the next level—with these smart workouts for three different levels. Editors’ Picks Knees Are a Hiker’s Weak Link. Here’s How to Strengthen Yours. 4 Ways to Build Lungs of Steel (Without Running!) The Hike Forever Fitness Plan View More The Best Hikes The Best Hikes in Joshua Tree National Park Full of rock scrambles, cactus clusters, and desert views for days, Joshua Tree National Park is the southwest at its finest. Editors’ Picks The Best San Diego Hikes for Your Next Coastal Adventure The Best Hikes Near Seattle for Every Kind of Hiker The Best Hikes in Washington View More Backpacking Skills Why You Should Use Trekking Poles Ending too many hikes with sore, wobbly legs? Trekking poles can help you make it that extra mile. Editors’ Picks A Backpacker’s Guide to Personal Hygiene While Camping How to Pack a Backpack for a Hiking Trip Learn How to Use a Compass and Never Get Lost Again Gear Round-Ups The Ultimate Smokeless Fire Pit Showdown Which of these popular aprés accessories burns brighter? Editors’ Picks The Ultimate Backpacking Checklist The Ultimate Dayhiking Checklist Best Backpacking Tents of 2022 Trail Guides The Ultimate Guide to Hiking the Zion Narrows The Narrows at Zion National Park offers an incredible adventure in America's most amazing slot canyons. Here's how to safely explore them. Editors’ Picks Hiking the Billy Goat Trail The Definitive Guide to the Wonderland Trail Thru-Hiking the Appalachian Trail: Everything You Need to Know Survival Skills How to Remove and Treat Thorns, Splinters, and Other Prick Wounds Nature can be brutal. Learn how to to deal with wounds from all kinds of thorns, spines, splinters, shards, quills, needles, and anything else that might get under your skin when you’re on the trail. Editors’ Picks 12 Edible Bugs That Could Help You Survive The 10 Most Common Hiking Injuries and Illnesses and How to Treat Them How to Use Bear Spray Classic Destinations Hike Mauna Kea: The Expert Guide to Hiking Hawaii’s Highest Point Ready to hike to the highest point in Hawaii? Ascend Mauna Kea's volcanic slopes to a summit high above the clouds. This challenging day hike is among the most spectacular on the planet. Editors’ Picks Hike Mount Washington — The Most Dangerous Small Mountain in the World Torreys Peak: The Ultimate Hiking Guide The 10 Best Hikes in Sedona Backpacking Gear 10 Backpacking Gear Tips We Learned the Hard Way Get the most out of your backpacking equipment with this sage advice. Editors’ Picks The Gear Backpacker’s Editors Loved in May 2023 The Best Backpacking Packs of 2023 The Best Three-Season Tents of 2023 Long Trails 100 Years Ago, the Appalachian Trail Was One Man’s Dream. Now, It’s Everyone’s. Benton MacKaye's original proposal for the Appalachian Trail came out 100 years ago. While the trail may have changed, the appeal hasn't. Editors’ Picks My Colorado Trail Thru-Hike Was a Journey Back to Myself The Ultimate Pacific Crest Trail Packing List I Set FKTs on Long Trails Across the US. Was I Missing the Point? Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Listen Out Alive Real people who survived the unsurvivable View More Listen Impossible Odds Two friends, 8,000 trail miles, one year View More Featured Story The Best Places to Hike in 2023 This is the year to dream big. With the world's last destinations finally reopening to visitors, now's the time to plan a life-list hike that you'll never forget. Even better: Backpacker's done the work for you. Published Mar 4, 2024 Continue Reading Latest Issue January/February 2022 Backpacker Magazine See the issue See the Archive Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, 1,000s of training plans, and more. Learn More Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Careers Terms of Use Licensing & Accolades Site Map Digital Archive Manage Cookie Preferences Privacy Request Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside TV SKI Warren Miller Endurance Beta MTB Fastest Known Time Pinkbike Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Nastar Outside Events Cycling Series Outside Shop © 2024 Outside Interactive, Inc