Latest UK and World News, Sport and Comment | Express.co.uk Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Discount codes Puzzles Horoscopes Express Rated Shop Paper Newsletters Login Register Your Account Newsletters Bookmarks Sign OutUkUs 9°C Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on Snapchat Find us on Youtube Search HOME News Politics Royal Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Life & StyleTRENDING Met Office alerts Princess Kate King Charles III Rishi Sunak Health Entertainment Express Newsletters Best VPN Meghan Markle Weather Kate's uncle Gary Goldsmith reveals where she is as Princess of Wales is pictured for first time since surgery Princess Kate has not been seen in public since Christmas Day at Sandringham last year. 'You can't say that!' GB News guests in heated clash over Rule Britannia songGB News guests debate whether the patriotic anthem is offensive after Labour MP... Live-event Prince Harry blasted for depriving King Charles of one important momentPrince Harry almost never brings his children Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet over... BBC reveals plan to bring back channel after almost a year off airLast April the BBC merged the two channels in a bid to cut £500m in costs, but the... 'You can't say that!' GB News guests in heated clash over Rule Britannia songGB News guests debate whether the patriotic anthem is offensive after Labour MP... Live-event Prince Harry blasted for depriving King Charles of one important momentPrince Harry almost never brings his children Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet over... BBC reveals plan to bring back channel after almost a year off airLast April the BBC merged the two channels in a bid to cut £500m in costs, but the... Royal See latest updates Princess Kate fans all saying the same thing as Brits divided over royal announcement Live-event Harry and Meghan 'on lookout for new deals' as they ramp up appearances CBB's Gary Goldsmith says Prince Harry threw niece Princess Kate 'under the bus' Live-event Max Verstappen's Red Bull exit clause as dad Jos explains Toto Wolff meetingExpress Sport keeps you up to date with the latest news from the world of F1. Zara Tindall combines high street and designer for chic outfit at F1 Grand Prix in Bahrain RAF crews forced to train abroad as jets 'blow up' too often IHG spring sale slashes European hotel stays by 20% - but you only have one more dayIHG Hotels and Resorts is offering holidaymakers the chance to save on stays at hotels... 'I'm a doctor - these three delicious foods are amazing for your brain'An expert has revealed three everyday but powerful foods that could boost your brain... Grandad teaches grandkids a lesson for never seeing him in shock inheritance moveFrederick Ward Snr split almost all his £500,000 fortune between his son, Terry Ward,... BBC TV licence row: Pensioners 'frightened' into paying fee amid 'scaremongering tactics' The nation dubbed the most miserable on the planet and behind only Britain in new charts Live-event Six Nations LIVE: England 'disaster' on the horizon as BBC and ITV come under fire IHG spring sale slashes European hotel stays by 20% - but you only have one more dayIHG Hotels and Resorts is offering holidaymakers the chance to save on stays at hotels... 'I'm a doctor - these three delicious foods are amazing for your brain'An expert has revealed three everyday but powerful foods that could boost your brain... Grandad teaches grandkids a lesson for never seeing him in shock inheritance moveFrederick Ward Snr split almost all his £500,000 fortune between his son, Terry Ward,... Politics See latest updates George Galloway humiliated as David Davis snubs request to swear him into Parliament 'Bad losers!' Labour blasted after MP's 'childish' response to George Galloway win Rishi Sunak's Tories drop to 50-year record low in 'ominous' new poll You're getting a huge free Android update from Google if your phone is on this list The latest Feature Drop for Google Pixel, Pixel Watch, and Pixel Tablet has tons of cool new features for your older devices Mortgage rate warning Barclays and NatWest customers should heed from todayHigh street banking giant Barclays is "making a number of changes across our... Fury as woke academic claims British Museum is promoting 'fascist imagery'Commentator Benedict Spence said he is "yearning" for the comments to be a joke "for... Priti Patel tells France to 'do more' to stop small boat crossingsThe former Home Secretary warned evil people smugglers are "thumbing their noses" at... Daily Express Beautiful little UK island offering £150k wage to move there if you can do this one job ITV Celebrity Big Brother fans stunned by Colson Smith's age as Corrie star enters house Mortgage rate warning Barclays and NatWest customers should heed from todayHigh street banking giant Barclays is "making a number of changes across our... Fury as woke academic claims British Museum is promoting 'fascist imagery'Commentator Benedict Spence said he is "yearning" for the comments to be a joke "for... Priti Patel tells France to 'do more' to stop small boat crossingsThe former Home Secretary warned evil people smugglers are "thumbing their noses" at... TV & Radio See latest updates Lorraine Kelly issued brutal snub from Loose Women star as she takes swipe on air This Morning fans fume show is ‘spoiled’ as they issue same complaint about Martin Lewis I'm a TV expert - here's five reasons Call the Midwife finale was most emotional one yet John Higgins misses out on £395k 'golden ball' bonus and sets up Ronnie O'Sullivan clashJohn Higgins came within a whisker of making snooker history on the opening day of the... Best free attractions in England include museums and gardens - full list Six Nations news: World Rugby urged to make two rule changes as England left in 'a mess' Princess Kate's uncle makes cheeky 10-word admission about her as he enters Big BrotherGary Goldsmith was questioned by ITV hosts AJ Odudu and Will Best, asking where... Prince Harry warned he needs to do ‘penance’ after realising major thing about AmericaPrince Harry should "apologise" to his father King Charles, as well as Prince William... PS Plus March 2024 free PS4 and PS5 games release date, time and last chance warningIn addition to three games, PlayStation Plus subscribers will receive the Destiny 2... Tech You're getting a huge free Android update from Google if your phone is on this list New maps show exact moment snow chaos to hammer parts of Britain Antiques Roadshow guest stopped nan chucking out grandad’s 'well-loved' Playboys Red Bull crisis may hit new levels with 'fears of triple exit' over Christian Horner saga Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'certain' to be coming to UK as they plan 'frequent visits' Princess Kate's uncle makes cheeky 10-word admission about her as he enters Big BrotherGary Goldsmith was questioned by ITV hosts AJ Odudu and Will Best, asking where... Prince Harry warned he needs to do ‘penance’ after realising major thing about AmericaPrince Harry should "apologise" to his father King Charles, as well as Prince William... PS Plus March 2024 free PS4 and PS5 games release date, time and last chance warningIn addition to three games, PlayStation Plus subscribers will receive the Destiny 2... Life & Style See latest updates I made an incredibly easy and delicious carrot cake that I prepped in under 20 minutes Expert shares jobs to do in March for a gorgeous spring garden - 'now is the time' Join our WhatsApp community for the latest garden tips and tricks End of your satellite dish? Sky offers another big reason to change how you watch TV Sky continues to move away from satellite technology and now there's another reason to join the streaming revolution. Gordon Ramsay's simple homemade marinara sauce recipe will spice up your pastaBilled as the perfect comfort meal, the beloved British chef shares how he doctors up... Chelsea snubbed by forward with £149m release clause who could revolutionise their attackRafael Leao was heavily linked with a big-money move to Chelsea last summer. Archaeologists stunned by 'overlooked feature' on Tutankhamun's death maskA key detail etched into the Boy King's death mask has left Egyptologists questioning... Music Taylor Swift friendship bracelets: Where to buy them and how to make them for UK Eras Tour Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's major Archie and Lilibet hope dashed, expert says Man Utd set to fail Sir Jim Ratcliffe's first mission as Erik ten Hag at risk of sack Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be forced to start three players vs Sparta Prague Only people smugglers benefit from Rwanda bill delays, James Cleverly warns Lords Gordon Ramsay's simple homemade marinara sauce recipe will spice up your pastaBilled as the perfect comfort meal, the beloved British chef shares how he doctors up... Chelsea snubbed by forward with £149m release clause who could revolutionise their attackRafael Leao was heavily linked with a big-money move to Chelsea last summer. Archaeologists stunned by 'overlooked feature' on Tutankhamun's death maskA key detail etched into the Boy King's death mask has left Egyptologists questioning... Celebrity News See latest updates All the stars who have died so far in 2024 - tragic cancer battles to sudden losses 'I went inside the Celebrity Big Brother house - here's what you don't see on camera' Strictly Come Dancing's Johannes Radebe makes 'special' announcement with Annabel Croft POLLDoes Queen Camilla deserve a break from royal duties?Queen Camilla has announced she will be taking a week-long break from royal duties... The European country that’s voted to award itself bigger pensions despite cost warning Eamonn Holmes' appearance sparks reaction as he's seen out with grandchildren Terrorists are plotting attacks 'worse than 9/11' from Afghanistan, rebel leader warnsAli Maisam Nazary, head of foreign relations for the National Resistance Front of... ANALYSISHow George Galloway made Rishi Sunak realise 'extremism is out of control'ANALYSIS: Rishi Sunak and senior ministers have realised that extremism in the UK... Heartbreak for Royal Family as event at Princess Anne’s home cancelled after 40 yearsA 'dream' of Princess Anne and her first husband Captain Mark Phillips appears to have... Films The Train movie: Incredible true story behind Burt Lancaster’s World War II action epic Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's steps for 'rebranding' plan laid bare by expert Princess Kate steps out for the first time after abdominal surgery to 'do the school run' Meghan Markle's next big public move confirmed as she's accepted onto star-studded panel Donald Trump's cognitive health 'has gotten worse' and ex-aide warns 'age is a problem' Terrorists are plotting attacks 'worse than 9/11' from Afghanistan, rebel leader warnsAli Maisam Nazary, head of foreign relations for the National Resistance Front of... ANALYSISHow George Galloway made Rishi Sunak realise 'extremism is out of control'ANALYSIS: Rishi Sunak and senior ministers have realised that extremism in the UK... Heartbreak for Royal Family as event at Princess Anne’s home cancelled after 40 yearsA 'dream' of Princess Anne and her first husband Captain Mark Phillips appears to have... Sport See latest updates Man Utd co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe has ultimate revenge 'plan' to twist knife in Chelsea Tottenham face awkward transfer move as Arsenal allegiances clear for all to see Chelsea fan Paul Merson demands Premier League rule change as Blues face £60m exit Dimitri van den Bergh hits back at darts fans who booed him in UK Open final win Dimitri van den Bergh won the UK Open with a dramatic victory over Luke Humphries in the final. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta causes fury in 6-0 thrashing of Sheffield UnitedMikel Arteta's decision to bring off Bukayo Saka in Arsenal's 6-0 thrashing of... Nigel Farage warns Ofcom over GB News probe - 'I'm ready for a fight!'The politician-turned-broadcaster tore into the broadcasting regulator for launching a... ITV Celebrity Big Brother host rushed to paramedics just minutes before going on-airCelebrity Big Brother host Will Best was forced to seek medical moments before... Big Brother fans all say same thing about Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh's reunion Tiny North Yorkshire village is a hidden gem of ‘unspoilt beauty’ with ancient history Celebrity Big Brother fans 'switch off' as they issue same complaint with ITV show Bullseye icon dies aged 85 as cause of death confirmed by devastated colleagues Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta causes fury in 6-0 thrashing of Sheffield UnitedMikel Arteta's decision to bring off Bukayo Saka in Arsenal's 6-0 thrashing of... Nigel Farage warns Ofcom over GB News probe - 'I'm ready for a fight!'The politician-turned-broadcaster tore into the broadcasting regulator for launching a... ITV Celebrity Big Brother host rushed to paramedics just minutes before going on-airCelebrity Big Brother host Will Best was forced to seek medical moments before... Finance See latest updates ANALYSIS How Jeremy Hunt's Budget pledges stack up one year on from his first Spring Statement DWP one-day warning to apply for ‘hugely underclaimed’ benefit to get extra £299 payment Martin Lewis ‘changes woman’s life’ after tip helps her claim almost £10,000 Stunning photographs of the aurora painting the sky across BritainSkies from Dorset to the Scottish Highlands were awash with the first big show of the... MPs call for end to 'unfair pavement tax' costing electric vehicle drivers £277 ITV Coronation Street fans say the same thing as Adam Barlow admits all to Sarah Make brown rice taste way better with 'simple' and 'important' step often overlookedBrown rice is a healthy alternative to white rice, but people tend to not like the... Fury in UK town as Greggs drive-thru leaves local fearing they'll have to sell their homeOne furious resident said she will be "sitting eating with car fumes" if the planned... Britain bracing for Brexit bonanza with £8bn Australian pension boostAustralia's biggest pension fund to invest more than £18 billion in UK by 2030. Gaming PS Plus March 2024 free PS4 and PS5 games release date, time and last chance warning Prince Edward steps into new role as King Charles undergoes cancer treatment Tilly Ramsay's unique candied chickpea recipe is the perfect 'sweet and spicy' snack Cadbury Creme Eggs have 'secret' ingredient for 'yolk' some will find very unappetising Horror as little girl, 10, found dead by police as officers arrest woman Make brown rice taste way better with 'simple' and 'important' step often overlookedBrown rice is a healthy alternative to white rice, but people tend to not like the... Fury in UK town as Greggs drive-thru leaves local fearing they'll have to sell their homeOne furious resident said she will be "sitting eating with car fumes" if the planned... Britain bracing for Brexit bonanza with £8bn Australian pension boostAustralia's biggest pension fund to invest more than £18 billion in UK by 2030. Express Rated See more offers British Airways slashes business class seats by up to £500, with cheapest offers from £254 British Airways has Europe flights from £26 and amazing savings on business class seats Disney Plus free trial cancelled in the UK but you can watch it for £1.99 'Worse than Cuban Missile Crisis': Putin sidekick’s terrifying warning as tensions soar Dmitry Medvedev has "responsibility for setting out and amplifying the regime's justification for the so-called special military operation", pointed out John Kennedy of RAND Europe. OPINION'I was on the first Celebrity Big Brother and can't wait for the latest series'We didn't realise how horribly two-faced it would feel to nominate pals for eviction... Paul McCartney's lookalike son, 46, makes rare public appearance to support sister at PFWSir Paul McCartney's son stepped out to support his sibling during Paris Fashion Week... Kill garden weeds before they emerge using key product for dream lawn within 12 monthsWeeds can quickly overtake your yard if you let them. Here's a simple way to prevent... Food Nigella Lawson's creamy ham and pea pasta is her children's 'favourite supper' Celebrity Big Brother's Sharon Osbourne 'missing in action' from launch show BBC and ITV Six Nations coverage torn apart in call for broadcaster to be axed OPINION'I was on the first Celebrity Big Brother and can't wait for the latest series'We didn't realise how horribly two-faced it would feel to nominate pals for eviction... Paul McCartney's lookalike son, 46, makes rare public appearance to support sister at PFWSir Paul McCartney's son stepped out to support his sibling during Paris Fashion Week... Kill garden weeds before they emerge using key product for dream lawn within 12 monthsWeeds can quickly overtake your yard if you let them. Here's a simple way to prevent... Travel See latest updates Fairytale city is one of Europe’s best undiscovered affordable holiday destinations I visited a bustling city in the heart of Hampshire - it's historic but I wouldn't go back Beautiful European beach destination is completely uncrowded Olaf Scholz branded a 'liability' as UK military leak plays NATO right into Putin's handsThe broadcast by a Kremlin-controlled news channel of secret conversations between... How George Galloway will wind up the DUP with his new MP's office decoration Mum shares ‘life-changing’ shower cleaning hack to keep limescale and mould away for good Sky News presenter accused of 'taking sides' accusing Israel of 'war crimes'Alex Crawford was also accused of being disinterested in "impartiality, balance and... Christian Horner 'holds meeting' with Max Verstappen's manager as Red Bull tensions riseChristian Horner reportedly attended a crisis meeting with Max Verstappen's manager. 'Hostage' incident at German hospital sparks major evacuation - liveHeavily armed police surrounded a clinic, Luisenhospital, in the city of Aachen after... Tennis Andrey Rublev wants ATP rule change as he promises to 'be better' after disqualification ‘Easiest’ gardening method to kill weeds naturally without using vinegar or salt OPINION 'Shop crime is exploding as thieves know they can get away with it' SNP plan to ban nuclear weapons ‘a bid to have their cake and eat it’ Jamie Oliver's five-ingredient fakeaway is easy and has 'everything you want in a meal' Sky News presenter accused of 'taking sides' accusing Israel of 'war crimes'Alex Crawford was also accused of being disinterested in "impartiality, balance and... Christian Horner 'holds meeting' with Max Verstappen's manager as Red Bull tensions riseChristian Horner reportedly attended a crisis meeting with Max Verstappen's manager. 'Hostage' incident at German hospital sparks major evacuation - liveHeavily armed police surrounded a clinic, Luisenhospital, in the city of Aachen after... Comment See latest updates OPINION Esther McVey: Socialist madness over four day week is catching on OPINION The Government has one last chance to appeal to older voters, Dennis Reed warns OPINION All Rishi Sunak may end up achieving is Starmergeddon, warns Jonathan Saxty The pretty UK village where house prices are rising more than anywhere else in Britain Turville in Buckinghamshire has featured in film and TV series, including The Vicar of Dibley and Midsomer Murders. BBC’s Escape to the Country left viewers confused after unsuspecting mystery house twistBBC Escape to the Country show guests left fans shocked when they decided to put in an... BBC legend's devastation after 'heartless' axing of radio show and fears network's futureBill Rennells has slammed the "heartless" decision to axe his radio show as one of the... The beautiful but overcrowded European city with 'eight times as many' tourists as localsThis pretty city is one of Europe's most popular, but locals are saying it's under threat. Science Scientists uncover 'star dune' secret behind one of Earth's greatest mysteries ‘Ukraine is ours’: Putin puppet beams stark new map of Europe and makes chilling admission Trump set for 'most crushing victory ever' on Super Tuesday as Haley bid stalls - poll The real reason Max Verstappen's dad will skip next F1 race after demanding Horner sack Jeremy Hunt urged to address energy bills 'scandal' in Spring Budget this week BBC’s Escape to the Country left viewers confused after unsuspecting mystery house twistBBC Escape to the Country show guests left fans shocked when they decided to put in an... BBC legend's devastation after 'heartless' axing of radio show and fears network's futureBill Rennells has slammed the "heartless" decision to axe his radio show as one of the... The beautiful but overcrowded European city with 'eight times as many' tourists as localsThis pretty city is one of Europe's most popular, but locals are saying it's under threat. Health See latest updates Heart specialist shares simple test that can predict your risk of heart disease 'I was convinced my breast milk was poisoning my baby' Five winter comfort foods that look after your heart in cold weather UK seaside town to close iconic fairground ride after 64 yearsThe much-loved ride has thrilled visitors to Blackpool since 1960. Jamie Oliver's microwave puddings with 'minimal ingredients' cook in minutes - recipe Japanese knotweed spotted early as experts warn plant is in a 'strong position to thrive' The Chase fans all say same thing as they react to 'famous' ITV contestantThe Chase viewers were convinced a famous face was of of Monday night's contestants on... Jeremy Hunt in 'woke' equality jobs crackdown to stop taxpayers' cash being wastedThe Chancellor said he wants to ease pressure on taxpayers by cutting wasteful public... FIA president under investigation 'for allegedly trying to change result of F1 race'Mohammed Ben Sulayem is reportedly being investigated for trying to change the outcome... Personal Finance Mortgage rate warning Barclays and NatWest customers should heed from today Apple just upgraded the MacBook Air and made it cheaper Jeremy Vine show dog poo row erupts over calls to 'name and shame' fouling culprits American diplomat found dead in Jerusalem apartment as investigation launched The Chase fans all say same thing as they react to 'famous' ITV contestantThe Chase viewers were convinced a famous face was of of Monday night's contestants on... Jeremy Hunt in 'woke' equality jobs crackdown to stop taxpayers' cash being wastedThe Chancellor said he wants to ease pressure on taxpayers by cutting wasteful public... FIA president under investigation 'for allegedly trying to change result of F1 race'Mohammed Ben Sulayem is reportedly being investigated for trying to change the outcome... All Express Discount CodesExpress Discount CodesSave online with Express Discount Codes at your favourite shops! Extra savings with an Argos discount code Save on skincare with a Superdrug promo code Save with a Currys PC World discount code Eat well for less with Just Eat promo codes Save on style with an ASOS discount code Save today with Lastminute.com discount codes Stay stylish with a Nike discount code Fashion savings with a boohoo promo code Spend less on food with a Domino's promo code Spend less on sport with an adidas promo code SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Snapchat Check our YouTube channel Subscribe to our rss feedTODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 5th March 2024 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal US Weather Science History Weird Nature Sunday Obituaries Latest News Brexit European Union Theresa May Angela Merkel Donald Trump The Queen Kate Middleton Meghan Markle Diesel Cancer Diabetes Dementia YouTube InYourArea mynewsassistant Showbiz & TV TV & Radio Celebrity News Sport Football Tennis Transfer news Premier League Manchester United Liverpool Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Manchester City West Ham Everton Celtic Rangers F1 Boxing UFC Cricket Rugby Golf NFL Racing NBA Comment Express Comment Columnists Finance City & Business Personal Finance The Crusader Travel Travel News UK Europe America Africa Asia Cruise City breaks Beach Holidays Express Rated Best VPN Best Sky Deals Best Mattress Best Dating Sites Best UKBroadband Deals Freeview Samsung Sky Android Apple Black Friday Entertainment Films Music Books Theatre Gaming Express Wins Life & Style Diets Style Health Garden Property Life Food Cars Tech Beauty BoxSubscriptionEXPRESS.CO.UK Play Express Wins Apps Puzzles Horoscopes Discount codes Partner Stories Shop Hopsmore Beer Club Paper Sitemap Site Archive About Us Social Media Journalists How to Complain Report a Tech Issue Advertising Affiliate advertising Cookies Settings Privacy Policy AI Notice Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Community Standards Developed by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2024 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Would you like to receive news notifications from Daily Express? YES NO