Indianz.Com - Native American news, information & entertainment News Gaming Jobs Audio Video News Gaming Register Jobs Audio Video COVID Arts, Books, Entertainment, Film, Music Business, Economic Development Cobell Lawsuit & Settlement Education in Indian Country Environmental Issues in Indian Country Federal Recognition Database Health, Indian Health Service Indian Law, Tribal Law Politics and Policy The Trust Responsibility Ho-Chunk Inc. March 5, 2024 Indianz.Com Video: Change the Name and Stop the Chop #SBLVIII 'Not In Our Honor' Native organizers and advocates are in Las Vegas, Nevada, for Super Bowl LVIII -- but they aren't cheering on the NFL teams. They're protesting against Kansas City's offensive mascot. Watch the press conference from the Nuwu Art Gallery + Community Center. Note: Server Work Indianz.Com is undergoing some server maintenance and server restoration work. As a result, some stories that were posted after February 14, 2023, may not be immediately available. Most stories, however, are visible. We apologize for the inconvenience. Here's Your Headlines: Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation breaks down barriers to housing Every part of the Cherokee Nation should be a place where Cherokees can thrive. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA proudly celebrates the contributions of Native women in leadership. Cronkite News: Congress on pace to be among least productive ever Since the start of the 118th Congress, only 40 bills have passed both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. Native America Calling: Demand for a Japanese staple sparks treaty fishing disputes in the West Overfishing in Japan, a thriving black market, and even the Fukushima nuclear disaster are all fanning the flames of fishing disputes involving tribes and First Nations in the U.S. and Canada. Native America Calling: High profile Alaska murder trial fans past MMIP trauma A jury convicted Brian Steven Smith for the murders of two Alaska Native women, following a trial that attracted international attention. Hearing scheduled in Navajo woman’s lawsuit against National Organization for Women A hearing is taking in a discrimination and harassment lawsuit filed by a Navajo woman against the National Organization for Women. Native America Calling: How land grant universities cash in on broken promises Where did some universities and colleges get their land? From the breakup of tribal lands. Cronkite News: Arizona set to expand health care program for children Arizona officials said they have been given federal approval to expand income eligibility for KidsCare, a change that could add 10,000 children to the low-cost health care program. ‘Nex’s death weighs heavily on the hearts of the Choctaw people’: Choctaw Nation mourns loss of young student The leader of the Choctaw Nation is joining an outpouring of support for the family of a 16-year-old student whose death is under investigation. Montana Free Press: Putting the Indian Child Welfare Act into action Native children make up more than a third of the foster care caseload in Montana, despite representing less than 10 percent of the state’s child population. KUNC: Water projects blocked due to opposition on Navajo Nation Federal energy officials took the unusual step of denying permits to several pumped hydropower projects proposed on the Navajo Nation, citing a new policy that gives tribes a greater voice in projects on their lands. Native America Calling: Elder wisdom vs. aging out Native people have a pronounced respect for the wisdom of elders. But what about elected officials? Cronkite News: Supporters rally for Holocaust education center Lawmakers in Arizona are advancing plans for the first Holocaust education center in the state, although funding is in debate. ‘Heartbroken’: Leader of Cherokee Nation mourns death of young student The leader of the Cherokee Nation is “heartbroken” over the passing of a 16-year-old who died within reservation boundaries in Oklahoma. RECAP: National Congress of American Indians continues winter session The National Congress of American Indians hosted a big meeting in Washington, D.C. Here’s a social media recap. VIDEO: Arlando Teller (Transportation) at National Congress of American Indians Arlando Teller of the Department of Transportation addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona at National Congress of American Indians Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Marion McFadden (HUD) at National Congress of American Indians Marion McFadden of the Department of Housing and Urban Development addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. Teen student’s death under investigation in Oklahoma Authorities in Oklahoma are investigating the death of a 16-year-old student who passed away under unexpected circumstances. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation makes historic investments in broadband As we empower our rural and underserved communities, Cherokee Nation is building a brighter, more connected future for our citizens in northeast Oklahoma. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA stays on top of the news so you always start your week informed and ready. Native America Calling: The spirit of Aloha “Aloha” is a more than a word for Native Hawaiians. RECAP: National Congress of American Indians opens winter session The National Congress of American Indians opened its executive council winter session in Washington, D.C. VIDEO: Rep. Sharice Davids (D-Kansas) at National Congress of American Indians Rep. Sharice Davids (D-Kansas) addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska) at National Congress of American Indians Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska) addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-New York) at National Congress of American Indians Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-New York) addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Rep. Betty McCollum (D-Minnesota) at National Congress of American Indians Rep. Betty McCollum (D-Minnesota) addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. VIDEO: Rep. Frank Pallone (D-New Jersey) at National Congress of American Indians Rep. Frank Pallone (D-New Jersey) addresses the National Congress of American Indians on February 14, 2024. Cronkite News: Border crossings drop amid debate in Congress Border encounters plunged from record highs of more than 300,000 in December 2023 to 176,205 in January 2024, a decline of 42 percent. Native America Calling: Extending your mobile life with joint replacement surgery Native people access hip and knee replacements at a rate lower than other ethnic groups. VIDEO: National Congress of American Indians honors Pueblo leader Joe Garcia The National Congress of American Indians honors the late Joe Garcia at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. Cronkite News: Native farmers take advantage of new opportunities According to the Department of Agriculture, 59 percent of farmers in Arizona were Native, more than any other state. AUDIO: Economic Diversification to Create Prosperous Tribal Economies The House Subcommittee on Indian and Insular Affairs holds a hearing on “Economic Diversification to Create Prosperous Tribal Economies.” Native America Calling: Falling into place with Native stunt actors Native stunt actors fill a sought-after niche and are able to contribute expertise that takes the action in films up a notch. RECAP: State of Indian Nations in Washington DC The National Congress of American Indians kicked off a week of activity with the State of Indian Nations. Native America Calling: Catholicism’s enduring appeal among Native Americans Thousands of Native Catholics are entering the 40-day time of reflection and sacrifice known as Lent. VIDEO: Secretary Deb Haaland at National Congress of American Indians Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland addresses the National Congress of American Indians. VIDEO: Assistant Secretary Bryan Newland at National Congress of American Indians Assistant Secretary Bryan Newland addresses the National Congress of American Indians. VIDEO: Lt. Gov. Peggy Flanagan at National Congress of American Indians Minnesota Lt. Gov. Peggy Flanagan (D) addresses the National Congress of American Indians. VIDEO: Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) at National Congress of American Indians Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) addresses the National Congress of American Indians. Cronkite News: National Congress of American Indians lays out policy agenda Tribal nations are seeing themselves represented more than ever before, but they still need to make their voices heard at the ballot box, the leader of the National Congress of American Indians said. VIDEO: Secretary Deb Haaland on sovereignty and Native women’s safety Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland delivers remarks about tribal sovereignty and Native women’s safety. VIDEO: Dolly Tatofi performs Native Hawaiian oli Dolly Tatofi performs a Native Hawaiian oli, or chant, in Washington, D.C. VIDEO: Cheyenne Veterans Song #SOIN2024 Lance Fisher and Giovanna Gross perform a Cheyenne veterans song at the State of Indian Nations. Native America Calling: The Boldt Decision and fishing rights 50 years later It would be hard to find a legal victory any more important than the ruling named after federal judge George Hugo Boldt in 1974. AUDIO: State of Indian Nations 2024 The National Congress of American Indians hosts the State of Indian Nations on February 12, 2024. Native America Calling: The State of Indian Nations National Congress of American Indians President Mark Macarro is delivering his first State of Indian Nations. Rhonda LeValdo: Kansas City team continues to mock Native people The Kansas City football team must change its name and imagery. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works with our friends in Oklahoma For the good of all Oklahoma, it’s time to leave behind a 19th century mindset and recognize that Cherokee Nation and other tribes bring huge benefits for the state. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Will you be NAFOA’s Valentine? Native America Calling: Weighing in on the authenticity of totems Totems on public display by cities, schools, museums and sports teams are coming under new scrutiny. Cronkite News: Native artists share their cultures at Arizona festival Native artists say knockoffs from overseas undermine their authentic work, which represents their culture. Witness list and testimony for Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is taking testimony on five bills. Cronkite News: White Mountain Apache Tribe comes together for basketball Basketball is revered on all of Arizona’s reservations, and one team from the White Mountain Apache Tribe benefits from that enthusiasm. Montana Free Press: Governor silent on reservation law enforcement Local officials say the clock is ticking for the state to assume felony law enforcement duties on the Flathead Reservation. Native America Calling: Federal officials weigh the environmental value of a massive swath of Alaska land Tribes and organizations are urging federal officials to continue protections for 28 million acres in Alaska. NAGPRA enforcement enters new era after more than 30 years Museums and educational institutions are facing new pressures to comply with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act amid high-level attention to the decades-old law. TABLE: List of institutions holding onto Native ancestors Which government agencies, museums, universities and other institutions still have work to do when it comes to the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act? Find the list here. Native America Calling: Native talent on the international high fashion stage Four Native designers took a major stride when their work was included in the Louis Vuitton men’s fashion show. Haskell Indian Nations University to offer new agriculture business program Haskell Indian Nations University will offer a new business degree program under a partnership with the Native American Agriculture Fund. VIDEO: H.R.1240, the Winnebago Land Transfer Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.1240, the Winnebago Land Transfer Act, on February 5, 2024. VIDEO: H.R.1240, the Udall Foundation Reauthorization Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.2882, the Udall Foundation Reauthorization Act, on February 5, 2024. StrongHearts Native Helpline: Celebrating a milestone in support and advocacy On the cusp of its seven-year anniversary, StrongHearts Native Helpline is building partnerships and gaining support from grants awarded to sustain culturally appropriate support and advocacy for Native people. KFF Health News: Resources lacking to address suicide in Indian Country Native people die by suicide at higher rates than any other racial or ethnic group, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Native America Calling: Do you know what to do if you are arrested? With Native people incarcerated at the highest rates in the U.S., what should you do when you encounter law enforcement? Montana Free Press: Gray wolves denied endangered species status The federal agency that oversees the Endangered Species Act will not add Northern Rockies wolves back onto the list of threatened and endangered species. Cronkite News: Bipartisan immigration and border bill faces uncertain future The Republican Speaker of the House said the bill is “dead on arrival” even before seeing it. The Conversation: Indigenous activists targeted even after leaving Russia Indigenous activists are fleeing Russia because of growing repression. House takes up tribal homelands and Udall Foundation bills The U.S. House of Representatives is set to approve two bills of interest in Indian Country. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs set for first hearing of new year The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is hosting its first hearing of 2024. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works to keep language alive To survive and thrive, Cherokee must grow beyond the classroom, into our daily interactions and the fabric of our lives. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Did you know? You can contribute to NAFOA’s 5 Things newsletter! Native America Calling: Why are museums taking down Native exhibitions? New regulations for the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act are prompting museums to pull some items from public display. Howard Center: Tribes in uphill battle against lithium mining Tribal communities are on the frontlines of a push to create new, domestic sources for lithium. Cronkite News: Three major candidates in running for U.S. Senate seat in Arizona Arizona Sen. Kyrsten Sinema raised a fraction of what her leading challengers brought in in the last quarter of 2023, raising new questions about her chances in what could be a bruising, three-way race. Native America Calling: Native Bookshelf with Ned Blackhawk and Craig Santos Perez Two of the newest National Book Award winners reinterpret conventional views of their homelands through their unique, Indigenous lenses. VIDEO: ‘For centuries, Native people have had everything stolen from them’ Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) delivers remarks on the Native American Graves Protection Act and Repatriation Act on February 1, 2024. TRANSCRIPT: ‘For centuries, Native people have had everything stolen from them’ Read a transcript of remarks from Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) about the Native American Graves Protection Act and Repatriation Act. Bureau of Indian Education launches behavioral health support line The Bureau of Indian Education has launched a 24/7 behavioral health and wellness call line for students and staff. Native America Calling: Remembering literary great N. Scott Momaday N. Scott Momaday was a literary force. The groundbreaking Kiowa author died on January 24, 2024, at the age of 89. ‘Fractionation just spirals unless you stop it’: Tribes call for more land consolidation funding The Biden administration was a no-show at a hearing called to examine the future of land consolidation efforts in Indian Country. AUDIO: Examining the Opportunities and Challenges of Land Consolidation in Indian Country The House Subcommittee on Indian and Insular Affairs holds an oversight hearing on January 30, 2024. Native America Calling: Native soups, nominations for Native businesses and sharp knives Soup, sharp knives and nominations for Native-owned businesses are on The Menu, a regular food feature from Native America Calling. Native America Calling: Recognizing and confronting human trafficking Tribes and advocates are in a constant battle against human trafficking that disproportionately affects Native people and people of color. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation expands opportunities for education Cherokee minds can change the world. That’s been true throughout our history, and it’s just as true today. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Don’t Forget: Applications for Leading People And Investing To Build Sustainable Communities Program (LPIBSC) due this week. Native America Calling: Making sense of this year’s tax season Native families stand to benefit from a child tax credit that’s still under consideration in Congress. What else is new in tax season? Native America Calling: The power of an Indigenous uprising in Mexico This month marks 30 years since the Zapatista Army of National Liberation attracted worldwide attention with their rebel uprising in demand of Indigenous rights in Mexico. Land consolidation back on the agenda for Indian Country After 10 years and more than $1.6 billion put in the hands of Indian Country, a successful program that was designed to address a harmful era in federal policy has finally come to a close. Native America Calling: Is there any hope Kansas City will change its NFL team name? Kansas City’s NFL team has weathered sustained pressure over its mascot and offensive behavior at games. Will it ever change? Tribes taken Biden administration to court over $4 billion energy project The Biden administration’s renewable energy agenda is being tested in court with a lawsuit from tribes opposed to a $4 billion development that runs through their homelands. Ute Tribe bars non-members from hunting and fishing on reservation The Ute Tribe is banning non-members from engaging in hunting, fishing and other outdoor recreational activities on its lands in Utah. Native America Calling: In the rush to build green energy, tribes sometimes lose Tribal cultural resources are being threatened by growing demand for renewable energy projects. Montana Free Press: Input sought on reintroduction of grizzly bears The public, states, tribes, the scientific community and other stakeholders are invited to weigh in on a grizzly bear reintroduction plan. Cronkite News: Arizona a battleground for reproductive rights In the 51 years since the U.S. Supreme Court recognized – and then reversed – federal abortion protections, advocates and opponents have fought constantly over reproductive rights. Osage Nation celebrates historic Oscar nominations The Osage Nation is celebrating a major milestone for a film that shares an otherwise difficult time in the tribe’s history. Native America Calling: Telling Native stories with printmaking Artists like Fritz Scholder and T.C. Cannon are among the masters who inspired new generations of Native artists to express their stories and images through printmaking. New leadership named at New Mexico Indian Affairs Department The New Mexico Indian Affairs Department has entered the new year with new leadership following controversy in 2023. Deadline extended for Tribal Broadband Connectivity Program Tribes and Native entities have more time to submit applications for the Tribal Broadband Connectivity Program, a national initiative to improve high-speed internet access on Native lands. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation invests in food security Cherokee Nation is working toward the day when no child ever has to wonder where their next meal is coming from, and no parent ever has to worry that they can’t provide healthy nutrition for their kids. Cronkite News: Supreme Court takes up yet another self-determination funding case The U.S. Supreme Court will decide whether the federal government continues to shortchange tribes when it comes to funding health care contracts. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Last call for #NAFOA2024 Session Proposals! Stateline: Tribes tackle broadband disparities in Indian Country In 2020, more than 18% of people on tribal lands lacked access to broadband, compared with about 4% in non-tribal areas. Seth Tupper: Medals still on the books for slaughter of Lakota people “I have never heard of a more brutal, cold-blooded massacre than at Wounded Knee,” an Army general wrote of the killings of more than 400 Lakota people on December 29, 1890. Native America Calling: Help for unsheltered relatives at a crossroads As dangerously bitter winter weather takes hold of the country, efforts to help unsheltered Native people face closure. Source New Mexico: Congress averts shutdown with short-term spending bill Congress will have until early March to finish work it was supposed to complete last fall under a bill approved with broad bipartisan support. Montana Free Press: Plans call for more solar development on public lands The federal government is soliciting input on a plan to open public lands to new solar projects. Cronkite News: Native veterans travel far for services and benefits The president of the Navajo Nation is calling on the federal government to open a full-service veterans medical center to the reservation. Native America Calling: Breakthroughs and barriers for new diabetes treatments It there a disparity when it comes to viable treatments for diabetes among Native people? Republican bill brings firearms debate to Indian Country A Republican-led bill to ensure tribal identification cards can be used to purchase guns is moving forward despite little debate. Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community elects new council members The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community announced the election of three new council members, including a new chair. Cronkite News: Projects document Indian boarding school experience A national oral history project aims to document the experiences of Indigenous children who attended federal boarding schools. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with Daniel Wildcat Author, historian and Haskell Indian Nations University professor Daniel Wildcat believes in the power of Indigenous knowledge to counter big problems. HHS Small Ambulatory Program Awards $55 Million to 15 Tribes and Tribal Organizations (Indian Health Service) The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, through the Indian Health Service (IHS), awards $55 million in funding to 15 tribes and tribal organizations as part of the competitive Small Ambulatory Program. Winnebago Tribe sues for return of children buried at Indian boarding school The Winnebago Tribe is suing the federal government to recover the remains of two children who died at the Carlisle Indian Industrial School. Native America Calling: A first for tribal justice in Virginia The Upper Mattaponi Tribe has reached a major milestone toward solidifying its federally recognized status. House committee schedules markup on Indian Country bills The House Committee on Natural Resources is hosting a markup to advance two bills of interest in Indian Country. Wes Studi explores family history on ‘Finding Your Roots’ Award-winning Cherokee actor Wes Studi is making history as the first Native person to appear on the long-running PBS television series Finding Your Roots. Cronkite News: Tribes welcome new and upgraded health care facilities Three new and upgraded health facilities recently opened in Arizona to provide Native people with better access to health care, and more are in the works. MSU News: Chippewa Cree student persists and graduates with degree in education “It’s been a long journey,” said Georgeline Morsette, a citizen of the Chippewa Cree Tribe. “I’m really glad to be at this point.” NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA supports its member tribes – join the growing community! Native America Calling: The road to healing the Fort Robinson Massacre In January 1879, U.S. soldiers hunted down and killed Northern Cheyenne men, women and children who attempted to escape unbearable conditions at Fort Robinson in Nebraska. Montana Free Press: Racist group spreads hate messages on college campus Stickers and fliers linked to a white nationalist group surfaced on the Montana State University campus, the latest in a wave of such activity across the state. Indian Health Service Announces New Deputy Director for Quality Health Care and Enterprise Risk Management (Indian Health Service) The Indian Health Service announces the appointment of Michelle Boylan, RN, MA, MBA, CPHQ, as the new deputy director for quality healthcare and enterprise risk management. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation honors vision and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. As we come together this Martin Luther King Jr. Day, I hope we can all reflect on his life and ideals. Cronkite News: Water project on Navajo Nation sees controversy When Adrian Herder saw the plans for a hydropower project on the Navajo Nation, he was shocked by the “outrageous” amounts of water the project would reportedly use. Native America Calling: Remembering civil rights pioneer Hank Adams Join Native America Calling to remember the civil rights champion Hank Adams. Native America Calling: Echo series brings new Native superhero to living rooms Villain-turned-superhero Echo is now streaming on Disney+, giving audiences their first series featuring a Native comic character. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation exercises sovereignty with cross-deputization agreements Cross-deputization helps solve the great challenge of multiple law enforcement agencies exercising their respective authority over the same geographic area. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation on path to criminal justice reform When the U.S. Supreme Court reaffirmed tribal jurisdiction over our reservations in eastern Oklahoma, Cherokee Nation was quick to push forward with a transformative vision for our criminal justice system. Native America Calling: The next generation of Indigenous fire practitioners The increase in unprecedented damage from wildfires knows no boundaries and international Indigenous fire management experts see global participation as a solution. Native America Calling: The year in Native music What music from 2023 is on repeat in your Native playlist? Cronkite News: Non-profit takes Native approach to diabetes Native Americans for Community Action provides health services primarily to Native people, on and off reservation, in Arizona. Native America Calling: Science meets tribal knowledge on the Northern Lights The northern lights are a cultural touchstone, handed down over millennia among Native peoples. Native America Calling: Native voting access Tribes are facing new challenges as they seek to protect Native voter access at the polls. Native America Calling: Developing new fluent Cherokee speakers An extensive network of programs is seeking to develop new fluent Cherokee speakers on tribal homelands in North Carolina. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation invests in cancer care Each year, there are nearly 400 cancer cases within the Cherokee Nation health system, and nationwide, American Indians have some of the lowest cancer survival rates. Native America Calling: The Year in Pop Culture Tune in as Native America Calling recalls the highlights of the Native stories that connected with audiences in 2023. Native America Calling: What can federal investment in food sovereignty accomplish? The Biden administration just announced more than $4.3 million in funding to bolster meat processing in Indian Country. VIDEO: Secretary Deb Haaland at White House Tribal Nations Summit Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland delivers remarks at the White House Tribal Nations Summit on December 6, 2023. VIDEO: Chevak Dance Group at White House Tribal Nations Summit The Chevak Dance Group performs at the White House Tribal Nations Summit on December 6, 2023. VIDEO: President Joe Biden at White House Tribal Nations Summit President Joe Biden delivers remarks at the White House Tribal Nations Summit on December 6, 2023. VIDEO: Vice President Kamala Harris at White House Tribal Nations Summit Vice President Kamala Harris delivers remarks at the White House Tribal Nations Summit on December 6, 2023. VIDEO: Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack at White House Tribal Nations Summit Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack delivers remarks at the White House Tribal Nations Summit on December 6, 2023. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation nurtures Native-owned businesses Like many tribes, the Cherokee Nation operates a Tribal Employment Rights Office program to prioritize contracting with businesses that are owned by and employ Native people. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week It’s the last week for 50% off NAFOA’s Grants Management program. Sign up today! Native America Calling: Assessing the White House Tribal Nations Summit In the wake of the White House Tribal Nations Summit, Native America Calling talks with tribal leaders about the Biden administration’s track record. Gaylord News: Biden administration hosts White House Tribal Nations Summit President Joe Biden is vowing to strengthen relationships with tribal nations and advance tribal sovereignty and self-determination. Kaiser Health News: Food sovereignty movement grows in Montana Behind American Indian Hall on the Montana State University campus, ancient life is growing. Montana Free Press: County in dark after end of tribal law enforcement agreement So far, the Montana governor’s office has not said how the state plans to handle law enforcement duties on the Flathead Reservation. Puyallup Tribe announces $600,000 in donations to organizations The Puyallup Tribe announced $600,000 in donations to local organizations in Washington state. Native America Calling: The Barbie Mankiller Controversy Join the conversation as Native America Calling dives into the controversy over the Wilma Mankiller Barbie doll. Native America Calling: Native volleyball is a fan favorite For fans and Native communities, volleyball matches and tournaments are sometimes as popular as football and basketball. ‘Keep your promise’: Coquille Tribe still waiting on restoration of homelands The Biden administration is promising to make it easier for tribes to restore their homelands and for one Indian nation in the Pacific Northwest, the initiative couldn’t come soon enough. Secretary Haaland opens third annual White House Tribal Nations Summit Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland delivers remarks at the opening of the third annual White House Tribal Nations Summit. Department of Agriculture announces inaugural Tribal Advisory Committee The U.S. Department of Agriculture is finally launching its Tribal Advisory Committee. Native America Calling: New comedians on the block Native stand-up comics are finally getting more recognition for their humor. So tune into Native America Calling for some laughs! Native America Calling: Making holiday food gatherings safe It’s that time of year when we gather around the table to share a holiday dinner with family and friends for harvest feasts and winter community meals. White House Tribal Nations Summit kicks off without Secretary Haaland President Joe Biden is hosting the White House Tribal Nations Summit this week but a key member of his team won’t be there in person. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation holds U.S. accountable for its trust obligations The White House Tribal Nations Summit is a testament to our government-to-government relationship with the United States. Seneca Nation signs extension of Class III gaming compact with New York The Seneca Nation and the State of New York will continue negotiations on a long-term Class III gaming agreement. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Make your gift count today! Support NAFOA’s young leaders. Native America Calling: The Native role in America’s War of Independence The American Revolution is mostly portrayed as an epic struggle between the colonies and the British. But Indians nations also played a role. Native America Calling: A Native food memoir and tribal buffalo management The memoir of the late educator, writer and artist Thomas Pecore Weso was just published. Join the conversation on Native America Calling. Indian Child Welfare Act grants awarded for off-reservation programs The Bureau of Indian Affairs announced nearly $2 million in grants to support the Indian Child Welfare Act in off-reservation communities across the nation. Native Art Market returns to National Museum of the American Indian The National Museum of the American Indian is hosting more than 50 Native and Indigenous artists at an annual holiday market. Native America Calling: Tribal museums make a difference Tribal museums are on the forefront of representing Native culture and information accurately and effectively. Oklahoma Voice: Tribal leaders left out of Republican governor’s event Oklahoma Gov. Kevin Stitt (R) hosted several dozen tribal citizens at a special event to celebrate and honor Native heritage and families. Native America Calling: The 2023 Indigenous MacArthur Fellows This year’s class of MacArthur Fellows includes three creative leaders from Native America. The Conversation: Thanksgiving stories ignore history of colonization on Native lands Too often, K-12 social studies classes in the U.S. teach a mostly glossed-over story of U.S. settlement. San Manuel Band donates $1 million to non-profits on Giving Tuesday The San Manuel Band of Mission Indians announced $1 million in donations to 10 non-profit organizations across the nation. Montana Free Press: County withdraws from tribal law enforcement agreement A Montana county is pulling out of a decades-old agreement after saying it can no longer afford the costs of law enforcement on the Flathead Reservation. Cronkite News: Native youth come together for annual White House Forum The third annual White House Tribal Youth Forum brought more than 100 Native and indigenous youth together to share information on the issues affecting their communities. Native America Calling: Igloos and traditional winter homes Join Native America Calling to talk with traditional builders who carry on igloo and winter house building. OJ and Barb Semans: Indigenous people of this country understand suffering Since Columbus arrived in 1492, we have been struggling to protect our communities, our way of life and Mother Earth. Tom Cole: Promoting tribal sovereignty and self-determination in Congress As the longest serving Native American in the U.S. House of Representatives, the privilege and honor it is to represent the interests of tribes in Congress is certainly not lost on me. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Submit your nominations for NAFOA’s 16th Annual Leadership Awards. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with Tescha Hawley Tescha Hawley’s breast cancer diagnosis started both a harrowing personal journey to fight the disease and the inspiring effort to help others facing similar health obstacles. VIDEO: Navajo Nation President Buu Nygren at National Congress of American Indians Navajo Nation President Buu Nygren addresses the National Congress of American Indians on November 13, 2023. Native America Calling: Colonization and the Wampanoag Story by Linda Coombs The full picture of how the earliest colonists interacted with Native people is clouded by the myths constructed by those writing history. Native America Calling: The disparities facing South Dakota’s Native foster children Nearly three quarters of the children in South Dakota’s foster care system are Native. Native America Calling: The trouble finding safe drinking water There is no more basic need than clean drinking water. That’s a need that the Santee Sioux Nation in Nebraska has been lacking since 2019. ‘We need to do some healing’: New leader of National Congress of American Indians vows unity The new leader of the nation’s largest inter-tribal advocacy organization is calling for unity and healing following a well-attended but sometimes contentious meeting. VIDEO: Mark Macarro delivers first speech as president of National Congress of American Indians Mark Macarro delivers his first speech as the newly-elected president of the National Congress of American Indians. VIDEO: Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Bryan Newland addresses National Congress of American Indians Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Bryan Newland addresses the National Congress of American Indians on November 13, 2023. VIDEO: Sara Hill testifies as first Native judicial nominee in Oklahoma Sara Hill, a citizen of the Cherokee Nation, testifies at her nomination hearing to be a federal judge on November 15, 2023. AUDIO: Senate Committee on the Judiciary takes up nominees The Senate Committee on the Judiciary takes up three nominations, including that of Sara Hill, at a hearing on November 15, 2023. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation advances economic and trade priorities on global scale Cherokees have always creatively pursued economic partnerships, from our first trade treaties to our modern international business operations. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Do you love the NAFOA newsletter? Forward it to a friend! Native America Calling: Building competition robots also builds STEM skills Teams of Native junior and high school students are competing to build the best robots. Native America Calling: NMAI’s Native Cinema Showcase online This year, the Native Cinema Showcase at the National Museum of the American Indian features 35 films from six different countries. National Congress of American Indian draws huge crowd for annual convention The nation’s largest inter-tribal advocacy organization is at a major crossroads as it celebrates a milestone anniversary. Native America Calling: Tribes join the fight against fatal deer disease Tribes are working to reduce the spread of chronic wasting disease, a fatal neurological disorder that affects deer, elk, and other big game animals. Native America Calling: The fight for pre-K education programs As Head Start approaches its 60th year, federal funding for the pre-kindergarten program remains well short of the need in Indian Country and beyond. Native America Calling: When to know it’s time to re-brand After reaching out to Cherokee leaders and citizens, the museum on the home of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians re-launched with a new name and purpose. National Congress of American Indians kicks off milestone convention The nation’s largest inter-tribal advocacy organization is marking a milestone event with an election of new leaders and debate on a controversial issue. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation calls for change at National Congress of American Indians A state-recognized tribe is not an Indian tribe. And a member of one of these groups is not an Indian. Native America Calling: State recognition roadblocks for tribes Is the state of Louisiana making it more difficult for local groups to gain state recognition? Check in with Native America Calling. Native America Calling: Celebrating Native veterans Parades and powwows are gearing up to honor Native veterans around the country. Native America Calling: The Native perspectives of the Israel-Hamas war Native activists are speaking out in solidarity with Palestine as the United States supports Israel’s right to defend itself. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs Oversight Hearing titled, “Fentanyl in Native Communities: Native Perspectives on Addressing the Growing Crisis” The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hosts an oversight hearing titled, “Fentanyl in Native Communities: Native Perspectives on Addressing the Growing Crisis” on November 8, 2023. Cherokee leader Wilma Mankiller joins ‘Inspiring Women’ lineup at Barbie dolls Wilma Mankiller, who was the first woman to lead the Cherokee Nation, is once again making history, this time on toy shelves. Native America Calling: Buffy Sainte-Marie and the weight of the truth Buffy Sainte-Marie’s stated connections to any tribe in Canada or the United States appear to be completely made up. What’s next? Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation calls on Congress to renew Special Diabetes Program for Indians With more than 11,000 active patients, Cherokee Nation operates the country’s largest Special Diabetes Program for Indians. Tom Cole: Getting back to work on Capitol Hill after chaos With only eight weeks left in the year, members of Congress certainly have our work cut out for us. Institute of American Indian Arts hosts holiday art market The Institute of American Indian Arts is getting ready for its 2023 holiday art market in Santa Fe, New Mexico. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Eleven days left until appropriations funding runs out for Indian Country programs. Native America Calling: Tribes resolve land dispute 150 years in the making “This victory is long overdue,” lead plaintiff Leslie Wilkie Peltier (Turtle Mountain Chippewa) said of a $59 million trust settlement with the United States. Cronkite News: Prescribed burn projects protect federal forest lands Through the Inflation Reduction Act, the U.S. Forest Service will receive $5 billion over 10 years, including $1.8 billion that will be used to increase forest treatments in Western states. ‘Not One More’: Commission delivers report on missing, murdered and trafficked in Indian Country A national commission of federal and tribal experts is calling for a “Decade of Action and Healing” to help address the crisis of missing, murdered and trafficked people in Indian Country. Google Doodle celebrates legacy of Apache artist Allan Haozous The work of the legendary Apache artist Allan Haozous (Houser) is being honored as search engine giant Google celebrates Native American Heritage Month. Native America Calling: The next generation of Indigenous fire practitioners The increase in unprecedented damage from wildfires knows no boundaries and international Indigenous fire management experts see global participation as a solution. Cronkite News: Tohono O’odham Nation criticizes border wall construction The leader of the Tohono O’odham said construction of a border wall on his tribe’s territory has caused irreversible damage. Native America Calling: Alaska at a subsistence fishing crossroads Since time immemorial, the Kuskokwim River in Alaska has fed Native families. But years of failed salmon runs are threatening their lives and livelihoods. Republican lawmaker criticized for deriding GOP colleagues as ‘wild Indians’ The National Congress of American Indians is speaking out after a Republican lawmaker made derogatory remarks about Native people. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs heads to Alaska The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is heading to Alaska for a field hearing and listening session. Native America Calling: The challenges of enforcing the Indian Child Welfare Act A non-Native in Alaska refuses to abide by a tribal court order to turn a Native foster child over to the girl’s family members. Cronkite News: Tribes share frustrations with infrastructure funding Promises of federal funding remain just that – promises – for smaller tribes for whom the money is inaccessible because of bureaucratic and financial hurdles. MSU News: Event celebrates Native American Heritage Month Montana State University will host an Indigenous storytelling event focused on the role horse painting has historically played for tribes. Native America Calling: Indigenous creepy reads on the bookshelf You never know what spirits you might summon when you whistle in the darkness. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation proud of historic judicial nominee Sara Hill’s nomination is exciting for Cherokee Nation and all of Indian Country, and not only because it is a historic milestone. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Boo — only 18 days until funding for Indian Country programs runs out. Native America Calling: A new cookbook, fresh food and NFL eats What’s on The Menu at Native America Calling? A new cookbook, a new cafe and a new spotlight on a catering business. ‘I don’t know where I’m from’: Buffy Sainte-Marie still in doubt about origins in new statement Celebrated singer and songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie is still in doubt about her origins in a new statement issued in advance of a Canadian documentary that explores her ever-shifting Native identity claims. Canadian documentary focuses on ‘Icon’ who based career on Native identity A Canadian news documentary focuses on the Native identity claims of one of the most celebrated performers in entertainment history. Tohono O’odham Nation issues missing person alerts for two men The Tohono O’odham Nation issued missing persons bulletins for two tribal citizens who were last seen at the Arizona State Fair. Native America Calling: The Louisiana Purchase and its legacy on Native peoples The Louisiana Purchase ushered in Manifest Destiny, the Indian Removal Act and other actions that favored European settlement at the expense of Native peoples. Native America Calling: PBS series ‘Native America’ launches new season Space explorers, hip-hop musicians, artists, and housing activists are among the diverse list of characters who make up season two of the PBS series “Native America.” Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation enters historic partnership for veterans health care We believe that access to the best care possible is a right, not a privilege, and we especially want to make this a reality for the men and women who have bravely served our country. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Did you know you can feature your job in the NAFOA newsletter and on the NAFOA website? Native America Calling: Historic broadband investment in Indian Country Tribes are getting their applications in for funds from the second round of the Tribal Broadband Connectivity Program. Native America Calling: Defending against the war on books by Native authors Teachers, librarians, authors, and literary advocates are struggling to keep books about Native issues in public classrooms and libraries. Cronkite News: Republican lawmaker from Arizona won’t run again Declaring Washington “broken,” four-term Rep. Debbie Lesko (R-Arizona) made the surprise announcement that she will not seek reelection in 2024. Cherokee Nation attorney makes history as first Native judicial nominee in Oklahoma Sara E. Hill, the former attorney general of the Cherokee Nation, is making history as a nominee to the federal bench. Picayune Rancheria raises funds at Suicide Awareness Benefit Gala The Picayune Rancheria of the Chukchansi Indians is donating more than $15,000 to support the Fresno American Indian Health Project and the Fresno Veterans Administration Medical Center. Native America Calling: Fixing the shortage of medical professionals Native physicians and public health advocates are looking at ways to recruit more medical professionals and train them on culturally-grounded methods to help improve Native patient outcomes. Department of Education awards more than $10 million in Native education grants The Department of Education has awarded more than $10 million in grants to support Native languages, Native teachers and Native students. Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe breaks ground on first housing project on reacquired treaty lands The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe is making history with a new housing project in the state of New York. ProPublica: History repeats itself with state opposition to tribal water rights Government records shed new light on how state opposition hindered tribes from claiming their rightful shares of the Colorado River. Montana Free Press: ICT debuts Native news bureau in Montana The nonprofit ICT opened a news bureau in Montana in 2023 to focus on Native issues. The Conversation: Mohawk Mothers keep fighting to protect lost children Debates over what “mapping” means show how Indigenous communities still have to advocate for and defend their cartographic methods in order to uphold their connections to the land. Native America Calling: The making of “The American Buffalo” A new PBS documentary called “The American Buffalo” chronicles the history of the buffalo – from its sacred connection to tribes to its almost complete demise. Cronkite News: New regulations expand access to contraceptives in Arizona Arizona regulators have finalized long-awaited rules that allow expanded access to over-the-counter hormonal contraceptives for women over age 18 in the state. Former Navajo Nation president Jonathan Nez launches bid for Congress Jonathan Nez, a former president of the Navajo Nation, is running for Congress in one of the most Native-populated districts in the United States. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation renews commitment to language revitalization Language has always been essential to our culture as Cherokee people, as it serves as the unbroken chain connecting us to our ancestors. Coalition of Large Tribes hosts MMIP training session The Coalition of Large Tribes is hosting a training session to address the crisis of missing and murdered Indigenous people. Source New Mexico: Shooter remains behind bars pending trial in hate crime case A New Mexico man is accused of a near fatal shooting and an assault at a Native-led protest on Pueblo homelands. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week We’re already looking forward to the next conference. Be sure to save the date! Native America Calling: Native student discipline disparities More teachers and administrators are turning to trauma-informed practices in the classroom. Cronkite News: Water catchments bring life to wildlife in Arizona At the center of all life is water. But, for wildlife in the hot deserts of Arizona, finding it isn’t so easy. Native America Calling: Tribal traditions and the eclipse Join Native America Calling to shine a light on some of the tribal traditions surrounding the partial solar eclipse. Few states make the grade when it comes to tribal inclusion in voting maps Tribes must be included “from the very beginning” of the redistricting process in order to ensure American Indian and Alaska Native voices are heard at the polls. Native America Calling: Tackling the Native language reading and writing hurdle Speaking a Native language is one thing. Reading and writing it often takes another level of effort. Cronkite News: Millions of Americans lose Medicaid insurance due to ‘unwinding’ For the past six months, the nation has been undergoing an “unwinding,” as millions of Americans who were enrolled in Medicaid during COVID-19 are being disenrolled. DVIDS: Tribes reclaim children lost at Carlisle Indian boarding school The U.S. Army finalized its sixth disinterment project, returning four Native children to their families. Albert Bender: Film follows Native woman’s road trip into ‘The Unknown Country’ In “The Unknown Country,” starring Lily Gladstone, a young Native woman goes on a thought-provoking road trip. Native America Calling: Native domestic violence spotlight October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. It’s also the 29th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act. Report confirms slow progress on repatriation of ancestors and sacred items It’s been more than 30 years since the passage of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act and federal agencies and museums are still far behind in complying with NAGPRA. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Every day is Indigenous Peoples’ Day. Native America Calling: Native climate warriors turn to the courts Young climate activists are zeroing in on environmental protections built into a handful of state constitutions as the basis for lawsuits to combat climate change. Cronkite News: President Biden can’t stop construction of border wall project President Joe Biden says his administration has no choice but to allow federal funds to be used for a project along the U.S. border with Mexico. News21: States rein in powers of prosecutors when it comes to reproductive rights “There is now a playbook where the authority is going to continue to be whittled away,” a state prosecutor said of new restrictions on prosecutorial discretion. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works to empower every tribal citizen Together, I know we can build a future where every Cherokee Nation citizen can thrive and contribute to the legacy of our tribe. President Biden issues another proclamation for Indigenous Peoples’ Day President Joe Biden has another proclamation for Indigenous Peoples’ Day, the third of his administration. Pokagon Band calls on school district to eliminate ‘Chieftains’ imagery As communities across the nation celebrate Indigenous Peoples’ Day, the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians is calling on a school district in Michigan to get rid of its supposedly Native imagery. Tribes eligible for opioid overdose emergency treatment medication as part of settlement Tribes have until October 15 to secure free opioid overdose emergency treatment medication for their communities. Lac Courte Oreilles Band reports rise in gang activity among youth The Lac Courte Oreilles Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians is adopting a no tolerance policy amid a reported rise in gang activity among youth. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with John Echohawk Attorney John Echohawk (Pawnee) is among those who initiated and nurtured the most important Indian law cases in modern history. Pueblo leaders condemn shooting and call for consultation on colonial monument Leaders of New Mexico’s Pueblo tribes are speaking out following the near deadly shooting of a Native activist on their homelands. ‘A case of injustice’: Members of Congress call for release of imprisoned activist Leonard Peltier Nearly three dozens members of the U.S. Congress are calling on President Joe Biden to release American Indian Movement activist Leonard Peltier from prison. Native America Calling: The growing strength of Native women in news Once virtually absent in mainstream newsrooms, Native women are reporting on hard-hitting political issues and are often driving the narrative on issues important for all Native people. Cronkite News: Landfill fire put out on Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community A fire that broke out at a landfill on the Salt River Reservation had been reduced to a smolder earlier this week. Cronkite News: Republican revolt leads to ouster of Speaker of the House For the first time in history, a Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives has been removed from the leadership post — a move led by members of his own party. Native America Calling: New respect for traditional Indigenous tattoos Basket designs, rug patterns, tribal images and corn illustrations are all among the graphics many Indigenous tattoo wearers display. Man accused in near fatal shooting of Native activist remains in detention A man accused of shooting a Native activist remains behind bars after his attempted murder case was suddenly transferred to a new court in New Mexico. Family of activist Jacob Johns releases statement about shooting A Native activist is hospitalized in critical but stable condition following a near deadly shooting that has attracted worldwide attention. Jennifer Denetdale: Four centuries of state sanctioned terror against Indigenous peoples The shooting of Jacob Johns is yet another act of terror that Indigenous people who live in New Mexico must navigate every day. Native America Calling: The hit-and-miss progress of tribal cannabis sales Citizens of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians overwhelmingly voted in favor of allowing recreational cannabis use on the tribe’s reservation. What happens next? Native America Calling: Worries rise over latest violence at protests Join Native America Calling to hear from activists about the growing challenges to peaceful protests over racial issues. ‘A premeditated act of violence’: Red Nation calls for safety after racist attack in New Mexico The Red Nation is calling for safety following a racist shooting that has resulted in attempted murder and aggravated assault charges in New Mexico. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation an integral part of Oklahoma’s history Tribal nations stand ready to continue our legacy of making Oklahoma vibrant and strong. National Congress of American Indians hires Geoffrey Blackwell for key role The National Congress of American Indians, the nation’s largest inter-tribal advocacy organization, has a new general counsel and a new chief of staff. Cronkite News: Native women continue to push for action on missing and murdered relatives “What we need is real action. And that means boots on the ground, and that means real money to address this crisis,” said MMIW advocate Justine Rufus. Laphonza Butler named to U.S. Senate seat following passing of Dianne Feinstein Laphonza Butler, the president of the well-known EMILY’s List voting group, will serve out the remainder of the U.S. Senate term of the late Dianne Feinstein. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week It’s #NAFOAFall23 Week! More than 800 tribal leaders, financial professionals, and industry experts are in attendance in Arizona. Native America Calling: Remembering Native hockey legend Henry Boucha Henry Boucha (Ojibwe) served as an inspiration for many Native hockey athletes and fans. He passed away on September 18, 2023, at the age of 72. Man in ‘Make America Great Again’ hat charged with attempted murder of Native activist Racist violence reared its ugly head again when a Native man was shot on Pueblo homelands during a peaceful protest against colonization in northern New Mexico. Native America Calling: Farewell to Reservation Dogs After three seasons, the hit FX series Reservation Dogs has come to an end. Cronkite News: Senate committee looks at water in Indian Country The Navajo Nation Council is 100 years old this year – and the Navajo Nation’s fight for water access has been going on for at least that long. Native America Calling: Native baby food and a new Native cookbook Native baby food, a new Native cookbook and Hispanic heritage are on The Menu. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing on ‘Water as a Trust Resource’ The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs holds an oversight hearing on water in Native communities on September 27, 2023. ‘Your debt is due’: Tribes on alert as U.S. government looms toward shutdown Indian Country is on high alert as the U.S. government prepares for a possible shutdown, the first of its kind in more than three years. People’s World: Film shares story of theft of Black Hills from Lakota Nation In the U.S. government’s long record of broken treaties, land theft, and genocide, the taking of the Black Hills ranks as one of the most disgraceful examples of imperial aggression. Native America Calling: Troubling trends: government shutdown and COVID-19 A coalition of tribal organizations is warning about the potential damage of a federal government shutdown to tribal citizens. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation committed to freedom of the press Cherokee leaders throughout history have known that informed citizens are the backbone of our thriving democracy. Tom Cole: Mental health must be our nation’s priority Our country must address the mental health crisis and improve access to suicide and crisis intervention services to prevent death and injury from suicide attempts. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week The government may be shutting down, but NOT #NAFOAFall23! Native America Calling: How the Pontiac rebellion changed history Native America Calling will recount how Chief Pontiac and his allies changed the direction of colonial expansion 260 years ago. Cronkite News: Republicans lead U.S. government into another shutdown Two Arizona lawmakers were among five Republicans who broke ranks and voted to block a defense authorization bill, the latest twist in a budget fight that could cause a government shutdown. Native America Calling: The scope of the massive Arizona Medicaid scam expands Join Native America Calling to find out the latest on the efforts to help the Native people harmed by a massive Medicaid scam in Arizona. Criminal charges announced in Indigenous identity fraud case Criminal charges have been laid against three family members who lied about being indigenous for personal and monetary gain. Moment of silence for Eugene “Buzzy” Peltola The House Committee on Natural Resources observes a moment of silence for Eugene “Buzzy” Peltola, the late spouse of Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska). Cronkite News: Senate committee takes up water infrastructure in Indian Country The infusion of federal money for infrastructure projects is only a first step toward fixing deep problems with water systems on tribal lands. Native America Calling: Growing recognition to change offensive place names Until this month, one of Colorado’s highest peaks was named for the former state governor who fostered and supported the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864. Native America Calling: Maui fire response turns to healing, rebuilding Native America Calling checks in with the rebuilding effort in Hawaii following disastrous fires on Maui. H.R.663, Native American Child Protection Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.663, the Native American Child Protection Act, on September 18, 2023. H.R.3371, Wounded Knee Massacre Memorial and Sacred Site Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.3371, the Wounded Knee Massacre Memorial and Sacred Site Act, on September 18, 2023. Native America Calling: Finding suicide intervention that works The newest survey from the Pew Charitable Trusts concludes suicide is an urgent public health issue — especially among Native people. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation holds United States to its promises A top priority throughout my administration has been holding the federal government to its promises to the Cherokee Nation. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week The countdown to #NAFOAFall23 is on! Native America Calling: Is the end of federal support for Native businesses in sight? The U.S. Supreme Court ruling denying race-conscious college admissions has Native business owners on alert. Native America Calling: Imagining Indigenous futures in art The Center for Native Futures is opening in the heart of downtown Chicago, providing a new home for contemporary Native artists. Self-proclaimed Native Republican sentenced to prison for U.S. Capitol attack In a court filing, U.S. Capitol breach defendant Jorge Aaron Riley finally admitted he knows little to nothing about his supposed “American Indian” heritage. Diabetes program for Indian Country set to lose funds again The Special Diabetes Program for Indians is about to run out of money, again, despite helping address high rates of the disease. Secretary Haaland announces $3.5 million in grants for Indian Youth Service Corps The first-ever grants for the Indian Youth Service Corps (IYSC), a new program at the Department of the Interior, have been announced. Montana Free Press: Blackfeet Nation protects sacred area from drilling A settlement agreement with the Blackfeet Nation marks the end of a 40-year energy development fight in a sacred area of Montana. Native America Calling: Biden’s recent climate change actions in Alaska and California The cancellation of oil leases in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is renewing political clashes among Native people in Alaska. Spouse of Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska) passes away in plane accident The spouse of Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska), the first Alaska Native to serve in the U.S. Congress, died in a plane accident in the couple’s home state of Alaska. Native America Calling: The new approach to high school sports injuries As fall seasons get underway, Native trainers are responding to new awareness of the dangers of life-long injuries from high school sports. Native America Calling: Maui fire response turns to healing, rebuilding Native America Calling checks in with the rebuilding effort in Hawaii following disastrous fires on Maui. ‘Release Leonard Now’: Rally demands President Biden free imprisoned American Indian Movement activist A large crowd rallied outside the White House, calling on President Joe Biden to free imprisoned American Indian Movement activist Leonard Peltier. ‘He’s my brother’: Suzan Harjo at White House Rally for Leonard Peltier Suzan Harjo, a citizen of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes, speaks at a rally in support of imprisoned American Indian Movement activist Leonard Peltier. ‘We are still here’: Holly Cook Macarro at White House Rally for Leonard Peltier Holly Cook Macarro, a citizen of the Red Lake Nation, speaks at a rally in support of imprisoned American Indian Movement activist Leonard Peltier. ‘Free Leonard Now’: Fawn Sharp at White House Rally for Leonard Peltier Fawn Sharp, the president of the National Congress of American Indians, speaks at a rally in support of imprisoned American Indian Movement activist Leonard Peltier. Native America Calling: Land Back victories There’s a trend among governments, organizations, and individuals facilitating the return of important lands to tribal control. Indian Market offers a new message of gratitude to controversial energy industry sponsor The organizer of the Santa Fe Indian Market is once again thanking a sponsor of the popular event amid ongoing controversy over the involvement of one of the world’s largest energy companies. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Did you know NAFOA has a jobs board? Submit a posting! Native America Calling: Reclaiming control of Native trails Many of the trails and byways established by Native people were used for centuries, evolving into today’s highways. Indian Market sponsorship draws criticism for ties to energy industry The organization that puts on the largest juried Indian art market in the world continues to face criticism on social media after thanking a sponsor of the popular event. Native America Calling: Holes in the food safety net Native families have been hit hardest by a loss in funds for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly known as SNAP. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week A new season brings new updates for Indian Country. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with Frank Buffalo Hyde Onondaga painter Frank Buffalo Hyde’s work meshes Native themes with pop culture images, such as sports mascots, corporate logos, celebrities, and fast food. Navajo Nation lawmakers weigh repeal of ‘discriminatory’ marriage law A bill being considered in the Navajo Nation Council repeals the Dine Marriage Act, the controversial tribal law that bars recognition of same-sex unions on the reservation. Native America Calling: Native Bookshelf with Angeline Boulley Where else can you get a young adult mystery and a lesson in the Native American Graves Protection Act but from a Native author? Native America Calling: Remembering Ada Deer Join Native America Calling in remembrance of Ada Deer, a trailblazer from the Menominee Nation who was the first woman to serve as Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs. Native America Calling: Farm-to-school success and a former chef’s new book on The Menu Native youth are taking control of their health with a new farm. Plus a new book! See what’s on The Menu. Indian Arts and Crafts Board welcomes new member with law enforcement background The Indian Arts and Crafts Board, the federal agency charged with protecting and promoting authentic Native art, is welcoming a new member. Native America Calling: Native innovations in hip-hop’s enduring art form As fans mark the 50th anniversary of the birth of hip-hop, Native America Calling looks at on contributions by Native artists. Native America Calling: Big changes ahead for Native Medicaid recipients It’s called the “Unwinding.” Native people will be losing Medicaid coverage, as a pandemic-era safety net is expiring. ‘You’re trespassing on tribal lands’: Outsiders block reservation highway during busy Burning Man festival The Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe is speaking out after a viral video showed outsiders being removed from a highway in an incident that took place during one of the busiest times on the reservation. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works for the common good of gadugi Gadugi Corps is part of our commitment to build our tribal nation from the grassroots up and make sure every Cherokee can find a way to give back to their people. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Summer is ending soon. Have you registered for the Fall Conference? Native America Calling: Disasters at every turn As the hottest summer on record winds down, join Native America Calling to get an assessment of what Native emergency management officials view as the path ahead. Native America Calling: Kickoff for Pathways Indigenous Arts Festival New Mexico is the center of arts celebrations this weekend, starting with the music, art, fashion, dances, and panel discussions at the Pueblo of Pojoaque. Pokagon Band welcomes new council members The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians held a swearing-in ceremony for four new members of its tribal council. DVIDS: Lower Brule Sioux Tribe protects homelands from climate change The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Omaha District recently completed an $11.6 million project in partnership with the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe to address erosion of shoreline banks. Native America Calling: Hawaiian residents take stock after historic fire The unprecedented fires on Maui have impacted Native Hawaiian history, language and culture. Crow artist Wendy Red Star set for historic debut on National Mall An artist from the Crow Tribe is making history with a groundbreaking exhibition in the nation’s capital. Native America Calling: How tribes brought about a historic dam removal The largest dam removal project in U.S. history is taking place in the Klamath River basin. Tribes were instrumental in making it happen. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation continues path of progress For the past four years, I have been honored to serve as Principal Chief of the great Cherokee Nation. Catawba Nation swears in new chief and new leadership The Catawba Nation has a new chief for the first time in more than a decade. Native American Contractors Association announces new executive director The Native American Contractors Association (NACA), the largest organization of Native and tribal companies, has a new executive director. Native America Calling: Hope for reducing Native student expulsions A pilot program in New Mexico aims to cut down on the high number of Native student expulsions. Indian Country sees progress on Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act Indian Country is finally seeing progress on a long-overdue update to the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA) although victory is not yet at hand. George Thompson: The plight of our sacred Hickory Ground In our Muscogee culture, once a body is at rest, it is supposed to remain there forever and complete its lifecycle, returning to earth. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Fresh off the press: NAFOA’s agenda for #NAFOAFALL23! Native America Calling: Pipes: prayer, blessing, and communion A quarry in Minnesota has been a reliable source for the stone used in ceremonial pipes for dozens of tribes throughout the central U.S. and Canada. Native woman sounds alarm as Donald Trump answers to more criminal charges Standing among the boisterous crowd of media and onlookers awaiting the arraignment of former U.S. president Donald Trump is one Native woman. Native America Calling: Looking ahead to the coming school year Join Native America Calling to get a snapshot of what Native educators see ahead in the new school year. Native advocates join inaugural class of Obama Leaders program Several Native advocates have been named to the inaugural class of the Obama Leaders program at the foundation started by the former U.S. president. Native America Calling: Oppenheimer’s lasting nuclear threat for tribes Native people in New Mexico were among those who saw the flash of the first test of the atomic bomb in 1945. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works to protect our sovereignty We at the Cherokee Nation firmly believe in being good neighbors to all Oklahomans who share our home. Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation spends $115 million on properties in Las Vegas The Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation has spent over $115 million on properties along the famed Las Vegas Strip. Tribal citizens are upset. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Keeping Indian Country hotter than these temperatures. Native America Calling: The lack of reservation law enforcement The Fort Belknap Indian Community is the latest tribe to sue the federal government over inadequate law enforcement. ‘This is a hard bill’: Republicans cut back on federal funding Republicans are making no excuses when it comes to cutting back funding for the federal government. How is Indian Country affected? Former Indian housing leader lands in jail on Navajo Nation A once prominent leader in Indian housing was arrested at an event on the Navajo Nation. He’s blaming the tribe’s news president. Indian Country celebrates decision in support of Indian Child Welfare Act Indian Country is breathing a huge sigh of relief after the highest court in the land delivered a surprising victory in one of the most closely-watched cases in decades. House committee advances slate of Indian Country bills Bipartisanship seemed to be on rare display on Capitol Hill as lawmakers advanced a trio of bills benefiting Indian Country. ‘It is about disabling tribal sovereignty’: Tribes anticipate major rulings from U.S. Supreme Court As dangerous smoke cast an ominous shadow over the nation’s capital, tribes and their advocates continue to wait for a series of monumental decisions from the U.S. Supreme Court. NAFOA in transition with departure of executive director The largest finance organization in Indian Country is undergoing change with the exit of its executive director, who was on the job for less than two years. A Listening Session on “The ARTIST Act: Updating the Indian Arts and Crafts Act” The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hosts a listening session on updating the Indian Arts and Crafts Act. Native America Calling: Is Twitter worth the trade-off? Twitter is one of the social media outlets that help individuals connect with each other — but is it worth it for Native users? NAFOA opens annual economic development conference in nation’s capital More than 800 tribal leaders and finance professional in Indian Country are in the nation’s capital for NAFOA’s 41st annual conference. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hosts listening session for Indian Arts and Crafts Act The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is seeking input on proposed updates to the Indian Arts and Crafts Act. SCOTUSblog: A ‘simple’ Indian law case before the U.S. Supreme Court The case is one of the simplest the justices will hear this year, because it involves no constitutional questions and, in truth, only the interpretation of a single phrase of a single statutory provision. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation continues to rebuild its economy The growth and prosperity of Cherokee Nation are an example of history repeating itself. Native America Calling: Robots help teach STEM and Native languages Ojibwe inventor Danielle Boyer is on a quest to make technology more accessible to interested Native students. New York bans use of Native mascots in public schools Public schools in New York will no longer be allowed to use mascots, symbols or depictions of Native people. National American Indian Housing Council welcomes new executive director The National American Indian Housing Council, the largest inter-tribal housing organization, is welcoming Chelsea E. Fish as its new executive director. Native America Calling: Tribal cannabis update from New York to Washington State Tribes across the nation are exploring new economic development opportunities in places where cannabis is no longer prohibited by state law. Fireworks as Secretary Haaland faces Republican critic on Capitol Hill A Republican lawmaker who was unable to derail Deb Haaland’s historic rise to Secretary of the Interior had somewhat of a meltdown as he came face-to-face with the Native woman trailblazer. ICT won’t post on Twitter due to ‘mistrust’ of social media platform ICT, the news publication formerly known as Indian Country Today, will no longer be posting new content on Twitter. ‘It’s really meaningful to me’: Omaha Nation students visit site of former boarding school The Genoa Indian Industrial School was one of the largest Indian boarding schools, drawing students from 40 tribal nations for half a century. Native America Calling: Tribal gun laws As Americans debate gun restrictions amid the mass shooting epidemic, a bill in Congress would make it easier for tribal citizens to acquire guns using only their tribal ID. Native America Calling: Erasing tribes in South Dakota schools Tribal nations are opposing new South Dakota social studies standards that exclude them from history in the state. Tribal leaders urge Congress to protect Native artists from ‘fake tribes’ Efforts to strengthen the Indian Arts and Crafts Act are drawing widespread attention as tribes seek a major — and controversial — change to a law designed to protect Native artists from frauds. Leader of Quapaw Nation resigns amid recall effort The Quapaw Nation will be electing a new chairman following the resignation of Joseph T. Byrd from the tribe’s top executive post. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation continues to fight the opioid crisis Access to telemedicine is a lifeline for many Cherokees, and we must protect it to keep up the fight against the opioid crisis. Native America Calling: Indigenous resistance to deep-sea mining Researchers and environmental advocates don’t know much yet about mining minerals off the bottom of the ocean floor but the race is on for development. New Native adviser set to join President Biden at White House President Joe Biden is welcoming a new Native adviser to the White House, the third of his administration. Brian Lightfoot Brown: Narragansett Tribe still fighting for its sovereignty Forty years of federal recognition and the Narragansett people are still fighting for what’s rightfully ours. Native America Calling: Assessing McGirt v. Oklahoma After removal from their home and an arduous and deadly forced march, the Muscogee Nation arrived in Oklahoma with little more than a promise that they could revive and rebuild. Native America Calling: Reassessing the history of horses A new study confirms many tribes’ oral histories that Native people utilized horses long before Europeans entered the picture. White Earth Nation responds to verdict in sexual harassment case The White Earth Nation says it is developing an ethics code after hearing a “litany of concerns” about a prominent figure who has benefited from the tribe’s name for more than three decades. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA stays on top of the news so you always start your week informed and ready. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works to protect our artists For too many generations, citizens of tribal nations around the country, including Cherokee Nation citizens, saw their language, their culture and their artistic expression suppressed and eroded by policies of the United States. Native America Calling: Alaska’s Donlin Gold Mine project A proposed gold mine in southwest Alaska has been promising riches for investors and Alaska Native workers alike. ‘Much history to record and more to make’: Winona LaDuke’s environmental efforts set to continue From growing hemp to fighting pipelines, Winona LaDuke has launched a large number of organizations, businesses and initiatives. Here’s a look at some of her environmental efforts. ‘I failed Molly Campbell’: Winona LaDuke says racism to blame for $750K verdict as board chair calls victim ‘white girl’ Disgraced environmental figure Winona LaDuke and her inner circle are striking a defiant tone as the organization she has led for 30 years seeks to recover from a $750,000 verdict in a sexual harassment and retaliation case. Native man struck and killed during RES tribal economic development conference A Native man from Canada who dedicated his life to economic development in Indigenous communities was killed in Las Vegas, Nevada. ‘Deliberate disregard’: Honor The Earth liable in sexual harassment case One of Indian Country’s most prominent environmental activists has been ordered to pay $750,000 to a former employee after being found liable for sexual harassment and retaliation in the workplace. Catholic Church repudiates legal doctrine used against tribal nations The Catholic Church formally repudiated a religious doctrine that was used to justify the theft of lands from indigenous peoples in North America. ‘Not a tribal citizen’: Prominent Hollywood figure Heather Rae lacks connection to Cherokee Nation The Cherokee Nation is distancing itself from a prominent Hollywood filmmaker, confirming Heather Rae isn’t a tribal citizen and hasn’t benefited from production incentives on the reservation. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hosts roundtable on upcoming Farm Bill The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is hosting a roundtable to hear about Native priorities for the upcoming Farm Bill. Native American Journalists Association announces leadership changes The Native American Journalists Association announced changes in leadership following the resignation of the board president. Former Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly passes on Ben Shelly, a former president of the Navajo Nation, passed away following a long illness. ‘Callous disrespect for tribal treaty rights’: Tribes blast government attorney for U.S. Supreme Court argument Tribal leaders are calling on the Biden administration to re-examine its commitment to the nation-to-nation relationship following “shocking” arguments in a closely-watched U.S. Supreme Court case. ‘We’re still here’: Native film depicts struggles as Navajo Nation heads to U.S. Supreme Court The highest court in the land is once again taking up a case that will determine whether the United States lives up to its promises to tribal nations. Fake Indian art still a major problem despite federal responsibilities Efforts to strengthen and improve the Indian Arts and Crafts Act are coming amid criminal cases and renewed claims to Native identities. ‘Indian Country really got behind our team’: Santee Warriors make it to state championships A high school basketball team from a small reservation made it to the Nebraska state championships for only the second time in the community’s history. Self-proclaimed Native Republican Jorge Riley pleads guilty for U.S. Capitol attack It took more than two years but a self-proclaimed Native Republican wore his “best Trump tie” to court and finally admitted he committed a crime during a violent insurrection at the U.S. Capitol. Native America Calling: What do tribal water rights mean if there’s no water? If there’s an epicenter of the more than 20-year drought in the west and Southwest, it’s the Colorado River. Native America Calling: Sourcing ethical Native art and jewelry dealers A merchant who sells works by Native artists is under fire for derogatory and offensive comments to Native dancers. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs Business Meeting to consider S.70, S.277 & S.385 The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs convenes for a business meeting on February 15, 2023. Native America Calling: The hope for Leonard Peltier As Leonard Peltier enters his 48th year behind bars, his supporters and legal advocates are renewing the push to have him released through whatever means. ‘This is about self-determination and sovereignty’: Tribes welcome return of ancestral lands Private and public lands are slowly being returned to the care of Native peoples across the country. H.R.423 – Pala Band of Mission Indians Land Transfer Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.423, the Pala Band of Mission Indians Land Transfer Act, on February 6, 2023. H.R.548 – Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act The U.S. House of Representatives considers H.R.548, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act, on February 6, 2023. StrongHearts Native Helpline: Women denied right to safety with court decision “Decades worth of legislation designed to protect women are being overturned by judges appointed by conservative politicians with an agenda that does not align with the vast majority of Americans,” said CEO Lori Jump of StrongHearts Native Helpline. Native America Calling: The death of Captain Cook British explorer James Cook’s colonial exploits were often at odds with the Indigenous peoples of the places he visited. ‘Bipartisanship is our strength’: Senate Committee on Indian Affairs touts achievements as new session starts The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is getting back to work after what the legislative panel’s bipartisan leadership said was an extremely productive session. San Manuel Band donates $600,000 to Native American Rights Fund The San Manuel Band of Mission Indians is donating $600,000 over two years to support the Tribal Supreme Court Project. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation advocates for food sovereignty At the Cherokee Nation, we are especially mindful that without food sovereignty, all other aspects of our sovereignty will be at risk. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Uplifting voices and opportunities from our community members and partners. Montana Free Press: Bill for Indigenous People’s Day gains support “I want a day that acknowledges the rich cultural heritage of all Indigenous people in our state,” said Montana Sen. Shane Morigeau, a citizen of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes. Cronkite News: Native artists showcase work at Super Bowl shop Inspired by vibrant orange-and-purple sunsets and local tribes, Native artists and brands were able to put their work on display at an NFL pop-up shop. DVIDS: Shoalwater Bay Tribe addresses impacts of climate change The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers partnered with the Shoalwater Bay Tribe to restore the Shoalwater Bay Dune before the first major storm of the season. Native America Calling: Assessing Biden’s presidency so far As President’s Day approaches, let’s discuss how Joe Biden’s term so far resonates with Indian Country. Native America Calling: The big game Today on Native America Calling, let’s survey the good and bad about the Super Bowl. Native America Calling: Native tax tips It’s the time of year to start calculating your taxable income and looking over any receipts you have collected in a shoebox. Republican-controlled House set to approve first Indian Country bills The 118th Congress is finally underway and Indian Country bills are among the first to advance in a new political atmosphere on Capitol Hill. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation confronts opioid epidemic For over two decades, the opioid epidemic has plagued the Cherokee Nation Reservation. It has affected every facet of our tribe and society. StrongHearts Native Helpline: Honoring Native cultures and traditions StrongHearts Native Helpline is working to uplift the voices of survivors by recognizing the strength and resilience of Indigenous peoples. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Our “5 Things” Newsletter gives you the info you need to start your week well! Native America Calling: Ensuring a long life for sturgeon As the sturgeon spearfishing season gets underway, Native America Calling looks at the ecological status of sturgeons, traditional harvest methods and tribal efforts to protect them. Native America Calling: Indigenous representation at Sundance Organizers of the Sundance Film Festival say this year’s line-up is among the strongest in terms of number and scope of Indigenous works. Native America Calling: Gratitude for gratuity Get the latest recommendations on gratuity and explore the stereotype that Native customers are bad tippers. Republicans vow to use Indian Country committee to investigate Biden administration A key Congressional committee is finally getting to work, with Republicans pursuing a new agenda for Indian Country and beyond. Montana Free Press: New partnership brings Native reporter to Montana Legislature MTFP and ICT have hired JoVonne Wagner, Blackfeet, to increase coverage of the Montana Legislature’s American Indian Caucus. Native America Calling: Is there room for trust land in Alaska? Today on Native America Calling, get the back story on the land-into-trust process and what it means for Alaska Natives. Forward: Embattled Republican steps down from committees amid calls for resignation An overwhelming majority of Jewish voters in New York’s 3rd Congressional District – 94% – think George Santos should resign from Congress over a web of lies about his background. Cronkite News: Democratic lawmaker takes on sitting senator who left party Rep. Ruben Gallego has launched long-anticipated challenge to Sen. Kyrsten Sinema, a first-term lawmaker who recently left the Democratic Party. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation invests in tribal youth As a father and grandfather, I know personally how valuable it is for youth to have a positive and safe environment to learn and grow. Cronkite News: Hia-Ced O’odham seek recognition from United States In Arizona, 22 federally recognized tribes inhabit nearly every region of the state. But Hia-Ced O’odham isn’t one of them. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA stays on top of the news so you always start your week informed and ready. Native America Calling: Lift yourself up Join Native America Calling and get some tips from Native exercise experts about making the most of your regimen and keeping your motivation going. Tuba City Regional Health Care Corporation (Arizona, Navajo Nation) Tuba City Regional Health Care Corporation will continue to enforce its mask mandate at all reservation health care locations in Arizona. White House Office of Management and Budget (Joe Biden Administration) President Joe Biden is threatening to veto a Republican bill that removes a COVID-19 vaccine requirement for health care providers. Native America Calling: The Menu What’s on The Menu? Join host Andi Murphy for news about the James Beard Award nominations and more. Native America Calling: The problem with lithium A lithium mine in Nevada is considered an environmental and cultural affront to tribal nations. U.S. Supreme Court adds more Indian Country cases to docket Indian Country is gearing up for another round of big cases at the nation’s highest court, with water rights and tribal sovereignty on the line. Native America Calling: The over-incarceration of Native Americans The research on the over-representation of Native people behind bars is long and vast. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation addresses needs on reservation Whether it’s new construction, refurbished existing buildings, improved water or better roads, we are investing in what the Cherokee people have asked for. National Indian Gaming Commission announces departure of general counsel Michael Hoenig, the longest-serving general counsel at the National Indian Gaming Commission, is departing on January 27, 2023. Montana Free Press: Nez Perce citizen shot during tribal treaty hunt A tribal hunter was accidentally shot in connection with a bison hunt on the northern border of Yellowstone National Park in Montana. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA looks out for our community — help us grow by forwarding this newsletter! Native America Calling: Indigenous interactions with artificial intelligence The usage of artificial intelligence is raising questions about copyright protections for Native creatives and concerns about appropriation. Cronkite News: Solar power plant under development in Arizona Salt River Project has partnered with a private renewable energy company to open its largest solar plant in Arizona. Oklahoma City Indian Clinic (OKCIC) Oklahoma City Indian Clinic has achieved Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Full Plus recognition for a diabetes prevention program. Native America Calling: A cultural connection with alligators Alligators are traditional touchstones and an important source of food for Southern and Southeastern tribes. Native America Calling: Do stereotypes influence policy? Native America Calling looks at the continuing verbal, legal, and legislative affronts to tribal sovereignty based on outdated, stereotypical and uninformed perspectives. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 569,750 COVID-19 cases through January 18, 2023. ‘A pattern of disrespect’: Seneca Nation condemns veto of burial protection bill Leaders of the Seneca Nation are speaking out after the governor of New York vetoed a bill that would have protected burial grounds across the state. Native America Calling: Lumbee Tribe vs. the KKK In 1958, members of the Lumbee Tribe showed up in force to stop a KKK rally in North Carolina. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation welcomes investments in Native languages The Cherokee language is a bedrock of our strength as a tribe. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Uplifting voices and opportunities from our community members and partners. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with Jana Schmieding Join Jana Schmieding (Mniconjou and Sicangu Lakota) for a conversation about her life and career in entertainment. Cronkite News: Cleanup continues of abandoned mines in national forest About 100,000 mines have been abandoned in Arizona, according to the state inspector, leaving behind huge amounts of toxic waste. Native America Calling: Teaching about other cultures Native educators have a keen eye for guiding how schools teach students about Native history and culture. Native America Calling: Native fictional future perspective The creators of the new Avatar sequel continue what they see as a science fiction account of colonialism and Indigenous resistance. But it’s getting plenty of push-back from Native audiences. Native America Calling: How tribes want to honor a famous mountain lion Tribes in California want a say in what happens to the remains of P-22, a famous mountain lion. People’s World: Fearless warrior Joye Braun walks on A dauntless advocate of Indigenous justice walked on with the passing of indomitable Water Protector and fearless Warrior Joye Braun. Native America Calling: When language translations go wrong The federal government issued translations on official documents to help Native people following destructive storms in Alaska. The trouble is, the text is indecipherable. Auction under fire for sale of items from Battle of Little Bighorn A non-Native collector who claims to know a secret tribal language is selling items that supposedly came from Little Bighorn and other battles. Some have doubts. Native America Calling: A fair value for Native artists Native-owned galleries and organizations are working to ensure Native artists get full value for their works. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation offers safe shelter for survivors Sadly, there is a great deal of domestic violence in our modern society, and the Cherokee Nation and Cherokee society are not immune. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Your latest news on tribal finance and economic development. Native America Calling: The benefits (and drawbacks) of college fraternities and sororities Native fraternities and sororities began in the mid-1990s and offer a chance for Native students to connect with each other and draw support from shared cultural values. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for the final COVID-19 update of their administration. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 141 new COVID-19 cases and three coronavirus related deaths between December 24, 2022, and January 4, 2023. Native America Calling: Inside the ring with Native pro wrestlers Indigenous wrestlers comprise only a small faction of the wrestling world, but they are making names for themselves. Native Sun News Today: Native artists showcase talents at holiday market The Black Hills Indian Artist Market once again brought art, music, fashion and food to He Sapa. Native America Calling: Unequal discipline for Native students An investigative report in New Mexico finds Native students are expelled at a far greater rate than their white counterparts. Republicans eager to rain on historic funding achievement for Indian Country After years of work, tribes finally achieved a historic first for the Indian Health Service. But Republicans are already ripping apart the funding agreement. Native Sun News Today: Wounded Knee descendants come together on massacre anniversary Lakota citizens met to discuss the return of items taken from their ancestors during the Wounded Knee Massacre of December 1890. Native America Calling: Indigenous languages and the migrant border crisis Thousands of migrants, many of whom are seeking asylum as they escape violence, extreme poverty, and oppression, are stopped at the U.S. border. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 565,910 COVID-19 cases through January 2, 2023. Republicans take power on day of ‘chaos’ on Capitol Hill The 118th Congress began in a most unusual fashion as Republicans descended into what one Democrat derided as “chaos” in the U.S. House of Representatives. Forward: Republican enters Congress under extreme scrutiny A Republican candidate’s lies about his education, employment and even his ethnic background take him all the way to the U.S. Congress. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week We’re hitting the ground running this new year! Native America Calling: Keeping your cool in 2023 Speak with Native wellness experts and motivational speakers about bridging divisions and avoiding the traps that drive wedges between us. ProPublica: Native students face harsher discipline in New Mexico In New Mexico, Native students are expelled far more often than any other group and at least four times as often as white students. Montana Free Press: Republican complains of ‘handouts’ to Native voters A Republican aide with political aspirations questioned whether members of tribes living on reservations should be able to vote in state elections. Native America Calling: Culture, athleticism and stickball Stickball is the older, rougher cousin of lacrosse, developed many centuries ago as both a game and a training exercise. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 564,617 COVID-19 cases through December 27, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 152 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths between December 22-28, 2022. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation committed to affordable housing A good government makes life better for its people and for future generations. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week And with that, the 2022 season is over. Thank you for a great year. Native America Calling: The year in Native film 2022 was a strong year for feature films, documentaries and shorts produced by Native filmmakers, as well as those that relied on Native talent or focused on Native issues. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 561,287 COVID-19 cases through December 14, 2022. Native America Calling: The cost of climate change The Native village of Newtok in Alaska is losing its battle with climate change. ‘Empower tribal nations’: Indian Country looks to White House for support With one negative ruling on the books and a potentially devastating one on the way, tribal leaders continue to look to the Biden administration to address the impacts of the U.S. Supreme Court. Native America Calling: Sports, culture and education at 45th Lakota Nation Invitational The 45th annual Lakota Nation Invitational in Rapid City, South Dakota, is underway. ‘Maybe they don’t want our business’: Hotel rates explode during Native event People headed to a Native basketball, educational and cultural tournament were shocked to learn that some hotels were charging more than $2,000 a night. Native America Calling: The largest land grab in history? The International Indigenous Forum on Biodiversity warns Indigenous priorities may not be heard or heeded at the COP15 UN Biodiversity Conference. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs takes up sacred lands measure The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is holding a business meeting as the 117th Congress enters its final stretch. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation address child care needs From individual Cherokee families to the whole Cherokee Nation, keeping children safe is our most essential responsibility. Montana Free Press: Blackfeet Nation continues fight to protect sacred lands An area sacred to the Blackfeet Nation remains under threat from energy development after a federal judge’s ruling. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week This holiday season, remember to #BuyNative! Native America Calling: Protections and threats for LGBTQ2 Native Americans Native America Calling checks in with Native experts about both progress and setbacks when it comes to public acceptance. ‘Absolutely thrilled’: Youth from Omaha Tribe welcome new skatepark On a sunny afternoon in October, young people gathered for the grand opening of a new skate park on the Omaha Reservation. Native America Calling: The significance of cedar Cedar is an important part of many tribal cultures. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 355 new COVID-19 cases and eight coronavirus related deaths between December 2–8, 2022. National Congress of American Indians puts prized property on the market The Embassy of Tribal Nations, the home of the National Congress of American Indians, is on the market. Native America Calling: Native issues that matter ICYMI: Catch up on some interesting and engaging topics that are important to Native people. Native America Calling: Publishing on your own A growing number of Native writers are turning to self-publishing — and there’s a number of supportive organizations and independent publishers that can help. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 557,777 COVID-19 cases through December 4, 2022. Defense spending bill again a topic of hot interest in Indian Country All eyes are on Capitol Hill as tribal leaders — and the rest of the nation — await the arrival of a highly-anticipated defense spending bill. Shannon Holsey: U.S. must honor treaty promises to tribal nations When the U.S. government keeps its treaty promises to one tribe, it is good for all tribes. ‘For all of Indian Country’: Native woman judge makes history in Michigan A Native person will serve on one of the highest courts in Michigan for the first time in state history. Native America Calling: Native forensics: the science of justice Crimes involving Native people and renewed scrutiny of past boarding school practices highlight the importance of Native forensic professionals. ‘A pillar in the community’: Eileen Janis changed lives on Pine Ridge Reservation Eileen Janis spent years battling the epidemic of youth suicide among her people, the Oglala Lakota. She passed away at the age of 61. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation holds U.S. to treaty promise Almost 200 years ago, the Treaty of New Echota between Cherokee Nation and the United States government was signed. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA values our community—thank you for being a part of it. Native America Calling: Leave Twitter? Or stay and fight? For all its faults, Twitter is an effective means for sharing and discussing Native issues, culture, language, and business. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 393 new COVID-19 cases and four coronavirus related deaths between November 24–December 1, 2022. Native America Calling: Native playlist with Northern Cree Forty years after four brothers first came together as Northern Cree, they are releasing their first fully self-published and owned record. Native America Calling: The importance of tribal museums Tribal museums offer a Native voice for Native history and bring the promise of economic development. Harold Frazier: Nation-to-nation policy must be law of the land Native Sovereign Nations are prior sovereigns, embodying the inalienable and inherent rights of Native Peoples bestowed by our Creator. VIDEO: White House Tribal Nations Summit Day 1 The Department of the Interior hosts the White House Tribal Nations Summit on November 30, 2022. Native America Calling: Klamath River tribes praise dam removal momentum After decades of fighting, tribes in northern California can celebrate the pending removal of four dams on the Klamath River. Native Sun News Today: Tim Giago joins Native American Hall of Fame “Write to your people,” the legendary Native journalist Tim Giago would say. “Others will read it too, but your people are your audience.” Kaiser Health News: Blackfeet Nation joins lawsuit to protect COVID-19 mandates A dispute over who can exercise jurisdiction over COVID-19 policies on the Blackfeet Nation is in federal court. MSU News: Grant helps tribes address transportation needs The Western Transportation Institute at Montana State University will provide transportation outreach and technical assistance to 29 tribes across five states. Montana Free Press: Land swap in Crazy Mountains finally unveiled A land swap long in development within the Custer Gallatin National Forest is finally open to public comment. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight The architectural design career of Major Robinson has a lot of diverse breadth. Learn more on Native America Calling. ‘Modern Day Warrior’: Native rights advocate Joye Braun passes on Joye Michelle Braun, a citizen of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe known for organizing the pipeline resistance movement in Indian Country, passed away on November 13. Native Sun News Today: Wounded Knee descendants left out of repatriation process The descendants of Chief Spotted Elk, a Lakota leader who was murdered at Wounded Knee in 1890, are speaking out. Albert Bender: Genocide of Indian nations at the U.S. Supreme Court A case before the United States Supreme Court could resume the genocide of tribal nations. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Post-long weekend productivity hack: Grab a coffee and read this newsletter. Native America Calling: Native gifts on The Menu Are you wondering where to find blue corn meal made by Native producers? Or do you want to give someone bison meat from tribal lands? Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,341,823 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of November 27, 2022. Native America Calling: Tracking missing people one name at a time Law enforcement in New Mexico have developed a list of roughly 200 names to help track and raise awareness of Indigenous people who go missing. ‘Long overdue’: Senate passes bill for Native veterans organization A bipartisan bill to advance the work of a Native veterans organization is inching toward final passage as the 117th Congress winds down. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation keeps our language alive Cherokee language is core to our culture and our identity as a distinct people. Native America Calling: The strength of powerlifting for Indigenous female athletes Today on Native America Calling, Shawn Spruce talks with Indigenous female powerlifters about what draws them to the sport and what keeps them going. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 553,405 COVID-19 cases through November 19, 2022. Native America Calling: Tall Paul’s Story of Jim Thorpe Everything changed for hip-hop artist Tall Paul when he first heard about iconic athlete Jim Thorpe. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 417 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths for the period between November 10-17, 2022. Native America Calling: The future of the Crazy Horse Memorial Whitney Rencountre (Hunkpati Dakota) is the new head of the Crazy Horse Memorial Foundation. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 552,206 COVID-19 cases through November 16, 2022. Native America Calling: Sports teams honoring tribes At a time when some holdout sports teams ignore calls to end problematic mascots and imagery, some teams are turning to Native designers for appropriate designs. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Tribal youth get a taste of food sovereignty at White House gathering Dozens of young Native people flocked to the nation’s capital for the return of the White House Tribal Youth Forum, where they saw food sovereignty in action. USDA promotes Indigenous Food Sovereignty Initiative “USDA is committed to empowering tribal self-determination and bringing Indigenous perspectives into agriculture, food, and nutrition,” said Secretary Tom Vilsack. Native America Calling: Candid conversations on Native podcasts Among the deluge of podcasts, Native producers are tackling subjects ranging from mental health and sobriety, issues within their own tribes, and language revitalization. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service held a groundbreaking ceremony for the Mid-Atlantic Tribal Health Center in Charles City, Virginia, a 27,000 square foot facility. Congress returns to work after big election by inching toward historic tribal delegate The Cherokee Nation is getting closer to fulfilling a promise made by treaty nearly two centuries ago. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation takes diabetes seriously Together, we can become healthier Cherokees and a healthier Cherokee Nation. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs schedules business meeting and hearing The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is getting back to work after a lengthy absence. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Want more NAFOA? Follow us on social media for more live updates @nafoaorg. Native America Calling: Saving and healing forests Today on Native America Calling, Shawn Spruce speaks with tribal forestry directors about working with government agencies and the threats facing forests. Native veterans dedicate long-overdue memorial in nation’s capital It’s a rainy day in the nation’s capital for the formal dedication of the National Native American Veterans Memorial. Oneida Indian Nation reclaims cultural property in repatriation ceremony The Oneida Indian Nation has reclaimed more than 1,500 funerary objects and cultural artifacts, as well as a long-overdue apology, from Colgate University. Native lawmaker Yvette Herrell loses re-election bid in Congress The Native contingent in the U.S. House of Representatives will be down by one come the next session of the U.S. Congress. Native America Calling: New Native children’s books A number of new Native children’s books make great bedtime stories, especially for those hungry little book worms. VIDEO: Tribal leaders speak at #StopColonizers rally at U.S. Supreme Court Tribal leaders speak at a #StopColonizers rally on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on November 9, 2022. AUDIO: U.S. Supreme Court hearing in Haaland v. Brackeen The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments in Haaland v. Brackeen, a closely-watched Indian Child Welfare Act case, on November 9, 2022. Native America Calling: The fate of ICWA The decision in Haaland v. Brackeen will be a major force in the future of the Indian Child Welfare Act and the scope of tribal sovereignty. Markwayne Mullin becomes first Native U.S. Senator in nearly two decades Markwayne Mullin has made history as the first tribal citizen to win election to the U.S. Senate in nearly two decades. Native America Calling: The morning after the midterm elections There’s a lot at stake for Native voters and there is potential for historic outcomes at the polls this November. Mother Jones: Right-wing groups take ICWA to nation’s highest court The Indian Child Welfare Act set out to fix generations of harm to Native kids. The U.S. Supreme Court could soon toss it aside. Native America Calling: Honoring Native veterans This Veterans Day, officials are formally dedicating the National Native American Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation cares for our homelands The Cherokee people have always been deeply connected to the land. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Happy Native American Heritage Month! Have an event to share? Let us know! Native America Calling: Traditions and complications in hunting season Many Native hunters have mastered big game hunting, providing for themselves and their families. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 548,181 COVID-19 cases through November 6, 2022. Native America Calling: Culture and athleticism with stickball Stickball is the older, rougher cousin of lacrosse, developed many centuries ago as both a game and a training exercise. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 687 new COVID-19 cases and five coronavirus related deaths for the period between October 28–November 3, 2022. Indian Country rallies as U.S. Supreme Court hears ICWA challenge Indian Country will be out in force as the nation’s highest court weighs the future of the Indian Child Welfare Act. Underscore.News: Young Native runner honors family legacy Ku Stevens’ great-grandfather escaped an Indian boarding school by running 50 miles through the desert to get home. Decades later, Ku runs to honor that legacy. People’s World: Cherokee Indian Fair returns after COVID-19 hiatus The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians held its 110th Cherokee Indian Fair after two years of cancellations due to the pandemic. Native America Calling: Oklahoma—are you OK? So what’s going on in Oklahoma, once known as Indian Territory? Cronkite News: Judge address harassment of voters at ballot boxes A federal judge set new limits on groups watching ballot drop boxes, ordering them to stop confronting and filming voters, to stop carrying weapons near the boxes and to correct voting misinformation on their social media. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 546,457 COVID-19 cases through November 2, 2022. Roselyn Tso: Indian Health Service takes pride in our contributions I am proud of the important work we do daily at the Indian Health Service. Elizabeth Woody: The Museum at Warm Springs celebrates tribal heritage At The Museum at Warm Springs, we celebrate our unique cultures, traditions, histories, arts and languages every month. The Conversation: An attack of Indigenous rights is an attack on nature conservation The Łutsël K’é Dene First Nation has protected Thaidene Nëné under their own law since time immemorial. Native America Calling: Tribal Leadership: citizenship and identity Citizenship is one of the keystones of sovereignty for every tribe. Cronkite News: Judge won’t stop groups from watching ballot boxes Some places are trying to make it easier to vote. But intimidation tactics are sprouting up. Indian Country braces for U.S. Supreme Court hearing in ICWA case The nation’s highest court is about to hear one of the biggest cases in Indian Country’s history and already some troubling signs are emerging. Harold Frazier: U.S. Supreme Court continues genocide against sovereign Native nations The Supreme Court is an anachronistic body of elderly politicians, who can never be expected to do justice by Native Sovereign Nations. Native America Calling: Indigenous people in Mexico working for equity and awareness Indigenous people in Mexico are much more likely to face poverty, human rights abuses, and discrimination than the rest of the country’s population. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 545,513 COVID-19 cases through October 30, 2022. Native man fired over photo with Republican governor In a photo that went viral, Stefen Monteau was seen making an obscene gesture next Gov. Kristi Noem (R), who is running for re-election. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation takes huge stride for food sovereignty For the Cherokee people and for people everywhere, true freedom is impossible without control over our own food supply. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week No tricks here. Just treats! 🎃 Native America Calling: Spooky time stories Halloween cries out like a banshee for scary stories and there are many traditional and modern Native narratives that fit the bill. Dina Gilio Whitaker: Sacheen Littlefeather was a Pretendian “Pretendianism” – the act of falsely claiming American Indian heritage – does real harm. Native America Calling: What’s on the The Menu with Andi Murphy Native America Calling’s resident foodie Andi Murphy takes a look at the Indigenous origins of chocolate, checks out a new plant-based Native restaurant and chats with this year’s National Indian Taco champion. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 544,696 COVID-19 cases through October 26, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 280 new COVID-19 cases and five coronavirus related deaths for the period between October 21–27, 2022. Navajo Nation leader apologizes for off-reservation incident A leader of the Navajo Nation is apologizing for an incident that took place off the reservation — though he isn’t detailing exactly what he’s sorry for. Controversial scholar walks away from Native food organizations A controversial scholar who claimed to be Native for decades has ended her relationships with two prominent Native food organizations. Native America Calling: The strength of tribal courts Tribal courts are asserting their ability to mete out justice and work toward healing. White House announces 2022 Tribal Nations Summit The 2022 White House Tribal Nations Summit will be hosted at the Department of the Interior on November 30 and December 1. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation invests in digital infrastructure All those living on the Cherokee Nation Reservation need the ability to participate in the digital economy. PolitiFact: Republican candidate tells tall tale about tribal governments Republican Arizona Corporation Commission candidate Nick Myers claims financial assistance to tribal nations is “foreign aid.” PolitiFact checks the facts. Native America Calling: Ancestral remains in private hands It was long common practice for archaeologists — both professional and amateur — to plunder Native burial sites. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 17 new positive cases of the coronavirus from October 17-23, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 543,853 COVID-19 cases through October 23, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. White House (Joe Biden Administration) President Biden receives his updated COVID-19 vaccine and delivers remarks on the ongoing fight against the coronavirus on October 25, 2022. Native America Calling: Media literacy: the election version As the midterm election nears, information is moving at light speed and so much of it is exaggerated, misleading, and even false. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA stays on top of the news so you always start your week informed and ready. Native America Calling: Alaska’s unprecedented snow crab population collapse Alaska’s snow crab season is cancelled for the first time ever after a mass die-off all but wiped out the crustaceans. Native food sovereignty figure admits no tribal connections A scholar who has made a name for herself in Native food sovereignty has vowed to stop claiming to be of “Mohawk/Mi’kmaq descent” despite doing so for decades. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 133 new COVID-19 cases on October 20, 2022. Native America Calling: Inuit teens save the world from aliens A group of Inuit teenage girls face off against murderous aliens that inhabit the bodies of people and animals in a new film. Lawsuit against National Congress of American Indians set for first hearing A lawsuit against the National Congress of American Indians is finally getting its first hearing, some six months after it was filed. Native America Calling: Land donations add to tribal land holdings Today on Native America Calling, Shawn Spruce talks more about the importance of land donations in restoring culturally-important sites. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 539,798 COVID-19 cases through October 19, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 75 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on October 19, 2022. ‘We just have to say no to them!!’: Business sued over racial discrimination against Native patrons A business in South Dakota that banned Native patrons from the premises is being sued by the United States government for racial discrimination. Aaron Payment: It’s time for a tribal delegate in the U.S. Congress We have American Indians and Alaska Natives in Congress but what we don’t have is a voice to speak to our unique interests. Southwestern Association for Indian Arts loses executive director Kim Peone (Colville/Eastern Cherokee) served as executive director of SWAIA for 2 1/2 years. Native America Calling: What it takes for Tribal leadership Tribal leaders make major decisions about finances, public safety, and societal well being. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,304,522 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of October 16, 2022. Oklahoma City Indian Clinic (OKCIC) Oklahoma City Indian Clinic will host the 18th annual Red Feather Gala and fundraiser on November 5, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 36 new COVID-19 cases on October 18, 2022. Underscore.news: Yakama Nation celebrates return of sacred land An 1855 treaty with the U.S. government ensured one of the Yakama Nation’s most important sites would remain part of its homelands. Native America Calling: Reaching for the college sports roster Getting signed to a college sports team is a dream for many Native athletes. Cronkite News: Heated Senate race in Arizona brings in big dollars Democratic Arizona Sen. Mark Kelly continued to widen his fundraising lead over Republican challenger Blake Masters, who still trailed the incumbent despite heavy spending by outside conservative groups. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 29 new COVID-19 cases from October 3-22, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 32 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths for the period between October 15-17, 2022. Chuck Hoskin: Tribal sovereignty at stake in upcoming election This election is one of the most important elections that we have faced as Native Americans in the state of Oklahoma. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Need to reach the community? Share with us for a spot in a future newsletter. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with Madeline Sayet Traditional Mohegan stories and William Shakespeare don’t automatically come to mind as complimentary influences. But Madeline Sayet draws on these and other creative forces for her work. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reports an overall vaccination rate of 72.6%, which is an increase of 3.6% since the last report on Seskéha / August 10, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 536,291 COVID-19 cases through October 16, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 143 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on October 14, 2022. Native America Calling: Spirit Rangers A new Netflix show for preschoolers features all Native writers, including showrunner and creator Karissa Valencia. Native America Calling: Native ballot outlook Native candidates have a lot at stake coming up in the midterm elections. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 535,817 COVID-19 cases through October 12, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 53 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on October 12, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) New Indian Health Service Director Roselyn Tso will begin touring Indian Country to gain a better perspective on issues affecting IHS patients. President Biden joins calls for city officials to resign over anti-Indigenous racism President Joe Biden has joined national-level politicians in seeking the resignations of city officials in California who made racist and offensive statements about Indigenous people. Native America Calling: Federal program to expand Native food hubs A new Department of the Interior pilot program aims to place Native food hubs at locations around the country. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 16 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on October 11, 2022. ‘We all deserve better’: City officials caught on recording making anti-Indigenous comments The first and only Native council member in California’s largest city is calling on his colleagues to step down for making racist and offensive statements about Indigenous people. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation invests in art and culture Our tribal culture and history connect us to the past, to all our ancestors who went before us, and it is what guides us toward our collective future. Native America Calling: Waiting for recognition A number of tribes remain on the waiting list for federal recognition. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 535,359 COVID-19 cases through October 9, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 38 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths during the period October 8-10, 2022. Native America Calling: Celebrating Indigenous Peoples Day Join host Shawn Spruce as he checks in with Indigenous Peoples Day celebrations around the country. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,299,359 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of October 9, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 28 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on October 7, 2022. Native America Calling: New on the Native Bookshelf Friday on Native America Calling, Shawn Spruce hears from Native authors and poets as they discuss works on the Native Bookshelf. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 25 new COVID-19 cases on October 6, 2022. ‘False claim to Native American heritage’: Pechanga Band takes stand against noted educator A prominent tribe with powerful connections has taken the unusual step of denouncing an educator and scholar who has long identified herself as a descendant of the community. Native America Calling announces permanent host and new hires Native America Calling, the nationally broadcast radio program, has officially named Shawn Spruce as permanent host. Native America Calling: Tribal leaders of the pandemic The COVID-19 pandemic challenged every tribal leader to keep their citizens safe. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 534,734 COVID-19 cases through October 5, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 33 new COVID-19 cases and three coronavirus related deaths on October 5, 2022. ‘Huge loss for the world’: Lakota cultural bearer Kevin Locke passes on Kevin Locke — renowned hoop dancer, flute player and educator of Lakota language and culture — passed away suddenly at the age of 68. Native America Calling: Getting tribes disaster ready Hurricane Ian caused catastrophic damage, but most tribal members and communities weathered the storm, although they still require federal assistance. Montana Free Press: Closely-watched Congressional race enters final stretch The candidates for Montana’s Western U.S. House seat faced off in public forum twice, tangling over abortion and the economy and dissecting each other’s attack lines as the election approaches. The Conversation: Advancing food sovereignty in Indigenous communities The lack of baseline data on the scale and scope of Indigenous involvement in agriculture continues to be an obstacle to effective engagement of Indigenous communities. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 19 new COVID-19 cases and three coronavirus related deaths on October 4, 2022. Native Sun News Today: A brief history of the pow wow The real history of pow wows is being made by people today, by just having pow wows. Cronkite News: Tribes at odds over future of online gaming in California California voters will decide between two competing sports betting measures — a struggle that underscores a divide among tribal nations. Native America Calling: Protecting peyote Native American Church practitioners are working to secure environmental protections for the plant that is losing habitat to development, land use policies, and climate change. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,292,353 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of October 2, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 533,372 COVID-19 cases through October 1, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 33 new COVID-19 cases and three coronavirus related deaths for the period between October 1-3, 2022. Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Bryan Newland addresses tribal health conference Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Bryan Newland addresses the 39th annual National Tribal Health Conference. Navajo citizen Hoskie Benally named to National Council on Disability Hoskie Benally, Jr., a citizen of the Navajo Nation, has been named to the National Council on Disability by President Joe Biden. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation helps keep our citizens informed The Cherokee Nation has long been a leader in government transparency. StrongHearts Native Helpline statement on Domestic Violence Awareness Month Domestic violence doesn’t discriminate; and anyone can experience domestic violence, including children, women, men, elders and LGBTQ2S+ individuals. Native Sun News Today: Powwow returns to Black Hills after COVID-19 absence Once again, the heartbeat of Ina Maka will reverberate throughout the Black Hills at the 34th Annual He Sapa Wacipi Na Oskate. Underscore.news: Powwow returns to penitentiary for first time since COVID-19 Native prisoners at the Washington State Penitentiary hosted their first powwow in three years, a 50-year tradition temporarily halted by the Covid-19 pandemic. Cronkite News: Tribes support greater protections for sacred sites Tribal leaders urged lawmakers to pass a package of bills that would protect cultural and sacred sites on public lands. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Welcome community, to #NAFOAFall22! Native America Calling: Back to the office If you haven’t been summoned back to the office after the pandemic disruption, you likely will soon. Montana Free Press: Native voters win ruling blocking new election laws Tribal nations and Native voters are part of a coalition that went to court to block three election laws. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 18 new positive cases of COVID-19 from September 25-October 2, 2022. Oklahoma City Indian Clinic (OKCIC) Oklahoma City Indian Clinic is renovating an additional building to fit the demands of a growing patient population. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 75 new COVID-19 cases and nine coronavirus related deaths on September 30, 2022. ‘The Pretendians’ documentary from Canada tackles hot topic A new documentary tackles a topic that continues to generate controversy. Why are so many people claiming to be Indian? Native America Calling: Reality TV and new eats on The Menu Friday on Native America Calling, our resident foodie Andi Murphy cooks up another helping of the Native culinary world on our regular feature “The Menu.” Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 532,813 COVID-19 cases through September 28, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 19 new COVID-19 cases on September 29, 2022. ‘The only true Native American in the Senate’: Markwayne Mullin assures himself of victory at tribal event Markwayne Mullin is poised to make history as the first tribal citizen in the U.S. Senate in nearly two decades but not all Native voters are happy. The Conversation: Reckoning with the history of public schooling and settler colonialism Many Canadians are coming to terms with the nation’s history of schooling and settler colonialism. Native America Calling: Suiting up for football season Thursday on Native America Calling, Shawn Spruce huddles with Native football players and those who root for them. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 64 new COVID-19 cases on September 28, 2022. ‘It’s time to turn the page’: Roselyn Tso promises new era at Indian Health Service Roselyn Tso delivers remarks after being sworn in as the new director of the Indian Health Service. Native America Calling: Tribes respond to Biden’s clean energy challenge Some tribes are already finding economic opportunities with clean energy. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 532,083 COVID-19 cases through September 25, 2022. Vax Chat: Continuing our Conversations on Vaccines (National Council of Urban Indian Health) The National Council of Urban Indian Health (NCUIH) invites all experts in urban Indian health and community members to discuss what materials and strategies are needed for vaccination efforts. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Roselyn Tso took the oath of office to become the first Navajo person to serve as the Director of the Indian Health Service. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 38 new COVID-19 cases on September 27, 2022. VIDEO: Secretary Deb Haaland provides update from Department of the Interior Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland provides an update at the 39th Annual National Tribal Health Conference. Watch her remarks. VIDEO: First Navajo Nation citizen leads Indian Health Service Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez congratulates Roselyn Tso on becoming the next director of the Indian Health Service. Watch as he heads to the nation's capital for the celebration. Native America Calling: Native student success depends on teachers Post-pandemic burn out, persistently low pay, and a disparaging political climate are helping fuel a high number of teacher vacancies. How are Native students affected? Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 16 new COVID-19 cases for the three-day period between September 24-26, 2022. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation supports our artists To ensure that Cherokee culture remains strong and vibrant far into the future, we need to get behind our artists today. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week See you next week in the homelands of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation! Native America Calling: Sharing management of sacred and important lands The Biden administration says it wants to work with tribes to co-manage federal land that is also sacred or culturally important. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,286,568 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of September 25, 2022. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 17 new positive cases of COVID-19 between September 19-25, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 64 new COVID-19 cases on September 23, 2022. Lawsuit from former executive at National Congress of American Indians sent back to D.C. court A lawsuit filed by the former chief executive officer of the National Congress of American Indians will proceed in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. Native America Calling: Saving the Tlingit clan houses Tlingit clan houses are both physical structures and important traditional entities encompassing family, ceremony, and connectedness. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 531,544 COVID-19 cases through September 21, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 43 new COVID-19 cases on September 22, 2022. Indian Health Service finally lands a permanent leader in Roselyn Tso For the first time in nearly two years, the Indian Health Service has a permanent leader. Native America Calling: Assessing the toll from Alaska’s historic storm A major storm battered a 1,000 mile stretch of Alaska’s western coastline. Find out how Native communities are being affected. National Indian Health Board (NIHB) The National Indian Health Board congratulates Roselyn Tso on becoming the Director of the Indian Health Service. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs (117th Congress) “Dedicated, long-serving leadership at the Indian Health Service is vital to fulfilling its mission,” said Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii), chair of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. National Council of Urban Indian Health (NCUIH) "We are thrilled to have a confirmed leader for the Indian Health Service,” said Francys Crevier, CEO of the National Council of Urban Indian Health. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer applaud the U.S. Senate’s confirmation of Roselyn Tso to serve as the next Director of the Indian Health Service. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 62 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on September 21, 2022. Promoting and Supporting Tribal Access to Spectrum and Related Benefits in Native Communities The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hosts a roundtable to address spectrum access for Native communities. Examining Oklahoma v. Castro-Huerta: The Implications of the Supreme Court’s Ruling on Tribal Sovereignty The House Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the United States holds an oversight hearing entitled “Examining Oklahoma v. Castro-Huerta: The Implications of the Supreme Court’s Ruling on Tribal Sovereignty.” Native Sun News Today: Native POP Fest takes center stage in Black Hills Musicians from all genres and walks of life graced the stage at the Native People of the Plains POP Fest. Cronkite News: U.S. Supreme Court ruling a ‘real threat’ to tribal sovereignty A decision from the nation’s highest court opens tribal lands to state jurisdiction — even though tribes have not consented to the imposition. Native America Calling: The Dust Bowl and Native displacement Today on Native America Calling, Andi Murphy reflects on the Dust Bowl’s legacy among Native people. Oklahoma City Indian Clinic (OKCIC) Oklahoma City Indian Clinic wants to help men lower their risk for prostate cancer. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 14 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on September 20, 2022. Examining Oklahoma v. Castro-Huerta: The Implications of the Supreme Court’s Ruling on Tribal Sovereignty The House Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the United States holds a hearing to examine the impacts of the U.S. Supreme Court on tribal sovereignty. Native America Calling: New music sampler As summer wanes, Andi Murphy welcomes the beginning of autumn with a Native music sampler. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation confirmed three new cases of Monkeypox, bringing the total number to four as of September 19, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 18 new COVID-19 cases over a three-day period from September 17-19, 2022. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation works to keep families safe Cherokee Nation has the power and the responsibility to protect all Cherokees and ensure justice is served on our reservation. Doug George-Kanentiio: Honoring a true Mohawk patriot Richard Thasriwasatse Oakes changed our culture, our politics, our economies. Indian law attorney Rob Rosette passes on Tribal leaders and friends are paying tributes to Rob Rosette, a noted Indian law practitioner. Oneida Nation set to join cannabis industry The Oneida Nation is the latest in Indian Country to join the cannabis industry. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Only 2 weeks left until #NAFOAFall22 at the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation! Native America Calling: Osage disestablishment Just as courts are working through jurisdictional boundaries for the other tribes, the Osage Nation is facing an erosion of its sovereignty. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 12 new positive cases of COVID-19 between September 8-18, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 530,292 COVID-19 cases through September 18, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 87 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on September 16, 2022. Native America Calling: The intersection of Japanese anime and Native art Anime, a style of Japanese animation, is wildly popular everywhere. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 50 new COVID-19 cases on September 15, 2022. ‘Just a terrific week’: Native women break new ground in nation’s capital It’s been a banner week for Native women trailblazers at all levels of U.S. government. ‘I am humbled and deeply honored’: Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska) joins U.S. Congress Rep. Mary Peltola (D-Alaska) delivers her first speech after being sworn in as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Biden administration hosts listening sessions on U.S. Supreme Court decision The Biden administration is hosting two listening sessions to hear from tribes about a controversial U.S. Supreme Court decision. Native America Calling: Queen Elizabeth’s legacy: Indigenous people and the Royal Family Indigenous leaders are among those reflecting on the legacy of Queen Elizabeth II. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 529,247 COVID-19 cases through September 14, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 31 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on September 14, 2022. ‘Our policy is nation-to-nation’: Tribes join President Biden for celebration at White House Tribal leaders are looking forward to addressing climate change and improving economic conditions in their communities through the Inflation Reduction Act. National Congress of American Indians announces Sovereignty Run “We are in a critical time where, once again, our sovereignty is being threatened,” National Congress of American Indians President Fawn Sharp said in announcing the 2022 Sovereignty Run. Native America Calling: The lingering rental housing crisis A new survey finds Native renters faced evictions at a far higher rate than other ethnic groups. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 17 new positive cases of the coronavirus between September 5-13, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported eight new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on September 13, 2022. National Congress of American Indians returns to tradition with announcement of new executive The largest inter-tribal advocacy organization in the United States is forging ahead with a new executive as tribes continue to confront challenges to their sovereignty. Harold Frazier: Honor sacred promises to our Native Sovereign Nations Mni Wiconi means water is life, and no one will silence our Native peoples. House Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the United States Legislative Hearing on H.R.6032, H.R.6964, H.R.7581, H.R.8115, H.R.8286, H.R.8380, and H.R.8387 The House Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the United States meets for a legislative hearing on September 14, 2022. Seven bills are on the agenda. Native America Calling: Alternatives to conventional loans Native borrowers have a number of choices beyond the bank loan to finance big items like homes and starting a business. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for a COVID-19 and monkeypox update. ‘Who is your family?’: Big backers of breakout hit Prey falter on tribal affiliation inquiry A star of the hit film Prey wants to find out the “truth” about his supposed tribal ancestry. But Hollywood studios don’t share the same commitment. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation keeps community safe with new budget Keeping our people safe and ensuring justice weigh on the shoulders of every Cherokee Nation leader. We must get this right. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week Help grow our NAFOA community by forwarding this newsletter to a friend! Native America Calling: Inspiring space exploration Nicole Aunapu Mann is scheduled to become the first Indigenous woman in space with the launch of NASA’s SpaceX Crew Dragon. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 528,155 COVID-19 cases through September 11, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 81 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths over a three-day period from September 10-12, 2022. Native America Calling: Honoring the top Native Hip Hop artists TheRA11N, Pooky G and She Rōz are some of the artists who won big this year at the annual International Indigenous Hip Hop Awards. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 38 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 72,798 as of September 9, 2022. ‘We’ve been at the table’: Tribes in Virginia join forces with Indian Health Service Tribal nations in Virginia are ushering in a new era in health care after securing recognition from the federal government. ‘Friends with benefits’: Former executive of National Congress of American Indians ousted in sexual harassment dispute The chief executive officer of the National Congress of American Indians lost his job over his handling of a sexual harassment investigation, according to an explosive lawsuit. VIDEO: Indian Health Service expands services for tribes in Virginia The Indian Health Service announces the deployment of mobile units at an event hosted by the Chickahominy Tribe. Albert Bender: Anti-Indian sovereignty from the nation’s highest court Tribal nations must be prepared to combat this judicial onslaught—and any more to come—from the U.S. Supreme Court’s conservative anti-Native agenda. Native America Calling: Building your own home A number of Native DIY-ers are taking on what is traditionally the largest expense of their lives: their own home. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe’s COVID-19 Response Team reported 23 new positive cases for the period between August 29-September 5, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for another COVID-19 response town hall. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported nine new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 72,749 as of September 6, 2022. Native America Calling: The inability to provide clean drinking water in America A crisis making the news is a reminder of the dozens of failed drinking water systems for tribes across the country. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 13 new COVID-19 cases and four coronavirus related deaths over a four-day period from September 3-6, 2022. ‘We got lied to’: Native students find flaws in free tuition program A public university promised free tuition for Native students. Then the details were revealed. Apache Stronghold heads back to court to protect sacred Oak Flat The fight to protect a sacred site from development is once again back in court as defenders of Oak Flat try to stop a huge copper mine on Apache territory. Documents: Dante Desiderio v. National Congress of American Indians Dante Desiderio is suing the National Congress of American Indians. Get the documents here. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation lives up to treaty obligations to Freedmen A great nation is strong enough to tell the whole story, including those times when we inflicted trauma on others. Oneida Nation announces major expansion of flagship casino The Oneida Nation has big plans in store for its flagship casino in the state of New York. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week #NAFOAFall22 is around the corner! Will we see you next month? Native America Calling: Addressing the nation’s mental health crisis As the nation’s mental health crisis worsens, Native youth are those at highest risk. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,276,250 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of September 4, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 525,753 COVID-19 cases through September 5, 2022. Native America Calling: Native creation and use of color Indigenous hues carry meaning, stories, and emotion. Learn more on an encore presentation of Native America Calling. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 141 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 72,517 as of September 2, 2022. Native America Calling: Creative solutions for a growing mental health crisis Depression and anxiety disorders are on the rise — and there is little progress in reducing the effects of historical trauma among Native people. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 65 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on September 1, 2022. ‘It is a GOOD DAY’: Alaska Native woman makes history at the polls Mary Peltola is making history as the first Alaska Native to serve in the U.S. Congress following a special — and unique — election in which the Democratic candidate defeated two Republicans. StrongHearts Native Helpline: Trauma resilience too common among Native people When it comes to Natives who are impacted by domestic and sexual violence, advocates are faced with resource disparities beyond compare. Native America Calling: New challenges for Native voters Join the conversation on Native America Calling to get a rundown of the evolving landscape of voter restrictions that affect Native people at the polls. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,273,021 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of August 28, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 524,341 COVID-19 cases through August 31, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 76 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on August 31, 2022. Montana Free Press: Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes help celebrate new refuge The Lost Trail National Wildlife Refuge is the first created under the tenure of Secretary Deb Haaland, the first Native person to lead the Department of the Interior. Native America Calling: College student debt relief Just in time for the mid-term elections, President Joe Biden announced his executive action to extend the current student loan payment pause and forgive up to $20,000 of debt. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 70 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 71,746 as of August 30, 2022. Native Sun News Today: Indian Country loses a legend with passing of Alan Parker Alan Parker, a citizen of the Chippewa Cree Tribe, had a profound impact on law and policy in Indian Country. Cronkite News: Indian boarding schools confront genocidal legacy Few dispute that Indian boarding schools led to more than a century of abuse, systematically seizing Indigenous land, separating children from their families, destroying communities and working to erase tribal languages, religions, cultures and economies. James Giago Davies: Grandstanding for the white man’s money Most people did not use logic or reason to arrive at their ideas. Native America Calling: The cultural and environmental importance of volcanoes The volcanic eruptions near Tonga, Japan, and Ecuador are all making headlines and remind us of the role they play in Indigenous cultures. Oklahoma City Indian Clinic (OKCIC) Opioid Misuse Prevention Day will be observed on August 31, 2022, to raise awareness of prescription drug misuse and promote treatment resources. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for another COVID-19 response town hall. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 18 new COVID-19 cases and five coronavirus related deaths over a three-day period from August 27-29, 2022. Chinook Nation rallies in support of federal recognition The Chinook Nation is supporting its push for federal recognition with the #ChinookJustice campaign. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation supports grassroots organizations For many Cherokees, their greatest source of connection to our tribe is through local Cherokee community organizations. Doug George-Kanentiio: Losing a legend with passing of John Fadden Kahionhes John Fadden Kahionhes was a legend in the most profound sense of the word. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA works to provide advocacy and resources for all of Indian Country. Montana Free Press: Investigation centers on Ryan Zinke’s handling of tribal gaming deal Former Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke is back in the news but it’s not because of his campaign for public office. Native America Calling: Native in the Spotlight with L.A. Williams L.A. Williams is a sports broadcaster from the Navajo Nation. Learn more about her trailblazing career. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 522,244 COVID-19 cases through August 28, 2022. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 18 new COVID-19 cases between August 22-28, 2022. Of eleven active cases, four are children under the age of 12. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 207 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 71,628 as of August 26, 2022. Native America Calling: Farm Bill and Navajo Pizza on The Menu What’s on The Menu? Learn more about the Native Farm Bill Coalition and a new restaurant on the Navajo Nation. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 520,534 COVID-19 cases through August 24, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 56 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 71,316 as of August 25, 2022. Native America Calling: History’s Native outlaws There’s a fair amount of romanticizing of historical outlaws like Billy the Kid and Jesse James. But did you know there were Native ones too? Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 112 new COVID-19 cases on August 24, 2022. Native Sun News Today: Memorial ride honors lives lost at Wounded Knee On a Saturday evening, one could hear the low throaty growl of motorcycle engines coming from a distance, in honor of the ancestors killed at Wounded Knee. Native America Calling: Slow progress for repatriation NAGPRA has been on the books for 30 years but it’s been slow work to return ancestors and cultural property into the care of tribes. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 156 new COVID-19 cases on August 23, 2022. The tribe also added 7,021 COVID-19 cases to its overall total due to delayed reporting. ‘We just need to be safe’: Monkeypox vaccine rolls out in Indian Country The Navajo Nation is receiving its first doses of the Monkeypox vaccine as experts and providers in Indian Country respond to the latest public health threat. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation launches new program for Cherokee speakers We understand that saving the Cherokee language is a mission we quite simply cannot fail. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA looks out for our community — help us grow by forwarding this newsletter! Native America Calling: How the Inflation Reduction Act helps Earth The newly-signed Inflation Reduction Act brings millions of dollars in new investments for tribal nations. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 518,623 COVID-19 cases through August 21, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,268,376 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of August 21, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for another COVID-19 response town hall. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 57 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death over a three-day period from August 20-22, 2022. Native America Calling: Merging Native languages with braille The resurgence of language revitalization helps keep cultural connections and exercise sovereignty. But it leaves out those who are visually impaired. Native America Calling: Live at the 100th Santa Fe Indian Market Day 2 Artists from hundreds of Native nations are tending to their booths in the streets of Santa Fe, New Mexico, selling works they’ve labored for months to prepare. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 190 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on August 18, 2022. FEMA releases first-ever National Tribal Strategy The Federal Emergency Management Agency announces the release of its National Tribal Strategy. Learn more from Administrator Deanne Criswell. Native America Calling: Live at the 100th Santa Fe Indian Market Day 1 The Southwestern Association for Indian Arts marks the 100th Santa Fe Indian Market, a place to buy works directly from Native creators. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 516,703 COVID-19 cases through August 17, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for another COVID-19 response town hall. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 41 new COVID-19 cases and four recent coronavirus related deaths on August 17, 2022. Native America Calling: Turning around threats to salmon Join Native America Calling for updates on trouble spots for salmon in Alaska and the Pacific Northwest. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 372 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths over a four-day period from August 13-16, 2022. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs touts $720 million for Native communities in Inflation Reduction Act The newly-signed Inflation Reduction Act will bring more than $720 million to American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian communities, according to the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. Native leaders join national panel to address derogatory place names The Advisory Committee on Reconciliation in Place Names will address racist and derogatory terms across the country. Kaiser Health News: Oglala Sioux Tribe opens doors for marijuana dispensaries Citizens of the Oglala Sioux Tribe overwhelmingly voted to legalize recreational and medical marijuana on their homelands. Montana Free Press: Native voters battle ballot restrictions in court A Native voting rights lawsuit led by Western Native Voice and four tribal governments is underway in Montana. Native America Calling: The legacy of Elvis for Native Americans Elvis Presley’s profound popularity continues to resonate with many Native music fans. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 514,932 COVID-19 cases through August 14, 2022. National Congress of American Indians loses top executive after a year The nation’s oldest and largest inter-tribal advocacy organization has “parted ways” with its highest-ranking employee, who had been on the job for barely a year. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation offers relief for farmers and ranchers We have a responsibility to step up for our farmers and ranchers in their time of need. Pokagon Band brings in new council members The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians is welcoming new members to its governing body. Mother Jones: ‘We’ve been under these genocidal policies for 500 years’ Federal and state abortion restrictions have been interfering with tribal sovereignty for years. Cronkite News: Fight over copper mine at sacred Apache site continues A long-running political, legal and environmental dispute over a copper mine on sacred Apache land in Arizona shows no signs of ending anytime soon. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA stays on top of the news so you always start your week informed and ready. Native America Calling: The new book-banning trend There’s a new surge of efforts to ban books by Native authors and other works that challenge colonial conventional wisdom. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 93 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on August 12, 2022. Native America Calling: Saving the migratory Monarch butterfly Tribes are among those helping to protect the monarch butterfly, for both cultural and environmental reasons. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 127 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number of positive coronavirus cases to 62,817 as of August 11, 2022. White House releases fact sheet on internet in tribal communities The Biden administration is working to improve high-speed internet in American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian communities. DVIDS: San Carlos Apache Tribe dedicates building to fallen veteran U.S. Marine Corps Pfc. Michael A. Noline was killed in action in Operation Desert Storm. Native America Calling: The Native perspective in ‘Grounded in Clay’ For the first time in a century, Native people have a voice in how a massive collection of pottery is treated. National Indian Health Board (NIHB) The National Indian Health Board is pleased to announce the promotion of A.C. Locklear to the new position of Federal Relations Director. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service announced Darrell LaRoche as the new deputy director for management operations and Capt. Marcus Martinez as the new director for the IHS Portland Area. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,259,331 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of August 7, 2022. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 513,124 COVID-19 cases through August 10, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 226 new COVID-19 cases and four coronavirus related deaths on August 10, 2022. Indian gaming revenues hit record $39 billion despite COVID-19 The tribal casino industry has rebounded dramatically despite the ongoing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, with revenues reaching a record high. Native America Calling: Housing security in the Arctic A film crew follows an Inuit and Gwich’in hunter as he builds a traditional Inuvialuit log cabin off the grid. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Health Services reported a COVID-19 vaccination rate of 69 percent, with more and more youth receiving their shots. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 206 new COVID-19 cases and one coronavirus related death on August 9, 2022. Native Sun News Today: Tim Giago’s legacy lives on with nation’s first Native American Day Many times over the past 30 years, Tim Giago shared the story behind the founding of Native American Day in South Dakota. Ernestine Anunkasan Hupa: Living the life, thanks to Tim Giago Tim Giago left an indelible mark on journalism that can never be erased. Native America Calling: Facing growing addiction fatalities A report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention paints a distressing increase in overdose deaths among Native people. St. Regis Mohawk Tribe (New York) The Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe reported 30 new positive cases of the coronavirus between August 2-7, 2022. Navajo Nation Town Hall (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) Please join Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer for another COVID-19 response town hall. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 214 new COVID-19 cases over a three-day period from August 6-8, 2022. Inflation Reduction Act brings new climate and energy investments to Indian Country Democrats are claiming an election season achievement with the passage of a massive bill that includes hundreds of millions of dollars in climate and energy investments in Indian Country. Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez announces new running mate President Jonathan Nez of the Navajo Nation has a new running mate as he seeks a second term in office. His rival, meanwhile, made a historic announcement of his own. Charges laid against Native woman reported as missing in Canada Dawn Walker has been accused of faking her disappearance and that of her child in a case that attracted widespread attention in Canada. Chuck Hoskin: Cherokee Nation expands assistance for homeowners All families deserve to live in safety and dignity, without fear of losing their homes. Doug George-Kanentiio: Residential school survivors reject Pope Francis’ apology No Native entity knows the answers and to truly heal we need our children returned to our homes. NAFOA: 5 Things You Need to Know this Week NAFOA supports all parts of our community — from students to executive leaders. Native America Calling: Native tennis players hold court A group of Native tennis enthusiasts formed their own organization 50 years ago and it’s grown into a collection of competitions, youth tennis camps and regular recreational meet-ups. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 510,751 COVID-19 cases through August 7, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 153 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on August 5, 2022. ‘We’re all shook up’: Violence mars inter-tribal gathering in New Mexico The 100th anniversary of the Gallup Intertribal Ceremonial in New Mexico was marred by violence after a car drove into the parade on the opening day of the highly-anticipated event. Native America Calling: Comanche warriors battle Predator in Hulu’s “Prey” “Prey” features Native talent and the Comanche language. It’s now streaming on Hulu. Pokagon Band pays tribute to Rep. Jackie Walorski following fatal crash The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi is mourning the loss of Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-Indiana) and two of her staffers who were killed in a car crash. Montana Free Press: Film explores ‘Lost Bird’ who found her way home A new documentary applies a wide-angle lens to a personal story of adoption and assimilation of an Indian child. Native America Calling: Native college students tell their stories For Native students, attending college is more than just their own personal achievement. National Indian Health Board (NIHB) The number of monkeypox cases for American Indians and Alaska Natives is not available as data has not been reported by race. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 508,293 COVID-19 cases through August 3, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 34 new COVID-19 cases and two coronavirus related deaths on August 3, 2022. National Indian Gaming Commission set to announce tribal casino revenues How has another year of COVID-19 affected the Indian gaming industry? We will soon find out with new revenue figures. Native America Calling: Gallup Intertribal Ceremonial Centennial The city of Gallup, New Mexico, is marking 100 years of celebrating the region’s Indigenous culture with events like a parade and traditional song and dance. Native Sun News Today: Tim Giago carved out a lasting legacy in Indian Country Tim Giago wore many hats in his long, eventful life. He was a son, a brother, an uncle, a grandfather, a sailor, a poet, a businessman, an entrepreneur, a talk show host, a journalist, an editor, an author, and a publisher. Clara Caufield: I will see you again Tim Giago It has my honor and privilege to be associated with Tim Giago for 17 years. Gaylord News: Freedmen continue to press for citizenship rights in tribal nations The Cherokee Nation, Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation, Muscogee Nation and Seminole Nation signed treaties that include provisions addressing formerly enslaved persons in their territories. StrongHearts Native Helpline: The harmful effects of colonization on Native communities Domestic violence experienced by Native people is an extension of the harmful effects of colonization. Albert Bender: We are tired of ‘thoughts and prayers’ when it comes to gun violence The U.S. government is in a state of “moral paralysis” on the recurrence of mass shootings. Cronkite News: Nation’s teachers in health crisis There’s a widespread and growing mental health crisis among U.S. teachers – a problem so grim that many are leaving the field. Native America Calling: Tallying current health threats Heat, COVID and monkeypox are all health threats that are looming this summer. Indian Health Service (Department of Health and Human Services) The Indian Health Service has updated its coronavirus data, showing 2,253,805 COVID-19 vaccines administered as of July 31, 2022. Navajo Nation (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah) The Navajo Nation reported 122 new COVID-19 cases over a three-day period from July 30 to August 1, 2022. Fort Belknap landowners see another round of Cobell buy-back offers Landowners from the Fort Belknap Indian Community have until August 12 to accept offers from the Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal Nations. >>> More Headlines >>> Contact indianz@indianz.com 202 630 8439 (THEZ) Search Hot Topics • ‘Who is your family?’: Dakota Beavers from Prey • ‘Friends with benefits’: #MeToo again at NCAI • 'The Elizabeth Warren of the sci-fi set': Rebecca Roanhorse • NCAI #MeToo Allegations • Pretendian Country Today Useful Links Turtle Talk | Native Sun News Today Pechanga.net | Lakota Country Times Sicangu Scribe | ICT | Still Here | YES! Magazine Original Pechanga | Breakdances With Wolves BIA | IHS | OST | Cobell Buy-Back Senate Committee on Indian Affairs House Committee on Natural Resources Breakdances With Wolves National Native News News Archive 2018 | 2017 | 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002 | 2001 | 2000 Indian Gaming Archive 2018 | 2017 | 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 Stay Connected with Indianz.Com Arts & Entertainment Business Canada Cobell Education Environment Federal Recognition Federal Register Health Indian Gaming Indian Trust Jack Abramoff Scandal Jobs & Notices Law National Opinion Politics Sports Technology World Indianz.Com Native American news, information and entertainment. Wholly-owned and operated by Ho-Chunk Inc., the economic development corporation of the Winnebago Tribe. Phone: 202 630 8439 (THEZ) | Email: indianz@indianz.com © Copyright: Indianz.com