Where the Wonders of Learning Never Cease | Wonderopolis We sent you SMS, for complete subscription please reply. home explore wonders what are you wondering? collections follow twitter instagram facebook home explore wonders what are you wondering? collections wonders with charlie privacy about contact follow twitter instagram facebook home explore wonders what are you wondering? collections follow twitter instagram facebook home explore wonders what are you wondering? collections wonders with charlie privacy about contact follow twitter instagram facebook Wonder of the Day #2283 Have You Ever Tasted an Arab Taco? Today’s Wonder of the Day takes a closer look at a Mexican delicacy with a Middle Eastern twist! Wonder of the Day #2057 How Are Currency Exchange Rates Determined? Today’s Wonder of the Day will cost you one dollar…or 18 pesos…or 110 yen… Wonder of the Day #2968 Who Was Lou Castro? Today’s Wonder of the Day is sure to be a home run! Wonder of the Day #2500 What is a Zebra Giraffe? Get ready to explore the depths of the rainforest with today’s Wonder of the Day! Wonder of the Day #2969 How Do We Wonder? Today is pretty WONDERful! Category: ARTS & CULTURE — Food Tags: Cultures Of The World Food Arab Taco Shawarma Mexico Middle East Iraq Puebla Culture Cuisine Taco Árabe Taco Al Pastor Shepherd’S Taco Immigrant Gyro Pita Flatbread Tortilla Meat Lamb Chicken Turkey Pork Onion Pineapple Salt Lime Chipotle Salsa Spit Turkish Doner Kebab Trompo Cultures Of The World Food Arab Taco Shawarma Mexico Middle East Iraq Puebla Culture Cuisine Taco Árabe Taco Al Pastor Shepherd’S Taco Immigrant Gyro Pita Flatbread Tortilla Meat Lamb Chicken Turkey Pork Onion Pineapple Salt Lime Chipotle Salsa Spit Turkish Doner Kebab Trompo Category: SOCIAL STUDIES — Money Tags: Economics Government History Money Social Studies Eiffel Tower Paris Leaning Tower Of Pisa Swiss Alps New York City Mt. Everest Exchange Currency Country American Dollar Euro Yen Peso Value Exchange Rate Gold Gold Standard Paper Supply Demand Market International Monetary System Floating Pegged Fixed United States Canada Great Britain Inflation Interest Rate Unemployment Foreign Investment Trade Economics Government History Money Social Studies Eiffel Tower Paris Leaning Tower Of Pisa Swiss Alps New York City Mt. Everest Exchange Currency Country American Dollar Euro Yen Peso Value Exchange Rate Gold Gold Standard Paper Supply Demand Market International Monetary System Floating Pegged Fixed United States Canada Great Britain Inflation Interest Rate Unemployment Foreign Investment Trade Category: SOCIAL STUDIES — History Tags: Lou Castro Latino Major League Baseball Philadelphia Athletics Baseball Immigrant Minor League Baseball Category: SCIENCE — Life Science Tags: Science Life Science Okapi Zebra Giraffe Animal Rainforest Democratic Republic Of The Congo Drc Food Leaves Trees Zoo Antler Science Life Science Okapi Zebra Giraffe Animal Rainforest Democratic Republic Of The Congo Drc Food Leaves Trees Zoo Antler Category: TECHNOLOGY — Inventions Tags: Wonderopolis Wonder Wonder Of The Day Ncfl National Center For Families Learning Write Writing Research Researching Learn Learning Collections Quiz Have you ever tasted an Arab taco? When was the Arab taco invented? What is shawarma? Find it out Rather than a traditional taco shell, Arab tacos are often served in what? Test your knowledge Share this Wonder How are currency exchange rates determined? What was the gold standard? Which type of currency exchange rate system does the U.S. use? Find it out Which of the following is usually NOT a factor in determining currency exchange rates? Test your knowledge Share this Wonder Who was the first Latino player in Major League baseball? Who was Lou Castro?Why do we remember Lou Castro? Find it out Based on information from the Wonder, what was Lou Castro known for when he was alive? Test your knowledge Share this Wonder What is an okapi?Where do okapis live?What do okapis eat? Find it out What is unique about okapis’ ears, according to this Wonder? Test your knowledge Share this Wonder How can I use Wonderopolis?What are the parts of a Wonder? How do writers make a Wonder? Find it out Who comes up with Wonder questions? Test your knowledge Share this Wonder #2283 Have You Ever Tasted an Arab Taco? #2057 How Are Currency Exchange Rates Determined? #2968 Who Was Lou Castro? #2500 What is a Zebra Giraffe? #2969 How Do We Wonder? Where are You Wondering? Discover Wonder Hotspots nearby and join! EXPLORE WONDER HOTSPOTS What Are You Wondering? Join in the Wonder Creation Make YOUR wonder a wonderful reality! 280,753 ...Questions in the Wonder Bank and counting! Here are the latest... Latest from the Wonder Bank What Is a Multiple? WonderFriend Published as Wonder of the Day #2963 why do we eat meat? alexander how long would it take for you to die from a black hole a Space Carmelo How is electricity created? Dhyan fnaf bentley why do kids need to have phones ryan why does space not have oxygen preston How did people know the exact time when they 1st made clocks? charlotte air `jordan rajayceon why is the brain pink weston how are twins conjoined Trevor does being smart effect your social skills? Siri i wounder who invented homework and why Ashley What effect does racism have on sports players? Xavier Would the same sports players that get racially abused if the field get abused in everyday life? Xavier Can we live without our cellphones? tammy what is candy clicker joshua what is the biggest star Theokardu How did God make Make the world but how is he made ? Katelyn How do components work in a computer? Jack how did spelling start Memphis Rabbits and hares diffrentses Antonio What is an urban legdend Onka how do ants invole blessing Who created God? nicholas how old will i be before i die jonah How Many Air Moducules does earth have graham How do we know how many people are in the world? Emma What am i fine when its 1-5 degrees in Christchurch but i shiver in 9 degrees in Auckland Jasper View all questions in the Wonder Bank Top Nominated Wonder Questions: +58 Why do Olympians bite their medals? Sam — Glen Allen, VA +50 What causes blindness? Katherine — Owatonna, MN +46 How does weeds grow? Rafiul — Sydney, AL +38 How many animals are on earth? helaina — clearwater, FL +35 Why does a slinky get tangled so easily and is so hard to untangle? Terry — Garner, NC +33 Why do we have a president, not a king? Vidit — Dublin, OH Vote for wonder nominees Explore the World of Wonders Discover the latest Wonders from ARTS & CULTURE: Cultures Of The World, Food, Arab Taco, Shawarma, Mexico, Middle East, and more #23 Who Painted the Sistine Chapel? What would you do if someone asked you to spend the next four years working with your arms raised above your head? Sounds like a form of medieval torture. #27 What Would You Do on a Staycation? You don't have to travel to an exotic land or make reservations at a fancy hotel to take your family on an overnight getaway once the weekend rolls around. There's plenty of adventure to be had just b... #14 Why Does Jell-O Jiggle? Over the course of his life, Peter Cooper built a very diverse resume. A former presidential candidate and designer of the first steam locomotive, Cooper also held the first patent for the manufacture... #15 Why Do Superheroes Have Secret Identities? What's that? Up there in the sky! Is it a bird? Could it be a plane? No! It's Superman! He's coming to save the day. Criminals and villains had best beware. Superman will not tolerate any evil shenani... See all wonders Spread the Joy of Wonder GET YOUR WONDER DAILY Subscribe to Wonderopolis and receive the Wonder of the Day® via email Join the Buzz Don't miss our special deals, gifts and promotions. Be the first to know! twitter facebook pinterest youtube instagram Share with the World Tell everybody about Wonderopolis and its wonders. Share Wonderopolis Wonderopolis Widget Interested in sharing Wonderopolis® every day? Want to add a little wonder to your website? Help spread the wonder of families learning together. Add widget Wonderopolis Partners & Sponsors Flipgrid × Spread the Joy of Wonder GET YOUR WONDER DAILY Subscribe to Wonderopolis and receive the Wonder of the Day® via email or SMS Join the Buzz Don’t miss our special deals, gifts and promotions. Be the first to know! twitter facebook pinterest youtube instagram Share with the World Tell everybody about Wonderopolis and its wonders. Share Wonderopolis Wonderopolis Widget Interested in sharing Wonderopolis® every day? Want to add a little wonder to your website? Help spread the wonder of families learning together. Add widget Home WHAT'S NEW Explore wonders Wonder Ground What are you wondering? Collections Donate About Get Widget Wonder Jar Wonder Hotspots Contact 2014–2024 © National Center for Families Learning Legal & Privacy Policy