Private healthcare | Bupa UK Navigation Skip to content Accessibility Help Individuals & families Business Intermediaries Healthcare professionals Find a healthcare professional or service Help & support Contact us Search Bupa Search Sign in Sign in Individuals and family I have Bupa cover or I’m insured through my employer Partners and Intermediaries Providers Online I’m a Bupa recognised healthcare professional or provider Bupa Connect I manage my employees' cover or business clients Consumer Intermediary Portal I’m an intermediary with consumer clients Link to Bupa Homepage Health Insurance Dental Care homes Pay as you go Health information Individuals & families Business Intermediaries Healthcare professionals Find a healthcare professional or service ec2568f0-363c-4b8e-a6ca-8472209bd21f-DE73 Back Health Insurance Health insurance Giving you choice and flexibility Get a quote Business health insurance Health insurance specifically for business Leaving your company health insurance scheme? Health cash plans Health insurance specifically for business To discuss your healthcare needs call us on Personal 0808 271 8573 ^ Members 0330 134 5502 ^ Making a claim Get treatment without seeing a GP† If you have Bupa health insurance, you can come to us before seeing a GP Get treatment 43b24150-3677-44e7-a5ff-fafd4d6e61f0-5AB4 Back Dental Bupa Dental Care Bupa Dental Care Find a dental practice Services Treatments Ways to pay Bupa Smile Plan Symptoms Dental FAQs News Dental emergency Parents and children Book an appointment Dental insurance Dental insurance Make a claim Dental insurance FAQs Find answers to common dental insurance questions Common dental symptoms Dental professionals Dental professionals Dentist referrals Refer your patient to us for specific treatments Dental careers Look for a career with Bupa Dental Care d1109035-faf5-4935-916c-28ddcf61f8e6-425E Back Care homes Where do I start? Life in a Bupa Care Home What type of care do I need? Funding for care News and events Work with us Call to find out more about care home careers 0808 231 1041 Watch our TV advert Customer Care Team Arranging care can be stressful, we’re here to help. Based in Leeds, our Customer Care Team provides free advice and support whenever you need it. Call our Customer Care Team on 03456004622​^ Find a care home f8430b68-0fa8-4077-a6f4-c7acec0e55d3-66E6 Back Pay as you go Private GP services Health assessments Targeted Cancer Screening Earwax removal Menopause treatment Period Plan Sexual health services Weight Management Plan Physiotherapy Muscles, bones and joints Cromwell Hospital Private GP annual payment plan Book an appointment Book a GP appointment, health assessment, sexual health check and more, at a time that suits you. Available at home or in a Bupa health centre across the UK. Call us on 0345 600 3458 Book an appointment 0703bebe-8c21-4f5a-9ed2-2ffdd4e13bf7-2C59 Back Health information Health information home Get free advice from health experts on a wide range of conditions. From causes and symptoms to diagnosis and treatment. Health blog Keeping you up to date with the latest health and wellbeing information and trends. Browse by A-Z Conditions, treatments and procedures Piles BMI calculator Meniscal tear Pain behind the knee Gastroenteritis Browse by health topic Expert advice organised by topic Knee pain Mental health Cancer Dementia Gut health Endometriosis Action Month Endometriosis affects about one in every 10 women, yet there’s still a lack of understanding about the condition and the impact it can have. We're committed to raising awareness of the symptoms of endometriosis, leading to a more prompt diagnosis and access to care. Endometriosis information Private healthcare Your wellbeing, on your terms. This is health. What can we help you with today? Health Insurance Take control of your health. Get flexible insurance to cover yourself, plus a partner or family members. What is health insurance? What does health insurance cost? Get an insurance quote Pay as you go healthcare No insurance, no problem. Get quick and easy access to our range of healthcare services. Just pay for what you need. Book a health assessment Book a private GP appointment Pay as you go services Dental services Healthy teeth and gums make for healthy bodies and minds. See an NHS dentist or go private. Payment options available. What is dental insurance? Dental treatments we provide Find a Bupa dental practice Care homes It's more than choosing a care home... it's emotional support, having your needs met, and a good quality of life. What type of care do I need? Care home costs More on Bupa care services Health cash plans Every penny counts, so get some back. Claim for dentist appointments, eye tests, physiotherapy and more. What is a health cash plan? Make a cash plan claim Our health cash plans Free health information The more you know, the more you can do. Explore our library of conditions, treatment and healthy living. A-Z of conditions and treatments Visit our mental health hub Find information on health Cover all your kids for the price of one Bupa Family+ is family health insurance for all of family life. Add more than one child under 20 years old to your policy, and you'll only pay for the eldest, no matter how many children you add.† Plus, families pay 10% less for joint cover compared to the price of separate policies for each family member.†† Learn about Bupa Family+ Get a quote Keep it simple with a digital account Get easy access to our apps and online services with a single, secure account. It’s all your healthcare and benefits with just one set of sign in details. More about your digital account Make wellbeing work for you in Bupa Touch Use your digital account to look after your mind and body. Over 1,500 live and on demand classes, from yoga to HIIT workouts Follow exercise plans designed for all levels Guided meditations to help with breathing, sitting, walking and stretching Access articles and videos filled with proactive wellbeing advice More on Digital Wellbeing Your health in your hands How to cope with anxiety Health is, sometimes, just getting through the day. We offer free mental health support whether you have Bupa health insurance or not. Visit our mental health hub Dementia support Health is finding the safety that dementia had taken away. Whether you have dementia yourself or are looking after a loved one, there are various organisations that you can turn to for support. Get dementia advice Free health assessments with small business health insurance Take out a new Select health insurance policy and you’ll get a free health assessment for every employee covered up to a maximum of ten. For new customers who purchase directly from Bupa and are not switching from another provider. Offer ends 30 April 2024. T&Cs apply† Find out more Get a guide price We’re recruiting Make a difference every day by working for Bupa. There are roles in our care homes, our contact centres and our offices. With Bupa, you’ll have room to grow and develop in your work. You’ll enjoy health benefits, as well as a competitive salary. Find a role at Bupa Trustpilot † Add more than one child under 20 years old to your policy and you’ll only pay for the eldest child, no matter how many more children you add. Children aged 20 or over cannot receive free cover or count as an ‘eldest child’ for this offer. Cover must include at least two children aged 19 or under. You’ll still receive our 10% family discount if you have free child cover. Children do not have to live at the same address as the main member. This offer applies to our Comprehensive and Treatment and Care policies. We may remove or change these offers when you renew. See full Terms and Conditions (PDF, 0.07MB). †† Families pay 10% less for a joint policy compared to the price of separate policies for each family member. Cover must include at least one adult and one or more children. Children do not have to live at the same address as the main member. This offer applies to our Bupa By You Comprehensive and Treatment and Care health insurance policies. This offer may change or be unavailable when you renew. Bupa health insurance is provided by Bupa Insurance Limited. Registered in England and Wales No. 3956433. Bupa Insurance Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Arranged and administered by Bupa Insurance Services Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England and Wales No. 3829851. Registered office: 1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ. Health Health overview Health insurance Health cash plans Health assessments Pay as you go healthcare Bupa Centres Dental Dental overview Bupa Dental Care Book an appointment Patient portal Treatments Dental services Symptoms Emergency dentist Ways to pay Dental insurance Mental health Mental health overview Advice and tools Conditions we support Family mental health support Mental health information Care homes Care homes Where do I start? What type of care do I need? Life in a Bupa Care Home Funding for care Customer Care Team News and events Find a care home Resident Terms & Conditions (PDF, 1.2MB) Care home costs Health information Health information overview A-Z Health Topics Health Blog Cancer Dementia Mental health About Bupa About Bupa overview Pension scheme documents Fraud prevention Financial information Bupa Newsroom Cancer promise Our leaders Careers Wellbeing Index ParalympicsGB sponsorship Digital account Digital account overview What is a digital account? Bupa Touch Member help and support Careers Privacy and cookies Sitemap Accessibility Legal notices Data tips Modern Slavery Act Investment scam-warning © Bupa 2024 Bupa VirtualAssistant Website 9be4df54-f418-418e-ac3b-84a3c9474e5a https://bhwuk52-crm4.omnichannelengagementhub.com https://oc-cdn-public-eur.azureedge.net/livechatwidget/scripts/LiveChatBootstrapper.js 486608f4-fa89-4171-88cf-abcd7e6f4767 prod Talk to us