The Markup Investigations and Tools Amazon’s Advantage Organ Failure Blacklight Pixel Hunt Citizen Browser Privacy Languages of Misinformation Still Loading Machine Learning Working for an Algorithm Search term About Us Donate Awards Have a Tip? Team Show Your Work Jobs Newsletters Events Facebook Twitter Instagram Mastodon RSS Feed Skip navigation Menu Not in the metaverse The Markup Donate About Us Donate The Markup challenges technology to serve the public good. Our journalism is actionable and drives real-world impact. Explore our investigations, tools, and blueprints to see how. This Just In Demoted, Deleted, and Denied: There’s More Than Just Shadowbanning on Instagram An investigation by The Markup found that the platform demoted images of the Israel–Hamas war, deleted captions without warning, and denied users the option to appeal Related links: Resource: What To Do If You Think You’ve Been Shadowbanned on Instagram Show Your Work: How We Investigated Shadowbanning on Instagram What Happens When Your Art Is Used to Train AI A conversation with web cartoonist Dorothy Gambrell on the curdled internet, labor, and how we became just numbers How Automated Content Moderation Works (Even When It Doesn’t) Instagram, YouTube, and other platforms moderate billions of posts—here are some of their common techniques Investigations Our investigations use data-driven journalism and our own engineering expertise to reveal the hidden impacts of how tech is used. See more of our investigations A Death Sentence: Native Americans Shut Out of the Nation’s Liver Transplant System Despite being more likely to die of liver disease, Native Americans are far less likely to make the transplant list than White people Related links: Investigation: Poorer States Suffer Under New Organ Donation Rules, As Livers Go to Waste Each Facebook User is Monitored by Thousands of Companies A new study looks at who is sending information about your online activity to Facebook Related links: Related: Suicide Hotlines Promise Anonymity. Dozens of Their Websites Send Sensitive Data to Facebook Plagiarism Detection Tools Offer a False Sense of Accuracy The tools that likely brought down Harvard president Claudine Gay are improperly used on students all the time Related links: Related: AI Detection Tools Falsely Accuse International Students of Cheating Impact Our journalism has driven real-world change—from changes in government policy to the removal of tracking technology. See more of our impact L.A. Is Changing How It Scores “Vulnerability” of Unhoused People An investigation by The Markup sparked demands for answers Related links: Original Investigation: L.A.’s Scoring System for Subsidized Housing Gives Black and Latino People Experiencing Homelessness Lower Priority Scores Los Angeles Becomes First U.S. City to Outlaw Digital Discrimination A Markup investigation in 2022 found households in L.A.’s poorest neighborhoods were disproportionately asked to pay high prices for slow internet service Related links: Original investigation: Dollars to Megabits, You May Be Paying 400 Times As Much As Your Neighbor for Internet Service Senators Demand Justice Department Halt Funding to Predictive Policing Programs The Markup's investigations have shown how a predictive policing algorithm was both discriminatory and inaccurate Related links: Original investigation: Crime Prediction Software Promised to Be Free of Biases. New Data Shows It Perpetuates Them Don’t miss a thing. Subscribe to our newsletter to be the first to know when we publish new investigations, tools, and more. Enter your email address Subscribe Please complete this CAPTCHA to help us ensure our subscription list is not abused. hCaptcha accessibility Help us help you change the world. The Markup relies on donations to power our work. Give today and let’s change the world together. Donate Now Blueprints We publish our datasets, methodologies, story recipes, and processes so communities, journalists, and researchers can check our work and build on our reporting. See more of our resources How We Investigated Racial Disparities in Liver Transplants We found Native Americans were listed for a transplant significantly less often than other racial groups compared with their number of deaths from liver disease Related links: Investigation: A Death Sentence: Native Americans Shut Out of the Nation’s Liver Transplant System How to Run a Public Records Audit with a Team of Students Templates and tips from our FOI audit while investigating Amazon Ring’s social media platform, Neighbors Related links: Original investigation: Accidental Spies: Amazon Ring Owners May Be Unknowingly Emailing Police Second-Generation Americans: What to Do When Loved Ones Are Sharing Misinformation Don’t get into a political argument. Talk about misinformation instead Related links: Đọc bằng tiếng Việt: Người Mỹ thế hệ thứ hai: Làm gì khi người thân lan truyền những tin tức không đúng Read the series: Languages of Misinformation Tools Our tools hold institutions accountable for the way they use technology, pulling back the curtain so readers can see for themselves how technology affects them. See more of our tools Is Twitter Throttling a Website Right Now? Measure in real-time how long it takes for X’s link shortener to redirect to any URL. Related links: Update: Twitter Is Throttling Patreon Links, Creators Say It Undermines Their Livelihood Announcing Three New Features for the Blacklight Privacy Inspector The Markup’s popular tool now gives you more ways to understand how sites are tracking you Related links: Update: Blacklight Updated With New Tracker Lists See the Neighborhoods Internet Providers Excluded from Fast Internet Explore The Markup’s interactive map to see where AT&T, CenturyLink, and Verizon offered only slow internet speeds in major U.S. cities Related links: Resource: Slow Internet? Find Out What Side of the Digital Divide You’re On Inside The Markup Call for Pitches: Misinformation in Immigrant Communities February 9, 2024 The Markup Wins Philip Meyer Journalism Award January 17, 2024 Meet the People Taking The Markup Reporting Off the Page and Into Real Life December 23, 2023 View all articles Return to The Markup's homepage Your contributions help us investigate how technology influences our society. Donate About Us Our Donors Ethics Policy Events Board of Directors Jobs Team Have a Tip? Newsletters A Letter from the President Awards Privacy Policy Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Instagram Mastodon RSS Feed Sign up to get the Hello World newsletter in your inbox every Saturday. Enter your email address Subscribe Please complete this CAPTCHA to help us ensure our subscription list is not abused. hCaptcha accessibility