Nature's Emporium - Natural & Organic Food and Supplements Skip to content Nature's Emporium Toronto and Oakville Now Open. For employment opportunities, click here. Shop Online, Pickup Curbside Menu Home Shop NE Online Delivery by Instacart Catering Family Catering Corporate Catering Flyer Events Lunar New Year Market – Toronto – Feb 6 Recipes Blog #ThrivingWithNatures Nature’s News Giving Back Healthy Tips Holiday About Contact Locations Newmarket Maple Woodbridge Burlington Toronto (South Core) Oakville Careers Our Story Our Mission Our Brands Menus Holiday Hours Fresh FindsFresh FindsShop our new weekly Fresh Finds flyer and special promos. SAVE NOWFresh FindsShop our new weekly Fresh Finds flyer and special promos. SAVE NOW30th AnniversaryCELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF HEALTH & WELLNESSOUR STORYStore LocationsVISITOur two new locationsTORONTO LOCATION Shops @ One York (2nd Level) 110 Harbour Street, Toronto OAKVILLE LOCATION Dorval Crossing 210 North Service Rd. W., Oakville DISCOVER ALL LOCATIONSOrganic ProduceShop with confidence at Nature's Emporium where our produce is ALWAYS 100% certified organic.SHOP NOWEcomm Hero Carousel Template Images - BOGO Fresh FindsFresh FindsShop our new weekly Fresh Finds flyer and special promos. SAVE NOWFresh FindsShop our new weekly Fresh Finds flyer and special promos. SAVE NOW30th AnniversaryCELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF HEALTH & WELLNESSOUR STORYStore LocationsVISITOur two new locationsTORONTO LOCATION Shops @ One York (2nd Level) 110 Harbour Street, Toronto OAKVILLE LOCATION Dorval Crossing 210 North Service Rd. W., Oakville DISCOVER ALL LOCATIONSOrganic ProduceShop with confidence at Nature's Emporium where our produce is ALWAYS 100% certified organic.SHOP NOWEcomm Hero Carousel Template Images - BOGO Explore Our Stores Find Your Nature's: Let Us Join You on the Road to Good Health! At Nature's Emporium, we believe that good health begins on farms that grow in partnership with Nature. That's why we've dedicated our family-owned health food market's to the goodness of farm-fresh, always organic fresh produce, natural and organic freshly prepared foods and grocery, a vibrant juice bar and cafe, the world's finest vitamins and supplements, as well as an incredible variety of all-natural and organic skincare, cosmetics and personal care supplies safe for the whole family (baby too!). We invite you to explore our stores - and join us on the road to good health! Click HERE to Explore Our Stores! Never Miss Your Chance to Save.Subscribe Today! When you subscribe to our digital newsletter, we'll send you our latest flyers, important store news and our upcoming events - everything you need to Eat Well & Live Better! Subscribe to Our Mailing List Our Story Learn More About Our Journey of Health!We've been committed to sustainable, healthy living with natural, local organic food, vitamins, supplements, gluten-free, natural make-up, skincare, home-care and more for 30 years! Discover our journey, and find out how you can join in as we write the next chapter together! Read Our Story Our Mission Helping To Nourish Healthy Communities!Nature’s Emporium was established in 1993. Our goal? To introduce and support a healthy and natural lifestyle within our community. We continue that journey today, providing you with the world’s best natural and organic foods, vitamins, supplements and more – from our family to yours! Read Our Mission Always Organic Our Commitment to Sustainable Farming!We believe that good health begins on farms that grow in partnership with nature! That's why all of our fresh produce is always certified organic. We're committed to sharing our passion for Nature's best with you in-store every day. We invite you to come for a visit and explore! Learn More Explore more healthy tips, recipes and more! Explore our blog for simple, delicious ways to boost your wellness. Explore our Blog Our Blog Enjoy Healthy Tips, Natural and Organic Recipes and More! 3 New Heart-Healthy Recipes to Celebrate Heart Health Month February 3, 2023 February is Heart Health Month, and we’ve whipped up three new recipes that are both yummy and good for your ticker! Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death in Canada and a major cause of disability. So many risk factors that come into play with heart disease. We can control some of… The Benefits of Bone Broth January 25, 2023 Mother knows best! This is a sentiment that was shared most likely with you while growing up and while she may not have always been right, she was right about the benefits of her homemade chicken noodle soup when you were sick! When you think of Immune health, your digestive system likely wouldn’t be the… 10 New Year’s Resolutions for a Fresh Start December 28, 2022 10 Tips to Start the 2023 Off Right! Welcome to the New Year! 2023 is here and it’s time for us to start fresh – not just for ourselves, but for our families too. Whether you are single or married, it’s always beneficial to review (or sometimes make) some personal resolutions at this time of… 6 Ways To Keep Immune Health Strong This Fall October 13, 2022 It’s officially autumn! Time to put on your coziest sweater and grab our signature Pumpkin Spice latté from Juiceppe’s Café to start the season off right. It’s time to prepare your immune system and kick your health routine into high gear. This means taking care of your body and prioritizing a healthy diet with plenty… It’s Organic Week: Five Reasons to Shop Organic September 14, 2022 Organic Week Is One of Our Favourite Times of the Year! The Canadian Health Food Association, Canadian Organic Growers, and the Canadian Organic Trade Association organize Organic Week every September. Between September 12 and September 18, we emphasize sharing information about why choosing organic foods is good for your health and the environment. Here are… 5 Back to School Health Tips to Keep Kids Feeling Healthy & Energized August 18, 2022 August is Time to Stock up on Back-To-School Essentials Be proactive this back-to-school season by creating a health and wellness regimen that fits in with keeps your little ones feeling energized and healthy throughout the school year. At Nature’s Emporium, we offer a wide selection of vitamins, supplements, and herbs for the entire family’s needs.… More LinksReturns & Exchanges Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Site Map Latest Blog Posts 3 New Heart-Healthy Recipes to Celebrate Heart Health Month The Benefits of Bone Broth 10 New Year’s Resolutions for a Fresh Start © 2024 Nature's Emporium. All rights reserved. Scroll To Top 0 Your Cart