Anil Dash Anil Dash About anildash@me.dm Hi, I'm Anil Dash I’m a tech entrepreneur and writer trying to make the technology world more thoughtful, creative and humane. You can read more about me here. This is a blog about how culture is made, continuously updated since 1999. While you're here, check out my writing about tech, Prince, or the Best Of the first 25 years of this blog. Recent posts “Wherever you get your podcasts” is a radical statement You've heard the call to action at the end of nearly every podcast you've ever listened to: "Listen to us on your favorite podcast app", or in the phrasing of podcaster extraordinare Roman Mars, "...wherever you find podcasts".... 06 Feb 2024 • tech Best Of Most Popular Personal blogs are where tech news happens It has been a full generation since the last time I can remember the definitive, most credible perspectives on a major tech news story happening across multiple people's personal blogs, but amazingly, the open web renaissance has brought us the kind... 19 Jan 2024 • tech The Web Renaissance Takes Off Not too long ago, I said "Thanks to the mistrust of big tech, the creation of better tools for developers, and the weird and wonderful creativity of ordinary people, we’re seeing an incredibly unlikely comeback: the web is thriving again."... 03 Jan 2024 • tech web culture That goddamn mug I find myself often having to explain to people how our reaction to certain events or actions depends a lot on the existing context where we were relating to someone, and while it's imperfect, there's an analogy I often use to do that job. Imagine a... 10 Nov 2023 • absurdity It's unrecognizable I didn't think I'd keep reflecting on this day, but somehow I can't. It's been with me for most of my lifetime that I can remember, and perhaps more importantly, the world's narrative about what happened that day is completely unrecognizable to me. I... 11 Sep 2023 • nyc I am the answer to the Single Puzzle It's happened again! I'm an answer in today's Daily Crossword Puzzle over at Vulture, called The Single Puzzle This is thanks (once more) to Malaika Handa, seen previously in one of my earlier crossword appearances. Yes, this somehow happens fairly... 08 Aug 2023 • absurdity "VC qanon" and the radicalization of the tech tycoons Today, in the New York Times, Paul Krugman shares a key insight that his headline editor summarizes as The Rich Are Crazier Than You and Me. While this is true, what's even more key to me is why the most prominent tech tycoons (who are one of the... 07 Jul 2023 • tech twitter Today's AI is unreasonable There's an extraordinary amount of hype around "AI" right now, perhaps even greater than in past cycles, where we've seen an AI bubble about once per decade. This time, the focus is on generative systems, particularly LLMs and other tools... 08 Jun 2023 • tech What was selling out? Back in the latter part of the 20th century, a lot of subcultures held onto a concept called "selling out", a nebulously-defined idea based on a negative view of compromising one's values or creative expression in the pursuit of money or,... 14 Mar 2023 • music culture Never Do Without You: Adding the seasoning Back in 2021, my friend Jesse Thorn interviewed two of my creative heroes, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, for an absolutely indispensible episode of Bullseye. The whole show is incredible, but the highlight for me is at the 47:43 mark: Jesse:... 01 Mar 2023 • music Janet Jackson The tech tycoon martyrdom charade I've been saying this for a few years now, but it's worth recording here for the record: It's impossible to overstate the degree to which many big tech CEOs and venture capitalists are being radicalized by living within their own cultural and social... 27 Feb 2023 • tech twitter How you could build a search that the fediverse would welcome Mastodon and the fediverse are clearly taking off, bringing in millions of new users, and also organically inspiring a wave of technical innovation that dwarfs all of the efforts that the bribes and empty promises of the Web3 crypto bubble couldn't... 16 Jan 2023 • tech web twitter fediverse View All Posts Remix on 🎏Glitch @anildash