Welcome to Ofgem | Ofgem Skip to main content Please enable JavaScript in your web browser to get the best experience. Open menu Main navigation About us Back About us Our role and responsibilities Our strategy and priorities Our structure and leadership Contact us Corporate policies Corporate publications Working for Ofgem Ofgem Graduate Development Programme Ofgem annual reports Ofgem whistleblowing annual reports Information for consumers Back Information for consumers Energy advice for households Energy advice for businesses Environmental and social schemes Back Environmental and social schemes Boiler Upgrade Scheme (BUS) Counter fraud for environmental and social programmes Domestic Renewable Heat Incentive (Domestic RHI) Energy Company Obligation (ECO) Feed-in Tariffs (FIT) Great British Insulation Scheme Green Gas Support Scheme (GGSS) and Green Gas Levy (GGL) Non-Domestic Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) Offtaker of Last Resort (OLR) Renewables and CHP Register Renewables Energy Guarantees Origin (REGO) Renewables Obligation (RO) Smart Export Guarantee (SEG) Warm Home Discount (WHD) Previous Environmental and Social Schemes Energy policy and regulation Back Energy policy and regulation Industry licensing Back Industry licensing Licences and licence conditions How to become a licensed gas or electricity company Licence modifications, derogations, revocations and transfers Lists of licensed companies Industry codes and standards Measuring the impact of our policy decisions Compliance and enforcement Engagement Back Engagement Consultations Calls for Input Forums and working groups Policy and regulatory programmes Back Policy and regulatory programmes Active programmes Inactive programmes Policy and regulatory publications Back Policy and regulatory publications Company publications Licence and sectoral publications Industry codes publications Energy data and research Back Energy data and research Data portal Energy data publications Ofgem consumer research News and views Back News and views Press releases Blog News Speeches and presentations Show search English Cymraeg Welcome to Ofgem We are the energy regulator for Great Britain. We work to protect energy consumers, especially vulnerable people, by ensuring they are treated fairly and benefit from a cleaner, greener environment. Print this page Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Latest news and updates More news and updates Ofgem action drives £5.53 million back to energy customers Ofgem has secured another win for customers, with electricity generator Dorenell Windfarm Limited to make a payment of £5.53 million following a breach of energy market rules. Published: 4 March 2024 Press release Ofgem gives provisional green light to projects to power millions of homes Ofgem gives provisional approval to projects including the first ever hybrid interconnector linking Europe’s power systems and offshore wind resources. Published: 1 March 2024 Press release Welcome fall in the price cap but high debt levels remain Ofgem CEO welcomes lower prices amid continued concerns around affordability for customers. Published: 23 February 2024 Press release Changes to energy price cap between 1 April to 30 June 2024 Details the changes to the maximum amount energy suppliers can charge people on default tariffs for each unit of energy between 1 April to 30 June 2024. Published: 23 February 2024 News More news and updates Ofgem for consumers Energy price cap The energy price cap is the maximum amount energy suppliers can charge you for each unit of energy and standing charge if you're on a standard variable tariff. Get help if you cannot afford your energy bills Advice and support if you are having difficulties with your gas and electric bills. Reduce your bills - schemes and grants Benefits and schemes that could help heat your home and cut your energy costs. Includes free boiler and insulation services and winter fuel payments. Find your energy supplier Not sure who your provider is? A recent energy bill will hold this information, but these services can also help. Ofgem for schemes Environmental and social schemes See information on our renewable energy equipment and measures for applicants, existing participants and energy suppliers and installers. Log in to your scheme register Log in to your environmental scheme account: MyRHI, the RHI Register, the Renewables and CHP Register and the ECO Register. Ofgem for industry Energy policy and regulation See information on the programmes we run, the licences we administer and the decisions we make on the companies and sectors we regulate. Industry licensing Information on licensing, including how to apply for a licence, the conditions of our licences and lists of currently licensed companies. Compliance and enforcement Information on how we monitor company activity and ensure redress or penalty where there is inappropriate behaviour or breach of licence. Engagement Share your views and have your say in our consultations and calls for input. You can also access a searchable index of all our forums and working groups. Policy and regulatory programmes Access detailed information on all of the current and historical programmes of work carried out by our policy and regulatory directorates. Policy and regulatory publications Lists of our policy and regulatory publications arranged by company, licence, sector and industry code. More about Ofgem Ofgem data portal View interactive data charts on retail markets, wholesale markets, networks and customer service for gas and electricity in Great Britain. Consumer research Read research reports and access data on the experience of energy consumers in Great Britain Alerts and updates Sign up to our daily update and stay informed about our publications and events, or subscribe to one of our regular scheme newsletters. Master publications library A full searchable list of all of our publications dating back to 1998, filterable by date, sector, scheme and more. Join us See what it's like to work at Ofgem, browse current vacancies and read more about our Graduate Development Programme. Contact us Details of how to contact us on a range of issues, from consumer information to scheme guidance, official information requests and whistleblowing. Subscribe to receive our latest news and communications Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Ofgem is the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets. We are a non-ministerial government department and an independent National Regulatory Authority. Our role is to protect consumers now and in the future by working to deliver a greener, fairer energy system. Learn more about us Contact us Contact us Other Cookies Energy terms explained Log in to your scheme register Master publications library Ofgem privacy policy Search licences: Electronic Public Register Subscribe to our news services Website accessibility Close