Imbibe Magazine - The Ultimate Drinks Magazine Subscribe + Save Skip to content Imbibe-Logo-LIQUID-CULTURE2-10 Recipes Cocktails + Spirits Wine + Beer Food Alcohol-Free Mixers + Garnishes How-To Imbibe 75 Cocktails + Spirits Articles Recipes How-To People Destinations Imbibe 75 Wine + Beer Articles Recipes People Destinations Imbibe 75 Alcohol-Free Articles Recipes People Destinations Imbibe 75 Magazine Current Issue Explore Past Issues Where to Buy Subscribe arrow Get a Subscription Give a Gift Renew Pay an Invoice Change Your Address Customer Service icons icons icons Shop Events + Promotions Negroni Week Podcast Newsletter Recipes Cocktails + Spirits Wine + Beer Food Alcohol-Free Mixers + Garnishes How-To Imbibe 75 Cocktails + Spirits Articles Recipes How-To People Destinations Imbibe 75 Wine + Beer Articles Recipes People Destinations Imbibe 75 Alcohol-Free Articles Recipes People Destinations Imbibe 75 Magazine Current Issue Explore Past Issues Where to Buy Subscribe Get a Subscription Give a Gift Renew Pay an Invoice Change Your Address Customer Service Shop Events + Promotions Negroni Week Podcast Newsletter icons icons icons Viva Vermouth! Inside the March/April Issue: A vermouth deep-dive, the new school of Spanish Wine, spring cocktails, and much more. arrow arrow A Perfect Pairing Vermouth & Food Madrid-based author and vermouth devotee François Monti shares his favorite vermouth and food pairings. Read More Gin Up Subscribe to Imbibe and Get a Free Guide to Gin Subscribe Now Search For A Recipe All Recipes Cocktails + Spirits Wine + Beer Food Alcohol-Free Mixers + Garnish How-To Chrysanthemum Cocktail Vermut Preparado Ric Pear Blanc: A Vermouth Cocktail Masala Chai Negroni Strawberry Cheesecake Iced Latte Jet Pilot Clarified Milk Punch Apapacho Café John’s Old Fashioned Coffee Grog From Three Dots and a Dash Parisian Dispatch: A Blanc Vermouth Cocktail Spicy Avocado Margarita Kimchi Bloody Mary Number 30: A Low-Proof Carrot Cocktail Hold Your Horses: A Wintry Old Fashioned North StarGria: A Winter Sangria Cini Tini: A Dirty Martini Brown Sugar Milk Tea With Homemade Boba Pearls El Gibson: A Mezcal Gibson The Buzz: A Tequila Cocktail Pistachio Fizz Golden Crown by Katherine Boushel Fluffy Lemonade Lambrusco Spritz Tulum Tomorrow by Baylee Hopings Bourbon Brown Butter Cashew Tart Tangerine Gimlet Pink Elephant: A Spicy Tequila Cocktail Harvey Wallbanger Sour The Blinker Cocktail Haymaker: An Espresso Cocktail Holy Smoke: A Manzanilla Sherry Cocktail Hot Sauce Committee: A Spicy Margarita Rye and Beer Pancakes Thief of Hearts: A Winter Cocktail Flip-Flip-Flipadelphia: A Spicy Flip Cocktail Daddy’s Daiq: A Daiquiri Recipe Cafe Ireland: Irish Whiskey Cocktail Meet Me at the Clock: A French 75 Riff Blue Blazer Mexican Hot Chocolate Cocktail Clausmopolitan: A Vodka Cranberry Cocktail You Don’t Gnome Me: A Holiday Tequila Cocktail Carajillo From True Laurel Staycation: A Chestnut Whiskey Sour Sharkey’s First Christmas: A Tropical Midori Cocktail Top Friends: A Winter Cocktail Tahini White Russian Honey Baked Apples: An Autumnal Apple Cocktail Cafe Martini: A Tequila Espresso Martini Coulda Woulda Shoulda From Hey Love Winter Pimm’s Cup From Pacific Cocktail Haven Cranberry-Orange Shrub Eggnog Bites Campfire Story From Root & Flower Lunar Vision: A Carrot Colada Ciderhouse Mule From Pebble Bar Five-Spice Rolls With Milk Tea Glaze Dead to Port: A Split-Base Winter Cocktail Beet It: A Mezcal Beet Cocktail Fireside: A Tropical Pumpkin Spice Cocktail Earl Grey Loaf Cake Tropical Lion’s Tail Snowbird: A Mezcal Painkiller The Dead Rabbit: A Mezcal Sour Frostbite: A Holiday Painkiller Grapefruit Almond Tonic Faygo Orange Chicken Picante Amante: A Prickly Pear Margarita Secret Letters of the Alphabet: A Spirit-Free Cocktail Dusk on the Delta: A Whisky Highball Hoodwinked: A Pineapple Mezcal Cocktail 5 O’Clock Cheddar Ale Soup Bamboo Cocktail Sesame Street: A Sesame Mai Tai Coconut Matcha Sour Créme de Funk: A Cold-Brew Bourbon Cocktail Keys Razor: A Spicy Melon Cocktail Fireside Old Fashioned Recipe Hundred Acre Wood: A Spirit-Free Tea Cocktail Holding Hands: A Split-Base Boulevardier Sour Peach Negroni From Jewel of the South OAK->KIN: A Mezcal Negroni Boulevardier Fruit Cup From Azo Drinks Island Time: A Rum Negroni Brothers Boulevardier Hotel Valentine: A Negroni Sbagliato Riff Negroni Svegliato: A Coffee Negroni Tinto de Negroni: A Low-ABV Negroni Take The Notorious F.I.G.: A Fig Negroni Milano-Torino Recipe Texas Sunset Seyhan Relief: A Turmeric Piña Colada Homemade Plum Gin Benedetto Alfieri: A Bell Pepper Cocktail Pinch Hitter by Derek Brown Bella Donna From The Courtesy Garrison Brothers Just Peachy Chai No Lait: A Chai Gin Sour Heart of Stone: A Boulevardier Variation Summer of Love Punch Recipe Tight and See-Through: A Clarified Coconut Milk Punch Crocodile Tail: A Tequila Martini Tahini Shake With Date Syrup “Fighting Joe” Hooker Blueberry Whiskey Cocktail Thai Iced Tea arrow arrow Nevermind the Guinness: You Can’t Have an Irish Bar Without Craic Craic is integral to Irish bar culture, but it has surprisingly little to do with drinking. Famous Women in Drinks History Six trailblazers who helped shape the culture of drinks. Hot Drinks for Winter Sipping A few of our favorite winter warmers. 6 to Try: Small-Producer Wine Picks From The Ruby Fruit Emily Bielagus of LA's The Ruby Fruit shares her favorite small-producer wines of the moment. The Luxury Side of Non-Vintage Champagne Adapting to an increasingly warm world, Champagne producers are blending vintages. arrow arrow Popular Now Nevermind the Guinness: You Can’t Have an Irish Bar Without Craic Famous Women in Drinks History Hot Drinks for Winter Sipping 6 to Try: Small-Producer Wine Picks From The Ruby Fruit The Luxury Side of Non-Vintage Champagne Popular Now Nevermind the Guinness: You Can’t Have an Irish Bar Without Craic Famous Women in Drinks History Hot Drinks for Winter Sipping 6 to Try: Small-Producer Wine Picks From The Ruby Fruit The Luxury Side of Non-Vintage Champagne Podcast New on Radio Imbibe We catch up with Imbibe 75 alum and master blender Victoria Eady Butler about her work at Uncle Nearest and the brand’s latest projects. Tune In Seasonal Recipes The Suffragette A plum-accented beauty. Jitterbug Café Where the Irish Coffee and Espresso Martini meet. She Only Wears Green A verdant and herbaceous mix. Cafe Ireland A simple but robust whiskey sipper. Rain Delay The perfect pre-game sipper. Milady's Martini A cheeky pink drink from a cocktail legend. Green Bay Bloody Mary Recipe Brian Bartels pairs refreshing cucumber and tart tomatillo in this delicious riff. Brandy Brioche French Toast Brandy and espresso make this brunch staple extra decadent. Hot Oaxacan A warming cocktail for chilly nights. El Centro A complex tropical-inspired cocktail for unseasonably warm winter days. Winter Spice Latte Cozy up to this seasonal coffee drink. Vietnamese Coffee Tiramisu Chicory coffee and condensed milk offer a fun alternative to the classic. Smoky Chicken Ragu with Mezcal, Chiles and Olives Mezcal accents smoky chiles in this rich ragu. Intro to Vermouth Aperitif A rich trio of vermouths. Blood Orange Mule A crushable take on the classic highball. Coq Au Vin A French classic that offers the ultimate winter comfort. Manhattan Fog Cocktail A sweet and savory take on the Manhattan. Homemade Limoncello Limoncello has been popular in the citrus-growing regions along Italy’s Amalfi coast for more than a century. Ancho Chile Hot Chocolate Chile liqueur fires up this Mexican-style hot chocolate. Calvados Daiquiri A French twist on a classic. Midnight Marauder No. 2 A perfect nightcap. Stargazing With Galileo The perfect after-dinner cocktail. Queen Garden Swizzle A bright and botanical spirit-free swizzle. Winter Milk Punch A silky sipper for the holidays. White Elephant A bundle of dark and complex flavors beckon winter sipping. Red Wine Sangaree A stripped-down, holiday-ready spin on sangria. arrow arrow DRINK OF THE WEEK The Botanist Islay Cask Rested Gin This new release would stir up a killer Martinez or add depth to a classic Bee’s Knees. Read More Inside the March/April Issue The Lime Rickey Endures Trendy drinks may come and go, but this OG zero-proof delight has stood the test of time. Elements: Cocchi Americano Cocktails How to unlock Cocchi Americano's flavor potential. Drinks Atlas: Alto Adige, Italy Despite 3,000 years of winemaking history in the region, Alto Adige wines feel fresh. Cream Cocktails: Where the Cocktail Bar Meets the Dairy Aisle The rise and fall of cream drinks. More From The Magazine Classic Cocktail Recipes 20th Century A classic gin cocktail named after the 20th Century Limited express passenger train. Affinity A classic scotch cocktail gets a modern update. Amaretto Sour A 1970's-era classic that has flowed in and out of favor through the years. Alaska A three-ingredient classic to add to your cocktail repertoire. Appetizer à l’Italienne How a vintage cocktail was updated with its historic allure still intact. Blackthorn One of the few classic cocktails to highlight Irish whiskey. Bamboo A split-base classic that's a go-to around the world. Boulevardier A relative of the Negroni, the Boulvardier subs in bourbon for gin. Bijou A crisp and rich vintage classic. Brandy Crusta The classic recipe gets an extra layer of flavor. Cardinale Dry vermouth defines this classic riff. Campden A resurrected treasure from The Savoy Cocktail Book. Fourth Regiment A classic that takes notes from the standard Manhattan recipe. Grasshopper How they make the classic at its New Orleans birthplace. Hanky Panky This simple mix of three ingredients remains one of the greatest classic cocktails. Last Word A Prohibition-era cocktail that's easy to assemble but hard to forget. Lincoln Club Cup A classic sparkling sherry and brandy cocktail that's perfect for summer sipping. Little Egypt A little-known classic featuring sherry, vermouth and bitters. Mai Tai Jeff "Beachbum" Berry's adaptation of the classic. Manhattan The quintessential three-ingredient recipe. Margarita One of the world's most refreshing cocktails. Millionaire This rendition of the classic features a fruity medley of rum, apricot, and sloe gin. Negroni The iconic equal-parts mix of gin, Campari and sweet vermouth. Old Pal A classic that'll charm you with its equal-parts magic. Pearl Diver Beachbum Berry reveals the secret recipe for this 1950s-era tiki classic. Pisco Sour Pisco shines in this simple classic. Ritz Cocktail An elegant modern classic. Rob Roy The Manhattan meets scotch. Saturn One of tiki's most famous gin cocktails made with a lighter, more floral orgeat. Sazerac An enduring combo of whiskey, bitters and absinthe. Sbagliato A bright and bubbly variation on the classic. Sidecar One minor tweak balances out this classic. Singapore Sling A classic gin sling. Toronto This historic cocktail finds a delicious balance between two bold ingredients. Turf Club A deliciously balanced predecessor to the Martini. Twelve Mile Limit A Prohibition-era cocktail worth revisiting. Widow's Kiss A beguiling take on a classic recipe. arrow arrow 2024 Imbibe 75 People and Places to Watch Read More SPOTIFY Imbibe Playlists Curated music from some of our favorite drink venues. Tune In Get the March/April Issue Order a Copy Recent Issues Explore All Issues No. 108 Mar/Apr 2024 No. 107 Jan/Feb 2024 No. 106 Nov/Dec 2023 No. 105 Sep/Oct 2023 imbibe Also called a Marianito, the Vermut Preparado is f “I don’t think anyone would drink vermouth wit An infusion of masala chai enhances the tobacco an “Vermouth’s original companions may have been Load More... Follow on Instagram icons Connect With Us @imbibe Stay in the know. Sign up for Imbibe's newsletter. arrow About Imbibe Imbibe is liquid culture. In every issue of the James Beard award-winning magazine and on our website, we celebrate drinks as a distinct culinary category, deserving in-depth exploration of the people, places, cultures and flavors that make the world of drinks so fascinating. Sign Up For Imbibe's Newsletter arrow Column 1 About Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Sale Contact Us FAQ Job Opportunities Column 2 Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Back Issues Books + Merchandise Where to Buy Advertising Inquiries Subscription Inquiries Editorial Inquiries Negroni Week Inquiries Contact info@imbibemagazine.com Call Us Toll-Free 1-877-246-2423 or 503-595-0144 About Subscribe Advertise Service icons icons icons © 2024 Imbibe Media, Inc Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions We use cookies to improve your experience on this website. By using the site, you agree to our privacy policy and use of cookies, but you can adjust your cookie settings. Cookie settings AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT