BNI: Business Network International | Business Networking English Global Convention 2024 Careers Franchising Contact Us Member Services BNI Connect BNI Business Builder BNI Brandshare BNI US Store BNI Global Store In U.S. (800)-825-8286 | Outside U.S. support@bni.com Why BNI About Us The Latest BNI Connect BNI Business Builder BNI Brandshare BNI US Store BNI Global Store Join BNI Why BNI What to Expect Explore Our Markets Our Stories Start a BNI Chapter Careers About Us About BNI National Directors Founder’s Circle Leadership History Foundation The Latest Events The Latest Blog & News Networking Tips Media Find a Chapter Join BNI Why BNI What to Expect Explore Our Markets Our Stories Start a BNI Chapter Careers About Us About BNI National Directors Founder’s Circle Leadership History Foundation The Latest Events The Latest Blog & News Networking Tips Media Franchising Contact Us Find a local chapter meeting Find a Chapter The World's Largest Referral Networking Organization Become a part of a local network with global reach. BNI Members around the world meet in-person or online to pass billions of dollars worth of referrals to each other every year. Last 12 Months 0 K Global Members 0 Global Chapters 0 M Member Referrals $ 0 B Member Generated Business BNI is more than just helping you grow your business – it is helping you build your network. You will gain colleagues, business partners, and friends who will become part of your newfound family. This positive and supportive group of people will help you go through any crisis because you can not do this alone.” - Joy Ejercito| Interior Design|Philippines It’s a no brainer for business owners who want to grow personally and professionally. The structure, accountability and systems are proven. BNI doesn’t need selling, it just needs experiencing and the rest takes care of itself when you fully adopt a givers gain mindset.” - Bronwyn Boyle| Business Consulting|Australia BNI got me out of my comfort zone. It pushed me ahead with resources that helped my business to grow. In two years I’ve made more than a thousand contacts around the world, started a book about entrepreneurship and studies in health science, been interviewed by TV, News and Magazines, and even managed to use my new networking skills to save myself in a life and death situation. My business has grown from two clients to more than forty and continues to grow. I don't have enough words to thank BNI.” - Omar Cisneros| e-learning|Peru Joining BNI was a life-changing decision. Learning how to market my business through weekly presentations and feature presentations has opened my eyes to the possibilities of networking. More than anything, I have enjoyed building a network of professionals that I am confident referring business to, as each has made the same commitment I have to our code of ethic. I am now a go-to person, and it feeds my soul to send business to fellow members. A third of my own customers are a direct result of BNI.” - Sue Todd| Skin Care|USA For many new business owners, going out into the marketplace solo can be a lonely journey. I found the comfort of catching up with my business referral group each week to be invaluable for both my sanity and my business. Participating in BNI was the best business decision I ever made, and one I recommend to others in business regularly.” - Suzzanne Laidlaw| Business Coach|Australia Previous Next Grow Your Business Grow Your Business BNI's proven business referral system, technology and training programs are designed to help business owners and professionals work together to pass qualified referrals and explore new opportunities that drive business growth. Visiting a BNI Chapter meeting is free and a great way to meet BNI Members and experience the power of referrals in action. Build Relationships Build Relationships Building trusted relationships is what we are all about. Your BNI Membership is designed to develop long lasting relationships that deepen and evolve through our core value - Givers Gain®. Each member of your referral network contributes to your success and you to theirs. Now more than ever, building trusted relationships is critical to business success. Sharpen Your Skills Sharpen Your Skills Your BNI Membership gives you access to mentors, other business professionals and a whole host of courses through our proprietary learning center, BNI® Business Builder, to help you build your skills and confidence. Plus, you have the power of a global support team to help you grow. Three Ways to Experience BNI Enjoy a meeting type that best fits your lifestyle and business BNI In-Person A very personal way to meet, connect and grow. BNI® Online A convenient way to meet, connect and grow from the comfort of your home or office BNI Hybrid The best of both. Meet in-person first week of the month and the rest online. Getting Started is Easy Find a Meeting Get anInvite Attend a BNIChapter Meeting Get Started Now Get Networking tips and more from BNI BNI SuccessNetTM Sign up for our newsletter Thank you for subscribing! BNI TV BNI Global Convention 2024 is Headed to Hawaii BNI Global Events "Participate in BNI's Global Convention 2024 in Hawaii to embrace the impact of meaningful connections and continuous learning, propelling your business toward growth. Adapt to evolving technologies and markets, seize new opportunities, and join the celebration as we count down to BNI's 40th Anniversary!" What is BNI? Jenni, Virtual Visitor Host "Listen as Jenni, our Virtual Visitor Host explains BNI, how it works & why referral networking is such a powerful growth engine for businesses" Find a Local Chapter Experience our proven referral system in action. People just like you working together, helping each other grow their businesses and improve their business skills. Find a Chapter The Latest The Dos and Don’ts of Networking: Etiquette Tips for Success Bethany Rippy Jun 20, 2023 As a business professional, networking is an essential part of building relationships and growing your business. Whether you're attending a... Networking Tips 5 Best Practices for Inviting Visitors to Your BNI Chapter Meeting Bethany Rippy May 31, 2023 One of the key components of the BNI networking platform is its weekly Chapter meetings, where Members and visitors come... Growing your Business 3 Reasons More Visitors Mean More Value Bethany Rippy May 3, 2023 As a business owner, you know the importance of networking and building strong connections with other professionals. That's why you... Growing your Business Networking Tips Tips and articles from or networking experts Read more Growing your Business Read about how Members grow their businesses with BNI Read more News and Events Stories and articles from around the world Read more My BNI® Story Learn about our Members and their successes Read more Join BNIWhy BNI What to Expect Explore Our Markets Our Stories Start a BNI Chapter Careers About UsAbout BNI National Directors Founder’s Circle Leadership History Foundation The LatestEvents The Latest Blog & News Networking Tips Media Search Contact UsContact Us Find a Chapter MembersBNI Connect BNI Business Builder BNI Brandshare BNI US Store BNI Global Store Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive tips on networking, public speaking and business. Thank you for subscribing! Links Why BNI About Us The Latest Connect © 2024 BNI Global, LLC Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions X It appears that the Javascript on your browser is disabled, kindly enable it for best use of this website!