English News Paper | Breaking News | Latest Today News in English | News Headlines India - The Pioneer Close this menu Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Home Delhi India Business World Sports Opinion Analysis State Editions Delhi Bhopal Bhubaneswar Ranchi Lucknow Chandigarh Dehradun Raipur E-Paper Hindi Edition Delhi Lucknow Raipur Faridabad English Edition Delhi Bhopal Bhubaneswar Lucknow Dehradun Chandigarh Ranchi Raipur Hyderabad Vijayawada China-Yunnan Agenda - The Sunday magazine Cover Story Books Tarot Archives Exotica CIRP Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process Features VivacityHealthTravelShow TimeBackPackSpecialAvenues Agenda - The Sunday magazine Cover Story Books Tarot Breaking News Nadda says PM Modi changed political culture, discourse in India PM Modi launches projects worth Rs 7,200 crore in Telangana; highlights Centre's focus on infra push Maoist links case: HC acquits former Delhi University professor G N Saibaba and 5 others Paper leak case: UP govt removes state police recruitment board chairperson Bengaluru prison radicalisation case: NIA raids multiple places across 7 states China raises its defence budget by 7.2 per cent to USD 232 billion for this year Maldives president says no Indian troops to remain on his island, not even in civilian clothing One Indian killed & two injured in anti-tank missile attack in Israel's north Nitish files nomination papers for re-election to legislative council Congress scared to promote youth, alleges PM at Telangana rally SC dismisses 2018 money laundering case against Karnataka Dy CM Shivakumar India has never been a nation: DMK leader A Raja Abhijit Gangopadhyay announces he's joining BJP after resigning as judge of Calcutta HC Sandeshkhali: Cal HC transfers probe into attack on ED officials to CBI LG Saxena is forced to play role of opposition: Kejriwal UP govt approves proposal for formation of Uttar Pradesh State Capital Region on lines of NCR Karnataka govt to set up control rooms and helplines to deal with water crisis HC hands over ED attack case to CBI, says state police 'totally biased'; CID refuses to give Sheikh's custody Cong to give final shape to party manifesto for LS polls, to focus on 5 pillars of justice Monthly Rs 1,000 honorarium scheme for Delhi women expected to roll out in September-October: Atishi AAP accepts Congress' invitation to join Rahul Gandhi's yatra in Gujarat PM Modi congratulates Shehbaz Sharif on taking oath as prime minister of Pakistan Day after quitting Congress, Gujarat leaders Modhwadia, Der join BJP ahead of LS polls Top Stories AAP accepts Congress' invitation to join Rahul Gandhi's yatra in Gujarat Monthly Rs 1,000 honorarium scheme for Delhi women expected to roll out in September-October: Atishi Cong to give final shape to party manifesto for LS polls, to focus on 5 pillars of justice HC hands over ED attack case to CBI, says state police 'totally biased'; CID refuses to give Sheikh's custody Nadda says PM Modi changed political culture, discourse in India Karnataka govt to set up control rooms and helplines to deal with water crisis UP govt approves proposal for formation of Uttar Pradesh State Capital Region on lines of NCR Sandeshkhali: Cal HC transfers probe into attack on ED officials to CBI Abhijit Gangopadhyay announces he's joining BJP after resigning as judge of Calcutta HC Day after quitting Congress, Gujarat leaders Modhwadia, Der join BJP ahead of LS polls India has never been a nation: DMK leader A Raja Maldives president says no Indian troops to remain on his island, not even in civilian clothing SC dismisses 2018 money laundering case against Karnataka Dy CM Shivakumar LG Saxena is forced to play role of opposition: Kejriwal Maoist links case: HC acquits former Delhi University professor G N Saibaba and 5 others more Pioneer Exclusive Controversy erupts after INDIA Bloc invokes Lord Ram Yet another controversy erupted on Tuesday when prominent leaders from the INDIA Bloc invoked the... more Trending News Day after quitting Congress, Gujarat leaders Modhwadia, Der join BJP ahead of LS polls Tuesday, 05 March 2024 PM Modi congratulates Shehbaz Sharif on taking oath as prime minister of Pakistan Tuesday, 05 March 2024 IIFL Finance shares tank 20 pc; hit lower circuit limit Tuesday, 05 March 2024 Tata Motors shares jump 8 pc; reach 52-week high level Tuesday, 05 March 2024 Arsenal demolishes Sheffield United 6-0 in latest statement win in EPL title bid Tuesday, 05 March 2024 SRH names Pat Cummins as captain for IPL 2024 Monday, 04 March 2024 Barcelona and Girona fail to take advantage of Real Madrid's stumble in Spanish league Monday, 04 March 2024 Kanpur's Vaibhav Gupta wins Indian Idol 14 Monday, 04 March 2024 Pak's newly-elected PM Shehbaz rakes up Kashmir issuer, pledges to improve ties with all leading nations, including neighbours Sunday, 03 March 2024 Deadly chaos at Gaza aid convoy is a symbol of the desperation enveloping the territory Saturday, 02 March 2024 India to see warmer start to summer this year: IMD Friday, 01 March 2024 Actor K Shivaram, the first person to clear UPSC exam in Kannada, dies Friday, 01 March 2024 more Supreme Court Order NCLT Order Report of COC Constitution Public Notice Opinion Insights from the Raisina Dialogue Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Probity in public life Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Mitigating risks in infrastructure development Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Exploring linguistic identities amid pluralism Tuesday, 05 March 2024 Misplaced priorities Tuesday, 05 March 2024 more Analysis WTO deadlock over agricultural subsidies Wednesday, 06 March 2024 The Quest for omnipresence Wednesday, 06 March 2024 Modernisation threatens livelihoods in the Himalayas Wednesday, 06 March 2024 UN's new improved human rights vision Tuesday, 05 March 2024 This world is a God-centric creation Tuesday, 05 March 2024 more Entertainment My dream is to work with Salman, says Pakistani actor Sarah Khan Tuesday, 05 March 2024 Pakistani actor Sarah Khan, who has a huge fan following in India courtesy her shows "Hum Tum", "Khirkiyan" and "Sabaat", says her dream since the time she began acting has been to star opposite Bollywood star Salman Khan. Sarah, 31, who currently features in Zindagi show "Abdullahpur Ka Devdas", a classic... Lindsay Lohan and Jamie Lee Curtis to return for 'Freaky Friday' sequel05 March 2024 | PTI People started seeing me in a different light post 'Maharani': Huma Qureshi04 March 2024 | PTI Mubi to release Felipe Galvez's award-winning film 'The Settlers'04 March 2024 | PTI Anant Ambani-Radhika's pre-wedding bash: Khan trio dances to 'Naatu Naatu', SRK chants Jai Shri Ram03 March 2024 | PTI Rihanna rocks the stage at Anant Ambani-Radhika's pre-wedding bash, says 'thank you for having me'02 March 2024 | PTI Case against Marathi actor Ketaki Chitale over comments about Atrocities Act01 March 2024 | PTI more Agenda Cover Story Miscellany Books Opinion Backbone International Spirituality Tarot Actress of depth and versatility Sunday, 03 March 2024 Huma Qureshi, the acclaimed Indian actress, has carved her niche in the film industry with her remarkable talent and versatile performances. Her breakthrough role in... more Jewellery That Reflects Your Style Sunday, 03 March 2024 Recognised for its enduring value and cultural significance, handcrafted jewellery continues to be a preferred choice among discerning individuals looking to make meaningful and lasting... more NOTA: The silent revolution or the illusion of choice? Sunday, 03 March 2024 NOTA continues to be a tool of dissent in the electoral democracy. It empowers the electors to register their discontent with the pool of candidates... more Astroturf | Detoxify the negatives to optimise the potential Sunday, 03 March 2024 Past influences our run of life in a big way. In fact, life takes off on the premise set by the Karmic carryover from the... more Features Vivacity Health Play on Saturday, 02 March 2024 SHOBORI GANGULI takes an indulgent plunge into a theatrical restaurant pool that proves to be a novel immersive culinary experience Along the winding fine dining streets... more Govt push puts spotlight on cervical cancer, experts hope it is possible turning point Friday, 09 February 2024 Cervical cancer is at the centrestage of public health concern with the government's push for vaccinations in the Union interim budget, a move that is... more Exotica: TOAST TO THE COAST Most Read Justice Dr. Pathak asks medical students to focus on rural areas Mann's ‘padlock’ gift sparks near-physical clash in assembly showdown City Government to strengthen GST administration to boost revenue: Atishi Page 1 Yogi expands UP Cabinet to include diverse voices Wednesday, 06 March 2024 | Biswajeet Banerjee | Lucknow Mamata shields women exploiters in Bengal Indian citizen killed in Israel Maldives escalates anti India rhetoric Google serves Googly to India NIA raids in seven States more State Editions Delhi Bhopal Bhubaneswar Ranchi Lucknow Chandigarh Dehradun Raipur Farmers march to city: Cops step up vigil Wednesday, 06 March 2024 | PTI The Delhi Police has directed its personnel to ensure strict vigil at the Tikri, Singhu and the Ghazipur borders, and railway and metro stations and bus stands after protesting farmers announced that they would reach Delhi for their protest on Wednesday. The Kisan Mazdoor Morcha and the Samyukta Kisan Morcha (Non-Political),... Modi to launch additional section of RRTS corridor LG flags poor civic facilities 14 agendas cleared in NDMC last meeting before Lok Sabha polls Road rage, pending challans, fuel prices top anxiety triggers among car owners: Survey Partly cloudy sky, max temperature likely at 25 Degree Celsius today LG presides over 16th Convocation at GGSIPU Gangster duo marriage becomes talking point in police circles Painted storks population soars at Delhi zoo City Government to strengthen GST administration to boost revenue: Atishi more Project worth Rs 5,812 crore for upgrading state highways Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | Staff Reporter The State Cabinet on Monday approved over Rs 5,180 crore for various irrigation projects. Of this, Rs 5 thousand 42 crore were revised and administrative approval was given for more than Rs 137 crore. Among the approved projects, revised administrative approval of Rs 775 crore was given in place of Rs... State govt will develop Dharamshala in Ayodhya Dham Miscreants create ruckus at JLU function, students also bash up the outlaws 8 nabbed in Rs 20 lakh bribe case ‘Green Frames: Vatavran’ short film fest MiC member’s misbehaviour with BJP activist, video goes viral Workshop on Sustainable Heritage Development BHEL Bhopal ED administers oath of safety to all GMs, DROs Registrar office to remain open on Sat, Sun in March Education is fruitful when used for human welfare: Guv more Urdu teachers’ remuneration hiked Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PNS The State Government on Monday announced a hike in the monthly remuneration of Urdu teachers engaged in Upper Primary and Middle English schools, fully-aided and newly-aided high schools. As per the announcement, the Urdu teachers would get Rs 15,000 per month instead of Rs 7,400 which they used to get earlier.... 8-yr-old organ donor cremated with State honours HC annuls Moquim’s election as MLA Cong to be deciding factor in 2024 polls in Odisha Job fraud: EOW nabs another accused from Andhra MLA Premananda, rebel BJD leader Rajendra join BJP BDA sets up 4 facilitation cells 2 women held for loot in train DMs asked to take special drive to update RoRs ITI student missing in Puri; probe on more Shyam Steel Inaugurates state-of-the-art integrated Steel Plant in Purulia Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PNS In a momentous event graced by the virtual presence of Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee,Shyam Steel, a venerable name in the steel industry, continues its legacy of excellence with the inauguration of its fourth Integrated Steel Plant at JSK-II, Purulia, West Bengal. Established in 1953, Shyam Steel has... SBK Party State President demands justice for tribal children Celebrating 20 Years of Culinary Excellence: Jungli Embarks on a New Journey 2 held for 'forced physical relation' with Chhatisgarh dancer in Palamu Interactive session on Managerial Skills and Motivation Safety Week at Adhunik Power with Oath-taking Ceremony 53rd National Safety Day celebrated by SAIL SSO Health Minister inaugurates Kids International Play School Justice Dr. Pathak asks medical students to focus on rural areas #IamVerifiedVoter campaign kicks off in State more Akhilesh dismisses Mohan Yadav’s forays into UP as ‘old tricks of BJP’ Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PNS Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav has dismissed the forays of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Mohan Yadav into Uttar Pradesh as “old tricks of the BJP”. “These are old practices, which are never successful. The Bharatiya Janata Party think-tank is planning political moves as per the chess; our ‘vazir’ (queen) is also... BJP gearing up for polls with elaborate plans for rallies, roadshows in UP Yogi for strategic development planning to take UP forward Yogi tags 'Modi ka parivar' to his official X handle Saharanpur division heading for industrial transformation Rawat withdraws name from LS poll contest amidst video scandal Seers hail C’garh’s effort to protect Sanatana Girl ends life after cancellation of recruitment exams Charred bodies of couple recovered in Sonbhadra Dairy sector to generate significant employment opportunities in UP more briefs Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PNS Cabinet meeting in Haryana today Chandigarh: The Haryana Cabinet will meet under the chairmanship of Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar on March 5 in the main committee room, fourth floor, Haryana Civil Secretariat, Chandigarh, an official spokesperson said on Monday. Government opens Kshatipurti Portal for Crop Damage Claims Chandigarh: To address the concerns... BJP wins posts of Senior Dy Mayor & Dy Mayor in Chandigarh MC re-election Himachal CM announces Rs. 1500 per month to all women above 18 years Mann's ‘padlock’ gift sparks near-physical clash in assembly showdown Bajrang Dal foils beef smuggling in port HP Govt to launch e-governance services across 60 ULBs Thakur signals political shift in HP; Targets Cong leadership Snow, rain disrupt life in Himachal: Rohtang, Kalpa, Chitkul blanketed with 5ft of snow Haryana to develop Agroha as prominent archaeological site AAP Govt launches 13 SoEs in Punjab; first govt school with swimming pool more Floral beauty attracts throngs to Vasantotsav Sunday, 03 March 2024 | PNS Various types of plants including medicinal plants and hanging plants along with blooms are attracting people to the three-day Vasantotsav-2024 inaugurated at Raj Bhawan on Friday. The visitors are also purchasing plants and flowers in considerable quantities from stalls set up at the venue. However, some of the plant sellers... Locals to be resettled on their own land or near Joshimath: Bhatt CM Dhami continues to hand over job letters to youngsters Selection of LS candidates- Congress screening committee to meet on March 6 CS Radha Raturi receives service extension of 6 months BJP fields sitting MPs from three Lok Sabha constituencies Three-day Vasantotsav 2024 begins at Raj Bhawan Five dead in three separate road accidents Assembly session in Dehradun exposes fissures in Congress on Gairsain CEO directs Excise Dept to check liquor sales and bootlegging in view of LS polls more Sai to open Chitrakote Mahotsav today Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | Staff Reporter Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Vishnu Deo Sai will inaugurate the Chitrakote Mahotsav in Bastar district on Tuesday. Sai will also inaugurate 177 development works completed at a cost of Rs 104.2 crore and lay the foundation stone for 466 works to be completed at a cost of Rs 104.11 crore. Forest Minister Kedar... DMF contractors paid bribes to govt officials, politicians, claims ED CM inaugurates Aryabhata Bhawan, library Maoist surrenders in Dantewada Over 69L apply for ration card renewal UBI holds Pinkathon to empower women EC to hold awareness campaigns in April: CEO 58 kg silver ornaments seized Four Naxalites held in Bijapur Probe ordered into community building’s luxurious expenses more Opinion Leaders The US presidential election: Trump redux Kalyani Shankar Navalny’s death marks Putin path to unchecked power Makhan Saikia The implications of the Supreme Court ruling Kalyani Shankar Tamil politics: The rise of Thalapathy Vijay Kalyani Shankar Myanmar: A nation in turmoil Makhan Saikia more E-Paper Hindi Edition Delhi Lucknow Raipur Faridabad English Edition Delhi Bhopal Bhubaneswar Lucknow Dehradun Chandigarh Ranchi Raipur Hyderabad Vijayawada Business Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk over severance Wednesday, 06 March 2024 | AP | Washington Animation, gaming policy to facilitate investments: Official Survey shows investors returning to housing market for profit making Business brief Ministry weighs reduction of GST on flex fuel vehicles more Sports Series against England in 2012 was turning point for me: Ashwin Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PTI | Dharamsala That's the hardest time of my life: Cummins on mother's death French lawmakers to vote on making abortion a constitutional right Jos: Red Bull F1 team will explode if Horner stays as team principal Brest wins again to strengthen second place in Champions League quest more Technology Twitter's former leaders including ex-CEO Parag Agrawal sue Elon Musk for non-payment of severance totalling USD 128 mn Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PTI | New York Infosys CEO Salil Parekh joins USISPF Board Friday, 23 February 2024 | PTI | Washington 'Imperative' for India, US to cooperate on AI regulation: Satya Nadella Wednesday, 07 February 2024 | PTI | Mumbai more Tarot Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries - March 21 - April 20 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya You possess a knack for innovation and hard work, always striving to ensure that tasks are executed flawlessly and efficiently. This week, prepare yourself for significant responsibilities that will demand your attention and dedication. Your commitment to diligence and leadership will not go unnoticed; expect to see a tangible return on your efforts, particularly in financial terms. However, it's essential to seek balance in your personal connections, as stability there might require some nurturing. Opportunities for professional advancement, including new projects or job offers, are likely to emerge. While you may encounter a mix of support and disappointment from those around you, and a family member might be on the move, rest assured that your initiatives are set to flourish. Patience will be your ally as you await the fruits of your labor, amidst a backdrop of meaningful friendships. Lucky number 16 | Lucky colour Orange Lucky day Friday Taurus - April 20 - May 21 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This period marks a promising shift towards prosperity and financial gain. Expect unexpected gains or generous offerings from loved ones. During this season of affection, some may find themselves on the receiving end of significant romantic gestures, potentially solidifying relationships. However, a few might navigate through intense emotional challenges, grappling with feelings of remorse and unease that disrupt sleep and peace of mind. This internal turmoil may amplify concerns, leading to a heightened sense of stress. Yet, as the week progresses, a surge of self-assurance regarding personal capabilities will emerge, inspiring a proactive stance towards life's endeavors. It's a moment ripe for transforming aspirations into tangible plans, channeling thoughts into purposeful action, and realizing ambitions with determination and effort. Lucky number 3 | Lucky colour Green Lucky day Tuesday Gemini - May 21 - June 21 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya You embody the essence of freedom, allowing your emotions to flourish and your creativity to soar. At your core lies a deep-seated romanticism, paired with a gentle, compassionate nature that cherishes serenity and calm. Your emotional landscape, however, is not without its fluctuations, driving a desire to leave a mark on the world through your insightful perspectives. Integrating practices such as meditation and yoga into your daily life, you navigate the spiritual realm with a sense of liberty and empowerment. Resistant to outdated perspectives, you're a fountain of innovation and imaginative prowess, maintaining a balance between your physical and mental well-being. As the week winds down, your spirit thrives in social gatherings, where the joy of success is shared amongst friends and family, reminding you of the value and warmth found in togetherness. Lucky number 8 | Lucky colour Off-white Lucky day Sunday Cancer - June 21 - Jul 23 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya At the beginning of the week, you may encounter challenges in your romantic relationships that leave you feeling let down and wounded, especially when the hurt comes from an unexpected source. This emotional turmoil might temporarily obscure your outlook. However, as the week progresses, you'll find clarity and a renewed sense of resilience. You'll discover an inner strength and capacity for love that surpasses your previous experiences, pushing aside any confusion and negativity. This newfound clarity enhances communication and sets positive changes in motion. For some, this period also brings opportunities for professional advancement through overseas engagements, enriching your growth prospects. Additionally, you might experience a profound shift in your spiritual perspective. Any significant barriers that previously stood in your way now seem surmountable, empowering you to overcome them with newfound determination. Lucky number 12 | Lucky colour Red Lucky day Wednesday Leo - Jul 23 - Aug 23 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya As the week unfolds, a journey begins. Embrace this path with confidence and positivity, aware that the road ahead is lengthy but promising. Your efforts and dedication are on the verge of being celebrated, bringing a sense of accomplishment that fuels your drive and ambition. This recognition not only uplifts your spirit but also inspires you to continue striving for excellence. You'll find yourself empowered, with renewed vigor and determination guiding your steps along a smoother route. However, as the week draws to a close, it's crucial to remain humble. There's a risk of losing touch with your humility, which could hinder your creative flow. Stay grounded and focused on your inner development to navigate through these challenges. Lucky number 5 | Lucky colour Indigo Lucky day Monday Virgo - Aug 23 - Sep 23 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This week, you'll navigate through a mix of trials and triumphs with unwavering determination. Your path is illuminated by a lucid purpose, equipping you with the readiness to embrace the myriad of experiences life throws at you. Your strength and valor are at their peak, enabling you to surmount any hurdles with grace. Embodying the essence of a valiant champion, you stand prepared to conquer every challenge with resilience. Your journey this week is marked by your heroic spirit, showcasing your ability to push through adversities with an indomitable resolve. This period is a testament to your enduring spirit and tenacity, as you march forward with an unshakable confidence in your quest for success. Lucky number 19 | Lucky colour White Lucky day Thursday Libra - Sep 23 - Oct 23 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This week kicks off with a wave of joyous occasions! Prepare to indulge in festive gatherings, whether it be intimate ceremonies or grand celebrations, each moment promises to be unforgettable. Surrounding yourself with cherished companions or family members, you'll find yourself immersed in meaningful contemplation. Revel in the delights of fine dining and the pleasure of indulgence, embracing the finer aspects of existence. This period is marked by a harmonious blend of communal warmth and personal reflection, offering a perfect balance of enjoyment and introspection. Amidst the laughter and conversations, you'll discover insights that enrich your inner world, subtly guiding your path forward. The experiences shared during these gatherings will not only strengthen bonds but also leave lasting impressions, fueling your spirit with a sense of fulfillment and connection. Lucky number 7 | Lucky colour Yellow Lucky day Saturday Scorpio - Oct 23 - Nov 22 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This week finds you riding a wave of heightened feelings and sensitivity. Your creative impulses are set to soar, painting your thoughts with vivid strokes of imagination. However, there's a gentle reminder to balance your heartfelt decisions with a dose of practicality, as your aspirations could stretch beyond the grasp of reality. Some may experience fluctuations in their natural rhythms, leading to moments of frustration. Yet, this very sensitivity can be channeled into artistic or spiritual endeavors, offering a soothing balm for the soul. Beware, though, as the week also carries a whisper of caution against being misled. Stay alert to the possibility of deceit, safeguarding yourself against those who might wish to exploit your generous spirit. Lucky number 10 | Lucky colour Lavender Lucky day Saturday Sagittarius - Nov 22 - Dec 22 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This week, you're enveloped in a wave of romance, marking an auspicious period for new beginnings in love. As the days unfold, there's a significant chance of meeting someone who deeply resonates with your soul, signaling the blossoming of a promising connection. This budding romance holds immense potential, paving the way for enduring joy and deep, mutual affection. Your adventurous spirit shines brightly, fueling your actions with boldness and a fearless approach to life's challenges. An opportunity for a journey presents itself, inviting excitement and new experiences. However, it's wise to stay vigilant during your travels, ensuring the safety and security of your personal possessions. This period is ripe with possibilities, urging you to embrace the adventures of the heart and the world around you. Lucky number 2 | Lucky colour See Green Lucky day Monday Capricorn - Dec 22 - Jan 20 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya This week, you may experience a sense of unease and disappointment, feeling as though your efforts have yet to yield the desired results. You're on the brink of overcoming the final challenge that stands between you and your goals. As the week progresses, a shift occurs, leading to the fulfillment of your aspirations. Joy, contentment, and the realization of positive outcomes, including significant personal achievements, become apparent. This phase brings a much-needed respite and lightness, offering you a chance to truly revel in your accomplishments. Success is within reach, thanks to your confidence and the dynamic application of your creative talents. Embrace this period of completion and the rewards it brings. Lucky number 14 | Lucky colour Black Lucky day Thursday Aquarius - Jan 20 - Feb 18 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya Embrace gratitude and cherish every moment of joy and accomplishment. Your journey is enriched by sharing these milestones with others, leading to moments filled with joyous gatherings, from heartfelt reunions to significant celebrations that mark the passage of time. These occasions offer a respite from the daily grind, allowing you to immerse yourself in the warmth of companionship and shared happiness. As you navigate through these gatherings, remember to pause and appreciate the simple pleasures that come from being surrounded by those who matter most. This approach not only fosters a sense of community but also reminds us of the importance of setting aside our routine challenges to bask in the collective joy of togetherness. Lucky number 1 | Lucky colour Maroon Lucky day Sunday Pisces - Feb 18 - March 20 Sunday, 03 March 2024 - Saturday, 09 March 2024 | Madhu Kotiya You're entering a period of genuine joy and fulfillment, having successfully navigated through previous challenges and rivalries. This phase marks the celebration of your achievements, with your efforts gaining widespread appreciation. Whether the acknowledgment is grand or understated, it will undoubtedly be present. This moment also serves as an affirmation that you're moving in the correct direction, though the journey ahead remains extensive. Embark on this path with optimism and assurance. It's also a time to practice financial prudence, ensuring that your expenditures are well-considered and aligned with your long-term objectives. Additionally, embrace the opportunity for personal growth and learning that comes with this new chapter. Let your experiences sharpen your wisdom and guide your decisions, paving the way for continued success and stability. Lucky number 21 | Lucky colour Mustard Lucky day Saturday Photo Gallery Ram Lalla Consecration Ceremony: Wait Over! Ram Lalla Finally Arrives The sculptures of dinosaurs made from uncycled metal at Waste-to-Wonder Park, Sarai Kale Khan. By RANJAN DIMRI/THE PIONEER Today's Photo: Smoke rises following an Israeli airstrike in the Gaza Strip Let's take a stroll down memory lane! more galleries India Abroad India deeply troubled by conflict in Gaza: Amb Kamboj Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PTI | United Nations China downplays rising frictions with Asian neighbours; says BRI gaining momentum, trade booming more Special India Vs England It means hell of a lot: Bairstow on playing 100th Test Tuesday, 05 March 2024 | PTI | Dharamsala Set to complete a century of Test matches, England wicketkeeper-batter Jonny Bairstow on Tuesday said reaching the landmark "means hell of a lot" to him given that he has had to wade through testing times. The 34-year-old will become the 17th Englishman to get a 100th Test cap when he steps out for the fifth and final Test against India starting here on Thursday and it will be an emotional week for Bairstow, who endured a... Zaheer Khan was someone I used to watch a lot to try and learn from: James Anderson We didn't have a chance in hell of competing with India: Stokes We can't just keep talking to youngsters, need to give them environment to excel: Rohit 'Bazball' meets its match, India secure 17th straight Test series win at home Rohit slams fifty before English spinners halt India's progress India 131 for 4 at tea after bowling out England for 353 in 4th Test Robinson throws his wicket away after maiden fifty; India 34/1 at lunch more Exotica Welcome to the May edition of Exotica, the ultimate travel magazine for those seeking adventure and cultural immersion. This month, we have an exciting lineup of stories that will take you on a journey across India. Our cover story features the majestic Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve, situated in the heart of Madhya Pradesh. Our correspondent has captured the essence of the reserve with its lush green forests, sprawling meadows, and, of course, the tigers. The reserve is a must-visit for wildlife enthusiasts and nature lovers alike. Get ready to experience the thrill of encountering these magnificent creatures up close and personal. For the foodies out there, we have an exclusive feature on Nagaland cuisine. Our writer takes you on a gastronomic journey to the far northeast, where you can discover the unique flavors and textures of this region's cuisine. From smoked meat to bamboo shoot delicacies, Nagaland has something to offer for everyone's taste buds. In addition to our other exciting features this month, we would like to draw your attention to the fascinating Burash flower, also known as Rhododendron in English. The Burash is a medicinal plant that grows in the Himalayan region and has been used in traditional medicine for centuries. The plant has many health benefits, including its ability to reduce inflammation and fever. The Burash flower is also known to be effective in treating respiratory ailments such as asthma and bronchitis, and has even been used to help alleviate pain during childbirth. Coffee Table WALK WITH DRUKPAS ON ECO PADYATRA Arunachal Pradesh: In Search of Solace UP the Growth Factory Home About UsContact UsAdvertise with us Archives © 2024 The Pioneer. All Rights Reserved. Site Designed and Developed by: Infomedia Web Solutions Page generated in 0.0067 seconds.