Dissent | A magazine of politics and culture menu Login About Us Magazine Online Blog Podcasts Events Donate Subscribe Store Winter 2024 Subscribe Magazine Online Blog Podcasts Events Store Login About Us Donate Contact Advertise Newsletter Know Your Enemy: René Girard and the Right, with John Ganz Know Your Enemy: René Girard and the Right, with John Ganz Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell Matt and Sam welcome back John Ganz to discuss René Girard, the Stanford polymath whose theory has inspired a devoted following—including Peter Thiel, Girard’s former student. U.S. PoliticsFeminismClimate ChangeLaborCulture Front Parties and Movements Sheri Berman, Andre Pagliarini, Zachariah Mampilly and Nick Serpe ▪ Winter 2024 A roundtable discussion on the challenges that left-wing political formations face around the world. Poland After Law and Justice Cyryl Ryzak ▪ Winter 2024 The defeat of hardline national-Catholic rule was welcomed with euphoria by the big-tent opposition. The outcome for the Polish left is more ambiguous. AMLO’s Final Act Patrick Iber and Humberto Beck ▪ Winter 2024 The Mexican president has built his durable popularity by combining traditionally left- and right-wing policies and positions. A Surprise Breakthrough in Guatemala Juan Luis Font ▪ Winter 2024 After months of political battle, Bernardo Arévalo has become the president of Guatemala. His winning campaign was built on attacking the corruption of the institutions that tried to keep him from office. Labour Under New Management James Stafford ▪ Winter 2024 The British Labour Party’s hopes rest on the belief that a combination of green industrial policy and supply-side reform can cure British economic malaise. Is this a fairy tale? The Perfectionist Tradition William P. Jones ▪ Winter 2024 The African American perfectionists offered “faith” instead of “hope”—emphasizing the struggle to realize a vision of justice rather than passive assurance that it would prevail. Leonard Bernstein’s Radicalism Peter Dreier ▪ February 2, 2024 Bernstein used his status as a public figure both to popularize classical music and to support civil rights, the antiwar movement, and other political causes. Know Your Enemy: Building a “Better” Trump Administration Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ January 31, 2024 Matt and Sam explore how movement conservatives—and their think tanks—are preparing for a second Trump administration. A Historic Junction Sally Abed, Yael Berda, Eli Cook and Joshua Leifer ▪ Winter 2024 The Israeli left after October 7. Marvel World Sam Adler-Bell ▪ Winter 2024 Marvel Studios has managed to recruit fans into rooting not just for its superheroes, but for the company’s business plan. Strategy Is a Craft Mark Engler and Paul Engler ▪ January 24, 2024 An interview with Deepak Bhargava and Stephanie Luce. A Left That Can Do Both Timothy Shenk ▪ Winter 2024 There is no such thing as “the global left”—but we should still talk about it anyway. Introducing our Winter 2024 special section. The Charge of Genocide Darryl Li ▪ January 18, 2024 South Africa’s willingness to file a case with the International Court of Justice is a sign that the old tactics used to police discourse about genocide have lost much of their power. The History of the History of the Right, with Kim Phillips-Fein Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ January 18, 2024 Matt and Sam are joined by historian Kim Phillips-Fein to discuss historical scholarship on American conservatism. How has the study of the right changed since 2016? And how should the field orient itself to 2024? Ask a Neoliberal: An Interview with J. Bradford DeLong Timothy Shenk ▪ Fall 2023 In the 1990s, neoliberalism was a kind of utopian program. What remains after the crises of the twenty-first century? New issue and subscribe button Subscribe Social media buttons — updated Newsletter Sign up for the Dissent newsletter: Leave this field empty if you're human: sidebar ads About Contact Advertise Donate Subscribe Facebook Twitter Newsletter This website and its content © Dissent Magazine 2024. All rights reserved.