EE2.eu - Empire Earth II - Home Page Game News / Blog Media Download Forums Multiplayer Statistics FAQ / Help OVERVIEW EE2.eu BLOG Ministry of Game Affairs This site! Empire Earth II is a real-time strategy video game developed by Mad Doc Software and published by Vivendi Universal Games on April 26, 2005. The official servers hosting the online lobby and matchmaking features of the game were taken offline on October 10th, 2012. This site serves to host an updated, non-commercial Unofficial Patch for the game and for the expansion pack, which fixes Windows 8 / 8.1 / 10 problems, adds new features to the game and re-enables online multiplayer. Help us! Unofficial Patch 1.6 is a non-commercial project. The patch will always be free for players. We don't have the source code of the game, so every change, compatibility fix requires a lot of time, patience and hard work. If you want to help keep servers online - you can donate any amount you want using the following button: Donate via PayPal in: U.S. Dollar ($) Euro (€) British Pound (£) Australian Dollar (A $) Canadian Dollar (C $) Japanese Yen (¥) New Zealand Dollar ($) Swiss Franc (CHF) Hong Kong Dollar ($) Singapore Dollar ($) Swedish Krona (SEK) Danish Krone (DKK) Polish Złoty (PLN) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Czech Koruna (CZK) Israeli New Shekel (ILS) Mexican Peso (MXN) Brazilian Real (BRL) Philippine Peso (PHP) New Taiwan Dollar (TWD) Thai Baht (THB) Russian Ruble (RUB) Other countries... Total donations, since: 1st of November 2015 Number of donations: 0 Total amount: 0,0 € If you don't want to use Paypal but you would like to donate, you can do this by a bank wire transfer. For details, please send an e-mail to: donate (replace "at" with "@"), and I'll send you back the SWIFT/BIC code with the account number. You can also donate using Cryptocurrency Or you can become an EE2.eu Patron on Patreon: Become an EE2 Patron! If the button above doesn't work, please click here... Thank you. Your help would be really appreciated! All donations are for the work already completed over the past 10+ years. Please do not donate for the future requests, or to increase the development speed. Providing the "shipping address" is not required. Please uncheck unnecessary fields during the donation process. Your personal information, except the email address are not stored anywhere on our server. After you donate, please click here (click) orAfter you donate, in UP1.6 Launcher click on the "Change UP1.6 Settings" button, then click on the "Insert Donation Mail" (bottom-right part of the window), then in "Insert a custom configuration command" field, type: DonationMail=your@paypal.mail (replace with the e-mail address you used for the donation). It will unclock special features like information about BETA updates, recognizable color on the support chat, and Enhanced Features if your donation meets the minimum value criteria. "It’s not how much we give but how much love we put into giving" - St. Mother Teresa The game! From the series that reinvented historical real-time strategy comes an evolution of epic proportions – a powerful new interface puts you in control as never before. Relive the complete span of human history as you lead your civilization through 12,000 years of conquest. Diplomacy. War. Invention. Expansion. Build, divide and conquer the world, making your mark on history once again. Unprecedented Control Real-time Picture-in-Picture and innovative War Planning System creates a whole new level of command. Unequaled Scope Command over 500 unique units and buildings in your 12,000 year-long conquest through history. Unrivaled Realism Breathtaking battlefields come alive with changing seasons and crippling weather conditions. Multiplayer Domination Play free online in nine different co-operative and competitive gameplay modes. We use cookies and we monitor your activity to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from this website. If you would like to change your preferences you may do so by following the instructions here