ManageWP – Manage WordPress Sites from One Dashboard Toggle navigation ManageWP Orion Features Pricing Case studies About Blog Log in Sign up free A better way to manage WordPress websites Monitor and maintain your WordPress websites from one dashboard By clicking the "Sign up", you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Something odd happened! Please try again. Wrong captcha code! Please try again. The account with the given email address already exists. Redirecting you to login page in: Manage unlimited websites for free. Premium add-ons available. WordPress Website Management Dashboard In minutes set up ManageWP and add your first website. With one click run all updates and create your first backup for FREE. Automate your workflow and start saving time. Everything you need to automate your workflow Maintain Automate your daily tasks with our one click login and bulk updates for all of your websites. Secure Secure your data with reliable backups and protect your website with regular security checks. Monitor Stay on top of things and monitor your websites with Uptime Monitor, SEO and Google Analytics. Collaborate Use collaborate tool for your teams and clients. One click switch between the accounts. Client Care Take your client care to a new level with our Client Reports and White Label tool. Benchmark Optimize your website performance and speed with our Performance Check. Explore all features ManageWP is a part of my morning routine. I just login and start updating different sites. I use it to manage over 100 sites. It's just a great tool that really saves me a huge amount of time everyday. — Mike Little In our opinion, ManageWP's best kept secret is their Client Reports feature. There is nothing more valuable than clear documentation to show our clients the work we’ve performed. The fact that reports are customizable and multilingual puts ManageWP leagues ahead of competitors. — Jean-Francois Arseneault, SatelliteWP With an incredibly rich feature set, a solid and dependable service, I recommend ManageWP to anyone who is taking WordPress Maintenance Management seriously. — Remkus de Vries, buro KREAS We tested out most, if not all the WP management software out there, and nothing compares to what ManageWP provides. — Jeremy Choi, WPUP ManageWP saves me dozens of hours each month (not to mention liberating me from the tedium of administering so many sites). ManageWP has never failed me. Not once. — Douglas McLennan, ArtsJournal Backups run flawlessly in the background without me having to lift a finger, and I get notified immediately if any of my sites are down. — Anita Henderson, i4design One particular feature that has helped us again and again is the ability to filter through all of our sites looking for a specific plugin. When we find out a certain plugin has a security vulnerability of some kind, we’re able to quickly find all of the affected client sites, and push out fixes right away. — Ryan D. Sullivan, WP Site Care We manage a lot of sites and when they go offline, we lose money. I love that ManageWP sends me a text notifying me if my website is no longer responsive. This way I see it quicker, can get it up sooner and less money is lost. ManageWP pays for itself. — David Aston, IncomeDiary Customer Stories Why some of the most influential WordPress companies use ManageWP?Read some of their stories to find out. © 2010 - 2024 ManageWP. All Rights Reserved. The fun stuff Pricing Features Case Studies Blog Blog Guest Posting About ManageWP Our Team Community Resources Sales FAQ General FAQ User Guide Status log Other Contact us Privacy policy Do not sell my Personal Information Terms of service ManageWP.org Over 65,000 WordPress professionals are already using ManageWP Add as many websites as you want for free, no credit card required. Sign up and start saving time! By clicking the "Sign up", you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Something odd happened! Please try again. Wrong captcha code! Please try again. The account with the given email address already exists. Redirecting you to login page in: No, thanks. Get me back. Have questions? Get in touch! Have questions? Get in touch! Over 65,000 WordPress professionals are already using ManageWP Add as many websites as you want for free, no credit card required. Sign up and start saving time! By clicking the "Sign up", you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Something odd happened! Please try again. Wrong captcha code! Please try again. The account with the given email address already exists. Redirecting you to login page in: No, thanks. Get me back. Have questions? Get in touch! Have questions? Get in touch! Over 65,000 WordPress professionals are already using ManageWP Add as many websites as you want for free, no credit card required. Sign up and start saving time! By clicking the "Sign up", you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Something odd happened! Please try again. Wrong captcha code! Please try again. The account with the given email address already exists. Redirecting you to login page in: No, thanks. Get me back. Have questions? Get in touch! Have questions? Get in touch! Over 65,000 WordPress professionals are already using ManageWP Add as many websites as you want for free, no credit card required. Sign up and start saving time! By clicking the "Sign up", you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Something odd happened! Please try again. Wrong captcha code! Please try again. The account with the given email address already exists. Redirecting you to login page in: No, thanks. Get me back. Have questions? Get in touch! Have questions? Get in touch! X Unlock the Power of AI with GoDaddy's Managed WordPress Hosting – Simplify Your Website Journey Today! See Plans