Ninthdecimal is part of InMarket - Real-Time Marketing and Measurement Skip to content Real-Time Marketing and Measurement Solutions Learn // Analytics Build // Activation Build // Audiences Measure // Attribution GeoLink // Self-Serve Data Resources Insights White Papers Case Studies Webinars Industries Company About Us Peeps Privacy Press Blog Careers Ethics Principles Login Menu Solutions Learn // Analytics Build // Activation Build // Audiences Measure // Attribution GeoLink // Self-Serve Data Resources Insights White Papers Case Studies Webinars Industries Company About Us Peeps Privacy Press Blog Careers Ethics Principles Login Let's Start Solutions Learn // Analytics Build // Activation Build // Audiences Measure // Attribution GeoLink // Self-Serve Data Resources Insights White Papers Case Studies Webinars Industries Company About Us Peeps Privacy Press Careers Ethics Principles Login Contact Menu Solutions Learn // Analytics Build // Activation Build // Audiences Measure // Attribution GeoLink // Self-Serve Data Resources Insights White Papers Case Studies Webinars Industries Company About Us Peeps Privacy Press Careers Ethics Principles Login Contact Ninthdecimal is part of InMarket Thanks for visiting. InMarket acquired the assets of NinthDecimal in September of 2020.Explore below for more information about Audiences, Activation, Attribution, and Analytics. Your 360° consumer intelligence and real-time activation platform WHO IS INMARKET? See why today’s leading brands choose InMarket’s data-driven, omni-channel marketing platform to drive growth for their organizations. Watch the Video INMARKET HOLIDAY SOLUTIONS Drive Holiday 2021 Success Learn how InMarket’s 360-degree consumer intelligence and real-time omnichannel activation solutions can help you drive awareness, consideration and purchases during the all-important 2021 Holiday Season! Find Out More! INMARKET CURBSIDE SOLUTIONS Build the Ultimate Curbside Experience See how InMarket can help your brand identify and target curbside shoppers, engage those shoppers in the Moments that matter, and measure the success of your advertising efforts from impression to purchase. Learn More BUILD // ACTIVATION Brand experiences your customers (really) love. Looking to create great customer experiences? Moments help you reach and engage consumers where and when it matters most - while they are in the purchase process or even at the exact moment of a purchase decision. InMarket Moments deliver industry-leading results with 97% viewability. In fact, InStore Moments outperform search, mobile advertising, display, and even email marketing, when it comes to engagement and click-through rates. About Moments NEW FORRESTER STUDY The Total Economic Impact™ of InMarket’s LCI® attribution platform See how leading brands are leveraging InMarket’s Lift Conversion Index® (LCI) Attribution Platform to optimize their campaign efforts to drive an average Return on Advertising Spend (ROAS) of $40 from incremental store visits. Download Study Introducing The 2021 InMarket Lift Leaders. The Lift Leaders program was developed to recognize the individuals who challenged the status quo, brought new thinking and accountability to their organizations and drove unprecedented growth and results during good times and bad. Watch the Videos How we can help LEARN Analytics Analyze offline behaviors and movements in order to optimize future campaigns via strategic insights about your customers and competitors. Learn More BUILD Audiences Target users based on location, behavior, and motivations to drive offline visits and purchases across multiple channels. Learn More BUILD Activation Reach consumers in the moments that matter, precisely when and where they are making purchase decisions – InPath, InStore and InHand. Learn More MEASURE Attribution Precisely measure the impact of your advertising efforts on foot traffic and purchase lift. Better understand who they are and why they shop. Learn More The InMarket difference Your message, at the moments that matterReach over 30 million Comscore-verified US consumers based on real world behaviors and inspire them in the moments that matter – while they’re making purchase decisions.Precise, permission-based SDK-derived dataOur Moments SDK leverages GPS and indoor location signals while consumers are on the move, providing the most accurate and precise delivery of Lat/Long, POI, time, date and dwell time of a visit available today.Transformational measurement, 360 degree consumer intelligence & unrivaled flexibilityReveal who your customers truly are. Learn what they buy, where they go, when they’re most receptive to brand engagement, and what truly motivates them. Solutions available as a managed service via data feeds (DaaS) or dashboards (SaaS). Learn More Selected clients Connect with consumers where they are spending more time today with InMarket’s InHome Moments. Share real-time updates, product information, services, benefits or promotions to build awareness and consideration “10/10 rating because the InMarket team is responsive, flexible, knowledgeable, and the product itself performs well.” Kayla O’Leary – Mindshare InSights & Whitepapers Frequently cited in leading publications, InMarket’s intent, visit and transactional data provides advertisers with key insights about what people plan to do, where people go and what people buy. Let's begin Contact us today and learn how we can maximize the moments that matter together. Menu Technology Resources Industries Company Login Let's Start © 2023 InMarket | All rights reservedEthics Principles | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information | AdChoices | Terms of Service