SALESmanago - AI Commerce Growth Platform We use cookies for a better Customer Experience. Please see our Terms and Conditions for more information. I accept cookies LOG IN LOG IN DEMO ACCOUNT FREE TRIAL REQUEST A DEMO EN PL DE ES IT About Us About Us Company Integrations Management Platform Overview SALESmanago Effect Video Technology Media About Us Product Hub Awards Blog Nine-Digit Euro Investment Community Customers & Reviews Gallery Logos & Graphics More Contact GDPR Terms of Use Anti-Spam Policy Product Customer Data Platform Customer Data Platform eCommerce Dashboard NEW Customer Preference Center USP RFM Automation Hyper Segmentation Center USP Data Exchange Deep Behavioral Profiling USP Predictive Analytics Dynamic Segments Machine Learning & AI Recommendations Contact Import Wizard Campaigns Management Marketing Automation Website Automation Unified Workflow Console Marketing Insights Command Center A/B/X Testing & Optimization Omnichannel Execution Email Marketing AI Studio NEW Web Push Mobile Marketing Social Media Advertising Networks & DMP Website Website Personalization Lead Generation Live Chat Search Engine Turbocharger USP Chat Bot Visual Products Search and Recommendations USP Social Proof Voice Commerce USP Loyalty Program Personal Shopping Inbox USP Resources Knowledge Center Ebooks Key Martech Metrics Case Studies First Steps Infographics Support SALESmanago vs Competitors Webinars API Books Towards Artificial Intelligence and Hyperpersonalization Academy Customer Experience Academy SALESmanago Certified Specialists Affiliation Program Global BDM Network Pricing Become a Partner Careers Community About Us About Us Company Integrations Management Platform Overview SALESmanago Effect Video Technology Media About Us Product Hub Awards Blog Nine-Digit Euro Investment Community Customers & Reviews Gallery Logos & Graphics More Contact GDPR Terms of Use Anti-Spam Policy Product Customer Data Platform Customer Data Platform eCommerce Dashboard NEW Customer Preference Center USP RFM Automation Hyper Segmentation Center USP Data Exchange Deep Behavioral Profiling USP Predictive Analytics Dynamic Segments Machine Learning & AI Recommendations Contact Import Wizard Campaigns Management Marketing Automation Website Automation Unified Workflow Console NEW Marketing Insights Command Center A/B/X Testing & Optimization Omnichannel Communication Email Marketing AI Studio NEW Web Push Mobile Marketing Social Media Advertising Networks & DMP Website Website Personalization Lead Generation Live Chat Search Engine Turbocharger USP Chat Bot Visual Products Search and Recommendations USP Social Proof Voice Commerce USP Loyalty Program Personal Shopping Inbox USP Resources Knowledge Center Ebooks Key Martech Metrics Case Studies First Steps Infographics Support SALESmanago vs Competitors Webinars API Books Towards Artificial Intelligence and Hyperpersonalization Academy Customer Experience Academy SALESmanago Certified Specialists Affiliation Program Global BDM Network Pricing Become a Partner Careers Community LOG IN DEMO ACCOUNT FREE TRIAL LOG IN REQUEST A DEMO EN PL DE ES IT SALESmanago Live Product Demo Wednesday, 10:00 am CEST REGISTER SALESmanago Live Product Demo Wednesday, 10:00 am CEST REGISTER Beat Your Customer Experience Playbooks AI Commerce Growth Platform combining Customer Data, Omnichannel Marketing Automation and Analytics. Easy-to-use, enterprise-grade solutions that will make your customer interactions feel exceptionally personal Request a Demo Weekly Live Demo Success. Together! 2000+ eCommerce businesses have successfully deployed SALESmanago AI Commerce Growth Platform and are growing on average 38% annually Success. Together! 2000+ eCommerce businesses have successfully deployed SALESmanago AI Commerce Growth Platform and are growing on average 38% annually Victoria’s Secret Yves Rocher Tanners Wines Balagan Savicki Nahdi 5700% ROI from solutions offered by SALESmanago 31% of transactions supported by SALESmanago 1200% growth in email campaign effectiveness thanks to dynamic messages (compared to mass communication) 200% higher birthday communication effectiveness compared to standard mass emails 87% of the Contact database are actual buyers 50% of transactions made in a single quarter driven by SALESmanago 44% of last-click supported transactions generated by Automation Processes 3 097% ROI from implementing SALESmanago 23% increase in the Contact base year on year 622% higher CTR and 206% higher OR for dynamic emails with 1-to-1 recommendations compared to mass emails 183% higher OR for dynamic emails compared to mass emails 177% higher CTR for automated emails compared to mass emails Features All-in-one tool Take advantage of our unique solutions to make your Customer Experience stand out in the digital marketplace. CDP Gather Zero-Party Data Learn more Automation Create omnichannel retargeting campaigns Learn more CDP Segment Contacts based on transactions Learn more Channels Generate email copy with the help of AI Learn more Channels Run personalized WhatsApp campaigns Learn more EDS Deliver personalized recommendations by email Learn more Dashboard Analyze campaign performance Learn more Channels Support and engage through Live Chat Learn more Customer Data Platform A marketing-first CDP designed to power your campaigns Easily collect and integrate Zero-, First-, and Third-Party Data from any sources. Go beyondsimple transactional and behavioral data and identify high-value purchasers with Segmentation, RFM Analysis, and Predictive Analytics. Put your customer data to work in AI-driven personalized campaigns. Learn more about our CDP Unified database Consolidate structured and unstructured data collected from multiple sources within a single customer database composed of individual Contact Cards No-code operations Be independent with a set of ready-to-use features in a marketer-managed system, to easily communicate with your customers and enhance their customer journey Predictive Analytics Use AI predictions to identify the optimum next move, personalize your communications, and increase customer engagement and customer lifetime value Unified database Consolidate structured and unstructured data collected from multiple sources within a single customer database composed of individual Contact Cards No-code operations Be independent with a set of ready-to-use features in a marketer-managed system, to easily communicate with your customers and enhance their customer journey Predictive Analytics Use AI predictions to identify the optimum next move, personalize your communications, and increase customer engagement and customer lifetime value Automations Design hyper-personalized customer journeys Build personalized buyer journeys powered with real-time customer data. Easily automate with the world’s most flexible workflow & campaign management engine Transform your customer data into experiences that delight, engage, and convert. Learn more about Workflows Effortlessly build advanced processes Discover the benefits of a no-code platform with extensive customization capabilities. Automate your marketing activities to target the right audiences at the right time. Design customer journeys, not sales funnels Adopt a customer journey-focused perspective and align your marketing efforts with the dynamic paths followed by individual customers. Run personalized omnichannel campaigns powered by customer data Leverage your Customer Data Platform (CDP) to run effective, highly personalized communication across various channels. Blend security, agility & efficiency Rest assured of top-level security while enjoying best-in-class system performance on a daily basis. Save time with templates Achieve your marketing goals quickly and effortlessly by using our email templates, Workflow Library, and Workflow Generator. Be lean and impactful Streamline your work, reduce errors, and optimize your automation efforts for impactful results that propel your business forward. Effortlessly build advanced processes Discover the benefits of a no-code platform with extensive customization capabilities. Automate your marketing activities to target the right audiences at the right time. Design customer journeys, not sales funnels Adopt a customer journey-focused perspective and align your marketing efforts with the dynamic paths followed by individual customers. Run personalized omnichannel campaigns powered by customer data Leverage your Customer Data Platform (CDP) to run effective, highly personalized communication across various channels. Blend security, agility & efficiency Rest assured of top-level security while enjoying best-in-class system performance on a daily basis. Save time with templates Achieve your marketing goals quickly and effortlessly by using our email templates, Workflow Library, and Workflow Generator. Be lean and impactful Streamline your work, reduce errors, and optimize your automation efforts for impactful results that propel your business forward. Features Ditch the mundane and delight customers with outstanding experiences across all channels. Embrace the power of AI-based content creation tools to design marketing communications that turn heads. Connect with each customer on their preferred channels. Leverage AI to deliver personalized recommendations based on customers’ interests and preferences. Learn more about Email Design Studio Learn more about EDS Email Marketing Easily create and send emails that look great on all devices. Discover the only mobile-first email creator with Zero-Party Data and AI capabilities: the Email Design Studio. Mobile Marketing: SMS, Viber & WhatsApp Reach your customers wherever they are. Deliver 1-to-1 personalized offers through channels that keep growing in importance. Live Chat & Chatbot Support your customers on their purchase journey and increase your sales by suggesting the right products in direct conversations. Web Push Leverage your customer data and our AI technology to orchestrate personalized Web Push campaigns that bring measurable results. Mobile Push [SALESmanago Mobile] Unlock the potential of automation with Mobile Push notifications displayed in your mobile app. Automate your Mobile Marketing campaigns for real-time engagement. Social Media Create and manage ad audiences to reach your Contacts in the digital spaces they frequent and enjoy. Email Marketing Easily create and send emails that look great on all devices. Discover the only mobile-first email creator with Zero-Party Data and AI capabilities: the Email Design Studio. Mobile Marketing: SMS, Viber & WhatsApp Reach your customers wherever they are. Deliver 1-to-1 personalized offers through channels that keep growing in importance. Live Chat & Chatbot Support your customers on their purchase journey and increase your sales by suggesting the right products in direct conversations. Web Push Leverage your customer data and our AI technology to orchestrate personalized Web Push campaigns that bring measurable results. Social Media Create and manage ad audiences to reach your Contacts in the digital spaces they frequent and enjoy. Mobile Push [SALESmanago Mobile] Unlock the potential of automation with Mobile Push notifications displayed in your mobile app. Automate your Mobile Marketing campaigns for real-time engagement. Explore an ecosystem of 50+ easy-to-implement integrations Learn more about our integrations Your success is our success Meet the people who chose SALESmanago Case Study Library Victoria’s Secret Yves Rocher Tanners Wines Balagan Savicki Nahdi “SALESmanago allowed us to easily scale our eCommerce [...] Thanks to a very simple integration process, we were able to simplify our growth and make it faster and faster.” Valeria Barahona Ecommerce Manager "Implementing process automation not only enhances customer engagement but also enables the reactivation of dormant customers at the opportune moment. Real-time monitoring functionalities aid in creating more refined segments, thereby optimizing traffic monetization in the online store. Considering the above, SALESmanago contributes to increasing market flow through the online channel." Karol Bzymek Head of Digital & IT CEE "SALESmanago have plugged the gaps in our online marketing. Allowed Tanners to improve customer insights and better understand how to move the business forwards. The core strength is managing data, and this is the foundation to everything else SALESmanago offers – allowing us to better segment, implement automation and better tailor and time our messaging." Robert McQuattie Ecommerce Manager "SALESmanago has enabled us to achieve a higher level of sales by implementing a number of automation and personalized marketing solutions in our online store – starting from newsletters and Workflows, to cart recovery and Recommendation Frames." Magda Kulesza Managing Director "Content personalization and advanced audience segmentation are something that our e-mail marketing has been missing so far. Today we know, that thanks to SALESmanago, we can conduct efficient and effective mailing and implement effective solutions that help us build strong relationships with customers by directing them to a tailored offer in a sensitive industry, which is online jewelry sales." Radosław Gołębski Member of the Board "Segmentation, personalization, automation of communication, and the CDP give us that edge we need to exceed the expectations of our website visitors and deliver exceptional business results. In comparison to other leading solutions on the market, SALESmanago seems to deliver the best value and Nahdi hopes to continue our fruitful communication." Pawel Dabrowski Omnichannel Director Empower your marketing activities with customer data and AI-driven solutions Request a Demo Sign in to subscribe our newsletter Thank you for subscribing I agree to process my personal data in marketing purposes of Benhauer LTD (the owner of SALESmanago) * I agree to receive commercial e-communication about products of Benhauer and its partners. * By clicking the button, you confirm that you have familiarised yourself with information about the processing of personal data. Follow us Demo Log in now Pricing Guaranteed ROI Partners Become Reseller × About Us Company Career WE'RE HIRING Contact Us Terms of Use Anti-spam Policy Notification of violations Features Customer Data Platform Marketing Automation Customer Preference Center Customer Preference Center NEW Website Automation Hyper Segmentation Center Web Push Search Engine Turbocharger Visual Product Search and Recommendations Voice Commerce Personal Shopping Inbox Community Our Customers Certification course Competitors Key Martech Metrics Solutions Product Hub Technology Integrations API Resources Ebooks Case Studies Webinars Blog Support Features Customer Data Platform Marketing Automation Customer Preference Center NEW Website Automation Hyper Segmentation Center Web Push Search Engine Turbocharger Visual Product Search and Recommendations Voice Commerce Personal Shopping Inbox Resources Ebooks Case Studies Webinars Blog Support Blog Take Pleasure from the Latest Yahoo and Gmail Knots and Fetters – with Kamasutra! February 01 2024 As CMO Role Is Going Under, what eCommerce Marketers Need to Know To Stay On Top? February 29 2024 View all posts >> SALESmanago is a Customer Engagement Platform for impact-hungry eCommerce marketing teams who want to be lean yet powerful, trusted revenue growth partners for CEOs. Our AI-driven solutions have already been adopted by 2000+ mid-size businesses in 50 countries, as well as many well-known global brands such as Starbucks, Vodafone, Lacoste, KFC, New Balance and Victoria’s Secret. London Amsterdam New York Milan Madrid Warsaw London Amsterdam New York Milan Madrid Warsaw +1-855-395-0027 2024 © All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy SALESmanago is a Customer Engagement Platform for impact-hungry eCommerce marketing teams who want to be lean yet powerful, trusted revenue growth partners for CEOs. Our AI-driven solutions have already been adopted by 2000+ mid-size businesses in 50 countries, as well as many well-known global brands such as Starbucks, Vodafone, Lacoste, KFC, New Balance and Victoria’s Secret. +1-855-395-0027 London Amsterdam New York Milan Madrid Warsaw 2024 © All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy