Sound Transit Skip to main content Feedback Search Menu Find schedule Plan your trip Find stop or station Select a transit mode and route Select Transit Mode Link light rail Sounder train ST Express bus Enter Route Find schedule Enter a departure and destination Reverse start and end locations Leave now Arrive by Depart after More options Plan your trip Enter a stop or location Use your current location, select a recent search, or start typing to search for routes, stops, or locations. Explore options with up and down arrows, or by touch. Select with enter, click, or tap. Clear stop or location Find stop Favorites Service alerts alert Elevator closure Ongoing: University Street North Mezzanine elevators to Benaroya Hall lobby availability reduced for 2024 1 Line alert Multi route reroute Ongoing: ST 554 and ST 556 to Seattle will be rerouted; Stop #67019 on I-90 Expwy Ramp & 142nd Pl SE - Bay 3 will be missed beginning Monday, February 26 due to construction. Use Stop #67014 at Eastgate P&R - Bay 1 instead. Routes 554 & 556 alert Stop closure Ongoing: ST Express 595 will experience a temporary stop closure at 6th Ave & Skyline Dr N (outbound) until further notice due to construction. Route 595 alert Stop closure Ongoing: ST Express 550, ST Express 590, ST Express 592, ST Express 594 and ST Express 595 will experience a stop closure at 2nd Ave & Yesler Way until further notice due to construction Routes 590, 592, 594 & 595 alert Stop closure Ongoing: ST Express 574 will experience a stop closure at I-5 & Kent - Des Moines Fwy Station and Star Lake Fwy Station through Mon Apr 15 due to construction Route 574 See all service and elevator alerts Opening April 27 Get ready for a new way to get around The 2 Line opens on April 27 with eight new stations from South Bellevue to Redmond. Now arriving, the 2 Line Powering progress En route to success in 2024 Our achievements in 2023 set the stage to bring new light rail service to five new cities and tens of thousands of riders in 2024. Read more Reduced fares See if you qualify for a reduced fare Low-income adult fare (ORCA LIFT) Senior/disabled fare (65+ or qualifying disability) Youth fare (ages 6-18) Upcoming events Mar 7 Executive Committee Meeting The Executive Committee's responsibilities include oversight and review of… Mar 7 Rider Experience & Operations Committee Meeting The Rider Experience and Operations Committee oversees the agency's operating… Mar 13 Community Oversight Panel Meeting Monitoring Sound Transit’s performance in meeting its public commitments. Learn… Mar 14 Public Hearing on Service Plan Phase 2: ST Express The purpose of this hearing is to receive public comment on Sound Transit’s… Mar 14 Finance and Audit Committee Meeting The Finance and Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight/review of the… See all events Board and committee meetings Join Board meetings via Webex The Board and Committees are meeting in the Ruth Fisher Board Room and via WebEx, which you can join from each meeting's calendar event. Board calendar events System expansion Planning and building fast, reliable transit New voter-approved Link light rail, Sounder train and ST Express bus rapid transit projects are underway. See how this new service can get you to your destination. Explore our projects The Platform Take transit to the game! You've got options: from Link to the monorail, Sounder game trains, the bus and more. Deep cleaning the downtown stations If you have been at our downtown stations lately, you’ll noticed that they are a lot cleaner than they have been in a long time. In fact, they positively glisten. Read more blog posts Read The Platform Get to know us Who we are We're connecting more people to more places. Learn about the mission and values that drive Sound Transit employees everyday. Now hiring! We are looking for people to help us plan, build and operate one of the largest regional transit systems in the country. Procurement, contracts, and agreements Find open solicitations and learn more about how your business can work with Sound Transit. Learn more about Sound Transit Learn more about Sound Transit Did you know? Our buses and trains are fully accessible From paying your fare and navigating stations to boarding and riding transit vehicles, we've designed Sound Transit to be accessible for all. Find out what this means for you Current elevator and escalator outages Sign up for service alerts and other updates Enter your email or 10-digit phone number Subscribe now Need assistance? General rider inquiries main@soundtransit.org 1-888-889-6368, TTY Relay 711, Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Accessibility inquiries 1-800-201-4900, TTY Relay 711, Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Call or text security 24/7 206-398-5268 Quick links Jobs System map Translation services New to Sound Transit? News and events Stations and parking Lost and found Civil rights and complaints Ride with us Follow us facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin View in other languages © 2024 Sound Transit Terms, conditions and privacy policy Close menu Main menu Home Ride with us Ride with us menu How to ride How to pay Trip planner Routes and schedules Popular destinations Know before you go Riding transit in winter System performance tracker Get to know us Get to know us menu News and events Environment and sustainability Service maps Who we are Board of Directors Doing business with us Office of Civil Rights, Equity and Inclusion Jobs Our brand Panels and committees ​Paying for regional transit Documents and reports System expansion System expansion menu 2023 Progress Report Current projects Realignment Building the system Creating vibrant stations Planning future service Innovation and technology Help and contacts Help and contacts menu Frequently asked questions Translation services Lost and found Business information LifeSTyle The Platform blog Feedback Close menu