Free Crowdfunding for India | #1 Fundraising website in India | Milaap For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. support Home Donate Lend Pricing Contact us Start a fundraiser add_circle_outline cancel Start a fundraiser Takes less than 10 minutes to setup ​​Need assistance to setup a fundraiser? Call us at +919916174848 Login Register We're hiring! Join our product team and grow with us! navigate_next Milaap Free Crowdfunding for India Raise funds online for medical emergencies and social causes Start a fundraiser - it's FREE 908,000 + Fundraisers $290 Million + Raised 10 Million + Donations Thousands are fundraising online on Milaap Milaap app - fundraise and donate seamlessly! Set up and manage your fundraiser or donate to different causes from your mobile at anytime and from anywhere Scan the QR Code to download app. What people are saying about Milaap Riddhi K Shah @Riddhi K Shah I've had an incredible experience with Milaap as a first-time fund-raiser. They have been patient, competent and efficient. And that led me to leave them a tip-amount that someone else would have had to set up a small fundraiser. I believe in this move and I think it's brilliant. Pushpa Aman Singh @pushpaaman The best news for fundraising in India! Will surely promote this in our network. Anoj Viswanathan, what a fabulous Independence Day gift and perfect timing for #GivingTuesdayIndia -#DaanUtsav campaigns! Venkat Krishnan N @venkat.n.37 WHAT A BOLD MOVE! This is such a courageous step taken by Milaap! Really amazing! Great news for all NGOs that are raising money! Congratulations, for this leap of faith! Let's hope it spurs a new breed of fundraisers and helps raise more money for nonprofits across India. Vineet Saraiwala @vineet.saraiwala Absolutely love this leap of faith. When you look at the Milaap platform, it definitely reflects the values of Anoj. This would come as a big boost to the social sector & a very rare instance of generosity which is never easy. Go #Milaap Naghma Mulla @nugs712 We can vouch for Milaap.. over the past few months, we have started fundraisers for our NGOs on this platform. they are very easy to work and operate with. So thrilled by this move! DeepthI @deepthEYE Thanks to @milaapdotorg and all the friends who shared our appeal, and responded in every possible way Dear all, you literally stood with our family in this tough time. My family salutes your compassion and empathy 🙏 Always grateful Riz G @ritesh_to I like the way @milaapdotorg keeps updating on the health of the kid for whom I contributed....by far the best experience while contributing to the cause.. keep it up guys. Cheers !! KP @KunalHasArrived @milaapdotorg Team Milaap, i'd like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for being the strongest pillar in this time of need. I was running this campaign and have successfully raised approx Rs 6 lakh for my colleague. I'm short of words right now. Deepti @MeDamselDee Milaap is an organisation very very dear to my heart. Years ago, it was the soulful eyes of a wailing young child who needed a liver transplant- & left the world just before his surgery- that shook me to my core. Illness is unfair and most cruel to the poorest. MARIO @Quantum_Aghori I really like how @milaapdotorg sents you update about your donations, how and where it is used. I really suggest you guys to go ahead and donate whatever you can. Namrata Kumar Namrata Kumar Milaap has always updated me on how they are spending my contributions. It's not that I crave for the proof but the level of honesty is commendable. Please donate to organizations who actually help! No negativity please. Prashanth Rangaswamy @itisprashanth The psoriasis patient that we helped few weeks back. He received his 4th dose of cure injection today. Thank you @milaapdotorg - For being as genuine as as always. Thank you friends - For changing a life ! 😊 TheKidsDr @DrTRM If you are willing to help someone , do it thru @milaapdotorg Hemali Tanna @hemalitanna Hey Anoj, thank you, and all of Milaap for your help. The team just contacted Alex (the organizer), and he thanks you sincerely. Shraddha Chakraborty @Chakravyuh214 Kudos to @milaapdotorg for collaborating with @CEIempowers ! For me, Milaap's credibility has truly skyrocketed post this, as Corporate Giants like United Way, Glenmark, Rotary Club, ASK Financials are also collaborating with CEI. 👍🏼👏👏 Bruised Soul @tarun_imandi @milaapdotorg Thank you for facilitating me in helping my friend who we lost recently in a tragedy. Best wishes for all the future good you people are putting in together for the society. Satyen V Kothari @saty_77 If you would like to donate in the meantime, pick one of the causes on my favourite website for this stuff - @milaapdotorg . The guys leading it, @anojviswanathan and Mayukh, are honest and dedicated. Quick link to find donation options for Covid: http://milaap.org/covid19 RJ Prithvi @prithviradio Power lifter @vishwabhaskar was on my Radio show 2 months ago. He needed 2.5 lac Rupees to participate at the commonwealth powerlifting championships held at Canada! Through @milaapdotorg we managed to collect 2.7… https://instagram.com/p/B20vFfJFTKy/?igshid=1t5w7nmpc75dv Pratibha {Pratsmusings} @Myepica When that one little contribution impacts so many lives. I'm so glad to be associated with @milaapdotorg and to have contributed to someone's growth. #milaap #bethechange Francis 💫 @_francisthomas Yes. Can't complain about Milaap's updates. Extensive documenting of efforts. Dinesh Vernekar @VernekarD @milaapdotorg's emails are 👌 I love the 'have helped fund new loans' & '#milaapstory' emails the best. Gowrishankar @tsgowrishankar Milaap has an "ask for update" section which comes back with an update usually filled with smiles. I tend to go back looking for a positive update. It would make sense for online charities to do this proactively to create a reward for donors. Try making this a habit. Arun Katiyar @arunkatiyar @milaapdotorg thank you for making things like this happen: https://milaap.org/updates/this-amount-fulfilled-her-dreams-of-buying-a-cow You guys rock! #LoveReadingYourMails Luis Miranda Luis Miranda You guys have been awesome and to think that we started with a target of Rs 10 lakhs (we thought that was ambitious!) and ended with Rs 98.5 lakhs. This was my first attempt at crowd funding and the Milaap team and all of you donors have been fabulous. 🦋⁷⟭⟬ @HYYH_butterfly Milaap gets all the details before the fundraiser start the campaign, they usually do this for Medical donations, I’ve donated it multiple times, please google how Milaap works maybe it could help you trust. And once you click Milaap link the details would be inside! Shrenis Network @shrenisnetwork When we decided to set up a relief fund for these groups, our thoughts immediately went to Milaap. Through their work, the team has helped several communities in times of distress. We thank them for being such an integral part of our efforts to raise funds in the lockdown! Hopeful Shelter @HopefulShelter @milaapdotorg is a good platform and support of the team is also good, we also raised from there Shishir Mandya @shishir.mandya Milaap is truly a wonderful organisation and I am proud to have dealt with it, a lot of times to help the needy. They have impacted/ touched millions of lives across the country and now #Raising funds without #Charging..God Bless 🙏 you with Strength to continue the Great work. Alina Alam @alina.alam312 They have a fantastic back-end team who helped us create our video and provided all other support. Easiest fundraising platform to use till date. Milaap has the best videos made in comparison to any platform. Vidya Yashvant Patil @vidyayashvant.patil.9 Great initiative & really bold step from #Milaap . Its No. 1 crowdfunding platform in India. I just started my life's 1st camping on #milaap with goal of 20K now raised more than 160k. Khushroo Poacha @KhushrooPoacha Leap of Faith.. I remembered my 10 days Vipassana course when the course finishes you are told that if you wish to donate you can do so. Trustees told me that there never was a shortfall. Donations would come in. So will it be at Milaap. This is a new beginning in this sector. DA Emergency Fund @daef_fund The success of the campaign on #Milaap has encouraged others in our DA family to come forward and ask for help Sriram @sriram2019 This is huge. Milaap makes a leap of faith to become non-reliant on platform fees and instead on community contributions as a revenue model.Perhaps this is Milaap's turn to join the big leagues like Wikipedia. We must watch in awe as well as support them with our goodwill & money Krishna Limb for Animals @krishnalimb The team of Milaap kept reminding us worth of getting people involved with the cause. Then lock down wiped all possibilities but they apprised about each step very gently without a push strategy (that is what we appreciate most) and each update was routed to us for transparency. sunidhi prajapat @suprajapat @milaapdotorg This is so satisfying.❤️ When u donate or contribute in some important cause, you worry that the contribution will help the needy or will just go in the pockets of corrupted people. Milaap always keeps u updated what they are doing. It motivates us to help more :) Abhishek Gupta @iamraawankbye When you know you’ve been a part of something so big that it has changed someone’s life. I urge you all to contribute to such organisation’s campaigns.The amount doesn’t matter.Your effort matters. You might end up saving someone’s life. Milaap thank you for delivering this news✨ Ramya Chulliyil @ramya.iitb Asha expresses her immense gratitude to all of you who gave her this extended life. I would like to thank all of you who contributed generously to the fundraising and the Milaap platform 🙏 Once again all of you proved that humanity still exists and prevails over anything. 🤗🤗 Stefan Martyres @Martysmarty01 I believe @milaapdotorg is not only the industry leader in the crowd funding space but also has a set of very transparent and dedicated set of people running the show whom I really admire working with. Hats off for being so consistent throughout! 🙌 Riz G @ritesh_to Nice to get regular updates on the campaigns that one has contributed to. Well done ⁦ @milaapdotorg Bhaskar Jha @bhaskarjha08 @milaapdotorg Thank you for creating this awesome platform for helping those in need. This provides a platform to help along with assurance for both in need and the helping souls to come forward and help believing it's an authenticated fund request. Keep doing the great work 👍 Viji Lalgudi @lalgudiviji A big thanks to Anoj Viswanathan and Milaap for providing us the platform free of charge to raise funds for various causes during the lockdown. Thanks to their team for making the payment gateway user friendly and hassle-free. Grateful to all the donors for extending your support ​​See all reviews Milaap About us Press and media Team Careers Contact Thank you Indian office address Milaap Social Ventures India Pvt. Ltd.Nextcoworks JP Nagar - Coworking Space JP Nagar Alankar Plaza, Bk circle, Nayak Layout, 8th Phase, J. P. Nagar,Bangalore, Karnataka, India 560078 Supported by Start a fundraiser Pricing Reviews FAQs and tips Find us on Set up, manage and promote your fundraiser with Milaap app Download Now! Security & Privacy Conditions of use © 2010 - 2024 milaap.org. All rights reserved. Please wait...