University of Notre Dame Skip To Content Skip To Navigation Skip To Search Home Academics Admissions Research Global Faith & Service Campus Life About Visit About Visit Give Alumni Athletics University of Notre Dame Home Academics Admissions Research Global Faith & Service Campus Life About Visit About Visit Give Alumni Athletics Home Contact Search Menu Research A vision of hope The Notre Dame community rallies to serve rare disease patients and their families through advocacy, education, and research. Read Story University Notre Dame makes $68 million commitment to fighting mental health crisis University Presidential lecture series A fireside chat with Rev. John I Jenkins, C.S.C Research ND Expert Ahmed Abbasi AI's major challenge is striking balance between innovation, precaution Research The Opportunity of Inquiry For scholars who share a common passion for inquiry because of what it can reveal about our world and ourselves, there is opportunity here. Research at ND Faith & Service The Demands of Justice Notre Dame is animated by a faith that inspires us to seek knowledge because of the powerful tool it can be to improve humankind. Faith & Service at ND Global The Connected World Notre Dame seeks to be in the world, and to bring the world to Notre Dame, because inquiry and scholarly exchange are enriched by the pursuit of cultural fluency. Global Scholarship at ND University News Notre Dame At Work View all news Community News Father Jenkins given keys to South Bend, Mishawaka at MLK Day event University of Notre Dame President Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., was presented with keys to the cities of South Bend and Mishawaka during the annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Community Service Recognition Breakfast on Monday in South Bend. Read Article Latest News Snicker Sisters, niblicks and thirsty frogs: Changes a part of the Burke Golf Course’s colorful history The changes currently underway at the Burke Golf Course on the southwest corner of the University of Notre Dame campus are just the latest for the nearly century-old greensward. Read Article Faculty and Staff Nitesh Chawla elected 2024 AAAI Fellow for outstanding contributions to AI The Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) has elected Nitesh Chawla, Frank M. Freimann Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame, as one of its 2024 fellows. Read Article Research Astrophysicists publish Kepler Giant Planet Search, an aid to ‘figure out where to find life’ Lauren Weiss A team of astrophysicists led by Lauren Weiss, assistant professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Notre Dame, created the first-ever catalog of small, Earth-like planets with Jupiter-like siblings (planets that share the same star) — a critical component in the search for life elsewhere in our universe.… Read Article University Stories Notre Dame In Focus View all stories Colleges and School Rising from the ashes Notre Dame architecture students get a behind-the-scenes look at the restoration of Cathedral of Notre-Dame University The new Arts Gateway: Raclin Murphy Museum of Art To blend past and present, art and teaching, step inside to see the sights and hear the sounds of the Raclin Murphy Museum of Art, now open to the public. Colleges and Schools Accessibility awareness Architecture students learn equitable design “The world needs a university that graduates men and women who are not only capable and knowledgeable, but who accept their responsibility to serve others – especially those in greatest need.” — Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C. University Events Notre Dame In Motion View all events Mar 5 Panel Discussion: "Antisemitism and Other Hates" Tue, Mar 5 at 4:00 pm Mar 6 Lecture — "'Those of the Irish nation or extraction': Using Saint Patrick’s Day to Write a New History of the Irish Diaspora" Wed, Mar 6 at 3:30 pm Mar 9 Mid-Term Break (Spring Break for 2024) Sat, Mar 9 Mar 22 Ten Years Hence Lecture — "Symbiotic Human-AI Interaction: Examples of AI in Robot and AI in Finance" Fri, Mar 22 at 10:40 am Quick Links Bookstore Employment Tour InsideND Academic Calendar University of Notre Dame Facebook X/Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn © 2024 University of Notre Dame Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA 41.703234 -86.238985 Phone: (574) 631-5000 Contact Search Mobile App News Events Visit Accessibility Emergency Closed Captioning Notice of Non-Discrimination Home Academics Admissions Research Global Faith & Service Campus Life About Visit