Homepage | High Times Get Weed Delivery Shops Rewards HT Apparel & CBD Digital Archive Cannabis Cup HIGHTIMES TV Español Get Weed Delivery Shops Rewards HT Apparel & CBD Digital Archive Cannabis Cup HIGHTIMES TV Español Featured Categories News View Posts Guides View Posts Grow View Posts Events View Posts Entertainment View Posts Culture View Posts Social Links News Legalization Politics Browse By State Arizona Colorado Michigan Illinois Oklahoma Oregon Washington Business Culture Events Grow Products IR Get Med Card Get Weed The Latest Drapalin Pharmaceutical, German Rapper Antifuchs Team Up To Merge Cannabis Medicine with Music Culture World Adult-use Cannabis Legalization in Canada Has Led to Beer Sales Decline News World Brazen Drug Ads Wreak Havoc Thanks to Meta’s Facebook Ad Algorithms News Female Orgasmic Disorder Could Become a Qualifying Condition for Medical Cannabis in Four States News Women The Latest Drapalin Pharmaceutical, German Rapper Antifuchs Team Up To Merge Cannabis Medicine with Music Adult-use Cannabis Legalization in Canada Has Led to Beer Sales Decline Brazen Drug Ads Wreak Havoc Thanks to Meta’s Facebook Ad Algorithms Female Orgasmic Disorder Could Become a Qualifying Condition for Medical Cannabis in Four States Oregon Lawmakers Backtrack on Drug Decriminalization as Reversal Bill Goes to Gov Strains Ellen’s Bud Break: Flowers for Dark Days These fruity strains are sweet and stoney. byEllen HollandMarch 4, 2024 Weirdos Weed is Magic: A Rant in Two Parts March 1, 2024 Must Reads Read More Scientists Discover Male Humpback Whales Having Gay Sex Read More Binoid’s Best THC Flower of 2024 Idaho Activists Continue Drive To Get Medical Cannabis Measure On 2024 Ballot Executives Re-Enact Boston Tea Party To Protest Cannabis Tax Rule Psychedelic Conversations at Madame ZuZu’s Emporium How Long Do Delta 8 Gummies Take To Kick In? Navigating the World of Weed Drinks: An Introduction to Cycling Frog’s THC Seltzers Product Review: Gard’nClean Liquid Ultra-Pure Chlorine Dioxide Weed Event Survival Guide for Pot-Loving Introverts and the Socially Anxious Jon’s Stone-Cold Cop List #47: The Leap List Cannabeginners: What is Pinene? PLUS Dual Action Sleep Gummies are Here—One Bite and it’s Goodnight! Latest News Read More Smoker Who Stormed Capitol Sentenced to 3.5 Years in Prison Brandon Craig Fellows was sentenced to a total of 42 months in prison for his role in the… Read More Thailand Health Official Says New Recreational Pot Ban Will Go Into Effect This Year A law that walks back cannabis reform in Thailand is expected to be approved by the end of… Read More DEA Cracks Down on Internet Pill Press Sales For years now it has been incredibly easy to purchase tools online to use in the production… Read More U.K. Patients Flock to Medical Cannabis Clinics Due to ADHD Pill Shortage Many of the U.K.’s top ADHD drugs are facing a shortage, forcing patients to seek out… Read More New York Governor Calls On Websites To Stop Promoting Unlicensed Weed Shops New York Governor Kathy Hochul is calling on social media companies and websites to remove… Read More Survey: 86% of Californians Back Legal MJ Sources, Support for Reform Increasing A new survey shines a light on Californian attitudes on cannabis, with increasing support… Weekly Newsletter Get notified of our the latest cannabis news, exclusive brand deals, events updates and more! Subscribe Most Viewed This Week Read More Study: Vaporizing CBD/THC Cannabis Blend Effective for Sustained Migraine Relief Read More From the Archives: Fassbinder & His Friends (1983) Read More Shake ‘Em Up Never Miss An Update Sign Up for Our Weekly Newsletters Get notified of our the latest cannabis news, exclusive brand deals, events updates and more! Subscribe Latest In Culture Read More Cheap Schemes and Big Tobacco Tricks: The Recipe for White Ash Read More The Pharcyde: An Interview with the Hip-Hop Luminaries Read More Gilbert Shelton’s Nephew Gavin Shelton Resurrects Comix Character ‘Poddy’ Read More The Bukowski Files Read More A Master of Concept Read More The Evolution of Cisco Adler Recent Interviews The Midwestern Princess Chappell Roan is America’s most authentic pop star. January 14, 2024 Read More Sam Jay: Comedian or Therapist? Read More Smoking Shots Read More Cannabis in the Kitchen Read More Artist Chris Pierce Gives Everything He Has Culture World Drapalin Pharmaceutical, German Rapper Antifuchs Team Up To Merge Cannabis Medicine with Music Watch an exclusive snippet of the music video here. byCynthia SalarizadehMarch 5, 2024 News World Adult-use Cannabis Legalization in Canada Has Led to Beer Sales Decline By examining the units of hectoliters per 100,000 people in Canadian provinces, researchers discovered some interesting trends. byNicole PotterMarch 5, 2024 News Brazen Drug Ads Wreak Havoc Thanks to Meta’s Facebook Ad Algorithms Reporters in Canada tested out the integrity of Facebook’s moderation abilities and were sorely disappointed. byBenjamin M. AdamsMarch 5, 2024 News Women Female Orgasmic Disorder Could Become a Qualifying Condition for Medical Cannabis in Four States Science confirms what many of us discovered on our own. bySophie Saint ThomasMarch 5, 2024 News Oregon Oregon Lawmakers Backtrack on Drug Decriminalization as Reversal Bill Goes to Gov After Oregon voters approved a measure to decriminalize possession of small amounts of drugs in 2020, lawmakers are looking to undo the reform… byKeegan WilliamsMarch 5, 2024 Strains Ellen’s Bud Break: Flowers for Dark Days These fruity strains are sweet and stoney. byEllen HollandMarch 4, 2024 News Science Scientists Discover Male Humpback Whales Having Gay Sex For the first time in recorded history, male humpback whales were photographed having sex with each other for half an hour right underneath a… byPatrick MaraveliasMarch 4, 2024 Sponsored Binoid’s Best THC Flower of 2024 Check out the top THC Flower on the market today. bySponsoredMarch 4, 2024 CBD Health Study Study: Vaporizing CBD/THC Cannabis Blend Effective for Sustained Migraine Relief Sure, most of us have had a few bad headaches in our lives, but migraines are a different story. byKeegan WilliamsMarch 4, 2024 District of Columbia News Smoker Who Stormed Capitol Sentenced to 3.5 Years in Prison Brandon Craig Fellows was sentenced to a total of 42 months in prison for his role in the Jan. 6, 2021 riot in Washington, D.C. byBenjamin M. AdamsMarch 4, 2024 Weekly Newsletter Get notified of our the latest cannabis news, exclusive brand deals, events updates and more! Subscribe Weekly Newsletter Subscribe For Free Get notified of our the latest cannabis news, exclusive brand deals, events updates and more! Subscribe Subscribe Advertise Classifieds Legal Directory Our Company Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Residents Privacy Notice Write For Us Investor Relations Since 1974, High Times Magazine has been the #1 resource for cannabis news, culture, brands and marijuana legalization laws.