NASA Mars Exploration NASA NASA Science Mars Exploration Program Skip Navigation menu ROVER BLOG Bunsen Peak Piques Interest Perseverance has continued its traverse west through the Margin unit. As the rover drives, images and data are obtained using instruments such as Mastcam-Z, Navcam, and SuperCam to track any changes in the chemistry or appearance of the rocks. READ MORE FEATURE Rover Images Ingenuity's Final Destination Perseverance rover imagery of the Ingenuity helicopter on the Mars surface shows the damaged rotor blade that led to the conclusion of the highly successful helicopter mission after three years and 72 flights. Spot the Helicopter Related Article Image Gallery ROVER BLOG Depositional Processes of the Margin Unit There has been much discussion and interest regarding the origin of the Margin unit. The Margin unit has gained interest due to the presence of carbonates and its implications for the paleoenvironment and biosignature preservation of ancient Mars. READ MORE ROVER BLOG Beehive Geyser Beckons Perseverance continues its uphill march through the tricky terrain of the margin unit, an area with enhanced signals of carbonate. READ MORE ROVER BLOG Farewell to Our Flying Friend and Closing in on the Crater Rim After 72 flights and 17 kilometers flown, it is finally time for us to say goodbye to the Ingenuity helicopter. READ MORE MARS REPORT The Most Extreme Flights of NASA's Ingenuity Mars Helicopter NASA’s Ingenuity Mars Helicopter pushed aerodynamic limits during the final months of its mission, setting new records for speed, distance, and altitude. Hear from Ingenuity chief engineer Travis Brown on how the data the team collected could eventually be used in future rotorcraft designs. WATCH VIDEO MORE The Red Planet The Red Planet Dashboard Science Goals The Mars Exploration Program studies Mars as a planetary system in order to understand the formation and early evolution of Mars as a planet, the history of geological processes that have shaped Mars through time, the potential for Mars to have hosted life, and the future exploration of Mars by humans. The strategy has evolved as we have learned more about Mars and as more questions have arisen. We have gone from “Follow the Water” to “Explore Habitability” to “Seek Signs of Life.” The Planet Atmosphere Astrobiology Past, Present, Future, Timeline Dashboard DATA DATA: TODAY'S WEATHER (°F) -4° high -98° low Sol 3039 – MSL DATA: TODAY'S WEATHER (°C) -20° high -72° low Sol 3039 – MSL DATA: SUNRISE, SUNSET 6:37 AM 6:35 PM Sol 3039 – MSL DATA: ATMOSPHERE Moderate UV Sunny Condition Sol 3039 – MSL DATA: SEASON Spring Sol 3039 – MSL DATA: PRESSURE 827 mean Pascals Sol 3039 – MSL RECENT IMAGES Perseverance's 360-Degree View From 'Airey Hill' Perseverance's 360-Degree View From 'Airey Hill' Mars Disappearing Solar Wind: MAVEN Visualizations Mars Disappearing Solar Wind: MAVEN Visualizations Curiosity Views Mud Cracks in the Clay-Sulfate Transition Region Curiosity Views Mud Cracks in the Clay-Sulfate Transition Region Curved Bands of Rocks at 'Skrinkle Haven' Curved Bands of Rocks at 'Skrinkle Haven' Curiosity Finds a Book-Like Rock Curiosity Finds a Book-Like Rock Ingenuity at 'Airfield Mu' Ingenuity at 'Airfield Mu' Curiosity Views Feather-Shaped Iridescent Cloud Curiosity Views Feather-Shaped Iridescent Cloud Perseverance's Three Forks Sample Depot Selfie Perseverance's Three Forks Sample Depot Selfie Mastcam-Z Views the Eastern Edge of Jezero's Delta Mastcam-Z Views the Eastern Edge of Jezero's Delta Perseverance Views Depot in the Distance Perseverance Views Depot in the Distance COMPARE COMPARE: DISTANCE FROM SUN MARS 142 EARTH 93 millions of miles avg. COMPARE: DEEPEST CANYON VALLES MARINERIS 4.35 GRAND CANYON 1.1 miles deep COMPARE: DIAMETER MARS 4,220 EARTH 7,926 miles COMPARE: LENGTH OF DAY MARS 24:37 EARTH 23:56 hours:minutes COMPARE: HIGHEST MOUNTAIN OLYMPUS MONS 16 MAUNA KEA 6.34 miles (approximate) COMPARE: LARGEST IMPACT CRATER HELLAS CRATER 1,400 VREDEFORT (S. AFRICA) 186 miles in diameter COMPARE: TEMPERATURE MARS -81° EARTH 57° average (°F) COMPARE: YEAR MARS 687 EARTH 365 Earth days LATEST FINDINGS April 24, 2023 NASA InSight Study Provides Clearest Look Ever at Martian Core › December 21, 2022 NASA Retires InSight Mars Lander Mission After Years of Science › October 27, 2022 NASA's InSight Lander Detects Stunning Meteoroid Impact on Mars › October 21, 2022 NASA To Host Briefing on InSight, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Findings › October 20, 2022 Why NASA Is Trying To Crash Land on Mars › October 19, 2022 Curiosity Mars Rover Reaches Long-Awaited Salty Region › October 7, 2022 NASA's InSight Waits Out Dust Storm › September 19, 2022 NASA's InSight 'Hears' Its First Meteoroid Impacts on Mars › September 15, 2022 NASA's Perseverance Rover Investigates Geologically Rich Mars Terrain › August 25, 2022 NASA's Perseverance Makes New Discoveries in Mars' Jezero Crater › Science Goals The Mars Exploration Program studies Mars as a planetary system in order to understand the formation and early evolution of Mars as a planet, the history of geological processes that have shaped Mars through time, the potential for Mars to have hosted life, and the future exploration of Mars by humans. The strategy has evolved as we have learned more about Mars and as more questions have arisen. We have gone from “Follow the Water” to “Explore Habitability” to “Seek Signs of Life.” The Planet Atmosphere Atmosphere Mars’ atmosphere is composed primarily of carbon dioxide (about 96 percent), with minor amounts of other gases such as argon and nitrogen. The atmosphere is very thin, however, and the atmospheric pressure at the surface of Mars is only about 0.6 percent of Earth’s (101,000 pascals). Scientists think that Mars may have had a thicker atmosphere early in its history, and data from NASA spacecraft (the MAVEN mission) indicate that Mars has lost significant amounts of its atmosphere through time. The primary culprit for Mars’ atmospheric loss is the solar wind! Astrobiology Astrobiology Astrobiology is a relatively new field of study, where scientists from a variety of disciplines (astronomy, biology, geology, physics, etc.) work together to understand the potential for life to exist beyond Earth. However, the exploration of Mars has been intertwined with NASA’s search for life from the beginning. The twin Viking landers of 1976 were NASA’s first life detection mission, and although the results from the experiments failed to detect life in the Martian regolith, and resulted in a long period with fewer Mars missions, it was not the end of the fascination that the Astrobiology science community had for the red planet. The field of Astrobiology saw a resurgence due to the controversy surrounding the possible fossil life in the ALH84001 meteorite, and from the outsized public response to this announcement, and subsequent interest from Congress and the White House, NASA’s Astrobiology Program was formed. Also at this time, NASA’s Mars Exploration Program began to investigate Mars with an increasing focus on missions to the Red Planet. The Pathfinder Mission and Mars Exploration Rovers (Spirit and Opportunity) were sent to Mars to “Follow the Water,” recognizing that liquid water is necessary for life to exist on Earth. After establishing that Mars once had significant amount of water on its surface, the Mars Science Laboratory (which includes the Curiosity rover) was sent to Mars to determine whether Mars had the right ingredients in the rocks to host life, signaling a shift to the next theme of “Explore Habitability”. MEP developed the Mars 2020 Rover Mission to determine whether life may have left telltale signatures in the rocks on Mars’s surface, a further shift to the current science theme “Seek the Signs of Life”. Finding fossils preserved from early Mars might tell us that life once flourished on this planet. We can search for evidence of cells preserved in rocks, or at a much smaller scale: compounds called biosignatures are molecular fossils, specific compounds that give some indication of the organisms that created them. However, over hundreds of millions of years these molecular fossils on Mars are subject to being destroyed or transformed to the point where they may no longer be recognized as biosignatures. Future missions must either find surface regions where erosion from wind-blown sand has recently exposed very ancient material, or alternately samples must be obtained from a shielded region beneath the surface. This latter approach is being taken by the ExoMars rover under development where drilled samples taken from a depth of up to 2 meters will be analyzed. Past, Present, Future, Timeline Get the Scoop on Mars Samples Learn how Mars Sample Return would retrieve Mars samples collected by the Perseverance rover and bring them to Earth for study. Latest News February 13, 2024 Team Assessing SHERLOC Instrument on NASA's Perseverance Rover January 25, 2024 After Three Years on Mars, NASA's Ingenuity Helicopter Mission Ends January 17, 2024 20 Years After Landing: How NASA's Twin Rovers Changed Mars Science More News › Upcoming Events September 23, 2022 - March 30, 2024 Rowan University Edelman Planetarium September 27, 2022 - August 29, 2024 Boston, MA Museum of Science June 23, 2023 - June 24, 2024 St. Louis, MO St. Louis Science Center More Events › IMAGE OF THE WEEK Yardangs in Arsinoes Chaos more images & videos › Missions Lifting the veil on Mars. Past Expanding our robotic presence. Present Setting the stage for human exploration. Future All Missions › International Partners › More About Mars NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory presents "On a Mission," a podcast that explores a single mission to outer space. Listen to Mars Podcasts The Mars Helicopter, Ingenuity, is a technology demonstration to test powered flight on another world for the first time. Meet the Mars Helicopter Once Perseverance lands, see the latest images the rover sends back. Vote for your favorite to become "Image of the Week." Perseverance Raw Images If you sent your name on the Mars 2020 rover, find your boarding pass here! Missed your chance to fly with Perseverance? Sign up to send your name with a future Mars mission. Send Your Name to Mars Again Meet some of the faces behind the Mars Exploration Program. People Join us as we explore with robots and send humans there one day. Download a Mars poster that speaks to you. Mars Explorers Wanted An overview of basics about the Red Planet. Amazing Facts Explore Martian terrain maps with this interactive visualization tool. Mars Trek Short, animated answers to common questions about Mars ... in just 60 seconds. Mars in a Minute How the Red Planet has been envisioned in humankind's creative imagination. Pop Culture Mars How and where to spot the Red Planet overhead. Mars in the Night Sky Curious about Mars? Ask ROV-E. Ask a Question Get the Mars Newsletter Follow the Journey The Red Planet Dashboard Science Goals The Planet Atmosphere Astrobiology Past, Present, Future, Timeline The Program Mission Statement About the Program Organization Why Mars? Research Programs Planetary Resources Technologies News & Events News Events Multimedia Images Videos Audio Podcasts More Resources Missions Past Present Future International Partners More NASA Privacy Image Policy FAQ Feedback This site is maintained by the Mars Communications Team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory for NASA’s Science Mission Directorate Mars Communications Manager: Claire Powell NASA Official: Debra Hernandez Site Manager: Melody Ho Editor: Jane Platt CL#: 19-6952