The Nation Log In Email * Password * Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Log In New to The Nation? SubscribePrint subscriber? Activate your online access Skip to content Skip to footer Magazine Newsletters Subscribe Log In Search Subscribe Donate Magazine Latest Archive Podcasts Newsletters Sections Politics World Economy Culture Books & the Arts The Nation About Events Contact Us Advertise Current Issue Biden Redefines “Cease-Fire” to Stem Anger Over Gaza Biden Redefines “Cease-Fire” to Stem Anger Over Gaza After months of not using the term at all, the administration has embraced it, but is using it in a way that has little to do with what activists are demanding. Adam Johnson Billionaires Won’t Save Local News. Here’s What Will. Billionaires Won’t Save Local News. Here’s What Will. Praying for beneficent tycoons is not the answer. We need the government to step up. Dean Baker How Long Can Joe Biden Keep Hiding From His Own Voters? How Long Can Joe Biden Keep Hiding From His Own Voters? Unable to defend his Israel/Palestine policy, the president has gone into the Witness Protection Program. Jeet Heer Are Autofiction and Reality TV the Same? Are Autofiction and Reality TV the Same? A conversation with the literary critic Anna Kornbluh on her new book Immediacy, a searing indictment of a newly prevalent aesthetic of verisimilitude and the first person. Books & the Arts / Lily Meyer Latest Is the Hardest Job in Education Convincing Parents to Send Their Kids to a San Francisco Public School? Is the Hardest Job in Education Convincing Parents to Send Their Kids to a San Francisco Public School? Mar 5, 2024 / Gail Cornwall The Supreme Court Just Rejected the Constitution to Help Donald Trump The Supreme Court Just Rejected the Constitution to Help Donald Trump Mar 4, 2024 / John Nichols An Irish Athlete on Organizing a Sports Boycott of Israel An Irish Athlete on Organizing a Sports Boycott of Israel Mar 4, 2024 / Audio / Dave Zirin New York’s Long Congressional Redistricting Nightmare Finally Comes to an End New York’s Long Congressional Redistricting Nightmare Finally Comes to an End Mar 4, 2024 / Ross Barkan Nebraska’s New Racist “Stand Your Ground” Law Puts Us All in Danger Nebraska’s New Racist “Stand Your Ground” Law Puts Us All in Danger Mar 4, 2024 / Megan Hunt The Supreme Court Must Be Stopped The Supreme Court Must Be Stopped Mar 1, 2024 / Elie Mystal Subscribe to the Print Mag CURRENT ISSUE / February 20, 2024 open link in a new window Subscribe Nation Voices “swipe left below to view more authors”Swipe → See author details for Katha PollittKatha Pollitt Why Do Men in Government Keep Telling Women to Have Kids? Why Have Feminists Been So Slow to Condemn the Hamas Rapes? See author details for Elie MystalElie Mystal The Supreme Court Must Be Stopped The Supreme Court Could Decide This Term’s Big Gun Case on the Basis of… Grammar See author details for Jeet HeerJeet Heer The Nixonian “New York Times” Stonewalls on a Discredited Article About Hamas and Rape Biden’s Cold War Nostalgia Is Dooming His Presidency See author details for Jane McAleveyJane McAlevey Enjoy Labor’s Tailwinds—but Don’t Forget to Keep Rowing! The NLRB’s Recent Decisions Are Good News for Workers Israel-Gaza War The Nixonian “New York Times” Stonewalls on a Discredited Article About Hamas and Rape The Nixonian “New York Times” Stonewalls on a Discredited Article About Hamas and Rape The newspaper of record botches an important story about sexual violence on October 7. Jeet Heer Taking Aaron Bushnell at His Word (and Deed) Taking Aaron Bushnell at His Word (and Deed) The airman who set himself alight on Sunday signed up to sacrifice himself for the greater good—only to discover that he had become an accomplice to evil. Lyle Jeremy Rubin The Missing News About Gaza The Missing News About Gaza To understand Palestine and Israel, we need more coverage of the everyday structural violence of occupation. Comment / Alexei Sisulu Abrahams Popular “swipe left below to view more authors”Swipe → The Supreme Court Must Be Stopped The Supreme Court Must Be Stopped Elie Mystal How Long Can Joe Biden Keep Hiding From His Own Voters? How Long Can Joe Biden Keep Hiding From His Own Voters? Jeet Heer The Nixonian “New York Times” Stonewalls on a Discredited Article About Hamas and Rape The Nixonian “New York Times” Stonewalls on a Discredited Article About Hamas and Rape Jeet Heer The Supreme Court Just Rejected the Constitution to Help Donald Trump The Supreme Court Just Rejected the Constitution to Help Donald Trump John Nichols From the Archive September 11, 2023: Farewell to Allende Farewell to Allende From the September 24, 1973 issue of The Nation. From the Archive / The Nation The Nation Weekly Fridays. A weekly digest of the best of our coverage. Email By signing up, you confirm that you are over the age of 16 and agree to receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You may unsubscribe or adjust your preferences at any time. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign Up Politics Border Hysteria Is a Bipartisan Delusion Border Hysteria Is a Bipartisan Delusion Yesterday, both President Biden and Donald Trump visited Texas to promise harsher immigration policies. Chris Lehmann I Was Banned From CPAC, but the Extremists Weren’t I Was Banned From CPAC, but the Extremists Weren’t From the lobby, I watched neo-Nazis and other far-right figures waltz unimpeded into the Conservative Political Action Conference. Amanda Moore The Biden Administration Joins Israel’s War on UNRWA The Biden Administration Joins Israel’s War on UNRWA Following Washington’s lead, key US allies have cut funding for the United Nations Relief Works Agency for Palestine—making them all complicit in genocide. Phyllis Bennis Books & the Arts Are Autofiction and Reality TV the Same? Are Autofiction and Reality TV the Same? A conversation with the literary critic Anna Kornbluh on her new book Immediacy, a searing indictment of a newly prevalent aesthetic of verisimilitude and the first person. Books & the Arts / Lily Meyer A Hidden History of Europe’s Pre-Modernist Women Artists A Hidden History of Europe’s Pre-Modernist Women Artists A recent exhibition documenting four centuries of art from female painters and illustrators provides a new way of looking at an era of art history where women are often left out. Books & the Arts / Barry Schwabsky The Life and Times of a Niche Rapper The Life and Times of a Niche Rapper Vince Staples’s self-titled Netflix show is a probing look at celebrity culture, Hollywood, and the pitfalls of being only kind of famous. Books & the Arts / Stephen Kearse Features “swipe left below to view more features”Swipe → The Desolation of America’s Urban Schools The Desolation of America’s Urban Schools Austerity measures have resulted in dangerous, squalid conditions for the most vulnerable students. Feature / Jonathan Kozol The Divided Landscape of Indian American Politics The Divided Landscape of Indian American Politics The Desi diaspora is both rising up and fracturing on issues of religion, race, and caste, with far-reaching implications for US politics. Feature / Jeet Heer An Experiment in Tribally-Owned Internet An Experiment in Tribally-Owned Internet On reservations across the country, tribes are using federal grants to create their own Internet providers. But it takes more than money to get a community online. Feature / Evan Malmgren Latest Podcasts The Nation produces various podcasts, including Contempt of Court with Elie Mystal, Start Making Sense with Jon Wiener, Time of Monsters with Jeet Heer, and Edge of Sports with Dave Zirin. Subscribe An Irish Athlete on Organizing a Sports Boycott of Israel An Irish Athlete on Organizing a Sports Boycott of Israel Podcast / Edge of Sports Gaza City Massacre, Darfur Aid Crisis, and Sweden Joining NATO Gaza City Massacre, Darfur Aid Crisis, and Sweden Joining NATO Podcast / American Prestige A Setback for Gig Workers’ Rights in Europe A Setback for Gig Workers’ Rights in Europe Podcast / Tech Won’t Save Us Ad Policy Ad Policy Sections Politics World Economy Culture Books & the Arts OppArt Poetry Magazine Current Issue Masthead Archive Subscription Services Reprints More About Us Contact Us Advertise Nation Events Nation Shop Nation Travels Nation Wine Club Nation Podcasts Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Founded by abolitionists in 1865, The Nation has long believed that independent journalism has the capacity to bring about a more democratic and equitable world. Donate Privacy Policy Terms of Use Do Not Rent Or Sell My Data Accessibility Help Careers Nation Fund x