SlashGear | Tech, Cars, Gaming, Science, & Reviews × NEWS TECH CARS ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE REVIEWS HEALTH FEATURES About Editorial Policies Reviews Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved NEWS TECH CARS ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE REVIEWS HEALTH FEATURES 2024 Volvo S60 Recharge Review: Plug-In Hybrid Rewards With More Than Just Range Elon Musk Sued By Fired Twitter Executives Seeking Millions Apple's New MacBook Airs Pick Up M3 Upgrade, Go Big On Battery Life More Stories News /Cody D. Campbell Elon Musk Sued By Fired Twitter Executives Seeking Millions More than a year after acquiring the company formerly known as Twitter, Musk is being sued by former executives who claim he wrongly withheld severance pay. Read More Technology /Nadeem Sarwar Apple's New MacBook Airs Pick Up M3 Upgrade, Go Big On Battery Life Apple announced its latest MacBook Air laptops powered by the M3 processor. Along with an increase in power, the new laptops will see great battery life. Read More Cars /Dave McQuilling 5 Basic Features The Original Dodge Viper Didn't Have The 1992 Dodge Viper was a stripped-down vehicle for driving purists that didn't seem too outlandish until you look at some of its missing features. Read More Technology /Jowi Morales 5 Essential Lenses You Need For Product Photography Do you aspire to be a product photographer? Or maybe you just want to take better images for your Etsy listings. Regardless, these lenses will help. Read More Technology /Adnan Ahmed New, Used, And Refurbished Phones: What Are The Big Differences? Getting the latest smartphone can be a serious financial pain. Used and refurbished devices are cheaper, but what about quality? Here's what you need to know. Read More Cars /Ron King Everything To Know About The Dodge Rumble Bee The Dodge Rumble Bee was a star of the 2000s-vintage sport pickup renaissance. Here's everything to know about the model: past, present, and possible future. Read More Technology /Prarthana Gopal 5 Grainger Tools That Will Come In Handy For DIY House Projects The first thing a DIYer needs for tasks around the home is a set of tools. These selections, available at Grainger stores or their website, are great starters. Read More Technology /Shikhar Mehrotra What To Do If Your Apple Watch Isn't Connecting To Your Phone If your Apple Watch stubbornly refuses to connect to your iPhone, don't fret. There are several different things you can try and get it working again. Read More Cars /John Davis 3 Makita Tools You'll Want For Cleaning And Detailing Your Vehicle Makita tools come in handy for a variety of purposes, including an budget-friendly and easier-than-expected home car detailing experience. Read More Entertainment /Lynnae Willliams Hulu For Free: 3 Discounts And Deals To Stream Your Favorite Shows Hulu is a pretty good streaming service with a variety of shows in movies of almost every genre, but it's also another bill. Here's how to get it for free. Read More Cars /Braden Carlson Dual-Clutch Transmissions (DCT) Explained: Why You'd Want One A Dual-Clutch Transmission is an asset when you're trying to shift gears quickly and without losing power. We'll tell you how it works and why you want one. Read More Entertainment /Rob Rich How To Configure Your Xbox Series X|S Console For FPS Boost And Auto HDR If you're looking for any performance boost you can get with your Xbox Series X|S, there are a few things you can do to raise your FPS and improve performance. Read More Cars /Tharindu Dias 5 Classic Motorcycles That Make Great Resto-Projects There are plenty of iconic motorcycles from previous decades worth investing in, but some are great project bikes to restore, no matter your skill level. Read More Science /Georgina Torbet Why NASA Deliberately Set Its Own Spacecraft On Fire NASA has been setting fire to its spacecraft on purpose for years now and it's for a very important reason. We'll break it all down for you here. Read More Technology /Adnan Ahmed The Best Alternatives To QuickBooks For Small Business Owners Small businesspeople have enough headaches - paying extra for proprietary software shouldn't add to the pain. Here are 4 accounting apps to replace QuickBooks. Read More Technology /Max Miller Here's Why Your Android Phone Might Be Randomly Vibrating Unexpected vibrations from your smartphone can be distracting, irritating, and just plain weird. Android phones have a suite of secret tricks to halt bad vibes. Read More Cars /Braden Carlson What's The Difference Between Pontiac Trans Am And Firebird? The Pontiac Firebird and Trans Am were iconic American muscle cars - but what was the difference between them? The answer goes all the way back to 1969. Read More Technology /Ethan Zack How To Keep Your Wooden Tool Handles From Splintering Using This Common Garage Staple There is a simple solution to prolonging the wooden handles of your tools and it's something you probably already have. Here's what you need to know. Read More Entertainment /Danny Bojic How Does Temu's Affiliate Program Work & Is It Legit? Everyone's heard of Temu at this point, but claims of huge payouts as part of the affiliate program seem too good to be true. We dig into all the details. Read More Technology /John Davis These Makita Finds Can Help You Complete Your Workshop Pneumatic Setup Makita has a well-earned reputation for affordable tools. Do they perform above their price point? We recommend these Makita tools for pneumatic applications. Read More Technology /Daniel Trock Everything To Know About The Matilda II Infantry Tank The British infantry tank known as the Infantry Tank Mark II, better known as the Matilda II, had a short history in service, but a huge impact in combat. Read More Cars /Damir Mujezinovic The Dollar Store Find DIY Auto Mechanics Swear By Auto mechanics have their fair share of secret tricks and favorite products, but this common Dollar Store find is one that all car owners should have at home. Read More Cars /Braden Carlson Every Vehicle That Qualifies For The Full EV Tax Credit In 2024 The Federal tax credit is a great incentive to buy an electric vehicle, but it can be hard figuring out which EVs qualify. Here are some good options. Read More Cars /Brian Nyambura 8 Mods You'll Want If You're Taking Your Truck Off-Road If you are serious about taking your tuck off-road, there are some important aftermarket accessories you might want to consider before you hit the trails. Read More Technology /Brad Hill What's The Difference Between 2FA And MFA? Most accounts today, whether for social media, online banking, email, or otherwise, oftentimes requires two-factor or multi-factor authentication to log in. Read More Science /Marinel Sigue How To Use Windows Photos' Magic Eraser Tool With Generative-AI Microsoft recently introduced an easy-to-use eraser tool called Generative Erase within the built-in Photos app. Read More Technology /Rob Rich How To Get Map Directions On Your Apple Watch Getting directions directly on your Apple Watch can be extremely helpful, and setting it up is especially simple when you follow these steps. Read More Technology /Eli Becht 5 Makita Tools Useful For Building Custom Cabinets Makita tools are available in-store and online from Home Depot, and these options will help even first-timers build custom cabinets. Read More Cars /Dreamchild Obari Is One Of Your Car's Blinkers Ticking Faster Than The Other? Learn Why While it's not the most dire problem you might face as a car owner, faulty turn signals can compromise your safety and the safety of others on the road. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy Â© 2024 Static Media® / SlashGear.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.