Sony Corporation - Home menu Close the search area of the site Home Corporate Data Products & Services Information News Releases Sustainability Contact Us 日本語 Sony Corporation Search button in the site Open the search area of the siteく Sony Corporation is the company responsible for the Sony Group's Entertainment, Technology & Services (ET&S) business. Click here for Sony Group Portal Site Immersive audio creator experienceHear the stories and testimonies from the amazing audio creators who joined us on this new adventure to expand their creative boundaries and try Sony’s professional audio products. New compact 35mm full-frame E-mount lensDespite its small and lightweight body, it achieves the high-resolution performance and beautiful bokeh with F2.8. Sony Reached an Agreement with World Athletics for SponsorshipThe three-year agreement starts with the World Athletics Indoor Championships Glasgow 24. We leverage technology to create sports experiences filled with KANDO (emotion). Torchlight's Space for CreativityTorchlight is innovating storytelling by allowing creators to immerse themselves inside virtual locations. Triporous™: Sony's a porous carbon materialWith Triporous™, Sony contributes to improving the global environment and realize a sustainable, prosperous life with our partners The Sony Group extends its deepest condolences and sympathy to all those affected by the Noto Peninsula earthquake.We pray for a full and swift recovery across the region. Business Introduction Imaging Entertainment Lens Technology & System Mobile Communications Home Entertainment Personal Entertainment Professional Imaging Technology Media Solution Software Service Virtual Production Sports Entertainment Life Science & Technology Secure Technology & Solution Imaging Entertainment Through products such as Alpha™, VLOGCAM and the retinal projection camera kit, we contribute to a wide range of creators' production activities and make proposals unique to Sony, as we specialize in spreading the thrill of filming and diverse visual expressions. More Lens Technology & System In addition to E-mount interchangeable lenses, including G Master which incorporates Sony's latest optical technology, we also offer accessories such as wireless microphones to meet the diverse needs of image production creators. More Mobile Communications We create unique user experiences and new value through Xperia smartphones, which combine Sony's cutting-edge technologies with 5G communication technology. More Home Entertainment Through consumer TVs, professional displays, and home audio products, we work with video content creators and partner companies to deliver Kando(emotion) experiences to customers. More Personal Entertainment We aim to deliver Kando(emotion) through music experiences that connect creators and listeners by offering a variety of audio products and services, including headphones and wireless speakers. More Professional Imaging Technology The highly reliable, easy-to-operate Cinema Line cameras meet the needs of a wide range of filmmakers, from movie to small-scale production creators, with the CineAlta camera VENICE at the top of the line. We continue to work with creators to create the future of video production. More Media Solution From filming to broadcasting and distribution, we offer a more efficient and high-quality video production environment by providing a variety of equipment and solutions utilizing IP and cloud to suit the workflow of production and broadcasting operations. More Software Service We are strengthening Sony's camera features in software through the Camera Remote SDK business and by developing cloud services optimized for individual users. We also propose new businesses by combining various technologies such as in cameras, communications, cloud, and drones. More Virtual Production We propose solutions and cutting-edge filming systems based on customers' needs, primarily virtual production using LED walls, including Crystal LED displays and VENICE digital cinema cameras. We use technology and services to realize the visual expressions that creators truly desire to create. More Sports Entertainment Sony's Sports Businesses are made up of Hawk-Eye Innovations, Pulselive and Beyond Sports, all with a shared mission to deliver best-in-class officiating, broadcast and digital solutions to the sports world. Together we open doors to wider capabilities, helping the world of sports realize new opportunities and bringing experiences to life that could only previously be imagined. Hawk-Eye Pulselive Beyond Sports Life Science & Technology We contribute to medical development through technology by developing advanced cell analysis equipment and reagents for research, as well as monitors and printers for use in operating rooms and laboratories. More Secure Technology & Solution We are developing technologies that make people's lives more secure, convenient, and safer by utilizing contactless IC card technologies such as FeliCa and NFC. We are also proposing various solutions that manage and utilize digital data. More Pause 1 / 13 News Release view index Important Notices view index Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Customize Cookies About this Site Copyright 2024 Sony Corporation