Lotame | Data Collaboration Platform | Data Connectivity X NEW WEBINAR Beyond Silos: Data Collaboration Strategies for Marketing Success WATCH NOW X CareersEnglishEspañol Request a Demo Solutions Spherical Platform Data Marketplace Sellers Data Marketplace Buyers Panorama Identity Connected TV Clients Marketers & Agencies Publishers & Media Companies Data Sellers Platforms Partner Connections Resources Case Studies Strategy & Education Company Updates Press Releases About Lotame About Us Contact Us Team Events Careers Legal Services Agreements Policies EU Consent & Signaling Policy Definitions Privacy Privacy Principles Data Processing Agreements DPA – MSA DPA – Incoming Data DPA – Outgoing Data DPA – Data Marketplace Buyer Privacy Notices Corporate Privacy Notice Services Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Privacy Manager Transfer Impact Assessment Info Technical & Organizational Measures Careers Request a Demo The Be-All, End-All in Data Collaboration All-in-One Solution for Digital Marketers, Agencies & Media Owners Onboard, connect, enrich, and activate data — whether you have it or need it — to better understand and engage consumers. Smarter, Faster, Easier Data Collaboration with Spherical Our end-to-end data collaboration platform empowers digital marketers to unite, analyze, and activate data for innovation and growth. With Spherical, digital marketers can combine data internally and partner externally for actionable customer intelligence, data informed audiences, and identity powered activation. Data Collaboration Platform Onboard first-party data to drive even greater value. Extract key insights, enrich and build unique personas, collaborate with partners of your choice, and easily activate with hundreds of connections to the digital ecosystem all from one platform. LEARN MORE Trusted Global Data Access the premier global data marketplace, built for a cookieless future. Choose off-the-shelf or custom audiences from Lotame and leading branded providers within the Spherical platform via a raw data firehose or provisioned to your channel of choice. SELLERS BUYERS Leading Identity Spine Remove any guesswork from your cookieless strategy with proven identity-powered data connectivity across all screens. LEARN MORE Trusted Partner to the World's Leading Innovators Data Empowered Results 10X Impressions, clicks & conversions with data collaboration SEE CASE STUDY Easy access to Haymarket’s segmentation in our DSP and having everything handled programmatically was a dream. This is an otherwise very complicated operation for any agency to set up the tech pipes and off-platform pricing. Working with Haymarket and Lotame proved this type of cross-industry [data] collaboration can and does happen with great success for brands.” — Managing Partner, OMD - EMEA What's New at Lotame Company Updates A New Chapter in Data Collaboration: A Message from Lotame CEO Andy Monfried Strategy & Education The Power of Data Collaboration Platforms: A Game-Changer in Digital Marketing Events & Webinars [Webinar] Beyond Silos: Data Collaboration Strategies for Marketing Success Ready to Get Started? Fill in this form and a member of the Lotame team will be in touch. See Our Locations info@lotame.com Menu Contact Us Careers Events Request a Demo Copyright ©2024 Lotame Solutions, Inc. Site Map Your Privacy Choices | Lotame and related logos are registered trademarks or trademarks owned by Lotame Solutions, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. All Rights Reserved.