Spotify — For the Record 2023 Wrapped News Audiobooks Company Info About Spotify Investors Press Center Life at Spotify Diversity & Inclusion Stream On 2023 During Stream On, we’ll share new developments to help creators continue to chart pathways to success and build a truly global audience. Time to Play Fair When competition is fair, both consumers and companies win. Learn about our efforts to even the playing field for all developers. Spotify Loud & Clear Artists deserve clarity about the economics of music streaming. This site sheds light on the global streaming economy and royalty system. Spotify x FC Barcelona Music and football come together in a way that’s entirely new in our partnership with FC Barcelona. Communities For Artists For Podcasters For Advertisers Life at Spotify For Developers For Investors For Design For Engineering For Vendors For Songwriters For Help, Chat & Ideas Search for: Get Spotify 2023 Wrapped News Audiobooks Company Info Communities Get Spotify About Spotify Investors Press Center Life at Spotify Diversity & Inclusion Stream On 2023 During Stream On, we’ll share new developments to help creators continue to chart pathways to success and build a truly global audience. Time to Play Fair When competition is fair, both consumers and companies win. Learn about our efforts to even the playing field for all developers. Spotify Loud & Clear Artists deserve clarity about the economics of music streaming. This site sheds light on the global streaming economy and royalty system. Spotify x FC Barcelona Music and football come together in a way that’s entirely new in our partnership with FC Barcelona. Spotify Communities For Artists For Podcasters For Advertisers Life at Spotify For Developers For Investors For Design For Engineering For Vendors For Songwriters For Help, Chat & Ideas Search for: NEXT What's New Spotify’s Song Psychic Is Ready To Answer Your Burning Questions What's New Creators Kevin Norman and Hina Talk Romance Fiction, Audiobooks, and Finding Community Online What's New Start a Jam With an Assist From Your Favorite FC Barcelona Player HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist Inside Spotify The European Commission Confirms, Apple’s Anti-Competitive Behavior Is Illegal and Harms Consumers Audiobooks on Spotify EXPLORE HERE HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist HAVE YOU TRIED IT YET? daylist Culture and Trends 7 Great Audiobooks That Inspired 2024’s Most Nominated Films Culture and Trends Reggaetón Mexa, the Homegrown Genre Taking Over Mexico Inside Spotify Introducing AUX, Spotify’s First-of-Its-Kind Music Consultancy for Brands Culture and Trends Spotify CLASSICS: 30 Classic Hip-Hop and R&B Albums From the Streaming Era What's New RADAR US Is Back With the Raw and Unfiltered Raps of Sexyy Red View All Here By clicking Subscribe you’ll receive occasional emails from Spotify. You always have the choice to adjust your interest settings or unsubscribe. News Alerts Weekly Roundup By clicking Subscribe you’ll receive occasional emails from Spotify. You always have the choice to adjust your interest settings or unsubscribe. Newsletter Newsletter Newsletter Newsletter Newsletter Newsletter Spotlight SPOTIFY: A PRODUCT STORY PODCAST Your Own Personal DJ Since its inception, radio provided a music format that was convenient and simple, but far from personal. Spotify’s solution? AI DJ, a bespoke experience that provides listeners with the content they want through generative AI technology. After years of experimentation, we created a product that captures the fun and usefulness of a radio DJ, but builds on it to make it a personalized experience meant just for you. In this episode, learn how we did it and hear from our AI DJ himself, Xavier “X” Jernigan. Spotlight CELEBRATING A DECADE Spotify’s 10-Year Journey Elevating Latin Creators In 2013, we embarked on a transformative journey in most of Latin America’s Spanish-speaking countries, a journey that has since reshaped the rhythm of global music. This tenth anniversary of our presence in the region is not just a landmark in the history of Spotify; it’s also a celebration of how Latin creators—propelled by the power of streaming—have taken the world by storm. Spotlight THE PASSPORT SESSIONS From Miami to Medellín The Passport Sessions showcase how artists and their music can influence cultures on the other side of the world. In each episode, two songwriters, producers, or artists travel to a twin city—locations that share similar cultural and historical identities—and are hosted by two local artists. In Episode 1, Join Miami-based singer-songwriter Maye and producer Andy Clay as they meet with local artists Juan Duque and Aria Vega for the first time in Medellín. Spotlight LINER NOTES How Spotify Keeps It Playful Why separate work and play? We believe art can have both. Every day, we infuse energy, creativity, and delight into our products, experiences, and culture, engaging listeners in a world of sound that they can’t help but love. See how it all falls into place in our latest edition of Liner Notes. Spotify Communities For Artists For Podcasters For Advertisers Life at Spotify Recent News How Goth Babe Amplified New Releases and Gave New Life to His Catalog with Campaign Kit Your 2023 Spotify for Artists Recap Recent News Your guide to 2022 Podcaster Wrapped Fan Study, Podcast Edition: The data to help you grow your show Recent News Highlights for advertisers from Spotify’s Q3 2023 earnings Small business marketing ideas: Celebrating Small Business Week Recent News Spotify Inclusion Fika: Featuring Leroy Sanchez Spotify ERG Spotlight: Able Company About Jobs Investors Communities Artists Podcasters Advertisers Developers Vendors Design Engineering Songwriters Community Forum Useful Links Help Web Player Legal Privacy Center Privacy Policy Cookies About Ads © 2024 Spotify AB. × Listen on Spotify