Live Science | Latest science news and articles for those with curious minds Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Live Science Live Science Search Search Live Science Subscribe RSS How It Works MagazineWhy subscribe?The ultimate action-packed science and technology magazine bursting with exciting information about the universeSubscribe today and save an extra 5% with checkout code 'LOVE5'Engaging articles, amazing illustrations & exclusive interviewsIssues delivered straight to your door or deviceFrom$26.49View Deal Space Health Planet Earth Animals Archaeology Physics & Math Human Behavior Technology Chemistry More Science news About Us Forum Story archive TrendingAntarcticaWhat causes tinnitus?Secret 'living fossil' tree plantingAre dating apps addictive?April 8 total solar eclipse Latest News Jupiter's moon Europa lacks oxygen, making it less hospitable for sustaining life Jennifer Nalewicki published 4 March 24 Data compiled from NASA's Juno mission shows that Europa, Jupiter's ice-covered moon, severely lacks oxygen. Man's years of premature ejaculation had a rare cause Nicoletta Lanese published 4 March 24 A case report describes a rare case of a so-called Tarlov cyst causing a man to experience a common type of sexual dysfunction. Scientists release genetically modified mosquitoes to fight dengue in Brazil Emily Cooke published 4 March 24 Genetically modified mosquitoes are being released in Brazil to reduce the spread of the viral infection dengue fever. Astronomers find heaviest black hole pair in the universe, and they've been trapped in an endless duel for 3 billion years Ben Turner published 4 March 24 Two supermassive black holes spotted circling inside a remote 'fossil' galaxy are the heaviest, and the closest, black hole binary ever found. Elusive megamouth shark caught off Zanzibar for 1st time, gets sold for $17 Rhett H. Bennett published 4 March 24 Megamouth sharks were first discovered in 1976 and fewer than 280 have ever been seen, meaning we know very little about this enigmatic species. Fossilized forest unearthed in the UK is the oldest ever found at 390 million years old Sascha Pare published 4 March 24 Researchers have discovered a fossil forest with small, palm-like trees and arthropod tracks dating back to the Middle Devonian. Fossilized forest unearthed in the UK is the oldest ever found at 390 million years old Researchers have discovered a fossil forest with small, palm-like trees and arthropod tracks dating back to the Middle Devonian. Iceland volcano: Grindavík evacuated over eruption threat, residents warned they 'enter the town at their own risk' Icelandic authorities have advised residents and employees in Grindavík against staying in the town as the risk of a new eruption and of cracks opening up increases. Solar maximum may already be upon us, expert warns — but we won't know for sure until the sun's explosive peak is over A solar physicist who accurately predicted that the sun's explosive peak would arrive sooner — and be more powerful — than originally forecast tells Live Science that it may have already begun. However, we won't know for sure until long after it has finished. CVS, Walgreens to begin filling prescriptions for abortion pill mifepristone Consumers will soon be able to fill prescriptions for mifepristone at select CVS and Walgreens locations. Do we have taste receptors in other parts of our body? Taste receptors have been found far beyond the tongue, but do they help perceive taste or work like the ones in our mouths? Why ISS astronauts don't know where to look for the April 8 total solar eclipse The cameras aboard the International Space Station may be ready, but it's still not clear where to point them in order to capture the April 8 total solar eclipse. Europe's last hunter-gatherers had sophisticated societies that helped them avoid inbreeding Ancient DNA from some of Europe's last hunter-gatherers reveals that they avoided inbreeding. Grid List Planet Earth Fracturing Antarctic glacier breaks 80 mph speed record By Ben Turner published 1 March 24 The Pine Island glacier formed a 6.5-mile-long crack at 80 mph, proving to scientists that some glaciers can shatter like glass. Climate Change East Coast cities are sinking at a shocking rate, NASA images show By Lydia Smith published 1 March 24 Satellite images reveal the rate that cities along the U.S. East Coast, including New York, Baltimore and Charleston, are sinking into the ground. Planet Earth VIEW MORE MOST READMOST SHARED1Bear linked to multiple attacks in Japan found dead alongside its final victim2Identity of mysterious 'mermaid globster' that washed up in Papua New Guinea 'is anyone's guess,' experts say3Platypus stabs woman with its venomous spurs in odd case4'Finally, we have the evidence': James Webb telescope spots neutron star hiding in wreckage of famous 1987 supernova5'Living fossil' tree frozen in time for 66 million years being planted in secret locations1East Coast cities are sinking at a shocking rate, NASA images show2Shoebill: The human-sized African bird that eats baby crocodiles and kills its siblings3Solar maximum may already be upon us, expert warns — but we won't know for sure until the sun's explosive peak is over4Europe's last hunter-gatherers had sophisticated societies that helped them avoid inbreeding5Elusive megamouth shark caught off Zanzibar for 1st time, gets sold for $17 Grid List Space James Webb telescope reveals collection of ancient galaxies that 'transformed the entire universe' By Robert Lea published 4 March 24 New observations with the James Webb Space Telescope reveal that dwarf galaxies in the early universe released enough collective radiation to change the cosmos forever. Cosmology Space photo of the week: A young star sweeps up its cosmic neighborhood in vibrant new Hubble image By Jamie Carter published 3 March 24 The Hubble Space Telescope's latest image is a riot of orange, blue and violet — and a lesson in how plucky young stars clear their dusty neighborhoods. Cosmology VIEW MORE Grid List archaeology 1,500-year-old burial with stacked bones discovered during sewer system dig in Mexico By Jennifer Nalewicki published 4 March 24 Archaeologists in Mexico discovered a pre-Hispanic burial containing human remains. Archaeology 1,000-year-old vessels found in Guatemala held tobacco possibly used as 'narcotics to induce deep sleep, visions and divinatory trances' By Jennifer Nalewicki published 4 March 24 Archaeologists have discovered a collection of pre-Hispanic ceramic vases that contain traces of nicotine, possibly from liquid infusion. Archaeology VIEW MORE Grid List Health Bitvae C2 Water Flosser review By Joanne Lewsley published 2 March 24 Review The Bitvae C2 aims to make water flossing easy, convenient and affordable, but can it compete with more expensive options? Review Who should get the new RSV vaccines? Here's everything you need to know By Nicoletta Lanese last updated 1 March 24 There are now RSV vaccines approved for older adults and for pregnant people, and antibody shots (not vaccines) available for babies. What's the difference? Medicine & Drugs Boiling tap water can remove nearly 90% of microplastics, new study finds By Ben Turner published 1 March 24 Tiny plastic particles float inside tap water, and it's still unclear how they impact our health. But boiling the water for 5 minutes could remove most of these microplastics, a new study finds. Health VIEW MORE Grid List Animals Shoebill: The human-sized African bird that eats baby crocodiles and kills its siblings By Megan Shersby published 2 March 24 Shoebills reach up to 5 feet in height and they are formidable ambush predators, standing still in swamps before lunging forward to swallow their prey whole with their giant bills. Animals Lone orca kills great white shark in less than 2 minutes by ripping out its liver By Melissa Hobson published 1 March 24 Disturbing footage shows the moment a single orca chased down a great white shark and killed it, then swam away with the shark's liver in its jaws. Sharks Secrets of giant Antarctic sea spiders and their tiny eggs revealed after 140 years By Elise Poore published 1 March 24 Unlike other sea spiders that carry their eggs on their backs, male giant antarctic sea spiders spend two days gluing their eggs to the seafloor. Animals VIEW MORE Grid List Human Behavior Why do we have leap years? And how did they come about? By Harry Baker last updated 1 March 24 Feb. 29 comes only once every four years (most of the time), but why do we need leap years and how did they come about? Human Behavior Why do people dissociate during traumatic events? By Angely Mercado published 29 February 24 Ever feel disconnected during a stressful event? That could be your brain protecting you. Human Behavior Can psychopaths learn to feel empathy? By Victoria Atkinson published 5 February 24 People with psychopathic traits often struggle with emotional empathy, but they're usually adept at cognitive empathy and can use this to manipulate people. Human Behavior VIEW MORE Grid List Physics & Mathematics What's the fastest thing on Earth? By Laurel Hamers published 2 March 24 Particles from space are constantly zooming into Earth. But which one is the speediest? Physics & Mathematics World's oldest known decimal point discovered in merchant's notes from 1440s Italy By Stephanie Pappas published 22 February 24 Decimal points are at least 150 years older than historians thought, according to newly unearthed notes from Venetian merchant Giovanni Bianchini, who practiced astrology in the 1440s. Mathematics 8 ways you can see Einstein's theory of relativity in real life By Jesse Emspak last updated 15 February 24 Reference Relativity is one of the most famous scientific theories of the 20th century, but how well does it explain the things we see in our daily lives? Reference VIEW MORE Grid List Chemistry Can static electricity cause a fire? By Charles Q. Choi published 3 March 24 It's commonplace to get a jolt from static electricity. But does it have enough electrical charge to start a fire? Chemistry Why are blueberries blue? By Victoria Atkinson published 19 February 24 We finally understand why blueberries are blue — and the secret lies not in the flesh or skin, but the waxy coating around it. Chemistry Is copper magnetic? By Victoria Atkinson published 10 February 24 The reason for copper's unique properties comes down to the configuration of its electrons. Chemistry VIEW MORE Grid List Tech One of our favorite wildlife cameras just had its price slashed by over $600 By Orla Loughran Hayes published 1 March 24 Deal The Canon EOS R5 is one of the best wildlife cameras out there, and you can get it for under $3,000 at Walmart right now. Deal Flying car designed to hop across the Philippines' 7,000 islands coming this year By Roland Moore-Coyler published 29 February 24 The Luft Pinoy is an electric minivan combined with a hydrogen-powered eVTOL system to create a flying car that's practical for island-hopping. Electric Vehicles One of our top astrophotography cameras just got an incredible $599 off By Orla Loughran Hayes published 29 February 24 Deal The Sony A7 III stands out among its competitors for offering professional results at incredible value for money — and now you can get hundreds off it with a Walmart deal. Deal VIEW MORE Live Science is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Advertise with us Web notifications Careers Editorial standards How to pitch a story to us © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.