Trade Brains - Simplified Stock Investing for Everyone | Learn to Invest Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Telegram Screener Stock Compare Superstar Portfolio Stock Buckets Corporate Actions Nifty Heatmap Portal Youtube *Now Available in Hindi 0 Items Advertise Articles News Screener IPO Resources Videos IPO Quizzes Intrinsic Value Calculators SIP Calculator Best Quotes Books Dividend Investing Value Investing Investing Mindset Book Reviews FREE Guide Select Page Simplified Stock Market Recognized by . Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises – Future Plans and More Mar 5, 2024Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises: The government's decision to reduce import duties on spare parts for mobile phones caused a significant surge in the share prices of these companies. Read this article as we compare Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises, the... Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises – Future Plans and More Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises: The government's decision to reduce import duties on spare parts for mobile phones caused a significant surge in the share prices of these companies. Read this article as we compare Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises, the... Read More Fundamental Analysis Of Shakti Pumps – Financials, Future Plans & More The core sectors of the economy, such as agriculture, infrastructure, and building services, constantly require pumps, which facilitates the growing importance of the pump sector in the country. As the landscape of water pumping evolved, this company made strategic... Read More Understanding Three Black Crows Pattern And Trading Strategies Black Crows Pattern Candlestick patterns are the key technical tool for traders to understand the price movement of securities. The candlestick charts are most used by traders and candlesticks are formed by the open, close, high, and low prices of a security over a... Read More Fundamental Analysis of Genus Power – Financials, Future Plans & More Fundamental Analysis of Genus Power: India’s electricity consumption grew by nearly 8% to reach 847 billion units (BU) in H1FY24. The country faces an ever-increasing demand for energy. Along with this increasing demand, India also faced another significant challenge.... Read More R K Swamy IPO Review – Financials, GMP and More R K Swamy is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 423.56 Cr which will open on 4th March 2024. The issue will close on 6th March and be listed on the exchange on 12th March 2024. This article will analyze the strengths and weaknesses of the R K Swamy Limited IPO Review... Read More Banco Products Vs Gabriel India – Financials, Future Plans & More Banco Products Vs Gabriel India: An Automobile is a very complex machine requiring hundreds, if not thousands of parts to be assembled to near perfection for the machine to function smoothly. An Automobile Manufacturer does not go through the headache of manufacturing... Read More Top AI stocks with High FII Holdings Add To Your Watchlist Top AI stocks with High FII Holdings The 21st century has been a transformational era where humans have finally trained machines to learn, reason & make decisions. From self-driving cars to personalized recommendations, Artificial Intelligence is secretly training... Read More How Does Mrs. Bector’s Food Share Price Surge of 118% in a year Reflect Its Business Prospects? Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Ltd Mrs. Rajni Bector is the founder of Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Ltd, an incredible tale of vision and success in business. Mrs. Bector started out in the 1970s in Ludhiana, Punjab, bringing homemade cakes, cookies, ice creams,... Read More Understanding Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick Pattern -Enhance Your Trading Arsenal Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick Pattern: There are different types of candlestick patterns to analyse the price movement of securities. Here, we shall discuss a type of multiple candlestick pattern, the Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick pattern . Also, we shall look into its... Read More Mukka Proteins IPO Review – Financials, GMP & More Mukka Proteins is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 224 Cr which will open on 29th February 2024. The issue will close on 4th March and be listed on the exchange on 7th March 2024. This article will analyze the Mukka Proteins Limited IPO Review 2024 and its... Read More Best Debt Free Stocks under Rs 1000 – Analysis & List of stocks Best Debt Free Stocks under Rs 1000 Investors are always looking for stocks that have the potential to be multi-baggers in the future. Companies that manage debt wisely can help themselves out of economic downturns. Companies with no debt are more likely to have... Read More Bharat Highways InvIT IPO Review – Financials,GMP & More Bharat Highways InvIT IPO Review: Bharat Highways InvIT is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 2500 Cr which will open on 28th February 2024. The issue will close on 1st March and be listed on the exchange on 6th March 2024. This will be India’s 2nd listed highway... Read More Fundamental Analysis of Maruti Suzuki – Future plans, Financials & More Fundamental Analysis of Maruti Suzuki: In India, owning a car is a significant achievement for anyone. The Middle-Class section is the driving force behind the economy and politics, and it is influential in understanding consumer patterns. As middle-class people's... Read More Platinum Industries IPO Review – Financial, GMP and More Platinum Industries IPO Review Platinum Industries is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 235.52 Cr which will open on 27th February 2024. The issue will close on 29th February and be listed on the exchange on 5th March 2024. This article will look at the Platinum... Read More What is Batman Option Strategy ? A Comprehensive Guide Options are the derivatives segment that can help traders generate income, manage risk, and even hedge against market volatility. Among the many options strategies available for various market conditions, one that we shall discuss here is “The Batman option... Read More Exicom Tele-Systems Limited IPO Review – Financial, GMP and More Exicom Tele-Systems Limited IPO Review: Exicom Tele-Systems is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 429 Cr which will open on 27th February 2024. The issue will close on 29th February and be listed on the exchange on 5th March 2024. In this article, we will look at the... Read More Fundamental Analysis PSP Projects – Financials & More Fundamental Analysis Of PSP Projects: India's real estate sector is booming due to an increasing population, urbanization, and business interest from around the world. This growth presents a promising investment opportunity. This increased focus has put companies like... Read More Texmaco’s Stock Skyrockets by 300% in a year – Will the Momentum Continue? Texmaco : The Indian railway industry has always been known for staying strong and bouncing back from challenges. In recent years, this reputation has proven true, as many railway companies have seen consistent growth with strong order books and steady profits... Read More BEML’s 284% Rally Explored: Examining Orders and Future Growth Potential BEML The Indian government has taken important steps to encourage the development and production of defense equipment within the country. This aims to create a sustainable defense industry and reduce reliance on imports. The "Atmanirbhar Bharat" initiative,... Read More Yes Bank vs IDFC Bank – Financials, Future Plans & More Yes Bank vs IDFC Bank: Banks are the economic engine. The higher the asset quality of banks, the better the state of the economy. Growing income and population can drive demand for goods and services in the long run. Banks facilitate the flow of money in markets... Read More Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises – Future Plans and More Mar 5, 2024Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises: The government's decision to reduce import duties on spare parts for mobile phones caused a significant surge in the share prices of these companies. Read this article as we compare Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises, the... Fundamental Analysis Of Shakti Pumps – Financials, Future Plans & More Mar 4, 2024The core sectors of the economy, such as agriculture, infrastructure, and building services, constantly require pumps, which facilitates the growing importance of the pump sector in the country. As the landscape of water pumping evolved, this company made strategic... Start Your Learning Today Signup Now Learn Stock Market Investing and Trading with FinGrad Options Trading with Technical Analysis Masterclass Candlesticks Trading for Beginners Stock Market Investing Masterclass Value Investing Course in India for Beginners Technical Analysis for Beginners Advanced Options Trading Strategies Claim The Offer Now Latest Read Browse All Latest Mulitbagger stock Tinna Rubber and Infra delivered returns of 207% in a year: What does their future look like? Feb 15, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketTinna Rubber And Infra : In today’s article, we are going to talk about a tire recycling company. Well, before you judge what is exciting to talk about a tire recycler, this company that we are going to see has given a return of around 245 percent over the past year.... ACE Ltd Ventures into Defence Sector Following a Remarkable 1400% Stock Surge Over 5 Years Feb 15, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketACE Ltd : There is one major revolution in India you might want to keep a keen interest in, which is the infrastructure revolution. Over the next 25 years, India's primary focus will be on developing infrastructure and attracting investments to transition into a... Hindustan Aeronautics (HAL): Deep Dive into India’s Defence Investment Landscape Feb 14, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketHindustan Aeronautics : In recent years, the defence stocks of India have evolved into a great investment field due to the government’s focus on increased spending and the “Make in India” initiative. Defence exports have increased tenfold to ₹160 billion in FY23 in... RVNL Achieves Stock CAGR of 100% in 3 Years: Does It Have a Promising Future? Feb 14, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketRVNL You see, most of the railway stocks turned out to be multibaggers due to the government's emphasis on the railway industry. India has the fourth largest railway network in the world, behind only the US, Russia, and China. Indian Railways operates 13,523 passenger... How did DMart Become The Most Profitable Retail Grocery Store in India? Feb 13, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketDMart Retail Grocery: When it comes to price-sensitive customers, the one brand that always had appeal was DMart. Go to the DMart store on Sunday afternoon, and you’ll see the huge store filled with customers stocking household items. For many households in north and... Jyoti CNC Automation: Navigating the Metal Cutting Industry Feb 12, 2024 | Article of the Day, MarketJyoti CNC Automation, which went through the initial public offering in January 2024, had a substantial premium of Rs 84 even before the IPO. Such was the hype for this issue. Even after a month the stock sustained its hype, as one can see from its stock return of 30... Editor’s Top Picks Browse All Latest Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises – Future Plans and More Mar 5, 2024 | Case Study, Financials, StocksDixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises: The government's decision to reduce import duties on spare parts for mobile phones caused a significant surge in the share prices of these companies. Read this article as we compare Dixon Technologies Vs Amber Enterprises, the... Fundamental Analysis Of Shakti Pumps – Financials, Future Plans & More Mar 4, 2024 | Case Study, Financials, MarketThe core sectors of the economy, such as agriculture, infrastructure, and building services, constantly require pumps, which facilitates the growing importance of the pump sector in the country. As the landscape of water pumping evolved, this company made strategic... Fundamental Analysis of Genus Power – Financials, Future Plans & More Mar 2, 2024 | Case Study, Financials, MarketFundamental Analysis of Genus Power: India’s electricity consumption grew by nearly 8% to reach 847 billion units (BU) in H1FY24. The country faces an ever-increasing demand for energy. Along with this increasing demand, India also faced another significant challenge.... R K Swamy IPO Review – Financials, GMP and More Mar 1, 2024 | Financials, IPO, MarketR K Swamy is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 423.56 Cr which will open on 4th March 2024. The issue will close on 6th March and be listed on the exchange on 12th March 2024. This article will analyze the strengths and weaknesses of the R K Swamy Limited IPO Review... Banco Products Vs Gabriel India – Financials, Future Plans & More Mar 1, 2024 | Case Study, Market, StocksBanco Products Vs Gabriel India: An Automobile is a very complex machine requiring hundreds, if not thousands of parts to be assembled to near perfection for the machine to function smoothly. An Automobile Manufacturer does not go through the headache of manufacturing... Top AI stocks with High FII Holdings Add To Your Watchlist Feb 29, 2024 | Financials, Market, Stock Analysis, StocksTop AI stocks with High FII Holdings The 21st century has been a transformational era where humans have finally trained machines to learn, reason & make decisions. From self-driving cars to personalized recommendations, Artificial Intelligence is secretly training... We are the Youngest Financial and Business News Platform Browse through our collection of the best stock market trading and investing articles in Google News! IPO Reviews Browse All IPO Reviews R K Swamy IPO Review – Financials, GMP and More by Trade Brains | March 1, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsR K Swamy is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 423.56 Cr which will open on 4th March 2024. The issue will close on 6th March and be listed on the exchange on 12th March 2024. This article will analyze the strengths and weaknesses of the R K Swamy Limited IPO Review... Mukka Proteins IPO Review – Financials, GMP & More by Trade Brains | February 27, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsMukka Proteins is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 224 Cr which will open on 29th February 2024. The issue will close on 4th March and be listed on the exchange on 7th March 2024. This article will analyze the Mukka Proteins Limited IPO Review 2024 and its... Bharat Highways InvIT IPO Review – Financials,GMP & More by Trade Brains | February 26, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsBharat Highways InvIT IPO Review: Bharat Highways InvIT is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 2500 Cr which will open on 28th February 2024. The issue will close on 1st March and be listed on the exchange on 6th March 2024. This will be India’s 2nd listed highway... Platinum Industries IPO Review – Financial, GMP and More by Trade Brains | February 25, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsPlatinum Industries IPO Review Platinum Industries is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 235.52 Cr which will open on 27th February 2024. The issue will close on 29th February and be listed on the exchange on 5th March 2024. This article will look at the Platinum... Exicom Tele-Systems Limited IPO Review – Financial, GMP and More by Trade Brains | February 24, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsExicom Tele-Systems Limited IPO Review: Exicom Tele-Systems is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 429 Cr which will open on 27th February 2024. The issue will close on 29th February and be listed on the exchange on 5th March 2024. In this article, we will look at the... GPT Healthcare IPO Review – GMP, Financials and More by Trade Brains | February 20, 2024 | Financials, IPO, Market | 0 CommentsGPT Healthcare is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 525.14 Cr which will open on 22nd February 2024. The issue will close on 26th February and be listed on the exchange on 29th February 2024. In this article, we will look at the GPT Healthcare Limited IPO Review... R K Swamy IPO Review – Financials, GMP and More Mar 1, 2024R K Swamy is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 423.56 Cr which will open on 4th March 2024. The issue will close on 6th March and be listed on the exchange on 12th March 2024. This article will analyze the strengths and weaknesses of the R K Swamy Limited IPO Review... Mukka Proteins IPO Review – Financials, GMP & More Feb 27, 2024Mukka Proteins is coming up with its IPO issue of Rs. 224 Cr which will open on 29th February 2024. The issue will close on 4th March and be listed on the exchange on 7th March 2024. This article will analyze the Mukka Proteins Limited IPO Review 2024 and its... Become a Better Stock Investor! – Sign up to Trade Brains Portal: Best Stock Analytics Platform in India – Easiest Stock Screener for Fundamental Analysis – Stock Buckets and Thematic Stocks – Superstar Portfolio to Track Big Investors – Portfolio Analysis, Multiple Watchlist & More Sign up Now! Stock Trading Basics Browse All Articles What is Batman Option Strategy ? A Comprehensive Guide by Trade Brains | February 25, 2024 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsOptions are the derivatives segment that can help traders generate income, manage risk, and even hedge against market volatility. Among the many options strategies available for various market conditions, one that we shall discuss here is “The Batman option... Read More Top Momentum Indicators For Strategic Trading by Trade Brains | January 28, 2024 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsTop Momentum Indicators: In the financial markets, trading success often depends on the ability to identify market strength and direction. Momentum indicators, an important tool under technical analysis, empower traders with valuable information about the... Read More Money Flow Index – How to Trade, Strategies & More by Trade Brains | January 24, 2024 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 1 CommentMoney Flow Index: In the fast-paced world of financial markets, understanding and utilizing reliable indicators is key to making informed trading decisions. Among all technical tools available, the money flow index is a volume-based oscillator, that offers... Read More Best Price Action Patterns For Profitable Trading – Strategies & More by Trade Brains | January 21, 2024 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsBest Price Action Patterns For Profitable Trading: To understand the price movements under various market conditions, traders employ various strategies to earn profits consistently. Despite the numerous techniques available, mastering one technical analysis tool... Read More Best Trading Strategies Using Average Directional Index Indicator by Trade Brains | January 10, 2024 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsBest Trading Strategies Using Average Directional Index: In the evolving financial markets, traders constantly seek reliable technical tools to learn the complexities of price movements. Among various technical analysis indicators available, one such tool used to... Read More The Costly Slip-Ups: 3 Major Blunders Newbie Options Traders Must Dodge by Kritesh Abhishek | November 2, 2023 | Options Trading | 0 CommentsOptions trading presents a highly rewarding yet perilous venture. As per SEBI’s circular and the disclaimers issued by most trading platforms, a staggering 90% of individual traders in the equity Futures and Options Segment find themselves incurring net losses. On... Read More 6 Best Options Trading Courses for Indian Market! by Trade Brains | October 7, 2023 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 9 CommentsBest Options Trading Courses for India: Options trading in India is one of the most demanded and rewarding skills that every newbie trader wants to master. However, options trading is a complex subject and the traders require to have a clear understanding of the... Read More 5 RSI Trading Strategies – RSI in Divergence, Trend lines, MACD & More by Trade Brains | July 11, 2023 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis, Trading | 0 CommentsRSI Trading Strategies: In the world of stock market trading, market participants consistently seek knowledge of the technical indicators to gain and make informed decisions about market positions. One such technical indicator tool is Relative Strength Index(RSI). It... Read More Top 10 Important Chart Patterns – Entry, Stop Loss & More Details by Trade Brains | July 7, 2023 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsImportant Chart Patterns: The stock market is a dynamic place where the price of securities fluctuates based on various factors. The participants who are involved in the market try to gain from these fluctuations using various tools and techniques that are ready at... Read More Intrinsic Value and Time Value of Option – Meaning, Examples & More by Trade Brains | June 25, 2023 | Beginner's guide, Essential Reading, Options Trading | 0 CommentsIntrinsic value and time value of option: Options contract is a unique derivative instrument that lets its buyers bet on the price of an underlying asset by paying only a fraction of the amount called the premium. This premium of an options contract is arrived at with... Read More What is India VIX? Meaning, Range, Implications & More! by Hitesh Singhi | June 19, 2023 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis, Trading | 19 CommentsUnderstanding what is India Vix, meaning & importance: Ever heard of India Vix? If you're involved in the market for some time and particularly active in the share market during the COVID19 Pandemic, then I'm sure that you would definitely have come up with the... Read More 30 Important Candlestick Patterns Every Trader Should Know by Aaron Vas | May 15, 2023 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 3 Comments30 Important Candlestick Patterns: The stock market constitutes emotions as it consists of a large number of people. These emotions can be largely responsible for the movements in the market. As people tend to exhibit similar behaviour when dealing with familiar... Read More Options Trading 101: What is Options Trading? by Hitesh Singhi | May 9, 2023 | Beginner's guide, Options Trading, Trading | 17 CommentsUnderstanding what is Options Trading: Options are one of the highly traded financial instruments and darling of the big traders and investors. However, for beginners, understanding what is options trading is one of the biggest difficulties because of its complexity... Read More 21 Key Options Trading Definitions – Must Know Options Terms for Beginners! by Kritesh Abhishek | May 8, 2023 | Options Trading, Trading | 2 CommentsKey Options Trading Definitions: Options trading is a form of speculative trading that is quite loved by the trading community because of its potential to make huge money along with safeguarding the portfolio through hedging. Nonetheless, whenever a newbie enters the... Read More SGX Nifty Explained – How it affects Indian Share Market? by Hitesh Singhi | February 28, 2023 | Market, Options Trading, Trading | 33 CommentsUnderstanding SXG Nifty meaning & its impact on Indian share market: If you are an active stock market trader in India, I'm sure that you would have definitely have heard of the term 'SGX Nifty'. If you open any business news channel, then before the opening of... Read More Nifty vs Bank Nifty Options Trading – Which is Better to Trade? by Kritesh Abhishek | October 26, 2022 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 6 CommentsWhile planning to start options trading, most beginners wonder which one is better to trade between Nifty vs Bank Nifty Options Trading. While looking into the different youtube channels for trading, one may see many top options traders trading with Bank Nifty. On the... Read More How to Start Options Trading in India with Rs 10,000? by Kritesh Abhishek | October 25, 2022 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 4 CommentsLearn how to start options trading in India with Rs 10,000: Options trading is one of the fastest ways to make or lose money in the stock market. If you’ve mastered how to do options trading correctly, you can make lakhs of money from your trades. However, if traded... Read More How to Use Short Strangle Option Strategy in Trading? by Hitesh Singhi | December 22, 2021 | Essential Reading, Options Trading | 1 CommentOptions as a Derivative product has gained a lot of attention over the last couple of decades. With the introduction of Derivatives trading, the common myth of old (buy before you sell) has also soon vanished. No one could take positions (long or short) depending on... Read More What is Put Call Ratio in Options Trading? How to Interpret it? by Hitesh Singhi | November 18, 2021 | Options Trading, Technical Analysis | 0 CommentsOptions Trading as a Derivative instrument is of prime importance to traders as it gives them the power to express their Bullish/Bearish views in the market by paying a small amount of premium. If you are a buyer of the option and want to express your bullish view,... Read More Options Buying vs Selling: Which Strategy to Use? by Hitesh Singhi | October 6, 2021 | Options Trading, Trading | 6 CommentsOptions Buying vs Selling: Every transaction, right from the days of the Barter system always has had a counterparty. Every seller got to have a buyer to consume the supply. Similarly, in Options too, every option buyer needs to have a counter option seller willing to... Read More Understanding Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick Pattern -Enhance Your Trading Arsenal Feb 28, 2024Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick Pattern: There are different types of candlestick patterns to analyse the price movement of securities. Here, we shall discuss a type of multiple candlestick pattern, the Dark Cloud Cover Candlestick pattern . Also, we shall look into its... What is Batman Option Strategy ? A Comprehensive Guide Feb 25, 2024Options are the derivatives segment that can help traders generate income, manage risk, and even hedge against market volatility. Among the many options strategies available for various market conditions, one that we shall discuss here is “The Batman option... Understanding the Engulfing Candle Pattern: How to Trade & Types Feb 18, 2024Engulfing Candle Pattern: Candlestick patterns are a basic yet important aspect of technical analysis that provides us with an insight into the potential trend in the price of the security. Among these patterns, the engulfing candle pattern is one of the significant... What is Piercing Line Candlestick Pattern – Formation & More Feb 14, 2024Piercing Line Candlestick Pattern are an important tool of technical analysis to learn the price movement of securities .Among different types of candlestick patterns present, here we shall discuss the meaning, formation and trading strategies of the multiple... What is a Doji Candlestick Pattern – How to Trade & Types Feb 11, 2024Doji Candlestick Patterns are one of the technical tools used to analyse the price chart of securities. Each and Every candle formed on the chart has it own uniqueness. Here in this article we will discuss in detail about Doji Candlestick Pattern and how can one use... What is Short Straddle: Understand the Short Straddle Strategy Feb 7, 2024Short Straddle: Traders use various options trading strategies developed for different market conditions to analyze and make informed decisions. In this article, we shall explore one neutral options strategy, the short straddle. We shall expand the knowledge of option... Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us How to Start Investing in Share Market? To start investing in the share market, you need to follow three primary requirements. Get Basic Financial Knowledge: Do not start putting your hard-earned money into stocks without having any knowledge. First, you need to learn how the stock market works and how you can make money from the stock market. You can read the exclusive articles by Trade Brains to learn all the stock market concepts and jargon for free. Setup your Trading and Demat Account: You’ll require a trading and demat account to start investing or trading in stocks in India. Don’t worry, it’s pretty easy to set up a brokerage account these days. You can open your account with any of the leading brokers in India within a day Research stocks and invest: The third and most crucial step is to find the fundamentally strong stocks that can give you consistent returns. You can use Trade Brains Portal to perform the fundamental analysis and pick stocks. How to learn Stock Market Investing? Like learning or acquiring any other skill, learning stock market investing is also an art that requires consistent efforts and patience. You cannot become an expert stock market investor in a week or month. However, there are tons of free resources and websites available to learn about stock market investing in India. For instance, you can read the FREE blogs by Trade Brains or any of your favorite stock market blogs to learn the concepts, watch free stock market videos on youtube, buy and read some popular stock market investing books by renowned authors, enroll in few best stock market courses and training, etc. There are many free ways available to learn stock market investing if you’re willing to put effort and time. What is Trade Brains? Trade Brains is a Stock Analytics and Financial Education Service Platform in India. Its mission is to simplify Stock Market to help people invest better by providing all essential knowledge and analysis tools!! Trade Brains is currently catering to day-to-day retail investors in India by providing necessary investing and trading analytics tools and education. Since its inception, Trade Brains has been serving the needs of thousands of stock market participants to help them take a significant step into the world of investing. Trade Brains also offers financial educational investing articles, investing and trading videos, free and premium stock market courses, discussion forum, stock learning app, financial calculators, research portal, and more. How Trade Brains can help you in your stock market journey? Trade Brains offers multiple stock market resources and tools to help you in your stock market journey. At Trade Brains you can find the best financial educational investing articles, investing and trading videos, free and premium stock market courses, discussion forum, stock learning apps, financial calculators, Stock Research and Analysis Portal, and more to help you in your stock market journey. What is Trade Brains Portal? Trade brains portal helps investors make efficient stock research and analysis by providing quality fundamental data with insightful visuals. On Trade Brains Portal, you can perform the complete fundamental analysis of stocks by looking into all aspects of a company like profitability, liquidity, valuation, efficiency, and more, all in one place. Our detailed stock analysis page provides complete financial information of all the Indian publicly traded companies for the last five years, along with simple charts & visualization. Just plug in the name of stock for which you want to do investment analysis. All the financial information that is necessary for making an intelligent investment decision will be flashed on the screen: Price Charts, Key Metrics, Financial Ratios, Profit & Loss Statement, Balance Sheet, Cashflow Statement, Shareholding Pattern, Quarterly results, and more. How much money do you need to start investing in Share Market? Unlike the popular myth among many, you do not need a lot of money to start investing in the Share Market. Honestly, you can even start investing in the Indian share market with Rs 100. There are a lot of companies in the Indian share market whose stocks trade at a share price lower than Rs 100, and you can buy even 1 stock of these companies. Anyways, anything between Rs 2,000-5,000 is good enough to start investing in stocks in India. How to learn Value Investing in India? The basic strategy of value investing is very simple. You find an amazing company, calculate its true value (also known as Intrinsic value) and pay a lot less to purchase the stock (when the market is down or when the stock is on sale in the market). As you have bought the stock at a discount, you can make a profit by selling the stock when the price reaches its true value. A few good books to learn value investing principles are The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham, Value Investing and behavioral finance by Parag Parikh, The Little Book of Value Investing by Christopher H. Browne, The Warren Buffett Way by Robert G. Hagstrom, and The Little Book That Beats the Market by Joel Greenblatt. Further, you can also read the articles by Trade Brains to learn value investing principles. What is best Stock Market Analysis website in India? There are many popular Stock Market websites in Indian that make the research and analysis process of the investors easy, fast and hassle-free. A few of the top stock market analysis websites in India are Money control, Trade Brains Portal, Investing.com, ET Markets, and more. Apart, you can also visit BSE India and NSE India websites, which are the stock exchange websites in India for stock market analysis. How do you do fundamental analysis? Fundamental analysis of a stock is used to determine the financial and business health of a company. It is always recommended to perform a complete fundamental analysis of the stock before investing if you are planning for a long-term investment. Here are the six essential steps that you need to perform to analyze the fundamentals of a company in the Indian stock market. They are really simple, yet effective to find fundamentally healthy companies. Here it goes Step 1: Use the financial ratios for Initial Screening Step 2: Understand the company Step 3: Study the financial results of the company Step 4: Check the Debt and Red Flags Step 5. Find the company’s competitors Step 6: Analyze future prospects Which is the best Stock Screener in India? As the name suggests, through Stock Screener, you can scan and shortlist the stocks that fit your investment style by applying various parameters you choose while making an investment decision. Trade Brains offers the best stock screener in India. Using Trade Brains Portal, you can screen winning stocks based on different filters. Apply different parameters to shortlist the best ones among over 5,000 publically listed companies in India. The biggest advantage of this feature is that rather than going through each and every share and testing the set of parameters, you can simply adjust it one time and the rest of the work will be done by our screener with the help of designed filters. About Trade Brains Trade Brains is a Stock market analytics, financial & business news service provider and education platform in India with a mission to simplify stock market investing and trading. Recognized by: Quick Links Trade Brains Portal Stock Screener Compare Stocks Trade Brains News Fair Value Calculator Fingrad Academy Subscribe on Youtube Contact and Partnership Reach us out at Phone: [+91] 8088491790 Email: [email protected] For Advertisement, Press Releases, Partnerships or to get backlinks on this website, please e-mail us at [email protected] Market List of BSE200 Companies List of NIFTY500 Companies List of NIFTY NEXT 50 Companies NIFTY Top gainers in 5 Days NIFTY100 Most Active Stocks NIFTY Top Gainers in 1 Month About Careers Advertise & Backlinks Terms and Conditions Disclaimer & Privacy Policy Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS 2024 © Dailyraven Technologies Pvt Ltd - All Right Reserved