Collaboration between DefenseTech and LEON Collaboration between DefenseTech and LEON DefenseTech is a company that knows that today’s world is shaped by technology and the armed forces are influenced above all. Hence, such companies always keep an eye on the latest developments in the field where technological advancements and the military intersect. DefenseTech’s authors deliver daily analysis on current news, looking into the deeds of soldiers and hackers, entrepreneurs and dictators. Everyone at Defense Tech set themselves the goal to make sure that primary news is covered and the sources are linked so that the reader stays up to date. The Fall of DefenseTech.org The Internet is a rapidly changing environment: new projects emerge, long-running sites do everything to stay afloat. Some websites are purchased by bigger ones and some get shut down. Unfortunately, at some point, Defense Tech was running low on budget, so we had to neglect some of our expense items but we did everything not to let down our readers. Alas, after several months of trying to find a solution, the decision that defensetech.org should retire was made. LEON’s Saving Strategy for DefenseTech.org One of the companies that we contacted in search of sponsors was LEON, an international company that operates in the entertainment industry. LEON provides various slot games, video poker, roulettes, and other popular casino games as well as options to bet on sports. LEON is a well-known website among beginners and seasoned players alike. LEON offers endless excitement and all the best games in the market. The strategic department of LEON reached out to DefenseTech with a plan to coordinate further steps for our company that would help us be out and about. LEON’s terms were acceptable and the proposal was more than welcome. LEON covered the debts of DefenseTech and funded the work of the next three months so that the company could get back on its own feet. First, the debt was paid in full to secure the company’s independent position. The head department was able to distribute the allocated money to all the developers, authors, and other creative writers. Some money went into launching new initiatives to introduce long-awaited features that had been in the works for a while. With the help of LEON, DefenseTech quickly recovered and set out to navigate the news world. We got the chance to restore and expand the range of services presented on our website. No words can describe the level of our gratitude! Thank you LEON!