Home - Flexmls Platform by FBS Log In Log In Home Platform Details Flexmls Academy For AgentsFor MLS Administrators Customer Showcase Contact Log In Home Platform Details Flexmls Academy For Agents What’s New Short Tip Videos Upcoming Webinars Product News Recorded Trainings Flyers Flexmls Help For MLS Administrators What’s New Upcoming Webinars Product News Recorded Trainings Flyers Blog Administrator Help Customer Showcase Blog Contact Future-Proof Your MLS. A fully mobile MLS system, the Flexmls® Platform gives real estate professionals the autonomy to run their business on their terms. Get flexibility, data freedom, innovation, and reliable performance from industry leader FBS. A fully mobile MLS system, the Flexmls® Platform gives real estate professionals the autonomy to run their business on their terms. Get flexibility, data freedom, innovation, and reliable performance from industry leader FBS. An Agent's Perspective: Your Competitive Edge with Flexmls IDX SIGN UP FOR AN UPCOMING SESSION NEW FEATURE! Room Categories in Flexmls IDX Smart Frames LEARN MORE Showcase Hot Properties with Flexmls IDX Hotsheet Links LEARN HOW Flexmls IDX Lead Capture - COPY. PASTE. DONE. CHECK IT OUT Innovation that Empowers the MLS Every market is unique. The Flexmls Platform puts the freedom and control to customize the experience in the hands of the MLS. From integrations with preferred third party software products to on-demand admin controls and agent-level dashboard preferences, the Flexmls Platform is the pinnacle of market-level customization. Learn More I love the Flexmls Pro app because, no matter what I’m doing or where I am, I can look at the MLS. It’s a great way to keep in contact with clients and show them I’m thinking of them by sending potential properties. Daniel Neske William Raveis Real Estate The tech support team is very knowledgeable and easy to get in touch with. They walk through the steps so that you understand where the problem/solution is and usually it's all taken care of within 5 to 10 minutes. Yvonne Hayes CENTURY 21 Doug Anderson The Flexmls staff and software are so easy to work with. They move quickly, correct problems, take new ideas, and are always adding to make it better. Roger Kopernik Broker Owner of EXIT Realty Premier Flexmls is so easy to navigate. From putting in the parameters to looking at back on market listings, it’s just very, very user-friendly in comparison to other platforms I’ve used. Denise Bibeau Marion County Real Estate On-demand Training Content Easily find what you're looking for with the Flexmls Academy. MLS Administrators and real estate professionals have respective resource centers to keyword search, watch videos, learn what's coming, and more. Ready. Set. Learn. → 328 k Active Flexmls Subscribers 4.1 m Photos Uploaded Monthly 56 k Homes Sold Last Month The FBS Family of Products: Made with Love As powerful independently as they are bundled together, the FBS product suite (Flexmls Platform, Launch Dashboard, Spark® API, FloPlan™ System, and Flexmls IDX) powers markets by enabling MLSs to beautifully showcase their value proposition while empowering real estate professionals with innovative software. Find Out More Latest Product News Map Overlays Enhancements Manage Multiple Accounts on Mobile Updates for Simple Searching On the Go Updated Look for Market Reports Ability to Customize Room Order on Listing New and Improved Stats Tab New 1-Click Comparable Search New Option for Quick Launch Searches MLS Leaders, Request a Flexmls Platform Demo See how the Flexmls Platform can future-proof your MLS with a full product demo for you and your leadership team. Request a Demo Home Platform Details Customer Showcase Contact Resources Flexmls Academy 3rd Party Brand Usage MLS Executives and Administrators, please contact us for a demo of the Flexmls® System. Call us: 701-235-7300 Flexmls Platform by Websites (for Brokers & Agents) Privacy Terms Browser Compatibility ©2024 FBS – Powering Real Estate Markets. Empowering People.