Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University Menu Close Menu Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt News All Vanderbilt Research Experts Magazine Athletics Archives Events About This is Vanderbilt Quick Facts University Leadership Equity, Diversity & Inclusion History Contact A to Z Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional School Admissions Financial Aid Academics Program Finder Schools & Colleges Residential Colleges Study Abroad Libraries Strategic Plan Research Centers & Institutes Research News Undergraduate Research Graduate School Research VUMC Research Campus Life Housing & Dining Health & Safety Organizations & Identity Centers Athletics Our Hometown - Nashville News & Events Vanderbilt News Research News Vanderbilt Magazine Events News Research Experts Magazine Athletics Archives Events Made for this Moment Stronger than at any other time in our history, we are positioned to do more than just meet the challenges of our times. We have what it takes to thrive and lead—to define and become the great university of this century. Read More Latest Gen. Timothy D. Haugh to deliver opening keynote address at 2024 Vanderbilt Summit on Modern Conflict and Emerging Threats Vanderbilt to increase stipends, housing support services for graduate students for 2024-25 Be part of history: Submit a digital note for the Sesquicentennial time capsule View all stories Events Pride in the Pews: In Conversation with Don Abram on Mar. 6 Bridging the Political Divide: Bipartisan debate on gun control to take place Feb. 28 Applebaum, Meacham to discuss rise of autocracy in ‘Open Dialogue’ event View more events Events on Demand Watch This Research Snapshot: Vanderbilt psychology research shows people more willing to take COVID-19 vaccine to benefit society Behavioral science identifies best way to convince people to get vaccinated. In Focus The Vanderbilt Project on Unity & American Democracy Engineering & Technology Health & Medicine Education & Psychology Law, Business & Politics Life, Earth & Space Society & Culture Curing COVID On Social Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube TikTok Class of 2023: Then and Now In this space, you belong Follow VanderbiltU on TikTok In The News With so many facets to the role—and with so many intelligent, inquisitive, innovative people surrounding you—the job of a university leader is many things. But it is never boring. Daniel Diermeier Vanderbilt University Chancellor Daniel Diermeier Forbes Read More Newsletters Don't miss a story. Get the latest Vanderbilt updates delivered to your inbox by subscribing to one or more of our email newsletters below. Research News VU Today Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt is a private research university in Nashville, Tennessee. It offers more than 70 undergraduate majors and a full range of graduate and professional degrees across 10 schools and colleges, all on a beautiful campus—an accredited arboretum—complete with athletic facilities and state-of-the-art laboratories. Vanderbilt is optimized to inspire and nurture cross-disciplinary research that fosters discoveries that have global impact. University Leadership Residential Colleges Equity, Diversity and Inclusion This Is Vanderbilt Research@Vanderbilt Working at Vanderbilt Events Logins Campus Map Media Resources Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube TikTok Flickr Nashville, Tennessee 37240615-322-7311 • Contact Us Vanderbilt University’s Online Privacy Notice Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information. Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.) © 2024