Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Skip to main content Live VANCOUVER Search CTVNews.ca Search News Latest News B.C. News Weather Sports CTV's Community Heroes Real Estate News BTS Podcast Riverview in Focus The Last Word Other pages Traffic Contests Community Host Toy Mountain BCLIquor BC Cancer Tour de Cure Fields to Forks Our Community Sunshine Coast Health Centre CTV Morning Live Cook Off Inside Education Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kingston Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Nanaimo Newfoundland and Labrador Northern Ontario Ottawa Pembroke Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Sault Ste. Marie Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Search CTVNews.ca Search Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Woman loses $7,400 in grandparent scam, nearly loses $12,000 more: Kelowna RCMP Kelowna Mounties are looking for a suspect after a senior was scammed out of thousands of dollars last month. B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class A Vancouver Island teacher's professional certification will be suspended for three days this month after he encouraged students in his Grade 9 gym class to hit each other with pool noodles, breaking one child's glasses. Live-stream video of man driving his vehicle into Burrard Inlet prompts Port Moody police investigation A man was detained in Port Moody Monday night after police were tipped off about an Adin Ross live-stream video showing a driver sending a vehicle into Burrard Inlet. WEATHER °C View Full Forecast >> Unable to retrieve weather data Complete Weather Forecast Top Videos Growing concern over measles risk ahead of March break More speculation surrounding Princess of Wales' absence B.C.'s legal battle over public drug use Sentencing in deadly assault on senior MORE TOP STORIES Vancouver Island child hospitalized after eating poisonous hemlock on school grounds A nine-year-old girl was hospitalized overnight after chewing and swallowing part of a poisonous hemlock plant on the grounds of a Langford, B.C., school. Human-triggered avalanches likely in B.C. and Alberta, extended public warning says Backcountry enthusiasts are urged to be extra cautious while exploring B.C. and Alberta mountains over the next few days due to a high risk of avalanche. B.C.'s securities watchdog fined rule breakers $430M. Why can't it make them pay? Ronald McHaffie is among more than 400 individuals and companies that the B.C. Securities Commission says owe about $430 million in unpaid administrative penalties and disgorgement orders. Meta's Facebook, Instagram back up after global outage Meta-owned Facebook and Instagram were back up on Tuesday after a more than two-hour outage that was caused by a technical issue and impacted hundreds of thousands of users globally. Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M A winery ranked as the number one tourist destination in Kelowna by Trip Advisor is up for sale for just under $10 million. B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit A lawyer for a group of iPhone owners says a British Columbia judge has approved a countrywide multimillion-dollar settlement with tech giant Apple over software updates that allegedly slowed down older devices. From contact tracing to addressing vaccine hesitancy: How B.C. is responding to 1st new measles case In response to the first measles case imported to B.C. since 2019, health officials are ramping up public information, doctors are preparing for anxious parents, and new immigrants are getting special supports, CTV News has learned. Crown wants 8-year sentence for man accused of posing as cop in deadly attack on senior in Vancouver One of the men charged in the death of a 78-year-old Vancouver woman sat silently in a courtroom Monday, rocking back and forth, as lawyers argued how long he should serve behind bars. Drug decriminalization debate continues in B.C. Debate over B.C.’s decriminalization of hard drugs lit up the legislature again Monday, after a court decision dealt a blow to the NDP's attempt to further restrict where illicit substances can be used. Retinal specialists fee dispute creates uncertainty for B.C. patients A B.C. patient says a recent letter is making her uncertain about whether she will be able to continue her treatment with a specialist eye doctor without paying out-of-pocket. Current, former Vancouver city councillors competing for B.C. NDP nomination One current and one former city councillor will be battling for the B.C. NDP nomination in a Vancouver riding, after the environment minister announced he does not plan to run again. 'We are falling through the cracks': Kids with disabilities getting little support in Surrey schools, families say The rapid growth in enrolment at Surrey, B.C., schools is straining the district’s resources for children with disabilities, according to frustrated parents. 1 dead in avalanche near Revelstoke, B.C. One person died after an avalanche near Revelstoke, B.C., on Sunday, according to Avalanche Canada – which has extended its warning about dangerous conditions in the backcountry. B.C. Lottery Corporation warns of 'predatory and sophisticated' online scams British Columbia's provincial gambling body is warning the public about a series of online scams that are allegedly tricking people into providing their financial information by mimicking advertisements from licensed local casinos. MORE TOP VIDEOS Snow blankets parts of Metro Vancouver $14M settlement in class-action against Apple B.C. sees first measles case since 2019 Patients caught in middle of fee dispute Inside CTV News Vancouver A B.C. lawyer submitted 'fictitious' cases generated by ChatGPT to the court. Now, she has to pay for that mistake. A B.C. lawyer has been ordered to review all of her files after she made the "serious mistake" of citing "fictitious" cases created by ChatGPT to the court, according to a recent judgment. New Zealand man reaches Vancouver on cross-Canada run inspired by Terry Fox Jon Nabbs has been running for more than 300 days in a row, inspired by Terry Fox to fundraise for cancer research by trekking across Canada. Guests with suspected gang ties using short-term rentals in B.C. community, RCMP warn Short-term rental hosts in Prince George, B.C., have been urged to "exercise caution" following reports of gangsters booking stays – and in some cases refusing to vacate the properties. Editor's Picks 'To Kill a Mockingbird' no longer a recommended resource in Surrey School District The Surrey School District has updated its list of recommended resources for educators, excluding novels like Harper Lee’s 'To Kill a Mockingbird.' Dead woman's estate ordered to pay B.C. university more than $650,000 for wage fraud, theft The estate of a woman who died more than a decade ago is being ordered to pay a B.C. university more than $650,000 for wage fraud and theft. 'Times are changing': B.C. minister addresses online criticism over bringing baby to legislature When Bowinn Ma, B.C.’s minister of emergency management and climate readiness, posted a photo of her three-month-old daughter Azalea in a makeshift nursery in her legislature office, most people were supportive of her decision to bring her baby to work. In Pictures Winter storm blankets South Coast in snow Flooding as atmospheric river drenches Lower Mainland State of emergency over West Kelowna wildfires Biggest wins of the 2024 Emmy Awards 'Sexiest man alive' winners throughout the years Peek inside a new CC-330 Husky passenger plane Matty Matheson, center, and the team from "The Bear" accept the award for outstanding comedy series during the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards on Monday, Jan. 15, 2024, at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello) The hardworking crews who fought B.C.'s historic 2023 wildfires 10 of the most expensive homes on the market in B.C. Rallies, counter-protests about gender identity policies in schools Real Estate News Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M A winery ranked as the number one tourist destination in Kelowna by Trip Advisor is up for sale for just under $10 million. New listings, home sales on the rise in Vancouver last month: real estate board Greater Vancouver's real estate board says new listings were up in February as home sellers shed some of their hesitance and home sales also rose. $9.3M Whistler condo sale breaks real estate record, company says A luxury condo in Whistler, B.C., has just sold for $9.3 million, reportedly breaking a real estate record for the resort community. Sports Vancouver Whitecaps battle to 1-1 draw in MLS home opener Ryan Raposo admits he would have been emotionally lost a few years ago if he made the same mistake that led to the first Charlotte goal of Saturday's home opener for the Vancouver Whitecaps. 'I'd be smiling if I got that much money, too': Elias Pettersson's teammates, coach react to 8-year contract extension When Elias Pettersson took to the ice for practice at Rogers Arena Saturday morning, minutes after signing an eight-year, $92.8-million contract extension with the Vancouver Canucks, teammates couldn't help but notice a difference. 'The thought was always to be here long-term': Canucks forward Elias Pettersson on his 8-year, $92.8M contract extension Canucks forward Elias Pettersson addressed the Vancouver media Saturday morning, just minutes before putting pen to paper on an eight-year contract extension worth an average of US$11.6 million per year. W5 HIGHLIGHTS W5 investigates as Quebec town's residents fear harmful health effects linked to historic smelter Some residents of a mining town in northern Quebec tell CTV W5 they no longer want to reap the financial benefits from heavy industry, if it means the price they have to pay is their health. Oji-Cree singer Aysanabee shares stories of family and love in billboard-breaking music Oji-Cree singer-songwriter Aysanabee reflects on his whirlwind year, and how family inspired his music, in an interview with W5. W5 investigates W5 investigates | Who's at your door?: Homeowners allegedly exploited by Ontario company In its documentary 'Who's At Your Door?', CTV W5 investigates companies that allegedly trick homeowners into signing long-term contracts for services they don't need. INVESTIGATION INVESTIGATION | W5 visits Panama as protests rage against Canadian-owned mine W5 visited Panama as mass protests raged against a Canadian-owned mine that has now been ordered closed. The most expensive zip-tie: W5's hidden cameras catch repair company in action CTV W5 unveils the worst offenders when it comes to responding to Better Business Bureau complaints. W5 W5 | Unreleased video allegedly shows torture of Ontario 'crypto king' during kidnapping A grieving mother is on a quest for answers after her 25-year-old son died just days after coming across new footage alleged to show the kidnapping and torture of so-called 'crypto king' Aiden Pleterski. W5 W5 | 'Crypto king' investor says she doesn’t believe Pleterski is orchestrating alleged Ponzi scheme alone An investor who handed Ontario’s so-called 'crypto king' $75,000 believes Aiden Pleterski is not the sole mastermind orchestrating the alleged multi-million dollar investment scheme that’s become synonymous with his name. W5 W5 | Video shows Ontario 'crypto king' associate refusing to hand over phone found in toilet caddy A video displayed as evidence in court shows an associate of the so-called Ontario ‘crypto king’ refusing to surrender an iPhone to investigators after hiding it in a toilet caddy during a court-ordered search at his girlfriend’s Oshawa, Ont. home, resulting in five months of jail time for the 27-year-old. WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. STAY CONNECTED MUST WATCH Free-diver captures close encounter with orca off B.C. coast Raccoon stranded on hydro pole for two days rescued U.S. driver saved from truck dangling off bridge Archive | Blizzard paralyzes Winnipeg in 1966 WATCH: Volcano erupts in Ecuador's Galapagos Islands B.C. tour guide rescues man burried by avalanche CTV Kitchener marks 70 years on the air Archive: Triumph & Treachery: The Brian Mulroney Story See how this N.S. artist uses metal to create custom pieces CTVNews.ca Top Stories No working rink at prison where MP says notorious inmates play pickup hockey: agency Canada's prison service says there is no working hockey rink at an institution where a Conservative MP says notorious inmates play 'taxpayer-funded serial killer pickup hockey.' Federal tax change could raise electricity, gas bills in some provinces Electricity Canada is sounding the alarm over a proposed tax change it warns could see some private utilities saddled with millions in additional income taxes. Newfoundland police lay 63 more charges against former teacher A former Newfoundland teacher and volleyball coach is now facing more than 150 charges related to what police call sexual violence. 9 Ont. nurses fired for refusing COVID vaccines should be reinstated, arbitrator rules An arbitrator has ruled that nine Ontario nurses, who were fired because they didn’t get 2 COVID-19 vaccinations, should be reinstated, because their termination was 'unreasonable.' Major Canadian textbook provider files for bankruptcy The company that operates the Canadian School Book Exchange, which provides textbooks to schools across Canada, has filed for bankruptcy. Boy, 16, and girl, 14, identified as pair struck and killed by UP Express train in Toronto The two people fatally struck by a UP Express train Monday evening were a 16-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl, Toronto police confirmed Tuesday, though it's still not clear why they were on the tracks. Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. One child was reported to be pinned under the bus and several others were taken by ambulance to be treated for various injuries. Meta's Facebook, Instagram back up after global outage Meta-owned Facebook and Instagram were back up on Tuesday after a more than two-hour outage that was caused by a technical issue and impacted hundreds of thousands of users globally. Luka Magnotta now living in medium-security prison, says Correctional Service Canada Correctional Service Canada confirms Luka Magnotta, who made international headlines for the brutal killing of an international student, resides in a medium-security prison. Shopping Trends The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us. Editor's Picks As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products Scotland's Top Outdoor Clothing Brand Just Arrived In Canada, And Here Are A Few Of Our Favourite Finds Our Guide To The Best Walking Pads In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them) Beauty Here Are The Best Drugstore Eye Creams Under $30, According to Reviewers 17 Holy Grail Products That Reviewers With Eczema Swear By If You Have Dry Skin, Add At Least One Of These Hydrating Foundations To Your Cart Gifts 15 Baby Shower Gifts from Amazon Canada Any New Parent Will Appreciate 20 Gifts To Get Your Favourite Person (Or Yourself) 17 Unique Gifts From Amazon Canada To Get The Person Who Has Everything Home As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products If You Have A Hard Time Keeping Your Fridge Organized, These Space-Saving Products Are For You 6 Travel Essentials Every Dog Owner Probably Needs Vancouver Island B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class Vancouver Island child hospitalized after eating poisonous hemlock on school grounds Live-stream video of man driving his vehicle into Burrard Inlet prompts Port Moody police investigation Calgary Calgary announces funding to help improve safety downtown, near transit Federal government moves ahead with plan to build more homes in Alberta Southern Alberta man charged in animal cruelty investigation: RCMP Edmonton Worker killed at Edmonton machine shop Construction company fined $144K in 2022 workplace injury Prehistoric exhibit coming to TELUS World of Science Toronto Dismembered human remains found on Toronto beach Boy, 16, and girl, 14, identified as pair struck and killed by UP Express train in Toronto Video shows suspect shooting at Markham, Ont. home, no injuries reported Montreal Just For Laughs files for creditor protection, says 2024 festival 'will not take place' Details released on state funeral for former prime minister Mulroney Young Quebec director who debated quitting filmmaking prepares for Oscars Winnipeg Labour bills expected to be on the agenda as Manitoba legislature resumes 'We want accountability': Parents of woman killed by drunk driver want passenger charged 'It’s just time': Winnipeg hardware store closing after 75 years Saskatoon Saskatoon Fairhaven group wants massive cut to STC shelter capacity Sask. potash worker to remain on suspension over nightly medical cannabis use Police investigating vehicle collision with a train in Saskatoon Regina Ruling that found emoji legally-binding faces appeal in Sask. court Sask. teachers to withdraw noon hour supervision in 10 divisions on Friday Saskatchewan suffers first loss to Nova Scotia at Montana's Brier Atlantic Maritime weather: Special weather statements issued ahead of Thursday storm Crash causes power outage, closes section of Windmill Road in Dartmouth 1st baby right whale of season dies from injuries caused by ship collision London Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. Driver seriously hurt in crash north of Woodstock New court dates set for former junior hockey players accused of sexual assault Northern Ontario Sudbury driver arrested after hitting building with vehicle, wild police chase Northern Ont. hockey mom charged in parking lot brawl after game Woman, 36, charged with impaired driving in crash near Parry Sound Kitchener Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. Driver seriously hurt in crash north of Woodstock Wilmot council clears major roadblock in Schneider land donation Canada Federal tax change could raise electricity, gas bills in some provinces Boy, 16, and girl, 14, identified as pair struck and killed by UP Express train in Toronto Newfoundland police lay 63 more charges against former teacher B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. Dismembered human remains found on Toronto beach World Kate, Princess of Wales, to appear in June for royal ceremony, first confirmed official duty since surgery Gaza ceasefire talks fail to achieve a breakthrough with Ramadan just days away, Egypt says Ex-Honduran president defends himself at New York drug trafficking trial As gangs plunge Haiti into anarchy, people ask: Where in the world is the prime minister? Azerbaijan demolishes former Karabakh Armenian parliament building The conman, his lovers and the mother who vanished Entertainment Just For Laughs files for creditor protection, says 2024 festival 'will not take place' The famous booth from 'The Sopranos' final episode sells on eBay Princess of Wales' uncle Gary Goldsmith joins Sharon Osbourne in 'Celebrity Big Brother' house Health 9 Ont. nurses fired for refusing COVID vaccines should be reinstated, arbitrator rules Deadly U.S. meningitis outbreak: Pharmacy leader pleads no contest to manslaughter Four provinces confirm measles cases, including rare case in fully vaccinated man Politics No working rink at prison where MP says notorious inmates play pickup hockey: agency Details released on state funeral for former prime minister Mulroney Conservative candidate Jamil Jivani clinches seat in Ontario riding Sci-Tech Are we in the Anthropocene Epoch? Not so fast, geologists say B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit Your company probably knows you're reading this story at work Business Canadian business insolvencies more than double in January, led by bankruptcies Court rules Florida's 'stop woke' law restricting business diversity training is unconstitutional Meta's Facebook, Instagram back up after global outage Autos Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by U.K. police GM recalling 250,000 pickup trucks in Canada for tailgate issue More Ontario drivers being told to install tracking devices – but at their own expense Lifestyle Sask. TikTok star Bella Brave meets singer Halsey Group of 7 in GTA in 'disbelief' winning lottery together after 8 months of playing Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M Sports New court dates set for former junior hockey players accused of sexual assault 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team Raptors sign centre Kelly Olynyk to multi-year contract extension Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton © 2024 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy