T.LY: World's Shortest URL Shortener Products Link Management OneLinks QR Code Generator Link Shortener Extension Screenshot Website Resources Blog API Documentation Frequently Asked Questions Affiliate Program Comparisons T.LY vs Bitly Bitly Alternatives Google URL Shortener Alternatives T.LY vs TinyURL Best URL Shortener API Login Sign Up Sign Up Create Short URLs T.LY is the World's Shortest Link Shortener service to track, brand, and share short URLs. Get Started Shorten URLs T.LY URL Shortener makes long links look cleaner and easier to share! Add your own Custom Domains to personalize your brand! Over 20 million monthly visitors trust T.LY. Easily create trackable QR Codes. Track Link Clicks With over 40,000,000 links shortened and tracked over 700,000,000 link clicks, T.LY lets you know where users are coming from and is a click counter tool to track link analytics. Just add a + at the end of any short URL to see statistics. Browser Extension Install our free Browser Extension with over 450,000 users from the extension store to automatically shorten links in one easy click! We support Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Opera. Looking for API access? Sign Up Here Upgrade Your Short URLs Hobby $5/Month 5-day Free Trial ($50 annually) 500 Monthly Short Links Unlimited Clicks Advanced Link Analytics Trackable QR Codes Custom Domains with SSL Smart URLs API Access OneLinks Private Stats Link Retargeting Sign Up Basic $20/Month 5-day Free Trial 4,000 Monthly Short Links Unlimited Clicks Advanced Link Analytics Trackable QR Codes Custom Domains with SSL Smart URLs API Access OneLinks Private Stats Link Retargeting Sign Up Pro $50/Month 5-day Free Trial 10,000 Monthly Short Links Teams Priority Support Unlimited Clicks Advanced Link Analytics Trackable QR Codes Custom Domains with SSL Smart URLs API Access OneLinks Private Stats Link Retargeting Sign Up Need a larger plan with teams? Contact us and we will tailor a solution to meet your needs! Looking to ADD your own custom domain? Get Started Recent Blog Posts Best URL Shortener As a marketer, the ability to create short links for your content and campaigns is an essential part of staying competitive in today’s digital landscape. One great tool for this is T.LY – the best URL Shortener on the market that helps you save time, simplify workflow and increase efficiency. With just a few clicks, you can turn any long URL into a shortened version that l... How to Create a Short Url Are you a marketer looking for an easy and effective way to make your link short, memorable, and sharable? Look no further than the world of short URLs. With their simple-to-create formats and ability to easily fit into text messages or email subject lines, short URLs are becoming increasingly popular among marketers who want quick access to the meaty information in long w... What is a Url Shortener? If you’ve ever seen a link that’s been shortened using a service like T.LY, TinyURL, Firebase Dynamic Links, or Goo.gl, you may wonder what a link shortener is and how it works. A URL shortener is a tool that can take a long, complex URL and turn it into a much shorter link that is easy to share. This can be useful when sharing links on social media, SMS, or email, especia... The Hidden Benefits Of Using a Link Shortener Do you use a link shortener when sharing links online? If not, you could be missing out on some hidden benefits. Link shorteners can help improve click-through rates, track link activity, and more. This post will explore some of the little-known advantages of using a URL shortener. So if you’re not already using one, read on to learn more about how it can benefit your mark... Best URL Shortener API A URL shortener API can be an extremely useful tool for businesses and website owners. Using a URL shortener API, you can shorten long and complex URLs into shorter, more manageable ones. This can be helpful in a number of ways. First, it can make it easier for people to remember your website’s URL. Second, it can help to improve your click-through rates, as shorter URLs a... How do I shorten a URL for free? Back in 2018, Google shut down its URL Shortener service, but users are still looking for the perfect replacement for this simple URL shortener service. With so many options available, it’s hard not to filter down and find the best alternative to goo.gl. T.LY is the best link management service to track, brand, and share short URLs. T.LY offers the ability to create the sh... Looking for MORE than a Free URL Shortener? Get Started Features Extension API Docs QR Code Generator Recommended Tools Sign Up Resources Report Link FAQ Affiliates Privacy Terms Company About Blog Contact Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Use Link Shortener Extension next time you need to create a short URL. All it takes is one click, and a short link will be automatically copied to your clipboard! Add to Unknown - It's Free! 450,000+ active users Supports Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Edge! Loading…