Polar Bears International Without you, there is no them. Help protect one of the world’s biggest, most-vulnerable species and their habitat. Learn About the Bears Dive in deeper Polar Bear Den Studies in Svalbard Follow our field team as they conduct research on the snowy mountain slopes of Svalbard, Norway. Follow our field team as they conduct research on the snowy mountain slopes of Svalbard, Norway. Explore with Our Team Top 10 Conservation Highlights in 2023 As we look back over the past year, we wanted to take a moment to highlight the progress we made together on behalf of polar bears in 2023. As we look back over the past year, we wanted to take a moment to highlight the progress we made together on behalf of polar bears in 2023. See Our Progress Important News A landmark new paper from our chief scientist emeritus addresses a loophole in the Endangered Species Act, paving the way for removing the current roadblock to polar bear protections. A landmark new paper from our chief scientist emeritus addresses a loophole in the Endangered Species Act, paving the way for removing the current roadblock to polar bear protections. Learn More & Download the Paper Stay in Touch! Become part of a community committed to protecting polar bears by signing up for our free e-news. Become part of a community committed to protecting polar bears by signing up for our free e-news. Join Our Mailing List Polar Bears in the News Love polar bears? Explore global media coverage on polar bears and our work. Love polar bears? Explore global media coverage on polar bears and our work. Dive In Here Get to Know the Bears Habitat Sea ice is the place that polar bears call home. Adaptations & Characteristics Learn how polar bears are built for the Arctic and a life on the sea ice. Endangered Status Polar bears are listed under a variety of classifications. Photo: Daniel J. Cox / Natural Exposures Photo: Tim Auer / Polar Bears International Photo: Daniel J. Cox / Natural Exposures View the Basics Get to Know the Bears Habitat Sea ice is the place that polar bears call home. Adaptations & Characteristics Learn how polar bears are built for the Arctic and a life on the sea ice. Endangered Status Polar bears are listed under a variety of classifications. Polar Bear Tracker Follow wild polar bears and learn how their movements are linked to the changing sea ice. Explore the Arctic Tundra Connections Webcasts Join us for free educational webcasts and live events. Watch Webcasts Make a Difference We’re dedicated to conserving polar bears and the sea ice they depend on. Through media, science, and advocacy, we work to inspire people to care about the Arctic, the threats to its future, and the connection between this remote region and our global climate. Become a Sponsor Discover ways to help through donations, in-kind contributions, and other support. Adopt a Polar Bear Support our research, education and action by symbolically adopting a polar bear. Join Our Awareness Events Stay updated on the latest events that advocate for all things polar bears. Take Action Together, we can ensure polar bears roam the sea ice for generations to come. Become A Monthly Donor Your recurring monthly gift makes our work possible all year. See All Press Release New Paper Provides Climate Policy Framework A groundbreaking new study by our chief scientist emeritus quantifies the impact of greenhouse gas emissions on polar bears, removing an obstacle that prevented climate action. Article 7 MINS 31 Aug 2023 See Full Article What We Do Our Impact Your generosity makes our research, education, and advocacy work possible. Research We focus on projects with the greatest impact on polar bear conservation. Meet the Team Polar Bears International is the only nonprofit dedicated solely to wild polar bears. Education Center Discover how you and your students can follow your curiosity and become inspired. See All Photo: Daniel J. Cox Join this conservation journey. Become part of a community committed to protecting polar bears with our free e-news. Sign Up Now Polar Bears & the Changing Arctic Polar Bear Facts Conservation Concerns Living with Polar Bears Discover Polar Bears What We Do Our Mission & History Our Impact Our Team Research Management Policy Sponsors, Partners & Programs Education Center Tundra Connections Polar Bear Cams Polar Bear Tracker Just for Kids Units & Lessons Privacy Policy Fundraising FAQ Contact News & Media Latest Stories Press Center Publications Polar Bears & the Changing Arctic View All Polar Bear Facts Conservation Concerns Living with Polar Bears Discover Polar Bears What We Do View All Our Mission & History Our Impact Our Team Research Management Policy Sponsors, Partners & Programs Education Center View All Tundra Connections Polar Bear Cams Polar Bear Tracker Just for Kids Units & Lessons Privacy Policy View All Fundraising FAQ Contact News & Media View All Latest Stories Press Center Publications Act Now Donate Adopt Other Ways to Give Take Action Awareness Events © 2024 Polar Bears International Help ensure the polar bear's future. The actions we take today give polar bears a chance at an even better tomorrow. Make a Difference