Home page - EUvsDisinfo Skip to main content Română Українська ქართული 中文 (中国) Қазақ тілі English Български Русский Italiano Español Français Deutsch Polski Беларуская Հայերեն Azərbaycan ContentArticles Database Learn Research Videos Guest content About CategoriesUkraine Belarus Moldova Georgia Eastern Partnership China Africa SUBSCRIBE Articles All articles Ukraine Belarus Moldova Georgia Eastern Partnership China Africa Database Learn Research Videos Guest content About en ro ua ge ru it es fr de pl by arm az SUBSCRIBE About Us WELCOME TO EUVSDISINFO EUvsDisinfo is a flagship project of the European Union, led by the East Stratcom Task Force. Since 2015, we identify, analyse, and raise awareness of disinformation in its different shapes and forms. Top Story Jointly inflating a disinformation bubble – The Transnistrian region and international media March 05, 2024 News and Analysis What He Said and What it Really Means – Vol. 6: Putin Forever March 01, 2024 Top Story Years of war February 29, 2024 16679 disinformation cases collected and debunked Our approach Monitor Identify Document Respond DATABASE Categories Ukraine Moldova Belarus Georgia China Africa Eastern Partnership Coronavirus EEAS Special Reports Latest Articles March 05, 2024 Top Story Jointly inflating a disinformation bubble – The Transnistrian region and international media Moldova got a lot of international media coverage due to a possible request from Tiraspol to Moscow to accept Transnistria as part of Russia. March 01, 2024 News and Analysis What He Said and What it Really Means – Vol. 6: Putin Forever Putin’s address to the Federal Assembly embraced war as ideology, promised money to everyone, lasted for a record 126 minutes and was interrupted with applause 116 times. February 29, 2024 Top Story Years of war War has become an essential, almost sought-after state of affairs in Russia. We look at some recent developments in society. February 24, 2024 Ukraine Reflection on two years of war and disinformation The Kremlin’s lies, deceit and disinformation have systematically fuelled Russia brutal war of aggression against Ukraine. Two years later, Ukraine fights bravely on and we continue to expose Russia’s lies. Don’t be deceived. February 22, 2024 Disinformation Review Pyrrhic victories and crickets chirping in the graveyard From celebrating gaining a few dozen square kilometers of scorched earth in Avdiivka as a major victory for Putin to keeping mum about the circumstances of Alexei Navalny’s death, it’s been a busy week for the Kremlin’s disinformation mouthpieces February 21, 2024 Ukraine Thirteen myths about Russia’s war against Ukraine exposed The Kremlin constantly spreads lies and disinformation to justify and sustain Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine. Don’t be deceived when you encounter any of these pro-Kremlin myths seeking to dismiss, distract dismay and distort the truth. View all View Infographics Years of Repressions against Journalists and Activists in Russia Timeline – 100 Days of War against Ukraine Seven things you need to know about RT and Sputnik Pro-Kremlin disinfo about bioweapons and biolabs When words kill – Hate speech in the Kremlin speak Disinformation about Bucha Timeline – Pro-Kremlin disinfo examples about Coronavirus Subscribe to the Disinfo Review Your weekly update on pro-Kremlin disinformation SUBSCRIBE Popular this month 01 Thirteen myths about Russia’s war against Ukraine exposed 02 Cacophonous chorus of conniving voices 03 Pyrrhic victories and crickets chirping in the graveyard 04 Belarus: Militarisation of minors 05 The Kremlin’s global spinnings 06 Navigating the harmful consequences of Disinformation in War 07 Hate speech and calls for genocide in Putin’s Russia 08 Belarus update: absurd repression continues 09 What He Said and What it Really Means – Vol. 5: “Interview/ history lecture” 10 Moscow’s many stories about EU support to Ukraine Explore Database A collection of disinformation cases in multiple languages. Updated every week. VIEW Learn Everything you need to know about disinformation and FIMI and how to address them. Includes an extensive list of good resources to learn even more. VIEW Research A collection of academic work on disinformation and FIMI. Updated regularly. VIEW Videos Addressing information manipulation targeting the LGBTIQ+ community FIMI targeting LGBTIQ+ people Crimean Caravan Gendered disinformation Disinformation challenges in Serbia Disinformation in Latin America Disinformation in Africa Russian disinformation targeting the EU’s support to Ukraine FREE PRESS TALKING, Summary – What does the press freedom mean to me Unmasking Russia’s lies in Africa Your opinion matters! Contact us DON'T BE DECEIVED, QUESTION EVEN MORE Contact us European External Action Service (EEAS) Rdpt Robert Schuman 9, 1046 Brussels, Belgium General enquiries EEAS press team ContentArticles Database Learn Research Videos Guest content About CategoriesUkraine Belarus Moldova Georgia Eastern Partnership China Africa Contact us European External Action Service (EEAS) Rdpt Robert Schuman 9, 1046 Brussels, Belgium General enquiries EEAS press team COOKIES DATA PROTECTION DISCLAIMER Disclaimer Cases in the EUvsDisinfo database focus on messages in the international information space that are identified as providing a partial, distorted, or false depiction of reality and spread key pro-Kremlin messages. This does not necessarily imply, however, that a given outlet is linked to the Kremlin or editorially pro-Kremlin, or that it has intentionally sought to disinform. EUvsDisinfo publications do not represent an official EU position, as the information and opinions expressed are based on media reporting and analysis of the East Stratcom Task Force. Your opinion matters! Data Protection Information * I have read and understood the Privacy Statement.OK SEND COMMENT Subscribe to the Disinfo Review Your weekly update on pro-Kremlin disinformation Data Protection Information * The Disinformation Review is sent through Mailchimp.com. See Mailchimp’s privacy policy and find out more on how EEAS protects your personal data. I have read and understood the Privacy Statement.OK SUBSCRIBE