Unified Product Experience Management | Salsify [Live Demo] New Salsify PXM Advance Platform: The Future of PXM is Here Register Now Contact Careers Customers Customer Success Support Knowledge Base Product Updates Login PXM LOGIN SXM LOGIN English - United States Français What Is PXM? What Is PXM? PXM for Brands Lead the digital shelf with product experience management (PXM). PXM for Retailers Source supplier product content efficiently and at scale with PXM. What Is the Digital Shelf? Learn about the digital shelf, including strategies for winning sales. Build Winning Shopping Experiences Learn how to engage and convert more shoppers with these winning tips. Solutions For Brands Centralize Centralize all your product content, no matter where it lives. Connect Connect across the digital shelf to deliver engaging product experiences. Automate Learn how to automate manual processes to improve efficiency, accuracy, and product detail page (PDP) conversions. For Retailers Onboard Accelerate your supplier and product data onboarding. Validate Ensure up-to-date product data is always available to your customers. Automate Gain the freedom to scale your business with automation. Products PXM Product Experience Management PIM Learn about Salsify’s enterprise PIM solution. Syndication Easily syndicate product content to every consumer touch point. Enhanced Content Easily enrich product pages with below-the-fold content and rich media. Catalog Sites Share customized, up-to-date digital product catalogs. Automation and AI Automate business processes and enhance Salsify workflows with AI. Digital Shelf Analytics Continuously optimize your organization’s product content syndication. GDSN Data Pool Synchronize standard supply chain, marketing, and ecommerce attributes globally. PXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs Integrate the PXM platform with the rest of your enterprise systems architecture. Grocery Accelerator Leverage the first-ever category-wide PXM accelerator in the grocery industry. PXM App Center Gain extensions, integrations, and destinations with the PXM App Center. SXM Supplier Experience Management Supplier Onboarding Accelerate supplier onboarding while ensuring your schema requirements are met. Product Listing Sell products faster with Product Listing. Content Enrichment Increase online conversions with Content Enrichment. Automation Win on the digital shelf by automating manual tasks. SXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs Integrate the SXM platform with the rest of your enterprise systems architecture. PXM Network Syndication Network Automate how you exchange product content data to the digital shelf. Enhanced Content Network Use Enhanced Content to turn product pages into product experiences. Commerce Platform Integrations Create winning product experiences everywhere shoppers are, including on owned sites. GDSN Data Pool Synchronize standard supply chain, marketing, and ecommerce attributes globally. Open Catalog Connect to the digital shelf faster with an open, standardized, and free product catalog. Partners Solution Partners Find a Solution Partner Learn more about Salsify solution partners. Become a Solution Partner Learn how to become a Salsify solution partner. Technology Partners Find a Technology Partner Learn more about Salsify technology partners. Become a Technology Partner Learn how to become a Salsify technology partner. Resources Resources Resource Library Explore our ecommerce resources to get everything you need to win on the digital shelf. Blog Read our blog to get actionable insights for navigating changing markets and industry demands. Webinars Watch our on-demand ecommerce webinars to gain expert advice and tips from our community of industry leaders. Engineering Blog Explore our engineering blog to get developer resources, insights, and tips. Events Register for our upcoming in-person and virtual events to connect with other industry insiders. Knowledge Base Investigate our knowledge base to build your Salsify skills and understanding. Product Updates Explore the latest news and updates for Salsify products. API Examine our comprehensive API and webhook guides to start working with Salsify quickly. 2024 Consumer Research: The Modern Buying Journey Download Salsify's report to get insights into the latest trends and consumer behaviors. What Is PXM? What Is PXM? PXM for Brands PXM for Retailers What Is the Digital Shelf? Solutions For Brands Centralize Connect Automate For Retailers Onboard Validate Automate Products PXM Product Experience Management Overview PIM Syndication Enhanced Content Catalog Sites Automation and AI Digital Shelf Analytics GDSN Grocery Accelerator PXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM App Center SXM Supplier Experience Management Overview Supplier Onboarding Product Listing Content Enrichment Automation SXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM Network Overview Syndication Network Enhanced Content Network Commerce Platform Integrations GDSN Open Catalog Partners Solution Partners Find a Solution Partner Become a Solution Partner Technology Partners Find a Technology Partner Become a Technology Partner Resources Resource Library Blog Webinars Events Engineering Blog Knowledge Base API Contact Careers Customers Customer Success Support Knowledge Base Product Updates Login PXM LOGIN SXM LOGIN English - United States Français Forrester Names Salsify a ‘Leader’ in PIM Salsify was just named a “Leader” in “The Forrester Wave™: Product Information Management, Q4 2023 Report.” Download the complimentary report here. Deliver the Best Product Experience Improve efficiency, drive sales, and lead the digital shelf with the industry’s only unified Product Experience Management (PXM) platform. Learn how brands, retailers, and distributors can deliver the best possible product experience. See All Results >> Win on the Digital Shelf PXM for Brands The digital shelf is constantly changing. To drive continued business growth, you need to be able to centralize all your product content, connect it to your consumers everywhere they are, and automate processes to efficiently deliver the best possible product experiences. Learn More PXM for Retailers To succeed on the physical shelf, you need to win on the digital shelf. But to drive continued business growth amid a constantly changing digital shelf, you must onboard a growing volume of suppliers, validate an expanding variety of data, and automate for increasingly volatile market complexity. Learn More Unify Your PXM Strategy Salsify provides the industry’s only unified PXM platform that was purpose-built to help you drive growth, improve efficiency, and ultimately achieve digital shelf leadership. PXM Platform Salsify’s unified PXM platform brings together the abilities to centralize, connect, and automate product content to help you improve efficiency, drive growth, and become a digital shelf leader in your category. LEARN MORE PXM Network The PXM Network is the industry’s only unified, continuously adaptive product content syndication network, consisting of brands and retailers of all sizes, regions, and verticals. The PXM Network automates collaboration and breaks down silos to deliver product experiences that win on the digital shelf. LEARN MORE SXM Platform for Retailers Salsify’s unified Supplier Experience Management (SXM) platform automates the complexity of onboarding and validating product content from your suppliers so you can improve efficiency, drive growth, and ultimately achieve omnichannel leadership in your category. LEARN MORE Salsify Resources Explore our vast collection of resources to uncover expert tips, upcoming trends, and actionable insights to help you stand out on the digital shelf. Select a Topic Case Study Event Guide On-Demand Webinar Report Video On-Demand Webinar Salsify’s Advance Platform Is Here Join our webinar on March 20, 2024, at 12 p.m. EST for a deep dive into Salsify’s new PXM Advance platform. Register Report Salsify Named a Leader in Product Information Management (PIM) Explore the latest trends in PIM with The Forrester Wave™: Product Information Management, Q4 2023 Report, and learn why Salsify was named a “Leader.” Read Report Report Salsify 2024 Consumer Research Report Salsify’s “2024 Consumer Research” report will help you expertly navigate the intricate pathways of the modern buying journey and stay ahead of trends. Read Report Video What Is PXM? | At the Whiteboard Salsify What is PXM? Rob Gonzalez, Salsify co-founder and CMO, answers this question in the latest At the Whiteboard video. WATCH NOW Toolkit The Ultimate Ecommerce Holiday Toolkit Download the ultimate ecommerce holiday toolkit to get everything you need to win this holiday season, including a holiday strategy guide, holiday prep checklist, and 2023 shopping trend report. DOWNLOAD TOOLKIT Case Study The Kraft Heinz Company Manages Product Content Optimization for More Than 3,000 SKUs Learn how The Kraft Heinz Company completed product content optimization for more than 3,000 SKUs and increased digital shelf efficiency. Read Case Study Demo Salsify PIM: On-Demand Demo Watch our on-demand Salsify Product Information Management (PIM) solution demo to see how it connects consumers with engaging shopping experiences. Watch Demo No Results Found. A Recognized Industry Leader Salsify is changing how brands and retailers do business online, and these contributions are gaining recognition beyond our customers. See Salsify in Action Whether you’re a brand manufacturer, retailer, or distributor, you can only truly understand how Salsify can help you transform your business until you’ve seen how it can deliver relevant product information. Also of Interest What Is PXM? PXM for Brands PXM for Retailers What Is the Digital Shelf? SOLUTIONS For Brands Centralize Connect Automate For Retailers Onboard Validate Automate Services Support PRODUCTS PXM Product Experience Management PIM Syndication Enhanced Content GDSN Data Pool Grocery Accelerator Digital Shelf Analytics Catalog Sites Automation and AI PXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM App Center SXM Supplier Experience Management Supplier Onboarding Product Listing Content Enrichment Automation SXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM Network Syndication Network Enhanced Content Network Commerce Platform Integrations GDSN Data Pool Open Catalog PARTNERS Solution Partners Find a Solution Partner Become a Solution Partner Technology Partners Find a Technology Partner Become a Technology Partner Retail Partners COMPANY About Executive Team Press Digital Shelf Institute SKUvantage Careers Contact Request Demo RESOURCES Resource Library Salsify Blog Webinars Events Engineering Blog Knowledge Base API Glossary What Is a PIM Solution? What Is PXM? What Is PXM? What Is PXM? PXM for Brands PXM for Retailers What Is the Digital Shelf? Solutions For Brands Centralize Connect Automate For Retailers Onboard Validate Automate Products PXM Product Experience Management Overview PIM Syndication Enhanced Content Catalog Sites Automation and AI Digital Shelf Analytics GDSN Grocery Accelerator PXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM App Center SXM Supplier Experience Management Overview Supplier Onboarding Product Listing Content Enrichment Automation SXM Platform, Integrations, and APIs PXM Network Overview Syndication Network Enhanced Content Network Commerce Platform Integrations GDSN Open Catalog Services Support Partners Solution Partners Find a Solution Partner Become a Solution Partner Technology Partners Find a Technology Partner Become a Technology Partner Retail Partners Company About Executive Team Press Digital Shelf Institute SKUvantage Careers Contact Request Demo Resources Resource Library Blog Webinars Events Engineering Blog Knowledge Base API Glossary What Is a PIM Solution? What Is PXM? Copyright © 2024 Salsify. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service Security Sitemap Glossary