ECMWF | Advancing global NWP through international collaboration menu help_outline help_outline Help login Log in search account_circle Main navigation Home About Forecasts Computing Research Learning Publications Main navigation Advancing global NWP through international collaboration Visibility Base Time: Tue 05 Mar 2024 00 UTC T+0 Valid time: Tue 05 Mar 2024 00 UTC Visibility relates to the transparency of the atmosphere, and how far the eye can see. It is affected by many factors, such as mist, fog, dust and haze. Predicting near-surface visibility is very challenging as it depends on the dynamic and thermodynamic conditions in the lowest layers of the atmosphere, and how these interact with surface features like hills, valleys and water bodies. This visibility diagnostic is an experimental product and should be used with caution. Click the middle icon to the bottom right for the (non-linear) visibility scale. View all chartschevron_right Science blog Science blog Read our blog for a scientist’s perspective on different areas of ECMWF’s work. Recent posts cover the rise of machine learning in weather forecasting, the European heatwave of 2023, and heat stress. 13 November 2023 Visit our Media Centrechevron_right News Three-year Copernicus CO2 project concludes ambitious programme The three-year ECMWF-coordinated project for a prototype system for a Copernicus CO2 service (CoCO2) to monitor anthropogenic CO2 emissions worldwide has concluded its ambitious programme successfully. 05 March 2024 News ECMWF releases a much larger open dataset ECMWF now provides a much larger open dataset to the public, representing weather forecasts at a higher resolution and a reduction in some release times, after a first set of data was made available in early 2022. 29 February 2024 In Focus Plans for high-resolution forecast (HRES) and ensemble forecast (ENS) control run Since ECMWF medium-range ensemble (ENS) and high-resolution (HRES) forecasts now have the same horizontal resolution, we plan to stop using the term ‘HRES’. Find out about the time frame for this change. 05 March 2024 Forecast charts and data We provide current forecasts, climate reanalyses and specific datasets. These are available via the web, point-to-point dissemination, data servers and broadcasting. Charts Datasets Quality of our forecasts Documentation Access to forecasts Datasets Forecasts, analyses, climate re-analyses, reforecasts and multi-model data are available from our archive (MARS) or via dedicated data servers or via point-to-point dissemination. Accessing forecasts Researchers, WMO members, commercial users and satellite data providers can gain access to ECMWF forecast products under one of our various license agreement types. AIFS Blog It's rain(ing) data We provide an update on the AIFS, including the addition of precipitation fields and open AIFS data for all. 4 March 2024 Serving meteorology International collaboration is fundamental to the work of ECMWF, working with the EU and the meteorological community at large, including the World Meteorological Organization, space agencies, and scientists around the world. Serving meteorologychevron_right Contributing to European Programmes Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S) Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) Copernicus Emergency Management Service (CEMS) Destination Earth Working with space agencies Observations Satellite data monitoring Supporting WMO programmes World Meteorological Centre Data archives Severe weather forecasting Workshops and education Education is a key element of our work at ECMWF, enabling our partners to get the most from ECMWF's services and develop an advanced understanding of forecasting. Training Workshops Seminars Education material March 5 – 6 3rd Global Flood Forecasting and Monitoring Meeting March 4 – 8 Training course: Data assimilation March 11 – 15 Training course: EUMETSAT/ECMWF NWP-SAF satellite data assimilation 21 March Webinar: Using the European Weather Cloud to download data from the EUMETSAT Data Access Services March 18 – 22 Training course: Machine learning for weather prediction April 11 – 12 ECMWF DestinE Annual Meeting April 10 – 12 5th workshop on waves and wave-coupled processes May 7 – 10 ESA – ECMWF Workshop on Machine Learning for Earth Observation and Prediction ECMWF workshops are open to the worldwide meteorological community, though some training is restricted to member states. Full calendar of eventschevron_right expand_less expand_more About Who we are What we do Jobs Media centre Suppliers Location Forecasts Charts Datasets Quality of our forecasts About our forecasts Access to forecasts Computing Our facilities Access to computing facilities Software Service status Research Data assimilation Modelling and Prediction Climate reanalysis Projects Special Projects Learning Training Workshops Seminars Education material eLearning Publications Newsletter Technical memoranda Reports IFS documentation © European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts © ECMWF Footer link Accessibility Privacy Terms of use Contact