BedBooking - reservation calendar, vacation rental software , pms Functionalities(current) Mobile reception Transparent views of calendars, reservations, and payments. Everything at hand, online and offline. On multiple devices at the same time. OTA integration Synchronization of available rooms and price list with online booking portals such as Booking.com, Airbnb, and many others. Intelligent assistant and communication with guests Essential tools to save time and improve the quality of service. Occupancy statistics and financial reports Check how you can improve the profitability of your accommodation facility. Track occupancy statistics and financial reports. Booking calendar for the website A convenient and independent sales channel for your accommodation.new Employee Module Pricing Help Center Blog Contact EN ES DE FR EL IT PL PT-PT RU Log in Register DO YOU RENT ACCOMMODATION? Manage apartments using the BedBooking reservation calendar CREATE A FREE ACCOUNT SEE HOW IT'S WORKING Just download the appSTART TODAY There’s no need for us to convince you of how BedBooking helps with the management of an accommodation facility. Check out full functionality within the trial period. Test without any obligations for 30 days on multiple platforms and devices. Your channel manager to manage reservations. Mobile reception – on the go, while shopping, or while working at home. You always have bookings and payments at hand – also offline. With one click you can check the availability of free rooms on the selected date and make a reservation for the calling customer. Automate your work with message templates and say goodbye to mistakes once and for all. Always have a quick response to an inquiry about a date or price. MORE INFORMATION PMS channel manager – scale your business and grow. Increase your reach. Connect the reservation calendar with Booking.com, Airbnb, and other OTA booking portals. Save time on manually retyping reservations and protect yourself from overbooking. Enjoy an independent sales channel. Place a booking calendar on your website or sell directly via social media. No commissions and no intermediaries. Take care of an autonomous online sales tool and handle everything from one place. MORE INFORMATION Save hundreds of hours and earn more. The intelligent facility management assistant will improve your work. Keep track of all the most important events and always have everything under control. Based on the entered data, we will remind you about the date of payment, arrivals, departures, and room cleaning. Manage more efficiently. BedBooking provides access to reservations on all devices: phones, tablets, and computers – no matter if you use multiple devices yourself or run a business together with friends, family, workers, or business partners. MORE INFORMATION SEE HOW IT’S WORKSCheck out how BedBooking works More than 140 000 people have benefited from using reservations app BedBooking. Check out why it’s worth joining them. Do you know that… The BedBooking calendar app is rated very well by the travel industry. The mobile application received the main prize in the Tech Travel Award competition. It is also appreciated by users – 9 out of 10 people recommend using BedBooking calendar. Every day, BedBooking helps thousands of small and medium-sized hosts around the world “We want to support hosts and owners of accommodation facilities in their daily work. That is why we have been developing BedBooking for over 8 years. We receive positive feedback almost every day. They clearly show that thanks to our application, managers around the world serve their clients even more professionally and can focus on what is really important in their business. This is our motivation and commitment” Regardless of whether you run an agritourism, hotel, hostel, campsite, or car rental, from now on you have all your financial data at hand. 0,037$ AVERAGE RESERVATION COST 7 466 884+ SERVICED RESERVATIONS 24 LANGUAGE VERSIONS 10 YEARS IN THE TOURISM INDUSTRY 145 545 MOBILE APPLICATION DOWNLOADS Are you ready to try the BedBooking reservation calendar? Every day, BedBooking helps thousands of small and medium-sized hosts around the world. Get started for free and without any obligation. All you need is an email address. CREATE A FREE ACCOUNT Most-rated app in its category in Google Play store with 4.7/5 average user rating. ★★★★★ The best app i ever used for hotel use, it has also financial report to see all your profits and diagrams to see the percentage of the bookings. Everything you think you gonna need for a hotel is at this app totally recommend it! 😍 -Mike So ★★★★★ Outstanding app for small and large businesses alike. I like the UI. It is intuitive and simple and the app provides all manners of numbers already crunched. Good to go -Shams Kabir ★★★★★ Simple to use. Basic app to keep track of all your rental dates, who has put down a deposit, who has paid in full, who needs to pay. Sends a reminder when it’s time for them to pay. I love it! -Jane Bauder ★★★★★ I run my small pet boarding with this app. Initially I used calender but this app does my calculations and best way it helps me secure my data with my acc. -Varun Baligae ★★★★★ An absolute essential for any business providing accommodations. -Duncann Slade ★★★★★ Couldn’t live without BedBooking… simply the best! -Maria Hanson ★★★★★ The app improved a lot with the last update. Very useful for me. -Manualbasic ★★★★★ Have been using bed booking for past 6 months. Perfect App for hotel management. -Lot 48 Cheng ★★★★★ This is a great app I love the functionality of it. I use to manage my rental vehicles and it does the job just fine. The features are very helpful and the user interface is easy to use. My only query is that I wish I could have change how the reservation appears to a full day so instead of it showing part of a day and part of a next just that one day is highlighted but it works now so it’s fine with me -Buker Boi Rentals ★★★★★ It helps me with all my bookings, I only use the free version with is fine for my needs a great platform -Teena Bush ★★★★★ We tried various systems for running our small lodge. This was the best we could find in terms of functionality that meets our needs and cost. It has been very reliable and has been continually updated and improved by the developer. Recommended -Nick Roberts ★★★★★ Have been using this app for my small caravan park in Australia, great life saver for me -Oscar@gulparetreat ★★★★★ I trust this application, now 5 years i am using it -Mazaj ChaletsOUR BLOGLast blog posts BedBooking news New reservation system from BedBooking. What’s new? The new reservation system enables effective direct sale of accommodation, even if you do not have your own website. 25/06/2021 Airbnb Why you should list your property on Airbnb Learn about the benefits of listing your property on Airbnb, who it is for, and why it’s worth it. 13/10/2021 Marketing 7 ways of low-budget marketing in the accommodation business One of the most frequently asked questions by owners of accommodation facilities is how to conduct marketing in the tourism industry. Today we are going to discuss 7 methods of inexpensive marketing for an accommodation facility. 07/09/2022 Go to the blogJust download the appSTART TODAY There’s no need for us to convince you of how BedBooking helps with the management of an accommodation facility. Check out full functionality within the trial period. Test without any obligations for 30 days on multiple platforms and devices. BedBooking sp. z o.o.Esperantystów 1758-100 ŚwidnicaPolandNIP: 8842785023REGON: 368536161D-U-N-S®: 439338326 SOLUTIONS Mobile reception OTA integration Intelligent assistant and communication with guests Occupancy statistics and financial reports Booking calendar on the website newFIRST STEPS Homepage Register account Help Center PricingMORE Blog About us For developersCOMPANY Terms of Service Privacy policy Cookies policy Discount codes terms and conditions Contact BedBooking Sp. z o.o. implements a project co-financed by European Funds - "Revolving subsidy for BedBooking Sp. z o.o. under the Intelligent Development Operational Program.© 2021 BedBooking - Mobile booking calendar and property management system. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve and facilitate access to the website and to store statistical data. By continuing to use this website, you accept this state of affairs. Privacy policy I understand