Clark University | Challenge Convention. Change Our World. Skip to content Clark University Students New Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Visit Give Quick Links ClarkYOU Login Courses and Schedules Academic Calendar Office Directory People Directory Campus Maps and Directions Clark Transportation Go to ClarkU homepage. Open mobile navigation menus. Who We Are Click to open menu. A rich history and unwavering commitment to a better future.Who we Are Fast Facts Our Mission History and Traditions President and Leadership Diversity and Inclusion Our Campus and Location Worcester Annual Events Public Information People Directory Related Links Click to open menu. Campus Map and Directions ClarkNow News Hub Media Relations Expert Sources Schools and Departments Office Directory Admissions Click to open menu. To really know Clark, you have to see it for yourself.Undergraduate Admissions Apply Request Information Cost and Financial Aid Campus Visits Virtual Visits Interviews Find Your Counselor Our Process and Timeline Related Links Click to open menu. Transfer Student Admissions International Student Admissions Info for School Counselors Athletic Recruitment First-Year Experience Our Campus and Location Academics Click to open menu. Shape an education matching your passions with your ambitions.Academics Areas of Study / Degree Programs Accelerated Degree Programs Undergraduate Curriculum Research Our Faculty First-Year Experience Undergraduate Advising Fellowships and Scholarships Schools and Departments Science Facilities and Labs Related Links Click to open menu. Library Academic Catalog Academic Calendar Courses and Schedules Registrar’s Office Academic Affairs Office of Sponsored Programs and Research Life at Clark Click to open menu. Live well, eat well, and get involved in our community of Clarkies.Life at Clark Student Success Campus Living Dining on Campus Clark Transportation Health and Wellness Campus Events Calendar Student Clubs and Organizations Athletics and Recreation The Arts at Clark Clark Esports Related Links Click to open menu. Diversity and Inclusion First-Year Experience Annual Events Student Resources Worcester Career Experience Click to open menu. A Clark education prepares you for a life and career on your terms.Career Experience Internships Career Exploration Success After Clark Related Links Click to open menu. Career Connections Center Handshake ClarkCONNECT Graduate Education Click to open menu. Join a community committed to transformational research.Graduate Education Graduate Admissions Tuition and Scholarships Visit and Connect Graduate Student Life Accepted Students International Students Graduate Academics Graduate Programs Ph.D. Programs Schools and Departments Graduate Research Career Outcomes Related Links Click to open menu. Our Faculty Libraries Academic Catalog Academic Calendar Courses and Schedules Academic Affairs Diversity and Inclusion Resources Quick Links ClarkYOU Login Courses and Schedules Academic Calendar Office Directory People Directory Campus Maps and Directions Clark Transportation Info For Students New Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni Visit Give Enter a search query. Submit Search Query Open Search Input Popular Searches registrar academic calendar courses student accounts human resources library study abroad clarkyou bookstore campus map handshake Featured Sites Explore Areas of StudyVisit Our International Center Open Search Bar Close Search Bar ‘The beauty of failure is perfection’ Professor and sculptor James Maurelle shares his thoughts on the importance of connecting to the tactile world and why everyone deserves the right to fail, to grow, and develop. On art and life Trending at Clark What does it mean to be masculine? Psychology Professor Michael Addis explains how to think about masculinity as a performance that reinforces societal norms and discusses the impacts on mental health. Challenge. Change. Podcast The expression of love and belonging Wynne Dromey ’25, a double major in studio art and marketing, discusses the inspiration for her painting, Embrace, and having the power to create. Watch the video Black History Month 2024 Clark celebrates through a series of alumni panels, pop-up markets, and lectures this February around the theme of “African Americans and the Arts”. Join us Latest news Upcoming events Altogether different for the greater good Clark is built for the kind of unconventional and independent thinking that allows us to value the imperfect and navigate the unexpected. We move through the world with confidence and curiosity, eager to discover what awaits and emboldened to act when our moment arises. WHO WE ARE AcademicsGain a world-class education grounded in both intellectual rigor and an urgent responsibility to elevate our fellow humans. Explore majors Browse undergraduate programs and learn about the experiential learning, study abroad, and accelerated degree options that make us different. Find your program Graduate degree programs Our globally recognized graduate programs will enable you to contribute to new knowledge and positive action in your chosen field. Make your mark Meet the faculty Clark faculty are scholar-teachers who bring students into their research. Explore their work 9:1 Student-to-faculty ratio In the classroom 65% First year students receive need-based financial aid Affordability 100% Students complete an internship or experiential learning Hands-on 64 Majors, minors, and concentrations Majors and minors Discovery and Impact We think differently. We ask hard and good questions. We break down barriers to new knowledge and positive action. Could traditional knowledge hold the answer to feeding the world? Researchers are examining whether the diverse grain mixtures developed by Ethiopian farmers could offer a climate-resilient solution to global food insecurity. Tradition meets innovation Sustainable cities How can migrants help cities become more sustainable? Geospatial analytics What can we do with 250,000 terabytes of satellite data? Creative arts Why do the operas of Puccini still resonate? Climate and Global Change What do the mating rituals of dung beetles have to do with species expansion? Political Science What can Euripides teach us about the role of grief and rage in contemporary society? Climate and Global Change How do warming seawaters impact marine algae growth and marine ecosystems? AdmissionsClarkies are curious about the world and their place in it. We put our knowledge into action to make a difference. Undergraduate studies We want to get to know you, what inspires you, and the ways you’ll enrich the Clark community. The right fit Graduate studies Join a community of world-class scholars researching solutions to address the challenges facing the world. Your next step International students You are welcome here. Our shared understanding is broadened by the perspectives you bring to our campus. Share your world view 97% Of undergraduate alumni employed, volunteering, or in school six months after graduation Success after Clark 4,148 Students enrolled: 2,372 Undergraduate, 1,776 Graduate At a glance Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions Experience for yourself what it’s like to study at a small research university with a strong liberal arts core. VISIT APPLY Still curious? Contact us to request more information. Experience for yourself what it’s like to study at a small research university with a strong liberal arts core. Inquire Apply Snapshot of campus life Clark’s annual mental wellness event provides a chance for students to come together, reflect, and connect. Photo essay Apply Undergrad Apply Grad Give Contact Us Helpful Links Helpful Links Report a Concern Campus Safety Events Offices Employment Website Feedback Follow Us See more of us on Facebook See more of us on Twitter See more of us on Instagram See more of us on TikTok See more of us on YouTube See more of us on LinkedIn See more of us on Threads Return to Clark University Homepage Challenge Convention. Change Our World. 508-793-7711 950 Main Street Worcester, MA 01610 Copyright © 2024 Clark University Public Information | Privacy Policy | Website Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy We use cookies on our website to offer a better browsing experience, analyze web traffic and personalize content. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy. Accept and Continue