College of LSA | U-M LSA Skip to Content U-M // LSA // Departments and Units // Majors and Minors // LSA Course Guide // LSA Gateway Submit Site Search Search Search: {{$root.lsaSearchQuery.q}}, Page {{$root.page}} previous | next About Academics Research Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion News and Events Support LSA for Prospective Students Current Students Alumni and Friends Faculty and Staff U-M LSA Departments and Units Majors and Minors LSA Course Guide LSA Gateway Course Catalog Give Online Keyword Search of en About Academics Research Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion News and Events Support LSA Course Catalog Give Online Search: {{$root.lsaSearchQuery.q}}, Page {{$root.page}} previous | next for Prospective Students Current Students Alumni and Friends Faculty and Staff LSA 101: Info for Admitted Students Learn what it means to be a Wolverine and dig in to what the liberal arts are all about. View our presentations and information from wherever you are. Undergraduate Graduate Transfer International Student Life Admissions Student Stories Outcomes and Possibilities LSA delivers a purposeful, pragmatic liberal arts education that employers respect and seek out. Undergraduate Graduate Transfer Education Academic Advising Outcomes and Possibilities Meet the Moment Discover how LSA is meeting the moment by tackling the world’s most daunting problems, reinvigorating liberal arts education and research, and making it more equitable and relevant than ever. Get Connected Get Involved Get Informed Meet the Moment College Connections Staff Achievement Awards Program This is an annual opportunity to acknowledge and celebrate exceptional staff contributions to the success of the College . Information regarding eligibility, nomination, selection, notification, and winners can be found here. Budget and Finance Chairs and Directors Facilities and Operations Faculty Academic Affairs Graduate Education Human Resources LSA Advancement LSA DEI Office Office of the Dean Professional Development Security and Safety Standard Practice Guide Student Academic Affairs Technology Services Undergraduate Education Why LSA? The possibilities and opportunities are endless. Explore Featured News All News An Eye for the Real and True The future film editor Jay Cassidy created a documentary treasure of late ’60s photographs. Read More A New Generation of Scientists U-M alum and professor Kate Biberdorf, aka “Kate the Chemist,” sets fire to stereotypes. Read More All News Show your Support We strive to support the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts on the front lines of learning and research; to steward our planet, our community, our campus. To do this, LSA needs your support. Learn More Give Online Get Connected LSA Facebook LSA Twitter DEI 2.0 Strategic Plan The LSA DEI 2.0 Strategic Plan builds upon college initiatives to increase access to higher education, improve policies to support equity, support DEI knowledge, and support career development. The plan was formed using input and recommendations from LSA students, staff, and faculty. Learn What’s New Student Experience Tag along with current students as they walk through a day in their life at LSA. While every LSA experience is unique, all students have opportunities to explore what interests them the most. Experience Student Life Ready to Meet the Moment? Big challenges take big ideas and bold approaches. Discover how LSA is meeting the moment of our time and tackling the issues that need us now. Read On and Join In LSA Legacy Match Challenge Increase the value of your planned gift to the college and make an impact right away. The opportunity to match your gift won’t last forever, so jump in and make a difference now AND in the future. Learn More Spotlight on LSA All News 1963 was one of the most significant years of the Civil Rights Era. Our writers crafted a series of stories throughout last year to mark the 60th anniversary of that year and the echoes of that era that we still hear today. What has changed? What hasn't? And what did Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech mean to one little girl in Detroit? A Lifelong Dream A Lifelong Dream Elizabeth James was just a toddler when her grandmother took her to a march in Detroit where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. would deliver the “I Have a Dream” speech for the first time. More Info 1963: A Year of Change and Reflection 1963: A Year of Change and Reflection LSA Professor Alford A. Young Jr. shares his thoughts on 1963 and how that year was a monumental shift for African Americans and work opportunities. More Info 1963: Everyday Work 1963: Everyday Work Asst. Prof. SaraEllen Strongman reflects on 1963, a momentous year for the Civil Rights Movement, and how this history shaped the future of Black feminist activism. More Info 1963: The Power of All 1963: The Power of All LSA Professor Matthew Countryman discusses how ordinary people can do extraordinary things when they come together for a cause. More Info All News LSA Magazine FALL 2023 Art and Resistance The arts shape cultural and political narratives, challenge dominant regimes, bring joy and comfort, shape our lives. Late-night book writing, a platform for once-unheard voices of slaves, a re-envisioning of what it means to be a dancer—in all of these ways and many more, the arts have the power to change hearts and minds. To embolden new voices. To bring about peace and to shine a light on tumult. To reflect. To resist. Read Full Magazine Information for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Friends More about LSA About LSA How Do I Apply? News LSA Magazine Give Maps Student Resources Courses Academic Advising Majors and Minors Departments and Units Global Studies LSA Opportunity Hub Connect Social Media Update Contact Info Contact Us Privacy Statement Report Feedback © 2024 Regents of the University of Michigan