Chicago Sun-Times: Chicago news, sports, politics, entertainment clock CST_ The Hardest-Working Paper in America | Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Subscriber | Log out | Manage Account Log In | Get Home Delivery Donate Menu News Elections Voter Guide Crime Politics Metro/State Money Immigration The Watchdogs Education Health LGBTQIA+ Transportation Environment La Voz Sports Bears High School Sports Outdoors Cubs White Sox Sky / WNBA Bulls Blackhawks College Sports Fire / Red Stars Wolves Golf Sports Media NASCAR Sports Saturday Politics Elections Voter Guide Candidate Questionnaires City Hall Fran Spielman Show Washington At the Table Springfield City Council Directory PolitiFact Democracy Solutions Project Commentary Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Other Views Life & Culture Horoscopes Dear Abby Movies and TV Things To Do Someone In Chicago Starting Over with Mary Mitchell Murals and Mosaics Tattoo Art Series Taste Music Theater Well Chicago History Chicago-pedia Books Obituaries View Death Notices Place a Death Notice Classifieds View Death Notices Place a Death Notice View Classified Ads Place a Classified Ad Find a Job Post a Job Opening View Small Business Ad Place Small Business Ad View Legal Notices Place a Legal Notice E-Paper More Get Home Delivery Manage home delivery account Newsletters About Us Obituaries Events Podcasts En Español Sun-Times Archives Photo Archive Contact the Sun-Times Manage TV Weekly account Right to be Forgotten Work With Us Back issues & photo reprints Donate Your Car twitter facebook youtube instagram News Elections Voter Guide Crime Politics Metro/State Money Immigration The Watchdogs Education Health LGBTQIA+ Transportation Environment La Voz Sports Bears High School Sports Outdoors Cubs White Sox Sky / WNBA Bulls Blackhawks College Sports Fire / Red Stars Wolves Golf Sports Media NASCAR Sports Saturday Politics Elections Voter Guide Candidate Questionnaires City Hall Fran Spielman Show Washington At the Table Springfield City Council Directory PolitiFact Democracy Solutions Project Commentary Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Other Views Life & Culture Horoscopes Dear Abby Movies and TV Things To Do Someone In Chicago Starting Over with Mary Mitchell Murals and Mosaics Tattoo Art Series Taste Music Theater Well Chicago History Chicago-pedia Books Obituaries View Death Notices Place a Death Notice Classifieds View Death Notices Place a Death Notice View Classified Ads Place a Classified Ad Find a Job Post a Job Opening View Small Business Ad Place Small Business Ad View Legal Notices Place a Legal Notice E-Paper More Get Home Delivery Manage home delivery account Newsletters About Us Obituaries Events Podcasts En Español Sun-Times Archives Photo Archive Contact the Sun-Times Manage TV Weekly account Right to be Forgotten Work With Us Back issues & photo reprints Donate Your Car twitter facebook youtube instagram Show Search Search Query Search Personal Finance $56K for a wedding? It’s the average cost in Chicago but not for these creative couples Despite the price hikes due to inflation, wedding planners and couples shared that it’s still possible to pull off a dream wedding and stay within budget. By Olivia Dimmer | For the Sun-Times Transportation CTA driver, passenger rescue 14 residents from burning South Shore homes Driver Anastasios Adamopoulos and a passenger hopped off his bus about 2 a.m. Monday and woke residents in two homes that were on fire. “The flames were reaching for the heavens.” By Emmanuel Camarillo White Sox White Sox, Bears discussing ‘financing partnership’ for two stadiums, developer says Education CPS parents rally in the Loop seeking improved special education programs Elections Supreme Court ruling keeps Trump on Illinois ballot High School Basketball Monday’s IHSA supersectional high school basketball scores Commentary The opinions in and around Chicago that inform, analyze, hold power accountable and entertain. Read More Rick Telander Sports columnist Farewell to my old friend Ryan Field; hello to the new reality of college football Sarah Stonbely If you live in a lower-income or rural area, you’re probably in a news desert Ismael Pérez Columnist, audience specialist Someone in Chicago wants you to watch out for blind people CST Editorial Board Don’t throw out those lithium-ion batteries in your household trash Politics Entertainment and Culture DCASE leadership still in flux as city braces for start of festival season First deputy commissioner Jennifer Johnson Washington temporarily will fill role of departing commissioner Erin Harkey at Chicago’s Cultural Affairs Department. By Courtney Kueppers | WBEZ and Mitch Dudek Abortion First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins shipping to stores Elections Early and ‘optimistic': Turnout surge predicted as early voting spreads to more than 100 Cook County sites Elections Supreme Court ruling keeps Trump on Illinois ballot Education CPS parents rally in the Loop seeking improved special education programs Voter Guide 2024 Candidate questionnaires Latest election news How to vote in the March 19 primary Sports Cubs Cubs’ Cody Bellinger to make Cactus League debut as DH Wednesday Bellinger played in a simulated game Monday, facing right-hander Jameson Taillon and lefty Thomas Pannone to prepare for his first spring game. By Maddie Lee College Sports Farewell to my old friend Ryan Field; hello to the new reality of college football Bears Bears, top CB Jaylon Johnson approach franchise-tag deadline with no deal in place Blackhawks Connor Bedard dialing up physicality while Blackhawks opponents do the same against him White Sox White Sox hitting coach Marcus Thames keeps it simple in spring: ‘Swing at good pitches’ Entertainment and culture Taste Parachute restaurant going on ‘hiatus’ after 10 years The critically acclaimed Chicago eatery helmed by Beverly Kim and Johnny Clark will be closing by the end of the month, but will re-emerge with a new concept at an undetermined future date. By Miriam Di Nunzio Entertainment and Culture DCASE leadership still in flux as city braces for start of festival season Movies and TV ‘The Program,’ riveting Netflix doc, goes inside troubled-teen academy that treated students like prisoners Dance ‘Atonement,’ ‘Alice in Wonderland’ among the Joffrey Ballet’s upcoming season Food and Restaurants Popular Mediterranean restaurant Cava to open in Wicker Park All latest stories Crime Man fatally shot in Austin The man, 28, was dropped off at West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, where he was pronounced dead. By Sun-Times Wire Other Views Going electric in new buildings is a matter of environmental justice Burning gas in our homes for heating and cooking poses significant health risks, especially for Black and brown communities, a Chicago pastor writes. By Scott Onqué Dear Abby Dear Abby: Morning calls from his ailing mother upset my husband The daily conversations cause him pain that is affecting life for his wife, and even his dog. By Abigail Van Buren Outdoors An unmatched pair of big shed antlers found in McHenry County. Bob Jeffries found two unmatched shed antlers while scouting in McHenry County. By Dale Bowman Horoscopes Horoscope for Tuesday, March 5, 2024 By Georgia Nicols Blackhawks Blackhawks shut out by Avalanche again as Caleb Jones bests brother Caleb Jones, who has landed in Colorado as a depth defenseman, came out on top in his first NHL matchup against Seth Jones as the Avalanche beat the Hawks 5-0 for the second time in a week. By Ben Pope High School Basketball Phillips beats undefeated Beecher, advances to state for the first time in 47 years The Wildcats meet Williamsville (25-9) in the 2A semifinals at 2 p.m. Thursday at State Farm Center in Champaign. By Mike Clark Weather Chicago just misses a record-high temperature as it celebrates its 187th birthday O’Hare recorded a high of 72 degrees Monday, one degree shy of the record set in 1983, according to NWS meteorologist Rafal Ogorek. Rockford did break its March 4 record of 71 degrees in 1983 with a high of 75 degrees. By Violet Miller High School Basketball Homewood-Flossmoor surges back in the fourth quarter to beat Curie and secure a place in Champaign Homewood-Flossmoor and Curie have been the two best teams in the state for the entire season. The highly-anticipated matchup brought a large crowd to UIC and the teams did not disappoint. By Michael O’Brien Bulls Bulls looking to upsize on West Coast trip with Torrey Craig’s return The versatile forward has been sidelined since the All-Star break with a sprained right knee, but he showed significant signs Monday of returning sooner than later. By Joe Cowley White Sox White Sox’ Michael Soroka pleased with first outing of spring Michael Soroka threw two innings of one-run ball Monday against the Diamondbacks. By Daryl Van Schouwen Crime Man wounded in Back of the Yards shooting Shortly before 5 p.m. Monday, an 18-year-old man was in a car in the 5100 block of South Wolcott Avenue when he was shot in the face, police said. He was taken to Stroger Hospital in fair condition. By Sun-Times Wire Cubs Cubs injury updates: Patrick Wisdom, Brennen Davis slowed Ian Happ (strained left hamstring) played catch Monday. By Maddie Lee Sports Media CW26 will simulcast Marquee’s broadcast of Cubs game March 12 Marquee will use the game as a promotional tool, and Weigel will make it known that it’s available to air local teams’ games. By Jeff Agrest Afternoon Edition Afternoon Edition: Support for beloved skate park rehab ramps up Plus: Filling the Chicago Spire hole, early voting in all 50 wards begins and more. By Matt Moore Dear Abby Dear Abby: A stranger short on cash expected me to cover bill Checkout lane at grocery store came to a halt as everyone waited for one customer to cover another’s shortfall. By Abigail Van Buren NFL Eagles’ Jason Kelce retires after 13 NFL seasons and 1 Super Bowl ring Kelce ends a career in which he became not only one of the great centers of his era who played a key role in the franchise’s lone Super Bowl championship but a beloved Philly personality and popular podcast host. By Associated Press Letters to the Editor Six months in, the Pretrial Fairness Act is working Since the law’s implementation, the jail populations in several counties have decreased because people are no longer being held because they can’t afford to bail themselves out. By Letters to the Editor Food and Restaurants Beyond Meat hopes a healthier plant-based burger will combat falling US sales The new Beyond Burger patties and Beyond Beef grounds cut saturated fat by 60% by switching from canola and coconut oils to avocado oil. By Dee-Ann Durbin | AP Business Writer Crime Teen suspect in fatal South Loop shooting released without charges The 14-year-old boy was identified by a witness as the person who fired shots during a teen gathering Saturday, police said. By Mary Norkol Sponsored A Chicago Guide to St. Patrick’s Day Celebrations with Keeper’s Heart Whiskey By Sun-Times Marketing Transportation JetBlue, Spirit ending $3.8B deal to combine after court ruling blocked their merger JetBlue said even though both companies believe in the benefits of a combination, they felt they were unlikely to meet the required closing conditions before a July 24 deadline. By David Koenig | AP and Michelle Chapman | AP Obituaries Chris Mortensen, ESPN’s award-winning NFL reporter, dies at 72 Mortensen announced in 2016 that he he had been diagnosed with throat cancer. By Associated Press 1 dead in shooting on Stevenson Expressway near Chinatown One person was taken to a nearby hospital and pronounced dead, Illinois State Police said. By Sun-Times Wire News Armed robberies prompt increased police presence on North Side The 40th and 48th Wards and surrounding neighborhoods may notice more officers, police helicopter. By Sun-Times Wire Politics Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack The justices ruled a day before the Super Tuesday primaries that states, without action from Congress first, cannot invoke a post-Civil War constitutional provision to keep presidential candidates from appearing on ballots. By Associated Press Outdoors Fish of the Week goes beyond big bass at Braidwood opener Joe Kwiecinski’s big largemouth bass, caught on opening day at Braidwood Lake, earns Fish of the Week and also gives a chance to get the feel of the opener at the cooling lake. By Dale Bowman Letters to the Editor Stop the illegal sales of disposable, flavored e-cigarettes that drive up youth vaping While the Food and Drug Administration took a commendable step in 2020 by banning pod-based e-cigarettes, it neglected to impose restrictions on their disposable counterparts, creating a dangerous loophole. By Letters to the Editor Music 5 Chicago area concerts to see in March, from an experimental rapper to an indie pop reunion Veteran hitmaker Bruce Hornsby and David Bowie devotees Sons of the Silent Age are among the acts performing at smaller venues this month. By Mark Guarino | For WBEZ More Stories About Us Get Home Delivery Work With Us Media Kit Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Terms of Sale © 2024 Chicago Sun-Times Media, Inc.