Touring Plans | Disney World | Disneyland | Universal Orlando - Vacation Planning Tools TouringPlans Log In Log In Subscribe GUIDE ME THROUGH— Walt Disney World (Florida) Walt Disney World (Florida) Universal Orlando (Florida) Universal Orlando (Florida) Disneyland (California) Disneyland (California) Disney Cruise Line Disney Cruise Line Questions? Our community can help! Forums Thoughtful, engaging talk Chat Quick answers while in the parks Latest News from Our Blog About Us Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Main Menu Walt Disney World (Florida) Overview Crowd Calendar Theme Parks Theme Parks Water Parks Water Parks Touring Plans Touring Plans Disney Springs More To Do Dining Dining Hotels Hotels Transportation Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Walt Disney World (Florida) Theme Parks Theme Parks Magic Kingdom Magic Kingdom EPCOT EPCOT Hollywood Studios Hollywood Studios Animal Kingdom Animal Kingdom Early Theme Park Entry Extended Evening Hours Tickets & Park Reservations Tickets & Park Reservations Special Events Special Events Front-of-Line Services: Genie+, Individual Lightning Lane Character Greetings Rider Switch for Small Children Special Needs Guests (DAS) Live Entertainment & Show Schedules Refurbishment Schedule Lines Mobile App Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Magic Kingdom Overview Basics Attractions, Parades, & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks EPCOT Overview Basics Attractions & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Neighborhoods Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Hollywood Studios Overview Basics Attractions & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Animal Kingdom Overview Basics Attractions Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Tickets & Park Reservations Cheapest Disney Tickets Park Reservations Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Special Events Halloween Christmas EPCOT Festivals Festival of the Arts (Jan-Feb Flower & Garden (Mar-Jul) Food & Wine (Jul-Nov) Festival of the Holidays (Nov-Dec) After Hours Magic Kingdom EPCOT Hollywood Studios H2O Glow Nights-Typhoon Lagoon Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Walt Disney World (Florida) Water Parks Water Parks Typhoon Lagoon Blizzard Beach Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Walt Disney World (Florida) Touring Plans Touring Plans Basics Pre-Made Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Build-Your-Own Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Magic Kingdom EPCOT Disney's Hollywood Studios Disney's Animal Kingdom Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Walt Disney World (Florida) Dining Dining Ratings for All WDW Restaurants Overview Magic Kingdom Restaurants EPCOT Restaurants Hollywood Studios Restaurants Animal Kingdom Restaurants Disney Springs Restaurants Hotel Restaurants Reservations Tipping (Gratuities) Menu Search Disney Dining Plan Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Walt Disney World (Florida) Hotels Hotels Benefits Room Finder Compare Hotels Deluxe Resorts Deluxe Resorts Moderate Resorts Moderate Resorts Value Resorts Value Resorts Deluxe Villa Resorts Deluxe Villa Resorts Campground Resorts Campground Resorts Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Deluxe Resorts Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge (Jambo House) Disney's Beach Club Resort Disney's BoardWalk Inn Disney's Contemporary Resort Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa Disney's Polynesian Village Resort Disney's Wilderness Lodge Disney's Yacht Club Resort Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Moderate Resorts The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort Disney's Coronado Springs Resort Disney's Port Orleans Resort - French Quarter Disney's Port Orleans Resort - Riverside Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Value Resorts Disney's All-Star Movies Resort Disney's All-Star Music Resort Disney's All-Star Sports Resort Disney's Art of Animation Resort Disney's Pop Century Resort Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Deluxe Villa Resorts Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort Boulder Ridge Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge Copper Creek Villas & Cabins at Disney's Wilderness Lodge Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Jambo House Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Kidani Village Disney's Beach Club Villas Disney's BoardWalk Villas Disney's Old Key West Resort Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows Disney's Riviera Resort Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa Treehouse Villas at Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort The Villas at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Campground Resorts The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Main Menu Universal Orlando (Florida) Overview Crowd Calendar Theme Parks Theme Parks Water Parks Water Parks Touring Plans Touring Plans CityWalk More To Do Dining Dining Hotels Hotels Transportation Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Universal Orlando (Florida) Theme Parks Theme Parks Universal Studios FL Universal Studios FL Islands of Adventure Islands of Adventure Epic Universe Epic Universe Early Park Admission Tickets Special Events Special Events Front-of-Line Service: Universal Express Pass Live Entertainment & Show Schedules Refurbishment Schedule Special Needs Special Needs Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Universal Studios FL Overview Basics Attractions, Parades, & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Islands of Adventure Overview Basics Attractions Height Requirements Dining Islands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Epic Universe Overview Basics Attractions Height Requirements Dining Worlds Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Special Events Halloween Horror Nights Mardi Gras Rock the Universe Gradventure Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Special Needs Special Needs Kids and Babies Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Universal Orlando (Florida) Water Parks Water Parks Volcano Bay Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Universal Orlando (Florida) Touring Plans Touring Plans Basics Pre-Made Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Build-Your-Own Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Universal Studios Florida Universal's Islands of Adventure Universal Epic Universe Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Universal Orlando (Florida) Dining Dining Overview Universal Studios Florida Restaurants Islands of Adventure Restaurants Volcano Bay Restaurants CityWalk Restaurants Hotel Restaurants Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Universal Orlando (Florida) Hotels Hotels Benefits Hotel Basics Compare Hotels Premier Resorts Premier Resorts Prime Value Resorts Prime Value Resorts Preferred Resorts Preferred Resorts Value Resorts Value Resorts Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Premier Resorts Hard Rock Hotel Loews Portofino Bay Hotel Loews Royal Pacific Resort Universal Helios Grand Hotel Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Prime Value Resorts Universal Stella Nova Resort Universal Terra Luna Resort Universal's Aventura Hotel Universal's Cabana Bay Beach Resort Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Preferred Resorts Loews Sapphire Falls Resort Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Hotels Value Resorts Universal’s Endless Summer Resort – Dockside Inn and Suites Universal's Endless Summer Resort – Surfside Inn and Suites Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Main Menu Disneyland (California) Overview Crowd Calendar Theme Parks Theme Parks Touring Plans Touring Plans Downtown Disney More To Do Dining Dining Hotels Hotels Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Disneyland (California) Theme Parks Theme Parks Disneyland Disneyland California Adventure California Adventure Early Entry Tickets Special Events Special Events Front-of-Line Services: Genie+, Individual Lightning Lane Rider Switch Live Entertainment & Show Schedules Refurbishment Schedule Lines Mobile App Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Disneyland Overview Basics Attractions & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks California Adventure Overview Basics Attractions & Fireworks Height Requirements Dining Lands Touring Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Theme Parks Special Events Halloween Christmas Lunar New Year Food & Wine Festival Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Disneyland (California) Touring Plans Touring Plans Basics Pre-Made Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Build-Your-Own Plans Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Touring Plans Pre-Made Touring Plans Disneyland Park Disney California Adventure Park Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Disneyland (California) Dining Dining Ratings for All DLR Restaurants Overview Disneyland Restaurants California Adventure Restaurants Downtown Disney Restaurants Hotel Restaurants Reservations Menu Search Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Disneyland (California) Hotels Hotels Benefits Compare Hotels Disneyland Hotel Disney's Grand Californian Resort & Spa Pixar Place Hotel The Villas at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa The Villas at Disneyland Hotel Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Main Menu Disney Cruise Line Overview Planning Your Cruise Tips for During Your Cruise Ships Ships Dining Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Disney Cruise Line Ships Ships Dream Fantasy Magic Treasure Wish Wonder Maximize Your Magic Subscribe now to create a customized Touring Plan for everything you want to do. Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe TouringPlans Log In Log In Subscribe Top Search Maximize the Magic Save up to 4 hours in line every day of your trip! Save up to 4 hours in line every day! Your guide to plan your best Disney and Universal trip yet. We’ll point you to the least-crowded park, customize plans to hit all your favorite attractions, share insider restaurant reviews, and offer tips on how to save time and money. Subscribe Over 3,678 ratings · 4.75 on Apple App Store For only $24.97 you get a full year of access to our Disney World products that tell you when to visit, which park to visit, and how to wait less in line. Full Crowd Calendar Access helps you see the best dates to visit Walt Disney World Resort, and the best park(s) to visit for each day of your trip Crowd Tracker provides email notifications so you know immediately in any changes to the Crowd Calendar 115+ Premium Touring Plans to save you up to 4 hours each day in line while seeing the most popular attractions Up-to-the-minute mobile access with our tools available on-the-go with Lines, our mobile app, with current and future wait times for every attraction on your phone Let us guide your other trips, too We have Touring Plans and tons of information covering California’s Disneyland Resort, Florida's Universal Orlando Resort, and the Disney Cruise Line. Disneyland (CA) Universal Orlando (FL) Disney Cruise Line 45-day Money-Back Guarantee We’re sure that you’ll save time and money and have a better Disney or Universal vacation with TouringPlans.com. If you don't, at your request we'll provide a full refund within 45 days of purchase.* *Money-back guarantee is valid only for purchases made via our website. What People Are Saying About TouringPlans The book, website, and app are invaluable! I will never go on a trip without them! The book, website, and app are invaluable! I will never go on a trip without them! S Steve S April 23, 2022 Touring Plans Blog, Disney Dish podcast, and Lines Chat were essential in planning for this trip... Touring Plans Blog, Disney Dish podcast, and Lines Chat were essential in planning for this trip... J Jill P January 5, 2021 The vacation was great and the website and Unofficial Guide were a huge part of the success. The vacation was great and the website and Unofficial Guide were a huge part of the success. J Jenny A October 27, 2022 The dining reviews are very helpful, as well as the not-as-obvious information. Have recommended the book and site to several people. The dining reviews are very helpful, as well as the not-as-obvious information. Have recommended the book and site to several people. E Erin L September 16, 2022 Becky's recent Touring Plans Teaches segments were extremely helpful. Her early entry strategies that we followed to a "T" allowed us to get everything done, plus some,each day of our trip in every park. Becky's recent Touring Plans Teaches segments were extremely helpful. Her early entry strategies that we followed to a "T" allowed us to get everything done,... H Hannah C August 9, 2022 I recommend this site and book to EVERYONE. It has saved me so much time and hassle. I recommend this site and book to EVERYONE. It has saved me so much time and hassle. S Sandy M August 6, 2022 Loved the touring plans discussion group part of the site - it's very helpful. Loved the touring plans discussion group part of the site - it's very helpful. M Meredith T June 18, 2022 I learned about "stacking" Lightning Lane reservations from a TouringPlans video and used that very successfully on our first day. I learned about "stacking" Lightning Lane reservations from a TouringPlans video and used that very successfully on our first day. L Leah H June 11, 2022 Being able to look at rooms before hand was helpful. I had 4 options ready to go at the front desk. The room I ended up with besides a nice garden view had quick access to Skyliner and EPCOT (5 min walk) and an EPCOT fireworks view. Being able to look at rooms before hand was helpful. I had 4 options ready to go at the front desk. The room I ended up with besides a nice garden view had... V Verinica R May 13, 2022 We would never, ever go to WDW without your Lines app! We would never, ever go to WDW without your Lines app! J Jennifer J May 2, 2022 Everyone in my party was super impressed with our room choice. I was able to pick my choice of rooms based on using the "room view" tool on the site. Everyone in my party was super impressed with our room choice. I was able to pick my choice of rooms based on using the "room view" tool on the site. H Heather S February 27, 2022 The touring plans suggestions really helped us plan our day to avoid crowds and long lines. The touring plans suggestions really helped us plan our day to avoid crowds and long lines. N Nicole S December 13, 2021 Your proprietary algorithms bowled me over with their seemingly magical predictions. Thank you for putting so much effort into maximizing days at the parks. Your proprietary algorithms bowled me over with their seemingly magical predictions. Thank you for putting so much effort into maximizing days at the parks. M Marianne A January 3, 2020 March 2024 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 3 Subscribers Only 4 Subscribers Only 5 Subscribers Only 6 Subscribers Only 7 6 8 7 9 7 Track Date Thu, Mar 7, 2024 Subscribe to add to saved dates See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 9a-11p R T 6 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 6 Hollywood Studios 9a-9p R T 5 Animal Kingdom 8a-6p R T What’s Going On EPCOT After Hours at EPFlower & Garden Festival at EP Track Date Fri, Mar 8, 2024 Subscribe to add to saved dates See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 8a-11p R T 7 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 7 Hollywood Studios 8:30a-9p R T 6 Animal Kingdom 8a-7p R T What’s Going On Flower & Garden Festival at EP Track Date Sat, Mar 9, 2024 Subscribe to add to saved dates See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 8a-11p R T 6 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 7 Hollywood Studios 8:30a-9p R T 6 Animal Kingdom 8a-8p R T What’s Going On Flower & Garden Festival at EP March 7, 2024Thursday 6 WDW Overall Park Crowds See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 9a-11p R T 6 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 6 Hollywood Studios 9a-9p R T 5 Animal Kingdom 8a-6p R T What’s Going On EPCOT After Hours at EPFlower & Garden Festival at EP SUBSCRIBE TO PIN DATES SWIPE LEFT AND RIGHT TO SEE ADJACENT DATES March 8, 2024Friday 7 WDW Overall Park Crowds See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 8a-11p R T 7 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 7 Hollywood Studios 8:30a-9p R T 6 Animal Kingdom 8a-7p R T What’s Going On Flower & Garden Festival at EP SUBSCRIBE TO PIN DATES SWIPE LEFT AND RIGHT TO SEE ADJACENT DATES March 9, 2024Saturday 7 WDW Overall Park Crowds See all details 7 Magic Kingdom 8a-11p R T 6 EPCOT 9a-9p R T 7 Hollywood Studios 8:30a-9p R T 6 Animal Kingdom 8a-8p R T What’s Going On Flower & Garden Festival at EP SUBSCRIBE TO PIN DATES SWIPE LEFT AND RIGHT TO SEE ADJACENT DATES Know the best day to visit each park Our Crowd Calendar shows which park has the lowest crowds for each day of your trip (as well as opening and closing times and special events) to help you plan the best day to go. Crowd Calendar How does TouringPlans compare to Genie+? Wondering whether Genie+ is worth it? Check out our easy guide with suggestions on which parks and attractions make the extra charge worth it. Rub the Lamp Want to maximize your time in the parks? Unlike other planning tools, we will optimize your plan throughout the day using real-time data. View Our Touring Plans As featured in... 4.75 of 5 stars 3,678 App Store ratings Pick the perfect place to stay With so many hotels to choose from, we’ll help you pick a great place to stay, and even suggest rooms with the best views. Hotel Recommendations The Latest News Visit the Blog Disney Cruise Line in a Jiffy: What Are Towel Animals? Mar. 4, 2024 Mar. 4, 2024 Go-Go-Go! Magic Key Pass Sales Return March 5, 2024 Mar. 4, 2024 Review: Nomad Lounge Is Great For Families Mar. 3, 2024 Disneyland Crowd Calendar Update for March 2024 Mar. 3, 2024 The Best Way to Spend $50 at the 2024 Flower and Garden Festival Mar. 3, 2024 31 Custom Souvenirs You Can Get at Walt Disney World Mar. 2, 2024 TouringPlans Travel Beat 3-2-2024 Save up to $98 on your park tickets now With over 160 different kinds of admission tickets, our Ticket Calculator will help you find the best-priced deals-for free! Ticket Calculator Disney World Tools Touring Plans Hotel Guide Room Requests Ticket Calculator WDW Information Trip Planning Magic Kingdom EPCOT Hollywood Studios Animal Kingdom Park Reservation & Ticket Info Refurbishments & Closures Genie+ & Lightning Lane Early Theme Park Entry Extended Theme Park Hours Rope Drop (Park Opening) Typhoon Lagoon (Water Park) Blizzard Beach (Water Park) Disney Springs Getting Around Genie+ Recommendations Disney World Events Character Greetings Disney World Touring The Basics Personalized Plans For Parents with Small Children For Parents with Older Children For Adults For Seniors For Mixed Generation Groups Disney World Dining Dining Ratings Dining Overview Disney Springs Dining Resort Hotel Dining Tipping (Gratuities) Help Disney World Survey Contact Us Account Info FAQs Team & Careers Loading ... Disney Dish with Jim Hill Podcast Learn more about the latest doings at Disney with Len Testa of TouringPlans & Jim Hill of JimHillMedia.com Listen Now Learn more about the latest doings at Disney with TouringPlan's Len Testa & Jim Hill of JimHillMedia.com Listen Now Copyright ©2024 TouringPlans.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Cookie Preference