Fandom FANDOM Fan Central BETA Games Anime Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Try FanCentral Games Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Manage all your favorite fandoms in one place! Try FanCentral Don't have an account? Register Sign In Community Central Manage all your favorite fandoms in one place! Try FanCentral Don't have an account? Register Sign In Sign In Register Search the world's largest fan wiki platform Search Discover the World of Shōgun Anime Fans, Here Are Your Next Obsessions MOVIES The Long, Bizarre History Of Beetlejuice 2’s Development GAMES Everything you need to know about ‘One Punch Man: World’ MOVIES How 1994 Became the Year of Jim Carrey VIDEO Honest Trailers | Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom VIDEO Honest Game Trailers | RoboCop: Rogue City The Best Moments From SEVENTEEN’s ‘Follow’ Concert TOP WIKIS GAMES Terraria Minecraft Genshin Impact MOVIES Star Wars Harry Potter Marvel TV Memory Alpha Arrowverse SpongeBobia ANIME One Piece Naruto My Hero Academia Plus over 250,000 more to explore Movies View All Popular Wiki Pages in Movies Harry Potter Harry Potter Wiki Neo Matrix Wiki Harley Quinn DC Extended Universe Snake Eyes G.I. Joe Wiki Disney Princesses Disney Wiki Godzilla Monster Verse Wiki Top News Stories in movies Joey Esposito Feb 23 The Long, Bizarre History Of Beetlejuice 2’s Development Beetlejuice is finally coming back to the big screen for a sequel. It only took decades and many false starts to get there. Matt Fowler Jan 30 How 1994 Became the Year of Jim Carrey 30 years ago, Ace Ventura, The Mask and Dumb and Dumber all made Jim Carrey a massive movie star. Take a look back at his wild 1994. Watch Video Honest Trailers | Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom It's the final stop on the DC Extended Universe Express as Honest Trailers enters the dark depths of Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. Watch Video From Dune to Deadpool: 40 Movies We’re Excited for in 2024 2024 bubbles over with blockbuster goodness (we hope!), with Deadpool 3, Furiosa, Dune: Part Two, Joker: Folie A Deux, and Venom 3 leading the pack. Games View All Popular Wiki Pages in Games Ellie The Last of Us Wiki Lara Croft Tomb Raider Wiki Nathan Drake Uncharted Wiki Link Zelda Wiki Pikachu Pokemon Wiki Rathalos Monster Hunter Wiki Mileena Mortal Kombat Wiki Miles Morales Spider-Man Wiki Top News Stories in games James Valentine Feb 1 Everything you need to know about ‘One Punch Man: World’ You no longer need to do 100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run to one punch your enemies Watch Video Honest Game Trailers | Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora Honest Game Trailers plugs its neural link hair braid into Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora, an open world adventure that boasts blue aplenty. Watch Video Honest Game Trailers | RoboCop: Rogue City Get behind the visor of your favorite cyborg peacekeeper as Honest Game Trailers buys RoboCop: Rogue City for a dollar. It's a stellar shoot 'em up! Watch Video Honest Game Trailers | Dave the Diver Honest Game Trailers plumbs the depths of indie game - which many feel isn't that "indie" - Dave the Diver, about an overworked dude fishing forever. Matt Fowler Jan 15 Prime’s ‘Fallout’ Series Explores the Satirical Side of the End of the World Jonathan Nolan, along with cast members Ella Purnell and Walton Goggins, discuss their new Fallout TV series and why it's not a straight adaptation. Addison Peacock Dec 27, 2023 The Most Popular Anime Ships of 2023 From Bronseele to EreMika to the entire Luffy Harem, here's the ships that had fans swooning in 2023 - at least based on what you were looking up! TV View All Popular Wiki Pages in TV Grogu Star Wars Wiki Geralt Witcher Wiki The Boys S3 The Boys Wiki Ahsoka Tano Star Wars Wiki Zuko (ATLA) Avatar Wiki Starfire Titans Wiki Sex Education S3 Sex Education Wiki SpongeBob SpongeBob Wiki Top News Stories in tv Blair Marnell Jan 22 The Animated History of He-Man, She-Ra and the Masters of the Universe With Masters of the Universe: Revolution making its debut on Netflix, here's a look back at the many animated incarnations of He-Man and She-Ra. Luis Joshua Gutierrez Jan 17 Netflix’s 'Delicious in Dungeon' Anime Captures the Experience of Playing D&D The new anime series, about monster-hunters intent on eating their prey, impressively evokes what it's like to actually play Dungeon and Dragons. Matt Fowler Jan 11 Adam Copeland On Bringing Ares to Percy Jackson and His Dream Final Match Adam "Edge" Copeland talks to Fandom about squaring off against Percy Jackson as Ares and battling longtime friend Christian in AEW. Blair Marnell Jan 10 8 Questions We Have After the Echo Finale If you've finished your binge of Echo, here are there lingering questions we have about Maya, Kingpin, Daredevil and more. Blair Marnell Jan 9 How Batman Beyond Has Lived on Beyond the Animated Series With the 25th anniversary of Batman Beyond here, we look at how Terry McGinnis has continued to live on in other stories since. TJ Dietsch Jan 8 Origin Story: Echo's Ties to Daredevil and Kingpin Go Way Back With buzz rising for Marvel's Echo series, thanks to an exciting and brutal trailer, we dive into the character's history. Search the world's largest fan wiki platform Search The latest trends, delivered straight to your inbox. Stay up to date on all the latest in gaming and entertainment. Explore properties Fandom Muthead Fanatical Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Global Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Copyright 2024 Fandom, Inc.