Make a Website in Just 1 Hour With This Easy Guide - 2024 Skip to content Menu Make A Website Start A Blog Blog Sites Domain Registrars Domain Extensions Cheap Domains Free Domains Resources Blog About How To Make A WebsiteIn 4 Simple Steps – 2024 Guide A Simple To Follow, Free Tutorial On How YOU Can Build Your OWN WEBSITE from Scratch In Less Than 1 Hour Read My Free Guide Makeawebsitehub.com helps over 3,000 people each month build their own websites & blogs Updated February 15th, 2024 If you’ve been thinking about building your own website but have hit a brick wall and don’t know where or how to begin, then this guide is here for you! My name is Jamie Spencer and I’ve helped thousands of people like you get online and thrive with their businesses, personal websites, or ecommerce stores. In 2024, ANYONE can build their own website. You don’t need to know a thing about web development, coding or how to design a website. NOW is the perfect time to get your personal blog or small business website built and attracting traffic. The barrier to entry is non-existent. So what is stopping you now? I have been building and creating websites since the beginning of the internet ( shows my age a bit! ). Blogging has been my main source of income for the past ten years. I’ve created and sold a wide variety of websites and blogs in different niches which means I probably have the credentials to help you create your first website, and perhaps show you how to monetize your site. My aim was to create a simple, step by step tutorial for individuals, business owners, bloggers and anyone else who is daunted by the prospect of building their own website. With this guide, I want to show you that you don’t need to code or hire a web developer to have a great looking and functioning website. If you have just one hour spare, then this guide could potentially be a game changer for you. Why Build Your Own Website? There are loads of benefits to creating your own website. Whether it be for business, fun or as a hobby, there is a space on the web for your site to thrive and become popular in it’s own right. You might be thinking that there are already websites out there that have already written what you want to say or have covered all the topics that interest you and how on earth could you compete. The most important thing when creating your own website is to carve your own style of writing and to come at a topic from a different angle. It’s not about trying to compete with the likes of Wikipedia. It’s about creating content that resonates with people. Let’s not forget about the benefits of creating your own website…. A few reasons why people start up their own websites: 1. To Promote A Business Think of it as a digital shop window. You want customers to be able to see what your business is all about and how it can help them. Having a professional looking website makes your business look credible and make potential customers want to use your service, buy your products or whatever your business offers. 2. To Share A Passion Often people start their own websites to engage with others who share the same passion as they do. Some of the most successful blogs are those that write about very niche hobbies such as metal detecting, fishing and collecting football cards. It doesn’t have to be about hobbies. You could be passionate about anything. There is an audience out there for whatever you want to write ( as long as it’s legal!!! ). 3. To Make Money Making money from a blog or a website has never been more popular or easier. The pandemic of 2020/21 has made people consider their lives a lot more and the way they work and earn money. Starting up a website and selling something or creating a resource that attracts traffic which you can monetize is an excellent way to start up a semi-passive income stream. And for a large number of website owners, can overtake their day job earnings! 4. To Get A Job Having your professional résumé and contact details on your own domain name will set you apart from about 95% of the job market. It’s such a great idea to star your own website to promote yourself as a strong candidate in the industry you want to work in. Types of Website You Can Build The sky’s the limit when it comes to website design and functionality. That said, many sites fall into one of many different categories based on their overall purpose. Developing a digital space offers loads of natural flexibility, but understanding what type of website you want to build can guide you in the right direction. Web users have many expectations when visiting new sites. Even if they’ve never been there before, they can assume specific features or elements based on the kind of site it is. Curating your webspace around those long-held conventions can ensure that you’re nailing everything from navigation features to content. Here are some types of websites you can build. 1 – Blog Blogs were one of the first beginner-friendly web formats to exist. Back in the early days of the Internet, bloggers used these sites as a public diary to share their musings. Journal-style blogs are still around, but these kinds of websites are much more versatile. They aren’t all casual or fun-based. Many blogs today are money-making machines! In its simplest form, a blog is an informational site with regular posts. Typically, the posts are informal and more relaxed in tone. Think of it as a person having an engaging conversation with a much wider audience. Blog websites usually present posts in reverse chronological order, allowing visitors to see the latest updates first. From a design and navigational standpoint, blogs are some of the most straightforward websites to create. They don’t require complex features or a ton of innovative design elements. The quality of the posts is what’s most important. So, what kind of content do blogging websites offer? There’s no end to the possibilities here! From personal blogs covering the writer’s life to topic-based pieces, there’s tons of room to carve out a specific niche. Blogs offer a way to share knowledge about a specific top. Some of the most top-performing blogs cover niches like lifestyle, tech, food, travel, and more. As far as monetization goes, a blog can generate revenue in many different ways. You can use the popularity of your site to display ads, gain sponsorships, and more. Learn How to Start a Blog 2 – Online Store There’s a good chance that you’ve visited an online store at some point. Also known as eCommerce websites, these platforms allow shoppers to purchase items and get them shipped directly to their homes. Online shopping is more popular than ever, so there’s no better time to get in on the action. When most people think of online businesses and shops, they picture some of the eCommerce juggernauts. Amazon, Walmart, and eBay, among others, comes to mind. While those companies certainly pushed online shopping to what it is today, you don’t need to have the resources of those retail powerhouses to get started. Many small companies see great success selling directly to their consumers. Even drop-shipping retailers and third-party sellers are getting in on the action. Online stores are relatively easy to design, thanks to modern eCommerce platforms. Not only do they help with setting up product pages, but they also have all of the transaction-based technology you need. Online stores continue to evolve, but shoppers expect many essential features. High-quality product images, detailed descriptions, and pricing information are a must. Whether you have a handful of curated products or several hundred, a straightforward navigation system and search function are crucial, too. The same goes for digital shopping carts, secure checkout pages, and other convenient features. 3 – A Business Website If you own a business, this type of website is a must. Most reputable companies have one as the foundation of their online presence. Web users look for these sites to learn more about a business and discover what it offers. Business sites rarely change and are updated pretty infrequently. But that doesn’t make them any less critical. Think of these sites as an ongoing advertisement and contact sheet. The site can provide an overview of what your company does, its core values, and how it contributes to the market at large. Many business sites also provide information about key players, such as managers or CEOs. It can list credentials, awards, and reviews, too. Most importantly, your business site can provide contact information. It’s the place where potential shoppers or clients can go to find phone numbers, email addresses, and links to other important sites. 4 – Forum In today’s ever-connected world, social media reigns supreme! Web users are always looking to connect with others and become part of a tight-knit community. While platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram have widespread appeal and billions of active users, they’re not the end-all-be-all of online communities. Forum websites are a great way to connect people who are interested in a niche topic. The community is smaller, paving the way for more riveting conversation and much stronger online relationships. These sites cater to a smaller segment of people, making it easy for like-minded individuals to enjoy each other’s company. Establishing a forum is straightforward. Users can sign up with unique usernames, create custom posts, and respond to others with comments. As these sites become more popular, monetization opportunities open up with advertisers as well. 5 – A Membership Site Here’s a great way to make your core demographic feel like true VIPs. Membership websites are gated and exclusive. In this case, the virtual gate is usually nothing more than a login system with unique usernames and passwords. Hiding behind that limited access point is exclusive content. What you provide and how you limit access is up to you. Some sites are content-based, locking exclusive articles, videos, artwork, and more behind the membership. Others might have members-only forums, special offers, or exclusive content. Whatever the case may be, the experience you offer must be enticing enough to make the sign-up worth it. Access barriers are flexible as well. Membership sites can require an ongoing paid subscription as an entrance fee to the exclusive content. Alternatively, the sites can be free or offer multiple tiers of membership. There are many ways to design these exclusive websites, and how you create the VIP feeling depends entirely on what you have to offer visitors. 6 – A Niche Affiliate Website If you’re looking to create a passive stream on income while sharing your knowledge about a niche topic, an affiliate site may be for you. Affiliate partnerships are one of the best ways to generate income online. Essentially, advertisers pay you to provide affiliate links that direct visitors to the promoter’s website. It can be a merchant site to buy products or a lead generation site looking for contact information. When one of your visitors uses the links and completes the desired action, you get a commission. Technically speaking, an affiliate site can be anything. However, the go-to for Internet entrepreneurs is to create a niche blog. The blog can provide valuable information and content that visitors will enjoy. All the while, the affiliate links are there to guide readers in the right direction. The content isn’t behind a paywall, and clicking on those affiliate links is entirely optional. Niche affiliate websites can cover a wide range of topics. Like standard blogs, they usually cater to specific subjects, such as technology, parenting, or fitness. As a result, affiliate links traditionally relate to the blog’s niche. For example, a fitness affiliate blog might link to workout equipment, exercise clothes, or wearable activity trackers. I managed to negotiate with Bluehost a special 60% OFF Discount their hosting + A Free Domain for my readers. So instead of $8.99 per month for hosting, you can get it for just $2.95 p/m! I do receive a small compensation by partnering with Bluehost, but I think their hosting is awesome and would recommend them regardless. Table Of Contents – Create A Website Guide 1 – Choose your web building platform Choose what platform you want your site to be built on.We recommend WordPress. 2 – Buy a domain name and web hosting– Web hosting & domain name costs– Choosing a domain name Get yourself a custom domain name so people can find your websiteand web hosting so people can access your site. 3 – Setting up your WordPress website– Installing WordPress– Choosing a theme Set up your website, choose a theme, customize the designand make it look awesome! 4 – Adding content to your website Bring your website to life by easily adding content viathe WordPress dashboard. There are only 4 Quick steps to building your own website. So let’s start right now! Literally anyone can make a website in 2024. As I mentioned before, you don’t need to know anything about coding, website design or web development. All you need is the motivation and drive to build something amazing for you personally or your business. With the right tools and resources you can have your very own website in just a matter of 1 to 2 hours, without the need to spend money on freelancers, web design agencies or expensive web building software. The 3 Things You’re Going To Need To Create Your Website #1 Domain Name – ( Your website’s address www.YOUROWNWEBSITE.com )#2 Web Hosting – ( a provider that hosts your website on a server )#3 Blogging Platform – ( a free platform like WordPress.org ) All three elements are vital if you want to create a functional, fast and professional website. A domain name ( website address ) helps people find your website and web hosting makes it accessible to the world. Without these two component, you will be unable to create your website. Once you’ve purchased your domain name and hosting, you can then start to create your website. The easiest and best way to do this is to use a website building platform called WordPress.org. It’s free, robust, can be installed with just one-click and is used by over 30% of all websites on the internet. Take 1 to 2 hours to go through this guide and by the end of it you will have a website that you can be proud of. Step 1 – Choose What Platform YourWebsite Is Built On The first thing you need to do is choose what website platform to build your website on. There are many different CMS (content management systems) to choose from and choosing the right platform is a top priority. You don’t want to start building your site on a CMS platform to find out that it’s totally wrong for you and your site. There’s a load of free website building platforms that you could use, but these free websites aren’t great for the long term. You’re restricted to using their own hosting and their own sub-domain ( yourwebsite.freewebsitecompany.com ). Building out your own a fully functioning and nicely designed website isn’t rocket science. It’s quite easy actually, even for a complete novice who hasn’t had very much experience with computers. But you can get into trouble when you don’t choose the right website building platform. Some platforms require you to know a little bit of HTML / CSS or other coding languages, so you really need to decide where you are at in terms of website building ability. If you are a beginner then you would be best to choose WordPress.org. There are others out there such as drag and drop builders like Wix, Squarespace and Weebly, but these aren’t free and aren’t as customizable as WordPress. Below is data that shows the most popular website building platforms by usage and what many of the world’s best websites are using today. Historical trends in the usage of content management systems since January 2011. Data from https://w3techs.com/ WordPress, Shopify, Drupal, Wix, Squarespace or Joomla. Which one will it be? There are 6 main content management platforms that most of the world’s websites are run on. WordPress, Shopify, Drupal, Wix, Squarespace and Joomla. WORDPRESS 42% of websites are run on the WordPress platform SHOPIFY 4% of websites are run on the Shopify platform JOOMLA! 1.9% of websites are run on Joomla! WIX 1.8% of websites are run on the Wix platform SQUARESPACE 1.7% of websites are run on the Squarespace platform DRUPAL 1.4% of websites are run on Drupal And the winner is…..WordPress! For me, I choose WordPress.org all the time. There are plenty of other website builders out there to choose from, but WordPress wins hands down. Here are the main 5 reasons why WordPress is my number one choice… #1 – User-Friendly & Beginner Friendly WordPress.org is hands down the best blogging platform and is so easy to use. Ideal for new bloggers and people starting a business that need a solid online presence. It’s intuitive and if you know how to use standard Microsoft programs such as Word or Excel, then chances are you’ll already know how to publish your own content on the site you’re about to build. Another great thing about WordPress is that it can be easily customized with plugins, that can pretty much do anything to your site and make it exactly how you want it. You might want just a simple small business website or a complex e-com site with hundreds of products. WP can handle this. #2 – Powerful CMS WordPress is extremely powerful and can run most types of sites. It’s a trusted platform for many of the busiest websites in the world. It can handle pretty much anything. #3 – Websites Are Responsive & Mobile Friendly With more and more people viewing sites on their smartphones and other mobile devices, it’s really important to have a site that is responsive to these digital demands. With WordPress, most themes come mobile friendly as standard. #4 – It won’t cost you a thing! 100% FREE! WordPress.org is free. There’s no reoccurring subscription payments and it’s all open source. All you have to do is buy your domain and hosting and then you’re up and running before you can say “www.” #5 A community of awesome people to help you out. WordPress is blessed with a vibrant and helpful community of developers who will be happy to help you out should you get stuck with anything to do with your WordPress site. Are there any decent alternatives to WordPress? Yes there are some, but I always choose WordPress over all of them. Drupal A very powerful CMS that has a steep learning curve. You can create some awesome functionality with Drupal, but is way too advanced for beginners. If you’re wanting to build a small and simple website, then Drupal is definitely NOT the platform for you. Wix Easy to use and very beginner friendly with drag and drop functionality web builder. It’s quite expensive and for any specific functionality that you require for your website, you will more than likely have to pay that too. Also if you want to move your site away from Wix, you would pretty much have to rebuild it from scratch on another platform. Migrations rarely go well. Joomla! Joomla! is a mix between Drupal and WordPress. Like Drupal, the learning curve is steep and requires the user to know a bit about coding. SquareSpace With SquareSpace you can create beautiful websites that are full of incredible functionality. It’s also very easy to use. The only thing is that it’s quite expensive and migrations away from SquareSpace are impossible. You can check also out my CMS comparison page for more information on the different platforms. Step 2 – Buy a Domain Name & Web Hosting Before you start creating your website, I just want you to remember one thing… You need to buy your own hosting and domain name in order to use the WordPress.org free CMS platform. DON’T head over to WordPress.com, because Wordpress.com and Wordpress.org are very different. Hosting your website on WordPress.com is free and you get a free WordPress.com domain name. But here’s the bad news…. The hosting service they give you it’s really slow (which will impact your rankings on Google) BAD NEWS!!! And the free domain name they give you is rubbish, as its a sub-domain and will make you look unprofessional. MORE BAD NEWS!!! Example: YourWebsiteName.WordPress.com So let’s look at the better way for your site to get up and running! By spending that little bit more money, your website can have its own hosting which is much faster and reliable than any free hosting you can get and your own domain name! Example: www.YourWebsiteName.com This means that you will have your very own web property and not a site that’s owned and rented to you from WordPress. Web Hosting and Domain Name Costs The two most important components to get your site up and running is a domain name and web hosting service. Without them, your visitors will have no way to access your website. Domain NameThe domain name refers to the address that people will use to visit your site. It’s what your site will be identified as moving forward. Needless to say, it plays a bit part in defining your brand, so it’s important to choose a domain that represents you or your business well. There are hundreds of different domain extensions to choose from such as .com, .net, .org or even .ninja, .guru or .space! Web HostingWeb hosting is where your site is actually going to be stored. Hosting companies have large data centers filled with servers. When you purchase a hosting plan, part of one of those servers is dedicated to your site. It’s where you will be putting on your files, copy, images, and anything else pertaining to your web creation. Disclosure: When you purchase a product or service through links on this page, I earn a commission. This helps me to keep this site running. There are no extra costs to you at all by using our links. Choose Your Website Hosting Provider Typically, hosting will cost you approximately $2.95 – $6 per month. It’s worth it, really it is! If you’re serious about building your own website then you need your own hosting and domain name. In most of the websites that I have built, including makeawebsitehub.com, I have used Bluehost for my web hosting. Go to www.BlueHost.com and click on the “get started now”. Use this link to get a FREE domain name for the first 12 months. You can get the basic hosting package for an incredible $2.95 a month + free domain name, but I recommend the Plus plan for new bloggers, as you get more unlimited features with this deal and you can host more than one website on the account. If you’re starting up a blog, personal website or business website, you will need both a domain name and hosting package. With the hosting package, you also get unlimited email addresses that are assigned to your domain name! Example: Joe@YourWebsite.com This is super useful as everything is under one roof! No hassle with having to arrange email accounts elsewhere! Where Do I Register Domains and Get My Web Hosting? I mainly use Bluehost for my own websites and private client projects. BlueHost is a safe pair of hands. They’re one of the biggest brands in hosting and have been around forever. They have a great reputation for exceptional customer support and providing reliable hosting services at affordable prices. While the provider’s data centers are located in Utah, users from around the world will have no problem accessing your site. In addition to offering hosting services, BlueHost acts as a domain registrar. So, you can take care of both tasks in one place. Bluehost offers a free domain for one year with all of their hosting packages. One thing to note is Bluehost don’t offer country specific domain names such as .de .fr .es. For these you’ll need to buy them over at Domain.com. Use our coupon code SITEHUB to get 25% off everything. Getting your domain name and hosting service is very easy and only takes a few minutes. Here’s a step-by-step guide on how to do it at BlueHost…. 1. Head over to BlueHost.com On the homepage, you’ll be able to see some basic information about the services the company provides. When you’re ready to get started, click on one of the “Get Started” buttons. 2. Select A Web Hosting Plan This page is for the shared hosting plans. If you’re interested in VPS hosting or Dedicated hosting, you’ll need to visit their respective pages. Links to those can be found on the toolbar up top. They are towards the upper left side of the screen under the “Hosting” submenu. If you’re just getting started, shared plans are the way to go. Not only are they cost-effective, but they have all the resources you need to get your site up and running. Scroll down the page a bit to see a detailed breakdown of the available pricing plans. Currently, BlueHost offers four different shared hosting tiers. They are basic, plus, choice plus and pro. The most affordable is the Basic plan, which gives you hosting for one site and 50 GB of SSD storage. The second plan is the Plus plan. It offers unlimited sites, storage, and domain. The Choice Plus plan throws in domain privacy and a site backup feature. Finally, there’s the Pro plan. It’s one of BlueHost’s newest offerings and includes a dedicated IP address. We recommend going with the Choice Plus plan. Pricing is currently $5.45 per month ( normally $14.99 pm ) The unlimited storage and extra features make it well worth the upgrade. The great thing about BlueHost is that you can easily change your plan as your site grows. To move onto the next step, click on the “Select” button for the plan that you want. 3. Choose A Domain Name Now you’re on to the fun stuff. On this page, you get the chance to choose your domain name. If you already have one, type it out in the righthand box. To register a new one, focus on the box to the left. Think of something creative and relevant for your domain. If you own a business, you could do something as simple as your company name. Alternatively, you can use your own name. Whatever the case may be, type it in and choose a domain extension. Pressing on the small dropdown menu next to the text input box will show you a selection of domain extensions you can choose. Currently, it’s only showing you 15 of the most popular extensions that qualify for the free domain offer. It’s recommended that you stick with something that’s familiar. .com, .net, and .gov extensions have been around for a very long time, so people are familiar with them. They’ll give your address a professional touch. If you want to register one of the many new top-level domains, you’ll have to purchase it separately from a different part of the site. Note that Bluehost doesn’t offer country-specific domain extensions, such as .fr, .es, or .us. These domains can be purchased from Domain.com or GoDaddy.com separately. 4. Create Your Account Now it’s time to create your hosting account. This is the information that’s going to be used by BlueHost for billing and contact purposes. All you have to do is input your name, address, email address, and all other required information. Scroll down the page to see where you’ll provide your billing information. BlueHost accepts many different types of payment methods, including most major credit cards. The connection between you and BlueHost’s billing department is encrypted and protected for peace of mind. 5. Check Your Plan Information and Finish the Registration Process Now it’s time to create your hosting account. This is the information that’s going to be used by BlueHost for billing and contact purposes. All you have to do is input your name, address, email address, and all other required information. Scroll down the page to see where you’ll provide your billing information. BlueHost accepts many different types of payment methods, including most major credit cards. The connection between you and BlueHost’s billing department is encrypted and protected for peace of mind. 6. Confirm Your Account After you’ve completed the registration and submitted your payment information, you’ll receive an email from BlueHost with a unique link that’s used to confirm that you made the account yourself. Below the congratulatory message, you’ll find a button to create your password. Click on it and choose a password that’s easy to remember. BlueHost will require you to provide this password anytime you log in or contact support. After that’s completed, you’re all done. You can now log into your BlueHost hosting account and get started. What if I already have a domain name? This is no problem at all. If you have a domain and hosting already, feel free to skip this step and move onto Step 3, where I will explain to you how to set up a website. What sort of domain name should I choose? Thinking of a decent name for your website can be the toughest thing about building your own website. In short, your domain should be… Catchy Unique Easy to remember I have put together some quick tips for thinking up a really good domain name for your site. What are your Top 10 Keywords Think of about 10 keywords or terms that describe your website in the best way possible. When you have a good bunch of them you can then start to put them together, mix them up, add prefixes & suffixes to create some really cool domain name ideas. A Unique Domain Name Is The Way To Go! Don’t buy a name that will be confused with another website. Be unique, otherwise, it could mean your website falls flat before it has even started. Never buy domains that are simply the plural, hyphenated or misspelled version of an already established domain. Go for Dot-Com Available Domains or a Top Level Local Domain There’s no shortage of domain extensions nowadays with .this and .that at every turn. But only a few are really worth having. Dot-Com domains are considered the most valuable and important if you are going to be building a brand. If you want to target a worldwide audience with your site, go for a .com .org or .net, in that order of preference. Local domains such as .co.uk for UK or .es for Spain are preferable. Avoid local domains like .uk.com Make it Easy to Remember and Easy For People To Find Your Site. Although people tend to find your site through a branded search in Google, it’s still important to make your domain easy to spell/type out. If it requires a lot of effort to type correctly, due to trying to spell it, the length or the use of un-memorable words or sounds, you’ve probably kissed goodbye to a good portion of your branding and marketing value. Make it Stick In People’s’ Heads Keep your domain name snappy and memorable. Word-of-mouth and search engine prominence are both reliant on easy to remember domain names. You don’t want to have an amazing website that no one can ever remember to tell their friends about because they can’t remember the name of the damn site! Short Domain Names Go A Long Way! Short is great! Short is the way to go! It’s easy to type and easy to remember. It gives the possibility of using more characters in the URL in the SERPs and a better look and fit for offline marketing material. Watch Out For Copyright Infringement A rare mistake to make but one that isn’t made that often. But if it does it can blow a great domain and a great company out of the water! Check that you’re not infringing on anyone’s copyright with the name of your website. To do this head over to copyright.gov and search before you buy your URL name. DON’T USE… Hyphens or Numbers Hyphens and numbers suck! Simple! It makes it really difficult to give your domain name verbally and it fails the easy to remember or type test. Other useful resource: How to Register A Domain Name Step 3 – Setting Up Your WordPress Website Installing WordPress We’re going to show you how to set up WordPress via Bluehost. So you have purchased your domain name and hosting and now it’s time to make your website function. In just a few minutes your site will come alive. The first thing you need to do is install WordPress. Sounds hard, but it’s not! Easy as pie! You have two choices. Install with 1-click installation or manual installation. One click install is very very easy, so would recommend going down this route. 1. One click installations to create a website with WordPress One-click installation is just that – one click and you’ve installed WordPress. Most web hosts will have the 1-click-installation integrated as standard within their dashboard. This service will have you up and running in a blink of an eye and help you to make your own website with ease! I’m going to show you how to install WordPress using Bluehost. If you haven’t signed up to Bluehost and you’re using another web host, then the “1-click-installation” should be in the hosting dashboard or cpanel. These are the steps you need to follow with the “1-click-installation” process. This will be the same or very similar to all of the other major web hosting company websites. 1 – Log in to your own Bluehost hosting account 2 – Click on the “My Sites” option in the left hand navigation bar. 3 – Then click on the “Create a Site” button. 4 – You’ll then need to add in some details about your new site. Once you’ve done this, the WordPress installation will happen automatically. Bluehost will then show you all your login details to access your new WordPress website. Please make sure you make a record of these details and store them somewhere safe. Manual installation Some web designers/developers like to install WordPress manually to get a custom install of the components they want and don’t want. Others will need to manually install because their web host does not have the “1-click-installation” capability. If this applies to you then you’ll need to have a quick read through of my Manual WordPress Set-Up Guide. #ProTip: If your web host doesn’t have “1-click-installation” then you should really change your web host! Follow these quick and easy steps to install WordPress manually onto your server. 2. Test To See If Your Website Is Live Your website should be live once the WordPress install is complete. Make sure you this is the case by typing in your domain name (URL) into your web browser. With WordPress installs, they will set your website with the default theme TwentyTwentyOne. You should see a basic website that looks something like this… 3. Check SSL/HTTPS Settings Simply put, having an SSL certificate on your website makes sure that your website is safely delivered to your visitors’ browsers. When you create a new website or install with Bluehost, they will automatically add an SSL cert to your site. Make sure you test your site’s SSL status. To do this, simply follow these instructions: 1- Log into the Bluehost portal2- Go to “My Sites”3- Go to your site and click on “Manage Site”4- Click on the “Security” tab5- Under “Security Certificate,” you’ll see your “Free SSL Certificate” status You should see a lock icon next to your domain name in the web browser. This means that the SSL cert is installed correctly. It can take a few hours for the SSL set up to be completed. Choose A Theme For Your WordPress Site So you’ve purchased your very own domain name and hosting. You’ve installed WordPress on your server, set it up and now you’re ready to venture into the online world with your new website. It’s time to make this site of yours look professional/awesome/cool, whatever you want it to be. This bit is so easy and we’ll have you up and running in no time! As I just mentioned, WordPress automatically installs a very basic new theme to get you started. If this isn’t to your taste, then don’t worry. There’s literally tens of thousands of WordPress themes to choose from. How To Find A Theme Login to your WordPress Dashboard. You can do this by typing your web address along with /wp-login E.g. http://www.yoursite.com/wp-login Type in your username and password and then you’re in. Once you’re logged in, this is the view of your WordPress dashboard. There are a lot of buttons, options, and functions here, which might look a bit complex, but trust me it isn’t. In the next few stages, I will show you how to get started with your theme. Once you spend just a few minutes exploring the WordPress dashboard, you’ll understand how everything works and become completely fluent with this platform. Getting Started With Free Themes A “Theme” in simple terms is a collection of files that you can download from WordPress that work together to produce the front end styling of your website. WordPress themes mainly contain the following: The complete design or style of your site font design color themes widget locations page layouts (or templates) styles for blog posts and blog archives additional stylistic details menu styles / structure In most cases – Responsive design WordPress has thousands of FREE themes that you can access via the “Appearance” section on the left of the dashboard. Click “Appearance” then “Themes”. This will take you to the main page for WordPress’ free themes section. Then click on the “Add New” button which will take you through to where all the free WordPress themes are. Here you’ll be able to search for themes via a range of really handy filters like: Most popular (Most downloaded + used themes) Featured (Themes chosen by WordPress and featured) Latest Theme (Latest themes to be released on the platform) Then if you click on “Feature Filter” you then have even more options to help you find the best theme for your site. Premium Themes If you’re looking for something a bit more professional, more design-led and more robust then premium themes might be what you’re looking for. Premium themes have many advantages over Free Themes such as reliable code base and superior support if something goes wrong with your site. Also, they just look and function better than the free themes you can pick up on WordPress Theme Directory. Some premium themes are more like web design software, where you can actually design and build your own theme designs and page layouts/templates. This gives you more flexibility in the type of site you want to build. Generatepress is great for the sheer number and variety of themes available, as well as being fast and lightweight. Pre-made Design Elements – Inspiring and ready-to-use stock photos, CMS templates, fonts, and assets. To really make your website stand out from the crowd, you may want to get a bit more adventurous and use some additional design elements. There’s a huge library of goodies for you to use at Envato Elements, which range from ready to use stock images for your blog posts (250,000+ fully licensed stock photos), web templates, fonts, backgrounds and much much more. Elements like these can save you so much time and are all ready for you to use for a single monthly subscription by signing up to Envato Elements. There’s 30,000+ Fonts, Illustrations, Backgrounds, and over 250,000+ Stock Photo for just $29 per month. There’s also plenty of FREE stuff on there that you can use as well. How to Install Your New WordPress Theme So you have the theme you want for your website and you’re ready to install it. This is really simple. Click on the option “Install” then the next step is to click “Activate” Feel free to change themes as many times as you wish, as it has no effect on the content you already have on there (blog posts, pages, images). Rest assured they are all safe and won’t be deleted or anything nasty like that. How To Install A WordPress Plugin To Help You Get The Most Out Of The Platform Plugins are modules or extensions that are installed into the WordPress CMS to increase the capabilities of your website. They add extra features, usability, tools and much more to your site that normally doesn’t come with your WordPress Theme. Plugins help to add functionality where once you would have had to build the whole site again if you missed anything out. Plugins can turn a normal website into an online shop in just minutes. Or it can help you get up to speed on your SEO for your site, add a photo gallery, forum and just about everything else! Installing A Plugin To install a plugin, head over to the “Plugin” section in the Dashboard menu and then select “Add New”. Use the search function to find the plugin you want for your site. There are over 30,000 plugins available, so have a good look around and make sure you read the reviews. Not all of them are great, and you should look to see what people have said about them. Also, check to see if the Plugin is still being updated on a regular basis. Installation is very simple. Just one click and you’re done. Plugins can turn a normal website into an online shop in just minutes. Or it can help you get up to speed on your SEO (search engine optimization) for your site, add a photo gallery, forum and just about everything else! Useful WordPress Plugins As there are so many different WordPress plugins I’ll give you a few free plugins that I install on every single one of my websites: RankMath or Yoast – if you plan on making sure your new website is set up for success with organic traffic from Google then this is an essential plugin. It helps you to keep your site SEO friendly and alerts you of any issues. Site Kit By Google – allows you to access information from Google Search Console, Google Analytics, Google AdSense, and PageSpeed Insights from within the WordPress admin panel. Contact Form 7 – is one of the most popular and oldest WordPress contact form plugins around. With it, you can create and manage multiple contact forms and easily customize form fields. Step 4 – Adding Content To Your New WordPress Website Well done. You’re up and running with your domain name, hosting, WordPress install and theme. Now its time to bring your site to life by creating content for it. I’m going to keep it real simple and cover the basics, so you can jump straight in with adding content to your site. How To Add New Pages To Your New Website and Edit Them. You are about to see just how easy it is to create a website with WordPress. Below I will be showing you the basics or entry-level tasks that you will need to know in order to add and edit content on your WordPress website. The first page people normally create when they build a website is an “About Us” or “Contact Page” page. You can see my About page here. It’s also at the top of this page in the main navigation. To create a page like this you will need to… 1. Click on the Pages link which you will find on the left hand side of your WordPress dashboard. Click on the “Add New” option underneath. 2. You then land on a screen which will probably look to you a lot like Microsoft Word. It’s very similar in function too. You can add text, images, video, shortcodes and loads more. 3. Once you’ve added your text that you want on the page, click the “Save Draft” button on the right menu bar and then click “Preview” to see what you’ve actually created before you publish it to “Live” How To Create Blog Post Pages “Posts” are web pages where you’ll publish content via your blog. Posts are very different to pages. If your website is going to have a blog section, then “Posts” is where you’ll need to go to publish this type of content. Blog posts, when published will appear in your blog feed. If you click on my blog link at the top of this page, you will see all my blog content listed on this feed. With posts, you can categorize the content really easily within WordPress, which makes it easier for the visitors to your website find your blog posts, especially the older pieces of content. If you want to include a blog to your website, you can use different categories and posts. Let’s say you want to create a category named “blog”. To do so, simply add it to your menu and start making posts. Creating a post To do this simply hover over the Post link on the left of your WordPress dashboard, then click on “Add New”. Just like creating a page, you will see the same text editor layout. Write your blog content in the large white space, add the blog title in the smaller white box at the top of the page. Creating a category for your blog post When you create a blog post, you should also put it into a category. WordPress gives you the ability to sort your blog posts into categories which helps to organize your blog content into relevant topics, subjects and sections. It makes your content more discoverable for the user and for search engines. You can find the categories and tags meta boxes in the right-hand column of your WordPress dashboard, under the “Categories” section. How To Add Menus If you want to add any pages, categories or posts to your main navigation bar, then you will need to create a menu. You can do this by going to the left of your WordPress dashboard, hover over Appearance > then clicking on Menu. Once you’re on the Menu page, click on the text link “create new menu” which will be near the top of the page. Give your menu a name and then click on the “Create Menu” button. Then you can add in the pages you want on that particular menu. Once you’re finished, press the “Save Menu” button. You can then assign this menu to your main navigation bar by clicking on the “Manage Locations” tab, which is at the top of the page. How to Add Pages To Your Menu To show your new page in the top navigation bar of your WordPress website, you’ll need to do the following 3 easy steps. Save your work. To make sure you don’t lose any of your content that you’ve created on your page, click “Update” In the Dashboard sidebar Click “Appearance” and then “Menus” The page that you’ve just created will be displayed in the “Pages” box to the left of center. Click on the tick box to the pages you want to be added to your menu, then click “Add to Menu”. In the “Menu Structure” section, you can move the order of the pages around by just clicking and dragging into position. Congratulations! Your website is live! Now what? So your website is now live. It’s looking good and you’re ready to welcome your first visitors. Now what? Well the next step is to start promoting your site. You can do this through a number of ways which I will briefly cover in this section. So here’s what you need to do next… 1. Web Analytics In order to measure the effort that you put into promoting your website, you’re going to need to be able to see the traffic data from your site. The best way to do this is to sign up to Google Analytics and install their tracking code in either the header or footer of your website. It’s really simple to do and you’ll be able to see what sources your website traffic is coming from, the number of visitors coming to your site, the location of the web traffic and so much more. 2. Google Search Console Another great service that you need to sign up to is the Google Search Console. This will help Google to properly crawl and index your website, so that you appear in their search results. It also monitors and measures your site’s search traffic and performance as well fixing issues that may arise with your site. Again, it’s very simple to install. Google’s step by step instructions are very clear to follow. 3. Social Media Social media plays an important role in promoting peoples’ websites, whether it be personal, professional or business. Set up social media profiles on platforms where you think your potential audience hangs out. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Linkedin and Pinterest are a few social networks where you can siphon traffic from by creating content relating to the subject matter of your website. 4. Email Marketing Creating an email list can be a great way to build and audience and an instant source of traffic. How do you build an email list? Check out my guide here. It explains the different tactics you can use in order to get people to give you their name and email address. And that’s it! Well done on creating your first website! Creating a website can be quite complicated and daunting for someone who has never learned how to code or had any experience with websites. This guide helps people to get online quickly, effectively and without the need of a web developer. If you have followed all these steps in this guide, then chances are you now have a website! I’ve really enjoyed putting this guide together and I hope it’s helped you produce the website you’ve always wanted. If I can be of any more help, please feel free to get in touch via the contact form or email me. Last word from me… If you love what I do then please share my work with your friends, family, work colleagues and anyone who might be interested in setting up their own website. Once you have got your website online be sure to follow my guide on setting up a professional email for your new website. All the best! Jamie 87 thoughts on “How to Build A Website” Donna August 16, 2019 at 6:19 pm If I make my website following these instructions, using Wordpress, can I create a way for people to purchase my services on my website? Using PayPal? Jamie August 22, 2019 at 7:02 am Yes. Liv Berkeley August 1, 2019 at 9:12 pm Hello, this step by step tutorial is amazing. Thank you for putting it together. I am very new to Wordpress. I just started an online class today. Can someone please tell me if it’s possible to design the site first without the domain/hosting and then connect the domain & hosting later? Or if I start designing the site with one of their assigned domains, can I change it later? I designed a website on WIX and I later found out it has to be ADA Compliant. WIX does not have all of the capabilities to make an ADA Compliant website. But on WIX, you can design your site first and then connect the domain and the hosting later. I haven’t seen that in any Wordpress Tutorial. Can someone please help me? Thanks so much!!! :) Jamie August 2, 2019 at 7:43 am Hey Liv. So glad you like my guide! I’ve done this a few times myself. It’s pretty tricky to start with, but stick with it. I used this guide to help me. Good luck. Jamie Em May 28, 2019 at 5:45 pm Hi, I inherited a website to update at work. I can find a new template, but how the heck do you build a new website offline – so the current is not effected in any way, and I can hack and play at will on my local machine ? Must I install WP on my local machine, and if so, how do you get the downloaded template/theme to load into wp ? And, are there any tricks to ‘uploading’ everything when the new website is completed ? Jamie May 30, 2019 at 8:06 pm Hi Em Yes you can install WordPress locally – once you do so you can add themes and plugins just as you would if they were on a server. These guides might help – How to Install WordPress & How to host a website locally Jamie Pamela May 27, 2019 at 6:54 pm Another option would be to set yourself up with Wix or Weebly site, where you can get yourself a free account and use their drag and drop functionality to create your website. Much simpler than WordPress.com as the drag and drop web builder is a lot more user-friendly than the WordPress.com platform. Jamie May 20, 2019 at 12:42 pm Hi Donna there have been some changes to the WordPress editor with their release of Gutenberg in 5.0. If you install the free plugin Classic Editor you’ll be able to see pages and posts as you expected. J Godwin May 8, 2019 at 8:58 am Hi Jamie… The tutorial is awesome…my question is…what if I want to be a web designer….I mean to be able to do jobs for people…and also have it as a hobby…?…how do I go about it? Jamie May 28, 2020 at 11:12 am Hi Godwin I wrote a detailed guide on how to become a web developer. https://makeawebsitehub.com/become-a-web-developer/ This might help you out. Jamie Nicole Dragan March 31, 2019 at 1:42 pm Hi Jamie, Thank you so so much for this article; I will definitely use it in building my very first website :D. 1. Now, as I intend to start an online business where I would sell my beauty product through my website, does Wordpress allow me to first launch it until I build my audience (with blog and newsletters, etc.) and then turn it into an e-commerce site, without going to shopify as their rates are 20-25% per sale? 2. I also would like to implement my own design content into the website to be displayed on the pages that I’d like to get more engagement such as videos, animations, infographics and stuff, would Wordpress allow that? and if the answer is no, then which other CMS you recommend? Highly appreciative of any possible answer :) thank you. Jamie April 1, 2019 at 8:16 am Hi Nicole WordPress is very flexible and versatile, so you’d be able to do both the things you want. You would be able to launch the site without ecom and then add it later. If you build it with Woocommerce or Ecwid.com‎, you’ll be able to populate the site with your products first and then switch on the ecom functionality when you’re ready to launch. Hope this helps. Jamie Lori January 23, 2019 at 9:44 pm Hi Jamie! Your website is great! Thank you! I’m new at this and not yet ready to launch a website but want to secure a domain name. I’m wondering if I can purchase the domain name and just park it? If so, what does that actually mean? Does the web host put it up online or just put it aside for me until I’m ready to build the web-site? If they do put it up online, how visible is it and do they put any content such as their info or advertising on it; or would I be able to put up something that would say something on it which shows it will be coming soon? Also, rather than transfering my blog content over, can I simply duplicate some of the content and leave both sites up or link up the existing blog to the new web-site? Thanks for your expertise! Jamie January 24, 2019 at 12:19 pm Hey Lori Sure you can buy the domain name and just park it. You don’t need to buy hosting straightaway. I use Namecheap.com* for this. I buy a domain that I like, then just have it sitting on Namecheap until I need to point it to a newly built site. All the best (* affiliate link) Adrienne January 4, 2019 at 12:38 pm Hi Jamie, thanks for a brilliant article. (I’ve read quite a few others of yours as well and am truly impressed by your no-nonsense style!) I have no experience with blogs other than what I read online. I would appreciate your help regarding a “shared” blog. A friend and I are considering contributing posts to the same blog. Is it allowed? …to “own” a blog together? If so, how would we do it; should we both follow the steps installing WordPress etc. and then one of us create it and the other just logs in with the username and password? Thanks in advance! Jamie January 7, 2019 at 1:33 pm It’s totally ok to share a blog. You only need to install WordPress once on your server. Once you have login details, your friend can login using your admin and password and create his or her own account. Then once they have their own account, they can login as themselves and whatever they publish will be credited to them. Stive sara October 1, 2018 at 5:53 pm Hello, I’m pretty new to the whole web development/design aspect of things. I’ve tinkered before with free things but more specifically with forum design. I’m very interested in building a website but aside from having a main traditional website feel I’m looking to incorporate a forum to it. Would it be possible to do this with this WordPress/BlueHost tutorial here? Or would there be something you recommend for that sort of thing? Thanks Jamie October 3, 2018 at 7:14 pm Very easy to do – either add on BBPress a commonly used WordPress plugin or go for a separate forum platform like phpBB Nancy V July 9, 2018 at 10:55 pm Hi Jamie, I would like to launch an online platform where people can leave reviews. Think of Yelp. In the future I’d like my users to be able to upload data as well. You can imagine this will be a complex platform long-term. Do you recommend to start with an online website builder like WordPress, Wix, etc or to have actual developers start from scratch? Looking forward to your response! Thanks! Zoe Gee July 4, 2018 at 2:55 pm Hi Jamie, I was wondering whether word-press has a feature that enables you to add a members area, accessible only by login, to the website. I guess perhaps like an intranet area. If so, how do I go about this? Thanks! Jamie July 15, 2018 at 9:47 pm Sure. You can do this by installing plugins like WP Members. There’s a load more plugins you can use. Check them out and see which one fits your requirements. David French June 15, 2018 at 10:42 am Hi Jamie, So glad I found your site. I am in the process of making a website using Weebly that my hosting company offers for free. I own my own domain. It has been fairly easy as you say. I am concerned about the limitations of the Weebly blog feature as far as backing up and exporting it. Can I integrate a WordPress blog into my Weebly site? My hosting company also has the one click install of WordPress. I have always shied away from WordPress as I have heard it is a challenge to use, but your article gives me a better perspective. Do I understand you correctly in that I could create my whole website with WordPress and not use Weebly? From what I have read on other sites, even though Weebly has the export feature, it is not compatible with other sites to upload. I also have my website and blog setup with mailchimp to send out emails once it is up and running. Would I no longer need mailchimp? Many Thanks, David Jamie July 15, 2018 at 9:57 pm Hi David If your site is running on Weebly, then you can’t integrate a WordPress blog into your current site. You can create a complete website with WordPress and not have to use Weebly. You can also integrate MailChimp into your email capture pages on your WordPress site, should you decide to build it away from Weebly. Hope that helps. Jamie Liv Berkeley August 1, 2019 at 9:44 pm Hi David, I have been designing websites on Wix for over 5 years. I recently designed one for a client and later found out that it needs to be ADA Compliant (Accessible). You can google “ADA Complaint Websites” and learn about this law. So many people are not aware of this law and it’s very important to know about it. Platforms like Weebly and Wix do not have all of the tools necessary to build a 100% ADA Compliant site. That’s why I am learning WordPress. I now have to re-design the entire site for my client to ensure that it complies with all ADA Standards (WCGA 2.0 AA). I would suggest that you learn WordPress so you don’t run into this same issue. You can still use Weebly for simple sites that will not need to be ADA Compliant. But you will be prepared by knowing WordPress if you do come across a situation like I did. I have been learning today and it already seems like it’s not going to be difficult once I get the hang of it. I haven’t started designing with it yet. I need to learn more. But so far, I am loving the class. Also, WordPress seems to be the standard for web design these days. I stayed away from it for a long time also because I thought it would be difficult. But I came across a situation that has forced me to learn it. Now that I have started the class, I’m very happy and I know that I am going to love it. I will be able to use both if I want to. Good luck with your blog :) Aljja B May 31, 2018 at 11:16 am Hi Jamie, Very nice of you to give us this understandable and detailed description of how to make a website. To be honest I haven´t started yet but I do have one question before that: is there a time frame of how long the website (letś say build through wordpress) will exist? i have built some blogs previously which experied at one point, the domain simply did not exist anymore. I am looking to build a website which will develop throughout time, ideally lifetime. thanks! Jamie June 1, 2018 at 7:39 am As long as you keep paying for the hosting and the domain name, your site should not disappear. Ruby B March 28, 2018 at 12:29 pm Hi Jamie, I am in the process of rejuvenating my current website. I have someone out of house running it remotely, but want to switch to run it in house myself. I’ve decided to run it via Wix.com, simply because I found it easier to use. However, in some of their more premium (and expensive) packages, they offer x amount of email campaigns with the more expensive packages.. I already have four email accounts set up via the pre-existing website and don’t want these to become void.. I own the pre existing domain already (and want to keep it, which is possible via Wix). Will my pre existing email accounts remain viable even if I switch to a new website company? Can you give me some clarity on the repercussions of switching to Wix.com (I am planning to pay the minimum which allows me get rid of any Wix adverts) will have on my pre existing site in reference to the email accounts already set up. Hope this makes sense! Ruby Jamie July 24, 2018 at 2:22 pm You can run the email services via another service such as Google Suite or Zoho you don’t have to use Wix. If you want to learn more about Wix I suggest you checkout my Wix Review. Ahadi Amri March 13, 2018 at 11:55 am Thank you sir, I would like to have my own web page, pls let me know how much it cost and how long it’ll take. Thanks again. Ahadi Amri Jamie March 15, 2018 at 11:50 am Hi Ahadi, If you follow my tutorial the cost of hosting for 36 months will be around $150-200 depending on the package you choose for your website. You also get a free domain name worth $15 for the first year. WordPress is free. If you want a premium WordPress theme this might cost any where from $30 to $150. If you were to hire a web designer to build a website for you then this could cost any where from $500+ for a very basic 4 page website to $100,000+ for large complex sites. Oh and you would still have to buy the hosting & domain too. Jamie Lisa Porter March 3, 2018 at 9:31 pm Hi Jamie. How easy or difficult will it be to transfer my 10 year old Google Blogger blog to WordPress? Lisa Jamie March 6, 2018 at 5:10 pm Hi Lisa It’s quite easy to transfer across the content, images etc. If you have your own domain then it might need a little work to map your old URLs to the new ones but very do-able. If you have a blogspot.com domain then unfortunately you WILL lose any search rankings and traffic as it is not possible to move the URLs. This is why I always tell people to use their own domain name even with free platforms. Jamie Kris February 16, 2018 at 10:00 pm Hey Jamie, Big ups for the great work and the way you organized it…WOW! As most people here I am new to this and as I finally decided to create a website of my own I have a few questions for which I apologize in advance as I can easily assume they are a bit dull… If I follow the great instructions you’ve outlined: 1) Will I be able to create a website in several languages 2) How does the question with google stand – will I be able to “control” key words in order to get my website easily discovered by potential clients/viewers 3) Will I be able to upload video content (nothing heavy – short diy vids) 4) In case I do not manage to do well with my host name will I have the option to change it or I should end and redo everything allover. Thank you in advance! Have a good one :) Jamie February 21, 2018 at 1:30 pm Hi Kris 1. Yes – you will be able to target different languages and locations with your website. There are some good multilingual plugins for WordPress 2. You will need to read up on hreflang – there’s lots of articles out there but it basically it is a small piece of html you add to your pages which tells Google I want this page to show in search results for French users and this version for English. 3. You can upload video content but to be honest it’s often better to embed content from Youtube – that way you can show up on Youtube too. 4. You will need to buy another domain name – but you can keep the hosting account especially if you’ve paid for 2-3 years Jamie Jose Phine January 8, 2018 at 9:50 pm That’s a great post for the newbie who is trying to build his own website. Thanks a lot for the nice details content. Kevin Talbot January 2, 2018 at 9:41 pm Jamie, Great article – thanks!! I intend to set up as Amazon affiliate, However neither WordPress OR Wix seem to support the Image and Text links generated by Amazon I have tried linking it to text as well with no luck. Have Googled issue, but no luck Thoughts? Jamie January 4, 2018 at 11:11 am Kevin If you are having difficulties setting up an Amazon/WordPress site then check my article on starting an Amazon affiliate website. A great plugin you might like is Easyazon* (review) which makes it super easy to add Amazon product links, photos and more. Dorothy Anne Schultz December 5, 2017 at 6:20 am Just read all about setting up a Web site. there is sure lots of information to get into my 82-year-old brain.!!! It seems very complicated.. I will read your material again. Jamie December 7, 2017 at 8:38 pm 82 years old!! WOW! Good on you! My father-in-law is 82 and he can barely work out how to change channels! Let me know if you need any help. Happy to give you a few pointers along the way. Max November 13, 2017 at 12:27 pm Hi jamie, Your blog is pretty interesting, but what about a website full coded by your hand? I heard about ReactJS, AngularJS, ASP.NET, Bootstrap etc (I never did any web development). Because today, after 4years and half of development, well, I can code in C/C++ (advanced programs), .NET (WPF, UWP, Xamarin), Java (Softwares, Android), Go (API, WS) but I never did any website or webapp, so I would like to get into it. I feel like today it’s an important part so why not. But yeah, I feel like WordPress is high-level and I’m more a low-level dev, so what would be the best way to start or just the best approach overall? Thank for your answer :) I hope my comment is understandable ! Jamie November 16, 2017 at 1:09 pm Hi Max If you are comfortable with Web Development then certainly there are other options to building your first website. This tutorial is aimed at beginners but if you are more confident with how servers work, GIT and the latest JS web development methods (JAM Stack) then it might be worth looking at something along the lines of Jekyll or Hugo. Jamie Amir Abedi November 5, 2017 at 7:06 pm Hello Jamie Thanks for the great work on your blog. I am researching to build a website for a dental practice that I am buying. It is a small practice so cannot justify paying someone right now to build the site for me, hence thinking DIY solutions. I am not totally convinced by Website builders such as Wix, so more inclined to try WordPress. Based on my requirements, I am guessing I need to take their Business plan (£20.83/month). As my patients would be able to book appointments online and also pay online. It also has SOE tools. Is this a good choice? For hosting on Bluehost, I can use their Plus plan as you have recommended. For the purpose of maintaining my patient’s privacy and to have generally enhanced website security, would you advise me to go for a more expensive plan such as Go Pro or even their “optimized hosting for WordPress” ($20/month)? Lastly, I prefer .co.uk to .com but none of these two would provide it. Any suggestions? So sorry about my long question and thank you in advance if you take time to answer it. Regards. Amir Jamie November 9, 2017 at 10:33 am Hi Amir WordPress would be a good fit for you if you’re starting up a dental practice. Themes like this one are pretty good, and has the functionality that you require. Yes, I’d advise you to get the “Plus” package. You can get that for $5.95 a month. Don’t bother getting the expensive business one, as it’s not needed just yet for your small website. If you’re based in the UK, then I’d get a .co.uk domain, which Bluehost do offer ( get it for free when you sign up to hosting ) Oladele Odunsh October 19, 2017 at 5:31 pm Hello, Thanks for your tutorial. Can I start building my site though all the contents are not fully typed nor ready? Jakey October 9, 2017 at 2:40 pm Hello, I’m pretty new to the whole web development/design aspect of things. I’ve tinkered before with free things but more specifically with forum design. I’m very interested in building a website but aside from having a main traditional website feel I’m looking to incorporate a forum to it. Would it be possible to do this with this WordPress/BlueHost tutorial here? Or would there be something you recommend for that sort of thing? Jamie October 9, 2017 at 9:59 pm Yes you can. There’s a one click install on Bluehost called phpBB. Cheska Joyce E. Eugenio September 14, 2017 at 12:25 pm Can I have no monthly or either a yearly fee because I just need to create my website for as my school project….??? Jamie September 15, 2017 at 10:57 am Sure, but you’ll have to create a site on WordPress.com or Blogger. Have a look at some of these free blogging platforms that you could use for your school project. Shaye B September 13, 2017 at 8:26 pm Hi, I am a complete newbie here, so forgive me for asking a stupid question. If I wanted to do affiliate marketing, can I use WordPress,org? I was under the impression WordPress.org does not allow ads unless tehy are your own. Thanks for your help. Shaye Jamie September 15, 2017 at 11:00 am Hi Shaye WordPress.org is where you self host your website with hosting like Bluehost. WordPress.com is the free blogging platform that gives you hosting for free, but the downside is that you can’t monetize it with ads. Shaye B September 17, 2017 at 7:38 pm So the answer is yes? Arthur Rudick September 13, 2017 at 5:48 pm I only have very basic computer skills. Here is what I want to do: create an interactive city map where users can post their photos and text to points on the map and limit the time that a user’s post will remain on the map. Can I do that with WordPress? Jamie September 15, 2017 at 11:01 am I suppose it’s possible, but if you’re a newbie to Web Dev, then it sounds like you’ll need some professional help. Stephanie Lariviere September 12, 2017 at 6:35 pm Hi Jamie, I was wondering if the Site Backup Pro option (2.99$ per month billed to end of hosting term) on BlueHost is really necessary. Is the 5.45$ per month for 36 months is enough or do I need all the other options with the Plus Plan? Because it raises the price substantially!! Thanks a lot for your help and great website! Jamie September 12, 2017 at 9:06 pm I would say that it isn’t worth getting the Site Backup Pro as there are countless free plugins that can do the same sort of thing. Plus plan is more than enough. Ab Tsegaye September 12, 2017 at 10:27 am Hello Jamie Very clear & helpful guide thanks. I had a couple of questions if you could answer me please I am totally new for the whole web development & designing . I am recently trying to set up a website which basically is a platform for medical professionals that includes their detail data , information , photos and work experiences . I am expecting to register more than 500 professionals in a three to 6 months time. So basically the web site will be a portfolio of professionals. My questions is how do i calculate how much space i need for the hosting , even though i am expecting 500 professionals the number might increase in a year maybe more than 2000. My other questions is do you think word press is suitable for this website am trying to create. You think i can handle with word press the complexity of the designing & building the website which basically is creating profiles of professionals uploading pictures and personal information or should i take courses for web designing. thanks Jamie September 28, 2017 at 2:11 pm Hi Ab WordPress would easily be able to handle 2000 pages and unless you were expecting huge traffic then that number of pages would easily be managed on a shared hosting account. Once the site was generating enough revenue and traffic then it might be time to look at upgrading to something like WordPress managed hosting. Jamie Linda August 20, 2017 at 8:39 pm Hi Jamie, I am an artist and want to build a website where people can go to see my work. I may or may not set it up to purchased from the website. Is WordPress going to be the best web building program for me? Thanks Jamie August 21, 2017 at 1:38 pm Hi Linda Yes, WordPress would be a great platform for you. There’s literally thousands of portfolio website themes on the WordPress platform that would be perfect for your type of business. Or you can check out wix which also has some great portfolio themes as well as a much easier web building UI ( drag and drop ) Hope that helps Jamie Jaime Lavalle August 11, 2017 at 7:36 am Does bluehost have control of ads on a website you’re paying for? I Jamie August 11, 2017 at 1:17 pm No. With Bluehost you have full control of your website as its your hosting and your own domain name. Jaime Lavalle August 11, 2017 at 4:57 pm Ok sorry if I’m not getting this? Do I use your link to bluehost first and then use the one-click WordPress or WordPress then get bluehost? Thank you Robert Koyle August 9, 2017 at 5:02 pm Hi Jamie! I bought a condo in Puerto Vallarta this last year that I am wanting to make available to friends and family. I want to create a simple, yet attractive, website with photos, descriptions, local information and an availability calendar that I can keep updated. I don’t want to use one of the major vacation rental websites as I don’t want to open the property to the world. I have no experience at all in website design, however I’m a reasonably intelligent person. How reasonable is it that I would be able to create the website I am imagining using your tutorial, and would you still think WordPress is the best option for what I am envisioning? Jamie August 10, 2017 at 7:23 am WordPress is great for this as they have pre-designed themes with the functionality behind it. If you self host with Bluehost then buy this theme you will have the foundations to create a really slick website for your holiday home. WordPress is user friendly and with my tutorial, you should be fine. But if you feel that its a bit beyond you, then you might want something a bit easier, as in a drag and drop web builder. Wix is great for this and they have quite a few holiday home themes that have the functionality that you’ll require. You can sign up to Wix for free to trial it out. Good luck and do let me know how you get on. Jamie Rudra Goyal July 18, 2017 at 2:40 pm I seriously could have used this guide on Sunday when I was struggling to move my domain from Dreamhost to Bluehost… I got through but you just outlined everything that I had to do. Great guide!! Jamie July 19, 2017 at 7:10 am Nice one Rudra! Glad you’ve sorted it all out now. All the best! Mark Hague June 8, 2017 at 8:05 am Hi Jamie, I am currently looking at setting up a blog for the area I specialise in. I am aware of wordpress.org but have been a bit daunted by the number of webhosts out there offering this and that. One particular issue is that I use macs and I was wondering whether bluehost is compatible with the mac, and whether there are any other extra steps I have to take when using a mac over windows. Would it be as simple as registering with a webhost then clicking one-step installation on a mac? Jamie June 11, 2017 at 7:30 pm Hi Mark You can build a WordPress blog / site on Mac or PC. It doesn’t matter which you have as it works on both systems. Arindam Roychowdhury May 24, 2017 at 9:48 am Hi Jamie. I am not a web developer (yet) but I am aspiring to become one some day. I am using Django Framwork for the backend. But for the frontend , I am confused. Should I study HTML , CSS and javascript and then build a website (frontend) from scratch? Or should I not waste time , and just get a theme from wordpress? How much control over the look and feel of the website do we have, when we use these themes pre-tailored for us? Jamie May 24, 2017 at 11:07 am Hey Arindam, This tutorial is designed to help beginners get started on their own so WordPress and a pre made theme are a great way to dive in and build a website from scratch. You can of course design your own WordPress theme or pick up a premium theme such as Bridge, Divi or X-Theme from Themeforest which you can customise a fair bit. I have a post on fronted frameworks too if that helps you. Regards Jamie Oliver Jackson May 22, 2017 at 10:30 pm @ Nelson- I totally agree with Jamie!… @Jamie- wow! nice site…Really helping me out..Keep up the great work.. Nelson Kane April 29, 2017 at 6:41 pm I respectably disagree with your thoughts about WordPress. I used it for 4 years, and I found it very hard to use. Also, it looks very old-fashioned. From my own experience, I would not recommend it to anyone. To use it, you have to know what plugins are, and exactly how to use them. The people who advised me, who had advanced computing degrees, did not know how to solve certain problems with it. If you want to attach a message board or forum to it, you can forget that. WordPress can’t handle it. I’ll give Dupral a try this time. Good luck! Jamie May 2, 2017 at 8:54 am Hi Nelson Well you would be one of the very few that find WordPress harder to use than Drupal!!! Drupal is an absolute beast to learn! With WordPress you can have a functioning, slick and professional website up in under 3 hours. With Drupal, you’ll be lucky to even have a site, if you’re a novice at web building. Plugins on the WordPress platform is easy to install. It’s literally one click, so I’m not sure where you’re coming from with your comment. Good luck with Drupal. You’ll certainly need it my friend! LOL Ean Jackson November 26, 2018 at 7:51 pm I manage a running club. On the advice of a pal, we used Drupal to develop the club website. This went well enough when my pal managed the Drupal site, but when he got too busy, the thing became a nightmare. Our club management (a handful of runners) ended up spending an inordinate amount of time and money addressing Drupal updates and hacks and technical stuff that was far removed from doing what we loved and were good with (managing a running club.) We eventually moved the dynamic part of the club (day-to-day questions, race reports, etc.) to Facebook and the static stuff (general info about the club) to WordPress. WordPress is still a hairball for a non-tech person to manage, but a walk-in-the-park compared to Drupal. Enjoy the journey! Wim Van der Plaetse April 3, 2017 at 6:12 am Hi Jamie I have a couple of wordpress websites and I have some trouble with spammers and hackers. Do you have some tips or tricks for that (maybe a great plugin)? My blog has been hacked 4 times now and I’m a little bit pissed of lately :) By the way, great website you have here! Kind regards Wim Van der Plaetse Jamie April 4, 2017 at 1:24 pm Hi Wim I have some recommended products that might help you in this post https://makeawebsitehub.com/wordpress-security/ Jamie Chris Makoumbou March 31, 2017 at 4:31 pm Hey Jamie! Fellow web developer here, just wanted to ask you a question (if you don’t mind). You said you have been building websites since the beginning of the internet, from your point of view, do you think web developers & designers will be replaced by website builders at some point? Thanks Jamie March 31, 2017 at 7:10 pm Hi Chris Thanks for stopping by. I personally don’t think site builders will ever replace web designers/developers completely. Most site builders are targeted at small businesses and could never meet the demands required for larger businesses with all their complex requirements. I think Shopify plus is the only product trying to take on the larger CMS platforms right now (e.g. Magenta, Demandware) in the eCommerce space Jamie David Garretson March 30, 2017 at 1:53 am Hi Jamie: I have an online store on eBay and sell collectible postage stamps from all parts of the world. Their auction site is awesome but their fees are becoming outrageous. When you add that to the fees from PayPal, I’m not sure who I am really working for. First of all, is there an auction house plugin that resembles eBay what you recommend. And secondly, what is the minimum amount of memory my computer should have? I would have about 250 listings at any one time that would last 7-10 days. Thank you for your help. Dave Jamie March 30, 2017 at 11:06 am Hi David I feel your pain. That’s why I wrote a post on it last year. https://makeawebsitehub.com/create-auction-site-like-ebay/ Hope this helps. Jamie Michael S March 19, 2017 at 1:19 pm Hi Jamie. As a TOTAL beginner to all this starting a website stuff, my head is already spinning. But following your instructions, I’ll probably muddle through. What I would like to know is… if someone builds a website, is their privacy protected? Ok, someone could find a website… but can they trace it to where it was created somehow? I want to start a politically opinionated website… and I don’t want any loonies who happen to disagree, being able to find me and cause me problems. Thanks/cheers. Michael Jamie March 20, 2017 at 11:45 am Hi Michael If you want to protect your identity then it’s always possible to consider writing under a pseudonym. You can also get Whois Privacy for your domain name to protect your name and address, however, it’s important to note that in some countries it’s not possible to run websites with Whois protection. If you are planning on it then I would do some more research into it. Jamie Loh Carl March 19, 2017 at 8:23 am Hello there! Is it also possible to change the background image or change the photos from the themes available in WordPress? Like can we customize them to match my business? Thank you. Jamie March 20, 2017 at 11:50 am Yes, absolutely Many themes have the ability to customise them. Some more so than others. Most themes will allow you to change the header image/logo as a bare minimum, many others will allow you to change the font and background colours quite easily too. If you need to make a lot of changes or can’t find anything that you are happy with it might be worth looking into finding a freelance web designer who has some experience with WordPress to give you a quote. Jamie MIKE HEATH March 13, 2017 at 5:22 pm Hi Jamie, and thank you for some great information. After all the work you put into it, I feel not a little stupid, in need to ask you anything else. The truth is I am a slightly long in the tooth septuagenarian with about as much nous as someone dropping in on a day trip from the fourteenth century. I want to promote (tell as many people as possible) about my new book, and hopefully, sell one or two. Trouble is, and I’ve tried to navigate quite a few, but within minutes, as a complete Luddite – I get completely bogged down. I even managed to make a mess of the WordPress option. All I need is the most basic site with detail and a pic of my book. I don’t need a pay page and am happy just to direct people to Amazon etc. should they wish to purchase. Even writing this I feel sure you have covered everything I am asking here. But could you offer some suggestions on the best way forward? I should add here (and I know there would be options for me should money not be a problem) that unfortunately throwing a lot of money at this is (unfortunately) not an option. Again my thanks Mike Heath Jamie March 13, 2017 at 8:26 pm Hello Mike I hear your pain. I know creating a website can be daunting, especially to someone who has never ventured into the online world, but let me assure you that it is really quite simple. If you don’t want to head down the road of building your own self hosted WordPress site, then I would suggest signing up to WordPress.com. This is the free version of WordPress where you can get your site up and running in no time and with no costs whatsoever. Sounds like you just need a no frills, no bells, no whistles type of website. If that’s the case then WordPress.com could be the option for you. Another option would be to set yourself up with Wix or Weebly site, where you can get yourself a free account and use their drag and drop functionality to create your website. Much simpler than WordPress.com as the drag and drop web builder is a lot more user-friendly than the WordPress.com platform. I hope that answers your question, Mike. Feel free to drop me a line should you get stuck. All the best. Jamie R.S. Turner February 14, 2019 at 12:19 pm Mike’s question is uncannily close to my own – Jamie’s reply to him helps me greatly. Thank you! Another ‘slightly long in the tooth septuagenarian’ Comments are closed. Site LinksAffiliate Disclaimer Cheat Sheets Privacy & Cookie Policy © 2024 Make A Website Hub