National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) Home Page, a part of the U.S. Department of Education Skip Navigation IES NCES National Center for Education Statistics Surveys & Programs Annual Reports Condition of Education Digest of Education Statistics Projections of Education Statistics Topical Studies National Assessments National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) Program for the International Assessment of Adult Competencies (PIAAC) International Assessments International Activities Program (IAP) Early Childhood Early Childhood Longitudinal Study (ECLS) National Household Education Survey (NHES) Elementary/ Secondary Common Core of Data (CCD) Secondary Longitudinal Studies Program Education Demographic and Geographic Estimates (EDGE) National Teacher and Principal Survey (NTPS) more... Library Library Statistics Program Postsecondary Baccalaureate and Beyond (B&B) Career/Technical Education Statistics (CTES) Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) National Postsecondary Student Aid Study (NPSAS) more... Data Systems, Use, & Privacy Common Education Data Standards (CEDS) National Forum on Education Statistics Statewide Longitudinal Data Systems Grant Program - (SLDS) more... Resources Distance Learning Dataset Training National Postsecondary Education Cooperative (NPEC) Statistical Standards Program more... Data & Tools Downloads Microdata/Raw Data Delta Cost Project IPEDS Data Center How to apply for Restricted Use License Online Codebook Online Analysis ACS-ED Tables Data Lab Elementary Secondary Information System International Data Explorer IPEDS Data Center NAEP Data Explorer School and College Search ACS Dashboard College Navigator Private Schools Public School Districts Public Schools Search for Schools and Colleges Comparison Tools NAEP State Profiles (nationsreportcard.gov) Public School District Finance Peer Search Education Finance Statistics Center IPEDS Data Center Questionnaire Tools NAEP Question Tool NAAL Questions Tool Geographic Tools ACS-ED Dashboard ACS-ED Maps Locale Lookup MapEd SAFEMap School and District Navigator Other Tools Bibliography ED Data Inventory Fast Facts Assessments Early Childhood Elementary and Secondary Postsecondary and Beyond Resources Special Topics News & Events NCES Blog What's New at NCES Conferences/Training NewsFlash Funding Opportunities Press Releases StatChat Publications & Products Search Publications and Products Annual Reports Restricted-use Data Licenses Recent Publications By Subject Index A-Z By Survey & Program Areas Data Products Last 6 Months About Us About NCES Commissioner Contact NCES Staff Help Contact Tools ED.gov Newsflash NCES Blog X Facebook Search box Improved NAEP Data Explorer Now Available Create accounts, custom tables, charts, maps and reports for current NAEP results. Digest of Education Statistics The 56th edition of the Digest contains statistics about every level of education, from prekindergarten to graduate school. Results from the 2022 Mathematics and Reading Assessments are Here! In 2022, NAEP measured the knowledge of the nation's fourth- and eighth-graders in mathematics and reading at the national, state, and district levels. Find the Right College for You Use College Navigator to search and compare information about postsecondary institutions across the country. MapED A collection of mapping tools that provide geographic context to social, economic, and educational conditions. School Pulse Panel Dashboard Monthly data on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on K-12 education are now available. Your School and District at a Glance The School and District Navigator makes it easy to view and compare information about your district or school. The National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) is the primary federal entity for collecting and analyzing data related to education. Learn more about NCES About Us Surveys and Programs Publications and Products Data and Tools What's New at NCES Feb29 NCES Releases Student Reports of Bullying: Results From the 2022 School Crime Supplement to the National Crime Victimization Survey.This report presents national-level estimates of bullying among students in grades 6–12 in U.S. public and private schools. » More info Feb21 School Pulse Panel U.S. Outlying Area Data: December 2023 Results from NCES The December 2023 School Pulse Panel (SPP) U.S. Outlying Area data release provides information on school facilities, teacher planning time, instructional coaches, and family engagement strategies during the 2023-24 school year, as reported by school staff in public schools in American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. » More info Feb15 Nearly One Third of Public Schools Have One or More Portable Buildings in Use at Their School.The December 2023 School Pulse Panel (SPP) release provides information on public school facilities and topics related to learning recovery, including teacher planning time, the availability of instructional coaches, and parental engagement strategies schools are using during the 2023-24 school year, as reported by school staff in U.S. public schools. » More info Feb7 2022-2023 Long-Term Trend Reading and Mathematics Assessment at Age 9 and 13This report presents the results of the NAEP long-term trend assessments in reading and mathematics administered during the 2021-22 and 2022-23 school years to nationally representative samples of 9- and 13-year-old students. » More info NCES Video Highlights The Condition of Education is an annual report to Congress summarizing important developments and trends in the U.S. education system. The report presents 50 indicators on topics ranging from prekindergarten through postsecondary education, as well as labor force outcomes and international comparisons. Discover how you can use the Condition of Education to stay informed about the latest education data. Watch Here Data Snapshot SOURCE: High School Longitudinal Study of 2009 (HSLS:09), 2021. » More info COVID Mitigation Protocols Learn more about our health and safety measures for COVID-19. Condition of Education Browse key indicators on the condition of education in the United States at all levels, from prekindergarten through postsecondary, as well as labor force outcomes and international comparisons. The indicators summarize important developments and trends using the latest statistics, which are updated throughout the year as new data become available. Condition of Education homepage Download the latest report Latest Posts from the NCES Blog Follow @EdNCES IES NCES National Center for Education Statistics Join Newsflash NCES Blog EdNCES X EdNCES Facebook EdNCES LinkedIn EdNCES YouTube Explore the Institute of Education Sciences IES Home About Publications Data Funding News IES Centers NCEE NCER NCES Home About Programs Publications Data Data Training School Search News Kids' Zone NCSER IES Policies and Standards ED Data Inventory IES Diversity Statement NCES Statistical Standards Peer Review Process Privacy and Security Policies Public Access Policy Contact Us U.S. Department of Education Additional Resources ERIC Sitemap Organizational Chart