Commercial real estate | Property investment | JLL Skip to main content United States Americas Argentina Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Mexico Peru United States Europe Middle East and Africa Belgium Finland France Germany Ireland Israel Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Poland Portugal Saudi Arabia Spain Sub-Saharan Africa Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Asia Pacific Australia China (Mainland) Chinese Taipei (Taiwan) Hong Kong SAR, China India Indonesia Japan Korea Macau SAR, China Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Thailand Vietnam United States Americas Argentina Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Mexico Peru United States Europe Middle East and Africa Belgium Finland France Germany Ireland Israel Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Poland Portugal Saudi Arabia Spain Sub-Saharan Africa Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Asia Pacific Australia China (Mainland) Chinese Taipei (Taiwan) Hong Kong SAR, China India Indonesia Japan Korea Macau SAR, China Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Thailand Vietnam Properties Find properties - Browse properties for sale or lease that fit your location and unique needs. Need help deciding on a location? Need to identify the right space for you? Investment properties Find the right property to add to your investment portfolio. Leasing space Find commercial properties for lease across the US. Property auctions A market place for commercial real estate live global auction events. Capital Markets Capital Markets & investor services - Explore investment sales, advisory, and financing for all commercial property types. Explore all Capital Markets services Investment sales & advisory Debt advisory Equity advisory Capital Markets quants Property management Agency lending Derivative advisory Distressed asset services Loan sales Value & risk advisory Leasing Leasing - Invest in or lease property, and create environments that attract tenants, employees, or buyers. Need to identify the right space for you? Find a broker Find a real estate broker in your area. Agency leasing Improve value through positioning, marketing and leasing of vacant space in owned assets. Lease administration Strategically manage critical lease events and terms. Tenant representation Find spaces and negotiate lease terms to help your business thrive. Occupier services Occupier services - Access solutions for retaining talent, enhancing employee experience, and reducing costs that improve productivity and optimize spaces for occupiers. Explore all occupier services Portfolio management Occupancy & space planning Location strategy Tenant representation Workplace strategy Project management Design solutions Infrastructure advisory Construction management Relocation & move management Integrated facilities management Engineering & operations Experience services Smart buildings Technology Technology - Explore better ways to find, grow and run commercial properties with our innovative portfolio of real estate technology. Explore all JLL technologies Tech-powered solutions See how JLL pairs technology with unmatched real estate services and expertise. Intelligent real estate products Visit jllt.com to explore the tech products that are defining the future of real estate. AI for commercial real estate Learn how JLL is harnessing generative AI to deliver greater client outcomes. Sustainability Sustainability - Accelerate your journey to become a more sustainable, more resilient, more responsible enterprise with sustainability solutions from JLL. Sustainability services Get financial, environmental, and social returns with sustainability solutions. Sustainability leadership Find out how our leading sustainability practices contribute to a better world. Industries Industries - Address your industry’s unique needs and support your organization’s strategy with data-driven real estate solutions. Alternatives Contact centers Data centers Education Financial services Food and beverage Government Healthcare Hotels & hospitality Industrial Law firms Life sciences Multifamily Office Retail Seniors housing Sports and entertainment Technology Explore JLL Your needs Trends & insights Client stories News Careers People finder About us Find out how we offer brighter ways of thinking across the globe for our colleagues, clients and communities. Your needs Find valuable services to support your business at every stage of your journey. Find & lease space Design & deliver projects Invest in real estate Manage property & portfolio Transform with technology Trends & insights Stay up to date with the market trends shaping the future of real estate. Cities Investor Workplace Webinars Research View all insights Client stories Find out how we create brighter ways of working with our partners around the globe. Explore all client stories Funlab scores a hole-in-one Funlab had a grand vision to bring their Holey Moley mini-golf concept to life in the United States and preserving its retro, unique brand identity was a non-negotiable Rush University Medical Center bolsters patient experience JLL sets Chicago’s Rush University Medical Center up to create a world-class facilities management operation News Find media contacts, and get access to commercial real estate news and announcements. Get the news Landmark mixed-use asset in Houston, Texas trades to new owner JLL Capital Markets closed the sale of River Oaks District, a landmark, 663,408-square-foot, luxury mixed-use asset located in Houston, Texas Search for power pushes emerging data center markets into the spotlight JLL’s new H2 2023 North American Data Center Report details the strong demand for data centers coupled with limited power and land availability is shifting occupiers to new markets. Careers Create a brighter future with a career in real estate. Explore life at JLL We empower you to shape a brighter way forward. Learn more about working at JLL. Join our talent network Enhance your job search, speed up the application process or simply learn more about life at JLL. Learn about our culture Our respect for one another creates an environment where everyone’s voice is heard. Apply for a job People finder Find experts ready to help solve your commercial real estate challenges. Search by name or location Find an expert by name or by state, province, or city. Search by industry or service Find an expert unique to your industry or business objectives. Find an expert About us Find out how we use technology & expertise to create a brighter future for all. About JLL Find out how we shape the future of real estate for a better world. Investor relations Explore our annual report and latest corporate information. JLL leadership Get to know JLL's global leadership team. Locations Find real estate services, solutions and partners at JLL locations near you. Contact Contact us We combine technology with global expertise to solve any real estate challenge. Let us know what you're interested in and we'll get back to you shortly. Contact us Find an expert With over 10,000 experts across the globe, we're ready to help you buy, build, occupy, and invest in commercial real estate assets. Find an expert Find a location We have over 300 offices in every major city around the world. Find out more about our experise in your region, state, or city. Find a location Global real estate outlook What's in store for global real estate in 2024? Our perspectives on the impact of economic and geopolitical trends on global real estate markets Learn more Davos 2024 Driving progress & partnership From advancing the journey to net zero to demonstrating how AI can augment productivity in our workplaces, discover what's on our agenda at Davos. Explore AI for real estate Meet CRE’s first secure GPT model JLL GPT is the first generative AI model for commercial real estate, purpose-built to deliver insights to clients in a whole new way. Learn more Decarbonize Your real estate portfolio Create a data-driven decarbonization plan that’s built for action, powered by JLL's Carbon Pathfinder technology. Get Started Predictions What came true in recent months? Whether real estate forecasts were right or wrong, there are lessons to be learned that can help us see where we’re headed. Learn more Real estate news & trends Find media contacts, and get access to commercial real estate news and announcements. View all news Research Latest Economic Office Industrial Retail Global | February 27, 2024 Global Real Estate Perspective February 2024 JLL's regular view on global real estate dynamics, covering: investment, office, logistics, retail, hotels and living, as well as CRE market trends. It is a unique combination of updates from professionals on the ground and insights from our leading research experts. United States | February 28, 2024 | Data Centers North America Data Center Report The quest for power moves development into new frontiers United States | February 14, 2024 | Retail | Land United States Retail Outlook Q4 2023 Discounters cash in on consumers’ thirst for deals See all research May 31, 2023 CRE Insider: Watch the latest on the Phoenix Supply Chain United States | Investor | April 05, 2023 The data strikes back United States | Investor | March 29, 2023 Fed Flinches? See all research Global | Workplace | January 24, 2024 Global occupier trends to watch in 2024 United States | January 22, 2024 West Palm Beach Office Insight - Q4 2023 United States | January 22, 2024 St. Louis Office Insight - Q4 2023 See all research United States | February 12, 2024 United States Industrial Outlook | Q4 2023 United States | January 29, 2024 Jacksonville Industrial Insight - Q4 2023 United States | January 29, 2024 Indianapolis Industrial Insight - Q4 2023 See all research United States | Investor | February 26, 2024 Grocery Report 2024 United States | Investor | February 14, 2024 United States Retail Outlook Q4 2023 United States | December 05, 2023 City Retail 2024 See all research Your needs Find & lease space Move into your first office, find a new one with room to grow, or develop a complete location strategy Learn about finding space Manage property & portfolio Demand more from your real estate. Go beyond cost and risk mitigation. Learn about managing property Design & deliver projects Breathe life into old space, or create something brand new to help your people thrive. Learn about delivering projects Invest in real estate Uncover investment opportunities and capital sources – all over the world. Learn about investing Transform with technology Implement tools, processes, and strategies that improve the value and performance of your real estate. Learn about technology Don’t see what you’re looking for? Contact us directly Reach out Trends & Insights Latest Workplace Cities Investor Global | Investor | February 29, 2024 Can real estate transition funds get older buildings up to scratch? Retrofitting momentum is increasing but there’s a long road ahead for brown-to-green building transitions. Global | Investor | February 29, 2024 | Hotels & Hospitality Hotel brands check into new verticals Hotel companies are seeking fresh revenue streams from bespoke experiences and strategic partnerships. United States | Investor | February 27, 2024 | Office Offices a tale of the very best and the rest While investors grapple with new occupier demands and development challenges, the greatest opportunity of the next 10 years is unfolding. See all insights Global | Workplace | February 20, 2024 Rethinking industrial footprints: why occupiers are shifting strategies Companies embrace strategic consolidation, to drive efficiencies amid rising real estate costs Global | Workplace | January 18, 2024 Getting data centers ready for the AI boom With the rapid improvements in AI capabilities, are data centers doing enough to keep pace? Global | Workplace | January 16, 2024 Why mentoring is on the rise Firms are targeting greater employee engagement and performance See all insights Global | Cities | January 12, 2024 PODCAST: What’s in store for 2024? Hear about the potential risks and opportunities ahead in this Trends & Insights podcast Global | Cities | January 12, 2024 PODCAST: How businesses are tackling climate change naturally WWF and JLL experts delve into harnessing nature's power in the built environment Global | Cities | December 20, 2023 How next-generation real estate projects are shaping cities Cutting-edge developments are delivering smarter, greener, more human-centric cities See all insights Global | Investor | February 29, 2024 Can real estate transition funds get older buildings up to scratch? Retrofitting momentum is increasing but there’s a long road ahead for brown-to-green building transitions. Global | Investor | February 29, 2024 Hotel brands check into new verticals Hotel companies are seeking fresh revenue streams from bespoke experiences and strategic partnerships. United States | Investor | February 27, 2024 Offices a tale of the very best and the rest While investors grapple with new occupier demands and development challenges, the greatest opportunity of the next 10 years is unfolding. See all insights Find your next career with JLL 1 of 4 Find your next career with JLL Join us and help shape the future of real estate for a better world. Learn more 2 of 4 Global Real Estate Perspective November 2023 JLL’s latest Global Real Estate Perspective looks at market dynamics and the prospects for 2024 and beyond. Find out more 3 of 4 Diversity and inclusion Learn about our culture of belonging and our nine Business Resource Groups. Read more 4 of 4 Reimagine real estate's next normal Is your business prepared to thrive in a post-COVID-19 world? Learn how to build a workplace and portfolio that are future-fit. View the resources Latest news March 01, 2024 Landmark mixed-use asset in Houston, Texas trades to new owner JLL Capital Markets closed the sale of River Oaks District, a landmark, 663,408-square-foot, luxury mixed-use asset located in Houston, Texas February 28, 2024 Search for power pushes emerging data center markets into the spotlight JLL’s new H2 2023 North American Data Center Report details the strong demand for data centers coupled with limited power and land availability is shifting occupiers to new markets. February 21, 2024 Open-air power center in south Philadelphia secures $55M in financing JLL Capital Markets closed the $55M financing of Quartermaster Plaza, a shopping center located in in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. February 20, 2024 Consumer spending drives investor revival for urban retail in 2024 Urban retail is poised for an investor resurgence in 2024, underpinned by robust consumer spending, as well as record-low total retail vacancy. February 15, 2024 AI company Unlearn scales up for expansion in San Francisco JLL secures 17,220-square-foot lease at 303 Second Street to support Unlearn’s rapid growth See all news Client stories Office | Infrastructure BART’s inviting new headquarters deepens community roots and inspires talent—while fueling savings Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) Oakland headquarter move Non-Profits Building strength and dignity through real estate JLL finds local nonprofit KCSARC a new home to help them heal the people they serve See all client stories Contact us Find & lease space Property Management Design & deliver projects Invest in real estate Transform with technology Industries & sectors Trends & insights Information for vendors About JLL Careers Newsroom Our ESG and sustainability leadership program | JLL Investor relations Contact us - Real Estate Industry Services | JLL Follow us Copyright 2024 Jones Lang LaSalle IP, Inc. Privacy statement Privacy commitment Terms of Service Cookie Statement Vulnerability disclosure Site map