Solar Resource Data and Tools | Grid Modernization | NREL Skip to main content Toggle Search Search NREL.gov Search Grid Modernization Menu Research Research Renewable Energy Integration Grid Technologies & Systems Sensing & Predictive Analytics Power Systems Operations & Control Power Systems Design & Studies Security & Resilience Staff Publications Data & Tools Data & Tools Grid Data & Tools Solar Integration Data & Tools Wind Integration Data & Tools Facilities Work With Us » Grid Modernization » Solar Resource Data and Tools Solar Resource Data and Tools NREL provides solar resource data and tools to help energy system designers, building architects and engineers, renewable energy analysts, and others accelerate the integration of solar technologies on the grid. Near Real-Time Data Sets Baseline Measurement System Offers live solar radiation data from approximately 70 instruments on NREL's campus and historical measurements dating to 1981. Measurement and Instrumentation Data Center Provides irradiance and meteorological data from stations throughout the United States. Regularly Updated Data Sets National Solar Radiation Database Offers a serially complete collection of meteorological and solar irradiance data sets for the United States and a growing list of international locations. Historical Data Sets Circumsolar Radiation Data: The Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Reduced Data Base Provides detailed intensity profiles of the solar and circumsolar region, direct normal radiation data, and total hemispherical solar radiation data for 11 U.S. locations from 1976 to 1981. Cooperative Networks for Renewable Resource Measurements Solar Energy Resource Data Provides solar radiation and wind measurement data for select U.S. locations. Historically Black Colleges and Universities Solar Radiation Monitoring Network Provides five-minute measurements of solar irradiance for six stations in the southeastern United States from 1985 to 1996. National Aeronautics and Space Administration Remote Sensing Validation Data: Saudi Arabia Offers high-quality solar radiation monitoring data from a network of 12 stations in Saudi Arabia from 1995 to 2001. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Solar Data Provides archived solar radiation information from a network of 39 stations throughout the United States. Solar Energy Meteorological Research and Training Sites Data Set Provides solar resource data for five sites across the United States for dates ranging from 1979 to 1984. Solar Resource Variability Data Demonstrates the variability in both time and space of the solar resource across the United States. Solar Spectra Provides integrated standard spectral irradiance data for the United States from a variety of sources. Spectral Solar Radiation Data Base Provides spectral solar radiation data for several U.S. sites for 1986–1988. WEST Associates Solar Monitoring Network Provides solar resource data for 52 stations in six Western U.S. states for 1976–1980. Models and Tools Bird Clear Sky Model Estimates clear sky direct beam, hemispherical diffuse, and total hemispherical solar radiation for horizontal planes. Bird Simple Spectral Model Computes clear sky spectral direct beam, hemispherical diffuse, and hemispherical total irradiances on tilted or horizontal planes. DISC Model Estimates direct beam irradiance from user-supplied hourly average measured global horizontal data. Simple Model of the Atmospheric Radiative Transfer of Sunshine (SMARTS) Computes clear sky spectral irradiances for a set of user-specified atmospheric conditions. Solar and Moon Position Algorithm (SAMPA) Calculates the sun and moon position with very low uncertainty based on location, date, and time inputs for the years -2000–6000. Solar Position Algorithm (SPA) Calculates the solar position with very low uncertainty based on location, date, and time inputs for the years -2000–6000. Solar Position and Intensity (SOLPOS) Calculates the solar position and intensity based on location, date, and time inputs for the years 1950–2050. Publications Quality Assessment with SERI QC Provides a quality-control method for global horizontal, diffuse horizontal, and direct normal solar radiation data. SERI Standard Broadband Format: A Solar and Meteorological Data Archive Format, NREL Technical Report (1988) Describes a tape archival format appropriate for use with research-level solar radiation data. Solar Resource Glossary Defines solar radiation resource terms found in the data and tools collection. Renewable Energy Integration Grid Technologies & Systems Impedance Measurement Advanced Power Electronics & Smart Inverters Generation & Storage Models Microgrids Grid Simulation & Power Hardware-in-the-Loop Protection Black Start Standards & Codes Sensing & Predictive Analytics Solar Measurement & Modeling Wind Sensing & Modeling Solar & Wind Forecasting Load Modeling & Forecasting State Estimation & Forecasting Dynamic State Estimation Dynamic Reserves & Flexibility Estimation Stability Assessment and Control Power Systems Operations & Controls Home & Building Energy Management Systems Microgrid Controls Distributed Optimization & Control Advanced Distribution Management Systems Autonomous Energy Systems Control Room of the Future Distributed Energy Resource Management Systems Power Systems Design & Studies Integrated Energy Systems Transient & Dynamic Stability Analysis Distribution Integration Transmission Integration Power Market Design Security & Resilience Grid Data & Tools Solar Integration Data & Tools Solar Power Data for Integration Studies Solar Integration National Dataset Toolkit Solar Resource Data & Tools Wind Integration Data & Tools Eastern & Western Data Sets Wind Integration National Dataset Toolkit Share National Renewable Energy Laboratory About Research Partner With Us News Careers Contact Us Visit Subscribe to NREL Accessibility Disclaimer Security and Privacy Site Feedback Content Editors Developers Employees The National Renewable Energy Laboratory is a national laboratory of the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, operated by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy LLC. Grid Modernization Delivered to Your Inbox × Subscribe to NREL's Energy Systems Integration newsletter to receive regular updates on what's happening in grid modernization research at NREL and around the world. See an example before you sign up. Email address Your personal data will only be used for as long as you are subscribed. For more information, review the NREL security and privacy policy. Content Editors