FV Player Pro for WordPress Skip to content Skip to footerFoliovisionMaking the web work for youMain navigationWeblog FV Player WordPress Video of the Week Case Studies Business About Testimonials Meet the Team We Support Careers Contact Pricing Products Support FV Player Docs Pro Support Search this website Login Affordable VAST/VPAID for Wordpress has arrived. Serve ads with your videos starting today! Main Content FV Player Pro - one ring to rule them all Host your video anywhere, enjoy magic powers everywhere FV Player Pro integrates with Vimeo, YouTube, Bunny Stream, Coconut.co, Amazon S3+Cloudfront, self-hosted and CDN hosting. Enjoy advanced video features and a unified interface on all platforms and all devices.We've been building FV Player for WordPress for fourteen years and FV Player Pro for ten years. Our single goal - to make video publishing easier and more powerful. Buy Pro PlayerNow Buy FV PlayerVAST Download Free FV Flowplayer Please enable JavaScriptplay-sharp-fill FV Player 7 Docs Installation Changelog FAQ Support Free Support Pro Support PRO Why FV Player? 4,5 out of 5 stars Will Doggett I searched and searched for a good video plugin for video. FV Player has been the perfect solution. For the ability to save your viewing location, set pre-post roll and so many other solutions… It’s the most powerful video plugin I’ve found for WordPress. On top of that I needed help to integrate into my setup using Elementor and Advanced Custom Fields. I signed up for their Pro support option and within hours got an answer back and a custom solution. They went above and beyond to help me get up and running! Gregory Koncz My video works so well now like never before!!! I am extremely happy! Random seeking took 4-6 second even before, but now it's just lightening fast 1-2 seconds!!! And it works on all browsers. Really thank you guys! I plan to do a major upgrade of my site later this year and now I know who to hire for setting video player right, Amir Emami Thanks a lot Lucia for your complete answer. FV Player is the most perfect player in the world. George from Cactusthemes We build Wordpress themes and integrate various players based on users' choice, but I trust FV Player and am always happy to recommend it to our clients. I can get premium features even in their free plugin version. Any time I need to add more features or make changes to the video player, their team will help. Features such as "Remember Video Position”, “Vast”, “Video Transcript”, and video protection help me a lot. Mike Achilles Thanks for all your help. I'm converting my clients off of Viddler and jwPlayer by pushing videos out to Amazon S3 and Cloudfront with FV Player. All in all they are happy to be saving lots of $$$. Tarak Thank you for supporting international users with a built-in subtitle feature. Before FV player I used two other solutions. Previous two players were such a hassle, where I had to upload content through ftp, or had very difficult way of creating the shortcodes. I like that your player seems to be simple, the efficient workflow, the design and clean code! Thanks for the friendly support, I don't feel I am communicating with robots. Ron Valderrama, StreamNow CEO I love this product but have to say the support is even better. Thanks for being such an awesome company to work with. Cory Petkovsek I really appreciate you fixing my video setup for me in the time frame I needed. I was able to release our new product in time with my videos on cloudfront HTTP and RTMP. Thank you so much! I also like that you went over the technical details so I could understand your process. Evélina Simon Alec, thank you so much for your help and for taking the time to test further! Where else can I find such support! I am a very happy with your player the very high quality of your plugin. Cheers from sunny south of France! Nate Brown I have over 100,000 subs on youtube and I post sometimes 8 videos a day – now, I am trying to reel in those subs to my website and migrate off of YouTube. Your plugin has revolutionized my website and I can’t thank you enough for making it affordable for everyone because it is really setting the stage for the next phase of our business! Richard Stone I choose FV Flowplayer for my site that uses LearnDash LMS to share training videos that are hosted on Vimeo. The team at FV provided excellent support in getting the player set up on the site and provided outstanding documentation to assist me. Couldn’t be more pleased with the outcome. Laurent Bertin Best plugin ever. Spent weeks looking for a great video player and yours is the best by FAR. John W. Tuggle AB looping is just something I’ve been trying to get to work for years really. But since I don’t have any experience with that kind of development, I contacted Alec and Martin and we tried to figure out the interface, and I think we came up with something that works pretty well and something that now a lot of people seem to be really into. It’s a big feature people want to use when they are learning to play an instrument. Howard Citron When we were rebuilding the site initially, we were using JW Player. We couldn’t get it to work in WP with the features we wanted, so we were searching for other video players and we came across the FV player and we loaded it right away. It was easy to load and easy to install. Then I also had some suggestions for new features you could add to FV Player. I contacted your support and within a day or two, Martin had added those features to the player. So that was actually what locked in the FV player for us. Foliovision’s team was as impressive to me as was the FV player. Indi Deol One of the most important issues for us was the migration aspect when choosing a new video player. How easy or hard would it be? We have thousands of articles which had JWPlayer shortcodes in them as well as JWPlayer playlists within Wordpress. Therefore, manual migration was not going to be possible due to the volume and timescales to move player. Our discussions with Foliovision comforted us that they would help do the migration via their technical services package. And they would ensure a smooth transition from JWPlayer to FV Player. So, we agreed to use FV Player and requested a test migration first. Upon verifying the test environment, we were then happy for it to be conducted on our live server. This was done with some challenges along the way, as you would expect, but we finally got a fully migrated project completed thanks to the excellent help from the Foliovision technical support and senior team. Patrick Buggy We’ve been using FV Player from the beginning. The decision-making that led us directly to FV Player was that we knew we wanted it quickly, knowing it is rock-reliable, and half-way there for us to start serving video to people. Given that videos are the cardinal way people interact with us, it is significant that FV Player works reliably and well with our brand design. These are the two most important requirements which we can achieve thanks to FV Player. Taco Fleur The FV Player Pro has played a significant role in being able to present private videos to our online students across the world. We looked into many other video hosting solutions which all turned out to be way too expensive for what we got in return. The FV Player Pro is easy to set up and maintain. I highly recommend this product to anyone that wants to host and display their own videos. Johnny Ryan We at the Irish Council for Civil Liberties rely on FV Player to let visitors to iccl.ie view ultra high quality video of our work on privacy without fear that they are being tracked by Big Tech. Ease of use Standards-based interface with fast linear workflow. Reliability We keep up with all WordPress, iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, Linux updates. Features We offer you all the features you need but keep the others out of the way. Support Email support from true video and WordPress experts. Paid development also available. Why a video player at all and not YouTube or Vimeo? YouTube or Vimeo are great as a way to drive additional traffic to your site (we recommend adding your videos to YouTube but not linking back to YouTube from your site). But the last thing you should be doing once you have your visitors is sending them away to watch other people's videos. Brightcove and the other private video services are great. But you'll pay 10x or more the rates for your bandwidth. If you are on Brightcove, you better hope your video doesn't go viral, it might bankrupt you. Compare FV Flowplayer features Function/FeatureFV PlayerFlowplayer.org PaidJW player 6 plugin Copyright Foliovision - Full Comparison LicensePRO for 1 domainPRO for 1 domainPRO for 1 domain Price$75 one-time payment$150 one-time payment$299 every year FeaturesFV PlayerFlowplayer.org PaidJW player 6 plugin RTMP Streaming✓✓✓ HLS streaming✓✓✓ Social sharing✓✗✓ Lightbox✓✗✗ Video quality adjustment✓✓✓ AnalyticsFV PlayerFlowplayer.org PaidJW player 6 plugin Google analytics✓✓✓ AdvertisingFV PlayerFlowplayer.org PaidJW player 6 plugin Google text ads✓✓✗ VAST, VPAID$150/ yearThird party, less features for $210Only in Enterprise and Ads editions Core Features Built-in subtitle support 98% browser coverage Amazon S3 and other CDN support Brandable. Put your logo on your video linking back to your site HLS Encrypted AB Loop Custom start and end screens Editable HTML popup at end of video Unlimited instances in a single page Vimeo/YouTube playlists HTML overlays Download FreeFV Flowplayer Now Buy a Brandable License For Your Site FooterOur Plugins FV WordPress Flowplayer FV Thoughtful Comments FV Simpler SEO FV Antispam FV Gravatar Cache FV Testimonials Free Tools Pandoc Online Article spinner WordPress Password Finder Delete LinkedIn Account Responsive Design Calculator All materials © 2024 Foliovision s.r.o. | Panská 12 - 81101 Bratislava - Slovakia | info@foliovision.com This Site Uses Cookies Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Contact Tel. ‭+421 2/5292 0086‬ We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Change cookie settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Necessary Cookies Support Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie allow you to log in and download your software or post to forums. We use the WordPress login cookie and the session cookie. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Support Cookies Foliovision.com uses self-hosted Rocket.chat and self-hosted Freescout support desk to provide support for FV Player users. These cookies allow our visitors to chat with us and/or submit support tickets. We are delighted to recommend self-hosted Rocket.chat and especially Freescout to other privacy-conscious independent publishers who would prefer to self-host support. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics and Statcounter to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. We reluctantly use Google Analytics as it helps us to test FV Player against popular Google Analytics features. Feel free to turn off these cookies if they make you feel uncomfortable. Statcounter is an independent Irish stats service which we have been using since the beginning of recorded time, sixteen years ago. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Settings