D-Wave Systems | The Practical Quantum Computing Company Unleash the power of real-time quantum computing with Leap™ Sign up For Free INVESTORS CAREERS CONTACT Log In Solutions & Products Solutions & Products Discover how you can use quantum computing today By Role Technology & Business Leaders Learn how quantum computing fits into your technology portfolio Developer Get started building real quantum applications Researcher Explore the boundaries of quantum computing By Vertical Manufacturing & Logistics Discover quantum computing for manufacturing, logistics, and beyond Financial Services Discover quantum computing for financial institutions Life Sciences Discover quantum computing for pharma, biotech, and life sciences Public Sector Discover quantum computing for the public sector By Product Product Overview The only full-stack, cross-platform quantum ecosystem built for business Cloud Platform The Leap™ quantum cloud service provides real-time quantum access Systems The Advantage™ quantum system is the first and only quantum computer built for business Professional Services The D-Wave Launch™ program on-boards your business to quantum computing Software & Tools The Ocean™ suite of open-source tools are accessible via the Ocean SDK for rapid quantum development Learn Learn Start your journey! Explore D-Wave applications, events, and resources. Featured Applications Quantum Computing Resource Library D-Wave's Approach Publications Customer Success Stories Events & Webinars Training Build Build Unlock your quantum skills and start building quantum applications today Community Forums Connect with and learn from other quantum developers. Getting Started Step-by-step approach to building quantum applications today. Code Samples Search for and run working examples by industry, problem type, and tools or techniques. Developer Start here! Documentation Find out more about D-Wave’s quantum technologies and how they work. Company Company We are the practical quantum computing company. Learn more about who we are and what we do. Events & Webinars About D-Wave Newsroom Leadership Media Resources Careers Contact Get Started Unlock the Power of Practical Quantum Computing Today Our customers are building quantum applications for problems as diverse as logistics, portfolio optimization, drug discovery, materials sciences, scheduling, fault detection, traffic congestion, and supply chain management. What problem can we help you solve? Technology & Business Leaders Developers eBook How Quantum-Powered Logistics Management is Changing the Game Gain access to our latest e-book and explore how quantum computing can transform supply chain and logistics management. Quantum computing possesses the ability to exponentially boost efficiency, enhance customer service, and streamline transportation logistics. Learn more by downloading the e-book today. Get the new Ebook E-Book Unlocking Tomorrow's Potential with Quantum: How Quantum Can Fuel Operational Excellence Today Our new e-book is your guide to unlocking the power of quantum computing for your business. Discover how it can solve complex problems, accelerate decision-making, and fuel innovation. Dive into annealing and gate model approaches, and explore quantum-hybrid solutions. Real-world success stories from logistics, e-commerce, and marketing industries will inspire you. Download the Free E-Book NEW Report Discover How Quantum Can Tackle Today's Optimization Problems The new IDC Spotlight paper, 'Gaining Near-Term Advantage Using Quantum Annealing,' delves into the world of annealing quantum computing - a proven, cloud-based technology delivering real impact today. Explore how annealing quantum computing can help your business gain near-term advantage. Download the paper TRAINING Fast Track your Quantum Journey Expand your knowledge of quantum computing and get started building quantum applications today. With the QuickStart Bundle, you can accelerate quantum application development and ramp up quickly with expert training and mentorship PLUS get unlimited quantum cloud access for a month. You’ll also connect with the Leap community and D-Wave experts to gain new ideas and skills while differentiating yourself in the marketplace. Register Today! Professional Services D-Wave Launch: On-Board to Quantum Computing Want to get started but don’t know where to begin? We can help. Get Connected SOLUTIONS Business Advantage Delivered Today Our singular focus is to help customers achieve real value by using quantum computing for practical business applications. You may be surprised to learn that our enterprise customers have already built hundreds of quantum applications across many industries. The powerful combination of the Advantage™ quantum system and the Leap™ hybrid solver services enable the first in-production quantum applications demonstrating business benefit. Manufacturing & Logistics Quantum applications for job shop scheduling, employee and resource scheduling, vehicle routing, and many other applications for manufacturing and logistics have been developed and are being used to improve efficiency and reduce cost. Financial Services Quantum applications such as financial modeling, portfolio optimization, offer allocation, risk management, and fraud detection have already been developed for use in the finance industry. Life Sciences Quantum applications ranging from drug discovery, clinical development, medical imaging, and early disease detection to genomics have already been developed by biotech and pharma firms. BUSINESS Quantum Computing Has Moved from the Lab to the Enterprise Anyone who tells you otherwise is stalling. D-Wave is the only quantum computing company solving real business problems and demonstrating quantum ROI. Discover Quantum for Business DEVELOPERS Start Building Quantum Applications Today We offer a cloud-based, full-stack of systems, software, developer tools, and services to enable enterprises, government agencies, national laboratories, and academic organizations to build real applications using the power of quantum computing. Discover Quantum for Developers Latest News and Events Press Release D-Wave Announces Availability of 1,200+ Qubit Advantage2™ Prototype in the Leap™ Quantum Cloud Service, Making its Most Performant System Available to Customers Today Press Release D-Wave and Zapata AI Announce Strategic Technical and Commercial Collaboration to Advance Quantum-Enabled Machine Learning Press Release NEC and D-Wave Introduce New Quantum Offerings to Australian Market Press Release D-Wave and Satispay Aim to Accelerate Growth of Leading European Payment Network through Quantum-Fueled Customer Rewards Program See All News Join Our Email Marketing List Follow Us Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Twitter Solutions & Products By Role Technology & Business Leaders Developer Researcher By Vertical Manufacturing & Logistics Financial Services Life Sciences Public Sector By Product Product Overview Cloud Platform Systems Professional Services Software & Tools Learn Quantum Computing D-Wave's Approach Customer Success Stories Featured Applications Resource Library Publications Events & Webinars Training Build Getting Started Developer Documentation Community Forums Code Samples Company About D-Wave Leadership Careers Events & Webinars Newsroom Media Resources Investor Relations Contact More D-Wave D-Wave Japan Copyright 2023 D-Wave Quantum Inc. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Patent Notice ×