Homepage | CBN Skip to main content Ask for prayer TODAY ON THE 700 CLUB Contact Us Login give now Home Menu Site search Site search Home give now Login Ask for prayer Toggle Menu The 700 Club Toggle Menu SHOW INFORMATION 700 Club | Home Latest Episode Show Information Guests Ask A Question Share Your Story Toggle Menu MORE SHOWS 700 Club Interactive 700 Club Canada Miracle Living Today Club 700 Hoy All Shows Toggle Menu Resources Latest Episode Image How to Believe for Healing Image A New Day Booklet Ancient Saint's… Ancient Saint's… Latest Episode Ancient Saint's… Toggle Menu CBN NEWS Toggle Menu BY CATEGORY News | Home US World Israel Entertainment Health Politics Toggle Menu BY SHOW Christian World News Newswatch Faith Nation Jerusalem Dateline Studio 5 Quickstart All Shows Toggle Menu Noteworthy Top Story 'All of Them Had… Former Hezbollah… Ancient Saint's… Ancient Saint's… Top Story Ancient Saint's… Toggle Menu FAITH Toggle Menu RESOURCES Faith | Home Daily Devotional Get Prayer Topical Resources Toggle Menu FAITH JOURNEY Curious About Christianity New Christians Returning Christians Deepen Your Faith Share Your Faith Toggle Menu More Resources Image Today’s Daily Devotional Image Get Prayer Toggle Menu Kids Toggle Menu CBN ANIMATION Kids | Home About Us Toggle Menu SUPERBOOK Watch Full Episodes Kids' Website Superbook For Churches Get Superbook Get Superbook App Toggle Menu Get More Superbook Image Superbook Kids' Website Image Superbook Bible App Toggle Menu LISTEN Toggle Menu RADIO Listen | Home Praise Contemporary Southern Gospel Selah Instrumental Cross Country Toggle Menu PODCASTS Podcasts | Home A New Day Conversations From Studio 5 D.C. Debrief Quickstart The Lesson Toggle Menu More From CBN Radio Image Praise Radio Image CBN Radio App Toggle Menu ABOUT Toggle Menu DISCOVER CBN About | Home Who We Are Careers People Financials Toggle Menu OUR MINISTRIES Operation Blessing Orphan's Promise Helping The Homefront CBN Israel CBN Films Toggle Menu DONATE Give Now Gift Planning Ways To Give Toggle Menu Learn More Image Watch The CBN Story Image CBN's Ministry Site search Site search Site search Site search Home Search Contact Us Login give now Image Image Image Help bring the Gospel of Jesus and humanitarian aid to every person on the planet Millions of people still lack access to the Gospel, hot food, and clean water but you can help change that. 100% of your gift supports CBN’s global mission to reach lost and hurting people with the Gospel of Jesus and critical humanitarian aid. GIVE NOW Help bring the Gospel of Jesus and humanitarian aid to every person on the planet Millions of people still lack access to the Gospel, hot food, and clean water but you can help change that. 100% of your gift supports CBN’s global mission to reach lost and hurting people with the Gospel of Jesus and critical humanitarian aid. GIVE NOW Family of Ministries Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Top Stories 700 Club Comforting the Little Ones in Your Life COMBATING CHILDHOOD LONELINESS As a father and grandfather, best-selling author Max Lucado is alarmed by recent statistics reporting a sharp increase in loneliness. Studies show 61 percent of Americans report often feeling lonely. Another report by the National Institutes of Health shows 80 percent of children under the age of 18 are lonely. Max wrote his latest book, Just in Case You Ever Feel Alone, hoping to bring comfort to our little ones, letting them know that despite feelings of solitude and sadness, God is only a prayer away, and they will never be alone, no matter what. In the book, we find a mother bear encouraging her cub that no matter what life throws their way, God is with them, and they will get through it together. An excerpt from the book reads: He’s with you when you’re happy,And he’s with you when you’re not.He’s here no matter what.He’ll know what to do.He’ll know what to say.In case you ever feel alone,He’s just a prayer away. Max says, “To a child, a day can last forever, and hurt feelings sink in deep.” He wants us to remind our kids that in good times and bad, we will always make time for them. He also says that we can help children process their feelings by asking lots of questions and giving them time to talk. BACKGROUND Max Lucado's childhood was both idyllic and simple. Max was raised in Andrews, Texas, a town with a population smaller than the current membership of Oak Hills Church where Max is the teaching minister. Max's dad was an oilfield mechanic and his mother was a nurse. He spent much of his childhood chasing or being chased by his beloved brother Dee. Once Max became a teenager, rebellion kicked in. After one specific drunken night, Max began to wonder if there was more to life than parties and chasing girls. He believes now that if Jesus hadn't changed his heart, alcoholism would have been in his future. During undergraduate studies at Abilene Christian University (ACU), Max grew to realize God was bigger—and better than any rebellion. Max left ACU with two degrees and a heart for telling others about God and his faithfulness. Max's first ministry assignment was as the associate pastor of a small church in Miami, Florida. In that position, he developed his passion for people, ministry, and writing. He began writing when he was assigned a column in the church’s weekly newsletter. While in Florida Max married Denalyn, now his wife of more than 40 years. Max and Denalyn moved to Rio de Janeiro in 1983 to help plant churches. During their five years in Brazil, Max continued to write, updating friends and family back home about their ministry. Eventually, Max gathered the Brazil newsletters and Florida columns into a manuscript and sent it off to fifteen publishers. After multiple rejection letters, one publisher finally said yes. Today, he’s written more than 100 books with over 150 million in print. To purchase your copy of Just in Case You Ever Feel Alone, please visit Max Lucado's website: www.MaxLucado.com. 700 Club God's Promise Delivered in His Timing “It went from bad to worse,” Barb Adams recounts about her foot infection. “And it got more and more painful as cellulitis began to develop in the wound. The doctor said, ‘I have no more tricks in my bag. I have nothing else that I think I can do to help you.’” It was January 2022 when Barb showed up in the ER with a pressure ulcer on her heel. Now it was July, and doctors were talking about amputating her foot. She recalls, “It was devastating news because I thought for six months we have gone to every doctor's appointment. We have done everything that they have told us to do, and we have gone from bad to worse.” Barb had developed acute osteomyelitis: a severe bone infection. Podiatry specialist, Doctor Alton Johnson, of the University of Michigan Hospital, was one of her doctors. He recalls, “It's very serious, if you don't manage it, the bacterial will definitely go into the blood and cause you know, wreak havoc on that patient's body. Amputation was one of the very first conversations I had with Barb. It's a 50% chance that, you know, you could lose your leg and there's also a 50% chance you could die by not actually getting this amputation.” After a week in the hospital, Barb was sent home with a PICC line and an IV where she continued her antibiotic treatments. In spite of her faith, Barb grew discouraged at times and found it difficult to pray or read her Bible. She recalls, “God always sent somebody, whether it was my husband, whether it was my, my friends at church, people in our small group, I saw the body of Christ really begin to minister to me.” Another source of encouragement for Barb was The 700 Club and 700 Club Interactive. She was especially encouraged on August 12, when Andrew Knox gave a Word of Knowledge. Andrew prayed, “Someone with an open wound that won’t heal, and it’s been a long time, and you’re very frightened and the Lord’s doing a work there. I don’t know how or when, but this wound is going to close and the family who’s particularly concerned for you are going to be delighted in this miracle, thank you, Father.” Barb recalls, “I felt like, ‘God, you have shown up and You're speaking to me right now.’ I knew that I knew that I knew in my spirit that it was for me.” Barb claimed the word and believed God for healing. However, it didn’t come right away, and Barb still had limited mobility and her life seemed to be on hold. Even then, she continued to trust God’s promise. Barb says, “I never questioned that word of knowledge, even though we went through all of those PICC lines and pro lines and six and a half months total of infusing antibiotics at home. I never questioned that word of knowledge that God had spoken was for me. I knew it was going to be in His time.” As Barb continued her doctor visits and various treatments, her husband, Fred, faithfully tended to his wife and prayed. She says, “My husband played a major part in my healing spiritually and helping me to keep my eyes focused on the word of knowledge that God had given.” Just before Thanksgiving, it looked like the infection was finally gone. Then, a few days later, a new infection appeared. So, Barb was once again put on an IV with strong antibiotics. She recalls, “It was very disappointing that we were not yet on the road to healing this thing. But again, God just kept saying, ‘Walk by faith and not by sight.’” Now fighting a new infection, Barb held on even tighter to God’s promise to heal her. Then on February 17, 2023, during her fourth MRI Barb says something unusual happened. She recalls, “I had a peace, even though there was the boom, boom, boom of the MRI machine. I felt a river of life, a river of pure hope and love and healing. It started in the top of my head, and it went all the way through my body, through the bottom of my feet. I told my husband, I said, ‘God has done something. I don't really understand it, but God really showed up.’” A few days later Doctor Johnson took a look at her MRI. He says, “There's no bone infection or any signs of the bone infection. I look, there's as if it was never even an ulceration on the MRI and that was kind of mind blowing. You couldn't even identify the wound without using the previous MRI.” Barb recalls, “I was overwhelmed with God's love, how much He loved me, absolutely overwhelmed and grateful, and my family was amazed. And we're so thankful, so thankful for God's healing power.” Today Barb is in excellent health. She’s thankful for the doctors, medicine, and prayers that brought her healing. And through it all she’s grown closer to God. She says, “He taught me to walk by faith and not by sight. And you may not see the results of your healing but believe it. God's timing is perfect.” 700 Club Kansas State Coach’s Winning Strategies “This is an unbelievable blessing. I’ve lived a blessed life, but this is just a start for some big things.” Kansas State’s, Jerome Tang, is the reigning college basketball coach of the year, after taking the Wildcats to the Elite 8 in his first year as head coach. His journey is unique, marked by faith in God, a love for basketball, and the bible. TANG: "At one point in time, I could quote up to close to sixteen books of the Bible." DAWSON: "In their entirety?" TANG: "Yeah." In 1989, while on a bible quiz scholarship at North Central Bible College, Jerome became the bible quiz coach and in multiple years took his team to nationals. “That was the foundation of my coaching and God knew what He was doing because it also really established me as a man of God,” recalled Tang. Still, his desire was to coach basketball, an opportunity he would receive in 1993 as the head coach of Heritage Christian High School in Cleveland, Texas. While he led the team to four state titles in ten years, financially, times were tough. “Making ends meet," said his wife, Careylyen, “I don't know how I stretched money for us for the week.” In 2003, the couple was expecting their second child and learned their insurance had lapsed. His wife, Rey, called Jerome to tell him the news. “I just remember sitting in the car, just crying and I called and told him,” Rey recalled, “and he said, ‘Don't worry about it. God will provide.’” DAWSON: "Were you ever worried about your life situation or did you just have a faith that you knew everything was going to be okay?" TANG: "I have this like crazy faith. I always believed that I was God's favored. And I tell people they should feel the same way because Scripture says that we're the apple of His eye. Your faith just grows as God shows Himself faithful to us." Just a few days later, Jerome was offered an assistant coaching role at Baylor University under Christian head coach, Scott Drew. With it came a significant raise and insurance, affirming Jerome’s faith. Jerome recalled, “He said, ‘The job is yours.’ That was incredible.” Baylor was a basketball program, not necessarily known for their winning tradition. However, Jerome was convinced that they would not only succeed, but that they would eventually win it all. “I didn't know how long it was going to take,” said Tang. “But I knew we were going to win because we just had great people around us, hard workers, and we followed the direction of coach being led by the Lord and the Holy Spirit.” Under Coach Drew and Coach Tang, Baylor lost nearly 70% of their games in their first four years. Slowly they began turning things around and in 2021, after 19 years together, Baylor won the national championship. DAWSON: "How special was it when the final buzzer sounds and you’re the national champions?" TANG: "Oh my goodness. You know, God is so good and His timing is perfect. It's never perfect for us in our minds, but it's perfect for us and our journey. And had we won it before that, I think that would have been the pinnacle for me. When we won it, it was nice, but I had already come to a point in my life where my walk with God and who I am in Him was fulfilling and satisfying.” The next season, Jerome was offered his first head coaching position at Kansas State. In the media’s mind, Jerome had an uphill climb. DAWSON: "You were doubted. Kansas State was picked dead last in the preseason Big 12 standings. Did that deter you at all?" TANG: "No. I saw our team when we put the collection of guys together, I saw them. I was like, ‘If this is the last team in the Big 12 then all ten teams are going to the NCAA tournament.’ I felt we had an NCAA tournament team." Not only did the Wildcats make the NCAA tournament, that first season, Tang took them to the Elite 8, and just three points shy of the final four. He was unanimously voted, by the Associated Press, the national coach of the year. “I realize that it's another platform that God's given me in order to bring honor and glory to Him,” says Tang. “But also to really be able to talk about the great men that I live life with.” DAWSON: "What is the rest of this journey look like for Jerome Tang? What would it take for it to be a success for you?" TANG: "We're going to win the national championship." DAWSON: "Do you believe that?" TANG: "Yeah. Yeah. That's going to happen. We're going to win a national championship. And more importantly, I believe Jesus is really clear when He says, ‘By this all men will know that you're My disciple. If you have love towards another.' Not if you love those who look like you and those who vote like you, those who dress like you, but just love people. And I believe that the ministry that God has really stirred in my heart that He wants us, me as a follower of Jesus, to show what it's like to love everybody." 700 Club The Transforming Power of Love and Family Arusha, Tanzania Festo was a troubled young man when he first arrived at “Tumaini Home,” a ministry supported in part by CBN’s Orphan’s Promise. Beatrice is his house mother. Beatrice explained, “When I met Festo, he did not have very good manners, and he had difficulty with boundaries. Both of his parents are drug addicts and he was living with his aunt. There were a lot of mouths to feed in her house, so he often went to bed hungry and got up with nothing to eat. He told me that in those days he wanted to kill himself or run away to look for something to eat in the streets.” A neighbor reported Festo’s aunt. Beatrice and her husband soon picked him up and took him home with them. Since then, Festo’s life has changed significantly. All of his needs are met, from food and clothing, to a nurturing environment that emphasizes love and family. Beatrice said, “My husband and I teach all the children here that this is their home, and that we are a family. All they need is love, someone to hug them, and tell them that God loves them, too. We have seen a big change in Festo. He is a natural leader and the best boy in our home. I love him, and I am very proud of him.” Festo said, “I love my house parents. They teach me the word of God and we do devotions together. God is my provider and protector. I am thankful to God for giving me food, clothes, and good health. I love to play with my friends here. My friend, Enoch, is like a brother to me. He taught me how to ride a bicycle.” Festo is one of 70 children that Orphan’s Promise supports through this ministry with school supplies, uniforms and food. “I do my best to get good grades, I pray and ask God to help me do well in my studies, and I praise Him when I succeed,” said Festo. Beatrice said, “Since we met Orphan’s Promise, things have been easy here. We are even able help other families who need food. Thank you so much to the donors for supporting us. All our children are in school, and they have what they need.” “Before I came here, life was hard. Now life is good,” said Festo. “Thank you for helping me. May God bless you.” Today’s Bible Reading 03/05/2024 Mark 9:50 "Salt is good for seasoning. But if it loses its flavor, how do you make it salty again? You must have the qualities of salt among yourselves and live in peace with each other." Read Now CBN’s impact around the world Image CBN’s impact worldwide Sharing Jesus & providing global aid for over 60 years CBN donors are at work supporting people around the globe. Click the orange dots to see examples of our international impact. Learn More USA Daily prayers for people across the country CBN’s prayer team prayed with over 1.2 million callers in 2022 alone, while also praying with people through email, social media channels, live chat on the website, and written correspondence. Learn More Latin America Highlighting testimonies of God’s faithfulness Vida Dura or “Hard Life” stories are sourced throughout Latin America and produced in Spanish to reach a region with testimonies of people who hit rock bottom and turn to God for change. CBN has a prayer center in Latin America to support people through prayer and faith resources. Learn More Turkey Serving in the wake of natural disasters CBN's Operation Blessing was on the ground quickly in the wake of the devastating earthquakes in Turkey, providing much-needed food, relief supplies, and medical aid. After large-scale natural disasters, Operation Blessing strives to be the first to arrive, and the last to leave, tending to the needs long after the news cameras leave. Learn More Ukraine and Poland For 30 years, CBN has been serving the people of Ukraine Through CBN’s Orphan’s Promise and Operation Blessing, we were able to quickly provide valuable resources soon after the conflict began, and we continue to support Ukrainian refugees. Learn More International Projected 135 million* watched a CBN program in 2022 CBN partners are reaching children around the world with the Gospel of Jesus through Superbook, a Bible-based animation series. In 2022 alone, children in 139 countries watched at least one episode of Superbook. Learn More USA Daily prayers for people across the country CBN’s prayer team prayed with over 1.2 million callers in 2022 alone, while also praying with people through email, social media channels, live chat on the website, and written correspondence. Learn More Latin America Highlighting testimonies of God’s faithfulness Vida Dura or “Hard Life” stories are sourced throughout Latin America and produced in Spanish to reach a region with testimonies of people who hit rock bottom and turn to God for change. CBN has a prayer center in Latin America to support people through prayer and faith resources. Learn More Turkey Serving in the wake of natural disasters CBN's Operation Blessing was on the ground quickly in the wake of the devastating earthquakes in Turkey, providing much-needed food, relief supplies, and medical aid. After large-scale natural disasters, Operation Blessing strives to be the first to arrive, and the last to leave, tending to the needs long after the news cameras leave. Learn More Ukraine and Poland For 30 years, CBN has been serving the people of Ukraine Through CBN’s Orphan’s Promise and Operation Blessing, we were able to quickly provide valuable resources soon after the conflict began, and we continue to support Ukrainian refugees. Learn More International Projected 135 million* watched a CBN program in 2022 CBN partners are reaching children around the world with the Gospel of Jesus through Superbook, a Bible-based animation series. In 2022 alone, children in 139 countries watched at least one episode of Superbook. Learn More Bible Reading for the Day Read or listen to today's Old and New Testament Bible readings. Each day is portioned to give the entire Bible to you in a year. Start anytime. Scroll forward or backward if you miss any days or want to get ahead. Read Now Do you want daily encouragement? Subscribe to CBN’s Daily Devotional Email. Experience God’s Word and renew your walk with Him with CBN’s Daily Devotional. You’ll get access to short devotionals and testimonies of faith from Pat Robertson, Gordon Robertson, Terry Meeuwsen, and our CBN staff. Get encouragement, guidance, and biblical truths in your inbox each morning.. You are signing up to receive general newsletters from CBN. By signing up, you are consenting to our privacy policy. You can specify preference after sign-up and opt out at any time. Image Image CBN News Image Israel UN Mission Confirms Hamas Sexual Violence After 5 Months, Israel Hit by Hezbollah Rocket Barrage For the first time in nearly five months, a United Nations mission is recognizing Israel's claims of Hamas brutality toward Israeli women and men on October 7th. Meanwhile, the Iranian-backed Hezbollah unleashed more rockets on northern Israel from southern Lebanon. Image US Record Response to the Gospel Along US Southern Border: 'A Harvest of Souls' Along the U.S. southern border, record numbers of people are responding to the Gospel. It's part of a 10-city evangelistic tour by Franklin Graham that's ministering to those hard-hit by the border crisis. Image World Pastor Reaches Settlement With UK Police Who Tried to Block Him from 'Comments on Religion' A police force in the U.K. has admitted that their attempt to limit the free speech of a street preacher was "disproportionate" and are being forced to pay a settlement to the pastor. Image Entertainment 'Blue Bloods' Actress Inspired by Biblical Story of Sarah and Abraham When Naming Adopted Son Blue Bloods star Vanessa Ray recently announced that she and her husband welcomed a baby boy and shared the couple was inspired by the biblical story of Sarah and Abraham when they named him. Live: CBN News Channel Live: CBN News Channel New! Free CBN Online Courses. Access Now! More from CBN 700 Club The 700 Club - March 5, 2024 College basketball’s reigning “Coach of the Year,” Kansas State’s Jerome Tang discusses his unlikely road to the top. Plus, the pastor with nearly 150 million books in print, Max Lucado shares an encouraging word for children on ... WATCH LIVE AT 9AM ET Today’s Bible Reading 03/05/2024 Mark 9:50 "Salt is good for seasoning. But if it loses its flavor, how do you make it salty again? You must have the qualities of salt among yourselves and live in peace with each other." Read Now Daily Devotional The Value of Salt Jesus said that His followers were the salt of the earth. In that day, salt was a highly valuable commodity—not just a seasoning. How does this relate to our faith and our true purpose as believers in today's society and culture? Discover how you can use this analogy to promote Jesus to those around you. Read More SHOWS The 700 Club Christian World News Faith Nation Jerusalem Dateline More Shows NEWS United States World Israel Health Entertainment & Sports Politics FAITH Daily Devotional Prayer Faith In Jesus Find A Church Resources MINISTRIES Operation Blessing Orphan’s Promise CBN Israel Helping the Homefront CBN Films LISTEN CBN Radio Podcasts WAYS TO GIVE Online Donation Tributes Stocks Legacy Gifts CBN ANIMATION Superbook Gizmo Go! The Superbook App CONNECT Newsletters Contact Us Advertise With Us Media Kit Careers About Us cbn-radio Radio cbn-family CBN Family cbn-apps Apps cbn-bible Bible Send Us Your Prayer Request Watch CBN News About CBN's Ministries Give to CBN Unlock the best from CBN. You are signing up to receive general newsletters from CBN. By signing up, you are consenting to our privacy policy. You can specify preference after sign-up and opt out at any time. Connect with CBN youtube-footer fb-footer instagram-footer twitter-footer © 2023 The Christian Broadcasting Network, Inc., A nonprofit 501 (c)(3) Charitable Organization. Terms of use Privacy Policy Donor Privacy CBN Cookie Policy Third Party Cookies myCBN This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info. ALSO OF INTERESTAs IDF Reaches Gaza Milestone, White House...Daily DevotionalsPrayer