Cisco Blogs Skip to content Investing in partnerships for inclusion and innovation: a spotlight on Astia and Kiva Investing in partnerships for inclusion and innovation: a spotlight on Astia and Kiva This Social Impact Partner series blog features Cisco’s partnership with Astia and Kiva, in honor of the incredible work these organizations are doing to advance investment opportunities to Black, Indigenous, and People of Color-owned businesses in the United States and globally. Read More How HBCUs and Cisco Are Partnering to Provide Opportunities and Advancement for Students How HBCUs and Cisco Are Partnering to Provide Opportunities and Advancement for Students Learn more about Cisco's collaboration with HBCUs and the Student Freedom Initiative to bolster NIST compliance and ensure the longevity of HBCUs. Read More GenAI will Transform B2B Interactions and Solutions in the Year Ahead with New Depth of Context and Control GenAI will Transform B2B Interactions and Solutions in the Year Ahead with New Depth of Context and Control As Generative AI (GenAI) expands in the business sphere, human-like interaction with B2B solutions, bespoke multimodal LLMs for better accuracy and precision, curated workflow automation and customized B2B applications will become the norm. Read More Our Favorite Content 2024 Tech Trends Cisco Purpose Report Webex Blog ↗ Outshift Blog ↗ Subscribe to Cisco Blogs All Blogs March 5, 2024 SECURITY Andrew Akers Mitigating Lateral Movement with Zero Trust Access 6 min read Stop lateral movement in its track with zero trust access. Tags Cisco Secure Accesscyber attackvpnzero trust network access ztnaZTNA March 5, 2024 EXECUTIVE PLATFORM Mary de Wysocki Celebrating women’s inclusion in the climate innovation space 6 min read For International Women’s Day (IWD), we asked six women entrepreneurs to tell us how women’s leadership and creativity in the climate innovation space helps us build resilient ecosystems for a digital and low-carbon economy. Tags Cisco FoundationCisco Purposeclimate changeInternational Women's Day (IWD)Sustainability March 5, 2024 OUR CORPORATE PURPOSE Joseph Harrison Preparedness is the key: training with the Crisis Response Community 5 min read Cisco employee volunteers talk about their experience with hands-on disaster response training, and how they combine their passion for service with both technical and non-technical skills to create connectivity in crisis conditions. Tags Cisco Crisis ResponseEmployee Volunteer ProgramSocial ImpactSocial Impact Office March 4, 2024 DEVELOPER Anna Bokhan-Dilawari Data Processing in Cisco Observability Platform – A Step-by-Step Guide 8 min read Cisco Observability Platform is designed to ingest and process vast amounts of MELT (Metrics, Events, Logs and Traces) data. It is built on top of open standards like OpenTelemetry to ensure interoperability. See how its provision of extensions let you tailor every facet of its functionality to your unique needs. Tags Cisco Full-Stack ObservabilityCisco Observability PlatformMELT dataMetrics Events Logs and Traces (MELT) March 4, 2024 GOVERNMENT Will Ash Simplifying Firewall Management: Cisco Defense Orchestrator Nears FedRAMP® Authorization 3 min read Cisco continues its focus on FedRAMP® Authorization for our government customers with the addition of Cisco Defense Orchestrator (CDO), which has now achieved FedRAMP In-Process status. Cisco CDO is an integrated cloud management solution that streamlines policy administration across security solutions. Tags #GovernmentNowCisco Defense OrchestratorFedRAMP®governmentsecurity March 1, 2024 RETAIL & HOSPITALITY Anjana Iyer Improved Area Monitoring with New Meraki Smart Cameras 2 min read Improve store monitoring with the newest Meraki smart cameras and features. Tags Cisco Store Tech Labmeraki smart camerasretail industryretail technologysecurity cameras March 1, 2024 SECURITY Christian Clasen Cisco Live Melbourne SOC Report 14 min read This year, the team was tapped to build a similar team to support the Cisco Live Melbourne 2023 conference. This report serves as a summary of the design, deployment, and operation of the network, as well some of the more interesting findings from three days of threat hunting on the network. Tags Cisco Secure AccessCisco UmbrellaCisco XDR February 29, 2024 LEARNING David Major You’re automated for success with Cisco’s Continuing Education program 2 min read Cisco's Learning and Certifications team has streamlined and automated the credit submission process for recertification. We’re talking about less manual data entry, fewer manual submission headaches, and a more seamless learning and recertification experience. Tags Cisco CertificationsCisco Learning NetworkCisco U. February 29, 2024 1 RETAIL & HOSPITALITY Adriana Soto Ruiz Seamless shopping with Room & Board 1 min read Explore how Room & Board transforms the retail experience with innovative technology, prioritizing seamless customer engagement and operational efficiency for an unparalleled shopping journey. Tags Customer Experienceretail technology 1234 CONNECT WITH CISCO