Pacific Horticulture We envision a resilient world dependent on the thoughtful cultivation of plants Member Login Join Donate Marketplace $0.00 0 Cart Search Search Close this search box. $0.00 0 Cart Topics Nature Is Good For You Growing For Biodiversity Drought & Fire Reslience Plants You Need Garden Futurist Inspired Gardens & Design Sustainable Gardening Nature Is Good For You Nature Is Good For You Interacting with Soil is Good for YouWinter 2024Do you recall your mother telling you not to play in the dirt? Or requiring that you wash up… Do Plants Sleep? Botany By…Fall 2023This article and associated photography is excerpted… Chilean Flora for Pacific Region…Fall 2023Chilean flora has long inspired regional gardeners,… Pacific Horticulture’s 2023 Holiday Gift…Fall/Winter 2023 9 Great Book Suggestions from Pacific… Book Review: Chími Nu’am: Native…Fall 2023Before I begin with my review, let… Eat Flowers: A Plateful of…Fall 2023 Humans have always eaten flowers, often… Untamed Childhood Landscapes at HomeSummer 2023If you pause to reflect on a… View All Nature Is Good For You Resources Growing For Biodiversity Growing For Biodiversity The Night Garden: Design for Pollinators and People that Thrive…Fall 2023 Exit lightEnter nightTake my handWe’re off to the night-time garden.—Adapted from, “Enter Sandman” by Metallica (1991) Composers: James Hetfield,… Zumwalt Prairie Preserve Invites Gazing,…Fall 2023 In Northeast Oregon near the small… Announcing the Design Futurist Student…Fall 2023The Design Futurist Student Competition centered on… Book Review: Urban Jungle: The…Summer 2023 The world’s population raced past 8… At 10, Seattle’s Pioneering Food…Summer 2023What started as a student design project… Feeding the Birds, Au NaturelSpring/Summer 2023Creating a landscape more like Mother Nature… I Did My Graduate Research…Spring 2023The first queen bumble bee I saw… View All Growing For Biodiversity Resources Drought & Fire Reslience Drought And Fire Resilience Climate-Ready Detectives Select Plants for the FutureSpring 2024 Amid the tumult of rapidly shifting climate conditions, gardeners at every level are asking, “What can I plant now?”… Mulch Belongs in Your Wildfire…Winter 2024 There’s a lot of pressure on our… The root of the matter:…Fall 2023An update to our 2023 Drought Roadmap… Thriving Water Saving Gardens for…Spring 2023 If you are a California gardener… Future-Proof Selections for the Central…Spring 2023 While sharing the dry summer/wet winter… Drought Roadmap for GardenersSpring 2023The Drought Roadmap aims to go after… Episode XXIV: Ground Up Science…Spring 2023 Read the companion Article here. Alessandro… View All Drought And Fire Resilience Resources Plants You Need Plants You Need Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant Happiness: The Genus Formerly Known…Spring 2024 If you’re unfamiliar with the scientific name Sansevieria, perhaps you’ll recognize its nicknames “snake plant,” or my personal favorite,… A Plant-Love Story: How A…Winter 2024 If there were three words that… Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant…Winter 2024 As you might have guessed from my… Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant…Winter 2024 As I sat down to write this… Seeding: The End and the…Fall 2023 This article is excerpted and reproduced from What… California Native Plants for the…Fall 2023 Originally published in 2005, the highly regarded… A Plant-Love Story: A Palm…Fall 2023 Wallace Stevens wrote in his poem, “Of… View All Plants You Need Resources Garden Futurist Garden Futurist We Can Protect Plants from Invasive Pests with Garden Futurist Tyler…Winter 2024 Listen to the podcast here.We know that the tree canopy plays a huge part in climate resilience. Urban centers… Protecting Invertebrates from Pesticides with…Winter 2024Listen to the podcast here.Invertebrates do so… Episode XXXIV: Protecting Invertebrates from…Winter 2024Read the companion article here.Invertebrates do so… Hit the Lights! The impacts…Winter 2023Listen to the podcast here.This is a… Episode XXXIII: Hit the Lights!…Winter 2023Read the companion article here.This is a… Episode XXXII: Great Expectations for…Fall 2023Read the companion article here.From a gardener’s… Great Expectations for Seed Keeping…Fall 2023 Listen to the podcast here. From… View All Garden Futurist Resources Inspired Gardens & Design Inspired Gardens And Design Garden Design for the Greater CommunityWinter 2024 Gardens have the power to bring us together. Discover seven public-facing, community-engaging gardens harnessing that power. Three of them… 2023 Student Design Futurist Award…Winter 2024 For its debut year, the Design Futurist… How the Genus Primula Connected…Winter 2024As a budding horticulturist, I had no… And the Design Futurist Award…Fall 2023The results are in for Pacific Horticulture’s… Prestigious Award Jury Calls for…Spring 2023Earlier this year a visionary group met… Design Futurist Award Announced: Committee…March 8, 2023 At Pacific Horticulture, we believe… Episode XXV: Befriend Bugs; Design…Spring 2023 Read the companion article here. What… View All Inspired Gardens And Design Resources Sustainable Gardening Sustainable Gardening Book Review: Back to the New Basics by Joe SealsFall 2023Reviewed by Anne Biklé, co-author What Your Food Ate and The Hidden Half of Nature I have been waiting… Book Review: Golden Gate Gardener…Summer 2023 Edible gardeners would be lost in the… Be Your Own Burbank: How…Summer 2023 California’s horticultural artist Luther Burbank (1849–1926)… Blanket the Ground – Native…Summer 2023 With years of practice mothering her… At 10, Seattle’s Pioneering Food…Summer 2023What started as a student design project… Future-Proof Selections for the Central…Spring 2023 While sharing the dry summer/wet winter… Episode XX: Frontiers of Soil:…Read the Transcript Article Here. Guests David Montgomery… View All Sustainable Gardening Resources Community About Our Work Our Team Our Sponsors Our History Contact Get Involved Become A Member Shop Our Marketplace Donate Become A Sponsor Volunteer Resources Industry Allies Design Award Student Award Plant Favorites Podcast Connect, Learn & Be Inspired! Pacific Horticulture Welcomes You To Our Community. Join Today › Join Today TravelTravel HomeTopicsPlants You NeedGrowing For BiodiversityDrought & Fire ResilianceNature Is Good For YouInspired Gardens & DesignGarden FuturistSustainable GardeningAboutOur WorkOur TeamOur SponsorsOur HistoryGet InvolvedBecome A MemberDonateBecome A SponsorVolunteerResourcesIndustry AlliesDesign FuturistPlant FavoritesPodcastTravelMember Login ➔Join ➔ Latest Mulch Belongs in Your Wildfire Resilient Garden By: Jennifer de Graaf Explore Topics Plants You Need Inspired Gardens & Design Growing For Biodiversity Garden Futurist Nature Is Good For You Sustainable Gardening Drought & Fire Reslience Plants You Need Plants You Need View All Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant Happiness: The Genus Formerly Known…Spring 2024 If you’re unfamiliar with the scientific name Sansevieria, perhaps you’ll recognize its nicknames “snake plant,” or my personal favorite,… A Plant-Love Story: How A…Winter 2024 If there were three words that… Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant…Winter 2024 As you might have guessed from my… Understanding Habitat Origins for Houseplant…Winter 2024 As I sat down to write this… Seeding: The End and the…Fall 2023 This article is excerpted and reproduced from What… California Native Plants for the…Fall 2023 Originally published in 2005, the highly regarded… A Plant-Love Story: A Palm…Fall 2023 Wallace Stevens wrote in his poem, “Of… View All Plants You Need Resources Inspired Gardens & Design Inspired Gardens And Design View All Garden Design for the Greater CommunityWinter 2024 Gardens have the power to bring us together. Discover seven public-facing, community-engaging gardens harnessing that power. Three of them… 2023 Student Design Futurist Award…Winter 2024 For its debut year, the Design Futurist… How the Genus Primula Connected…Winter 2024As a budding horticulturist, I had no… And the Design Futurist Award…Fall 2023The results are in for Pacific Horticulture’s… Prestigious Award Jury Calls for…Spring 2023Earlier this year a visionary group met… Design Futurist Award Announced: Committee…March 8, 2023 At Pacific Horticulture, we believe… Episode XXV: Befriend Bugs; Design…Spring 2023 Read the companion article here. What… View All Inspired Gardens And Design Resources Growing For Biodiversity Growing For Biodiversity View All The Night Garden: Design for Pollinators and People that Thrive…Fall 2023 Exit lightEnter nightTake my handWe’re off to the night-time garden.—Adapted from, “Enter Sandman” by Metallica (1991) Composers: James Hetfield,… Zumwalt Prairie Preserve Invites Gazing,…Fall 2023 In Northeast Oregon near the small… Announcing the Design Futurist Student…Fall 2023The Design Futurist Student Competition centered on… Book Review: Urban Jungle: The…Summer 2023 The world’s population raced past 8… At 10, Seattle’s Pioneering Food…Summer 2023What started as a student design project… Feeding the Birds, Au NaturelSpring/Summer 2023Creating a landscape more like Mother Nature… I Did My Graduate Research…Spring 2023The first queen bumble bee I saw… View All Growing For Biodiversity Resources Garden Futurist Garden Futurist View All We Can Protect Plants from Invasive Pests with Garden Futurist Tyler…Winter 2024 Listen to the podcast here.We know that the tree canopy plays a huge part in climate resilience. Urban centers… Protecting Invertebrates from Pesticides with…Winter 2024Listen to the podcast here.Invertebrates do so… Episode XXXIV: Protecting Invertebrates from…Winter 2024Read the companion article here.Invertebrates do so… Hit the Lights! The impacts…Winter 2023Listen to the podcast here.This is a… Episode XXXIII: Hit the Lights!…Winter 2023Read the companion article here.This is a… Episode XXXII: Great Expectations for…Fall 2023Read the companion article here.From a gardener’s… Great Expectations for Seed Keeping…Fall 2023 Listen to the podcast here. From… View All Garden Futurist Resources Nature Is Good For You Nature Is Good For You View All Interacting with Soil is Good for YouWinter 2024Do you recall your mother telling you not to play in the dirt? Or requiring that you wash up… Do Plants Sleep? Botany By…Fall 2023This article and associated photography is excerpted… Chilean Flora for Pacific Region…Fall 2023Chilean flora has long inspired regional gardeners,… Pacific Horticulture’s 2023 Holiday Gift…Fall/Winter 2023 9 Great Book Suggestions from Pacific… Book Review: Chími Nu’am: Native…Fall 2023Before I begin with my review, let… Eat Flowers: A Plateful of…Fall 2023 Humans have always eaten flowers, often… Untamed Childhood Landscapes at HomeSummer 2023If you pause to reflect on a… View All Nature Is Good For You Resources Sustainable Gardening Sustainable Gardening View All Book Review: Back to the New Basics by Joe SealsFall 2023Reviewed by Anne Biklé, co-author What Your Food Ate and The Hidden Half of Nature I have been waiting… Book Review: Golden Gate Gardener…Summer 2023 Edible gardeners would be lost in the… Be Your Own Burbank: How…Summer 2023 California’s horticultural artist Luther Burbank (1849–1926)… Blanket the Ground – Native…Summer 2023 With years of practice mothering her… At 10, Seattle’s Pioneering Food…Summer 2023What started as a student design project… Future-Proof Selections for the Central…Spring 2023 While sharing the dry summer/wet winter… Episode XX: Frontiers of Soil:…Read the Transcript Article Here. Guests David Montgomery… View All Sustainable Gardening Resources Drought & Fire Reslience Drought And Fire Resilience View All Climate-Ready Detectives Select Plants for the FutureSpring 2024 Amid the tumult of rapidly shifting climate conditions, gardeners at every level are asking, “What can I plant now?”… Mulch Belongs in Your Wildfire…Winter 2024 There’s a lot of pressure on our… The root of the matter:…Fall 2023An update to our 2023 Drought Roadmap… Thriving Water Saving Gardens for…Spring 2023 If you are a California gardener… Future-Proof Selections for the Central…Spring 2023 While sharing the dry summer/wet winter… Drought Roadmap for GardenersSpring 2023The Drought Roadmap aims to go after… Episode XXIV: Ground Up Science…Spring 2023 Read the companion Article here. Alessandro… View All Drought And Fire Resilience Resources Design Futurist Pacific Horticulture’s Design Futurist Award elevates the power of garden design to achieve climate resilience, steward biodiversity, and connect people with nature. Presenting the Design Futurist Award 2023 Winners! Featured A Fall 2024 Japan Garden Tour October 13 – 27, 2024 Industry Allies View All Get Involved Become a Member Join Pacific Horticulture– for the access to expertise and resources, innovative gardening techniques, and connection to a passionate multidisciplinary network! Newsletter Gardening in the Pacific region is different. Trustworthy content. Relevant stories that matter to you. Right to your inbox. Sign up for our free monthly newsletter Donate Together we are increasing the number of beautiful, resilient gardens and landscapes that benefit nature and people in the Pacific region. Garden Futurist Podcast View All Episode XXXV: We Can Protect Plants from... Episode XXXIV: Protecting Invertebrates from Pesticides with... Episode XXXIII: Hit the Lights! The impacts... A show about innovative thinkers contributing to a climate resilient future through the power of gardens. https://analbeads.pro/ Our mission is to advocate for the garden and its power to enrich lives and heal the environment. Donate Facebook Instagram Pinterest Youtube Linkedin Twitter Privacy Policy Contact Sitemap Become A Member Become A Sponsor © 2023 PACIFIC HORTICULTURE Powered By MemberPress WooCommerce Plus Integration Your free newsletter starts here! Don’t want to see this pop-up? Members, log-in here. First Name Last Name Email Zip Code Select All That Apply I am a gardener I’m a horticulture or allied professional I represent an allied business/organization Subscribe Why do we ask for your zip code? We do our best to make our educational content relevant for where you garden. Why do we ask for your zip code? We do our best to make our educational content relevant for where you garden. The information you provide to Pacific Horticulture is NEVER sold, shared, or rented to others.Pacific Horticulture generally sends only two newsletters per Month.