Groups.io: Powerful Email Groups & Collaboration Platform Find or Create a Group EN EN DE ES FR IT UK Help Log In Sign Up Log In Sign Up Help EN EN DE ES FR IT UK Groups.io: Elevate Your Email Groups Discover seamless collaboration with our feature-rich platform. Mobile-ready, privacy-focused, and ad-free. Transform your group communications today! Features Pricing Why Email Groups? Why You'll Love Groups.io Powerful features that make groups more useful. Do More With Integrations Easily integrate Zoom, Feeds, Slack, Github, Trello, Email and soon even more services into your premium group. No Ads, No Tracking We don't run advertising and your data is never submitted to any ad tracking networks. Additional Features Each premium group also has a calendar, chat, polls, a database section, a photos section, a files section, and a wiki, along with an unlimited number of subgroups on your own subdomain. Only The Messages You Want Mute topics and keywords, ensuring you only see the messages you're interested in. Take advantage of better email delivery options, including receiving the first message only in each thread or receiving replies only. Do More With Integrations Easily integrate Feeds, Slack, Google Drive, Github, Trello, Email and soon even more services into your premium group. No Ads, No Tracking We are a fremium service. We don't run advertising and your data is never submitted to any ad tracking networks. Additional Features Each premium group also has a calendar, chat, polls, a database section, a photos section, a files section, and a wiki, along with an unlimited number of subgroups on your own subdomain. Only The Messages You Want Mute topics and keywords, ensuring you only see the messages you're interested in. Take advantage of better email delivery options, including receiving the first message only in each thread or receiving replies only. Start a Groups.io Group Drop Google and Facebook Groups and Use This Instead "Trying to find the best tool to get a bunch of people organized and sharing knowledge can be a pain. Google Groups can feel exceedingly complicated. Facebook cares little about your privacy." Read More At Lifehacker Upgrade From Mailman or Lyris Powerful Features, Better Security Hosting your groups using Mailman or Lyris? We make it easy for you to move your group to Groups.io. Take advantage of our advanced features. Don't be stuck with an ancient listserv. We're passionate about groups, and we're here to make them even better. Toggle navigation About Features Pricing Updates Terms Help © 2024 Groups.io