MedCity News - Healthcare technology news, life science current events Menu Search Home News Health Tech Biopharma Devices & Diagnostics Consumer / Employer Contributors MedCity Influencers MedCitizens Events Podcasts Research Newsletters About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Subscribe via email X Close Signup Modal MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Subscribe via email MedCity News News Health Tech BioPharma Devices & Diagnostics Consumer / Employer Contributors MedCity Influencers MedCitizens Events INVEST INVEST Digital Health ENGAGE at HLTH Podcasts Research Newsletters Pharma, BioPharma New Novo Nordisk Ozempic Data Build Case for Adding Kidney Disease to Label By Frank Vinluan Blockbuster Novo Nordisk drug Ozempic now has clinical trial results showing statistically significant reductions in the risk of kidney disease progression. The company said these results support the expansion of the drug’s label to chronic kidney disease. Share / at 11:36 AM MedCity Influencers Reducing Burnout Requires Giving Health Care Workers More Control Over Their Time By David Schummers One way that we can address this root cause of burnout is by supporting health care workers in using their time most effectively. That involves deploying technologies that make their lives easier. Share / at 10:06 AM MedCity Influencers The Top Strategies Healthcare Organizations Can Use to Reduce Denials By Laxmi Patel Here are six actionable steps healthcare organizations can take to reduce their likelihood of denials and write-offs. Share / at 7:46 PM MedCity Influencers Trends Shaping the Next Generation of Healthcare Workers By Atif Siddiqi Healthcare organizations will need to proactively engage the next generation of workers in order to meet demand. They can start by factoring in these trends and creating an environment that supports a healthy work-life balance, finding opportunities to prioritize flexibility, and leaving room to staff up for new and expanding care fields. Share / at 7:32 PM Consumer / Employer Report: Few Large Employers Have Changed Abortion Coverage Following Dobbs v. Jackson By Marissa Plescia Only 8% of large employers have reduced or expanded their coverage for abortion after the Dobbs v. Jackson decision, a new report from KFF found. Share / Mar 4, 2024 at 6:10 PM Consumer / Employer, Health Tech How Food-as-Medicine Execs Are Responding to Kellogg CEO’s ‘Let Them Eat Flakes’ Remarks By Katie Adams Kellogg CEO Gary Pilnick recently encouraged families struggling to put food on the table to turn to cereal as their go-to dinner option. Food-as-medicine executives are none too thrilled about his comments — they argue that the remarks underscore the dire need to increase public education about affordable, healthy meal planning. Share / Mar 4, 2024 at 2:49 PM Promoted Heard at HLTH: Clarify Health Todd Gottula, co-founder and president of Clarify Health, discusses how their analytics platform promises to power higher margins and higher value care for its customers. Clarify Health and MedCity News Pharma, BioPharma Akero’s New MASH Drug Data: Longer Treatment Leads to More Liver Benefit By Frank Vinluan Akero Therapeutics’ preliminary Phase 2b data show that treatment with its MASH drug, efruxifermin, continued to distance itself from a placebo measured at nearly two years of treatment. The latest Akero data build on six-month results reported in 2022. Share / Mar 4, 2024 at 12:11 PM MedCity Influencers Preserving the Pillars: The Vital Role of Independent Primary Care in American Healthcare By Eric Lisle The future of American healthcare hinges on the continued support and elevation of independent primary care—a cornerstone that not only enhances healthcare quality and cost controls but also ensures a healthier and more equitable future for all. Share / Mar 3, 2024 at 1:58 PM MedCity Influencers Redefining Survivorship: Proactive Strategies for Preventing Chronic Breast Cancer-Related Lymphedema By Dr. Steven Chen March is Lymphedema Awareness Month, and today there are more options than ever to help prevent this challenging and all too common complication associated with breast cancer treatment. Share / Mar 3, 2024 at 1:37 PM MedCity Influencers Empowering Hospital Workforces Amid Mergers and Consolidations By Rich Miller By implementing workforce management technology to support the people who take care of the patients, health systems can ensure that merger and acquisition activity is a success. Share / Mar 3, 2024 at 1:00 PM —ADVERTISEMENT— Promoted Maximize Revenue and Patient Care with Strategic Weight Loss Management We will highlight Build My Health’s revenue practice management tools, which could help physician practices add up to $250,000 to their practices. Build My Health and MedCity News Sign up to receive our MedCity News daily briefing. We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Knowledge Hub eBook Audit Readiness Checklist: Be Prepared to Pass Your Next Audit eBook Improving Heart Health Through Behavioral Economics eBook Customized Remote Care Plans that Increase Capacity and Improve Adherence Pharma, BioPharma, Legal AstraZeneca Loses Lawsuit Challenging Drug Price Negotiation by Medicare By Frank Vinluan A federal judge disagreed with AstraZeneca’s claims that the Inflation Reduction Act causes harm by disincentivizing innovation and violates its constitutional rights to due process. Blockbuster AstraZeneca drug Farxiga is one of 10 medications selected for the Medicare drug price negotiation program created by the law. Share / Mar 3, 2024 at 11:31 AM Consumer / Employer, Devices & Diagnostics, Health Tech, Payers, Startups 9 ViVE Announcements You Don’t Want to Miss By Katie Adams and Marissa Plescia This year’s ViVE conference featured a variety of news announcements — from company launches to new products to partnerships to acquisitions and more. In this list, MedCity News compiled short summaries for nine of the conference’s most notable announcements. Share / Mar 3, 2024 at 10:11 AM Health Tech, Patient Engagement WebMD Bolsters Patient Engagement Offerings Through New Acquisition By Katie Adams WebMD acquired the operating assets of Healthwise, a nonprofit provider of health education content and patient engagement tools. The deal follows another acquisition WebMD made in the patient engagement space in 2020. According to Ann Bilyew, WebMD’s senior vice president of health, the company is now “the indisputable market leader in providing patient education to both providers and payers.” Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 3:58 PM MedCity Influencers Navigating the Wellness Frontier: Show Me the Science By Amir Alroy Wellness-oriented consumers are seeking products and practices backed not only by promises but by scientific credibility. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 2:27 PM Promoted With the Rise of AI, What IP Disputes in Healthcare Are Likely to Emerge? Munck Wilson Mandala Partner Greg Howison shared his perspective on some of the legal ramifications around AI, IP, connected devices and the data they generate, in response to emailed questions. Stephanie Baum MedCity Influencers Safely Navigating the Multi-Cloud Security Landscape: Strategies for Protecting Data Integrity in Healthcare By Jim Ducharme A surge in cloud adoption by healthcare organizations brings new challenges, particularly in safeguarding data across diverse providers while meeting regulatory frameworks. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 2:01 PM Promoted A Personalized Approach to Medication Nonadherence At the Abarca Forward conference earlier this year, George Van Antwerp, managing director at Deloitte, discussed how social determinants of health and a personalized member experience can improve medication adherence and health outcomes. Stephanie Baum Pharma, BioPharma Cancer Biotech Lands $145M for First-in-Class Drug to Block Elusive Tumor Target By Frank Vinluan FogPharma’s lead program is a peptide that blocks a difficult-to-drug pathway inside of cells. The new financing will go toward an ongoing Phase 1/2 study in advanced solid tumors and support development of pipeline programs for other elusive cancer targets. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 12:19 PM MedCity Influencers Getting a Grip on Ballooning Healthcare Data By Simon Jelley The benefits of healthcare data are undeniable—more informed decisions, better diagnoses, enhanced operational efficiency, improved patient satisfaction—but all that data also creates significant challenges. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 12:10 PM MedCitizens StartUPDATES: New developments from healthcare startups By Stephanie Baum Check out news from Alpha Sophia, Abridge, Baseimmune, Carewell, and Redi Health. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 7:45 AM Consumer / Employer Inside One Organization’s Efforts To Create the First National Pharmacy Union By Marissa Plescia The Pharmacy Guild recently launched and aims to create the first national pharmacy union in the U.S. But it has a difficult road ahead going up against giants like Walgreens and CVS. Still, its organizers expect the union to be successful. Share / Mar 1, 2024 at 6:00 AM Pharma, BioPharma Startup Orbis Medicines Launches With €26M for Next-Generation Peptide Drugs By Frank Vinluan Orbis Medicines is developing macrocyclic peptides that address a wider range of targets and can be taken as oral pills. Novo Holdings and Forbion are backing the startup, which is based on research from the scientific co-founder of peptide drug developer Bicycle Therapeutics. Share / Feb 29, 2024 at 5:00 PM From the MedCity Team MedCity Pivot Podcast: A Conversation with Lumen CEO Daniel Tal MorArundhati Parmar | 12:42 am, February 29StartUPDATES: New developments from healthcare startupsStephanie Baum | 7:45 am, March 1New Novo Nordisk Ozempic Data Build Case for Adding Kidney Disease to LabelFrank Vinluan | 11:36 am, March 5 × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No thanks We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Advertise About Newsletter Our Sites © 2024 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.