Colossal — The best of art, craft, and visual culture since 2010. Fun Things for Creative People Sign In Archive About Events Contact Advertise Clear Random post MoreMore Interviews Photography Craft Design Art Illustration Animation Science History Food sculpture installation street art video paper painting architecture animals portraits humor nature drawing books birds anatomy light murals landscapes plants ceramics flowers embroidery miniature collage posters and prints glass surreal Home Become a Member (Sign In) Newsletters Print Shop Events Archive About Contact Us Advertise Clear Advertise on Colossal with Nectar Ads. Editor’s Picks: Art Highlights below. For the full collection click here. A Sprawling Nest of Vintage Wooden Chairs Perches on Liaigre’s Facade in Paris Swelling With Sugary Pastels, Pip & Pop’s Psychedelic Installations Revel in Food Utopias A Wind-Powered Herd of Beach Animals Merge Into a Storm Defense System in Theo Jansen’s Latest ‘Strandbeest’ Thandiwe Muriu Confronts Notions of Value in Her Vividly Disguised Portraits A Major Exhibition Materializes Surrealist Artist Remedios Varo’s Alchemical Visions Ememem Playfully Revitalizes Cracked Pavement With Vibrantly Patterned Tiles Seethe rest of theCollection›› TOGGLE LAYOUT: FULL POSTS | POST PREVIEWS ﻿ Art Craft History Recasting the Melting Pot: Hugh Hayden’s Iron Sculptures Examine How Culture Is Duplicated and Dispersed March 4, 2024 Kate Mothes ﻿ “A lot of times, I do use notions of cooking and recipes in the way I describe making my work,” Hugh Hayden says in a new short film. “I do think that cooking, as an act of making something, is a metaphor for many aspects of life.” Hayden is well-known for his monumental sculptures and installations that scrutinize our perceptions of ourselves, our stories, and our environment. Often using wood, the artist draws on tenets of colonialism and its impacts on socioeconomic dynamics, education, and historical narratives. In the new video produced by the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Hayden likens the development of a series of cast-iron skillets to the process of baking cornbread, a dish practically synonymous with the cuisine of the American South. All images © the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art “I was taking an iron-pouring class, and I didn’t know what I wanted to make,” he says. He thought about his interest in food, and the idea struck him to make a pan. He continues: I started thinking about cast-iron cookware and my own personal history and relationship to it as this more old fashioned thing that I didn’t use much, up until then… I started to think about my grandmother and family, like the heirlooms and legacies. And also that the cast irons are like a living metal… it has special care needs so it doesn’t rust but also to keep it seasoned. Hayden transforms the skillet to be in dialogue with culture, both in its practical use and as a treasured, sometimes collectible item. He draws on the phrase “melting pot,” which is typically used to describe how elements of different cultures blend into a more homogenous society. In the U.S., the phrase also refers to the notion that the modern nation was established and shaped over time by immigrants from different parts of the world. Hayden embeds the sculptures with the forms of traditional African masks, symbols of cultural identity. He emphasizes the fact that their authenticity—or lack thereof—is a metaphor for the way different backgrounds lose information through replication. “As a Black person in America, I’m very far removed from Africa,” Hayden says. “Most people in America, regardless of their ethnicity, who aren’t first generation, they’re copies of something that came from somewhere else, mixed with something else. So I like this idea of making copies of these masks that have questionable levels of authenticity.” He also adds a distinctive anatomical feature to each piece based on parts of his own body, like ears or lips, creating a connection between universal motifs and his own individuality. The artist likens the ready-made quality of the masks to the preparation of cornbread using a combination of Jiffy Muffin Mix and additional ingredients, beginning with a mass-produced version of something and transforming it into a unique finished work. “This is a little bit like my work,” he says. “There is, per se, a ready-made element to it and the pre-made mix, but I’m taking it further. I’m starting with the history of this existing thing and adding more to it.” Find more on the artist’s website and Instagram. Share this story Pin It advertisement ﻿ Art Working from Memory, Peter Uka Paints Vibrant Portraits of 1970s Nigeria March 4, 2024 Grace Ebert “First Ride” (2023). Photo by Fabrice Gousset. All images courtesy of the artist and Mariane Ibrahim, shared with permission “I see painting as a process, the finished work merely resembling the initial sketch and ideas stretching over multiple canvases. I like my figures to influence each other in some form of dialogue,” says Peter Uka. Based in Cologne, Uka grew up in Nigeria in the late 70s and early 80s, a time of bell bottoms, A-line dresses, platform shoes, and bright, bold prints and colors. This now-retro style emerges regularly in the artist’s portraits, as he conjures scenes of his childhood. “It is always a personal experience of some kind that I am referencing, even if I merge it with elements from my imagination or add references. To me, it’s rather a feeling of familiarity and nostalgia that I am looking for than an exact depiction of the events or people,” he adds. Working in oil on large, nearly life-sized canvases, Uka paints primarily from memory, an approach that seamlessly blends fact and fiction. He creates multiple pieces simultaneously and constructs a sort of community scaffolding onto which he can place stories and recollections. Although some subjects depict people like his mother, aunts, and siblings, others are amalgamations of several individuals. All exude a distinctive presence. “When painting a figure I am interested in framing their essence, and the relation I have to my subjects, from meaningful memories I share with them to conversations we had that impacted me in some way,” he says. Uka’s recent solo show Triumph of Being at Mariane Ibrahim in Paris focused on grief and loss, a theme that emerges prominently in “Yesterday.” Recreating a banal scene from his childhood home, the portrait imagines the artist’s late sister, who frequently was scolded for adjusting the television dials as a child, doing the same as an adult, the screen showing color bars. Like many of Uka’s works, the painting collapses past and present and coalesces into a vibrant tapestry of memory and imagination. Find more from the artist on Instagram. “Peace Invocation” (2023). Photo by Fabrice Gousset “Marsha” (2021) “Beach Life” (2021) “The Traveler” (2022) “Yesterday” (2023). Photo Vincent Cheìron “Blue Jacket” (2021) “Tall Long John” (2021) Share this story Pin It ﻿ Art From Recycled Motors and Discarded Metals, Edouard Martinet Imagines Meticulously Detailed Wildlife March 4, 2024 Kate Mothes “Chouette (Owl)” (2023), metal mixed media sculpture, 38 x 36 centimeters. Photo courtesy of Sladmore Gallery. All images © Edouard Martinet, shared with permission With a body made from a motorcycle fender, wings from bike chain guards, and legs from tapestry staples and spectacle case parts, a beady-eyed owl comes to life from discarded metal. French artist Edouard Martinet (previously) has a knack for revitalizing materials like motor components, medical implements, bicycle parts, and other accessories into meticulously detailed animals. While one fish takes shape from fan blades, cake molds, spatulas, and oil lamp badges, another’s teeth and bones are composed of upholstery staples and tablespoons. Martinet sources his materials from flea markets and garage sales, seeing potential in a wide range of shapes, densities, and textures. In the studio, he painstakingly manipulates the metal into unique puzzle-like pieces that fit together precisely, relying on screws to fasten them together rather than welding. If you’re in Paris this April, stop by Galerie Bettina, where Martinet will exhibit a combination of bronze and unique sculptures. In November, the artist will present a solo exhibition of new work at Sladmore Gallery in London. Until then, follow Martinet on Instagram for updates. Underside detail of “Hercules Beetle (Dynaste Hercules)” (2022), bronze, from an edition of 8, cast using the lost wax process at Fonderie Rosini, Paris, 24 x 60 centimeters. Photo courtesy of Sladmore Gallery “Hercules Beetle (Dynaste Hercules)” (2022). Photo courtesy of Sladmore Gallery Detail of “Chouette (Owl)” (2023). Photo by Laurent Guizard Photo by Laurent Guizard “Stickleback” (2022), metal mixed media sculpture, 24 x 120 centimeters. Photo courtesy of Sladmore Gallery Photo by Xavier Scheinkmann Photo by Xavier Scheinkmann Left: Martinet in his studio. Photo courtesy of Sladmore Gallery. Right: “Autruche.” Photo by Xavier Scheinkmann Photo by Xavier Scheinkmann Share this story Pin It ﻿ Sponsor In a New Milky Chance Music Video, GMUNK Pushes the Envelope of CG Artistry and Digital Creative Tools March 4, 2024 HP Over the past year, AI-powered creative tools have radically transformed art. Designed for content creators, visual effects artists, designers, and animators, these resources have the potential to generate stunning visuals, and many professional artists embrace AI for everything from automating mundane tasks to concept inspiration and quickly iterating visual references. These tools take repetitive tasks off of artists’ plates, enabling them to focus on elevating their creative outputs and achieving projects on a grander scale. Renowned artist and director Bradley G Munkowitz, a.k.a. GMUNK, has been breaking new ground in experimental filmmaking and digital art for more than 20 years using tools such as Autodesk Maya and Adobe Creative Cloud. Challenged to take his practice to the next level as one of the creators behind a new music video for German alt-pop duo Milky Chance, GMUNK evolved his craft using compute-intensive cloud simulations and AI-powered experimentation. GMUNK and a team of Z by HP global ambassadors, whom HP provided with product and payment, collaborated across continents to produce a stunning CG music video for Milky Chance’s new dance anthem, “Synchronize.” To match the feel-good synth-filled track, the artist employed complex simulations, real-time rendering, ray tracing, global illumination, and AI, all requiring significant computational resources. GMUNK’s creative exploration using Stable Diffusion He created visuals of rotating clouds using EmberGen, a real-time fluid simulation software from JangaFX. In the earliest stages of the project, the artist ran tests morphing those simulations through AI-powered tools like Stable Diffusion and Topaz Labs. “Until about a year ago, there was one way to achieve these types of effects. Now with AI and the power of the Z8 Fury, there are ten ways to do it, and the results are all incredible,” he said. EmberGen is based on real-world physics with controls to manage combustion, emission of fuel, flames, temperature, and smoke, and it’s up to the artist to combine them and determine how they react in the final simulation. The software runs 100 percent on the GPU, as does the terrain generation software Gaia from Procedural Worlds, which GMUNK used to build landscapes. He also utilized Topaz Labs’ VideoAI tool to interpolate slowdowns of smoke-simulation flythroughs from 24 frames-per-second to 200 frames-per-second to get better results out of Stable Diffusion in his early development. While those tests don’t appear in the music video, they did serve as visual inspiration for a new artwork in his Breathing series, “Bali Moon”, which sold at Christie’s during Art Basel in December 2023. With experimentation at the heart of his work, GMUNK uncovered another technique for running smoke simulations through a mesh built in SideFX’s Houdini so that the color and movement of the smoke drive quickly moving and morphing triangles, creating a spectacular shattered glass effect. “As I continued to experiment with these simulations, they got more interesting,” he says. “I’m very excited about a breakthrough new technique that produced a fantastic mosaic-like effect that is an homage to stained glass windows. This was done as a post-process of the simulations in Houdini where we mapped all the pixels to a triangulated mesh capturing the color values of the smoke simulation underneath the distortion.” To create the heavy simulations using the Maxon renderer Redshift, GMUNK needed a powerful workstation that enabled him to run massive 225 million-voxel simulations that were still interactive. “I can see exactly what I’m doing. It’s extraordinary to have this kind of computing power at my fingertips,” he says. GMUNK even revitalized some of the approaches he’s used for years, including modeling and animating in Autodesk Maya, an application that favors clock speed over the number of cores and is largely reliant on the CPU. “The Z8 Fury is rendering Maya scenes almost in real-time. Depending on the software I’m running, it’s five to ten times faster than any other computer I’ve ever used. Everything I’m doing in Maya, in EmberGen, in rendering–it’s all super-powered. As a creator, that feels large, like an extension of my mind is constantly giving me feedback instantly in all realms of what I’m doing.” Learn more about this exciting collaboration by watching the behind-the-scenes reel. Visit Z by HP online to learn more about how these workstations can help you realize your creative vision. Share this story Pin It ﻿ Books Photography ‘Eight Seconds’ Is Photographer Ivan McClellan’s Love Letter to Black Rodeo Culture March 3, 2024 Grace Ebert Rodney & RJ, McCalla, Alabama. All images © Ivan McClellan, courtesy of Damiani, shared with permission In 1982, Charles Sampson became the first Black man to win the world championship bull-riding competition. Becoming a cowboy was his childhood dream, and despite breaking nearly every bone in his body during his relatively long career, Sampson continued to climb atop the ornery animals and bolt into the arena. Even after an incredibly tough ride, he was known to vault himself off of the bull and land on his feet. He feels, to be cliché, that he was born to ride. But there’s nothing cliché about Sampson’s story. As he writes in the introduction to the forthcoming book Eight Seconds: Black Rodeo Culture, “Every year there are fewer Black cowboys in America as the population ages, and young Black people believe the western lifestyle isn’t for them.” Published by Damiani, Eight Seconds comprises 118 images by Ivan McClellan, a Portland, Oregon-based photographer who’s spent nearly a decade documenting the lives, wins, and losses of the Black rodeo community from Alabama to Los Angeles. He offers an insider’s view, capturing the addictive energy of the sport and the rich sense of camaraderie it fosters. “I didn’t expect for this work to take over my life and become a passion/obsession for the better part of a decade,” McClellan tells Colossal, sharing a sentiment not unlike that of the people he photographs. “I kept going where I was useful and needed, and this book is a love letter to the culture that has transformed my life.” Patrick Liddell, Las Vegas, Nevada The slim volume is packed with a mix of portraits and candid, action shots that evidence the range of emotions within a single day of rodeo life. McClellan visits the teenage sensation Kortnee Solomon at her family’s ranch in Texas and a beaming rodeo queen in Okmulgee. He also photographs the Compton Cowboys, a collective devoted to bettering the lives of inner-city kids through equestrian training. “I’ve stood in front of a charging bull, walked through snake-infested fields, and laid on the ground while horses ran past me all to get a good photo,” he says. “Getting the shot is more important to me than my fear.” McClellan self-published Eight Seconds in 2022—the title, of course, references the eight wild seconds riders must stay on their animals, one hand in the air, to score points—and the forthcoming edition adds to the original. Together, the photos unveil a firmly rooted ethos of care for both the animals and each other. “I’ve learned that Black cowboys treat you like a family member until you prove yourself unworthy of their trust. Sacrifice is required to live the cowboy lifestyle. I’ve seen cowboys go hungry so they could afford to feed their horse or get their cell phone cut off to pay for rodeo fees,” he says. Keary Hines, Prairie View, Texas Eight Seconds comes at a time when Black cowboys are gaining attention, in part because they counteract a White-washed historical narrative. In much of American pop culture, the term cowboy conjures an image not unlike a dusty, gun-toting Clint Eastwood in The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly. But the word itself originated as a derogatory alternative to cowhand and was often given to Black men working with cattle. After emancipation, one in four cowboys were Black. Last spring, an exhibition at the Harwood Museum of Art in Taos opened as a corrective to the narratives that center on the White, Americana hero. Spanning pre-Civil War to the present day, the show featured McClellan’s portraits, alongside works by artists like Alexander Harrison and Otis Kwame Kye Quaicoe. And in Denver, another recent exhibition devoted itself to expanding the range of perspectives on what it means to be a cowboy. While visually striking and exuding a warmth and comfort possible only after years of interaction, the photos are effective in part because they challenge these long-held notions about who partakes in the sport and what the rodeo lifestyle looks like in the 21st century. The photographer references the fashion choices emerging from the arena and beyond as a prime example of how Black cowboys both buck stereotypes and harness the independence associated with the archetype. He adds: To be a Black cowboy is a defiant declaration of self. Going against conventional expectations of Black and White culture requires confidence and a sureness of one’s truth. Fashion is the most obvious way this comes to life. See cowboys riding in gold chains and Jordans, long braids and acrylic nails blends hip-hop culture and the west in interesting and surprising ways. Eight Seconds, which is edited by Miss Rosen, is available for pre-order on Bookshop. Find a larger archive of McClellan’s work on his site and Instagram. Marland Burke, Brandon Alexander, James Pickens Jr., Los Angeles, California Rodeo Queen, Okmulgee, Oklahoma Dontez & Floss, Okmulgee, Oklahoma Jadayia Kursh, Okmulgee, Oklahoma Bull Riders, Rosenberg, Texas Cover of ‘Eight Seconds: Black Rodeo Culture,’ Damiani Books (2024) Share this story Pin It ﻿ Design A Colorful Pin Collection Celebrates the Unique Cultures and Exports of Japan’s 47 Prefectures March 2, 2024 Grace Ebert All images © Map Design Gallery, shared with permission Geography meets local pride in a collection of enamel pins from Map Design Gallery. Trimmed with gold details, the tiny, cartographic wearables recreate Japan’s 47 prefectures, their matte color palettes reflecting the crops, landscapes, and cultures of each region. According to Spoon & Tamago, Kagawa is beige, ochre, and green to represent the area’s love for udon, while “Tokyo’s colors are greys and blues, inspired (by) the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building.” Show your preference for Yamagata’s cherry blossoms or Kanagawa’s hydrangeas by picking up a pin from the gallery or collect them all as you chart your travels across the country. Share this story Pin It Page 1 of 1,2731234...Next >>> A Colossal HighlightStar Orb Model Kit by Thomas Houha Designs Editor's Picks: Art Highlights below. For the full collection click here. A Sprawling Nest of Vintage Wooden Chairs Perches on Liaigre’s Facade in ParisSwelling With Sugary Pastels, Pip & Pop’s Psychedelic Installations Revel in Food UtopiasA Wind-Powered Herd of Beach Animals Merge Into a Storm Defense System in Theo Jansen’s Latest ‘Strandbeest’Thandiwe Muriu Confronts Notions of Value in Her Vividly Disguised PortraitsA Major Exhibition Materializes Surrealist Artist Remedios Varo’s Alchemical VisionsEmemem Playfully Revitalizes Cracked Pavement With Vibrantly Patterned Tiles Seethe rest of theCollection›› Trending on Colossal Membership About Archive Newsletters Contact © 2023 Colossal. Colossal participates in affiliate marketing programs and may earn a commission on sales through links to Bookshop, Etsy, and elsewhere. See our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.