Knox College - nationally ranked liberal arts college Skip to main content Search Knox College Menu Academics Admissions Campus Life Outcomes Athletics Upcoming Events News Support Knox Alumni My.Knox Parents & Families New Students Take a Virtual Tour Give Now Explore more About Knox Employment at Knox Campus Directory Emergency Info Knox Magazine Library For the Media The Knox Shop A-Z Index Search: The Power of Experience We believe that every experience is a kind of education.Everything you learn in the classroom gains value when you apply it. Apply Now 60+ Courses of study including 42 majors, 57 minors, and pre-professional and cooperative programs Learn more about courses of study at Knox There's no limit to what our students can do with a human-powered Knox education. See for yourself.Watch Video 100% of students pursue experiential learning Experience (so to speak) academics Select Item 0 Select Item 1 Select Item 2 Select Item 3 Select Item 4 As a history and secondary education double major, Clark hopes to guide students in the classroom and on the field as a coach. Read more about Jason Clark Secondary Education and History Double Major Sara, a biology major and art history and environmental studies double minor, now works as a support services specialist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) forest service. Read more about Sara DeMaria '11 Major in Biology, Minors in Art History and Environmental Studies To pursue her ambitions, Vilapriño Aguirre decided to leave her hometown of Mendoza, Argentina. Read more about Luvina Vilapriño Aguirre Neuroscience Major and Spanish Minor Kim volunteers as a dental assistant during the academic year. Read more about Naeun Kim Major in Biochemistry and Minor in Biology Trey works as an engineering consultant solving technical problems such as risk analysis and failure analysis. Read more about Trey Morrison '96 Major in Chemistry Select Item 0 Select Item 1 Select Item 2 Select Item 3 More than 1,400 Donors Contribute Nearly $1 Million during Knox Proud Day, Founders Day Celebration The event was a success, raising $972,127 from 1,437 donors. Explore More News Keiner Letterpress Studio Finds New Home in CFA The initiative to transition the letterpress from its previous studio was set in motion in early 2023. Explore More News 'Retro Renaissance' I-Fair Brings Community Together in Cultural Celebration Knox and Galesburg community members engaged in a global spectacle of music, dance, cuisine, and art. Explore More News Annual Day of Dialogue Provides Space for Knox Community Introspection The Day of Dialogue began as a student-led initiative in 2017. Explore More News 6 years on the Forbes Grateful Grads Index where alumni feel they received the greatest return on their college investment Learn more about our graduates Visiting campus is one of the best ways to determine if Knox is the right fit for you. Schedule a Visit Take a Virtual Tour Ready for a visit to Knox? Check us out! Visits & Events Follow Knox 2 East South StreetGalesburg, Illinois61401-4999, USA 309-341-7000 Virtual Tour Visitor Information COVID-19 Plans & Policies About Knox Fast Facts Our Mission Our Values Our Leadership Our History Events Calendar News Employment at Knox Campus Directory Emergency Information Reporting Bias Incidents Give Now Knox Magazine Library For the Media A-Z Index The Knox Shop Consumer Information Notice of Non-Discrimination Privacy Policy Title IX https://www.knox.edu/ Printed on Tuesday, March 5, 2024