American University, Washington, D.C. Skip to main content You are here: Giving Apply Request Info Are you interested in... Undergraduate Graduate Visit Show Menu Search Search Website: Go Find People: Go Browse Departments & Services Log in myAU Portal Email Canvas Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Academics Academics Home Degrees Registration Schedule of Classes Study Abroad Summer Programs Online Programs Honors & Learning Communities Professional & Lifelong Learning Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences Kogod School of Business School of Communication School of Education School of International Service Professional Studies and Executive Education School of Public Affairs Washington College of Law Life at AU Student Affairs Athletics Housing Dining & Retail New Students Career Services Student Organizations AU Arts Library Calendars Community Relations Alumni Give to AU Research About American University Video contains no sound or narration. AU's spirit is captured through the people, places, and events on campus and in DC. Full video Apply Request Info Visit Giving In a time of unprecedented challenges, the American University community steps up to take on issues and make an impact. At AU, we learn, research, and work to spark positive change in our neighborhood and world. See Change in Action Full video Play Explore AU's academic offerings I want to study... Search Or browse by: Undergraduate Graduate Professional Learning College of Arts & Sciences Kogod School of Business Professional Studies and Executive Education School of Communication School of Education School of International Service School of Public Affairs Washington College of Law Where to Start Interested in getting a feel for our classes, campus, and community? Come tour campus, visit the Welcome Center, or bring the AU experience to you through virtual events, tours, webinars, and more. Experience AU For Parents & Families Explore Our Campus Education through Experience Forge your path at AU from more than 200 immersive opportunities to conduct research, study abroad, intern, serve in leadership roles, and help make a tangible impact on AU, DC, and world communities. Start Here Our Commitments Inclusive Excellence For AU to be excellent, we must be inclusive. From the creation of inclusive policies and scholarship that addresses racism in its many forms, Inclusive Excellence shapes our current actions and is our roadmap to building a more equitable future. Sustainability A culture of climate action powers our impact. From becoming the first carbon neutral university in the country to supporting a new generation of environmental champions, the AU community advances sustainability every day. News + Events A Changemaking Presidency The AU community has reached new heights over the last six years under the leadership of Sylvia Burwell Read More Diplomatic Fellows Association Builds Community at SIS We sat down with three SIS graduate students to learn more about the newly formed Diplomatic Fellows Association. Read More Final Stretch of Change Can’t Wait – Campaign Progress Update A Message from Courtney L. Surls, Vice President of University Advancement Read More Washington, DC is our laboratory. classroom. home. community. playground. laboratory. classroom. home. community. playground. 4400 Massachusetts Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20016 (202) 885-1000 Contact Us Visit AU Work at AU Copyright © 2024 American University. Emergency Preparedness Policies Privacy Disclosure EEO Title IX Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Instagram Homepage