Health insurance plans | UnitedHealthcare Skip to main content Health insurance plans Health plans for life's moments Our plans are made to deliver what matters, from quality coverage to caring support. Find a plan option that works for you. Shop for a plan Get help choosing Shop plans for every stage of life Medicare Medicaid Individual & family Employers Already a member? Sign in to your account to view your plan benefits. Try the UnitedHealthcare app Members can get instant access to manage health plan details, request member ID cards, find care and more. Download the app Download the app When to go to the ER vs. urgent care Need medical care, but not sure where to go? View examples of what’s typically treated at urgent care and the ER. Get guidance on where to go for care All types of plans for all types of people Health insurance plans Explore a range of individual and family plan options, including ACA Marketplace plans. Medicare plans Find coverage that goes beyond Original Medicare, including Medicare Advantage plans. Medicaid plans See Medicaid plan options if you have low income or qualify due to a special circumstance. Dental, vision and supplemental plans Browse plans that can help you get coverage for medical costs not covered by your medical plan. Frequently asked questions What is health insurance? Health insurance is a plan, or policy, that covers a percentage of doctors’ visits and hospital bills. It helps offset the costs of both planned and unplanned medical needs. Medical care can be expensive, but health insurance may help lessen the financial burden. And health insurance isn’t just for when you’re sick or injured. It can also help you stay healthy through preventive care and wellness programs. This may help you save money, too, by catching potential health concerns before they become larger issues. How does health insurance work? Health insurance is a contract between you and an insurance company (the insurer). When you purchase a plan, you become a member of that plan. Each month, you’ll likely pay a fee, called a premium, to use the plan. There are many different types of health plans, but they generally work the same way. You pay for some medical costs and your insurer pays for some costs. How those costs break out depend on your specific plan benefits and coverage. Learn more about how health insurance works How do I get health insurance? Finding the right health insurance plan depends on a variety of factors. These include things like your age, health and financial situation. For example, if you’re over 65 or have a qualifying disability or special situation, you may be eligible for Medicare. If you have a lower income, you may qualify for Medicaid. If you want to purchase an individual plan, an Affordable Care Act (ACA) plan could be an option. Or, you may have the option to get health insurance through your employer. Most health insurance plans have a special period of time, usually once a year, when you can enroll. This is called open enrollment. It’s when you can start, stop or change your health plan. Timing of open enrollment varies based on the plan. Learn more about open enrollment What are the different types of health insurance? There are a variety of health insurance plans that fit different needs. Some plans are offered through the government, like Affordable Care Act (ACA) plans, Medicare plans and Medicaid plans. There are also health plans you can get through your employer. Or, you can purchase a plan on your own, like short term health insurance that offers coverage for a limited amount of time. Understanding the different health insurance options can help you find the plan that may work best for you. You may also see terms like HMO, PPO, EPO and POS ­— these refer to the four basic kinds of provider networks that certain health plans may offer. A network may include doctors, hospitals and other providers that agree to provide services to plan members at a negotiated rate. This may help lower your out-of-pocket costs. Learn more about the different types of health insurance How much does health insurance cost? It depends. A variety of factors impact how much you pay. These can include your age, your location and lifestyle habits. It also depends on the type of plan you choose. With some plans, you may pay less up front, but more when you receive care. For other plans, the opposite can be true. Learn more about health insurance costs What does health insurance cover? Coverage is unique to each health plan. Many plans may cover things like preventive care, prescription drugs, hospital stays, mental health services and more. A plan may cover the full cost of certain services, or you may have to share costs (by paying a copay or coinsurance, for example) until you meet a deductible or out-of-pocket limit. Make sure to review benefits and coverage before choosing a plan. You can find this information in the plan’s Summary of Benefits and Coverage. This is a document that all health plan companies are required to provide. It outlines what’s covered, partially covered or not covered under a health plan. Learn how to review a Summary of Benefits and Coverage Learn more about health insurance Here for you in ways big and small UnitedHealthcare is dedicated to being there for what matters. See what you can expect when you choose us as your health care partner. Being there for what matters Open video transcript Close video transcript Video transcript [Text On Screen - UnitedHealthcare] MALE: Being there, we know it can make all the difference in the world – to your family, [VIDEO OPENS WITH A THREE GENERATION FAMILY SITTING TOGETHER ON A PORCH, THE UNITEDHEALTHCARE LOGO RIBBON, GLIDES ACROSS THE SCREEN] to your happiness, [THE RIBBON CONTINUES TO THE NEXT SCENE OF A BOY AND A GIRL AT A BUS STOP WEARING MATCHING SHORT FRACTURE WALKER BOOTS.] to your health. [SHOT OF A DOCTOR TALKING TO A PATIENT] That's why at UnitedHealthcare, we're dedicated to being there for what matters to you, every day, [A MOTHER AND TWO DAUGHTERS ARE DRIVING TO KARATE LESSONS, THE YOUNGEST DAUGHTER RUBS HER EAR, THE SCENE TRANSITIONS TO MOM CALLING UHC FOR A TELEVISIT] in ways big, and small. [A MAN JOGS WITH A DOG ON A LEAD] Helping simplify your healthcare experience. [A UNITEDHEALTHCARE REPRESENTATIVE TALKS TO A COUPLE] Working to help make quality care more affordable, and accessible, [A FATHER AND TWO SONS WALK INTO A DRUG STORE/PHARMACY, FATHER USES THE UHC APP TO VIEW THE TRANSACTION DETAILS] and offering personalized solutions and support, [A MONTAGE OF DIFFERENT SERVICES BEING OFFERED BY DOCTORS, HEALTHCARE WORKERS AND CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES] because we believe everyone deserves a healthcare partner who never quits, one you know will be there. [A CHILD WITH A CAST JUMPS INTO A SWIMMING POOL] UnitedHealthcare, there for what matters. [Text On Screen - UnitedHealthcare There for what matters™] Latest news and articles View more articles