Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat – CTBUH Sign Up Join Shop Login Database Tallest Building Lists Explore Building Data Interactive Map Cities Countries Tall Building Criteria Buildings of Distinction Height Calculator Tall Timber Center News & Events Tall & Urban News Calendar Conferences Awards Program CTBUH News Research Research Projects Publications Data Studies Research Papers Video Library Academic Collaborations Masters Program Funding and Competitions Membership Join Get Involved Chapters & Regions Committees Member Companies People About About CTBUH Leadership History Offices & Staff Featured Tall Building Varso Tower, Warsaw CTBUH Member Firm: Buro Happold Learn More Advancing Sustainable Vertical Urbanism See how CTBUH is leading the global conversation on the future of cities. About Us View Recent Initiatives Join Us in Istanbul for the CTBUH 2024 Europe Conference Be part of a vital continent-wide conversation on the natural, geopolitical, and technological challenges & opportunities facing cities throughout the European region. Mark Your Calendar... ...and stay up to date on the latest news about the CTBUH 2024 Int'l. Conference, 23-27 Sept., in London & Paris, where we’ll tackle one of the biggest dilemmas confronting cities today. World's Tallest Buildings See rankings and explore information on the tallest buildings in the world. Featured Publication In recognition of the completion of Merdeka 118, this latest edition in our “100 Tallest” series profiles the world’s 118 tallest buildings. Featured Research Interactive Study: Sea-level Rise Susceptibility, Miami Interactive Map Explore tall buildings and CTBUH activity all over the world. Featured Data Interactive Study - Sea-Level Rise Susceptibility LATEST TALL & URBAN NEWS 04 March 2024 | Houston Additional Funding Secured for Houston Residential High-Rise 01 March 2024 | Dubai Iconic Dubai Development with Cantilever is Inaugurated 29 February 2024 Vertical Living Supported with New Codes and Zoning Laws in Southwest US Featured Top Level Members Sign up for updates or follow us © 2024 Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat Careers at CTBUH Submit Data & Photos FAQ Contact Us Close Get the Latest News and Updates from CTBUH Fields with an asterisk (*) next to them are required. View our privacy policy We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. Review our Privacy Policy for more information. Allow cookies Welcome to the CTBUH website, which includes the tall building database formerly known as The Skyscraper Center (skyscrapercenter.com). To search for buildings, use the search button at the top of the navigation. We offer the same resources to our users, but features displaying a 'lock' symbol are exclusive to CTBUH members. Please note that you must become a CTBUH member to access those features. Close