Online Learning With The World's Most Popular LMS - Moodle Skip to content MenuClose Solutions Moodle LMSEngage your learners with flexible, secure, and accessible online learning spaces. Certified IntegrationsExtend your online learning ecosystem with powerful and trusted add-ons. Moodle AppAccess Moodle from anywhere, on any device online and offline. Moodle WorkplaceStreamline training, onboarding, and compliance management while driving learning outcomes that you can measure. Certified IntegrationsExtend your online learning ecosystem with powerful and trusted add-ons. Moodle AppAccess Moodle from anywhere, on any device online and offline. MoodleCloudFrom ready to go cloud-based Standard Plans to fully hosted Premium Solutions. Services Certified Partners & ServicesGet managed services and expertise in customisations, learning design, hosting, support, and training to suit your unique requirements. Find your PartnerOur network of Moodle Certified Partners and Service Providers will transform Moodle into a solution that meets your unique needs. Become a Moodle PartnerShowcase your expertise and grow your business with the world’s most customisable and trusted online learning solution. HostingStreamline your hosting with scalable, reliable and robust options, ranging from cloud-based Standard Plans to fully hosted Premium Solutions. Customisation & DevelopmentGet expert help in tailoring your Moodle platform to your specific goals and requirements. Learning DesignAccess expertise in course setup, curriculum development and instructional design. Support & TrainingGet support with troubleshooting, maintenance, upgrades and more with dedicated training and support teams. Customers K-12Create highly engaging and secure online learning spaces to nurture young minds. Higher EducationSupport every type of learner, undergraduate, continuing education, non-degree, and professional development, all within one LMS. Vocational TrainingBring your vocational education and training courses online with Moodle LMS. Workplace LearningTrain and upskill your workforce with a suite of automation, reporting, and virtual learning tools that save time and drive results. GovernmentMeet regulatory and compliance standards with a scalable and secure LMS for public sector organisations. HealthcareCreate continuous learning programs and automate compliance training to keep your staff up to date, ensuring better care and patient outcomes. IT & TechnologyCustomise your LMS, save time and improve your staff and customer onboarding and training with measurable outcomes. Community About Us About UsLearn more about Moodle’s story, mission, and the people behind our global project. The Moodle StoryExplore Moodle’s history and learn about our commitment to support equity of access to quality eLearning experiences. Open SourceFind out how open source supports a more equitable world and ensures sustainability, security, flexibility and customisability. Moodle’s AI PrinciplesLearn about Moodle’s human-centred approach to AI and our commitment to transparency, configurability, data protection, equality, and ethical practice. Official Certified B CorporationRead Moodle’s commitment to educators, learners, employees, customers, and society through achieving B-Corp certification. EventsSee upcoming events and dates for our worldwide MoodleMoot conferences, training, and webinars. CareersJoin our mission to empower educators to improve our world. Browse career opportunities at Moodle. AwardsDiscover our global awards and rankings that are a testament to Moodle’s 20+ years of expertise in education technology. News NewsFind news and resources about Moodle products, solutions, services, releases, case studies, and more.View All News Helen Foster celebrates 17 years as part of Moodle’s HQ community Moodle selected among the winners of the G2 Best Software Awards 2024 Development plans to maximise employee training outcomes Get Moodle Contact Us EN EN DE ES FR IT PT-BR Get Moodle Log In EN EN DE ES FR IT PT-BR Moodle US Moodle India Moodle Community MoodleNet Moodle Academy Online learning, delivered your way Join hundreds of thousands of educators and trainers on Moodle, the world’s most customisable and trusted learning management system. Get Moodle Why Moodle?Moodle puts the power of eLearning in your hands At Moodle, our mission is to empower educators to improve our world with our open source eLearning software. Flexible, secure, and customisable for any online teaching or training initiative, Moodle gives you the freedom to create an eLearning platform that best meets your needs. Customise your learning experience With a wide range of inbuilt features, plugins, and integrations at your disposal, you can create any course or learning environment you envision with Moodle. Scale your platform to any size From small classrooms to large universities, global companies, and government departments, Moodle can be scaled to support organisations of all sizes. Safeguard your LMS data and systems As an open source platform, Moodle is committed to safeguarding data security, user privacy, and security controls. For complete control, Moodle can be easily deployed on a private secure cloud or server. Use anywhere, on any device With a mobile-compatible interface and cross-browser compatibility, content on the Moodle platform is easily accessible, available offline, and consistent across different web browsers and devices. Tap into specialist LMS support Get your LMS set up and serviced for you by a Moodle Certified Partner or Service Provider of your choice. Our products Choose your online learning platform Moodle has online teaching and workplace training solutions to suit any organisation. Start by choosing the best platform for your learning goals. Moodle LMS Engage your learners with flexible, secure, and accessible online learning spaces with Moodle LMS, our fully customisable learning management system. Accessible Open Source Secure & Scalable View more Watch the video to discover Moodle LMS: Our fully customisable learning management system. Moodle Workplace Streamline workplace training, onboarding, and compliance management while driving measurable learning outcomes with Moodle Workplace, our enterprise learning management platform. Customisable Enterprise Software Secure & Scalable View more Watch the video to discover Moodle Workplace: our enterprise learning management platform. Success Stories Building better learning experiences with Moodle Read inspiring stories from around the world on how Moodle is being used to manage online learning and improve learner outcomes. Higher Education Eummena ReadSpeaker How STEM Olympiade improved the inclusivity and accessibility of its assessments with Moodle LMS Workplace Learning Moodle LMS PCMan How BAF transformed employee onboarding and progress tracking with Moodle LMS MoodleCloud Vocational Training moodlecloud Standard Plans How The Blacktown TOP transformed traffic offender programs using MoodleCloud Standard Plans View all case studies Our customers Who’s using Moodle? Moodle is the online learning platform of choice for thousands of schools, universities, colleges, vocational trainers, and workplaces in every part of the world. 0+ Users world wide 0 Billion+ Course enrolments 0+ Courses in 42 languages 0+ Moodle sites Testimonials What our customers say Hear from teachers, instructors, and leaders in education about how Moodle empowers them to provide quality online learning experiences. Giovanni S, Source: G2 14/02/2023 "Being open source is the best thing. It has a huge community and you can customise it as you wish. It is very flexible for creating courses in a variety of fields. Also, the possibility of tracking advancements is very well thought. " Srinivas G, Consultant, Source: G2 22/03/2023 "Free open source yet very powerful LMS with end-to-end delivery of a course online. Amazing tools for conducting the assessments and provides the reports very useful for performance analysis." André C, Chief Technology Officer, Source: Capterra 01/07/2022 "Moodle makes it easy to spin up a learning platform with minimal ongoing technical maintenance. Moodle has been around for ages, which means that most business requirements one would have are already implemented and available. For almost everything else, there are community plugins. " Faycal, Instructor, Source: Capterra 06/09/2023 "Moodle provides a high level of customisation, allowing educators to tailor the learning environment to their specific needs. It offers a variety of customisable themes, layouts, and activity modules, enabling instructors to create engaging and interactive online courses." Adolphine, Lecturer, Source: Capterra 06/08/2023 "What I like the most is the system’s comprehensive learning environment, user-friendly interface, course customisation, content management capabilities, collaboration and communication tools, assessment and feedback features, progress tracking and reporting. Moodle supports integration with various external tools and systems, allowing for seamless integration of additional functionalities. Instructors can integrate external plugins, learning tools, or applications to enhance the learning experience and meet specific instructional needs." Massy, Freelancer, Source: Capterra 29/06/2023 "The platform offers a very intuitive way to organise and find the courses you are attending at the university with ease in searching the material published by the professors. The various publication sectors are well organised and easily accessible, and if you want to download content to your mobile phone or computer, it is immediate with no intermediate steps." Bharatkumar K, Assistant Administrator, Source: G2 24/03/2023 "Moodle’s high adaptability enables us to create lessons and learning activities that precisely suit their requirements and preferences. It is simple to design exciting and interactive classes thanks to this flexibility." Sara, Supervisor, Source: Capterra 06/06/2023 "It is an easy-to-use tool, both for the user and the administrator, since in it you can find the way to create courses and thus reinforce various day-to-day topics with the efforts of each company." Mehmet K, Front-End Developer, Source: G2 24/10/2022 "The best LRM solution among its alternatives. Overall, Moodle has been a pretty worthwhile experience for me. My team and I spend relatively little effort on Moodle generating new classes, courses, and exams. The administration of courses is pretty smooth, and students may easily learn Moodle’s user interface." Pioneers in education technology Our global awards and rankings are a testament to Moodle’s 20+ years of expertise in education technology, and the dedication of our community to continually improve our LMS systems. See our awards Find your partnerHere to help you succeed Wherever you are in the world, there’s a Moodle expert near you who can provide help. From site setup and hosting, to customisations and training, unlock unparalleled expertise and dedicated support 24/7 through our global network of Moodle Certified Partners and Service Providers. Get expert advice Empowering educators to improve our world. Empowering educators to improve our world. Empowering educators to improve our world. Ready to go? Get Moodle up and running via a Certified Partner or Service Provider or MoodleCloud Standard Plan. Get started Need advice? Not sure which Moodle setup is right for you? Answer a few quick questions to find out which method is best suited to your needs. See my options Moodle 4 is here! Explore our latest releases With fresh and intuitive interfaces, find out how the latest release of our eLearning platforms make it easier for educators or trainers to create and edit courses, engage diverse teams of learners, and maximise employee training outcomes. Learn about Moodle LMS 4 Learn about Moodle Workplace 4 All Solutions Moodle LMS Moodle Workplace Moodle App MoodleCloud Customers Moodle for K-12 Moodle for Higher Education Moodle for Vocational Training Workplace Learning Certified Partners & Service Providers Find Your Partner Become a Moodle Certified Partner Certified Integrations Community Community About Us About Us Moodle Story Open Source B Corp Certified News Events Careers Empowering educators to improve our world. Donate Shop Newsletter sign up Cookies Policy Privacy Notice Trademark Policy The word Moodle and associated Moodle logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Moodle Pty Ltd or its related affiliates Copyright © 2024 Moodle All rights reserved Close Find out which Moodle setup is right for you Are you in education or workplace learning? Workplace Learning Education Workplace We recommend Moodle Workplace for Corporate Learning. Explore Moodle Workplace Technical Expertise Do you have the technical expertise to set up your own Moodle instance? Yes No Direct Download We recommend you download the latest version of Moodle below. Download Moodle Now Support Do you need support with implementing your Moodle solution? Yes No Certified Service Provider We recommend speaking to our Certified Service Providers. Find a Certified Service Provider MoodleCloud We recommend signing up for MoodleCloud via the link below. Explore MoodleCloud Close Close