Home - The Big Cheezburger Network - Made from the finest of internets - Cheezburger I Can Has I Can Has Cheezburger? Cat Meme Of The Decade Cats N' Kittens Lolcats FAIL Blog FAIL Blog After 12 Autocowrecks Dating Fails FAIL Nation Failbook Monday Thru Friday Music Parenting Fails Poorly Dressed School of Fail There, I Fixed It Ugliest Tattoos WIN! Memebase Memebase Animals Cringe Fandom Food Geek Internet Trends Parenting Puns Random Memes Reddit TikTok Twitter Discourse Wholesome Animal Comedy Animal Comedy Animal Gifs Daily Squee Doggos N' Puppers I Has A Hotdog Pet Passports Geek Universe Geek Universe Cartoons & Anime Game of Thrones My Little Brony Pokémemes Pokémon GO! Superheroes The Walking Dead Video Game Coverage CheezCake CheezCake Bossy DIY Hot Life in Style Love & Relationships Mock Diaries Parenthood The Single Society To The Guys I've Dated Parenting Parenting Newsletter The Cheezburger Shop Log In Log In Cheezburger Search Newsletter The Cheezburger Shop Cheezburger Channels I Can Has FAIL Blog Memebase Animal Comedy Geek Universe CheezCake Parenting Home Funny Cat Memes Sent In Our Family Group Chat To Make Fun Of Our Dad Who 'Hated Cats' But Fell In Love With The New Kitten Why Am I Like This: 31 Relatable Posts About Not Being Normal Bittersweet Memes for Hard Workers Who Make Lemons Out of Lemonade Advertisement Hooman Invites Cat Lovers to Share Spontaneous Shots of Their Hissterically Heartwarming Felines in Wholesome Thread Effortlessly fabulous View List - - 'Revenge on a horrible boss that cost me $10k': Analyst poaches numerous employees from former boss It didn't take long after leaving a job before this employee began plotting their revenge . If your boss cost you roughly $10,000, you'd probably feel the same way! As you rise through the ranks of your career, you might spot opportunities to prove yourself. Maybe your boss is going on vacation, and they ask you to keep an eye on things until they're back. Or maybe your supervisor wants you to take on extra responsibilities to help you better understand the industry. Employees will often take o… View List - - Advertisement 28 Memes for True Crime Aficionados to Enjoy During Their Internet Sleuthing Breaks are you really an aficionado if you haven't solved the JonBenét Ramsey case View List - - 30 Funny Memes for the Coolest Moms on the Block For the most fun and trendy moms. View List - - A Groomer's Biscuit Basket of 39 Dog Memes to Start Your Week Fresh (March 4, 2024) You pup may forgive you for stepping on his paw, but he'll never forget View List - - Advertisement 33 Breathtaking Pictures of Abandoned Places Reclaimed by Nature Who abandoned these places and why? View List - - Cat Enthusiasts Offer a Classic Collection of Silly Felines That Is Bound to Turn That Frown Upside Down Grinning like a Cheshire cat View List - - 'She called me spoiled and entitled': Rich kid doesn't get extravagant 18th birthday party, accuses parents of picking favorites For once, the ruthless folks of the internet sided with a potentially entitled rich kid. What backward universe are we living in? Well, it turns out the only thing worse than clueless, entitled kids are their clueless, entitled parents. This thread was posted to Reddit's r/AmITheA**hole subreddit by u/Odd_Emotion662 , a young man whose sister got to have an extravagant party for her 18th birthday. Clearly, the original poster got it in his head that when he turned 18, he would get similar treat… View List - - Advertisement 30+ Musical Memes For Theatre Kids And Theatre Adults 5 6 7 8! View List - - ‘I’m not going to marry you’: Girlfriend Embarrasses Boyfriend By Publicly Declining Awkward Marriage Proposal After He Makes a Big Scene Patience is key View List - - Perfectly Pawdorable Pet Memes To Clear Up Your Monday Blues And get on your dancing shoes View List - - Advertisement Naughtiest Cat Moments Caught by Hoomans Who Failed to Protect Their Food From Their Feisty Felines I can has a treat? View List - - 'That was basically the "last straw"': Overwhelmed employee gets scolded for working overtime, starts working only 5 hours per day If you could work just five hours per day , would you? Most of us would thrive with that lifestyle and would take that offer instantly. For many or most adults, working full time is a norm we get used to. In other parts of the world, people take three month vacations or work just a few hours every day. Meanwhile, America is a bit more focused on hustle culture. People love to talk about how they're always grinding away to make money and advance their careers. Have you ever been to a party and s… View List - - 30 Memes That Can Take the Heat You can stay in the kitchen I guess View List - - Advertisement 30 Magical Memes For Single Girls Embracing Their Divine Feminine Energy Single not ready to mingle never felt so good View List - - Heartwarming Doggo Owner Carries His Sick Dog 180 Miles By Wheelbarrow For One Last Adventure (Pictures & Comments) One of those stories that restores your faith in humanity View List - - 1 2 3 4 5 Advertisement Hot Today POPULAR 'Well, 9:00am - 5:00pm it is!': Lawyer refuses to come in early for big meeting after getting reprimanded by partner for leaving early 1 Wits of Steel: 30 Unassailable 'You Can't Argue with That' Comebacks for the Ages (March 3, 2024) 2 A Critical Hit of 44 Dungeons and Dragons Memes for Guarded Gamers Running a Tavern 3 36 Wholesome Posts for Overworked Employees Who Need a Vacation 4 'Mind [your] own business': Neighbor refuses to heed warning about getting the proper permits, pays dearly for his arrogance 5 'Don't worry about the business... it'll run without you': Coffee shop manager blocks bosses number and quits, things start "going wrong the next day" 6 UPVOTED Purrfect timing 1 Cat Owners Gather to Discuss Silliest Purchases They’ve Ever Made for Their Feline Companions 2 The cat she told you not to worry about 3 Let's play. 4 Dear coffee 5 Beanception 6 Follow The Laughs Terms | Privacy | Security | DMCA Policy Advertisement Have an idea or a criticism? We want to hear from you: contactus@cheezburger.com Channels I Can Has I Can Has Cheezburger? Cat Meme Of The Decade Cats N' Kittens Lolcats FAIL Blog FAIL Blog After 12 Autocowrecks Dating Fails FAIL Nation Failbook Monday Thru Friday Music Parenting Fails Poorly Dressed School of Fail There, I Fixed It Ugliest Tattoos WIN! Memebase Memebase Animals Cringe Fandom Food Geek Internet Trends Parenting Puns Random Memes Reddit TikTok Twitter Discourse Wholesome Animal Comedy Animal Comedy Animal Gifs Daily Squee Doggos N' Puppers I Has A Hotdog Pet Passports Geek Universe Geek Universe Cartoons & Anime Game of Thrones My Little Brony Pokémemes Pokémon GO! Superheroes The Walking Dead Video Game Coverage CheezCake CheezCake Bossy DIY Hot Life in Style Love & Relationships Mock Diaries Parenthood The Single Society To The Guys I've Dated Parenting Parenting Join Us Get The App ©2024 Cheezburger, Inc. Terms | Privacy | Security | DMCA Policy Find us on: Facebook, Twitter