Occam's Razor by Avinash Kaushik - Digital Marketing and Analytics Blog Home Press, Videos, Podcasts Speaking Engagements Knowledge About ▼ Avinash Kaushik Mi Pequeña Pasión Occam's Razor – What ? Disclaimers & Disclosures Occam's Razor by Avinash KaushikDigital Marketing and Analytics BlogScapegoating Analysts | Recognizing & Preventing A Bad Idea. Leave a Comment | Print | PDFHere’s a sign that you’ve arrived as an Analyst or an Analytics team: At the first sign of failure reported by the data, most people blame you (Analyst/Data). Wear it as a badge of honor! It means your analysis has identified insights that are big enough, important enough, that the recipients get instantly worried. Ideally, you live in a culture where good analysis identifying poor performance would be warmly welcomed as an opportunity to learn, an opportunity to change, and, for the bravest cultures, an opportunity to change leadership posture (or leaders). What's often a lot more common is to take the easy way out by sowing doubt, undertaking "rationalizations,"… Keep reading: Scapegoating Analysts | Recognizing & Preventing A Bad Idea. » Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock! 3 Comments | Print | PDFAn extraordinary amount of time, effort, $$$ are spent on building dashboards/scorecards for CMOs… Yet, the end result, nearly always, is a useless data puke. It turns out boiling the ocean is hard. To build an effective big picture scorecard for the CMO, that is not data pukey, there are three crucial challenges that have to be solved: Represent the full span of the CMO’s world. Marketing broadly tends to obsess about Paid Media, they have to care about Owned and Earned Media as well – the latter will be the source of 70% – 75% of the incremental conversions! Deliver a roughly apples-to-apples comparison. How do you compare $10… Keep reading: Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock! » 1 2 3 … 175 Next Page » Avinash Kaushik Bestselling Author, Analytics | Chief Strategy Officer, Croud. Read more » My Ideas-packed Newsletter Each week I share solutions to your real-world challenges, unpacks future-looking opportunities, and highlights frameworks to inspire you to think smart, move fast. Follow & Connect! Email: blog at kaushik dot net Never Miss A Post Via RSS Feed My Education Startup Digital Marketing Certification, Tests and Standards. My Best Selling Books Web Analytics 2.0 *Audio Summary* Web Analytics: An Hour A Day Recent Posts Scapegoating Analysts | Recognizing & Preventing A Bad Idea. Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock! Transform Data's Impact: Pick The Right Success KPI! Winning With Data: Say No To Insights, Yes To Out-of-sights! Robust Experimentation and Testing | Reasons for Failure! The Most Important Business KPIs. (Spoiler: Not Conversion Rate!) Recent Comments Stella on Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock!Anand Modi on Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock!SEO e contenuti che contano: linee guida per i valutatori della qualità - Welcome Digital on See, Think, Do, Care Winning Combo: Content +Marketing +Measurement!Moqim Alam on The 2015 Digital Marketing Rule Book. Change or Perish.Sagar Tyagi on Strategic Marketing Analytics: CMO Dashboards That Rock! Unmissable Articles: The Biggest Mistake Analysts Make… And How To Avoid It! Multi-Channel Attribution: Definitions, Models and a Reality Check 7 Incredible Web Design, Branding, Digital Marketing Experiences Facebook Advertising / Marketing: Best Metrics, ROI, Business Value Segmentation: Do Or Die, There Is No Try! Best Digital Analytics Tools: Quantitative, Qualitative, Life Saving! Video: A Big Data Imperative: Driving Big Action Return to top of pageCopyright © 2024 Avinash Kaushik · Privacy Policy