Home | iCivics Skip to main content × ICW5 Main Menu play All Games Convene the Council Constitutional Compromise Neighborhood Good People's Pie Argument Wars Branches of Power Cast Your Vote Counties Work Counties Work: Texas Court Quest Do I Have a Right? Executive Command Game Odyssey Immigration Nation LawCraft Newsfeed Defenders Race to Ratify Sortify: U.S. Citizenship Win the White House teach Search Our Library Scope & Sequence Professional Development Get Started Educator Community FAQ about About iCivics Who We Are Our Strategy CivXNow Our Commitment Our Team Blog Contact Us ICW5 logged out menu DONATE SIGN IN Sign In Register as a Student Register as a Teacher Register as a Parent Toggle navigation ICW5 Main Menu play All Games Convene the Council Constitutional Compromise Neighborhood Good People's Pie Argument Wars Branches of Power Cast Your Vote Counties Work Counties Work: Texas Court Quest Do I Have a Right? Executive Command Game Odyssey Immigration Nation LawCraft Newsfeed Defenders Race to Ratify Sortify: U.S. Citizenship Win the White House teach Search Our Library Scope & Sequence Professional Development Get Started Educator Community FAQ about About iCivics Who We Are Our Strategy CivXNow Our Commitment Our Team Blog Contact Us ICW5 logged out menu DONATE SIGN IN Sign In Register as a Student Register as a Teacher Register as a Parent Honoring the Life and Legacy of our Founder, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor LEARN MORE teach iCivics exists to engage students in meaningful civic learning. We provide teachers well-written, inventive, and free resources that enhance their practice and inspire their classrooms. about iCivics reimagines civic education for American democracy Explore our new elementary curriculum. PRIVATE i HISTORY DETECTIVES family Activities for educators and families. Meet with your neighbors, make a plan, and do some good in the neighborhood Introduce your classroom to civic engagement and challenge your students to solve familiar problems in a fictional community with our new game, Neighborhood Good. Play it now! New from iCivics: Supreme Decision Simulations! Turn your classroom into the Supreme Court and bring civics to life through media-rich, whole-class, collaborative experiences. Your students will take on the role of Petitioner, Respondent, or Justice, review landmark decisions, and decide fictional cases. Discover Our Simulations Sandra Day O'Connor wanted to be remembered as a trailblazer for civic education As the nation mourns the passing of Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, the first woman to serve as a U.S. Supreme Court Justice, we remember her not only for her seminal work with the Court, but also as the founder of a movement to revitalize civic education. READ MORE NEW: Music Videos About Civics For Kids! Well Versed is a new animated music video series from Nickelodeon and ATTN: that explores civic topics for elementary students and preschoolers with viewing guides from iCivics. Explore the Playlist 3 New DBQuests to Sharpen Your Student’s Primary Source Analysis Unlock the power of inquiry-based learning with our three new DBQuests! Each DBQuest asks students a big question which acts as a guiding light for in-depth analysis of three multimedia primary resources. Learn More How Did Laws, Courts, and People Impact Civil Rights in the Late 1800s? In this new Private i History Detectives unit, Elementary students analyze primary sources to discover how Constitutional Amendments attempted to address slavery’s wrongs, how the courts challenged unfair laws, and how individuals and groups fought for civil rights. View the New Unit Teachers, are you new to iCivics? GET STARTED For me, civic education is the key to inspiring kids to want to stay involved in making a difference. Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor, U.S. Supreme Court iCivics has helped my students to become better educated and comfortable with the functions of the United States government. They are now more engaged in the political process and exhibit confidence when discussing political issues. Nathan McAlister, History Teacher, Kansas With iCivics, you get to take charge and solve the nation’s problems, and you begin to really see how much of an impact you can make to the community, state, even country and make this country better. Julie Lewelling, 13 years old (8th grade), Coronado, K-8, Tucson, AZ I have worked to promote civic education for young people through iCivics. I consider engaging the next generations of citizens to be my most important work yet and my legacy. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, U.S. Supreme Court [Ret.] My students played “¿Tengo algún derecho?” and they absolutely loved it. After playing the Spanish version a few times, they were more successful when playing “Do I Have A Right?” in English. Miriam Gonzerelli, Bilingual Language Arts, TOR Middle School, Stamford, CT I love getting to play iCivics. It’s amazing how much your view changes when you’re the one to have to take care of the people; not the other way around. It opened up my mind about how much work it is to keep everyone happy and made me appreciate my government much more. Kylie Ray, 7th grade, Waco, TX I find the materials so engaging, relevant, and easy to understand – I now use iCivics as a central resource, and use the textbook as a supplemental tool. The games are invaluable for applying the concepts we learn in class. My seniors LOVE iCivics. Lynna Landry , AP US History & Government / Economics Teacher and Department Chair, California I have found that students are absolutely excited about playing the games. They love "winning" the games, via court trials, etc. Even the most reluctant readers are fighting over who has the highest score in "Do I Have A Right?" all while learning. It is amazing! Gloria Darlington, Social Studies Teacher, Maryland I find the materials so engaging, relevant, and easy to understand – I now use iCivics as a central resource, and use the textbook as a supplemental tool. The games are invaluable for applying the concepts we learn in class. My seniors LOVE iCivics. Lynna Landry , AP US History & Government / Economics Teacher and Department Chair, California Are you passionate about ensuring all K-12 students receive high quality civic education? So are we! Learn how iCivics and its 130+ CivXNow Coalition partners are catalyzing a movement to build civic strength through education. LEARN MORE ICIVICS BLOG & NEWS U.S. Supreme Court Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Amy Coney Barrett, U.S. Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona and Archivist of the United States Colleen Shogan Headline Civic Learning Week, March 11-15, 2024 Mar 01, 2024 As students, educators, and public and private leaders participate in events across the country highlighting civics as a unifying force for 2024 and beyond, the U.S. Supreme Court Justices will participate in a conversation at Civic Learning Week's National Forum, and the U.S. Secretary of Education and Archivist of the United States will be featured as part of an evening reception March 12, 2024. News Story MA recommends iCivics for all grade levels Feb 27, 2024 iCivics has received a major vote of confidence from the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education (DESE). In a review by state educators of over 100 history and social studies curriculum materials that was just released as the Massachusetts K-12 History/Social Science Curricular Materials Review Guide, the state found that iCivics ranked among the top resources currently available--at all grade levels, K-12. News Story iCivics Educator Network Welcomes More Than 320 Civics and History Teachers Feb 22, 2024 iCivics, the country’s largest provider of civic education curriculum today announced that it has added 98 new members to its Educator Network. Blog Post Civically Supreme: Deciding to Delve into the Simulation Scene Feb 09, 2024 One hundred percent. One hundred percent of my students responded that the new iCivics’ Supreme Decision simulation strengthened their understanding of how the U.S. Supreme Court works. Blog Post New Game Teaches Students the Skills Needed for Local Involvement Jan 17, 2024 iCivics has partnered with the U.S. Product Announcement New Supreme Court Simulations Engage Students Through Media-Rich, Whole-Class Experiences Jan 08, 2024 iCivics launched Supreme Decision, a new simulation tool that equips teachers to guide their c Product Announcement Don’t Navigate the Challenges of Teaching Alone. Apply to join the Educator Network! Dec 20, 2023 While many professional learning communities exist, the iCivics Educator Network is unique. Blog Post Today, iCivics lost its leader, but we continue to be guided by Sandra Day O’Connor Dec 01, 2023 With her passing, it is up to all of us to continue her life’s work, making our nation ever stronger. Blog Post First Woman on Supreme Court Sandra Day O’Connor Will be Remembered as Country’s Foremost Advocate for Civic Education Dec 01, 2023 Though her career on the U.S. Supreme Court often took center stage, Justice O’Connor saw her founding of iCivics as her legacy. News Story Multilingual Mindset at the WIDA Conference Nov 06, 2023 "My aunt always said that knowing more than one language was a superpower." Shareen Marisol Meraji, keynote speaker kicked off the Blog Post 1035 Cambridge Street, Suite 1 Cambridge, MA 02141 Tel: 617-356-8311 info@icivics.org Footer Primary Menu about careers contact donate blog press terms of use academic integrity privacy policy ?