CBS Detroit - Breaking News, Sports, Weather & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Detroit On Your Block. Around the Clock. facebook twitter youtube instagram News Local News Autos Entertainment Health Politics U.S. World CBS+ Weather Latest Weather Live Radar Science of Weather Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Michigan Michigan State Videos Meet The Team Contact Us Station Info News Tips Contests & Promotions Galleries Advertise Jobs TV Schedule Michigan Matters Michigan Made Submit Your Pics/Video Download The App CBS News Live CBS News Detroit: Local News, Weather & More Jan 1, 2023 CBS News Detroit CBS News Live 2024 NFL Draft James Crumbley on Trial Metro Detroit's Missing Michigan Made Latest News More 19-year-old killed, firefighter injured in massive Clinton Township industrial fire A massive industrial fire that sent debris flying in the air in Clinton Township was under control Tuesday. updated 12M ago William Dwyer removed as Warren police commissioner Warren Police Commissioner William Dwyer has been removed from his role, effective immediately, Mayor Lori Stone announced Tuesday. 1M ago Westland man charged for allegedly shooting at his wife The Wayne County Prosecutor's Office says Kevin Butler, 61, is facing multiple charges after an hours-long barricaded situation. 27M ago Jury selection begins in trial of James Crumbley, father of Oxford High School shooter Jury selection began Tuesday in James Crumbley's trial. 5H ago Macomb County man charged for allegedly possessing child porn, sexually abusing a dog On March 5, Robert Gregory Hagberg II, 37, requested that his $250,000 bond be reduced, but a Warren judge denied that request. 3H ago Detroit chef Maxcel Hardy dies at age 40 Chef Maxcel Hardy, a Detroit native known for helping fight hunger, died Monday at the age of 40. 3H ago 22-year-old Macomb County man killed in motorcycle crash Ryan Lieb, 22, of Chesterfield Township, was killed in a motorcycle crash Monday evening. 4H ago Florida man charged after allegedly threatening to kill Muslims in Michigan Michael Shapiro, 72, of West Palm Beach has been charged in connection to threatening to kill members of CAIR Michigan, which is based in Canton. 4H ago Dodge introduces new versions of the Charger powered by electricity or gasoline America's muscle car culture will live on as the country transitions to electric vehicles, but the gas-powered performance car will last for at least a few more years. 5H ago More Local News Latest Videos More Latest Videos LittleGuide Detroit: A look at spring sports leagues and activities for kids Kerry Doman, founder of LittleGuide Detroit, joined CBS News Detroit with a look at the various spring sports leagues and activities for kids this spring. 3H ago 05:11 LittleGuide Detroit: A look at spring sports leagues and activities for kids Detroit Neighborhood Vitality Index tool The Neighborhood Vitality Index tool helps residents learn important indicators. 3H ago 02:32 NEXT Weather Forecast March 5, 2024 (Today) Falling temperatures with lingering showers. Meteorologist Kylee Miller breaks down your NEXT Weather forecast. CBSDetroit.com/weather. 4H ago 02:52 19-year-old killed, firefighter injured in massive Clinton Township industrial fire In an update Tuesday morning, Clinton Township Fire Chief Tim Duncan said a 19-year-old man died from injuries he sustained after being hit in the head by a piece of shrapnel. 5H ago 03:39 Jury selection begins in trial of James Crumbley, father of Oxford High School shooter Jury selection will begin this week in the trial of James Crumbley, the father of the Oxford High School shooter. 5H ago 02:37 More Latest Videos Up-to-the-minute on CBS News Detroit Michigan Matters Science of Weather Eye On Detroit Latest Weather More Latest Weather NEXT Weather Forecast March 5, 2024 (Today) Falling temperatures with lingering showers. Meteorologist Kylee Miller breaks down your NEXT Weather forecast. CBSDetroit.com/weather. 4H ago 02:52 More Current Conditions More Weather Michigan Matters More Michigan Matters: Voters weigh in on presidential primary and Oakland University's imprint grows Trump was in Oakland County two weeks ago and said that whichever candidate wins Michigan will ultimately win the White House this November. Mar 4 Michigan Matters: The presidential contest comes to the Great Lakes State Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley, who is on Tuesday's ballot, will be in Oakland County this Sunday and Monday in Grand Rapids campaigning for votes. Feb 27 More Entertainment News Princess Kate spotted in public for first time since abdominal surgery Celebrity news outlet TMZ has published a photo of Kate, the Princess of Wales, apparently being driven near the royal family's Windsor Castle. 11H ago Ancestry reveals Taylor Swift is related to American poet Emily Dickinson It turns out Taylor Swift, whose upcoming album is titled "The Tortured Poets Department," is distantly related to a famous poet: Emily Dickinson. Mar 4 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 CBS Detroit TV Schedule View All Programs Detroit 50 TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Sports News More Boo Buie and Northwestern host Michigan State Northwestern visits the Michigan State Spartans after Boo Buie scored 27 points in Northwestern's 87-80 loss to the Iowa Hawkeyes. 10H ago Police say Braylon Edwards is a hero for saving man during YMCA assault Police are praising former NFL player Braylon Edwards for stopping an attack on an 80-year-old man at a YMCA in Farmington Hills. 8H ago Detroit Red Wings captain Dylan Larkin is out 2 weeks with injury Detroit Red Wings captain Dylan Larkin will miss roughly the next two weeks because of injury. Mar 4 Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 6H ago Miami Heat faces conference foe Detroit Pistons Bam Adebayo and the Miami Heat host Cade Cunningham and the Detroit Pistons. Mar 4 More Sports News Latest News More Latest News 19-year-old killed, firefighter injured in massive Clinton Township industrial fire A massive industrial fire that sent debris flying in the air in Clinton Township was under control Tuesday. updated 12M ago William Dwyer removed as Warren police commissioner Warren Police Commissioner William Dwyer has been removed from his role, effective immediately, Mayor Lori Stone announced Tuesday. 1M ago Westland man charged for allegedly shooting at his wife The Wayne County Prosecutor's Office says Kevin Butler, 61, is facing multiple charges after an hours-long barricaded situation. 27M ago Jury selection begins in trial of James Crumbley, father of Oxford High School shooter Jury selection began Tuesday in James Crumbley's trial. 5H ago Macomb County man charged for allegedly possessing child porn, sexually abusing a dog On March 5, Robert Gregory Hagberg II, 37, requested that his $250,000 bond be reduced, but a Warren judge denied that request. 3H ago More Local News Automotive News More Automotive News Dodge introduces new versions of the Charger powered by electricity or gasoline America's muscle car culture will live on as the country transitions to electric vehicles, but the gas-powered performance car will last for at least a few more years. 5H ago Detroit's Packard Plant enters next phase of revitalization On Monday afternoon, crews began to tear another portion of the massive Packard Plant on the city's east side that's been an eyesore for decades. 23H ago GM's Factory Zero raises fire safety concern, Detroit Fire Department urges action The Detroit fire department is raising alarms over safety concerns at General Motors' Factory Zero, where the automaker produces its electric vehicles. Mar 1 Ford EV owners can now charge on Tesla's network, but they'll need an adapter Owners of Ford electric vehicles can now use much of Tesla's charging network in the U.S. and Canada, but there's a hitch. Feb 29 Lower auto prices finally giving frustrated Americans a break after years of inflation increases Price increases for cars and trucks in the United States, which helped fuel inflation for nearly three years, are slowing and in some cases falling, helping cool overall inflation and giving frustrated Americans more hope of finding an affordable vehicle. Feb 28 More Automotive News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Princess Kate spotted in public for first time since abdominal surgery Celebrity news outlet TMZ has published a photo of Kate, the Princess of Wales, apparently being driven near the royal family's Windsor Castle. 11H ago Ancestry reveals Taylor Swift is related to American poet Emily Dickinson It turns out Taylor Swift, whose upcoming album is titled "The Tortured Poets Department," is distantly related to a famous poet: Emily Dickinson. Mar 4 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Angry parents call cops over disappointing Willy Wonka "immersive experience" One dad said his 4-year-old had been telling all her teachers about how she was going to meet Willy Wonka. "It didn't really pan out like that," he said. Feb 29 Oprah Winfrey says she's stepping down from Weight Watchers Oprah Winfrey said that she's stepping back from her board seat at WeightWatchers after nine years, and will donate her WW stock. Mar 1 More Entertainment News National News More National News Dodge introduces new versions of the Charger powered by electricity or gasoline America's muscle car culture will live on as the country transitions to electric vehicles, but the gas-powered performance car will last for at least a few more years. 5H ago USPS will stop accepting orders for free COVID tests on March 8 Free pandemic-era courses of Pfizer's Paxlovid will also stop being dispensed, but there are some other options for getting it. 5H ago Facebook, Instagram services restored after widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users earlier today reported that they were booted out of the social media platforms, with many unable to log back in. 3H ago Credit card late fees to be capped at $8 under new Biden rule The Biden administration is moving to cap credit card late fees at $8, which now cost consumers about $32. 8H ago Boo Buie and Northwestern host Michigan State Northwestern visits the Michigan State Spartans after Boo Buie scored 27 points in Northwestern's 87-80 loss to the Iowa Hawkeyes. 10H ago More National News Health News More Health News USPS will stop accepting orders for free COVID tests on March 8 Free pandemic-era courses of Pfizer's Paxlovid will also stop being dispensed, but there are some other options for getting it. 5H ago Chick-fil-A tells customers to throw out a popular dipping sauce The Atlanta-based fast-food chain is cautioning patrons about a mislabeled sauce, saying it could contain wheat and soy allergens. Mar 4 First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 Measles cases reported in Washtenaw, Wayne counties People who have received two doses of the measles vaccine (MMR) are considered immune, as are adults born before 1957 or those who have shown evidence of prior measles illness. Mar 4 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 More Health News Sports News More Sports News Boo Buie and Northwestern host Michigan State Northwestern visits the Michigan State Spartans after Boo Buie scored 27 points in Northwestern's 87-80 loss to the Iowa Hawkeyes. 10H ago Police say Braylon Edwards is a hero for saving man during YMCA assault Police are praising former NFL player Braylon Edwards for stopping an attack on an 80-year-old man at a YMCA in Farmington Hills. 8H ago Detroit Red Wings captain Dylan Larkin is out 2 weeks with injury Detroit Red Wings captain Dylan Larkin will miss roughly the next two weeks because of injury. Mar 4 Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 6H ago Miami Heat faces conference foe Detroit Pistons Bam Adebayo and the Miami Heat host Cade Cunningham and the Detroit Pistons. Mar 4 More Sports News Michigan Matters More Michigan Matters Michigan Matters: Voters weigh in on presidential primary and Oakland University's imprint grows Trump was in Oakland County two weeks ago and said that whichever candidate wins Michigan will ultimately win the White House this November. Mar 4 Michigan Matters: The presidential contest comes to the Great Lakes State Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley, who is on Tuesday's ballot, will be in Oakland County this Sunday and Monday in Grand Rapids campaigning for votes. Feb 27 Michigan Matters: Former Detroit Mayor and Pistons legend Dave Bing talks Joe Biden and the Motor City Bing talked about working with Biden as mayor when he was the vice president under Barack Obama and the city and its automakers in financial distress. Feb 21 Michigan Matters: Celebrating Black business The show celebrates Black History Month, which takes place in February. Feb 9 Michigan Matters: Businessman Nasser Beydoun on his Senate race, Biden and politics Beydoun said he is still learning the ropes about running for office as he maps out his campaign strategy. Feb 8 More Michigan Matters Stories Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos LittleGuide Detroit: A look at spring sports leagues and activities for kids Kerry Doman, founder of LittleGuide Detroit, joined CBS News Detroit with a look at the various spring sports leagues and activities for kids this spring. 3H ago 05:11 Detroit Neighborhood Vitality Index tool The Neighborhood Vitality Index tool helps residents learn important indicators. 3H ago 02:32 NEXT Weather Forecast March 5, 2024 (Today) Falling temperatures with lingering showers. Meteorologist Kylee Miller breaks down your NEXT Weather forecast. CBSDetroit.com/weather. 4H ago 02:52 19-year-old killed, firefighter injured in massive Clinton Township industrial fire In an update Tuesday morning, Clinton Township Fire Chief Tim Duncan said a 19-year-old man died from injuries he sustained after being hit in the head by a piece of shrapnel. 5H ago 03:39 Jury selection begins in trial of James Crumbley, father of Oxford High School shooter Jury selection will begin this week in the trial of James Crumbley, the father of the Oxford High School shooter. 5H ago 02:37 More Latest Videos ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS Detroit News Sports Weather Entertainment Video Contests & Promotions Program Guide Sitemap Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WWJ-TV / CBS Detroit Public File for WKBD-TV / Detroit 50 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On