Jason Hewlett – The Promise Skip to content About Meet Jason Media Blog Keynote Experiences In-Person Keynote Virtual Keynote One-Man Show Meeting Professionals Book Contact Menu About Meet Jason Media Blog Keynote Experiences In-Person Keynote Virtual Keynote One-Man Show Meeting Professionals Book Contact 801-674-3668 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Youtube Jason Hewlett The Keynote Entertainment Experience Preview Video THE KEYNOTE ENTERTAINMENT EXPERIENCE A performance unlike any other, Jason Hewlett has no understudy. Of Las Vegas “Legends in Concert” Fame, he is the only Master Impressionist Entertainer in the world and Hall of Fame Speaker inspiring audiences to embrace their own leadership Signature Moves through music, comedy, and storytelling. THE RESULTS: Explosive laughter! Laughing while learning is the secret to an incredible presentation. Your attendees will sing along, enjoy shared laughter with colleagues, feel renewed commitment to work & life, and love your event. Participants will stop setting unrealistic goals and start making & keeping greater promises. Watch Preview Video "The highlight of our 3 day event in Budapest was undoubtedly the performance of Jason Hewlett. Entertainment, humor, great singing and outstanding education. I laughed so hard and at the same time learned so much." Miriam Greefhorst Rain International Promises are no small things. They’re commitments. Game-changers. Life-transformers. Your event attendees will learn how to: Identify strengths, capacities, and potential, along with top 10 Attributes that will benefit their business leadership skills and create life-changing transformation at home. Clarify team leadership roles and develop powerful Signature Moves that positively expand every engagement and interaction both within the team, and in the real world with customers and clients! Magnify their understanding and belief that each of us has greatness within and a capacity to elevate everything in our wake with Promise. To our organizations. Our communities. Our families and loved ones. Yes, one keynote can really do all of that! Learn More Take Hall of Fame Speaker status, combine it with award-winning Las Vegas entertainment, and content that moves audiences emotionally on every level and what do you have? A keynote that amplifies your ROI. Take-aways that stay long after the event venue closes. Comedy and music that lifts every message and wows every crowd. That’s what you get – every time – when you hire Jason Hewlett. An extraordinary Keynote Speaker Experience, a joyfully engaged audience, and the Promise of personal and professional transformation. Imagine your team members and leadership asking themselves daily, “How can I keep The Promise of our Company to my Customers? My Team? Myself? This simple shift and series of questions changes the way employees engage and deliver, managers mentor, leaders delegate and inspire, and customers connect. Instead of just leaning into traditional sales and marketing mantras – change your corporate culture for the better — forever. Jason’s Promise? That your event attendees will change the way they see themselves as people and as promise-makers. For their teams, their communities, and their families. Learn More One keynote that can fuel their promise, potential, and impact on your organization and the world around them. Powerfully empowering. Positively promising. Play Video "Jason brought the house down! Hands down the best comedy/ motivational/ amazing experience. Our people loved it." Ryan Lee CashFlow Tactics Play Video "Amazing message, incredible delivery, highly recommend him!" Dr. Vijay Parmar Bay Oral Surgery Play Video "My team came back so inspired and guided from Jason powerful presentation." Brad Jensen Motivosity Play Video "Jason far exceeded our expectations, it was incredible, the best speaker we've had." Dan Berger Berger Rental Communities Jason is an engaging and entertaining speaker. He can make the audience laugh but he can also inspire them to become better leaders, better team members, and all around better humans. I’ve seen Jason speak more than 5 times and every time I have laughed until I cried, and I have also left a better person - more committed to my work, and my family. It’s a rare speaker that can do that, and Jason can. - Michelle McCullough Recent Blog Post Announcements Crazy Week It is after midnight on Sunday, March 3, as this blog is due to go out at 5 AM. I usually don’t wait until the Read More » Announcements The Mighty Fail of 350 Subscribers The other day I received yet another message from some guy in India telling me how I am failing at promoting my YouTube channel, Read More » Cardio Miracle Your Favorite President Who is your Favorite President of the United States? And why? I grew up in the eras of Carter, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and have Read More » Privacy Policy Site Map Meeting Professionals Media Inquiries Jason Hewlett Keynote Speaker 801-674-3668 jason@jasonhewlett.com Get Social Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Youtube Why set a goal when we can make a promise? Copyright © 2024 Jason Hewlett, All Rights Reserved Web Development by Square Pixel, LLC This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Book Jason