Audi.com – the international Audi website | audi.com Menu Search Close Audi in your Region: Global Company Company Overview Overview Strategy Strategy Strategy Overview Overview Management Management Business Areas Business Areas Locations Locations Profile Profile Profile Overview Overview Brand Brand History History Investor Relations Investor Relations Investor Relations Overview Overview Financial Calendar Financial Calendar Financial Publications Financial Publications Compliance & risk management Compliance & risk management Compliance & risk management Overview Overview Compliance & Integrity Compliance & Integrity Whistleblower System Whistleblower System Risk Management Risk Management Press & Media Press & Media Innovation Innovation Overview Overview Product Innovation Product Innovation Product Innovation Overview Overview Technologies Technologies Drive Systems Drive Systems Design Design Future technologies Future technologies Future technologies Overview Overview Concept Cars Concept Cars Autonomous Driving Autonomous Driving Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Virtual Reality Digitalization Digitalization Digitalization Overview Overview Digital infrastructure Digital infrastructure Digital products Digital products Research Research Research Overview Overview Academic Cooperation Academic Cooperation The zip slider that binds the culture of ideas and series production together The zip slider that binds the culture of ideas and series production together Sustainability Sustainability Overview Overview Sustainability Concept Sustainability Concept Sustainability Concept Overview Overview Stakeholder Management Stakeholder Management Materiality Analysis Materiality Analysis Sustainability reports Sustainability reports Environment & Resources Environment & Resources Environment & Resources Overview Overview Decarbonization Decarbonization Circular Economy Circular Economy Electrification Electrification People & Society People & Society People & Society Overview Overview Employees & corporate culture Employees & corporate culture Diversity & Inclusion Diversity & Inclusion Corporate Citizenship Corporate Citizenship Responsibility in the supply chain Responsibility in the supply chain Human rights Human rights Ethical leadership Ethical leadership Ethical leadership Overview Overview Integrity Integrity Documents & policies Documents & policies Careers Careers Overview Overview Job portal Job portal Working at Audi Working at Audi Working at Audi Overview Overview Benefits Benefits Audi Spirit Audi Spirit New Work New Work School students School students Students Students Students Overview Overview Dual Study Master’s Degree Dual Study Master’s Degree Graduation Thesis Graduation Thesis Internship Internship Formula Student Formula Student Graduates Graduates Graduates Overview Overview Audi Global Graduate Program Audi Global Graduate Program PhD Program PhD Program Professionals Professionals Professionals Overview Overview Areas of focus Areas of focus Development opportunities Development opportunities Audi in sport Audi in sport Overview Overview Audi in motorsport Audi in motorsport Audi in football Audi in football Search Close Audi in your Region: Global Audi in your Region: Global The AUDI AG campaign for mental health Read more Current topics from the world of Audi Apprenticeship 02/07/2024 When an idea becomes reality With the Audi RS 6 Avant GT, Audi is demonstrating that the company is aware of its roots – and that something entirely new can emerge from them. Audi RS 6 Avant GT: Combined fuel consumption in l/100 km: 12.7-12.2; combined CO2 emissions in g/km: 289-277. Consumption and emission values are only available according to WLTP and not according to NEDC for this vehicle. Audi RS 6 Avant GT: Combined fuel consumption in l/100 km: 12.7-12.2; combined CO2 emissions in g/km: 289-277. Consumption and emission values are only available according to WLTP and not according to NEDC for this vehicle. Drive Systems 01/23/2024 Major steps toward an electric future Who are the faces behind the Audi Q6 e-tron? Three employees talk about their journeys into the "world of electric mobility". Decarbonization 12/01/2023 4 steps to net carbon neutrality¹ in Ingolstadt Production at the Audi plant in Ingolstadt will be net carbon-neutral as of January 1, 2024 – representing another important milestone on the path toward sustainable production at Audi’s main plant. Four steps illustrate how Audi will achieve this goal. Full electric speed ahead Audi recently underpinned its clear course toward electromobility with strong figures and important milestones. How the Four Rings are progressing on their path to successful electrification. Read more Audi Q8 Sportback e-tron: Power consumption (combined*) in kWh/100 km: 24.1–19.5CO₂ emissions (combined*) in g/km: 0Information on fuel/power consumption and CO₂ emissions with ranges depending on the selected equipment of the vehicle.Only consumption and emission values according to WLTP and not according to NEDC are available for the vehicle. Audi Q8 Sportback e-tron: Power consumption (combined*) in kWh/100 km: 24.1–19.5CO₂ emissions (combined*) in g/km: 0Information on fuel/power consumption and CO₂ emissions with ranges depending on the selected equipment of the vehicle.Only consumption and emission values according to WLTP and not according to NEDC are available for the vehicle. #WorkingInProgress Help us to design the mobility of tomorrow. With cars that use state-of-the-art technology to offer an awesome driving experience and, at the same time, pave the way into a future that is digital, sustainable and electric. Read more Press releases Audi MediaCenter 03/05/2024 Audi charging hub in Frankfurt To the press release Audi MediaCenter 02/22/2024 Infotainment system update for the Audi Q2 To the press release Audi MediaCenter 02/15/2024 Massimo Frascella becomes new Head of Design at Audi To the press release To the Audi MediaCenter At Audi you’ll find the right vehicle for every requirement Sporty, luxurious, or compact – at Audi you will find the right vehicle for every requirement. Discover and configure our series models now. Discover all models Audi Q4 e-tron: Power consumption (combined*) in kWh/100 km: 19.4–16.2CO₂ emissions (combined*) in g/km: 0Information on fuel/power consumption and CO₂ emissions with ranges depending on the selected equipment of the vehicle.Only consumption and emission values according to WLTP and not according to NEDC are available for the vehicle. Audi Q4 e-tron: Power consumption (combined*) in kWh/100 km: 19.4–16.2CO₂ emissions (combined*) in g/km: 0Information on fuel/power consumption and CO₂ emissions with ranges depending on the selected equipment of the vehicle.Only consumption and emission values according to WLTP and not according to NEDC are available for the vehicle. Close Audi worldwide Models, products and services – switch to your country / sales region website and discover the regional diversity of Audi. Your country / sales region Switch Close Close You are using an unsupported browser to access this website. To get the best User-Experience while visiting the website, please use the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari or Edge. Thank you very much for your visit. Your Audi Team Open website regardless The international Audi website Discover Audi as a brand, company and employer on our international website. Experience our vision of mobility and let yourself be inspired. Explore audi.com Audi of America: models, products and services Explore the full lineup of SUVs, sedans, e-tron models & more. Build your own, search inventory and explore current special offers. Switch to audiusa.com Error report The feedback form is currently unavailable.Please try again later. You may deactivate your ad blocker to view the feedback form. OK Topics Company Innovation Sustainability Career Audi in sport AUDI AG Audi Report 2022 Documents & Policies Financial Calender Management Locations Services myAudi Press Contact Job portal © AUDI AG. All rights reserved Legal notice Legal Whistleblower System Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Consent Options English Deutsch * The stated consumption and emissions values were determined in accordance with the legally stipulated measurement procedure. The WLTP test cycle completely replaced the NEDC test cycle with effect from 1 January 2022. As a result, no NEDC values are available for vehicles with a type approval issued after this date. The values do not refer to an individual vehicle and are not part of the offer; instead, they are solely for the purpose of comparing between different types of vehicles. Optional equipment and accessories (attachments, tyre formats etc.) may alter relevant vehicle parameters such as the weight, rolling resistance and aerodynamics and, alongside weather and traffic conditions and individual driving behaviour, may influence the fuel consumption, electricity consumption, CO₂ emissions and performance values of a vehicle. Due to the more realistic test conditions, fuel consumption and CO₂ emissions values will in many cases be higher in accordance with the WLTP than in accordance with the NEDC. There may have been corresponding changes to vehicle taxation since 1 September 2018 as a result of this. You can find further information on the differences between the WLTP and the NEDC at http://www.audi.co.uk/wltp. Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official, specific CO₂ emissions of new passenger car models can be found in the “Guide on the fuel economy, CO₂ emissions and power consumption of all new passenger car models”, available free of charge from all sales outlets and from DAT Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH, Hellmuth-Hirth-Str. 1, 73760 Ostfildern, Germany or at www.dat.de.