Home - Federation of American Scientists Issues Ecosystems & Entrepreneurship Nuclear Weapons Science Policy Social Innovation Technology & Innovation Publications Get involved Day One Project Talent Hub Fiscal Sponsorship Ways to engage About About us DEIB Staff Careers Contact Donate Search Issues Ecosystems & Entrepreneurship Nuclear Weapons Science Policy Social Innovation Technology & Innovation Publications Get involved Day One Project Talent Hub Fiscal Sponsorship Ways to engage About About us DEIB Staff Careers Contact Donate Search Striving for a safer world since 1945. FAS envisions a world where cutting-edge science, technology, ideas and talent are deployed to solve the biggest challenges of our time. We embed science, technology, innovation, and experience into government and public discourse in order to build a healthy, safe, prosperous and equitable society. Read more about us Featured Publication See all Nuclear Weapons Blog Construction Of New Nuclear Weapons Facility At Barksdale AFB Satellite images show that the Navy has begun construction of a new nuclear weapons storage and handling facility at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana. 02.20.24 | 3 min read read more Latest See all Technology & Innovation Blog Dr. Hannah Schlaerth, Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations, Clearing the Air with the Clean Energy Corps Despite the uphill battle the country is facing, Dr. Schlaerth feels optimistic about the future possibilities of industrial decarbonization. 02.27.24 | 5 min read read more Social Innovation day one project Policy Memo The Supply-Side Tax Credit: A National Incentive to Reduce the Cost of Affordable Housing A supply-side tax credit (STC) could offer a tax incentive to material suppliers and professional service consultants that provide goods or services to affordable housing projects. 02.23.24 | 4 min read read more Social Innovation day one project Policy Memo Develop a Housing Production Dashboard to Aid Policymaking and Research The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Department of Commerce, and Department of Transportation should jointly develop and manage a data resource—a Housing Production Dashboard—to track housing production within and across states. 02.23.24 | 3 min read read more Social Innovation day one project Policy Memo Exempt Affordable Housing from Private Activity Bond Volume Cap Exempting affordable housing from volume caps would address the underlying issue and have the greatest impact in this housing emergency. 02.23.24 | 7 min read read more issues Technology & Innovation We must begin to solve future challenges by providing insight to industry, bridging connections across sectors and pushing for government innovation at all levels. view issue Social Innovation American society is grappling with inequalities in education, housing, workforce development, and more, but a fair government can ensure everyone prospers while leaving nobody behind. view issue Science Policy We build connections between scientists and policymakers to serve the public good, across domains like environmental justice, the bioeconomy, and more. view issue Nuclear Weapons We provide the public with the best open-source information about the status, trends, and risks of global nuclear weapons arsenals. view issue Ecosystems & Entrepreneurship The federal government is making unprecedented investments into our nation’s innovation ecosystem, but these investments must be rooted in community needs and vision. view issue Changing Policy from a Noun to a Verb. We connect people with ideas to training in policy entrepreneurship, and give them access to the tools, mindsets, and networks that can shape ideas into reality through our Day One platform. Accelerators Memos Ideation campaigns Idea challenges VISIT THE DAY ONE PROJECT Talent Hub FAS Fellowships provide opportunities for impact across the science and technology policy community. read more Fiscal Sponsorship The FAS Fiscal Sponsorship Program seeks to support burgeoning entrepreneurs in science and technology policy. read more Careers SEE OPEN POSITIONS Join Team FAS We believe in embracing a growth oriented and entrepreneurial mindset to drive impact for our colleagues, our customers and the world. SEE OPEN POSITIONS Stay Informed Sign up for newsletter to receive the latest news and announcements CONTACT fas@fas.org CONNECT WITH US Twitter LinkedIn Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Federation of American Scientists © 2024 Designed by And–Now