Car Body Design - Car Design Resources, News and Tutorials About Advertising FAQ Contact Sign In Home (new server) Software 2D Tutorials 2D Software Tutorials Photoshop Tutorials SketchBook Pro Tutorials Painter Tutorials Traditional Media Tutorials 3D Tutorials 3D Tutorials by Software 3ds MAX Tutorials Autodesk Alias Tutorials Maya Tutorials Rhino 3D Tutorials MODO Design Tutorials ZBrush Design Tutorials 3D Tutorials by Topic Car Body 3D Modeling Car Wheels and Parts 3D Modeling Tutorials Industrial Design 3D Modeling Car 3D Rendering Publications Car Design Publications Design and Styling Computer Aided Styling Clay Modeling Car Aesthetics Interior Design Automotive Engineering Body and Chassis CAD-CAM-CAE 3D Modeling Digital Clay Virtual Reality Engineering Materials Composites Aluminum Alloys Steel Manufacturing Processes Image Gallery Featured Sketches SketchBoard Image Library Schools News Car Design News Automotive Design News Car Design Competitions New Designers Design Events Industrial Design News Bikes and Motorcycles Design Truck Design Yacht and Boat Design Cars Concept Cars Production Cars Tuning & Special Cars News Archives Design News Wall (NEW!) Monthly Archive Links Download Free 3D models Free Photoshop Bushes Free Design Software Download Jobs Sign In Advertising Contact About Software 2D Tut.orials 3D Tut.orials Pubs Images Schools News Links Download Jobs Car Design Software Free Design Software Free CAD Software 2D Software Tutorials Photoshop Tutorials SketchBook Pro Tutorials Painter Tutorials Traditional/Analogue Media Hand Drawing and Sketching Industrial Design Sketching Tutorials Car Drawing and Sketching Tutorials Car Illustration Tutorials Digital Media Digital Sketching Tutorials Digital Painting Tutorials Car Digital Painting Car Vector Illustration Tutorials Car Photo Retouching Tutorials From the Archive Speed render demo on SketchBook Pro by Bernie Walsh 3D Tutorials by Software 3ds MAX Tutorials Autodesk Alias Tutorials Maya Tutorials Rhino 3D Tutorials MODO Design Tutorials ZBrush Design Tutorials 3D Tutorials by Topic Car Body 3D Modeling Car Wheels and Parts 3D Modeling Tutorials Industrial Design 3D Modeling Car 3D Rendering From the Archive Fast 3D wheel design in ZBrush Car Design Publications Design and Styling Computer Aided Styling Clay Modeling Car Aesthetics Interior Design Automotive Engineering Body and Chassis CAD-CAM-CAE 3D Modeling Digital Clay Virtual Reality Engineering Materials Composites Aluminum Alloys Steel Manufacturing Processes From the Archive Speaking the Buick language: capturing, understanding, and exploring brand identity with shape grammars by Jay P McCormack, Jonathan Cagan, Craig M Vogel Featured Sketches SketchBoard Image Library Design Schools by Type Car Design Schools Graphic Design Schools Industrial Design Schools Interior Design Schools Online Design Schools Design Schools in the World Design Schools in US Design Schools in Europe Design Schools in Asia Design Schools in Oceania Car Design Schools A selection of well-known design schools from around the world that offer Courses in Transportation Design. Car Design News Automotive Design News Car Design Competitions New Designers Design Events Industrial Design News Bikes and Motorcycles Design Truck Design Yacht and Boat Design Cars Concept Cars Production Cars Tuning & Special Cars News Archives Design News Wall (NEW!) Monthly Archive Database Google Search Design EventsFerrari celebrates GTO 40th Anniversary with GTO Legacy Tour 20244 Mar 2024 - To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the iconic GTO, Ferrari has announced a series of events in the Italian Dolomites in early October 2024. Special CarsRolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail: Design Gallery4 Mar 2024 - Sketch Renders and photos from the design development process of the Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail one-off. Check the article here. Special CarsRolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail1 Mar 2024 - Rolls-Royce has revealed the Arcadia Droptail, an exclusive coachbuilt private commission inspired by the themes of tranquillity, modern tropical sky gardens and British... Concept CarsMercedes-Benz One-Eleven Concept: the design12 Feb 2024 - Inspired by the iconic C 111 experimental vehicles from the 1960s and 70s, the Mercedes-Benz Vision One-Eleven Concept combines a highly dynamic design language with innovative... Concept CarsHonda 0 Series: Saloon and Space-Hub Concepts6 Feb 2024 - Announced in January, the “Honda 0 Series,”is a new EV series that will be launched globally starting in 2026. The first two concept models, Saloon and Space-Hub, werre... Featured Review: New “3D Cars – Inside Out” Blender Course The new training course by CGMasters explains advanced SubD (subdivision surfaces) modeling techniques for creating car 3D models in Blender with high quality surfaces. How to learn Autodesk Alias The best resources for learning Autodesk Alias 3D software: the official documentation, free online tutorials, educational DVDs, books and online training. Modeling Cars in Polygons An in-depth, advanced 3D modeling guide for creating high quality 3D geometry and reflection for cars and products using polygonal modeling software. By former ILM and LucasArts CG artist Ali Ismail. All Featured Articles Design Tutorials Sketch-it! #52 Automotive rendering video demo In this time-lapse video Leandro Trovati shows how to render a sketch in Photoshop using vector shapes as masks. Car Design 101 – Proportions In this video designer Berk Kaplan shows how to draw a modern E segment sedan in Photoshop focusing on proportions. Professional Car Design: Sketching a Super Car ArtCenter Transportation Design instructor Leon Paz demonstrates how to sketch a super car using pencil and markers. Tutorial in two parts. Image Library Latest Updates go to the image library Latest News 2 Mar / Automotive Design IAAD announces Design Talk with Dave Amantea in partnership with Art Center For their newly formed academic partnership, IAAD. and ArtCenter College of Design have launched “9649 Design Talks”. The first event - open to the public - is a talk by Pininfarina Chief Design Office Davide Amantea. The talk takes place... 1 Mar / Automotive Design “GM’s Marvelous Motorama” at Petersen Automotive Museum celebrates Dream Cars from the 1950s The Petersen Automotive Museum will celebrate “Dream Cars” from the 1950s with the exhibit “GM's Marvelous Motorama: Dream Cars From the Joe Bortz Collection,” which will open on March 16, 2024. 29 Feb / Concept Cars Opel Experimental Concept – Design Gallery The offial sketches and renders of the 2023 Opel Experimental Concept, a study presented at the 2023 IAA Mobility in Munich. 27 Feb / Automotive Design Volkswagen ID.7 – Design Sketches The official design sketches of the Volkswagen ID.7, the E-segment all-eletric sedan launched in 2023. 26 Feb / Special Cars AGTZ Twin Tail by Zagato pays homage to the Alpine A220 Developed by the Italian coachbuilder in collaboration with La Squadra, the AGTZ Twin Tail is a limited production GT, featuring a removable long tail, that pays homage to the 1968 Alpine A220 Le Mans racer. 19 Feb / News Chrysler Halcyon Concept: Design Gallery The set of official sketches and renders for the Lalcyon Concept, revealed by Chrysler last week. 19 Feb / Automotive Design Massimo Frascella is the new Head of Audi Design Audi has appointed Massimo Frascella as new Head of Design., effective JUne 1st 2024. He will succeed Marc Lichte, who will take a new role within the group. 7 Feb / Automotive Design IAAD. atTRAACTION 15×30: Transportation Design Course – Early Bird 15% To all foreign students (living abroad) who dream of studying Transportation Design in Italy, IAAD. dedicates the promo atTRAACTION 15x30, which provides a 15% Early Bird discount on tuition fees. The promo is valid for the first 30 students who... 7 Feb / Production Cars Restyled Škoda Octavia: first sketches Škoda Auto has released a set of exterior sketches of the refreshed Octavia, featuring new headlights, redesigned bumpers, and an updated grille. The digital global premiere is set for 14 February. 6 Feb / Automotive Design Frank Stephenson Design partners with The Glasgow School of Art Frank Stephenson Design has announced a partnership with The Glasgow School of Art (GSA), involving students from the Product Design Engineering (PDE) programme. 9 Nov / Concept Cars Suzuki at the Japan Mobility Show 2023 At Japan Mobility Show 2023 Suzuki has presented a range of new vehicles and projects, including the eVX Concept, which anticipates the company's first global strategic EV. 6 Nov / Concept Cars Infiniti Fastback Vision Qe Concept The Infiniti Vision Qe Concept is a preview of the brand's first electric vehicle, a sleek sedan with a fastback style featuring an evolution of the brand's design language. 2 Nov / News Ferrari 499P Modificata Ferrari presented the 499P Modificata, a limited-series car for non-competitive track use, based on the 499P that won the Centenary edition of the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June. 31 Oct / Special Cars The Design of the Ferrari 499P Hypercar An official videos that documents the design and development process of the Ferrari 499P, the prototype built to compete in the FIA World Endurance Championship in the Le Mans Hypercar category. 18 May / Automotive Design Hyundai and Kia Renew Partnership with Royal College of Art Hyundai Motor Group (the Group) and the Royal College of Art (RCA) announced the renewal of their partnership with the RCA in support of the Hyundai-Kia Innovation Laboratory at the RCA’s Intelligent Mobility Design Centre (IMDC). 17 May / Concept Cars MG previews Cyberster all-electric roadster MG has revealed a pre-production design model of the Cyberster, an all-electric roadster created by the Advanced Design team led by Director Carl Gotham. 5 May / News Design the Dakar vehicle of the future and win an IAAD. Scholarship! IAAD. and IVECO GROUP invite you to design an vehicle with electric/hydrogen propulsion, to new era of the Dakar Rally. Up for grabs 6 scholarships for IAAD's Transportation Bachelor Degree Course. 23 Mar / Car Design Competitions SABIC CIRCUL-A-THON Challenge SABIC has launched CIRCUL-A-THON, a design challenge that asks designers to find solutions facing the future of circularity across different areas, including transportation design. UPDATE: The new deadline is April 10th, 2023. Read More News Newsletter Get all the updates with our weekly newsletter! Name: Email We respect your email privacy Find a Car SELECT A MAKE Abarth Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley Bertone BMW Bugatti Cadillac Caterham Chevrolet Chrysler Citroën Corvette Dacia Daihatsu De Tomaso Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford General Motors GMC Gumpert Holden Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Italdesign Jaguar Jeep Kia Koenigsegg KTM Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MG MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Opel Pagani Peugeot Pininfarina Porsche Renault Roewe Rolls-Royce Saab Scion Seat Skoda Smart Spyker SRT Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Tata Tesla Toyota TVR Volkswagen Volvo Zagato Design Directory Car Design Links Design Centers Car Design Books Blogs Communities And Forums Car Design Jobs Car Design Studios Design Centers Car Design Magazines Car Design Schools Car Design Services Software Car Designers Concept Cars Prototype Manufacturers more... Industrial Design Industrial Design Studios Industrial Design Sketching Design Software Car Design Software Graphic Design Software Free Design Software Digital Drawing And Painting Software CAD Software Engineering Software more... Design Schools Top Design Schools Design Schools in US Design Schools in Europe Design Schools in Asia Industrial Design Schools more... Free Downloads Free car 3D models Free Photoshop Brushes for Designers Latest Publications 10 Feb 2018 How to Select a Car Design School? by: Luciano Bove 24 Jul 2017 Inside Design with Ford’s Amko Leenarts by: James Davidson 25 Oct 2016 Hyundai-Kia design chief outlines car design philosophy – Interview by: Roger Stansfield 20 Oct 2016 Materials at the heart of the Paris Motor Show by: Anthony Salvi More Publications... Publications Car Design Design and Styling Aesthetics Clay Modeling Car Interior Design Computer Aided Styling (CAS) more... Engineering Materials Composites Aluminum Alloys Steel Nanocomposites Plastics more... Automotive Engineering Aerodynamics Auto Body Repair Automobile History Body and Chassis Vehicle Design more... Manufacturing Processes Casting Technologies Forming Technologies Joining Technologies Rapid Prototyping more... Free 3D Models 25 Jan 2011Audi RSQ Concept free 3D model5 Feb 2014McLaren MP412c Free 3D CAD model10 Jun 2013Lotus Hot Wheels Concept free 3D model Recent tutorials 16 Nov 2021 3/4 Front Perspective Car Drawing Tutorial by: Luciano Bove 9 Nov 2021 3D modeling pockets and bumps in Rhino3D by: Kyle Houchens 4 Feb 2020 Sketch Modeling a Car Exterior in Autodesk Alias AutoStudio by: HandleBar3D 22 Jul 2019 Mazda 3 Photoshop Render Demo by: dimens fifth 7 Mar 2019 How to sketch a car in side view by: Sangwon Seok 18 Dec 2018 Concept Car ZBrush 3D Modeling Tutorial by: Aaron Walker More Design Tutorials... Latest Updates Ferrari celebrates GTO 40th Anniversary with GTO Legacy Tour 2024 IAAD announces Design Talk with Dave Amantea in partnership with Art Center Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail “GM’s Marvelous Motorama” at Petersen Automotive Museum celebrates Dream Cars from the 1950s Opel Experimental Concept – Design Gallery Info About Advertising Contacts Newsletter RSS Feeds © 2004-2024 VAT IT 07892041000 FAQ Privacy Policy (GDPR) Scroll To Top Scroll To Bottom