University of California San Diego Skip to the main content Blink A-Z Site Index Search UC San Diego Search Faculty/Staff Give Toggle navigation Search UC San Diego Search Faculty/Staff About Visiting & Tours News Jobs @ UC San Diego Office of the Chancellor UC San Diego Health Economic Impact Report Academics TritonLink Undergraduate Degrees & Programs Graduate Degrees & Programs Colleges Student Academic Success Digital Learning Extended Studies Library Admissions and Aid First-Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions School of Medicine Skaggs School of Pharmacy Financial Aid Student Parent Resources Research and Innovation Research Initiatives Artificial Intelligence Climate Change Student Opportunities Student Life Organizations Diversity Events Student Support Study Abroad Career & Internship Athletics Support UC San Diego Alumni Giving Foundation Blink A-Z Site Index About Visiting & Tours News Jobs @ UC San Diego Office of the Chancellor UC San Diego Health Economic Impact Report Academics TritonLink Undergraduate Degrees & Programs Graduate Degrees & Programs Colleges Student Academic Success Digital Learning Extended Studies Library Admissions and Aid First-Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions School of Medicine Skaggs School of Pharmacy Financial Aid Student Parent Resources Research and Innovation Research Initiatives Artificial Intelligence Climate Change Student Opportunities Student Life Organizations Diversity Events Student Support Study Abroad Career & Internship Athletics Support UC San Diego Alumni Giving Foundation Advancement UC San Diego Celebrates Women’s History Month UC San Diego Celebrates Women’s History Month at Triton Leaders Conference The campus community is invited to participate in UC San Diego's Women’s History Month Celebration throughout March. The annual celebration—which is centered around the theme "Women Who Advocate for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion”—features a range of programs focused on the many contributions of women in history, culture and society. Explore the full event calendar online, including activities such as a resource fair, live music, an open mic night and more. VISIT THE EVENT CALENDAR Students Offer Preventative Health Screenings at Neighborhood Barber Shops A group of UC San Diego School of Medicine students have forged relationships with local barbershops, where they conduct free health screenings and share information related to high blood pressure causes and prevention, cardiovascular disease and making healthy choices. Read the story Events March 6 Climate Conversations March 13 Seventh College SYNposium 2024 March 14 7th Annual Fulbright Day View More Events News View More News February 29, 2024 Student National Medical Association: Empowering Diversity in Medicine February 29, 2024 Electrical Engineering Transfer Student Awarded Fellowship for Women in Aerospace February 27, 2024 Love Your Wetlands Day 2024 ACADEMICS We merge disciplines and surpass expectations, empowering students to think creatively across boundaries, resulting in unimagined discoveries. Learn More 10 One of the top 10 public universities in the nation for over a decade. Featured in: U.S. News & World Report #3 Among the top public universities in the nation. Featured in: Forbes #7 In research spending by total R&D expenditures. Featured in: National Science Foundation #7 Among all institutions across the globe of highly cited researchers. We merge disciplines and surpass expectations, empowering students to think creatively across. Featured in: Clarivate ATTEND UC SAN DIEGO Your journey is unique—whether as a first-generation student, a community college transfer, an international scholar or student veteran—and we are dedicated to your success. Dive deep into our vibrant learning community taught by award-winning faculty with an ocean backdrop. Learn More UNDERGRADUATE UC San Diego first-year and transfer students come from all over California and throughout the world—ready for challenge and discovery FIRST-YEAR ADMISSIONS TRANSFER ADMISSIONS GRADUATE AND PROFESSIONAL Work alongside world-class experts—and become one. Join our thriving community of graduate and professional scholars. GRADUATE AND PROFESSIONAL ADMISSIONS MEDICAL AND PHARMACY Invent the future of care through the education and research opportunities offered through UC San Diego’s School of Medicine and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE SKAGGS SCHOOL OF PHARMACY WERTHEIM SCHOOL OF PUBLIC HEALTH LIFELONG LEARNING Looking to prepare for college, advance your career with certificate and degree-related programs, or just seeking to enrich your personal growth? We offer a range of courses and programs to help you meet your goals. More info Research and Innovation As a billion-dollar research enterprise situated in the heart of one of the most densely concentrated innovation hubs in the nation, UC San Diego is a unique place where fresh ideas are translated into solutions to benefit society—from climate science and the human microbiome to nanotechnology and social mobility. More about Research Shooting for the Stars In a series of successful launches, most recently aboard the Axiom 3, researchers affiliated with the UC San Diego Sanford Stem Cell Institute have sent various types of stem cells to space aboard the International Space Station, where the unique microgravity environment offers an unparalleled view into the molecular mechanisms of cancer and aging. Learn about the research FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOLARSHIPS Whether you’re a first-year, transfer, or graduate student, the UC system has one of the most generous and progressive financial aid programs in the nation. College is within your reach. Learn More Our Thriving Student Life There are plenty of ways to find community and have fun on campus. Watch a show at one of UC San Diego’s performance venues, participate in fitness classes, join a student organization and more. Learn More Get an inside look at UC San Diego—from anywhere in the world. Virtual Tour 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-2230 9500 Gilman Drive La Jolla, CA 92093-0021 (858) 534-2230 Useful Links and Resources Resources Accreditation A to Z Site Index Blink Contact Disability Resources Emergency Status Community Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Principles of Community Jobs @ UC San Diego Social Media Links Give to UC San Diego Give Divisions and Schools + Arts and Humanities Biological Sciences Division of Extended Studies Division of Graduate Education and Postdoctoral Affairs Division of Undergraduate Education Halıcıoğlu Data Science Institute Jacobs School of Engineering Physical Sciences Rady School of Management School of Global Policy & Strategy School of Medicine Scripps Institution of Oceanography Skaggs School of Pharmacy Social Sciences Wertheim School of Public Health © Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. | Accessibility | Privacy | Terms of Use