Homepage - UN Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) Jump to Stories About Us UNCDF and the SDGs UNCDF by the Numbers News and Media Resources Videos Stay Connected Top Prev Next 2022 Annual Report Realizing the Doha Programme of Action The path towards the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals runs through the achievement of the Doha Programme of Action Learn More 2022 Annual Report Realizing the Doha Programme of Action The path towards the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals runs through the achievement of the Doha Programme of Action Learn More 2022 Annual Report Realizing the Doha Programme of Action The path towards the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals runs through the achievement of the Doha Programme of Action Learn More Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! STORIES About UNCDF The UN Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) is the United Nations' flagship catalytic financing entity for the world’s 46 Least Developed Countries (LDCs). With its unique capital mandate and focus on the LDCs, UNCDF works to invest and catalyse capital to support these countries in achieving ​the sustainable growth and inclusiveness envisioned by the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the Doha Programme of Action for the least developed countries, 2022–2031. Who We Are What We Do Executive Board Where We Work Our Team Our Partners Featured Financing Locally-Led Adaptation The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. Read More Featured Inclusive Digital Economies Equip people with innovative digital services in their daily lives that will empower them and contribute to achieving the SDGs. Learn More Featured Local Transformative Finance Addressing the lack of productive, service-oriented infrastructure in urban and rural areas is a key obstacle to local development. Learn More Featured Women's Economic Empowerment Creating equal economies, where every woman has equal access, equal agency and equal leadership within her community. Learn More Featured LDC5: From Potential to Prosperity — A new global partnership to support the 46 LDCs A once-in-a-decade opportunity to accelerate sustainable development in the LDCs, helping them make progress on the road to prosperity. Learn More Featured Financing Locally-Led Adaptation The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. Read More Featured Inclusive Digital Economies Equip people with innovative digital services in their daily lives that will empower them and contribute to achieving the SDGs. Learn More Featured Local Transformative Finance Addressing the lack of productive, service-oriented infrastructure in urban and rural areas is a key obstacle to local development. Learn More Featured Women's Economic Empowerment Creating equal economies, where every woman has equal access, equal agency and equal leadership within her community. Learn More Featured LDC5: From Potential to Prosperity — A new global partnership to support the 46 LDCs A once-in-a-decade opportunity to accelerate sustainable development in the LDCs, helping them make progress on the road to prosperity. Learn More Featured Financing Locally-Led Adaptation The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. Read More Featured Inclusive Digital Economies Equip people with innovative digital services in their daily lives that will empower them and contribute to achieving the SDGs. Learn More Featured Local Transformative Finance Addressing the lack of productive, service-oriented infrastructure in urban and rural areas is a key obstacle to local development. Learn More Featured Women's Economic Empowerment Creating equal economies, where every woman has equal access, equal agency and equal leadership within her community. Learn More Featured LDC5: From Potential to Prosperity — A new global partnership to support the 46 LDCs A once-in-a-decade opportunity to accelerate sustainable development in the LDCs, helping them make progress on the road to prosperity. Learn More Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! Featured 2023 SDG Summit The 2023 SDG Summit will take place on 18-19 September 2023 in New York. It will mark the beginning of a new phase of accelerated progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals with high-level political guidance on transformative and accelerated actions leading up to 2030. Learn More Featured Financing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development On 20 September 2023, the General Assembly will convene its second High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development since the adoption of the Addis Ababa Action Agenda. Learn More Featured 2023 SDG Summit The 2023 SDG Summit will take place on 18-19 September 2023 in New York. It will mark the beginning of a new phase of accelerated progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals with high-level political guidance on transformative and accelerated actions leading up to 2030. Learn More Featured Financing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development On 20 September 2023, the General Assembly will convene its second High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development since the adoption of the Addis Ababa Action Agenda. Learn More Featured 2023 SDG Summit The 2023 SDG Summit will take place on 18-19 September 2023 in New York. It will mark the beginning of a new phase of accelerated progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals with high-level political guidance on transformative and accelerated actions leading up to 2030. Learn More Featured Financing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development On 20 September 2023, the General Assembly will convene its second High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development since the adoption of the Addis Ababa Action Agenda. Learn More Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! Sustainable Development Goals The UNCDF vision is that LDCs are able to access and leverage the development impact of capital to enable sustainable and inclusive economic growth and achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. SDGs and Local Transformative Finance SDGs and Inclusive Digital Economies UNCDF and the International Agenda Five Priority Areas The work of UNCDF is based on its development expertise across five priority areas, including the well-established flagship areas of inclusive digital economies and local transformative finance, as well as the emerging areas of women's economic empowerment, climate, energy, and biodiversity financing, and sustainable food systems financing. Inclusive Digital Economies Local Transformative Finance Women’s Economic Empowerment Climate, Energy and Biodiversity Finance Sustainable Food Systems Finance UNCDF by the Numbers 329 financial products and services were piloted with support from UNCDF 390 localized strategic investments in local development finance 588 local governments supported in 42 countries +3M Benefitted From Financial/Digital Solutions In 35 Countries Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! 30 loans & guarantees in 9 countries $89M in direct financing unlocked by $37M in grants 14 financial inclusion strategies supported $18M in climate-resilient infrastructure Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! Read More News and Media Speeches and Statements READ MORE Blogs READ MORE Videos and Interviews READ MORE All News Podcasts LinkedIn United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) ⏺️ We have a Procurement Notice! ➡️ It's for the drilling and equipment of six boreholes for six municipal schools and the building of peripheral structures. 🇸🇱 Freetown, Sierra Leone. ✏️ More info: https://lnkd.in/d9RK5ySa Read more LinkedIn This link will take you to a page that’s not on LinkedIn lnkd.in 0 Share United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) 🍳 Making a significant global environmental impact involves reducing excess fuel burning. 🇹🇿 Our sustainable development finance expertise in Tanzania drives affordable alternative cooking solutions, supporting this mission. #AnziaJikoni ➡️ Learn more: https://lnkd.in/d_ZjJd8k Read more 2 Share United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) 🇸🇪 #Sweden in 2022 was our largest single-government donor, as well as our largest donor of core resources. ➡️ On the occasion of the UN General Assembly and the SDG Summit, we sincerely thank the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) and the entire Swedish population for their commitment to the #LDCs. 🇺🇳 Tack! #UNGA #UNGAxUNCDF #SDGs #SDGSummit Sida Regeringskansliet, Utrikesdepartementet Read more 4 Share United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) ➡️ #UNGAxUNCDF: 2022 represented a record year for the United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) in terms of delivery of resources mobilized. UNCDF would not be able to achieve its mission and vision without the support of our donors. We thank all donors of UNCDF—core and non-core donors—who provided resources in 2022 to deliver a fair globalization that leaves no one behind. 🟥 More: https://lnkd.in/dKnRPhgv Read more 0 Share Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! Videos Welcome to the UNCDF 2022 Annual Report, focusing on realizing the Doha Programme of Action (DPoA), in order to demonstrate the power of Impact Capital for Development. This year, UNCDF worked tirelessly to achieve its vision and mission, making a historic response to a challenging year for development finance. It has made significant contributions through its expertise, tools and efforts in the areas of Inclusive Digital Economies, Local Transformative Finance and Financial Innovation. UN Capital Development Fund 1 day ago 0 0 Share CCA and UNCDF under the Global Partnership to Accelerate Finance for Clean Cooking launched the Digital Innovations Challenge boot camp that was held in Nairobi Kenya on 19th to 21st June. The bootcamp hosted 10 selected companies that went through a mentorship programme that led to a selection of 4 winners. During this webinar, we share the process of the digital innovation challenge. A brief overview of the projects of the bootcamp participants; highlighting the innovation spectrum and opportunities. The winners of the bootcamp also share their respective innovative solutions and potential for partnership. © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund August 14 0 0 Share © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund September 4 1 0 Share [This webinar recording is from 18 July 2023] Zambia's digital finance sector has grown in the last five years: there are more digital finance providers, there are more products and services and higher activity rates. But what does the fintech space look like? How many fintech businesses are operational in Zambia? What does investment in the fintech sector look like? All these questions are answered in the Zambia Fintech Landscape Assessment 2023, launched on 18 July 2023. © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund August 2 2 1 Share UNCDF’s Inclusive Digital Economies (IDE) strategy for 2022 – 2025 envisions an inclusive, middle income, green and digital economy in Rwanda that leaves no one behind by leveraging digital and innovative financing solutions for women, youth, and smallholder farmers’ economic empowerment. © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund August 30 1 0 Share [This is a webinar recording from 27 July 2023.] The gender gap in the adoption of fintech and digital remittances is significant. Recent research by UNCDF indicates that six (6) out of 10 remittance recipients are women, however, only four (4) out of 10 recipients registered to use digital remittances constitute women. Women often rely on more expensive, less secure, and sometimes slower cash-based methods of remittances, citing concerns about safety and distrust of digital options. This has a significant and long-term impact on the financial health of women remittance customers and their families, which also dampens the development potential of global remittance flows. As part of UNCDF’s Gender Collaborative for Remittances (Gender Colab series), this webinar explored different and complementary approaches to catalyzing innovation in gender-smart remittances. Speakers from UNCDF, Roots of Impact, and Women's World Banking presented from their areas of work and discussed powerful enabling factors that support innovation in meeting the needs of women remittance customers. #migrantmoney© UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund August 1 6 0 Share *This is a webinar recording from 18 July 2023. UNCDF and Shega held a webinar that delved into the power of technology and innovative solutions for liquidity challenges in agent network management. The webinar explored the challenges, opportunities, and best practices in agent network management. Our distinguished speakers and industry experts, Hugo Pacheco, Sam Brawerman-Kuunda, Tafesework Negussie, and Mike McCaffrey, shared valuable insights from successful case studies and strategies that promote economic growth and reduce poverty. During the open forum, participants and our resource persons discussed different use cases. They explored the most effective and practical ways of incorporating technology and innovative solutions that address agents' working capital challenges. Watch the recorded webinar now if you missed out on this informative session. © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 26 0 0 Share Statement by David Jackson @LDC5 in Doha during plenary session on 8th March 2023 LoCAL, Financing Locally Led Adaptation: The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. The UN Capital Development Fund designed the Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility over ten years ago to channel finance to local government authorities and their communities to cover the additional costs of mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, thereby averting or minimising potential loss and damage. Today, LoCAL is a country-owned mechanism and international standard (ISO 14093:2022) being implemented, or designed for implementation, in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Pacific. For more information: www.uncdf.org/local © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 13 0 0 Share A video describing Sedish support to climate change adaptation in Mozambique. LoCAL, Financing Locally Led Adaptation: The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. The UN Capital Development Fund designed the Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility over ten years ago to channel finance to local government authorities and their communities to cover the additional costs of mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, thereby averting or minimising potential loss and damage. Today, LoCAL is a country-owned mechanism and international standard (ISO 14093:2022) being implemented, or designed for implementation, in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Pacific. For more information: www.uncdf.org/local © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 13 0 0 Share A short clip made about the UNCDF LoCAL Facility for the LDC5 conference in Doha Qatar. LoCAL, Financing Locally Led Adaptation: The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. The UN Capital Development Fund designed the Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility over ten years ago to channel finance to local government authorities and their communities to cover the additional costs of mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, thereby averting or minimising potential loss and damage. Today, LoCAL is a country-owned mechanism and international standard (ISO 14093:2022) being implemented, or designed for implementation, in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Pacific. For more information: www.uncdf.org/local © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 13 0 0 Share A video introducing the Swedish Fund in Mozambique 2023 LoCAL, Financing Locally Led Adaptation: The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. The UN Capital Development Fund designed the Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility over ten years ago to channel finance to local government authorities and their communities to cover the additional costs of mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, thereby averting or minimising potential loss and damage. Today, LoCAL is a country-owned mechanism and international standard (ISO 14093:2022) being implemented, or designed for implementation, in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Pacific. For more information: www.uncdf.org/local © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 13 0 0 Share This interview was recorded in Thimphu and features His Excellency Sonam P. Wangdi, the Secretary of Bhutan's National Environment Commission and Former LDC Chair. LoCAL, Financing Locally Led Adaptation: The impact of climate change is acutely experienced at the local level – where we work, go to school and live our lives. In the world’s most climate-vulnerable nations, adaptation is critical and all too often, under-resourced. The UN Capital Development Fund designed the Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility over ten years ago to channel finance to local government authorities and their communities to cover the additional costs of mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, thereby averting or minimising potential loss and damage. Today, LoCAL is a country-owned mechanism and international standard (ISO 14093:2022) being implemented, or designed for implementation, in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Pacific. For more information: www.uncdf.org/local © UN Capital Development Fund 2023. All rights reserved. United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) image, audio and video files may be used to further the aims and work of the organization. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the organization's mission. The audiovisual files cannot be altered, sold or redistributed. Any use of this footage must be authorized by UNCDF and a license agreement must be signed between UNCDF and the requesting entity. Depending on the use of the contents, licensing fees may apply. UN Capital Development Fund July 13 0 0 Share Panel only seen by widget owner Edit widget Views 0% Extend Limit Share 🔥 Tell your customers about new website functionality! Tender and Funding Opportunities To make it easier for you to stay up with the most recent Tenders and Funding Opportunities, as well as Frequently Asked Questions at UNCDF, we have produced the following helpful resources: Calls for tenders Access to our online calls for tenders providing a rapid lifeline for local businesses and local governments, enabling us to support the SMEs and public partners at the local level. Learn more Plug and Play e-grants Our ability to assist SMEs and public partners at the regional level is made possible through the availability of our Plug and Play e-grants platform, which provides a swift lifeline for local enterprises and local governments. Learn more Report fraud, abuse and misconduct In order to strengthen UNCDF's accountability framework and to provide opportunities for bringing to light any misconduct, wrongdoing by any individuals working for or doing business with us, UNCDF has established an Investigations Hotline to ensure that persons wishing to report fraud may do so using the link below. Learn more Stay Connected Get the latest news, resources and insights delivered directly to your inbox Sign up to our newsletter Connect with our networks