Element | Secure collaboration and messaging Product The Element App Element Server Suite The Matrix Standard Features Integrations Hosting Solutions Sectors Use cases Customers Matrix in Germany Resources Blog User guide Help Labs Contact Sales Pricing Download Sign In Open Element web Admin dashboard Get started Get started Product The Element App Element Server Suite The Matrix Standard Features Integrations Hosting Solutions Sectors Use cases Customers Matrix in Germany Pricing Resources Blog User guide Help Labs Contact Sales Sign In Open Element web Admin dashboard Download About Careers Be in your element. A secure communications platform built around you. Get started Secure and compliant. Protect and strengthen business critical communications. Control your data. Open source and flexible hosting to enable data sovereignty. Connect with partners. Trusted communication in real-time across organizations. A new sense of security Giving you the freedom to communicate on your own terms. Our mission Trust. Communicate and collaborate with people and organizations you trust. Choice. Choose how you host, share and manage your data. Freedom. Freedom to structure discussion spaces and customize chat rooms. Trusted by secure organizations Your conversations. Collaborate with confidence. Learn more In real time, all the time. Instant messaging, voice/video calls, location sharing, voting polls and much more... Boost collaboration. Share live data through widgets and integrations to supercharge your productivity. Secure by default. Our technology protects your data while you focus on getting your work done. Your setup. Customize without limits. Learn more Admin console. Provides a streamlined way to manage your network configurations and permissions. Identity management. ID management and access control using SSO and ACLs. Bridges. Connect to internal and external partners based on siloed communication apps. Your data. Communicate with control. Learn more Complete independence. Own and control your entire communication platform. Powerful federation. Configure networks to suit organizational requirements. Reduce risks. Strengthen cybersecurity and business continuity plans. Built on Matrix. Element is led by the creators of Matrix, the decentralized open standard for secure and sovereign real time communication. Matrix.org New study The Future of Secure Communications. A commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting. Find out what matters to global leaders with authority over their organization’s communication technology decisions. Download the study to get insights from Forrester into the importance of securing real time communications. Download study Be in your element. A secure communications platform built around you. Get started Product The Element App Element Server Suite The Matrix Standard Features Integrations Hosting Pricing Solutions Sectors Use cases Customers Communities Personal Matrix in Germany Resources Blog Help About User guide Open source Careers Labs Contact us Service status Security disclosure policy Get Started Open Element Web Download Contact Sales Admin Dashboard Copyright © 2024 Element • Legal • Privacy All Rights Reserved. The Element name, logo and device are registered trade marks of New Vector Ltd