Xubuntu Download Support Contact Get Xubuntu Download System Requirements About Take the Feature Tour About Xubuntu Releases Screenshots In the Press Help & Support Getting Support IRC support The Community Contact Us Brand Resources Products Donate Development Get Involved Developer Area For Derivatives For Mirrors The Blog The Team Blog News Articles Xubuntu is a community developed operating system that combines elegance and ease of use. Xubuntu is an elegant and easy to use operating system. Xubuntu comes with Xfce, which is a stable, light and configurable desktop environment. Xubuntu is perfect for those who want the most out of their desktops, laptops and netbooks with a modern look and enough features for efficient, daily usage. It works well on older hardware too. Download Take the Feature Tour Xubuntu 23.10Xubuntu 23.10 "Mantic Minotaur" was released in October 2023. This stable interim release is supported until July 2024. DownloadRelease pageOfficial Xubuntu productsXubuntu products from stickers to clothing are available to order worldwide from our officially endorsed vendors. Get yours now! See all products New! Women's t-shirts Xubuntu 21.04 Testing WeekWe’re delighted to announce that we’re participating in another ‘Ubuntu Testing Week’ from April 1st to April 7th with other flavours in the Ubuntu family. On April 1st, the beta version of Xubuntu 21.04 ‘Hirsute Hippo’ will be released after halting all new changes to its features, user interface and documentation. Between April 1st and […]Read moreXubuntu is now on GitHub!On Tuesday, May 18th, the Xubuntu Team voted to migrate some of our infrastructure away from Launchpad to GitHub for code hosting, while translations are now on Transifex. Here’s a summary of the changes: We have a new GitHub organization, under the Xubuntu name. Each subteam has an equivalent in the new organization. All codebases […]Read moreThe Team BlogFind more articles about all things related to Xubuntu and its development in the team blog! The Team Blog Social media @Xubuntu on Twitter Xubuntu Users on Facebook @Xubuntu@floss.social on Mastodon Get Xubuntu Download System Requirements About Take the Feature Tour About Xubuntu Releases Screenshots In the Press Help & Support Getting Support IRC support The Community Contact Us Brand Resources Products Donate Development Get Involved Developer Area For Derivatives For Mirrors The Blog The Team Blog News Articles © 2012– The Xubuntu team. Xubuntu and Canonical are registered trademarks of Canonical Ltd. The theme is designed and built by Pasi Lallinaho and inspired by the Ubuntu website.