World Literature Today Skip to main content Donate Main menu Magazine Current Issue Book Reviews Previous Issues Submission Guidelines Authors Index Translator Index WLT Weekly Subscribe Subscription Options Subscriber Services Get a Free 30-Day Trial Programs Neustadt Prize NSK Neustadt Prize OU Student Opportunities Puterbaugh Festival WLT Translation Prize About Accolades Awards & Prizes Contact History Masthead Mission Staff WLT’s 95th Anniversary Professional Opportunities Donate Essays Dancing at the Foot of a Volcano: Bad Governance, Corruption, and Ecological Disaster in Lebanon Charif Majdalani Interviews 8 Questions for Bora Chung Michelle Johnson Creative Nonfiction If Willarena Were an Artist Erica N. Cardwell Current Issue March 2024 With a cover illustration by Edel Rodriguez, “Writing the Polycrisis” headlines the March/April 2024 issue of World Literature Today, showcasing contributions by nine writers, mainly from the Global South. Additional highlights include interviews, creative nonfiction, booklists, essays, and more! Plus a book review section brimming with the latest must-reads also enliven the issue, making it your latest passport to the best new reading from around the world. Buy Issue Subscribe WLT Weekly February 28, 2024 Poetry Two Poems from Oklahoma Quinn Carver Johnson “I hope someday we find these fossils / for real, uncover the cracked concrete / of crumbled capitalism buried deep / under layers of sediment and time,” from “Dinosaurs,” by Quinn Carver Johnson February 22, 2024 Interviews The Many Worlds of Anna May Wong: A Conversation with Katie Gee Salisbury Susan Blumberg-Kason Katie Gee Salisbury first came across Anna May Wong when she was doing a college internship and found an old black-and-white photo of the starlet from almost a century earlier. This image would forever stay in Salisbury’s mind and Most Read Content A Bilingual Poem from Gaza 75 Notable Translations 2023 The Psychology of Totalitarianism by Mattias Desmet E-NEWSLETTER Join the mailing list News & Events Blog Category (field_blog_category) December 12, 2023 Announcing WLT’s 2023 Pushcart Prize Nominees October 24, 2023 Ananda Devi Wins the 2024 Neustadt Prize September 06, 2023 World Literature Today Announces 2023 Neustadt Festival Poster Design Contest Winners Feature Section The Wayward Children of Asase Yaa by Cheryl S. Ntumy The offspring’s appetites know no end. What’s a mother, any mother—even that mother who nurtures us all—to do? The Air Has Changed by Rina Garcia Chua “Grief sits in the bottom of my lungs — / maybe I cradle it there so I can breathe / every spore, every whiff of a slivering / land and an unfurling chest — / so I can say I have lived through the worst / of the fires,” from “The Air Has Changed,” by Rina Garcia Chua From Climate Crisis to Polycrisis by Richard Heinberg Climate change, resource depletion, extreme weapons, AI, and more: Richard Heinberg looks at the individual threats composing the unprecedented convergence of risk leading us to a global polycrisis. Featured Book Reviews An Unruled Body Ani Gjika Take Me to Stavanger Anzhelina Polonskaya. Trans. Andrew Wachtel Motherland: A Memoir Paula Ramón. Trans. Julia Sanches & Jennifer Shuye Zero at the Bone: Fifty Entries against Despair Christian Wiman You Dreamed of Empires Álvaro Enrigue. Trans. Natasha Wimmer The Extinction of Irena Rey Jennifer Croft Poetry 3 Ecopoems from the Southern Cone by Valeria Mussio, Ana Gayoso, Mario Castells “River, sea, blood, / heart-mind to take care of. / Wind, oxygen, sustenance. / Come on brother, wake up,” from “Archaic,” by Ana Gayoso (trans. by Whitney DeVos) Dead Horse Bay by Santiago Acosta “n the free circulation of commodities, there is no center or edge. We are all part of the same untraceable sludge,” from “Dead Horse Bay,” by Santiago Acosta (trans. by Tiffany Troy & The Women in Translation Project) Three Poems from Israel by Susan Afterman “A person should fold up his world / put his head between his legs / and so observe his existence / say things of worth things that foresee the future / by becoming round / by lowering his head uniting the edges,” from a poem by Susan Afterman (trans. by Linda Stern Zisquit) Fiction & Creative Nonfiction A New Dawn by Vuyokazi Ngemntu It’s 2050, and five African nations have surrendered their sovereignty to form a new nation. Alande Mukumbi, the new president of Embo, is determined to prove the naysayers wrong. They Flew by Night by Mirja Lanz “The ice thickened and awoke with a snap. It stretched, shivered, and strengthened again. Each day it grew deeper and, for a short while, reflected the shine of the distant sun back into the sky,” from “They Flew by Night,” by Mirja Lanz (trans. by Catherine Venner) Ruins by Lauren K. Watel “Ruins give us this beautiful idea,” writes the author, “that you could make something, something wonderful and strange, as pleasing as you could, imbuing it with something of yourself.” Yet even the self, subject to time, must evanesce. Essays Queen of Justice: A Portrait of Sandra Day O’Connor by Yousef Khanfar Photographer Yousef Khanfar recalls his time with Justice Sandra Day O’Connor in this tribute to the first female justice of the United States Supreme Court. The West’s “Other” World Novel by Will H. Corral Even though the Latin American novel was never the West’s “Other,” the new Handbook published by Oxford University Press does a marvelous job of producing a sorely needed remapping of the continent’s contributions to the genre. History Looms Large over the Gaelic Athletic Association by Damjana Mraović-O’Hare What are the three ancient Irish sports and how have they played a role in Irish history? Find out this and more in Mraović-O’Hare’s short essay. Interviews 6 Questions for Patrícia Melo by Michelle Johnson Five Questions for (and five answers from) Brazilian crime-writer Patrícia Melo, whose new novel, The Simple Art of Killing a Woman, takes on femicide in Brazil, a justice system plagued by inequities, and even deforestation in the Amazon. A Conversation with Tsotsil Filmmaker María Sojob by Carol Rose Little An interview with María Sojob, a Tsotsil filmmaker, who visited the University of Oklahoma in November 2023 as part of the Mayan Film Festival. 6 Questions for Silvia Moreno-Garcia by Michelle Johnson A mini-interview with Silvia Moreno-Garcia, author of Certain Dark Things, a vampire tale set in Mexico City. Previous Issues January 2024 November 2023 September 2023 July 2023 View more back issues on our website, or visit JSTOR for archival issues dating back to 1927. E-NEWSLETTER Join the mailing list Follow Us REVIEW WLT Tell us what you think about the current issue or about the website by filling out our form. Subscribe Subscribe Or donate! World Literature Today 630 Parrington Oval, Suite 110 Norman, OK 73019-4037 405-325-4531 Donate Subscribe Subscriber Services Contact Advertise Media Kit Accessibility Sustainability HIPAA OU Job Search Policies Legal Notices Copyright Resources & Offices Updated by World Literature Today: [email protected]