Chargers Home | Los Angeles Chargers - chargers.com Skip to main content Open menu button Primary nav TEAM SCHEDULE NEWS VIDEO PHOTOS PODCASTS SOFI STADIUM PURO CHARGERS COMMUNITY GAMING STUDIO APP PROMOTIONS & CONTESTS PRACTICE FACILITY CRENSHAW SKATE CLUB WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH TICKETS SHOP Search Action related nav TICKETS ACCOUNT MANAGER PRO SHOP WATCH LIVE NFL GAMES Advertising Chargers Home | Los Angeles Chargers - chargers.com A Conversation With: Chargers Defensive Coordinator Jesse Minter Chargers.com chatted with the Bolts new defensive coordinator to get his thoughts on joining the Bolts and early expectations for the Chargers 2024 defense What WR Prospect Malik Nabers Said at the Combine "When I get the ball in my hands, I’m able to do tremendous things with it." Chargers Celebrate Black History Month with the Compton Cowboys In honor of Black History Month, the LA Chargers are recognizing members of the Los Angeles community who are making an impact. Randy Savvy is the co-founder of the Compton Cowboys, a group with the goal of community development from a cowboy's perspective. Their mission is to serve as a positive influence and outlet for Black Angelenos, especially youth, through caring for and riding horses and to educate their community on the history of Black cowboys. Watch as NFL pro linebacker Eric Kendricks joins Savvy at the Compton Cowboys' ranch in LA, learns how to care for a horse, and rides a horse for the first time. Why Brock Bowers is the Top Tight End in 2024 Draft Class “I just want to go to a place I’m wanted and be used and hopefully have a good rookie season." News Watch Photos Chargers Free Agency 101 Which Prospects Stood Out at the 2024 NFL Combine? A Conversation With: Chargers Defensive Coordinator Jesse Minter Chargers 2024 Free Agency Tracker Chargers Day 5 Combine Recap: Top WR Prospect Odunze Works Out Saturday at Combine Chargers Day 4 Combine Recap: Defensive Backs Highlight Busy Friday in Indy What WR Prospect Malik Nabers Said at the Combine Dicker, Bolts Surprise Inaugural International Fan of the Year Guilty As Charged: 2024 Combine Recap and Mock Draft Chargers Weekly From Indy: ESPN's Matt Miller and The Film Room's Brett Kollmann Chargers Celebrate Black History Month with the Compton Cowboys Chargers Weekly From Indy: The Athletic's Nate Tice, ESPN's Mina Kimes Camera On: Jesse Minter on Joining Chargers Guilty As Charged: Breaking Down Potential Free Agency Moves Chargers Weekly From Indy: All Things Draft and Free Agency With ESPN's Jeremy Fowler, Fox Sports' Bruce Feldman and NFL.com's Lance Zierlein Chargers Weekly From Indy: PFF's Sam Monson and ESPN Jordan Reid on Potential Fits For Bolts in 2024 Draft Chargers Impact Fund Celebrates Read Across America Day Chargers Host Snoop & Housh Flag Football League Kickoff Camp Chargers visit Paws for Life K9 Rescue Prison Program Operated at California State Prison – Los Angeles County in Lancaster Bolt Academy Scholars Visit Grammy Museum Top Shots 2023: Best Touchdown Celebrations Chargers Impact Fund Hosts Bolts Book Club in Celebration of Black History Month Top Shots 2023: Best of the Bolt Fam Top Shots 2023: Best of Tuli Tuipulotu Advertising Chargers Weekly Up Next Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly From Indy: ESPN's Matt Miller and The Film Room's Brett Kollmann Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly From Indy: The Athletic's Nate Tice, ESPN's Mina Kimes Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly From Indy: All Things Draft and Free Agency With ESPN's Jeremy Fowler, Fox Sports' Bruce Feldman and NFL.com's Lance Zierlein Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly From Indy: PFF's Sam Monson and ESPN Jordan Reid on Potential Fits For Bolts in 2024 Draft Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Fan Q&A With NFL Combine on Deck Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Coaching Staff Updates, Draft Scenarios and Super Bowl Recap Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: An Interview With New GM Joe Hortiz Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Recapping Jim Harbaugh's Introductory Press Conference Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly Emergency Pod: Reacting to the Joe Hortiz Hire Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly Emergency Pod: Reacting to the Jim Harbaugh Hire Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: When Will Coaching Carousel Stop in Los Angeles? Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Fan Q&A as Head Coach and GM Search Heats Up Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: What Will 2024 Hold for the Franchise? Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Close 2023 in Denver and What AFC West Landscape Looks Like Next Season Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Buffalo Up on Saturday and What's Next for the Bolts Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Travel to Vegas for TNF, Easton Stick's First NFL Start Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Hit Crucial Stretch of Season, Starting With Broncos Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Start December in Need of Win in New England Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: SNF Preview as Bolts Host Baltimore Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Class of 2020 QBs Meet at Lambeau in Week 11 Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Bring Momentum to Home Showdown With Lions Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Take Flight to NY in Search of Back-to-Back Primetime Wins Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Major Storylines and Keys to Victory vs. Cowboys on MNF Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Where Bolts Stand At The Bye & Fan Q&A Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Can Bolts Build Momentum, Even Record Against Raiders? Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Bolts Head to Minnesota in Search of First Win Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Dolphins Recap, Keys to Victory in Tennessee Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: What to Expect in Season Opener vs. Dolphins Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Fan Q&A, 53-Man Roster and 2023 Expectations Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Preseason Finale Preview, Figuring Out the Final 53 Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Veterans Gerald Everett, Sebastian Joseph-Day on Joint Practice With Saints, 2023 Season Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: RB Isaiah Spiller, WR Derius Davis Look Ahead to Preseason Opener vs. Rams Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Rookie EDGE Tuli Tuipulotu and WR Joshua Palmer Join Chris and Money Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Early Takeaways as Bolts Open Training Camp Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: 2023 Training Camp Preview Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: How the AFC West Can Be Won Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Kellen Moore's Influence and Fast Starts on Offense in 2023 Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Previewing the 2023 Defense and Under-the-Radar Players to Watch Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Beat Writers Roundtable, Summer Break Edition Chargers Weekly Chargers Weekly: Minicamp Takeaways, J.C. Jackson's Progress and More LATEST GALLERIES gallery Chargers Impact Fund Celebrates Read Across America Day gallery Chargers Host Snoop & Housh Flag Football League Kickoff Camp gallery Chargers visit Paws for Life K9 Rescue Prison Program Operated at California State Prison – Los Angeles County in Lancaster gallery Bolt Academy Scholars Visit Grammy Museum gallery Top Shots 2023: Best Touchdown Celebrations gallery Chargers Impact Fund Hosts Bolts Book Club in Celebration of Black History Month gallery Top Shots 2023: Best of the Bolt Fam gallery Top Shots 2023: Best of Tuli Tuipulotu gallery Best Photos of Chargers Special Teams Coordinator Ryan Ficken gallery Top Shots 2023: Best Tackles & Sacks PURO CHARGERS news Mejores Palabras de la Conferencia de Prensa Introductoria de Joe Hortiz Estas son las mejores palabras que dijo el gerente general de los Chargers Joe Hortiz el martes durante su conferencia de prensa introductoria news Cómo el Gerente General Joe Hortiz Supo Los Chargers Eran el Lugar Adecuado "Sabes que están comprometidos a ganar. Hace que sea fácil pasar de una gran organización a otra que crees que será excelente." news Mejores Palabras de la Conferencia de Prensa Introductoria de Jim Harbaugh Estas son las mejores palabras que dijo el entrenador en jefe de los Chargers Jim Harbaugh el jueves durante su conferencia de prensa introductoria. news Como Mirar: Conferencia de Prensa Introductoria de Chargers GM Joe Hortiz Aquí es cómo mirar la conferencia de prensa introductoria del nuevo gerente general de los Chargers Joe Hortiz el 6 de febrero de 2024. news Jim Harbaugh Ofrece un Primer Mensaje a Los Fanáticos de Chargers "Reporto a la familia Spanos y a los dueños. También siento que reporto a los fans. Reporto a los jugadores. Soy responsable ante todos aquellos en la organización." video Best Spanish Radio Calls of the 2023 Season The 2023 season was packed full of exciting and celebratory moments for the Chargers, told through the electrifying Spanish commentary of Adrian Garcia Marquez and Francisco Pinto. ¡Cayó Rayo! Watch the top Spanish radio calls that feature plays from Justin Herbert, Keenan Allen, Joey Bosa, and more. news Los Angeles Chargers Acuerdan Términos con Joe Hortiz Como Gerente General Los Angeles Chargers acordaron hoy los términos con Joe Hortiz como gerente general de la organización. Hortiz supervisará todo el personal de los jugadores y los asuntos de exploración, incluida la agencia libre y el Draft de la NFL. Recientemente fue director de personal de jugadores de los Baltimore Ravens de 2019 a 2023, después de desempeñar una variedad de funciones mientras avanzaba en el departamento de personal de Baltimore. La conferencia de prensa introductoria de Hortiz se llevará a cabo el martes 6 de febrero y se darán más detalles a continuación. news 5 Cosas Para Saber Sobre Joe Hortiz Los Angeles Chargers acordaron el martes los términos con Joe Hortiz como gerente general news Como Mirar: Conferencia de Prensa Introductoria de Chargers HC Jim Harbaugh Aquí es cómo mirar la conferencia de prensa introductoria del nuevo entrenador en jefe de los Chargers, Jim Harbaugh, el 1 de febrero de 2024. news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Segunda Entrevista con Joe Hortiz Los Chargers confirmaron el viernes que entrevistaron a Joe Hortiz por segunda vez para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Segunda Entrevista con Brandon Brown Los Chargers confirmaron el jueves que entrevistaron a Brandon Brown por segunda vez para el puesto de gerente general news Los Angeles Chargers Acuerdan Términos con Jim Harbaugh Como Entrenador en Jefe Los Angeles Chargers acordaron hoy los términos con Jim Harbaugh como entrenador en jefe. Harbaugh, ex mariscal de campo de los Chargers durante las temporadas 1999 y 2000, pasó los últimos nueve años en su alma mater como entrenador en jefe de fútbol de la Universidad de Michigan. Harbaugh se reincorpora a los Chargers después de haber llevado a Michigan a tres campeonatos Big Ten consecutivos, tres apariciones consecutivas en los playoffs de fútbol universitario y un récord perfecto de 15-0 la temporada pasada que vio a los Wolverines coronarse campeones nacionales de 2023. news 5 Cosas Para Saber Sobre Jim Harbaugh Los Angeles Chargers acordaron el miércoles los términos con Jim Harbaugh como entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Dawn Aponte Los Chargers confirmaron el lunes que entrevistaron a Dawn Aponte para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Raheem Morris Los Chargers confirmaron el sabado que entrevistaron a Raheem Morris para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Ben Johnson Los Chargers confirmaron el sabado que entrevistaron a Ben Johnson para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Aaron Glenn Los Chargers confirmaron el sabado que entrevistaron a Aaron Glenn para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Dan Quinn Los Chargers confirmaron el viernes que entrevistaron a Dan Quinn para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Jeff King Los Chargers confirmaron el viernes que entrevistaron a Jeff King para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Mike Vrabel Los Chargers confirmaron el jueves que entrevistaron a Mike Vrabel para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con David Shaw Los Chargers confirmaron el jueves que entrevistaron a David Shaw para el puesto de entrenador en jefe news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Ed Dodds Los Chargers confirmaron el miercoles que entrevistaron a Ed Dodds para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Jeff Ireland Los Chargers confirmaron el miercoles que entrevistaron a Jeff Ireland para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de GM: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Terrance Gray Los Chargers confirmaron el martes que entrevistaron a Terrance Gray para el puesto de gerente general news Búsqueda de Entrenador en Jefe: Chargers Confirman Entrevista con Brian Callahan Los Chargers confirmaron el martes que entrevistaron a Brian Callahan para el puesto de entrenador en jefe NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Advertising CHARGERS IN THE COMMUNITY gallery Chargers Impact Fund Celebrates Read Across America Day In honor of Read Across America Day, running back Elijah Dotson and Chargers Legend Corey Liuget teamed up with the Chargers Impact Fund to celebrate with the students at Lincoln Elementary School. The festivities included a special reading of Dr. Seuss books with the players in the classrooms, as well as a Scholastic Book Fair where all 360 students had the chance to select three books to take home at no cost. gallery Chargers Host Snoop & Housh Flag Football League Kickoff Camp The Los Angeles Chargers hosted a free camp for hundreds of youth football players to celebrate the upcoming launch of the Snoop & Housh Flag Football League. Pro Bowl WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh was on hand for the event, leading drills and interacting with the participants. The Snoop & Housh Flag Football League will commence its inaugural season in March 2024 with games taking place across the Los Angeles area in El Segundo, Long Beach and Cerritos. Formed to empower youth athletes in their ability to develop football skills, build self-esteem and learn the importance of teamwork in a safe, fun, inclusive environment, the league is open to Pre-K through 8th grade boys and girls of all skill levels. SIGN UP HERE gallery Chargers visit Paws for Life K9 Rescue Prison Program Operated at California State Prison – Los Angeles County in Lancaster This off-season Chargers ownership and front office staff visited California State Prison, Los Angeles County located in Lancaster to continue fostering a relationship with Paws for Life K9 Rescue's incarcerated trainers and the animals they are saving. During the visit, Paws for Life's incarcerated trainers shared stories and offered insights on what the program has meant to them and how it has changed their outlook on life. gallery Bolt Academy Scholars Visit Grammy Museum Bolt Academy scholars, a collaborative effort between the Los Angeles Chargers Impact Fund, Inglewood Unified School District, and Brotherhood Crusade, were surprised by Chargers Defensive Back Michael Davis as they embarked on a guided tour of the immersive and interactive Hip-Hop America: The Mixtape Exhibit at the GRAMMY Museum in Los Angeles. This experience provided a unique insight on the music industry and celebrated the global impact of hip-hop gallery Chargers Impact Fund Hosts Bolts Book Club in Celebration of Black History Month The Chargers Impact Fund hosted a special Bolts Book Club event in celebration of Black History Month, in a continued effort to bring provide the youth in our community with an opportunity to promote literacy skill development and foster an affinity for the arts. Over 40 youth athletes from the Snoop Youth Football League visited the home of the Los Angeles Chargers, SoFi Stadium, to join former All-Pro special teamer and Chargers Legend Kassim Osgood for a read-along session of Pigskins to Paintbrushes: The Story of Football-Playing Artist Ernie Barnes, who also holds the title of former Chargers offensive lineman. The group also toured the acclaimed Kinsey African American Art and History Collection exhibit at SoFi Stadium, which itself features artwork crafted by Barnes. At the conclusion of the event, the Los Angeles Chargers and the Chargers Impact Fund gifted each the 40-plus youth athletes an Amazon Kindle, enhancing the accessibility of literature as the students continue on their reading journeys, providing books and learning enhancement materials at their fingertips. Since the inception of the Bolts Book Club in 2020, the Chargers have donated over 12,000 books to youth throughout Southern California, inspiring literary development for our next generation. gallery Chargers Sponsor 64th Annual Orange County All-Star Game The Chargers sponsored the 64th Annual Orange County North-South All-Star Game, held this weekend at Orange Coast College. The game, organized by Costa Mesa United, showcased 90 of the top players from the county. The South team, coached by St. Margaret High School's Dan O'Shea, emerged victorious for the 8th straight year over the North, led by Ray Fenton of Los Alamitos High School. gallery Cameron Dicker Visits Childrens Hospital Los Angeles Kicker, Cameron Dicker, visited patients at CHLA for an afternoon of video games and fun. The Bolts partnered with Gamers Outreach to donate a brand-new GO Kart portable video game kiosk to the hospital. Thousands of patients for years to come will have access to these video games and experience joy in the midst of treatment. video Chargers Host 6th Annual "STEM on the Sidelines" Competition The Chargers, in collaboration with Ducommun, Inc. and UC Irvine, hosted the 6th annual "STEM on the Sidelines," an engineering challenge for high school students in Southern California. Students designed and built their own football-launching robots to square off in a competition at SoFi Stadium in December. Presented by Ducommun, Inc. gallery Chargers Players Spread Holiday Cheer during Season of Giving Los Angeles Chargers players hosted multiple events throughout December to spread holiday cheer to children's groups across the Southland video Elementary School Students Surprised with Bikes from Chargers & Pechanga The Chargers continued a 19-year tradition by partnering with Bikes for Kids and Pechanga to surprise second and third-graders at Sunrise Elementary School in Boyle Heights with brand new bikes. Former Chargers players Larry English, Kassim Osgood, and recently inducted Chargers Hall of Fame tight end Antonio Gates surprised 100-plus children with the bicycles. gallery 33rd Annual Alex Spanos All-Star Classic The 33rd Annual Alex Spanos All-Star Classic held on Saturday, December 16, 2023 at Mira Mesa High School in San Diego, CA. gallery 1st Annual LA City Gridiron Classic The Los Angeles Chargers proudly presented the 1st Annual LA City Gridiron Classic pitting the best players in the City Section against each other on Friday, December 15, 2023 at Birmingham High in Van Nuys, CA. gallery The Bolts and Pechanga Surprise 100+ Students with New Bikes for the Holidays For the 19th consecutive year, the Bolts continued the tradition of surprising local elementary school students with brand new bikes for the holidays. The Chargers Impact Fund, Pechanga Resort & Casino, and Bikes for Kids Foundation provided a gift of a lifetime to over 100 second and third grade students at Sunrise Elementary School. Newly inducted Chargers Hall of Fame member, Antonio Gates, and Chargers Legends, Larry English and Kassim Osgood, and Pechanga Board President, Ken Perez, joined the festivities to surprise the students with the news. The bikes were built by Bolts Community Crew volunteers and kept hidden from the students until the Legends revealed the holiday surprise. gallery LA Bowl Girls Flag Football Skills & Drills Camp The Los Angeles Chargers teamed up with the LA Bowl to hold a girls flag football skills & drills camp at SoFi Stadium ahead of the annual bowl game held on the Bolts' home field gallery Pechanga Resort Casino Hosts Chargers for 2023 Legends Golf Tournament Chargers alumni kicked off Legends Weekend with a golf tournament at Journey at Pechanga. The course provided the Legends with a fun and challenging day of golf alongside guests from Pechanga Resort Casino. gallery Chargers Impact Fund's Bolts Book Club Visits Wallis Annenberg PetSpace Sixty 2nd and 3rd grade students who achieved perfect attendance were selected from 122nd St. Elementary School to participate in the Chargers Impact Fund's Bolts Book Club at Wallis Annenberg PetSpace. They enjoyed a day of learning about animals which included reading to the adoptable pets, participating in puppy yoga, and going through an agility course. The students were joined by NFL Foundation Board Member and wife of Chargers Owner and Chairman of the Board, Susie Spanos, and Orange County high school flag football all-star and author, Erika Wein. After a full day of reading, each student went home with three books, including the children's book Wein wrote, "The Underdog." gallery Chargers Partner with NFL Flag and LA Legends for Their 2nd Girls Flag College Showcase The Los Angeles Chargers, LA Legends, and NFL Flag collaborated to host a high school girls flag college showcase for 165 athletes from across Southern California at Serra High School in Gardena. Six universities participated in the event, where girls were offered scholarships to play at their respective schools at the conclusion of the showcase. gallery LA's Youth Development Department Gives Final Presentations for Sustainability Program with the Chargers and Ball Corporation The City of Los Angeles' Youth Development Department (YDD) gave their final presentations in the locker room for the Chargers' sustainability program sponsored by Ball Corporation. The five groups were tasked with ideating an event or campaign that promotes and educates the community on aluminum recycling and sustainability practices. The winning team will receive funding from Ball to implement their projects in Spring 2024. gallery Chargers Players Celebrate My Cause My Cleats Check out photos as Los Angeles Chargers players celebrate My Cause My Cleats ahead of Week 14 gallery Chargers Host Youth Tackle Teams at SoFi Stadium for Character Playbook Event The Chargers hosted Super Bowl participating teams from the Snoop Youth Football League in the team locker room at SoFi Stadium for a Character Playbook event with Everfi. Chargers linebacker Daiyon Henley and Senior Director of Player Engagement, Arthur Hightower, joined the teams for this special event presented by Nike. The focus of the event was on character, leadership, and mental health, preparing the young athletes in attendance for the next level of football and life. gallery Chargers and Nike Host Inaugural Girls' Flag All-Star Game at SoFi The Chargers, in partnership with Nike, hosted the first girls' flag high school All-Star Game. This historic event served as a final celebration of the first officially sanctioned season of high school girls' flag football in the state of California. Prior to the kickoff at SoFi Stadium, the participating girls had the unique opportunity to be on set at NFL Network and were featured on Gameday Morning. This special experience added an extra layer of excitement for the 70 top athletes from Southern California who showcased their skills in the inaugural matchup between Los Angeles and Orange County. gallery Chargers 2023 Boots & Bolts Visits The Chargers and American Airlines teamed up to invite local military members, veterans, and gold star families to be a part of our annual Boots & Bolts post-practice visits at Hoag Performance Center. Each visit includes a player meet & greet along with an exclusive behind-the-scenes tour of the Bolts Practice Facility. video Giving Tuesday: Blessings in a Backpack The Chargers Impact Fund teamed up with Blessings in a Backpack to help feed youth in LA. Donations to this program can help feed students for an entire school year. More info can be found at chargers.com/feedingthefuture video The Chargers Community Gives Thanks and Gives Back This Thanksgiving season, the Chargers take a look back at this season's most impactful moments within its community outreach and reflect on its mission to give back and to give thanks. gallery Chargers and American Airlines Celebrate the Grand Opening of The Welcome Center at U.S. VETS – Long Beach In honor of Salute to Service month, the Chargers have joined forced with American Airlines to celebrate the Grand Opening of the Welcome Center at U.S. VETS – Long Beach. This space will serve as a beacon of hope for Veterans and provide them with the resources they need to enter into U.S. VETS programing. Advertising CONNECT WITH US DOWNLOAD FOR IOS DOWNLOAD FOR ANDROID facebook Los Angeles Chargers instagram chargers youtube Chargers tiktok chargers linkedin Los Angeles Chargers email Email Newsletters x Chargers Interested in Tickets? Live Chat with a Chargers Representative Advertising Club Links Club Links News Latest News News Releases Transactions Game Stories Training Camp DRAFT Video Highlights News Conferences Mic'd Up All In Film Room Photos Gameday Practice Travel Community Podcasts Chargers Weekly Backstage: Chargers Playmakers The Final Drive Puro Chargers Schedule Future Opponents Event Calendar Uniform Schedule Team Roster Depth Chart Injury Report Transactions Coaches Standings Stats History SoFi Stadium Seating Map & Benefits Ticket Options Parking Know Before You Go TICKETS Account Manager Season Tickets Single Game Tickets Premium Seating & Suites Club Chargers LUX Gameday Suite Rentals Group Tickets Mobile Ticketing FOLLOW US App Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Tik Tok Community Impact Fund Programs Requests Youth & High School Football Bolts Community Crew CHARGERS BUSINESS Front Office Careers Partnership Opportunities Pro Shop Hats Jerseys Tailgating Home Decor New Arrivals Kids Apparel Mens Apparel Womens Apparel NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing NFL.com USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange Download apps Download Apps © 2023 Chargers Football Company, LLC. All rights reserved. This website is managed on a digital platform of the National Football League. Legal Contact us Website Accessibility PRIVACY POLICY Site Map Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar iconNFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel IconList ViewWebsite InstagramTwitterFacebookSnapchatShop IconProfile Overlay AvatarAddAirplayArrow LeftArrow RightArrow UpArrow DownAudioBack 5sBack 10sBack 30sCalendarChartCheckDownLeftRightUpChromecast OffChromecast OnCloseClosed CaptionsBench OffBench OnBroad OffBroad OnVertical OffVertical OnCommentDockDoneDownloadDraftFantasyFilterForward 5sForward 10sForward 30sFull Screen OffFull Screen OnGamepassGamesInsightsKeyLeaveLiveCombineDraftFantasyMenu GamesMenu NetworkMenu NewsMenu PlayoffsMenu Pro BowlMenu ShopMenu StandingsMenu StatsMenu Super BowlMenu TeamsMenu TicketsMenuMore HorizontalMore VerticalMy LocationNetworkNewsPauseplayMultiple PlayersSingle PlayerPlaylistPlayoffsPro BowlPurgeRefreshRemoveSearchSettingsShare AndroidShare Copy URLShare EmailShare FacebookShare InstagramShare iOSShare SnapchatShare TwitterSkip NextSkip PreviousStandingsStarStatsSwapTeamsTicketsVideoVisibility OffVisibility OnVolume HiVolume LowVolume MediumVolume MuteWarningWebsite Caret downCaret upAtNewsPlayAudioGalleryPromo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!