The International School of Minnesota CAREERS SABIS® NETWORK MENU Home Our School Admissions Academic Life Student Life Boarding ISM Stories Contact Us SABIS® DIGITAL PLATFORM SABIS® NETWORK CAREERS SABIS® Network SABIS®EN EnglishSABIS® Network of SchoolsNorth AmericaPanamaUnited StatesSouth AmericaBrazilEuropeGermanyAfricaEgyptKenyaAsiaAzerbaijanBahrainChinaJordanIraqKurdistan, IraqLebanonOmanPakistanQatarSaudi ArabiaSyriaUnited Arab Emirates Key Links Admissions FAQ School Calendar Application Member of the SABIS® Network Welcome Letter From Director Mission & Values School Calendar Friends of ISM Our Campus Alumni Prospective Families Application Process Tuition & Affordability FAQs Request Information Plan a Visit Transportation Academic Approach Studying at ISM Early Childhood Education (Preschool - Kindergarten) Lower School (Grades 1-5) Middle School (Grades 6-8) High School (Grades 9-12) College Counseling Technology and E-learning SABIS Student Life Organization® Sports & Activities Music & Performing Arts Visual Arts Dining Services Events & Trips Extended Day Summer Camps The Boarding Experience International Student Admissions Affordability Residence Hall Facilities Meet the Coordinator Find us on: Our School Admissions Academic Life Student Life Boarding ISM Stories Contact Us Member of the SABIS® Network Welcome Letter From Director Mission & Values School Calendar Friends of ISM Our Campus Alumni Our School Welcome to The International School of Minnesota, a member of the global SABIS® Network. At ISM, we are dedicated to helping every student student achieve success in an ever-changing world. Learn More Prospective Families Application Process Tuition & Affordability FAQs Request Information Plan a Visit Transportation Admissions Our school is an excellent choice for parents who are looking to offer their children a top-quality, international education within a vibrant and nurturing environment. Learn More Academic Approach Studying at ISM Early Childhood Education (Preschool - Kindergarten) Lower School (Grades 1-5) Middle School (Grades 6-8) High School (Grades 9-12) College Counseling Technology and E-learning Academic Life Our team of staff and teachers are committed to providing an optimal learning environment that nurtures academic achievement and challenges students to reach their full potential. Learn More SABIS Student Life Organization® Sports & Activities Music & Performing Arts Visual Arts Dining Services Events & Trips Extended Day Summer Camps Student Life We believe that student engagement in daily life at school and a multitude of activities is important for their well-being and for their development. Learn More The Boarding Experience International Student Admissions Affordability Residence Hall Facilities Meet the Coordinator Boarding Our Residence Hall features 32 bed spaces for students in shared or single occupancy rooms, with state-of-the-art accommodations. Learn More Stories Learn More Contact Us Learn More PLAN A VISIT APPLY PLAN A VISIT APPLY Close Welcome to The International School of Minnesota (ISM), a member of the global SABIS® Network At ISM, we believe that a premier education paralleled with a healthy and nurturing environment will effectively equip students with the tools they need to succeed in their pursuit of excellence. Founded in 1985, ISM is a private school located in the heart of Eden Prairie, Minnesota, and has been educating students for over 38 years. We believe that our students are future leaders and world changers, and we educate them accordingly. Our student body is comprised of Preschool-Grade 12 students from the Twin Cities as well as International Boarding students from around the globe. The varied cultural, racial, and ethnic backgrounds of our community members mirror the diversity of the work and community settings our students will enter after college. The school’s learning environment sets the stage for skills development in collaborative discourse, navigating difference, unconscious bias, inclusion, and belonging, and the cultural agility required of leaders and engaged members of society. Our students possess deep awareness of the world around them and understand what it means to be accountable to themselves, others, and the planet. The ISM Community The ISM community is welcoming and diverse; a blend of different cultures and perspectives under one roof. Our students primarily come from Eden Prairie and all over the Twin Cities metro, as well as across the United States and around the world. Our community broadens our students’ horizons and fosters a global outlook that prepares them for an interconnected world. We are also proud to be active members of our local community. We partner with local organizations through community service, outreach, and events. We invite the community to our campus throughout the year in order to bring us together, through performances, sports, visual arts, cultural and volunteer events. These connections help us stay deeply rooted in the community and inspire our offering, helping us better prepare our students for college, careers, and giving back. Preschool - Kindergarten Grades 1 - 5 Grades 6 - 8 Grades 9 - 12 The ISM Advantage Academics Academic excellence is at the core of an ISM education. Our students in Preschool through Grade 12 receive a premier education in a vibrant, international community that is committed to helping all students aim for and achieve their full potential. Student Leadership Exclusive to ISM is our SABIS Student Life Organization®, a student-led mini-society that empowers students to make a real difference in their school and community while offering them countless academic, social, and emotional benefits. Global Network & Alumni We take great pride in our thriving community of alumni who have gone on to make significant contributions in various fields around the globe. Our mission is to create and reinforce lifelong intellectual, professional, and personal connections in our network. Campus ISM is located on 57 acres of land surrounded by walking and biking trails and access to Bryant Lake. The campus features state-of-the-art facilities that provide students with an ideal setting to explore their talents, develop their interests, and discover their dreams. Health & Nutrition ISM's award-winning Executive Chef Ted Norris and his culinary team take pride in delighting our students with delicious, balanced meals. Featuring fresh, organic ingredients, we offer breakfast, lunch, and snacks that meet the nutritional and dietary needs of our students. College Counseling ISM offers a comprehensive college counseling program that starts in Grade 7 and continues through senior year and supports students to make informed choices, achieve their academic goals, and embark on a successful and fulfilling university experience. % Acceptance into Top Universities Nationalities Clubs and Activities AP® Courses ISM Stories All background Layer 1 background Layer 1 background Layer 1 background Layer 1 Find us on: Key Links Admissions FAQ School Calendar Application Testimonials All "The opportunities you can have at ISM are beyond ‘usual’ than what you can have at other schools. You can actually put your thoughts into actions at ISM, thanks to all the supportive faculty members." "The opportunities you can have at ISM are beyond ‘usual’ than what you can have at other schools. You can actually put your... “ I am appreciative of the recognition that ISM does for athletes like me, it motivates us to have great support from the school.” “ I am appreciative of the recognition that ISM does for athletes like me, it motivates us to have great support from the school.” “It puts kids a step ahead. Students score exceptionally on AP exams and college entrance exams. “ “It puts kids a step ahead. Students score exceptionally on AP exams and college entrance exams. “ ATHLETICS HOME OF THE HUSKIES! Learn more International Accreditation Explore SABIS® SABIS® SABIS® is a global education network that has an active presence in 21 countries on five continents. VISIT SITE Alumni Read from the Life After SABIS® series to see where graduates from around the global network are today. VISIT SITE Careers The SABIS® Careers website features job openings from across the global SABIS® Network. alumni around the world. VISIT SITE About ISM Founded in 1985, The International School of Minnesota is a private school located in the heart of Eden Prairie, Minnesota. For over 35 years, ISM has been educating students in the local and international community using the SABIS® Educational System, an academically rigorous program that provides students with a solid foundation of knowledge and valuable 21st century skills to ensure their success in college and beyond. PLAN A VISIT APPLY SITEMAP Home Our School Admissions Academic Life Student Life International Students ISM Stories Contact Us ISM STORIES ISM Partners with Pan... Jan 11, 2024 ISM: A Year in Review Jan 2, 2024 The International... Oct 17, 2023 NEWS FROM THE NETWORK newsletter.sabis.net STAY CONNECTED The International School of Minnesota 6385 Beach Road Eden Prairie MN 55344 USA +1 952 918 1800 admissions@ism-sabis.net internationalschoolmn.com Request Information Directions to ISM North America | South America | Europe | Africa | Asia Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - Cookies Preferences ©2024. All Rights Reserved. Login SABIS® Digital Platform INQUIRE