Home - University of Notre Dame Due to system upgrades, ebooks will not be available for direct purchase on our site. Thank you for your patience. Skip to content Books Column Featured Books Series Awards Winners Subjects Catalogs Our Authors Resources Column Submission Guidelines For Authors For Booksellers For Instructors For Libraries For Students Accessibility Engage Column Support the Press Blog Exhibits Book Festival UP Week Publishing Boot Camp Contact Column About Us Staff Media Requests Rights & Permissions Sales Representation Orders & Returns Purchasing Ebooks Support the Press Close Menu SEARCH X Books Authors On The Site Home Featured Titles Coming Soon Bestsellers Browse by Subject Politics and the Pink Tide City and Campus Youth, Education, and Islamic Radicalism The Catholic Case against War The Afternoon of Christianity Protestant Missionaries in China Following Christ and Confucius Catholicism and Native Americans in Early North America Democratic Quality in Southern Europe Petrarch's Penitential Psalms and Prayers The Authoritarian Divide The Nature of Law Bioethics after God After Virtue The Four Cardinal Virtues Barrio Boy The Peaceable Kingdom Summa Contra Gentiles Treatise on Happiness God, Country, Notre Dame Dedication and Leadership Whose Justice? Which Rationality? An Essay on the Development of Christian Doctrine A Short History of Ethics The Christian Philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas Notre Dame Religious Studies Philosophy Theology Political Science History Latin American Studies Medieval Studies Stay in Touch with Notre Dame Press Be the first to know about new content, special offers, and updates Submit Explore Our Blog A Celebration of Women’s History Month The University of Notre Dame Press presents our Women’s History Month reading list that showcases powerful reads written by women and about women across a variety of subject areas. These… Read More New Paperback Release: “Alasdair MacIntyre” by Émile Perreau-Saussine Scottish-American philosopher Alasdair MacIntyre is one of the most widely-read scholars of the twentieth century, a theorist of capitalist modernity concerned with the human pursuit of the good and true…. Read More An Interview with Tomáš Halík, Author of “The Afternoon of Christianity” Tomáš Halík is a Czech Roman Catholic priest, philosopher, theologian, and scholar. He is a professor of sociology at Charles University in Prague, pastor of the Academic Parish of St…. Read More Read More Notre Dame Press 310 Flanner Hall Notre Dame, IN 46556 Support the Press Submission Guidelines Internships Orders & Returns Rights & Permissions Sales Representation Contact Us Join our email list © University of Notre Dame Privacy Statement Powered by Supadu We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings