One Identity | Unified Identity Security For the best web experience, please use IE11+, Chrome, Firefox, or Safari Resources All Resources Learning Hub Blog Communities United States (English) Brazil (Português) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Japan (日本語) Mexico (Español) Account Settings Sign Out Sign In Create Account Products Main Menu Products Products Privileged Access Management Safeguard Safeguard On Demand Safeguard for Privileged Analytics Safeguard for Privileged Passwords Safeguard for Privileged Sessions Safeguard Remote Access Endpoint Privilege Management Privilege Manager for Windows Privilege Manager for Unix Safeguard Authentication Services Safeguard for Sudo Access Management OneLogin Workforce Identity OneLogin Customer Identity Password Manager Defender Identity Governance and Administration Identity Manager Identity Manager On Demand Identity Manager On Demand Starling Edition Identity Manager Data Governance Starling Connect Active Directory Management Active Roles Log Management Log Management Appliance Log Management Software Open Source Log Management View All Products Solutions Main Menu Solutions Achieve identity-centric cybersecurity to protect the people, applications and data that are essential to business All Solutions All Integrations Solutions Behavior Driven Governance Gain full visibility into which access rights are being used, how and by whom. Enforce the principle of least privilege and reduce vulnerabilities and licensing costs. Cyber insurance Level up your identity security and satisfy the demands of your cyber insurance coverage. Privileged access governance Close the gap between privileged access and standard user identities across the enterprise. Advanced Authentication Fortify your defenses with strong and adaptive authentication, preventing unauthorized access to your most critical systems, applications and sensitive data. Enhance log management Reliably collect, store and manage logs from hundreds of systems across the enterprise. Support digital transformation Take measured steps to ensure digital transformation initiatives stay in line with identity security best practices. Drive operational efficiencies Streamline process, reduce errors and minimize complexity associated with managing identities. Public Sector Enable government processes to satisfy regulatory requirements, surpass operational efficiency goals and improve service delivery. Support & Services Main Menu Support Portal Contact Support Communities Services Partners Main Menu Partner Portal Deal Alert Partner Locator MSP Partners Partner Blog Partner Plus Program About Main Menu About Us Our Perspective Leadership Customer Stories News Careers Contact Us Resources Resources Main Menu All Resources Learning Hub Blogs Communities United States (EN) Main Menu United States (English) Brazil (Português) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Japan (日本語) Mexico (Español) Free Trials Request Pricing One Identity UNITEUNITE is a global user and partner conference where the identity world collaborates and innovates. Learn more Unify, Verify and AdaptEnhancing your cybersecurity posture starts with identity security. One Identity can help unify your approach to managing access rights for better visibility and control, verify everything before granting access to your most-important assets and help you adapt to an evolving threat landscape.Our Solutions Your browser does not support HTML video. Secure Workforce andCustomer IdentityDeliver a cohesive IAM solution with One Identity and OneLogin.Learn More An IGA Market LeaderRead the KuppingerCole 2023 Leadership Compass for IGA.Learn More 2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Identity Governance and AdministrationRead the Gartner® Market Guide for IGALearn More Microsoft + One Identity:Better TogetherLearn how you can supplement Active Directory with Active Roles.Learn More PreviousNext A market leader in unified identity securityA dramatic proliferation of identities, combined with the fragmented approach that many organizations address identity security today, has created unprecedented opportunities for bad actors. One Identity helps close this cybersecurity exposure gap with an integrated, modular set of solutions that delivers unparalleled visibility, control, and protection.Our Perspective Innovations and IntegrationsLearn about our latest innovations that include Behavior Driven Governance, Just-In-Time Privilege and Privilege Access GovernanceRead More Solutions for your most-critical challengesYour browser does not support HTML video. Secure the Organization Your browser does not support HTML video. Drive Operational Efficiencies Your browser does not support HTML video. Enable Compliance and Auditing Your browser does not support HTML video. Support Digital Transformation Your browser does not support HTML video. Enhance Log Management View All Broad industry recognitionOne Identity positioned as an Overall Leader in the KuppingerCole 2024 Leadership Compass for Identity FabricsGet the Report KuppingerCole 2023 LeadershipOne Identity positioned as an Overall Leader in the KuppingerCole 2023 Leadership Compass for Access ManagementLearn More 2023 Gartner® Market Guide2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Identity Governance and AdministrationLearn More IGA LeadershipKuppingerCole names One Identity a Leader in the 2023 IGA Leadership Compass Report.Learn More Previous Next View All Awards Trusted and proven worldwide One Identity provides the tools to make the most of the good while protecting us from the bad. It’s peace of mind out of the box. Cherry O’Donnell, Head of Identity and Access ManagementUK parliament - Parliamentary Digital Service (PDS)Read Case Study The benefits of having a next-gen tool is extremely important to us, and exciting at the same time Damiano Tulipani, Vice President of CybersecurityInvestors BankRead Case Study Flexibility and extensibility of the platform allowed us to achieve far more efficiencies than we ever expected. Becky Phares, Sr Business AnalystGeorge Washington UniversityRead Case Study ... we have transformed Sky’s opinion of IAM into being a feature-rich platform that empowers the business. Gareth MacGuire, Identity Management Technical LeadSKYRead Case Study One Identity is the only one in the product space today that have a unified platform and the ability to show a 360 degree view of an individual Mark Hannah, Vice PresidentEST GroupRead Case Study Previous Next View Case Studies Expertise in key verticals 10 of 10Largest financialservices institutions 9 of 10Largest healthcareinstitutions 8 of 10Technologyorganizations 4 of 5Global telecomcompanies 4 of 5Energycompanies A worldwide thought leader on cybersecurity E-book Cyber resilience in the era of identity sprawl This new eBook highlights ways your organization can bolster your defenses against modern attack methods. It offers simple, yet critical, ways to ... White Paper The Role of Privileged Access Management in Meeting Compliance and Regulatory Requirements In this ebook, we will discuss how Privileged Access Management (PAM) plays a critical role in meeting compliance and regulatory requirements. White Paper Continuous Governance to secure your enterprise This eBook describes how your organization can achieve continous governance and compliance. Read how organizations around the globe have successfu... On Demand Webcast One Identity - Behavior Driven Governance Watch this 9-minute webcast to learn about how your organization can take advantage of the benefits this solution delivers. White Paper 10 Steps to enhance the agility, security and performance of Active Directory Maintaining Active Directory (AD) in a clean, organized and secure state is a challenge, particularly for user accounts. Learn 10 steps you can ta... On Demand Webcast One Identity Active Roles and OneLogin: Unlocking the value of this powerful combination Watch this video to learn how these solutions work together, including multiple demos on how you can take advantage of this powerful combination o... White Paper 8 Best Practices for Identity and Access Management Identity and access management isn’t something you do once and then forget about. Video Cybersecurity Trends and Insights - video interview series Learn from hard-won, real-world insights from IT security professionals as they share challenges and successes experienced on the road to identity... Video Better Together: Microsoft Active Directory and One Identity Active Roles Microsoft Active Directory and One Identity Active Roles for Enhanced Security and Efficiency Datasheet One Identity one-page overview Learn more about One Identity, and how we’re uniquely positioned to help you unify your identity security practices, in this fact sheet News Report: 95% of orgs say they struggle with digital ID management This article from VentureBeat summarizes the key findings of a recent survey on identity security, and outlines some best practices to minimize yo... Video Control identity sprawl to become cyber resilient One Identity brings together best-in-class Privileged Access Management, Identity Governance and Administration, and Active Directory Management a... White Paper Controlling and Managing Privileged Access Effectively managing privileged accounts is critical to security and compliance efforts Contact UsReady to tackle your next IT challenge? We’re here to help.Contact About Why One Identity Customer Stories News Careers Support Support Portal Contact Support One Identity University Forums Contact Contact One Identity Contact Sales Request Pricing Licensing Assistance Accounting Blogs Active Directory Management and Security Cloud Identity Governance & Administration Privileged Access Management © One Identity LLC. All Rights Reserved. Legal| Terms of Use| Privacy Policy Cookie Preference Center| Cookie Use Policy United States of America (EN) United States (English) Brazil (Português) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Japan (日本語) Mexico (Español) Please wait... This is the end