Trucking Jobs, CDL Training, Tests, Forum - TruckersReport Forums Jobs Salaries Companies Trucker Resources Truck GPS CDL Practice Tests CDL Schools Trucking Insurance Freight Factoring Advertise Find a Better Truck Driving Job City, State or ZIP Search Jobs Find Trucking Jobs Company Driver Dry Van Flatbed Refrigerated Specialized Owner Operator Regional Truck Driving Dedicated Trucking Tanker Driver Solo Truck Driving Local Truck Driving Team Truck Driving No Experience Truck Driving Experienced Truck Driving OTR Trucking Intermodal Driver Hazmat Driver More Trucking Job Searches ⌄ Fewer Trucking Job Searches ⌃ Trucking Jobs new & trending HIRING CDL A TRUCK DRIVERS! $1500 WKLY AVG! NO TOUCH FREIGHT! HOME WEEKLY! $5K SIGN ON BONUS! WEEKLY & MONTHLY BONUSES! Show Details Bestway Express is offering jobs in Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Tennessee, West Virginia, and 1 others Company DriversDry VanOTR Hiring CDL-A Auto Haulers! Average $80K--$120K/year! Excellent Benefits and Damage Free Bonus! Show Details Brothers Auto Transport, LLC is offering jobs in Maryland Company DriversAuto HaulerRegionalTwic CDL A OTR Team Drivers - Earn 0.60-0.62 CPM! Show Details Kam-Way Transportation is offering jobs in Washington, Nevada, Oregon, California, Arizona, and 1 others Company DriversDry VanRefrigeratedOTRTeam CDL A OTR Drivers - $1500 Minimum Guaranteed! Show Details K&B Transportation, Inc is offering jobs in Alabama, North Carolina, Arkansas, Nebraska, Colorado, and 16 others Company DriversRefrigeratedOTR OTR Class A CDL HazMat Truck Driver - Great pay! Show Details Specialized Transport Solutions is offering jobs in Missouri, Tennessee, Iowa, Mississippi, Texas, and 28 others Company DriversRefrigeratedOTRHazMat Solo Company Drivers Needed - $10,000 Sign-On Bonus Show Details Tri-National, Inc. is offering jobs in Missouri, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Georgia, and 1 others Company DriversDry VanOTR CDL-A Team Truck Driver - $25,000 Sign-On Bonus Show Details Tri-National, Inc. is offering jobs in Missouri, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Georgia, and 1 others Company DriversDry VanOTRTeam Dispatch Shell Job Show Details Fleet Care Group is offering jobs in See More Trucking Jobs TruckersReport is the fastest way to find truck driving jobs. It only takes 30 seconds to fill out an application form and receive offers from the best trucking companies. Whether you’re looking for a company that offers better pay, newer equipment, or more home time, you can upgrade your career in minutes. Better Paying Jobs The road to the highest paying trucking jobs isn’t always a straight line. You may start at a company that hires drivers fresh out of trucking school or provides free CDL training, but later in your career it often makes sense to seek out companies that hire experienced truckers. Switching from dry van to a more specialized category of equipment, such as flatbed, refrigerated, or tankers, will also lead to more earning opportunities. Owner Operator and Lease Purchase jobs are also an option, but they are risky. Our job board includes filters so that drivers with specific standards can quickly finds jobs that meet their requirements, such as Hazmat, Oilfield, and military friendly employers that hire veterans. Free job posting means a steady flow of new truck driver jobs from trucking companies that don’t post on other sites. More Home Time OTR truck driver jobs usually pay more than local trucking jobs, but it’s tough to put a price on spending time with family. Driving regional or a dedicated lane can often mean getting home on the weekends, which is a good compromise for truckers who want to spend more time with family without limiting their earnings. By Samuel Barradas. Trucking Company Reviews by Truckers 58 Reviews Averitt Latest Review Overall Home Time Equipment and Maintenance Dispatchers and Managers My fleet manager has treated me with knowing but respect since day one. He's always just a phone or Qualcomm message away. Averitt has dozens and dozens of service centers around the south east and Texas as well as a few in the Midwest. Weekly home time unless you choose otherwise. All automatic fleet, speed limited to 65mph, freightliner cascadias Volvo 670 and international prostars. Lots of the service center (terminals) have showers, some have driver lounges, work out facilities, laundry, and many have on site mechanics to fix your truck. I personally have stopped into a service center to take my 10hour break and got a sensor replaced on my truck in about 20 minutes at 11pm. I really enjoy working with averitt Pros Management, insurance cost and coverage, pay, retirement, discounts, home time, terminal locations Cons Old worn equipment, uniforms, speed limiter Type Dry van Info & Reviews 48 Reviews CR England Latest Review Overall Home Time Equipment and Maintenance Dispatchers and Managers Trainees got $0.13/mile, employees got $0.23/mile. Weekly miles vary widely for no predictable reasons. Road training is conducted principally by people with 6 months to a year of driving experience, and usually by people who got their CDL at CR England's school. Trainers (both classroom and road) turn over frequently. Drivers rarely last six months. I lasted 8 months and made it home once. My second time home, I quit. Loads are mostly refrigerated, mostly live load/live unload. When you do drop and hook, check the trailer that you pick up thoroughly; if there is anything wrong with it (most commonly out of fuel, but sometimes mechanical or electrical problems) they will expect you to babysit the trailer at ThermoKing until it is fixed. This means if you bring it into the shop on a Friday evening, you'll be there until Monday morning - they will not pay the overtime to the shop, to fix it during evening or weekend hours. DO NOT LEASE A TRUCK FROM HORIZON TO DRIVE FOR THIS COMPANY!!! They will pull your freight to make you fail your lease! They will tell you that you can drive for whoever you want with the truck, but the terms of your lease require information and services from the carrier that make it a practical impossibility to drive for anyone but CR England on their lease! In a class of over 100 people, not one completed their lease! You will not get the miles that they use to make the numbers sound attractive for a lease! The equipment will fail, and warranty or no, you still have to make the payment, whether the truck was in the shop all week or on the road! DO NOT LEASE A TRUCK FROM HORIZON TO DRIVE FOR THIS COMPANY!!! Pros One of a very few companies that will bring you in to get your CDL, when you don't even have a permit. Cons Everything. If you can get on with anybody else, do it. Get out at the first opportunity. The longer you stay, the more harm they will do you. Get your CDL and get out. Pay them the $3k for the schooling - or skip out. Don't give them any more time than you have to, even if you have to buy your way out. They are terrible, horrible people who have been sued again and again, and they just keep delaying and refiling and appealing so that they don't have to pay. Don't work for this company! Type Refrigerated Info & Reviews See All Review Companies Trucking Jobs in 30 seconds Every month 400 people find a job with the help of TruckersReport. Wait, employers can’t reach you! Without your consent employers will not be able to contact with job offers, would you like to opt-in now? Zip Class A CDL Experience Please Select... I Need CDL Training In CDL School Now CDL Grad, No Experience 1-5 Months 6-11 Months 1 Year 2 Years 3 Years 4 Years 5+ Years Please select ALL of your current, valid driver’s licenses CDL A CDL B CDL C Please select the number of verifiable months you’ve been driving professionally using your Class A CDL within the last 3 years. Please Select...None1-5 Months6-11 Months1 Year2+ Years Each company we work with has specific experience requirements for their drivers. In order for you to receive the best possible offers, please make sure your answers above are accurate prior to submitting. Name Email Phone By checking this box and clicking the "Send me job offers" button below, I represent that I: 1. am 18+ years of age. 2. have read and agree to the TruckersReport Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 3. agree to receive email marketing from TruckersReport and its Truck Driving Job Partners. By checking this box and clicking the "Send me job offers" button below. I give my express consent authorizing TruckersReport and its Truck Driving Job Partners to contact me by telephone, which may include artificial or pre-recorded calls and/or text messages, delivered via automated technology to the phone number(s) that I have provided above (for which I am the primary user and subscriber), including wireless number(s), if applicable. I understand that my consent is not required to get job alerts. Send me job offers Trucker NewsWeather, Capacity, and Strategic Shifts: Insights from the State of Freight Webinar No commentsIndiana’s Legal Milestone: A Win for the Trucking Industry and Road Safety No commentsTackling Driver Log Falsification: Strategies for Compliance and Safety No commentsJB Hunt Brokers Deal with Walmart that May Shift More OTR Loads to Freight Rail No commentsRyder Capitalizes on Post-Pandemic Nearshoring Boom in Mexico No commentsResources Connect with us Advertise Trucking Jobs Contact Us Trucking Jobs Find Trucking Jobs Browse Trucking Jobs Browse Trucking Salaries Trucking Job Reviews Company Directory Post a Job Truck Driver Resources Free Truck GPS Trucker News Trucking Library CDL Practice Tests CDL Schools Trucking Insurance More... About Us Freight Factoring Truck Financing Dispatchers Privacy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Terms | Cookie Policy | Job Listing Rules | Copyright © 2024 TruckersReport.com Trucking Jobs in 30 seconds Every month 400 people find a job with the help of TruckersReport. Wait, employers can't reach you! Without your consent employers will not be able to contact with job offers, would you like to opt-in now? Zip Class A CDL Experience Please Select... I Need CDL Training In CDL School Now CDL Grad, No Experience 1-5 Months 6-11 Months 1 Year 2 Years 3 Years 4 Years 5+ Years Please select ALL of your current, valid driver’s licenses CDL A CDL B CDL C Please select the number of verifiable months you’ve been driving professionally using your Class A CDL within the last 3 years. Please Select...None1-5 Months6-11 Months1 Year2+ Years Each company we work with has specific experience requirements for their drivers. In order for you to receive the best possible offers, please make sure your answers above are accurate prior to submitting. Name Email Phone By checking this box and clicking the "Send me job offers" button below, I represent that I: 1. am 18+ years of age. 2. have read and agree to the TruckersReport Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 3. agree to receive email marketing from TruckersReport and its Truck Driving Job Partners. By checking this box and clicking the "Send me job offers" button below. I give my express consent authorizing TruckersReport and its Truck Driving Job Partners to contact me by telephone, which may include artificial or pre-recorded calls and/or text messages, delivered via automated technology to the phone number(s) that I have provided above (for which I am the primary user and subscriber), including wireless number(s), if applicable. I understand that my consent is not required to get job alerts. Send me job offers No, thanks