Home - Live Better, Longer - Blue Zones SIGN UP SUBSCRIBE TO THE FREE BLUE ZONES NEWSLETTER Shop Store Meal Planner Cooking Course Blue Zones Kitchen Blue Zones x Immunocologie Our Story Original Blue Zones Explorations Our Team History of Blue Zones Learn & Discover Articles Recipes Live Better, Longer What We Do News Shop Store Meal Planner Cooking Course Blue Zones Kitchen Blue Zones x Immunocologie Our Story Original Blue Zones Explorations Our Team History of Blue Zones Learn & Discover Articles Recipes Live Better, Longer What We Do News SIGN UP SUBSCRIBE TO THE FREE BLUE ZONES NEWSLETTER We Empower Everyone, Everywhere To LIVE BETTER, LONGERTM Transform your life Transform Your Workforce Transform Your Community Transform Your Campus Transform Your Workforce 325 B+ Media Impressions 75 + Communities 3.2 M+ Readers WHAT WE DO Blue Zones employs evidence-based solutions to help people live better, longer. Explorations and Research For over 20 years, our work has been rooted in the research and identification of the world’s longest-lived and happiest populations. Through our research of these extraordinary cultures of longevity, we have distilled their lessons for living long, vibrant lives into nine simple practices. KNOW MORE Transform Communities We work with cities and counties to make healthy choices easier where people live, work, learn, and play. Our innovative, environmental approach to well-being optimizes policy, urban design, food systems, and social networks. KNOW MORE OUR STORY Dan Buettner, Blue Zones founder, is an explorer, National Geographic Fellow, award-winning journalist and producer, and New York Times bestselling author. He identified the five original blue zones–the places in the world with the healthiest, longest-living populations, including Okinawa, Japan; Sardinia, Italy; Nicoya, Costa Rica; Ikaria, Greece; and Loma Linda, California. Ikaria, Greece Okinawa, Japan Nicoya, Costa Rica Sardinia, Italy Loma Linda, United States KNOW MORE TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE Apply our groundbreaking research from the world’s most extraordinary populations to your own life. Learn how to live better, longer with our articles, recipes, resources, and tools for transforming your well-being. Blue Zones Life Resources: Recipes Articles Tools Blue Zones Life Plan Retreats TRANSFORM YOUR COMMUNITY America’s Calling for Community Well-Being Since 2019, the life expectancy of Americans has fallen to the lowest level in nearly two decades. Our work to create healthier environments is foundational to changing the country’s culture of well-being, reducing healthcare costs, and improving workforce productivity. KNOW MORE Life Radius®: Making the Healthy Choice the Easy Choice Instead of focusing on just individual behavior change, Blue Zones helps communities make permanent and semi-permanent changes to the Life Radius – the area close to home where most Americans spend 90% of their lives. KNOW MORE WHAT WE DO We offer a variety of services to put the Blue Zones principles to work and help everyone, everywhere live better, longer. From community-wide well-being transformation projects to speaking engagements, worksite programs, the Blue Zones Cooking Course, Blue Zones Meal Planner, Blue Zones Kitchen frozen foods, retreats, and more–there are countless ways to work with our team to improve well-being in all the places you live, work, learn, and play. Interested in learning more about our service suite or getting in touch with our partnership team? KNOW MORE SHOP NOW Products Inspired by the World's Longest-Lived Cultures Common lifestyle factors made a significant impact on the life expectancies of centenarians in the blue zones. Our books, plant-based food products, and other goods found in the Blue Zones Store can help you incorporate some of these best-kept longevity secrets into your own life. Featured Collections Featured Products Apparel Nicoya Collection Morning Brews Hot Sauce Honey Herbal Tea Coffee Longevity Foods & Beverages Blue Zones Grocery List Tote Centenarios Coffee 100% Nicoya Dark Roast Ground 340G/12OZ Maya Nut with Spices Morning Brew 500g Raw Bee Honey 350g Tea Guava Leaf 20 U Box Tea Variety Pack 20 U Box Get the Blue Zones Meal Planner! Get the Newsletter Sign up for the BLUE ZONES® free weekly email where we bring you exclusive interviews, cutting-edge longevity news, and fresh tips for living better, longer. footer form mail* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Privacy Terms Blue Zones Brand Usage Guide Contact Us Social Responsibility Shop Now Our Story Work With Us What We Do Social links ©2024 Blue Zones. All rights reserved ™ We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsAcceptCloseManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT