Christian Science Monitor - CSMonitor.com Skip to main content Skip to main menu Skip to search Skip to footer Beyond fear, beyond anger. Real news, real hope.Discover the Monitor difference. Log in Log out Values Topics Regions About us Log in Account Subscribe Give a gift Search Subscribe: $11/Month Log in About us Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily Give a gift Log out Manage your account Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition Values Behind the News A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you. Explore News & Values About us Free newsletters Follow us: Explore Values Journalism Behind the news are values that drive people and nations. Explore them here. Compassion Cooperation Equality Hope Resilience Respect Responsibility Safety Transformation Trust More News & Values Recent Stories Resilience Amid Western aid cuts, Ukraine families wonder how they’ll get by Community The Japanese apartment tower that is combating loneliness Balance Unanimous court rebuttal to political animus See all News & Values stories Special project Can trust bring connection and hope in a divided world? Discover how through global news stories. Rebuilding trust News Economy Education Environment Foreign Policy Law & Courts Politics Science Security Society Culture Arts Food Movies Music Television The Home Forum In a Word Monitor Movie Guide All Culture Books Author Q&As Book Reviews Reader Recommendations All Books Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond A Christian Science Perspective From the Editors All Commentary More News Briefs Points of Progress People Making a Difference Photo Galleries Podcasts Monitor Breakfast Monitor Daily March 04, 2024 Covering President Biden Today we take a deep look at President Joe Biden, courtesy of Washington Bureau Chief Linda Feldmann, a seasoned observer of White House occupants.Linda was there to read the room recently when customers at a Black-owned barbershop in South Carolina found the president of the United States at their elbow during an impromptu visit. She’s talked with Mr. Biden while he chatted up the press on Air Force One. Those are just two of many encounters. “There’s no substitute for seeing a person up close,” Linda says. “You can look [a president] in the eye – and as famous, pilloried, or misrepresented as they may be, you connect with their humanity.”As we enter a kickoff week for the presidential race, it’s worth connecting with Linda’s profile of a president. Listen to or read today's issue Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East South & Central Asia USA All World Recent Stories Supreme Court’s ruling keeps Trump on state ballots. Then what? Amid Western aid cuts, Ukraine families wonder how they’ll get by The Japanese apartment tower that is combating loneliness Featured Coverage The Christian Science Monitor's coverage of the 2023 war between Hamas and Israel, and related articles. Connect with the stories War in the Middle East Values Behind the News A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you. Explore News & Values Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily The Christian Science Monitor The Christian Science Monitor is an international news organization offering calm, thoughtful, award-winning coverage for independent thinkers. We tackle difficult conversations and divisive issues–we don’t shy away from hard problems. But you’ll find in each Monitor news story qualities that can lead to solutions and unite us–qualities such as respect, resilience, hope, and fairness. About us Search Log out Manage your account Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition Joe Biden faces the test of a lifetime Resilience Amid Western aid cuts, Ukraine families wonder how they’ll get by Special Project Keep up with the many ways we’re finding trust in the world. Lights on, but trust off. Texas tries to rebuild confidence in grid. The Texas power grid is more reliable today than it was three years ago, when a massive winter power failure convulsed the state. But officials are finding that restoring trust is a demanding and long-term process. More trust stories See all Meet Sora: AI-created videos test public trust French cinema has a sexual abuse problem. Why is it persisting? Supreme Court’s ruling keeps Trump on state ballots. Then what? Equality In the wake of teen’s death, why LGBTQ+ Oklahomans say they stay On California ballot: Housing’s role in addressing mental illness Transformation ‘Expecting goodness to prevail,’ journalists clean up Poland’s state media Creativity ‘American Fiction,’ Black culture, and the nature of joy Community The Japanese apartment tower that is combating loneliness Get stories that empower and uplift daily. See our other FREE newsletters. Your email address By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads. Select free newsletters: The Weekender A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website. Every Saturday Announcements Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events. Occasional Today's Highlights Select stories from the Monitor that empower and uplift. Every Weekday Politics An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week. Twice a Week Science & Nature Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs. Every Tuesday Commentary A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events. Every Thursday Books Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends. Every Friday Culture & Learning A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions. Every Thursday Christian Science Perspective The three most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective. Every Monday Close × More Headlines Moscow plans its own mini-Olympics. Will Russians be satisfied? First Look Outlawed from street protests, Ugandans go viral to expose corruption First Look John Kerry worked to restore US climate leadership. Was it enough? First Look EU slaps Apple with nearly $2 billion fine over streaming service In Gaza, is Palestinian history repeating itself? First Look Russia is on a quest to divide US voters. This time it’s immigration. Perspectives Balance Unanimous court rebuttal to political animus Readers write: Looking for the good Forgiveness ‘Healing spaces’ in post-conflict societies Balance The oyster is your world The unexpected bounty of winter gardening A Christian Science Perspective Let Love shape your view Arts and Culture Creativity Preserving culture, one textile at a time An indie publisher finds its future – with a public library The 10 best books of February reckon with the past – and present Creativity The actor and the ironing board: An unlikely lesson in improvisation Movie Review ‘Dune: Part Two’: Sandworms, slick villains, and a would-be savior Book Review Scoundrels, as well as heroes, shaped America’s founding Readers' Picks Equality In the wake of teen’s death, why LGBTQ+ Oklahomans say they stay Courage Robert Smalls lived an action-hero life. Why isn’t he a household name? Trust Meet Sora: AI-created videos test public trust Responsibility Too many California kids can’t read. Phonics alone may not be the fix. Innovation US back on moon, with difficult landing for first private-sector craft Trust Lights on, but trust off. Texas tries to rebuild confidence in grid. Readers' Picks Joe Biden faces the test of a lifetime Safety Honor killings: What would it take to keep women safe in Pakistan? Supreme Court’s ruling keeps Trump on state ballots. Then what? President Lincoln has long provided wisdom. What can he offer today? Let Love shape your view The blind men and the elephant Special Projects Special Project Rebuilding trust Can trust bring connection and hope to help us find common ground in a divided world? Without trust, suspicion begets friction, division, and immobility. Today, too many realms are seeing trust deficits grow: between citizens, across racial lines, in government. This special project explores through global news stories how polarized parties are navigating times of mistrust and how we can learn to build trust in each other. Special Series The Climate Generation: Born into crisis, building solutions Climate change is shaping a mindset revolution—powerfully driving innovation and progress. And young people are leading the transformation. This special series focuses on the roles of those born since 1989, when recognition of children's rights and the spike of global temperatures began to intersect. The stories include vivid Monitor photography, and are written from Indigenous Northern Canada, Bangladesh, Namibia, Barbados, and the United States. Multimedia The Climate Generation - Born into Crisis, Building Solutions The Climate Generation - Born into Crisis, Building Solutions The Christian Science Monitor produced this live panel discussion about its recent series on climate ideas from a generation born since 1989 – “the climate generation.” Miyawaki: a little forest with a towering task Miyawaki: a little forest with a towering task A Japanese method of planting fast-growing native forests is spreading worldwide. In the U.S., it has brought “grounded hope” to one of its practitioners, and nurtured a sense of community around its sites. Monitor Breakfast with Shalanda Young Monitor Breakfast with Shalanda Young Shalanda Young, director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, discussed government funding and other topics at a news conference hosted by the Monitor. Women in ‘deconstruction’ harvest value, and help one another Women in ‘deconstruction’ harvest value, and help one another This team disassembles buildings that need to be razed, reclaiming quality materials – and advancing women and gender minorities in a long-exclusionary field. Two ways to subscribe Monitor Daily Digital $11/mo Subscription benefits include: Unlimited Access to CSMonitor.com and the Monitor Daily web version. The Monitor Daily email. No advertising. No risk. You may cancel anytime. Or About the Monitor Daily. Monitor Weekly + Daily Print + Digital $15 /mo Subscription benefits include: All Daily digital benefits. Plus: The Weekly print news magazine delivered to your home. BEST DEAL! About the Monitor. Subscribe Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads. Get stories that empower and uplift daily. See our other FREE newsletters. Your email address By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads. Select free newsletters: The Weekender A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website. Every Saturday Announcements Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events. Occasional Today's Highlights Select stories from the Monitor that empower and uplift. Every Weekday Politics An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week. Twice a Week Science & Nature Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs. Every Tuesday Commentary A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events. Every Thursday Books Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends. Every Friday Culture & Learning A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions. Every Thursday Christian Science Perspective The three most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective. Every Monday Close × ISSN 2573-3850 (online) Follow us: About Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift Subscription Support Monitor Journalism Free Newsletters Careers Social Media Community Connect Content Map Text Edition RSS Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © 1980–2024 The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms. Privacy Policy. Cookies Settings This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Close