Chicago Sun-Times: Chicago news, sports, politics, entertainment clock CST_ The Hardest-Working Paper in America | Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Subscriber | Log out | Manage Account Log In | Get Home Delivery Donate Menu News Elections Voter Guide Crime Politics Metro/State Money Immigration The Watchdogs Education Health LGBTQIA+ Transportation Environment La Voz Sports Bears High School Sports Outdoors Cubs White Sox Sky / WNBA Bulls Blackhawks College Sports Fire / Red Stars Wolves Golf Sports Media NASCAR Sports Saturday Politics Elections Voter Guide Candidate Questionnaires City Hall Fran Spielman Show Washington At the Table Springfield City Council Directory PolitiFact Democracy Solutions Project Commentary Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Other Views Life & Culture Horoscopes Dear Abby Movies and TV Things To Do Someone In Chicago Starting Over with Mary Mitchell Murals and Mosaics Tattoo Art Series Taste Music Theater Well Chicago History Chicago-pedia Books Obituaries View Death Notices Place a Death Notice Classifieds View Death Notices Place a Death Notice View Classified Ads Place a Classified Ad Find a Job Post a Job Opening View Small Business Ad Place Small Business Ad View Legal Notices Place a Legal Notice E-Paper More Get Home Delivery Manage home delivery account Newsletters About Us Obituaries Events Podcasts En Español Sun-Times Archives Photo Archive Contact the Sun-Times Manage TV Weekly account Right to be Forgotten Work With Us Back issues & photo reprints Donate Your Car twitter facebook youtube instagram News Elections Voter Guide Crime Politics Metro/State Money Immigration The Watchdogs Education Health LGBTQIA+ Transportation Environment La Voz Sports Bears High School Sports Outdoors Cubs White Sox Sky / WNBA Bulls Blackhawks College Sports Fire / Red Stars Wolves Golf Sports Media NASCAR Sports Saturday Politics Elections Voter Guide Candidate Questionnaires City Hall Fran Spielman Show Washington At the Table Springfield City Council Directory PolitiFact Democracy Solutions Project Commentary Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Other Views Life & Culture Horoscopes Dear Abby Movies and TV Things To Do Someone In Chicago Starting Over with Mary Mitchell Murals and Mosaics Tattoo Art Series Taste Music Theater Well Chicago History Chicago-pedia Books Obituaries View Death Notices Place a Death Notice Classifieds View Death Notices Place a Death Notice View Classified Ads Place a Classified Ad Find a Job Post a Job Opening View Small Business Ad Place Small Business Ad View Legal Notices Place a Legal Notice E-Paper More Get Home Delivery Manage home delivery account Newsletters About Us Obituaries Events Podcasts En Español Sun-Times Archives Photo Archive Contact the Sun-Times Manage TV Weekly account Right to be Forgotten Work With Us Back issues & photo reprints Donate Your Car twitter facebook youtube instagram Show Search Search Query Search Politics Senate backs Mayor Johnson and CTU-backed plan to elect 10 city school board members this November The 37-20 Senate passage of the plan, backed by Mayor Brandon Johnson and the Chicago Teachers Union, came after the mayor sent Illinois Senate President Don Harmon a letter last month to urge support for the election of the 10 seats this year. But divisions to the plan were on full display, including accusations that the CTU would be handpicking the seats. By Tina Sfondeles USA vs. Timothy Mapes Powerbrokers, political insiders asked judge to go easy on convicted top aide to Michael Madigan Timothy Mapes was sentenced to 2½ years in prison for lying to a grand jury. Now we know who wrote letters to the judge on his behalf. By Dave McKinney City Hall Bears should think big on lakefront domed stadium, state lawmaker says College Sports Purdue, Illinois set for monster meeting Tuesday night Personal Finance $56K for a wedding? It’s the average cost in Chicago — but not for these creative couples Transportation CTA bus driver, passenger rescue 14 residents from burning South Shore homes Commentary The opinions in and around Chicago that inform, analyze, hold power accountable and entertain. Read More Rick Telander Sports columnist Farewell to my old friend Ryan Field; hello to the new reality of college football Sarah Stonbely If you live in a lower-income or rural area, you’re probably in a news desert Ismael Pérez Columnist, audience specialist Someone in Chicago wants you to watch out for blind people CST Editorial Board Don’t throw out those lithium-ion batteries in your household trash Politics Entertainment and Culture Cultural affairs leadership at City Hall in flux as Chicago festival season looms First deputy commissioner Jennifer Johnson Washington temporarily will fill role of departing commissioner Erin Harkey at Chicago’s Cultural Affairs Department. By Courtney Kueppers | WBEZ and Mitch Dudek Abortion First over-the-counter birth control pill in the U.S. begins shipping to stores Elections Early and ‘optimistic': Turnout surge predicted as early voting spreads to more than 100 Cook County sites Elections Supreme Court ruling keeps Trump on Illinois ballot Education CPS parents rally in the Loop seeking improved special education programs Voter Guide 2024 Candidate questionnaires Latest election news How to vote in the March 19 primary Sports Bears Bears giving CB Jaylon Johnson the franchise tag The Bears decided to give Johnson the franchise tag Tuesday, ensuring the cornerback will return for at least one more season and keeping the negotiating window open for a contract extension. By Patrick Finley College Sports Purdue, Illinois set for monster meeting Tuesday night Bulls The Coby White Show? Just don’t ask the Bulls guard anything about it White Sox Closing has nice ring to it for White Sox prospect Jordan Leasure MLB Red Sox pitcher Lucas Giolito could be out for 2024 season Entertainment and culture Movies and TV ‘The Gentlemen': Privileged Brits are peddling pot in Guy Ritchie’s darkly funny series Based on the 2020 film, violent Netflix show stars Theo James as a newcomer to England’s upper-class weed wars. By Richard Roeper Entertainment and Culture Montreal’s ‘Just for Laughs’ comedy festival cancels 2024 event, seeking to avoid bankruptcy Movies and TV ‘The Program,’ riveting Netflix doc, goes inside troubled-teen academy that treated students like prisoners Entertainment and Culture Cultural affairs leadership at City Hall in flux as Chicago festival season looms Taste Parachute restaurant going on ‘hiatus’ after 10 years All latest stories Bears Gene Schroeder, oldest living Chicago Bear, says team needs new stadium, is ‘only going to get better’ Schroeder, who played for the Bears from 1951-1957, turned 95 over the weekend. By Mohammad Samra Personal Finance Biden administration would cap credit card late fees at $8, part of campaign against junk fees The new regulations would would bring the average credit card late fee down from $32. By Ken Sweet | AP and Josh Boak | AP Cubs Injury update: Cubs’ Patrick Wisdom has one more hurdle to clear before returning Wisdom hit in a simulated game on the Cubs complex backfields on Tuesday. By Maddie Lee Crime Feds say they arrested migrant with alleged cartel ties but there’s no record of charges The U.S. Marshals Service announced the arrest of a 29-year-old Venezuelan man in a news release that was taken offline after the Sun-Times raised questions. By Matthew Hendrickson MLB A’s new Las Vegas stadium would resemble Sydney Opera House The A’s hope to move into that 33,000-seat domed stadium in 2028, depending mostly on the construction timeline. By Associated Press Crime Jury begins deliberations in shooting that killed Chicago Police Officer Ella French, wounded partner Jurors began deliberating just a week after prosecutors began their case against Emonte Morgan, 23, with often graphic video from cameras worn by French and Officer Carlos Yanez during a traffic stop in West Englewood in 2021. Education City Colleges brings back South Side nursing school A new facility in Washington Park will return health care training to an area that lost it years ago. By David Struett Columnists What color is a trusted face? Some Chicago police officers are upset that CPD video promoting upcoming sergeant’s exam leaves out a certain category of cop. By Neil Steinberg Other Views Illinois is fighting for safer food. Don’t let food manufacturers derail the effort. The Food and Drug Administration doesn’t reevaluate the safety of food chemicals once they’re on the market. Until the FDA begins taking action, states should step up and protect their consumers from these toxic food chemicals. Don’t believe food companies that say there are not safer alternatives, a former food industry executive writes. Outdoors Chicago fishing: Turn to spring fishing, Braidwood opener and a mudpuppy lure The plethora of reports and photos this week are good indications of spring fishing being here and lead this truly sprawling raw-file Midwest Fishing Report. By Dale Bowman College Sports Dartmouth men’s basketball team votes to join union In an election supervised by the National Labor Relations Board in the school’s Human Resources offices, the players voted 13-2 to join Service Employees International Union Local 560, which already represents some Dartmouth workers. By Associated Press Technology Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads logins restored after widespread outage A technical issue had caused widespread login issues for more than an hour across Meta’s Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms on Tuesday. By Associated Press Letters to the Editor Drivers pay car insurance based on their crash risk. That’s fair. Insurance companies consider some personal characteristics in pricing auto insurance, such as age, marital status, gender and credit score, because these factors provide a more accurate assessment of risk. By Letters to the Editor Health Lurie restores electronic medical records system after cybersecurity threat, MyChart remains down The children’s hospital took all its phone, email and electronic systems offline Jan. 31 after a “criminal threat,” but it hasn’t revealed what the threat was. The hospital is open. By Kaitlin Washburn Israel-Hamas War UN envoy says ‘reasonable grounds’ to believe Hamas committed sexual violence in Oct. 7 attack The Oct. 7 Hamas attacks left about 1,200 people dead. About 250 others were taken hostage. Israel’s war against Hamas has since laid waste to the Gaza Strip, killing more than 30,000 people, according to Gaza’s Health Ministry. By Associated Press Taste Blackened salmon paired with mango salsa is a winning combination Blackened seasoning is a laundry list of dry spices that packs flavor into a rub for fish and meat. Crime Man fatally shot in Austin The man, 28, was dropped off at West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, where he was pronounced dead. By Sun-Times Wire Other Views Going electric in new buildings is a matter of environmental justice Burning gas in our homes for heating and cooking poses significant health risks, especially for Black and brown communities, a Chicago pastor writes. By Scott Onqué Dear Abby Dear Abby: Morning calls from his ailing mother upset my husband The daily conversations cause him pain that is affecting life for his wife, and even his dog. By Abigail Van Buren Outdoors An unmatched pair of big shed antlers found in McHenry County Bob Jeffries found two unmatched shed antlers while out scouting. By Dale Bowman Bulls New Bulls enforcer? Nah, just Ayo Dosunmu being Chicago in a Bulls win It’s been quite the week for Dosunmu, as he showed off his voice in huddles, his forearm strength on Patrick Beverley, and in the Monday win over the Kings, kept the Bulls afloat in what could have been a sinking first half. By Joe Cowley Horoscopes Horoscope for Tuesday, March 5, 2024 By Georgia Nicols Blackhawks Blackhawks shut out by Avalanche again as Caleb Jones bests brother Caleb Jones, who has landed in Colorado as a depth defenseman, came out on top in his first NHL matchup against Seth Jones as the Avalanche beat the Hawks 5-0 for the second time in a week. By Ben Pope High School Basketball Phillips beats undefeated Beecher, advances to state for the first time in 47 years The Wildcats meet Williamsville (25-9) in the 2A semifinals at 2 p.m. Thursday at State Farm Center in Champaign. By Mike Clark Weather Chicago just misses record-high temperature as it celebrates its 187th birthday O’Hare recorded a high of 72 degrees Monday, one degree shy of the record set in 1983, according to National Weather Service meteorologist Rafal Ogorek. Rockford broke its March 4 record of 71 degrees in 1983, with a high of 75. By Violet Miller High School Basketball Homewood-Flossmoor surges back in the fourth quarter to beat Curie and secure a place in Champaign Homewood-Flossmoor and Curie have been the two best teams in the state for the entire season. The highly-anticipated matchup brought a large crowd to UIC and the teams did not disappoint. By Michael O’Brien Bulls Bulls looking to upsize on West Coast trip with Torrey Craig’s return The versatile forward has been sidelined since the All-Star break with a sprained right knee, but he showed significant signs Monday of returning sooner than later. By Joe Cowley Bears Bears trade 2024 5th-round draft pick for Bills OL Ryan Bates GM Ryan Poles originally tried to acquire Bates as an unrestricted free agent two years ago, but the Bills matched the Bears’ offer sheet. By Jason Lieser White Sox White Sox’ Michael Soroka pleased with first outing of spring Soroka threw two innings of one-run ball Monday against the Diamondbacks. By Daryl Van Schouwen More Stories About Us Get Home Delivery Work With Us Media Kit Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Terms of Sale © 2024 Chicago Sun-Times Media, Inc.