CHEQ | The Leader in Go-to-Market Security Company Company About us Technology Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Trust Press Offices Tel-Aviv 23 Yehuda HaLevi Street, Tel Aviv 65136 New York 22 W 19th Street, New York, NY 10011 Tokyo 1-5-1 Marunouchi, 10F Chiyoda-ku 100-6590 London One Kingdom Street Paddington Central, W2 6BD Miami 846 NE 191 Street, Miami, FL 33179 GTMSec Threats Web scrapers Account takeovers Lead gen fraud User hijacking Carding attacks Chargeback fraud Scalper fraud Resource draining Affiliate fraud Click fraud New account fraud Abandonment fraud Platform Platform Overview Demo How will you use CHEQ? Marketing Leader Paid Marketing Leader Data & BI Leader eCommerce Leader Affiliate Leader SEO Leader Solutions Solutions On-Site Security Secure your website, forms, and digital assets by detecting, managing, and blocking bot-driven activity. Marketing Intelligence Security Expose the impact of invalid traffic on your go-to-market initiatives. Customer Acquisition Security Protect your paid marketing investments by eliminating bots and invalid users. Privacy Compliance Enforcement Safeguard your privacy compliance by ensuring user preferences are enforced. CHEQ Essentials Self-serve protection for your ads & websites against invalid traffic. Resources Resources Blog Glossary Research Certification All Resources Latest Reports The Comprehensive Guide to US Privacy Law for 2023 Navigate the complexities of US privacy law with our new ebook. GET THE REPORT 日本語 Login CHEQ CHEQ Essentials Ensighten by CHEQ Book a demo The leader in Go-to-Market Security. Secure your data and analytics, on-site conversion and paid marketing from bots, fake traffic and malicious users, with the leading Go-to-Market Security platform. Book a Demo Trusted by over 15,000 customers worldwide. our customers Invalid traffic (IVT) is disrupting your Go-to-Market efforts 40% of all web traffic is made up of bots and invalid users. This affects Go-to-Market efforts by hurting marketing efficiency, disrupting on-site conversion efforts and skewing data and analytics. Learn More Lost Revenue Opportunities Invalid traffic diverts spend away from real visitors who can actually convert to paying customers. learn more Disrupted Conversion Efforts Invalid traffic hurts your on-site conversion efforts, generating bad leads and hurting funnel metrics. learn more Skewed Data & Analytics Invalid traffic skews your marketing data and analytics, hurting visibility, measurement and decision making. learn more CHEQ is bringing you the first cybersecurity platform designed for marketers, providing the most accurate and robust GTMS solution in the market. watch the video Powered by over 2,000 real-time cybersecurity tests our tech Trusted by the world's leading organizations Once we rerouted our spend towards valid users, we saw the quality of our traffic and leads go up considerably. Alex Schutte, Digital Marketing Director 50% Increase in inbound paid marketing qualified leads CHEQ was easy to implement, drove meaningful value and was paying for itself within months. Tom Hammond, Director of Commerce 18% Decrease in CPA for agency eCommerce customer Spending hours looking at site visits that don’t make sense isn’t scalable. We needed CHEQ for this. Nick Altman, Account Director 95% Decrease in invalid traffic for agency retail customer Learn more about the effects of IVT Discover how bots and fake users can impact entire marketing teams and beyond. Get the report Ready to secure your Go-to-Market efforts? Get Started InfoAbout Us GTMSec Technology Careers Press Partners Customers Contact Us ProductPlatform Marketing Intelligence Security On-Site Security Customer Acquisition Security Privacy & Compliance CHEQ Essentials Clickcease Support ResourcesAll Resources Blog Glossary Research CHEQ Data Processing Agreement Privacy Policy Trust Terms of Service Cookie Policy Offices Tel-Aviv 23 Yehuda HaLevi Street Tel Aviv 65136 New York 22 W 19th Street New York, NY 10011 Tokyo 1-5-1 Marunouchi, 10F Chiyoda-ku 100-6590 London One Kingdom Street Paddington Central, W2 6BD Miami 846 NE 191 Street Miami, FL 33179 Follow Us © 2024 CHEQ AI Technologies Ltd. Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility