Enabling Seamless and Secure Payments Worldwide | EMVCo About EMVCo News Technical Resources Trademark Centre Knowledge Hub Contact EMVCo Open/Close Search Menu EMVCo Login Close Search Bar Why EMV®? EMV® Technologies EMV® Specifications Approved & Registered Industry Collaboration Open/Close Burger Menu Overview Approved/Evaluated Products Products that are approved and/ or evaluated as meeting EMV Specifications Service Providers EMVCo accredited and qualified service providers Registered IDs Identifiers for designated payment systems and providers Processes Supporting processes and forms For Review Public review Associate review All Specifications By Technology Contact Contactless Mobile Payment Tokenisation QR Secure Remote Commerce 3-D Secure By Type Draft Specification Draft Specification Bulletins Specifications Specification Bulletins General Bulletin What are EMV® Specifications? EMV® Specifications are technical requirements for designing payment products to work seamlessly and securely everywhere. Overview EMV® Contact Chip EMV Contact Chip supports seamless and secure in-store payments and helps prevent card fraud. EMV® Contactless Chip EMV Contactless Chip supports seamless and secure transactions made with contactless chip cards and NFC enabled mobile devices. EMV® Mobile EMV Mobile supports the growing use of mobile devices for secure and convenient payments. EMV® Payment Tokenisation EMV Payment Tokenisation replaces valuable card data with payment tokens to increase the security of mobile and e-commerce transactions. EMV® QR Codes EMV QR Codes support consistent, efficient and convenient QR code payments. EMV® Secure Remote Commerce EMV SRC simplifies e-commerce checkout to make the payment process quicker, easier and more secure. EMV® 3-D Secure EMV 3DS allows seamless authentication of consumers to prevent card-not-present (CNP) fraud and increase the security of e-commerce payments. Overview EMVCo Associates & Subscribers Participating organisations Industry Partners & Liaisons Technical bodies and associations Ways to Participate Participation options Events EMVCo and industry events EMVCo Login Why EMV®? EMV® Technologies Overview EMV® Contact Chip EMV® Contactless Chip EMV® Mobile EMV® Payment Tokenisation EMV® QR Codes EMV® Secure Remote Commerce EMV® 3-D Secure EMV® Specifications View all specifications What are EMV® Specifications? Approved & Registered Overview Approved/Evaluated Products Service Providers Registered IDs Processes Industry Collaboration Overview EMVCo Associates & Subscribers Industry Partners & Liaisons Ways to Participate Events About EMVCo News Technical Resources Trademark Centre Knowledge Hub Contact EMVCo Enabling Seamless and Secure Payments Worldwide EMVCo creates and manages EMV® Specifications and programmes that enable seamless and secure card-based payments for businesses and consumers worldwide. Learn more The EMVCo Annual Report 2023 is now available. Learn more We are EMVCo EMVCo collaborates with the payments industry Hundreds of banks, merchants, technology providers and other industry stakeholders contribute to the development of EMV Specifications and programmes. To develop technical specifications and programmes Industry stakeholders use EMV Specifications to develop payment products and solutions they can trust to work seamlessly and securely worldwide. That support the delivery of reliable and convenient payments globally Consumers and businesses benefit from EMV Specifications every day by being able to make trusted and reliable card-based payments wherever they are in the world. What are you looking for today? Recent specifications EMV Specifications are technical requirements used to develop card-based payment products that will work seamlessly and securely worldwide. Submit product for testing and evaluation EMVCo facilitates testing and evaluation of products for compliance with EMV Specifications. Find a laboratory EMVCo accredits independent laboratories to test and evaluate products for compliance with EMV Specifications. Find approved and evaluated products EMVCo lists products that are approved and/or evaluated as meeting EMV Specifications. How do I get in touch? Technical questions can be submitted to EMVCo through the Query Form. Who is EMVCo? EMVCo is a global technical body responsible for the creation and management of EMV Specifications and programmes. Upcoming Events View all Mar 5 2024 Board of Advisors Meeting March 2024 Melbourne, Australia Mar 5 2024 Virtual Attendance: Board of Advisors Meeting March 2024 Virtual Apr 16 2024 Technical Meeting April 2024 Scottsdale, United States Related EMV® Insights View all articles EMV® Insights Annual Report 2023: Enhancing EMV® Technologies to Supporting Emerging Payments by Carey Ferro | 30 Jan 2024 EMV® Insights Highlights from the EMVCo Barcelona Technical Meeting by Arman Aygen | 26 Jan 2024 EMV® Insights Remote Fraud and EMV® Technologies by Oliver Manahan | 28 Sep 2023 Why EMV? Millions of card-based payments are made and accepted daily. Whatever you are buying, wherever you are in the world, you expect your payment card to work. In-store, online or remote, the process needs to be familiar, convenient and reliable. EMVCo helps make this possible. Learn more EMV® Technologies EMV Technologies are the suite of payment technologies that EMV Specifications and programmes support. Industry stakeholders use EMV Specifications to design payment products and solutions they can trust to work seamlessly and securely everywhere. This is important to the delivery of safe and reliable payments that merchants, businesses and consumers expect globally. Learn more Get involved Interested in collaborating with EMVCo? Ways to participate More than a hundred organisations – including merchants, issuers, acquirers, payment networks, financial institutions, manufacturers, technology providers and testing laboratories – contribute their knowledge and expertise to the development of EMV Specifications. Associate EMVCo Associates can contribute their knowledge and expertise to shape the development of EMV Specifications. Learn more Subscriber EMVCo Subscribers can receive notice of pending EMV Specification developments and participate in a formal dialogue with EMVCo. Learn more Public All industry participants can review and provide comments on new EMV Specifications and major updates before final publication. Learn more Newsletter Subscribe Follow us EMV® Technologies EMV® Contact Chip EMV® Contactless Chip EMV® Mobile EMV® Payment Tokenisation EMV® QR Codes EMV® Secure Remote Commerce EMV® 3-D Secure Specifications Contact Contactless Mobile Payment Tokenisation QR Codes Secure Remote Commerce 3-D Secure Resources Approved/Evaluated Products Service Providers Registered IDs Processes Knowledge Hub Industry Collaboration EMVCo Associates & Subscribers Industry Partners & Liaisons Ways to Participate Events Antitrust Policy Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Sitemap Cookie Settings EMV® is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries and an unregistered trademark elsewhere. The EMV trademark is owned by EMVCo, LLC. © Copyright 2024 EMVCo Close Login Modal EMVCo Login EMVCo's new website and Participant Dashboard are now live. To access your account for the first time on our new website you'll need to carry out a password reset here. You will then be sent an email to reset your password. Email Password Lost your password? Log In Don't have an account? EMVCo Associates, Subscribers and public users of emvco.com can create accounts to manage their engagement and participation with EMVCo. Using your EMVCo account, you can create your own watchlist of EMV technologies documents, monitor queries and responses, and manage your profile. Ways to participate