Explore the World's Protected Areas Discover the world’s protected and conserved areas Protected Planet is the most up to date and complete source of data on protected areas and other effective area-based conservation measures (OECMs), updated monthly with submissions from governments, non-governmental organizations, landowners and communities. Explore protected areas and OECMs % Global coverage of protected areas and OECMs 16.1% 275,496: Protected Areas Terrestrial and inland waters protected area coverage 8.19% 18,208: Protected Areas Marine protected area coverage 17.28% 275,496: Protected Areas 660: OECMs Terrestrial and inland waters protected area & OECM coverage 8.3% 18,208: Protected Areas 196: OECMs Marine protected area & OECM coverage Statistics updated: Mar 2024 Download latest global statistics Explore Protected Areas and OECMs by... Regional level Country level Individual Area Marine Protected Areas and OECMs Terrestrial and Inland Waters Protected Areas and OECMs Green Listed Protected Areas and OECMs Explore All Thematic Areas 293,701 Protected Areas Protected Areas (WDPA) The World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA) is the most comprehensive global database on terrestrial and marine protected areas. 19,707 Protected Areas Management Effectiveness (PAME) Comprising many thousands of assessments of how well a protected area is being managed – primarily the extent to which it is protecting values and achieving goals and objectives. 854 OECMs Other Effective Area-Based Conservation Measures (WDOECM) OECMs complement protected areas through sustained, positive conservation outcomes, even though they may be managed primarily for other reasons. They are documented in the World Database on OECMs. Territories and areas conserved by indigenous peoples and local communities (ICCAs) The ICCA Registry website is an online information platform for territories and areas conserved by indigenous peoples and local communities (ICCAs), where communities themselves provide data, case studies, maps, photos and stories. 128 Protected Areas The IUCN Green List of Protected and Conserved Areas The IUCN Green List is a new global standard for protected areas. The list recognises success in achieving conservation outcomes and measures progress in effective management of protected areas. Connectivity Beyond protected and conserved areas what is the contribution of ecological corridors to achieving global conservation goals? Equitable Governance Equity relates to how fairly a protected area is governed: who has a say in decisions, how decisions are taken, and how the costs and benefits are shared. 18,449 Protected Areas Marine Protected Areas Over 70% of the surface of Earth is ocean, comprised of highly diverse ecosystems, and providing a wide range of marine ecosystem services that support human society, health and the economy. This website presents the most recent official coverage statistics for marine protected areas. An API to access the worlds' protected areas If you know you need an API to access the World's protected areas, or want to find our more information, please view the API page. API Access Key Resources View all News & Stories View all Protected Planet Report 2020 Tracking progress towards global targets for protected and conserved areas Explore Report Explore Resources OECMs WDPA General Info About Legal Follow us Get in touch [email protected] ©ProtectedPlanet 2014-2024. All rights reserved