Activeeon | Job Scheduling, IT Orchestration, Workload Automation English English French Contact us Login TRY Products Products Don't waste another minute with repetitive tasks and focus on improving your IT business! Use ActiveEon, award winning SOAP software & ML data pipeline automation. ProActive Workflows & Scheduling Drive efficiency, reduce costs and automate operations from simple tasks to complex processes. ProActive AI Orchestration Industrialize your processes, accelerate the AI deployment and improve your AI success rate. Features Products Updates Discover all new features, expansions, and hot fixes as released in the products' latest versions. ActiveEon Connectors Orchestrate automation across all ERP, ITSM, ETL/ELT, and across your hydrid environment. Why ActiveEon is Better & Faster ActiveEon provides the most advantageous, efficient and fastest solutions. Solutions Solutions Service Orchestration & Automation Platforms Powerful and easy workflow management software for IT automation. Workload Automation Automatically execute IT and business processes on hybrid cloud and on-premises resources, provide self-service portal and reduce support cost. Hybrid IT Enabler Maintain a centralized approach to IT governance while exploiting the benefits of cloud computing. Intensive Computing Combine grid computing, parallel computing, and distributed system to outperform your existing results. IT Automation Enable process automation across your entire enterprise and hybrid cloud infrastructure. AI Industrialization Minimize the complexity of AI with repeatable & scalable machine learning life-cycle. AI Orchestration Industrialize your processes, accelerate the AI deployment and improve your AI success rate. MLOps Provides a center of excellence for the production of your AI models. Solutions by Industry Higher Education & AI Use your existing ICT infrastructure and improve AI/ML delivery with ActiveEon. Services Services Migration services We provide the most reliable tools to make sure you benefit from a smooth and successful migration that matches your needs and gives you a competitive edge. ActiveEon Smart Migration Process Learn more about how to easily switch from your old legacy automation solution to ActiveEon. Migrate from Dollar Universe Find out how ActiveEon can help you migrate from Dollar Universe and advantageously improve your process automation. Alternative to Automic You might consider replacing Broadcom Automic with a more modern automation tool. Factors such as cost or support for customization could drive a decision to switch to a different solution. Alternative to Airflow While Apache Airflow is a popular and feature-rich software, users may have specific needs that may not be adequately addressed by the tool. Saas Delivery Discover our dedicated SaaS platform for Job Scheduling and Machine Learning. Developers Developers Documentation Take a look at our documentation to understand the technical aspects of our Workflows & Scheduling and Machine Learning solutions. Training Videos Learn how to use our ProActive Workflows & Scheduling and ProActive AI Orchestration in 5 training sessions. Community Join our dynamic and supportive community! Resources Resources Blog Learn more about workload orchestration, job scheduling, IT automation and machine learning! Use Cases Explore our use cases and see how we can help your business. Testimonials Discover our customers and references. Whitepapers Download our whitepapers and get free expert insights! Videos Browse our video library to watch testimonials, demos, use cases and more! Tutorials Learn to use our solutions step-by-step. Company Company ActiveEon is the new automation solution of choice. Learn about who we are and what we stand for. About Us ActiveEon displaces legacy solutions in worklflow automation by designing state-of-the-art software solutions. See more about our company vision and values. News Explore our latest news, events, press releases, webinars and more! Locations See where we're located. Careers We believe that great companies are made of great people. Join our international team and become part of a fast-growing and innovative company! Contact Us Get in touch if you have any question, concern or ideas to share with us! How do we compare to our competition? Get information about our competitors and our migration tools. Job scheduling, IT orchestration & workload automation solutions Workflow scheduling on-premise and in the cloud Try for free now ActiveEon recognized by Gartner: Service Orchestration and Automation Platforms (SOAPs) 2023 Market Guide Read the press release Data Science & Machine Learning Engineering Platforms May 2022 Market Guide Read the press release Workflows and pipelines are critical for your digital transformation Activeeon provides comprehensive resilient workflows and pipelines at scale Modernize Workload Automation Job scheduling & automation Succeed with AI Models in Production AI Orchestration & MLOps Providing job scheduling and workload automation solutions to companies worldwide Hybrid Workload Automation Orchestrate & ScheduleWorkloads With a single point of control, manage and control all processes and get rid of silos with a unified, cross-platform automation solution. Embrace Hybrid & Multi-Cloud With more and more complex architecture, manage the workloads on all available resources and setup elastic policies. A Platform For Scalability & Growth A robust platform to build upon and support any business needs and load with a powerful and open automation system. Govern & Control Stay in control and empower users with built-in features for error management, notifications, docker support, ease operations, etc. Automate with Workflows Focus on the business needs and express it with a flexible workflow definition. Build faster with built-in error management, file handling, connectors, etc. Get in touch Contact us Request demo “Now, thanks to ProActive and additional optimizations we made along the way with Azure, the batch time which previously was taking us 18 hours, is now down to 5 hours, and by the end of the year, my hope and expectation is to go definitely below 4 hours and possibly less by having more grid hosts and more capacity.” Guido Imperiale, Lead Integration Engineer at Legal & General Job Scheduling Automation Automate, schedule at scale workloads on any infrastructure Automate and schedule jobs, tasks and workloads reliably on any infrastructure and at scale Provide a flexible solution for business users to distribute and parallelize heavy workloads on large infrastructure and leverage hybrid and multi-cloud opportunities Ease the management and governance of large production environments with thousands of scripts, ETL jobs and integrate within any environment with an open and API first platform Learn more AI Automation Deploy, automate and scale machine learning workflows Make deployments and scaling of machine learning (ML) workflows on any infrastructure simple, portable and scalable Provide a straightforward way to deploy open-source systems for ML to diverse infrastructures (local, hybrid, multi-cloud) Provide a pipeline solution to enable automation within the Machine Learning dev lifecycle Learn more Download free trial version Our latest use cases Benefits of Migrating from Jams Scheduler to ActiveEon Orchestrator The replacement of Jams Scheduler (Help Systems) enables to considerably optimize the management of the infrastructure, reduce the number of orchestrated IT workflows, as well as improve the efficiency and modularity of the IT management. learn more [MetaGenoPolis] Microbiome analytics orchestration Our microbiota is a key actor between food and our body and a major actor in well-being, health and desease learn more [INRAE] Big Data HPC for Health Discovery Distributed R environment for quantitative metagenomics platform and statistical analysis. learn more More resources Customer Testimonials “Activeeon won a CREOS call for tenders at the end of 2019 for a scheduling solution for IT technical workflows. There were initially 8 international competitors. We particularly appreciated the user-friendliness and modernity of the user interfaces, the expressiveness of the workflows and multi-environment support. We appreciated the professionalism, competence and responsiveness of Activeeon, and their ability to understand our problems and provide us with very effective solutions.” Operating Engineer at Creos “Activeeon is the only solution capable to Schedule any Big Data Analytics, mono-threaded, multi-threaded, multi-core, parallel and distributed.” CapGemini Lead Engineer for Home Office “The ProActive product perfectly integrates into a hybrid multi-platform architecture. The usage of ProActive allowed us to have a trivialized approach to our processing infranstructure which includes Linux and Windows computers and GPU. This product helped us reduce operational costs by 10.” Nicolas Pons Head of InfoBioStat platform at MetaGenoPolis (INRA) see more testimonials Latest News Join us at the World AI Cannes Festival 2024 ISC High Performance, the HPC Event: Meet us in Hamburg on May 21-25, 2023 ActiveEon is recognized as a Representative Vendor in Gartner's 2023 Service Orchestration and Automation Platforms research Try for free: ProActive Workflows & Scheduling and ProActive AI Orchestration TRY NOW! Resources Contact us Privacy Cookies settings Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2024 Activeeon S.A.S. All rights reserved.