Greentech Media | Clean Tech & Renewable Energy News | Greentech Media A Wood Mackenzie Business news Research Squared Events menu Search Solar All Solar Projects Utility-Scale Solar PV Modules Markets & Policy Solar Finances & VC BOS Inverters Manufacturing Residential Solar Grid Edge All Network Infrastructure Grid Optimization Smart Homes/Buildings Demand Response Software/Analytics Utilities Regulation & Policy Electric Vehicles Microgrids Off Grid/Energy Access Storage Check out all of our energy storage resources Wind All wind resources Energy Storage Everywhere Podcasts The Energy Gang The Interchange White Papers White Papers Webinars Webinars Sign up Log in GTM members benefits: Unlimited access to our free news articles Unlimited access to our free webinars, white papers, and videos Special offers and discounts on Events and Squared Updates on breaking news and current events Profile Squared Membership Newsletter Settings WoodMac Research Log Out Search Policy & regulation are aligning with renewables cost declines to make projects more profitable and portfolios more sustainable. AllSolar ProjectsUtility-Scale SolarPV ModulesMarkets & PolicySolar Finances & VCBOS InvertersManufacturingResidential Solar Trending Solar News Highlighted Research View All May 2021 How Cheap and Abundant Can Clean Power Get? March 2021 Climate Fintech Startup Atmos Financial Puts Savings to Work for Clean Energy March 2021 Could Chile’s Auction Help Save CSP From Oblivion? The Grid Edge comprises technologies, solutions and business models advancing the transition toward a decentralized, distributed and transactive electric grid. AllNetwork InfrastructureGrid OptimizationSmart Homes/BuildingsDemand ResponseSoftware/AnalyticsUtilitiesRegulation & PolicyElectric VehiclesMicrogridsOff Grid/Energy Access Trending Grid Edge News Highlighted Research View All Grid Edge June 2020 What the Coming Wave of Distributed Energy Resources Means for the US Grid July 2021 Extreme Weather Keeps Maxing Out the Grid May 2021 A Wartime Plan for Electrifying America Batteries are helping to optimize the power grid and opening up new applications and services for utilities and service providers. Check out all of our energy storage resources Trending Storage News Highlighted Research View All April 2021 An Island’s Path to 100% Renewables March 2021 Greentech Media Chronicled Clean Energy Before It Was Cool March 2021 Are Batteries at a Turning Point? The wind industry is in a period of intensifying competition and shifting demand that requires a multi-faceted view of the global market. All wind resourcesEnergy Storage Everywhere Trending Wind News Highlighted Research View All February 2021 Vestas Ventures Makes First Investment With Stake in Wooden Tower Start-Up February 2021 Vestas Launches World’s Largest Turbines as 'Big 3' Competition Ramps Up February 2021 BP, RWE and EnBW Win Big in UK Offshore Wind Leasing Round Free intelligence and insights from industry experts and leading companies on the global energy transformation. Trending Downloads News Highlighted Research View All May 2021 How Cheap and Abundant Can Clean Power Get? March 2021 Climate Fintech Startup Atmos Financial Puts Savings to Work for Clean Energy March 2021 Could Chile’s Auction Help Save CSP From Oblivion? The Energy Gang View All The Interchange View All All your clean energy insight and content is now live on Woodmac.com Since acquiring Greentech Media in 2016, we have continued to use greentechmedia.com and GTM Squared news subscription service as vehicles to present greentech and renewables news. 2 years ago by WoodMackenzie Greentech Media Chronicled Clean Energy Before It Was Cool The infancy of clean energy is over, and with it ends GTM. A new chapter beckons. 2 years ago by Julian Spector Greentech Media Bids Farewell A 14-year run covering an energy industry transformed — and just getting started. 2 years ago by Jeff St. John What Were Europe’s Oil Majors Doing When GTM Launched in 2007? BP, Shell and Total were spending little on deployment and lots on prospecting for killer IP. It didn’t work. But look at them now… 2 years ago by John Parnell Research Spotlight So Big It’s Boring: The Rise of Utility-Scale Solar Hundreds of gigawatts of utility-scale solar will define the shape of the rest of America’s carbon-free economy, says WoodMac’s Colin Smith. 2 years ago by Colin Smith Editors' Picks Duke Energy Faces Challenges to Its Push for New Natural Gas Plants Inside Google’s Bid to Get Granular on Renewable Energy Credits Climate Fintech Startup Atmos Financial Puts Savings to Work for Clean Energy Jigar Shah’s Plan to Manage DOE’s $40B Loan Program Climate Change Is Tightening Insurance Markets. That’s No Good for the Solar Industry 10.23.21 Fossil Fuels 15 What the Frack Is Happening With Natural Gas Prices? This week on The Interchange: natural gas comes back with a vengence. by Stephen Lacey 10.21.21 Finance & VC 41 Where Will DOE’s Loan Program Make the Next Climate Tech Investments? This week on The Energy Gang: Jigar Shah takes a break from government to re-join the show. by Stephen Lacey 10.14.21 9 With an Energy Crisis Brewing, No Peak in Sight for Emissions This week on The Energy Gang: another complicated twist in the energy transition. by Stephen Lacey 10.14.21 Sponsored Media 1 SPONSORED ARTICLE Where Green Hydrogen Is Headed In this podcast episode from Bloom Energy: the trends behind the hydrogen surge. by GTM Creative Strategies 10.10.21 3 Why TransitTech Is So Vital to Struggling Public Transportation Systems This week on The Energy Gang: what do transit systems look like after covid? by Stephen Lacey 09.30.21 2 Carbon Recycling: Microbes, Jet Fuel and Leggings by Stephen Lacey 09.30.21 2 The Hidden Science Behind Decarbonizing Buildings This week on The Energy Gang: a no-nonsense discussion about how to design carbon out of our buildings. by Stephen Lacey 09.24.21 1 Microsoft’s $1B Climate Innovation Fund by Stephen Lacey 09.20.21 Fossil Fuels 0 Will Direct-Air Carbon Capture Be Viable? This week on The Energy Gang: we discuss the impact of a new commercial direct-air capture plant. by Stephen Lacey 09.16.21 0 Will Hydrogen Look Like Solar? This week on The Interchange: applying lessons from solar to the budding green hydrogen industry. by Stephen Lacey Featured White Paper Leveraging CDI Technology for Grid Optimization and Resilience Utilities and operators can leverage Veritone’s CDI technology for autonomous grid management, making clean energy production more predictable, efficient and cost effective, and accelerating the mission to end global dependence on fossil fuels. DOWNLOAD 09.14.21 4 Power After Carbon This week on The Energy Gang: we reflect on the biggest changes in the electricity system over the last decade. by Stephen Lacey 09.09.21 0 Climate Tech Brings in $16 Billion. Where’s It Going? This week on The Interchange: the investment trends guiding climate tech. by Stephen Lacey 09.02.21 0 The Climate Workhorse: Extremely Cheap, Clean Electricity This week on The Interchange: what’s happening in the utility-scale renewables market? by Stephen Lacey 08.30.21 Energy 6 Why This IPCC Climate Report Is Different This week on The Energy Gang: we review the world’s most peer-reviewed report on climate change. by Stephen Lacey 08.26.21 0 Why Fertilizer Is Such a Big Climate Problem This week on The Interchange: solving agricultural emissions from fertilizer. by Stephen Lacey 08.13.21 Fossil Fuels 0 As Profits Rise, Oil Majors Face New Pressures This week on The Energy Gang: a rebound and reckoning for oil. by Stephen Lacey 08.13.21 Energy 2 The Big Moment for Carbon Accounting This week on The Interchange: investors and regulators are making carbon accounting a huge opportunity. by Stephen Lacey 08.10.21 Energy 5 SPONSORED ARTICLE A New Inflection Point for Clean Energy In this podcast episode from CohnReznick: the mega-trends behind clean energy in the corporate world. by GTM Creative Strategies 08.06.21 234 The Crypto vs Climate Showdown This week on The Interchange: we dig deeper into the divide over crypto’s environmental impact. by Stephen Lacey 08.03.21 Finance & VC 2 What Emerging Climate Tech Sectors Are Ready for Growth? This week on The Energy Gang: the up-and-coming places for climate capital. by Stephen Lacey 1 2 3 We also post our resources on social media Follow us! News Research Squared Events Podcasts Webinars White Papers Videos Press Release Media Inquiries In The News Our Team Contact About us Advertising Contact A Wood Mackenzie Business Â© 2024 Greentech Media or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy