Official Google Webmaster Central Blog Webmaster Central Blog Official news on crawling and indexing sites for the Google index We moved! Introducing the new home for the Google Webmaster Blogs Thursday, November 19, 2020 Last week we changed our name to Google Search Central and published our new central site. As part of this site migration, we're also consolidating the Google Webmaster Blogs into one place on the new site. Today, we're announcing that this page within the Google Search Central site is the new home for our blog. We migrated all of the archived blog posts, dating back to 2005. They're available in the archive drop down menu. No action required for your subscribtion You don't need to take any action in order to keep getting updates from us. We will redirect the current set of RSS and email subscribers to the new blog URL. Translations are coming soon We're still working on moving translated blog posts, so it may take some time until you see translated content appearing on the blog. When posts are translated, you'll be able to select your language on this site and get the translated content, compared to the previous blog setup where you needed to know the URL. If you have any questions or comments, you can find us on Twitter and in our Google Search Central Help Community. Posted by Lizzi Harvey, Technical Writer on the Google Search Central team Google Goodbye Google Webmasters, hello Google Search Central Wednesday, November 11, 2020 The history behind Google Webmasters Merriam-Webster claims the first known use of the word "webmaster" was in 1993, years before Google even existed. However, the term is becoming archaic, and according to the data found in books, its use is in sharp decline. A user experience study we ran revealed that very few web professionals identify themselves as webmasters anymore. They're more likely to call themselves Search Engine Optimizer (SEO), online marketer, blogger, web developer, or site owner, but very few "webmasters". We're changing our name In brainstorming our new name, we realized that there's not one term that perfectly summarizes the work people do on websites. To focus more on the topic that we talk about (Google Search), we're changing our name from "Google Webmasters Central" to "Google Search Central", both on our websites and on social media. Our goal is still the same; we aim to help people improve the visibility of their website on Google Search.The change will happen on most platforms in the next couple days. Centralizing help information to one site To help people learn how to improve their website's visibility on Google Search, we're also consolidating our help documentation and blogs to one site. Moving forward, the Search Console Help Center will contain only documentation related to using Search Console. It's also still the home of our help forum, newly renamed from "Webmasters Help Community" to "Google Search Central Community". The information related to how Google Search works, crawling and indexing, Search guidelines, and other Search-related topics are moving to our new site, which previously focused only on web developer documentation. The content move will happen over the next few days. We will continue to create content for anyone who wants their websites to show up on Google Search, whether you're just getting started with SEO or you're an experienced web professional. Consolidating the blogs The blog that you're reading right now is also moving to our main site. However, we will wait one week to allow subscribers to read this last post on the old platform. Moving this blog, including our other 13 localized blogs, to one place brings the following benefits: More discovery of related content (help documentation, localized blogs, event information, on one site) Easier to switch between languages (no longer have to find the localized blog URL) Better platform allows us to maintain content, localize blog post more easily, and format posts consistently Going forward, all archived and new blog posts will appear on https://developers.google.com/search/blog. You don't need to take any action in order to keep getting updates from us; we will redirect the current set of RSS and email subscribers to the new blog URL. Googlebot mascot gets a refresh Our Googlebot mascot is also getting an upgrade. Googlebot's days of wandering the web solo come to a close as a new sidekick joins Googlebot in crawling the internet. When we first met this curious critter, we wondered, "Is it really a spider?" After some observation, we noticed this spider bot hybrid can jump great distances and sees best when surrounded by green light. We think Googlebot's new best friend is a spider from the genus Phidippus, though it seems to also have bot-like characteristics. Googlebot's been trying out new nicknames for the little spider bot, but they haven't settled on anything yet. Maybe you can help? As parting words, update your bookmarks and if you have any questions or comments, you can find us on Twitter and in our Google Search Central Help Community. Posted by Lizzi Harvey, Technical Writer on the Google Search Central team Google Timing for bringing page experience to Google Search Tuesday, November 10, 2020 This past May, we announced that page experience signals would be included in Google Search ranking. These signals measure how users perceive the experience of interacting with a web page and contribute to our ongoing work to ensure people get the most helpful and enjoyable experiences from the web. In the past several months, we’ve seen a median 70% increase in the number of users engaging with Lighthouse and Page Speed Insights, and many site owners using Search Console’s Core Web Vitals report to identify opportunities for improvement. Today we’re announcing that the page experience signals in ranking will roll out in May 2021. The new page experience signals combine Core Web Vitals with our existing search signals including mobile-friendliness, safe-browsing, HTTPS-security, and intrusive interstitial guidelines. The change for non-AMP content to become eligible to appear in the mobile Top Stories feature in Search will also roll out in May 2021. Any page that meets the Google News content policies will be eligible and we will prioritize pages with great page experience, whether implemented using AMP or any other web technology, as we rank the results. In addition to the timing updates described above, we plan to test a visual indicator that highlights pages in search results that have great page experience. A New Way of Highlighting Great Experiences in Google Search We believe that providing information about the quality of a web page’s experience can be helpful to users in choosing the search result that they want to visit. On results, the snippet or image preview helps provide topical context for users to know what information a page can provide. Visual indicators on the results are another way to do the same, and we are working on one that identifies pages that have met all of the page experience criteria. We plan to test this soon and if the testing is successful, it will launch in May 2021 and we’ll share more details on the progress of this in the coming months. The Tools Publishers Need for Improving Page Experience To get ready for these changes, we have released a variety of tools that publishers can use to start improving their page experience. The first step is doing a site-wide audit of your pages to see where there is room for improvement. Search Console’s report for Core Web Vitals gives you an overview of how your site is doing and a deepdive into issues. Once you’ve identified opportunities, Page Speed Insights and Lighthouse can help you as you iterate on fixing any issues that you’ve uncovered. Head over to web.dev/vitals-tools for a roundup of all the tools you need to get started. Additionally, AMP is one of the easiest and cost-effective ways for publishers looking to achieve great page experience outcomes. Based on the analysis that the AMP team has done, the majority of the AMP pages achieve great page experiences. If you’re an AMP publisher, check out the recently launched AMP Page Experience Guide, a diagnostic tool that provides developers with actionable advice. We continue to support AMP content in Google Search. If you publish an AMP version of your content, Google Search will link to that cache-optimized AMP version to help optimize delivery to users, just as is the case today. Conclusion At Google Search our mission is to help users find the most relevant and quality sites on the web. The goal with these updates is to highlight the best experiences and ensure that users can find the information they’re looking for. Our work is ongoing, which is why we plan to incorporate more page experience signals going forward and update them on a yearly basis. We hope that the tools and resources we’ve provided make it easier for you to create great websites, and thereby build a web ecosystem that users love. If you have questions or feedback, please visit our help forums or let us know through Twitter. Posted by Jeffrey Jose, Product Manager on Search Google PES@Home 2020: Google’s first virtual summit for Product Experts Thursday, November 05, 2020 More than ever, users are relying on Google products to do their jobs, educate their kids, and stay in touch with loved ones. Our Google Product Experts (PEs) play a vital role in supporting these users in community forums, like the Webmaster Help Community, across many languages. For several years now, we have been inviting our most advanced PEs from around the world to a bi-annual, 3-day PE Summit. These events provide an opportunity not only to share latest product updates with PEs, but also to acknowledge and celebrate their tireless contributions to help our users. As the world was going into lockdown in March, we quickly decided that we don’t want to miss out on this annual celebration. So the summit team shifted focus and started planning an all virtual event which came to be called PES@Home. Through the house-themed virtual event platform, PEs participated in over 120 sessions in the "office", got a chance to engage with each other and Googlers in the "kitchen", had fun on the "rooftop" learning more about magic or mixology, and - hopefully - came out feeling reconnected and re-energized. In addition to a large number of general talks, Webmaster PEs were able to attend and ask questions during eight product specific breakout sessions with Search product managers and engineers, which covered topics like page experience, Web Stories, crawling, Image Search, and free shopping listings. We are truly overwhelmed and grateful for how Webmaster PEs continue to grow the community, connection, and engagement in such a strange time. As a testament to the helpful spirit in the Webmaster community, we were thrilled to present the "Silver Lining Award" for someone who demonstrates a sense of humour and emphasizes the positive side of every situation to one of our own Webmaster PEs. In the name of all the countless people asking product questions in the forums, we'd like to express our thanks to the patient, knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly Webmaster Product Experts, who help to make the web shine when it comes to presence on Search. If you want to read more about the summit, check out this summary from a Webmaster PE point of view. Posted by Antje Weisser, Product Support Manager Google Best practices for Black Friday and Cyber Monday pages Monday, October 26, 2020 The end of the year holiday season is a peak time for many merchants with special sales events such as Black Friday and Cyber Monday. As a merchant, you can help Google highlight your sales events by providing landing pages with relevant content and high quality images. Best Practices The following are recommended best practices for your landing pages: Create the page early. Make sure you create the page well before the sale so Googlebot has time to discover and index the page. Make sure you are not blocking Google from crawling the URL (the Google URL Inspection Tool can be used to check this). Follow standard SEO best practices. A list of SEO best practices for landing pages can be found in our Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Starter Guide. Link to the landing pages from your home page (or similar) to increase their prominence, helping users (and Google) find the landing page quicker. Use a recurring URL, not a new URL for each occurrence of the event. Give the landing page of recurring events a meaningful URL that reflects the event that is used each year (for example: use /sale/black-friday, not /sale/2020/black-friday). Include a relevant, high quality image. Provide a static image with an up-to-date representation of your sale. Trim any whitespace around the borders of the image, and ensure that the image is visually engaging and is of good quality. For additional guidance on image quality, review the Google Images best practices and Images Web Fundamentals. Get your page recrawled. After you've tested your structured data for validity, ask Google to recrawl your page to get your content updated more quickly. (Note: as of publication this tool is undergoing maintenance, but we hope to have it up-and-running again soon.) If you have any questions, let us know through the Help forum or on Twitter. Posted by Alan Kent, Search Relations Team Google The Search Console Training lives on Friday, October 02, 2020 In November 2019 we announced the Search Console Training YouTube series and started publishing videos regularly. The goal of the series was to create updated video content to be used alongside Search documentation, for example in the Help Center and in the Developers site. The wonderful Google Developer Studio team (the engine behind those videos!) put together this fun blooper reel for the first wave of videos that we recorded in the Google London studio. So far we’ve published twelve episodes in the series, each focusing on a different part of the tool. We’ve seen it’s helping lots of people to learn how to use Search Console - so we decided to continue recording videos… at home! Please bear with the trucks, ambulances, neighbors, passing clouds, and of course the doorbell. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ In addition to the location change, we’re also changing the scope of the new videos. Instead of focusing on one report at a time, we’ll discuss how Search Console can help YOUR business. In each episode we’ll focus on types of website, like ecommerce, and job roles, like developers. To hear about new videos as soon as they're published, subscribe to our YouTube channel, and feel free to leave feedback on Twitter. Stay tuned! Daniel Waisberg, Search Advocate Google New Schema.org support for retailer shipping data Tuesday, September 22, 2020 Quick summary: Starting today, we support shippingDetails schema.org markup as an alternative way for retailers to be eligible for shipping details in Google Search results. Since June 2020, retailers have been able to list their products across different Google surfaces for free, including on Google Search. We are committed to supporting ways for the ecosystem to better connect with users that come to Google to look for the best products, brands, and retailers by investing both in more robust tooling in Google Merchant Center as well as with new kinds of schema.org options. Shipping details, including cost and expected delivery times, are often a key consideration for users making purchase decisions. In our own studies, we’ve heard that users abandon shopping checkouts because of unforeseen or uncertain shipping costs. This is why we will often show shipping cost information in certain result types, including on free listings on Google Search (currently in the US, in English only). Retailers have always been able to configure shipping settings in Google Merchant Center in order to display this information in listings. Starting today, we now also support the shippingDetails schema.org markup type for retailers who don't have active Merchant Center accounts with product feeds. For retailers that are interested in this new markup, check out our documentation to get started. Posted by Kyle Kelly, Shopping Product Manager Google    Hey! Check here if your site is mobile-friendly. Labels  accessibility 10 advanced 195 AMP 13 Android 2 API 7 apps 7 autocomplete 2 beginner 173 CAPTCHA 1 Chrome 2 cms 1 crawling and indexing 158 encryption 3 events 51 feedback and communication 83 forums 5 general tips 90 geotargeting 1 Google Assistant 3 Google I/O 3 Google Images 3 Google News 2 hacked sites 12 hangout 2 hreflang 3 https 5 images 12 intermediate 205 interstitials 1 javascript 8 job search 2 localization 21 malware 6 mobile 63 mobile-friendly 14 nohacked 1 performance 17 product expert 1 product experts 2 products and services 63 questions 3 ranking 1 recipes 1 rendering 2 Responsive Web Design 3 rich cards 7 rich results 10 search console 35 search for beginners 1 search queries 7 search results 140 security 12 seo 3 sitemaps 46 speed 6 structured data 33 summit 1 TLDs 1 url removals 1 UX 3 verification 8 video 6 webmaster community 24 webmaster forum 1 webmaster guidelines 57 webmaster tools 177 webmasters 3 youtube channel 6  Archive    2020 Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2019 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2018 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2017 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2016 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jun May Apr Mar Jan   2015 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2014 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2013 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2012 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2011 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2010 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2009 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2008 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2007 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2006 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Feed Follow @googlewmc Give us feedback in our Product Forums. Subscribe via email Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner Google Privacy Terms