the Wareham Forge, Artisan Blacksmith Darrell Markewitz of Ontario Canada, Hand forged custom designs for garden, architecture, knives plus courses and DVD Welcome to the Wareham Forge, the work of Artisan Blacksmith Darrell Markewitz of Ontario Canada. Here traditional hand forged techniques are blended with original custom designs to create distinctive objects for garden or architecture. (What is called 'wrought iron work' by some.) A specialist in the Viking Age, creating reproductions for Museums and re-enactors. Offering training courses various aspects of Metalsmithing, plus instructional DVD's. pull out guide Main Sections GALLERY Gallery Introduction Past Work Available Architectural Bladesmithing Decorative Objects Garden Art Furniture & Accessories Reproductions Weathervanes & Windbiles CUSTOM WORK New Commissions? On Design Rivendale Style Gallery of Details Wrought Iron? Custom Orders ARCHITECTURAL Architectural Introduction Gates Arbours & Features Railings Sign Hangers Weather Vanes Window Grills for GARDENS Gardens Introduction Features Fountains Gates Weather Vanes Windbiles REPRODUCTIONS Past Work Museum Services Norse Trade Goods Re-enactor's Supplies TRAINING Courses Programs on Disk Demonstrations School Programs On Blacksmithing IRON SMELTING Iron Smelting Documentation Iron Smelt Course 'Archaeology & Experiment' Program Iron Smelting Disk VIKING AGE the Norse Encampment - Documentation 'Exploring VA Denmark' Disk 'Forging Viking Age' Disk Norse Trade Goods Viking Game SITE INDEX Alphabetical Index Blog Index Event Schedule About this Web Site Qestions & Answers the Wareham Forge uses traditional blacksmithing techniques to produce items of enduring quality. Metal is heated in a coal forge then worked with the hammer to create forms and textures that no other method can duplicate. The strength of steel is combined with the warmth of hand formed copper and brass, resulting in pieces that are indistinguishable from artifacts from the past. Every item produced, from pewter button to custom railing, is the result of a blending of historic form, materials and techniques. Although often called 'wrought iron work' in fact today's craftsman works with modern steels! Artisan Blacksmith Darrell Markewitz brings decades of experience to all his work - at the forge, background research, practical experimentation and extensive teaching experience. 'Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.' Attributed to : Pre-Raphaelite William Morris (1834 - 1896) Potential Customers Please Note! After 40 years at the forge, I am limiting the new commissions I undertake : • Please look HERE for details before contacting me. • A body of Past Work is AVAILABLEA Visual Guide Note that increasingly, this web site serves as a portfolio of a lifetime of work.Major additions - Winter 2024 Accessories Bladesmithing Courses Demonstrations DVD/VHS/CD Educational Programs Garden Features Gates Fountains Mirrors Norse Encampment On Custom Work Railings Reproductions Viking Age Replicas Viking Game Weather Vanes Window Grills How does the custom design process work? How much does it cost? Take a look at the section that details the process of creating an original art metalwork. 'On Custom Designs' This section now includes a Gallery of Details - showing some of the wide range of possibilities of hand forging steel. This also shows some of my favourite techniques in my signature 'Rivendale' style. An ongoing project over the middle part of 2007 was a commission for a set of front porch railings for a private home in the Riverdale area of Toronto. I have documented the process of creating a custom art metalwork - from first contact through finial installation. The resulting photo-essay can be seen : Railings for Riverdale House. The accompanying descriptions of the project will be of interest to anyone interested in commissioning work themselves About this Web Site - A commentary on Layout, Content and Intent Questions & Answers - May save Time *before* you contact me!On Blacksmithing - Advice and Commentaries Who is Darrell Markewitz? OTHER WEB PUBLICATIONS Blog - Hammered Out Bits Blog - Bloom to Bar On Blacksmithing Seen on YouTube Web Site List www.warehamforge.ca Darrell Markewitz The Hamlet of Wareham, R.R. #2 Proton Station, Ontario CANADA - N0C 1L0 E-Mail 'The Fine Print'... By contacting the Wareham Forge, any individual or organization is presumed to have given consent for the collection of such information as is required for the Wareham Forge to carry on its normal business related activities. Standard Web Site Disclaimer Stated Policy under PIPEDA Photograph 'Blacksmith at Owen Sound Museum' from the Owen Sound Sun Times. Unless otherwise indicated : All text and photographs © Darrell Markewitz, the Wareham Forge.