DC Rainmaker Login Become a Member Login About Me Press Contact Advertise Privacy Settings Search for: Skip to content Menu Home Blog Product Reviews Apple Action Cams COROS Drone Reviews Elite Fitbit Garmin GoPro Google (Pixel Watch) Peloton Polar Power Meters Samsung Suunto Tacx Trainers Wahoo Fitness Weight Scales Whoop Everything Else… Buyers Guides Best GPS Watches Buyers Guide Best Bike GPS & Cycling Tech Buyers Guide Bike Smart Trainers Guide Smart Trainer App Guide DCR Sports Gear I Use List (2023) The Girl’s Sports Gear I Use List (2023) Photography Gear I Use Baby/Child Gear We Use How-To Guides & Tips Race Reports Travel Paris Swim/Bike/Run Resources Paris Restaurants (DCR Favs!) Newsletter Mar. 5 Look’s New Road KEO Blade & SPD Power Meter Pedals: Hands-on! ﻿ Today Look has announced two interchangeable power meter pedals, their Look KEO Blade carbon road pedal power meter, and their X-Track SPD-based power meter pedal. These two pedals share the same internals, allowing you to buy one set, and then an extra set of pedal bodies to swap back … March 5. 2024Sports TechnologyComments (15)Read More → Feb. 29 Supersapiens Announces It’s Shutting Down Continuous glucose monitoring platform sports tech startup Supersapiens, has announced it’s shutting down. The company had been using Abbott Labs continuous glucose monitoring patches, in conjunction with their own app/platform, for the last few years in Europe. The general idea was that you can more accurately train and race, specifically … February 29. 2024Sports Technology News and ReviewsComments (35)Read More → Feb. 29 FIT File: The End of MIP Displays? Garmin Forerunner 165 and New Cycling Power Meters ﻿﻿ For those not subscribed to the FIT File (it’s free!) via your regular podcast app or on YouTube, here’s a quick post with the highlights from the most recent episode. In this episode, we talk about the new Garmin Forerunner 165 and if this is the end of MIP … February 29. 2024Sports Technology News and ReviewsComments (9)Read More → Feb. 27 Apple Watch vs Garmin Watch: Skiing Features Tested! ﻿ Many people track their ski (or snowboard) trips with their watches. They do so in all manner of sports profiles, from running to cycling to skiing. However, for both Garmin and Apple watches, there are features and apps that are catered specifically to skiing/snowboarding, that track things like number … February 27. 2024Sports Technology News and ReviewsComments (33)Read More → Feb. 25 Garmin Forerunner 165 vs Forerunner 265 Comparison Review: All 107+ Differences Detailed While only one digit separates the two models, the reality is that there’s a pile of differences. Many big-ticket differences (like Training Readiness), but also lots of little and more nuanced differences. The last time I did this type of post, I identified 65+ differences between the Forerunner 965 and … February 25. 2024Sports Technology News and ReviewsComments (27)Read More → » Look’s New Road KEO Blade & SPD Power Meter Pedals: Hands-on! » Supersapiens Announces It’s Shutting Down » FIT File: The End of MIP Displays? Garmin Forerunner 165 and New Cycling Power Meters » Apple Watch vs Garmin Watch: Skiing Features Tested! » Garmin Forerunner 165 vs Forerunner 265 Comparison Review: All 107+ Differences Detailed 5 Easy Steps To The Site 1 In Depth Product Reviews You probably stumbled upon here looking for a review of a sports gadget. If you’re trying to decide which unit to buy – check out my in-depth reviews section. Some reviews are over 60 pages long when printed out, with hundreds of photos! I aim to leave no stone unturned. 2 Read My Sports Gadget Recommendations. Here’s my most recent GPS watch guide here, and cycling GPS computers here. Plus there are smart trainers here, all in these guides cover almost every category of sports gadgets out there. Looking for the equipment I use day-to-day? I also just put together my complete ‘Gear I Use’ equipment list, from swim to bike to run and everything in between (plus a few extra things). And to compliment that, here’s The Girl’s (my wife’s) list. Enjoy, and thanks for stopping by! 3 Have some fun in the travel section. I travel a fair bit, both for work and for fun. Here’s a bunch of random trip reports and daily trip-logs that I’ve put together and posted. I’ve sorted it all by world geography, in an attempt to make it easy to figure out where I’ve been. 4 My Photography Gear: The Cameras and Equipment I Use Daily The most common question I receive outside of the “what’s the best GPS watch for me” variant, are photography-esq based. So in efforts to combat the amount of emails I need to sort through on a daily basis, I’ve complied this “My Photography Gear” post for your curious minds! It’s a nice break from the day to day sports-tech talk, and I hope you get something out of it! 5 The Swim/Bike/Run Gear I Use List Many readers stumble into my website in search of information on the latest and greatest sports tech products. But at the end of the day, you might just be wondering “What does Ray use when not testing new products?”. So here is the most up to date list of products I like and fit the bill for me and my training needs best! DC Rainmaker 2023 swim, bike, run, and general gear list. But wait, are you a female and feel like these things might not apply to you? If that’s the case (but certainly not saying my choices aren’t good for women), and you just want to see a different gear junkies “picks”, check out The Girl’s Gear Guide too. Follow me on Twitter Follow dcrainmakerblog Recent CommentsPaul on Tacx NEO 2T Smart Trainer In-Depth Review Posted March 5, 2024, 11:04 am The spacer is a little silver ring that sits over the screw thread of the NDS adapter. This means...Alessandro on Tacx NEO 2T Smart Trainer In-Depth Review Posted March 5, 2024, 10:58 am Thanks for sharing. Can't figure it out how the spacer could solve the isuue...Pav Sethi on Look’s New Road KEO Blade & SPD Power Meter Pedals: Hands-on! Posted March 5, 2024, 10:50 am Ray, for those of us who ride with slightly wider q factors than 53, are there any options you would...Brice Hope on FIT File: The End of MIP Displays? Garmin Forerunner 165 and New Cycling Power Meters Posted March 5, 2024, 10:44 am To pour salt on the wound, here's the lead caption for the Forerunner 945, "Our most advanced, lightweight GPS smartwatch..."DC Rainmaker on Look’s New Road KEO Blade & SPD Power Meter Pedals: Hands-on! Posted March 5, 2024, 10:42 am Yeah, I suspect that rabbit hole would require a dedicated test rig to take out the human variability. TwitterFacebookStravaYouTubeInstagramRSS I’m DC RAINMAKER…I swim, bike and run. Then, I come here and write about my adventures. It’s as simple as that. Most of the time. If you’re new around these parts, here’s the long version of my story. You'll support the site, and get ad-free DCR! Plus, you'll be more awesome. Click above for all the details. Oh, and you can sign-up for the newsletter here! Here’s how to save! Wanna save some cash and support the site? These companies help support the site! With Backcountry.com or Competitive Cyclist with either the coupon code DCRAINMAKER for first time users saving 15% on applicable products. You can also pick-up tons of gear at REI via these links, which is a long-time supporter as well: With TPC (The Pro's Closet), you'll save $40 on purchases over $200 with coupon code DCRAIN40 for tech and non-tech purchases! Alternatively, for everything else on the planet, simply buy your goods from Amazon via the link below and I get a tiny bit back as an Amazon Associate. No cost to you, easy as pie! You can use the above link for any Amazon country and it (should) automatically redirect to your local Amazon site. Want to compare the features of each product, down to the nitty-gritty? No problem, the product comparison data is constantly updated with new products and new features added to old products! Wanna create comparison chart graphs just like I do for GPS, heart rate, power meters and more? No problem, here's the platform I use - you can too! Think my written reviews are deep? You should check out my videos. I take things to a whole new level of interactive depth! Smart Trainers Buyers Guide: Looking at a smart trainer this winter? I cover all the units to buy (and avoid) for indoor training. The good, the bad, and the ugly. Check out my weekly podcast - with DesFit, which is packed with both gadget and non-gadget goodness! Get all your awesome DC Rainmaker gear here! FAQ’s I have built an extensive list of my most frequently asked questions. Below are the most popular. Do you have a privacy policy posted? Why haven’t you yet released a review for XYZ product you mentioned months ago? Will you test our product before release? Are you willing to review or test beta products? Which trainer should I buy? Which GPS watch should I buy? I’m headed to Paris – what do you recommend for training or sightseeing? I’m headed to Washington DC – what do you recommend for training? I’m from out of the country and will be visiting the US, what’s the best triathlon shop in city XYZ? What kind of camera do you use? View Them All Here → All rights reserved © 2024 DC Rainmaker Designed by: Heather Sanders — Privacy Settings Remember me Lost your password? Log into the DCR Analyzer