Homepage - Sesame Workshop Skip to content Family Resources ABCs and 123s Science Curiosity Art Financial Education Language and Literacy Reading Vocabulary Math School Readiness Healthy Minds and Bodies Asthma Autism Building Flexibility Family Connections How to Make Friends Talking About Autism Eating Well Emotional Well-Being Family Bonding Blended Families Dads Grandparents Moms Health and Hygiene Doctor Appointments How to Stay Healthy Physical Activity Teeth Vaccines for Kids Military Families Parenting Childcare Learning Through Play Learning Through Routines Childhood Milestones Self-Care Race, Ethnicity, and Culture Community Diversity Coping with Racial Trauma Talking About Race Social Emotional Skills Calming Strategies Children’s Feelings Community Service Friendships Resilience Tantrums Veterans Tough Topics Coronavirus For Frontline Families Learning and Working from Home Talking About Covid-19 Divorce Emergencies Foster Care Grief Homelessness Incarceration Military Caregiving Parental Addiction Displacement and Resettlement Resources in Dari Resources in Pashto Resources in Ukrainian Traumatic Experiences Violence Courses and Webinars Games and Storybooks Our Work Shows Impact Areas Where We Work Research and Insights Fellowships Parks & Live Entertainment About Us Mission and History Leadership Partners Financials Careers News Press Room Contact Us Support Us Donate Events Corporate and Institutional Giving Critical Needs Response Fund Search Sign In Donate Search Family Resources ABCs and 123s Science Curiosity Art Financial Education Language and Literacy Reading Vocabulary Math School Readiness Healthy Minds and Bodies Asthma Autism Building Flexibility Family Connections How to Make Friends Talking About Autism Eating Well Emotional Well-Being Family Bonding Blended Families Dads Grandparents Moms Health and Hygiene Doctor Appointments How to Stay Healthy Physical Activity Teeth Vaccines for Kids Military Families Parenting Childcare Learning Through Play Learning Through Routines Childhood Milestones Self-Care Race, Ethnicity, and Culture Community Diversity Coping with Racial Trauma Talking About Race Social Emotional Skills Calming Strategies Children’s Feelings Community Service Friendships Resilience Tantrums Veterans Tough Topics Coronavirus For Frontline Families Learning and Working from Home Talking About Covid-19 Divorce Emergencies Foster Care Grief Homelessness Incarceration Military Caregiving Parental Addiction Displacement and Resettlement Resources in Dari Resources in Pashto Resources in Ukrainian Traumatic Experiences Violence Courses and Webinars Games and Storybooks Our Work Shows Impact Areas Where We Work Research and Insights Fellowships Parks & Live Entertainment About Us Mission and History Leadership Partners Financials Careers News Press Room Contact Us Support Us Donate Events Corporate and Institutional Giving Critical Needs Response Fund Sign In Donate Mission Driven. Child Focused. Helping Children Grow Smarter, Stronger, and Kinder. Featured Resources for Families Discover printables, videos, and more on topics important to your family or the families you work with. Elmo’s Toothy Dance Groove along with Elmo and his toothy friends as they teach the steps of brushing teeth. Health and Hygiene Ages 1–6 Transitioning Between Parents Read this storybook to help your child come up with a simple routine on days they are going between homes. Divorce Ages 1–6 Play Feeling Faces Explore dozens of different emotions with Elmo, Oscar, and Abby! Social and Emotional Skills Ages 3–6 What Are Traumatic Experiences? You have the power to help kids feel safe and learn to cope. Traumatic Experiences Ages 0–6 Talking About Feelings Encourage kids to talk to grown-ups about their emotions with this coloring activity. Feelings Ages 1–6 Brush Those Teeth Kids can learn how to brush their teeth with hands-on play. Help our children learn good hygiene at an early age to support their habits for a lifetime. Health and Hygiene Ages 1–6 See More Resources 8080% of ParentsFeel Sesame Street helps prepare their child for school. Latest From The Workshop We’re the global impact nonprofit behind Sesame Street and so much more — a community built on diversity, equity, and inclusion, where creators, educators, partners, and beloved characters come together to help children grow smarter, stronger, and kinder. February 6, 2024 Sesame Workshop Initiates Leadership Transition ELMOtional Wellbeing – Mental Health Support for Big Feelings Ten Sesame Street Resources All About Love See Latest News Help Prepare The Next Generation To Build A Better World Make a gift today, and help us transform how the world supports children, wherever they may be, for generations to come. Donate Today See Our Giving Opportunities Our Work Generations of kids have grown up watching Sesame Street, but we’re much more than a beloved television show. From timely research, to classroom curricula, to large-scale social impact projects, you can find us everywhere kids and families learn and play. Shows Reaching kids and families around the world through the power of media. Impact Areas Supporting children and families through challenges big and small. See Our Work Close to 12 Million Kids* in the U.S. watch, play, or listen to Sesame Street content each month.*Age 0-8 Where We Work Sesame Workshop brings learning, laughter, and life lessons to children all over the world. East Asia and Oceania East Asia and Oceania Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa South Asia United States and Canada East Asia and Oceania Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa South Asia United States and Canada East Asia and Oceania Sesame Workshop has a long history in East Asia and Oceania — and it’s as varied as these vast regions. Load More Explore East Asia and Oceania Europe For decades, Sesame has brought joy and learning to the lives of children across Europe. Load More Explore Europe Latin America Sesame Workshop has brought joyful learning to children in Latin America for more than 50 years. Load More Explore Latin America Middle East and North Africa Using media, playful learning, and caregiver support to help children in the region learn, connect, and build resilience Load More Explore Middle East and North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa Sesame uses the power of media, partnerships, and community engagement to prepare children for a future full of opportunity. Load More Explore Sub-Saharan Africa South Asia Using the power of media and community engagement to bring playful learning and support to children across the region Load More Explore South Asia United States and Canada From Sesame Street to classroom learning to community support, Sesame has been sweeping clouds away for over five decades. Load More Explore United States and Canada Stay Posted on All the Good at the Workshop What’s your email address? Sign Up Helping Children Everywhere Grow Smarter, Stronger, and Kinder. Follow Us Resources ABCs and 123s Healthy Minds and Bodies Tough Topics Courses and Webinars Games and Storybooks Newsletter Our Work Shows Impact Areas Where We Work Research and Insights Fellowships Theme Parks & Live Entertainment Sesame Street Sesame Street for Military Families Joan Ganz Cooney Center About Us Mission and History Leadership Financials Partners News Press Room Careers Contact Us Sitemap Support Us Donate Now Critical Needs Response Fund Corporate and Institutional Giving Impact Report Sesame Workshop is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization under EIN 13-2655731. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law. Sesame Workshop®, Sesame Street® and all related trademarks, characters and design elements are owned by Sesame Workshop. © 2024 Sesame Workshop. All rights reserved. Legal Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Cookie Preferences