Chrome Enterprise - The Trusted Enterprise Browser for your Business Jump to content chrome enterprise chrome enterprise Products Chrome Enterprise Cloud management Enterprise support plan Solutions Secure enterprise browsing Bring your own device Enabling hybrid work Integrations Resources Content hub Help center Release notes Policy list Blog Events FAQ Customer stories Terms Get in touch Download Chrome The most trusted enterprise browser With Chrome Enterprise, your users get the browser they already know and love with additional enterprise controls and security capabilities for your organization. Download Chrome Preferred by the workforce Chrome Enterprise is where millions of business users get work done every day, across all different devices and operating systems. Learn more Managed andsecured by IT Get controls and customizations that empower employees to do their best work, without compromising corporate data. Explore cloud management The enterprise browser is where work happens Explore Chrome Enterprise Defend against emerging threats There are new, advanced cyber threats emerging every day. A secure enterprise browser can limit exposure to potential vulnerabilities and cyberattacks. Avoid costly data breaches An enterprise browser needs to proactively protect data. Zero Trust policies and data controls help you keep customer and company information safe from insider and outsider threats. Support distributed teams When distributed teams work from different operating systems, regions, and time zones, enterprise browsers need to scale security protections, management controls, and company-specific configurations across them all. Give employees transformative tools Today’s workers want the latest technology to fuel innovation. Whether it’s generative AI, new productivity-boosting tools, or a familiar user experience, the right browser capabilities can open new doors for getting work done. 2023 Gartner® Emerging Tech: Security - The Future of Enterprise Browsers Report With more of the workday happening on the web, the right enterprise browser is key to powering your business*. Get the complimentary report Built to meet your business needs For over a decade, Chrome has supported millions of organizations with more secure browsing – while pioneering a safer, more productive open web for all. Scaled security Chrome offers scaled and fast protections that keep your company's data safe, thanks to signals from billions of users worldwide. Secure browsing with Chrome Easy controls With Chrome, customization is only a few clicks away. Our cloud management tool allows you to seamlessly apply controls, policies, and advanced reporting in the way that meets your business needs, in many cases at no extra cost. Explore cloud management Open ecosystem Our commitment to Chromium and open philosophy to integration means Chrome works well with other parts of your tech stack, so you can continue building the enterprise ecosystem that works for you. Connect your ecosystem Google innovation With Chrome, users get the helpful Google tools they’re familiar with, and the latest emerging technologies, right within their favorite, familiar browser. Boosting productivity with Chrome Adapt your browser to fit your business Chrome Enterprise makes it easy to securely connect workers to the tools and technologies that move work forward. Companies with BYOD models Chrome Enterprise allows employees that use their own or unmanaged devices to gain secure access to SaaS apps and company data. Remote and distributed workers Whether distributed employees are connecting from couches or cafes, Chrome Enterprise gives them secure access to company tools. Contractors accessing company resources Companies that rely on contractors can count on Chrome Enterprise to provide a secure way for everyone to access company resources. Evolving with your enterprise needs Many companies already use Chrome, but they're not all aware of the advanced enterprise capabilities available to them at no cost. Are you making the most of all that Chrome Enterprise has to offer? GET STARTED Deploy Chrome to your users Download Chrome CONFIGURE Apply policies and get insights Manage Chrome from the cloud SECURE Get scaled and fast protections Explore security approaches OPTIMIZE Talk to experts to get more from your browser Get in touch The go-to trusted browser for businesses like yours Investing in browser-based productivity and creativity Read more Keeping users and corporate data safe with deep visibility and protections Read more Providing access to caregiving solutions through Chrome Enterprise Read more Any questions? Chat with a Chrome expert and learn how to unlock the full potential of enterprise browsing. Get in touch What is Chrome Enterprise? Chrome Enterprise refers to our product offerings that support deploying and managing the browser within a business environment. In addition to the browser itself, it offers organizations a built-in and scaled approach to security, centralized browser management controls, and open integration, enabling businesses to be more innovative, productive, and secure. There are also additional advanced protections that organizations can purchase, including enhanced data loss prevention and Zero Trust access controls. How much does it cost to deploy and manage Chrome? Chrome is available to download and deploy free of charge. You can also sign up for Chrome browser’s cloud-based management at no cost. For pricing and information about our advanced protections, talk to an expert. How can I tell if Chrome is the enterprise version? There is no enterprise version of the Chrome browser itself, but organizations can fully manage and control Chrome to meet the needs of their business. They can also manage user-installed versions of Chrome through policy configurations. Users can see if Chrome browser is managed by an organization by: 1. Opening Chrome. 2. At the top right, selecting More. 3. Checking the bottom of the menu. “Managed by your organization,” signals the browser is managed. How do I make Chrome the default browser for my organization? You can find the step-by-step guide here. How can I get access to Chrome support? Visit the Google Chrome Enterprise Help Center to browse support topics or get help from the Chrome community. If you have an enterprise support plan, you can also chat, email, or call a Google Expert for direct support. * Gartner, Emerging Tech: Security – The Future of Enterprise Browsers, Dan Ayoub, Evgeny Mirolyubov, Max Taggett, Dave Messett, 14 April 2023. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Follow us Chrome Enterprise Download Chrome Get in touch Products Chrome Enterprise Cloud management Enterprise support plan Solutions Secure enterprise browsing Bring your own device Enabling hybrid work Integrations Resources Customer stories Content hub Help center Blog Events FAQ Release notes Policy list Terms Accessibility About Google Google products Policies Privacy Terms Cookies management controls Help English (United States) Deutsch (Deutschland) English (Australia) English (Canada) English (United Kingdom) español (Latinoamérica) español (España) français (France) italiano (Italia) 日本語 (日本) Nederlands (Nederland) português (Brasil) português (Portugal) русский (Россия) 中文 (中国) 中文 (台灣)