Discover the Domo Data Experience Platform | Domo Join us in person at Domopalooza. March 26–29, 2024 | Register today › Put data to work and help everyone multiply their impact. Move from basic charts and graphs to data experiences that fuel "Aha!" insights and action in the moments that matter. try free Watch Demo Business Apps Make better, faster decisions using low-code and pro-code apps to automate business insights. Discover Apps BI and Analytics Use intuitive dashboards, reporting, and AI-generated insights to see what’s going on in your business and make the next right move. See BI & Analytics Data Foundation Build data experiences on a secure, flexible foundation that can integrate real-time data from anywhere. Explore Foundation Domo Data Experience Platform Create a company of multipliers. Fresh data and provocative insights are not just good for a select few. We believe everybody in your organization can use data experiences to multiply their impact on the business. Empower all your teams. Our unique user-centric approach makes the platform easy for anyone to use while still offering advanced capabilities that enable technical teams to respond quickly to business needs. Let data drive your business. Domo helps you foster a data-driven culture of curiosity that inspires bold questions and smart, fast, transformative action. Explore Domo for your role ROI that turns heads. Analysts agree that Domo's solutions for BI and apps provide value in record time. According To ROI for Small and Medium Businesses 345% ROI over 3 years Over $1M in increased revenue <6 month payback period Read the Report ROI for Apps 455% ROI over 3 years $16M benefits present value $13.2M net present value Read the Report Forrester Study: The Total Economic Impact™ of Domo For Small and Medium Businesses, March 2021 The Total Economic Impact™ of Domo, March 2022 Recognized by the industry's top analysts and thought leaders. Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Domo Named a Challenger in 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Analytics and BI Platforms Read the Gartner Report Dresner Advisory Services Domo Ranked #1 Vendor in Dresner Advisory Services’ 2023 Self-Service Business Intelligence Market Study Read the Dresner Report Gartner® Peer Insights™ Domo Recognized as a Customers' Choice in Gartner® Peer Insights™ Voice of the Customer Read the Peer Insights™ Report Nucleus Research Report Domo Recognized as a Leader in the 2023 Nucleus Research Report on Embedded Analytics Read the Nucleus Report Go from data meh to data-powered "Aha!" moments. EXPLORE BY INDUSTRY EXPLORE BY DEPARTMENT Connect, share, and learn from experts in the Domo community. JOIN THE COMMUNITY