Home page Menu Radio Show Listen To Episodes See All Guests Videos Books About Doug Blog Contact Hi, I’m Doug Goldstein, CFP®, Host of The Goldstein on Gelt Show Great investments and retirement planning begins with an understanding of what YOU want and need. Here are the tools to help you gain financial security, discover smart investments, and learn investing basics. Get started by listening to The Goldstein on Gelt Show’s most recent episode. Get a free copy of my retirement planning book plus important financial updates with actionable money ideas! Your email is safe with us. We won’t share it. Start Listening now to the Goldstein on Gelt Show The Goldstein on Gelt Radio Show A personal finance podcast on investing, retiring, and winning in the financial world with new episodes once a week. Browse Top Episodes Listen Now See All Guests Wherever you are on the path to retirement, The Goldstein on Gelt Radio Show helps you manage your money better. Download our latest episode to: understand the basics of personal finance (budget better, save more, avoid debt), learn investment strategies from the world’s best investors, improve your retirement plan, build healthy financial habits. Every show includes a discussion with an expert on how to invest for success. Host Douglas Goldstein, CFP® uses his 25 years of experience as a financial professional to make money concepts simple to understand. Practical lessons give you tools and tips so you can make real changes. Popular episodes feature: Nobel Prize winners Daniel Kahneman, Gary Becker, Harry Markowitz best-selling authors Peter Schiff, Benjamin Zander, David Bach business leaders Pat Flynn, John Lee Dumas, James Clear See all of our great guests Top episodes (or click here for the latest show) How to Reassess Your Investment Risk Profile as Your Life Changes with Money Guys – Brian Preston and Bo Hanson | August 6, 2020 Show Notes Here’s Why Retirement Planning Tools Make a Difference with Wade Pfau | July 23, 2020 Show Notes Should You Own Traditional Real Estate or REITs? with Jane Barratt | June 22, 2017 Show Notes Converting Labor Assets into Financial Assets with Doug McCormick | June 25, 2020 Show Notes Are We On The Verge Of The Biggest Economic Crisis In History? with James Rickards | September 6, 2015 Show Notes Should You Increase Portfolio Risk to Maximize Returns? with Kabir Sehgal | June 4, 2020 Show Notes Want to Be a Good Stock Market Trader? Do You Need More Luck or Skill? with Jack Schwager | July 24, 2017 Show Notes What Millennials Need to Know About Investing with Jessica Moorhouse | May 15, 2017 Show Notes Are You Prepared for the Next Market Crash? with Joe Saul-Sehy | February 27, 2020 Show Notes Is There a Secret to Successful Early Retirement? with Darrow Kirkpatrick | July 25, 2019 Show Notes Why Getting the Right Investment Advice is Important with Wendy and Eric Nissan | January 30, 2020 Show Notes How to Make Good Investment Choices with Paul Merriman | March 16, 2016 Show Notes Life Expectancy Alert: Is Outliving Your Money a Justified Fear? with Steve Vernon | January 16, 2020 Show Notes Are Natural Energy Sources The Way Forward? with Kurt Cobb | May 25, 2015 Show Notes What Choices Do You Need to Make When You Plan for Retirement? with Joel Kranc | August 25, 2016 Show Notes Is the Central Banking System on the Verge of Another Crash? with Neil Irwin | August 4, 2016 Show Notes How to Save Money and Make Smart Financial Decisions with Terrance Odean | April 6, 2016 Show Notes Do You Know Senior Citizens Who Need Help with Finances? with Benjamin Brandt | September 24, 2020 Show Notes What Are the Most Common Investment Mistakes That People Make? with Larry Swedroe | July 21, 2016 Show Notes Can Decision Fatigue Affect Your Investments? with Nyle Bayer | April 3, 2017 Show Notes Will Investment Risk Derail Your Retirement? with Roger Whitney, CFP® | March 5, 2020 Show Notes Like the Show? Check out all of Doug’s resources: Talk to Doug about your Investments Read Doug’s Books Watch Doug’s Videos Read Doug’s Blog Find out more about Doug Listen to more Episodes Home Disclaimer Privacy Policy ©2024 Douglas Goldstein. Site by Innovative Images. Send me my free ebook on retirement planning now! Get a free copy of my retirement planning book plus important financial updates with actionable money ideas! Your email is safe with us. We won't share it.