RIOT Summit 2024 Home About Travel Venue FAQ Supporters Last years 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Call for Sponsors 9th get-together of the friendly Operating System for the Internet of Things Vienna, Austria and online Call for Contributions Call for Sponsors Let's meet face to face! About RIOT RIOT is the friendly operating system for the Internet of Things. If you cannot run Linux on your device due to constrained hardware, use RIOT! RIOT explicitly implements the idea of an open Internet. It supports all relevant standards and is distributed under open source license. You find more details on www.riot-os.org. The RIOT community consists of companies, academias, and hobbyist, distributed all around the world. RIOT aims to implement all relevant open standards supporting an Internet of Things that is connected, secure, durable & privacy-friendly. About the RIOT Summit Over the last years, RIOT has emerged as one of the agile and state of the art operating system for the IoT. The previous Summits were a big success. It’s time to meet again! The RIOT Summit aims for bringing together RIOTers, beginners and experts, as well as people interested in the IoT in general and decision makers who plan to deploy RIOT in the future. The event combines plenary talks, hands-on tutorials, and break-out sessions. The Summit will not only inform about latest developments but will also help to gather feedback from the community to shape the RIOT future. check_circle What can you expect? This is the eight Summit of the RIOT community. We will put hell of a lot of energy to make this a special event. Great talks Lively demos and tutorials Social networking No registration fees but reservation is needed check_circle Why should you attend? It’s like vacation. Once a year you should come together with the members of the community to reflect on the past and push the future. Contact with senior and junior RIOT developers Latest community news Participation is free check_circle Why should you sponsor? RIOT is a community product and we want to involve as many people as possible. We don’t want to introduce fees and need your help! Explicit support of the RIOT community High visibility Different sponsor levels Connect with RIOT developers and users The RIOT Summit: 2 days of great talks, tutorials, and demos + 1 hackathon day for IoT enthusiasts. You want to give a talk or present a demo? Please submit! More code. Saturday is Hackathon Day. The two days of RIOT Summit are followed by a one-day hackathon. This will give participants a chance to work together immediately on ideas developed during Summit discussions, to experiment with new technologies, or to follow up on break-out sessions and discussions of the RIOT Summit. Unlike the RIOT Summit, this hackathon has little planned structure. We do plan to allow for lightning talk style summaries at the end to further interconnect hackathon participants. When September 7th, 2024, full day Where To be announced. Stay tuned. Travel Information Venue University of ViennaMain buildingSmall Ceremonial Hall ("Kleiner Festsaal")Universitätsring 11010 Vienna, Austria Venue homepage: https://www.univie.ac.at/ Transportation airplanemode_activeAir travel Vienna is well connected via plane, https://www.viennaairport.com/. From Vienna airport, you can reach the venue in ~40minutes using public transport. Beware that transport fees differ between the lines S7/RJ (€4.40 including remaining public transport trip), VAL bus (€10.50) and CAT (€24.90). trainTrain travel Vienna Central station is 25 minutes away by public transport from the RIOT Summit venue. Recommended connections from the station to the venue are tram line D (eastern exit, Hauptbahnhof Ost) or metro line U1 (to Stephansplatz, with 16min walk through downtown). directions_busPublic transport The public transport is operated by Wiener Linien. Live connection information is available through the local online routing service "AnachB" as well as the Free transportr and Öffi apps. Nearby Accomodations hotel Hotel Regina Mid to high budget. Address: Rooseveltplatz 15, 1090 WienDistance to venue: 400 m by foot Learn More hotel Hotel-Pension Bleckmann Mid budget. Address: Währinger Str 15, 1090 WienDistance to venue: 600 m by foot Learn More hotel Hotel Rathauspark Wien High budget. Address: Rathausstraße 17, 1010 WienDistance to venue: 270 m by foot Learn More The last eight RIOT Summits were a great success! Check out the highlights from one of last years event, which more than 150 participants enjoyed. Speakers Program & SlidesVideos Frequently Asked Questions Registration start? When does registration start? Registration will start several weeks before the Summit starts. Remote participation? Will you provide options for remote participation? We highly encourage all participants to join us on-site in Vienna. We will, however, also provide options to join the presentations remotely and to participate in the Q&As. Organizers? Who organizes the RIOT Summit? The RIOT Summit 2024 is organized by Christian Amsüss, the Chair of Distributed and Networked Systems at TUD Dresden University of Technology, and the Internet Technologies group at HAW Hamburg. You can contact the organizers via summit@riot-os.org. Registration fees? How much does registration at the RIOT Summit costs? Participating at the RIOT Summit 2024 will be free of charge. However, explicit registration is mandatory for planning purposes. Supporters We proudly support RIOT Summit 2024. Join us! CALL FOR SPONSORS Help us to make this a very successful event! The RIOT Summit 2024 offers sponsors various benefits. Imprint