Dentist in Crown Point IN | Van Buskirk & Krischke DDS, LLC Call Now219-641-3422 Schedule Online About Us Meet the DoctorsAbout J. Michael Krischke, DDS Mark R. Van Buskirk, DDS Meet The Team Why Choose Us Tour Our Office Community Involvement FAQ Contact Us700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 219-641-3422 Schedule Online fab fa-facebookfab fa-twitterfab fa-googlefab fa-youtube Close Our Services General DentistryServices Mouthguards Gum Disease Treatment Dental Emergencies Family Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Orthodontics Invisalign Dental Veneers Smile Makeover Restorative Dentistry Dental Crowns & Bridges Root Canals Botox® and Dermal Fillers Full-Mouth Reconstruction Dental Implants Dentures Oral Surgery Contact Us700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 219-641-3422 Schedule Online fab fa-facebookfab fa-twitterfab fa-googlefab fa-youtube Close Testimonials Smile GalleryTestimonials Contact Us700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 219-641-3422 Schedule Online fab fa-facebookfab fa-twitterfab fa-googlefab fa-youtube Close Patient Resources Patient FormsPatient Resources Membership Plan Payment Options I’m Having a Hard Time Chewing I’m in Pain or Have Discomfort I’m Embarrassed to Smile Contact Us700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 219-641-3422 Schedule Online fab fa-facebookfab fa-twitterfab fa-googlefab fa-youtube Close Contact Us Blog Making Beautiful Smiles More Affordable for You and Your Family For decades, our dental professionals have exceeded expectations for smile care! With our wide range of dental services, from orthodontics to full-mouth reconstruction, we can help every member of your family. Schedule Online 700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 Schedule Online Get Life-Changing Dentistry! Save money with our in-house Membership Plan Feel at home with amenities like Starbucks coffee We’re open until 7 p.m. on Wednesdays Schedule a Free Consultation Talk to us about your goals for your smile and your oral health before you make a decision. Discover what your options are at our office. Call Now219-641-3422 Meet Your Crown Point, IN Dentist Dr. Michael Krischke Dr. Krischke looks forward to helping patients create healthier, more attractive smiles. Let him help you from start to finish. Read More Dr. Mark Van Buskirk The most satifying part of dental care for Dr. Van Buskirk is helping patients meet their oral care needs. See what he can do for you! Read More Previous Next We Offer a Variety of Dental Solutions Orthodontics Straighten your teeth with our many orthodontic solutions. Metal and ceramic braces and Invisalign aligners give you multiple options. Come in for a free consultation. Learn More Botox and Dermal Fillers You’ll love how younger-looking skin complements your beautiful, healthy smile. Lessen signs of aging by removing wrinkles and fine lines. Call now to plan your visit! Learn More Dental Implants If you are missing teeth, you owe it to yourself to schedule a free consultation to discuss dental implants. They let you smile confidently, eat well, and speak clearly. Learn More Previous Next Read Why Our Patients Love Us “I had traditional braces and he just like every month when I came in just made sure that everything was going good and changed my wires. And originally I had …” Read More – Sidney A “For one, I think, Mark goes about dental work a little different than some dentists. Some dentists, I think, have to do dental work to exist, but I think, Mark …” Read More – Polly G “I’ve been coming here over 20 years. I was remembering that I came here before I got married and my husband actually went to a different dentist. Once we were …” Read More – Michelle H “I’ve had root canals and everything, and I leave feeling no pain. So that’s what I really appreciate about them. But you know, they’re just very professional and very easy …” Read More – Margaret A “I’ve had issues in the past where I’ve had crowns done and root canals done, and it always starts with your tooth starts bothering you, it starts to ache, it …” Read More – Katie D. “I needed crowns because after 10 pregnancies the amount of morning sickness that I faced and the acid that has been in my mouth has made some of my molars …” Read More – Christa S. Previous Next Read More Reviews Sidney A Sidney A I had traditional braces and he just like every month when I came in just made sure that everything was going good and changed my wires. And originally I had a tooth in the middle of my mouth and then I … it’s now in the front and everything. It was really smooth. Like I thought it was going to be very crazy because my teeth were awful, but he actually made it really smooth and it went a little bit longer than we thought but that’s because things came up that we didn’t know were going to come up and like I had baby teeth that had never fallen out so he had to pull those. And so I think it just was like it went longer but they came out better because it went longer. In the beginning I didn’t want to take pictures. My dad had printed a picture on a blanket for my mouth. I was like, “No, that’s not going to work.” I don’t like smile and now like I’m always smiling and I’m a lot more happier and confident like in school or in public. I would recommend here because they are just always so nice and everything they do comes out fantastic. You won’t regret coming because they’re … they tell you if something’s going to hurt and usually nine times out of 10 it doesn’t hurt. You don’t feel anything. If you’re looking for somewhere where you’re going to be relaxed, calm and everybody’s nice, this is a really nice place to come to. Polly G Polly G For one, I think, Mark goes about dental work a little different than some dentists. Some dentists, I think, have to do dental work to exist, but I think, Mark comes to his job, doing dental work because he enjoys it. He enjoys seeing people, so he doesn’t make you feel like you’re a burden, and he cares. Yeah, I think that, in a business that it always starts at the top … the energy … and it rolls down all through the staff. I think, that the whole entire office takes on a, really, pleasant atmosphere, that you can come to if you have a problem, you have a question on a bill, and you never have a problem. Everybody handles it professionally and willingly. Dental offices could, when I was younger, make me, kind of, get the shakes before I get there, because you know there’s a chance that you might have something that needs to be done. You can get a little anxiety over it, but now it’s, like I, kind of, look at it as my day out. “Oh, I’ll go visit everybody at Dr. Mark’s.” Michelle H Michelle H I’ve been coming here over 20 years. I was remembering that I came here before I got married and my husband actually went to a different dentist. Once we were married, I said, “You really should come to my dentist.” He was probably my first referral of dozens of people that I’ve referred to the practice. He had seen a dentist for a cavity and our insurance, it said that his pricing was above what they paid. So he came here and the doctors informed him that he didn’t even have a cavity. So he’s been coming ever since and then as we’ve had children, they’ve been great with my kids. They had a lot of cavities when they were little and were over that with good hygiene and lots of tips from the doctors. Now they’re teenagers and they don’t mind at all coming to the dentist. They’re just very friendly. From the minute you walk in the door, the receptionists are so nice. The hygienists are nice. The doctors are nice. Just from one to next. They’re very friendly. They make you feel very comfortable. You don’t wait a long time in the waiting room. So for people who are nervous about going to the dentist, they don’t have to worry about that. They bring them back. There’s a TV. They can just relax. They make you feel very comfortable. Margaret A Margaret A I’ve had root canals and everything, and I leave feeling no pain. So that’s what I really appreciate about them. But you know, they’re just very professional and very easy to work with. I honestly had no pain. I mean, they give you instructions, you know, make sure you do this, make sure you do that. I had one where, through my own fault, I didn’t bite down right on the one side. But I had to come back in, they got me right back in the next day, filed it down a little bit, fixed it, and it was good to go. Because I was going on vacation and he said, “We don’t want you spending a week with this pain.” But they made sure it was really good and numb. The whole thing wasn’t as long and drawn out as I thought it would be. I honestly had no pain. I thought it was going to be really traumatic, and there really wasn’t any pain or anything. So yeah, just again, they’re very calming and easy to work with. So it was like, I was surprised. I would definitely encourage people to come here because it’s, again, the whole office is just comfortable, it’s homey feeling, the staff is great, the hygienists are great. You know, the dentists, they set up a plan for you, they look at everything, they set up a plan, and they work with you through that. You know, they know, the office staff knows, here’s what your entrance is going to take care of, here’s how we can do this. They’ll start working with the crucial stuff first, and then go as we need to, to cover everything. It’s just a really very professional but very friendly. Katie D. Katie D. I’ve had issues in the past where I’ve had crowns done and root canals done, and it always starts with your tooth starts bothering you, it starts to ache, it doesn’t feel good. I mean you can even call here and say, “Hey, something’s wrong with my teeth,” and they will get you in as soon as possible. They’re very good with that. With those, all the root canals that I’ve had in the past, and then the three that I’ve had here, I’ve had the best experience with the three that I’ve had here. Very little pain afterward, and then the one time that I did have a lot of pain after the root canal, they treated it immediately. They did call in some prescriptions for me and I was taken care of right away. I mean, they treated it right away. I didn’t have any adverse effect from it, and the root canals that I have had done here have had the best outcome that I’ve had from even my prior ones. Christa S. Christa S. I needed crowns because after 10 pregnancies the amount of morning sickness that I faced and the acid that has been in my mouth has made some of my molars crumble. So Dr. Van Buskirk and Dr. Krischke have been able to assess that and then come up with a treatment plan to replace them as needed, not beforehand. So they’ve been able to get me in and improve my bite in such a way that I can still chew and nothing has been eliminated, no problems. One thing that has really impressed me by Dr. Krischke is that he has maintained a schedule with my insurance company to make sure that the major costs are covered. I’ve had several instances where my teeth have crumbled and they’ve had to have a crown put in and he makes sure that you space those out according to what my insurance company needs. He’s also worked with my insurance company as far as braces have gone for my children. Our insurance company does not cover braces, but Dr. Krischke has made sure to have the treatment plans approved ahead of times for our children. So he’s worked with them to send in x-rays and pictures of their bites and even impressions so that they understood it wasn’t just a cosmetic thing that we were trying to get fixed, but there was issues with the way their teeth were formed or their bite was created. One of our daughters was a preemie, and she was born with a very narrow palette. She’s now 13 and has an amazing smile because Dr. Krischke worked with her. All Dental Services General Dentistry Gum Disease Treatment Mouthguards Dental Emergencies Family Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Orthodontics Invisalign Dental Veneers Smile Makeover Restorative Dentistry Dental Crowns & Bridges Root Canals Botox® and Dermal Fillers Full-Mouth Reconstruction Dental Implants Dentures Oral Surgery Read Transcript Receive Comfortable Dental Care During Every Visit Put our doctors’ 50-plus years of combined experience to work for you and your loved ones. With their expertise, you can get treatments not offered by many general dentists, including orthodontics and dental implant placement. We make dental care as pleasant as possible for all our patients with gentle treatment and the latest technology. You’ll also find special touches like Starbucks coffee, free Wi-Fi, and warm towels. Plus, we’re a latex-free environment for your safety. Everyone from preschoolers to senior citizens can get the service they deserve right here. From cleanings to full-mouth reconstruction, you and your family can find what you need for healthy smiles. Call today or schedule online to visit your Crown Point dentist. Read More About Us I think some of the best qualities of this practice are that one, our location is very accessible to everybody, from handicap to easy in and out to welcoming as soon as you walk in. Our staff is helpful, they’re friendly, they’re going to do whatever they can to accommodate you, and when you get back to the hygienists or the doctors we’re going to do the same. We’re going to listen to each and every individual patient. We’re going to see what their problem is and decide how we can take care of it. You can expect quality care. You can expect convenience in scheduling, and quality doctors. A staff that cares about you as a person. They’re so personable on a regular basis. There is oftentimes when I come back and they hug me, even though they’re not the person that I’m working with that day. I just can’t recommend them enough. They are incredible people. At Van Buskirk and Krischke, their dental office and staff and their professional services meet all of your needs, whether it’s just to get a cleaning. I wish I had met him maybe 15 years ago, and I wouldn’t have had so many problems, and I could have had my teeth straightened and a better smile. But I look at it this way, it’s better now than never. The level of care that I have received here is nothing short of outstanding. They have every attention to detail. They ask you questions during the procedure to make sure everything is just right. They follow up with you. Just total quality care. If you want a place that treats you like family, that gives you good quality care, and is actually just outstanding in every sense of the word, this is where you need to come. At VB&K you can expect to be treated like part of our dental family. We’re going to take care of you from start to finish. We’re going to make sure that your experience is up to standards and welcoming, that you’re going to want to come back and then refer us to anyone else you know. Common Questions About Our Services What are my orthodontic options? We offer orthodontic treatments for many ages. Your choices include traditional metal braces, clear ceramic braces, and Invisalign. We also can provide fixed and removable retainers after your treatment to keep your smile straight and beautiful. Can you help with my dental emergencies? Yes, our emergency dentists can offer urgent dental care promptly and efficiently. We monitor emergency calls 24/7, so you can reach out to us even after hours or on weekends. We’ll walk you through the steps to take to protect your oral health and relieve pain until you see us in the office. Extended hours make emergency treatment easier to schedule, too. Do you accept my insurance? We accept most insurance plans, including Delta Premier. We will also help you get the maximum benefit from your insurance so your out-of-pocket costs are as low as possible. To see if we accept your specific plan, call before your appointment. If you don’t have insurance, you can still afford the care you deserve with our Membership Plan. It covers all preventive care like cleanings and offers discounts on many other services. Contact Us Call Now 219-641-3422 700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 Schedule Online fab fa-facebookfab fa-twitterfab fa-googlefab fa-youtube Hours Monday: 8:00am-6:00pmTuesday: 8:00am-6:00pmWednesday: 8:00am-7:00pmThursday: 8:00am-6:00pmFriday: 8:00am-1:00pmSaturday: By AppointmentSunday: Closed Explore our services Cosmetic Dentistry Dental Implants Dental Veneers Smile Makeover Botox® and Dermal Fillers Dental Emergencies NavigationHome About Us Testimonials Contact Us Blog Sitemap Site Index © 2024 All Rights Reserved by VB&K | Privacy & ADA Accessibility Guide About Us Meet the Doctors J. Michael Krischke, DDS Mark R. Van Buskirk, DDS Meet The Team Why Choose Us Tour Our Office Community Involvement FAQ Contact Us Close Our Services General Dentistry Mouthguards Gum Disease Treatment Dental Emergencies Family Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Orthodontics Invisalign Dental Veneers Smile Makeover Restorative Dentistry Dental Crowns & Bridges Root Canals Botox® and Dermal Fillers Full-Mouth Reconstruction Dental Implants Dentures Oral Surgery Contact Us Close Testimonials Smile Gallery Contact Us Close Patient Resources Patient Forms Membership Plan Payment Options I’m Having a Hard Time Chewing I’m in Pain or Have Discomfort I’m Embarrassed to Smile Contact Us Close Contact Us Blog Call Now219-641-3422 Schedule Online 700 North Main St., Crown Point, IN 46307 Search Field Submit × Search: Search