Power your entire business | Square Skip to Content Square Restaurants Retail Beauty Services Products Pricing Sign In Support Shop Your cart Your cart No items in your cart Shop hardware View cart Order history Square Your cart Your cart No items in your cart Shop hardware View cart Order history Open menu undefined undefined Please update your browser. Download the latest version of a supported browser below to get the most out of this website: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Edge I understand. Proceed anyway Powering all the ways you do business. Work smarter, automate for efficiency, and open up new revenue streams on the software and hardware platform millions of businesses trust. Contact sales Get started Customize your experience by -> All Restaurant Retail Beauty Get started Contact sales All business types Customize your experience by -> All Restaurant Retail Beauty Get started Contact sales Sell anywhere easily, quickly, and seamlessly. Try the new Square POS demo Hardware and POS systems designed to sell anywhere. Secure payments anywhere your customers are. In-store pickup, online ordering , delivery, and shipment options . Custom-tailored product suites for restaurants , retail , and beauty businesses. Optimize your operations. Manage and streamline operations across multiple locations, sales channels, and employees to improve efficiency and your bottom line. Your business goal How to solve it with Square ((1)) Diversify revenue Diversify your revenue by opening up new streams . Track profit margins with inventory management and reporting capabilities. Integrate orders, items , and inventory from your POS to your website . ((2)) Manage cash flow Access your money when you make it with Square Checking . Automatically set aside a percentage of every sale for taxes or for a rainy day. Get loan offers based on your card sales through Square. ((3)) Reach customers Increase customer loyalty and value with centralized customer data and insights . ((4)) Advanced reporting Get powerful data to make confident decisions. ((5)) Manage your team Optimize your team ’ s shifts . Autocalculate tips and commissions . View more View more View less Hear from Square sellers. Read Square reviews View all testimonials We expanded to a tea bar and a mercantile area. Square has grown and helped us implement all these different parts. LaToyia Mays, Laya CenterRead the case study The importance of data to Blue Bottle The importance of data to Blue Bottle 47% revenue increase year over year 30,000 transactions per month See their Square setup See how this tattoo parlor and salon uses Square See how this tattoo parlor and salon uses Square Retail store and photo studio Building a brand and community - Photodom Building a brand and community - Photodom How Square powers Area15 through every kind of commerce How Square powers Area15 through every kind of commerce We use our Square Checking account to take care of our payroll, our taxes, etc. It’s a great tool to help us streamline all our financials. Juan Saravia, La Pupusa Urban Eatery Play video Play video Get a game-changing restaurant flow. Explore the Restaurant POS demo Take more orders at the counter or online , and offer pickup or delivery . Accept swipe, dip, tap , or QR code payments. Manage every order from every channel in one place . Make more space for hospitality. Get the intuitive POS that connects your front and back of house so staff can fulfill orders quickly — without any costly mistakes. Smooth out your service all around. When your tech works together, customers can order how (and where) they want, your staff can work easier, and you can keep an eye on the bottom line in the process. Your business goal How to solve it with Square ((1)) Manage cash flow Access your money when you make it with Square Checking . Automatically set aside a percentage of every sale for taxes or for a rainy day. Get loan offers based on your card sales through Square. ((2)) Reach diners Set up a loyalty program to keep diners coming back for more. Tailor your perks based on diners’ visit history . ((3)) Manage your team Control labor costs with built-in staff management . Autocalculate tips and commissions . ((4)) Diversify revenue Diversify your revenue by opening up new streams . Track profit margins with inventory management and reporting capabilities. Integrate orders, items , and inventory from your POS to your website . ((5)) Advanced reporting Get powerful data to make confident decisions. Improve menu prices and inventory orders based on sales trends. View more View more View less See restaurant success stories. Read Square reviews View all testimonials In 13 years of business, Square is the most complete ecosystem we’ve used. Frankie DiCarlantonio, CEO of Scaffidi Restaurant GroupRead the case study See how retailer Epicurean Trader uses Square See how retailer Epicurean Trader uses Square 75% reduction in staff training time 20 locations opened after switching to Square Read the case study Parry Restaurant Group Saves Time and Money with Square Parry Restaurant Group Saves Time and Money with Square A multi-location restaurant group in Calgary, CA CHAR Restaurant Group - Managing Sales and Labor from the POS CHAR Restaurant Group - Managing Sales and Labor from the POS 47% revenue increase year over year 30,000 transactions per month Read the case study The importance of data to Blue Bottle The importance of data to Blue Bottle Sync everywhere you sell. Manage inventory, sales, and more with hardware and a retail POS . Let customers pay via card, cash, AfterPay, Apple Pay, and more. Open a customized online store to manage orders, pickup, and delivery . Get smarter inventory tools. Make informed decisions with streamlined data at your fingertips. Efficient inventory management , catalog customization , and by-the-minute stock reporting help you never miss a sale. Simplify your day-to-day. Manage and streamline operations across multiple locations, sales channels, and employees to improve efficiency and your bottom line. Your business goal How to solve it with Square ((1)) Sell in more places Diversify your revenue by opening up new streams . Track profit margins with inventory management and reporting capabilities. Integrate orders, items , and inventory from your POS to your website . ((2)) Reach customers Keep regulars coming back and attract new customers . Offer flexible payment options to buy now and pay later with Afterpay . ((3)) Manage cash flow Access your money when you make it with Square Checking . Automatically set aside a percentage of every sale for taxes or for a rainy day. Get loan offers based on your card sales through Square. ((4)) Advanced reporting Use built-in data syncing to analyze how your business is doing. Access digestible smart reports to help you figure out your next steps. ((5)) Manage your team Control labor costs with built-in staff management . Autocalculate tips and commissions . View more View more View less See retail success stories. Read Square reviews View all testimonials As you get bigger, you need more specific tools. As we've grown, Square has grown with us. Matt Ponder , Owner, The Epicurean TraderRead the case study See how retailer Epicurean Trader uses Square See how retailer Epicurean Trader uses Square $10MM in annual sales 2MM customer database Read the case study Nappily Naturals keeps 2,000+ products organized with Square Nappily Naturals keeps 2,000+ products organized with Square Eclectic boutique How Magpie & Thorn manages a 5,000-item inventory with Square How Magpie & Thorn manages a 5,000-item inventory with Square How Square Helps Market at Grelen Manage Inventory Flow How Square Helps Market at Grelen Manage Inventory Flow Glow up, check out, and keep moving. Sync up your operations with hardware and an Appointments POS . Ring up items and services in a single flow for each booking . Message clients directly from your POS to manage appointments. Book repeat business and attract new clients via the marketplace app, Square Go . Optimize your operations. Manage and streamline operations across multiple locations, sales channels, and employees to improve efficiency and your bottom line. Your business goal How to solve it with Square ((1)) Manage cash flow Access your money when you make it with Square Checking . Automatically set aside a percentage of every sale for taxes or for a rainy day. Get loan offers based on your card sales through Square. ((2)) Reach clients Boost bookings with marketing tools for email and text message campaigns. Manage clients with a free CRM to store important info. ((3)) Manage your team Manage your staff and their schedules across multiple locations from one platform . Save time with customizable employee commission tracking and Square Payroll integrations. ((4)) Advanced reporting Use built-in data syncing to analyze how your business is doing. Access digestible smart reports to help you figure out your next steps. ((5)) Diversify revenue Diversify your revenue by opening up new streams . Track profit margins with inventory management and reporting capabilities. Integrate orders, items , and inventory from your POS to your website . View more View more View less See beauty success stories Read Square reviews View all testimonials We’re processing millions of dollars in revenue per day with more than 523 locations using Square. Robyn Powell , VP of Information Technology, HotworxPlay video Play video See how this tattoo parlor and salon uses Square See how this tattoo parlor and salon uses Square 38% higher rebook rates* 21% lower no-show rates *re-bookings by first-time buyers within 120 daysRead the case study A Focus on Craft - MY SALON Suite A Focus on Craft - MY SALON Suite Full-service wellness destination See how this wellness destination created new revenue streams See how this wellness destination created new revenue streams 3,940% gross sales increase 12–18 hrs a week in time savings Read the case study Square by the numbers. 4M+ Trusted by 4M+ Square sellers globally * $4B+ Lent in Square Loans originations * 4B Individual sales transactions annually * *Source: Q1 2023 Earnings Report Shareholder Letter Build custom commerce experiences. APIs Integrate Square with your business software or website using Square APIs for payments , commerce , customers , staff , and merchants . Integrations Connect Square payment hardware to your business software using Terminal API , Reader SDK , and POS API . Apps Use our prebuilt, vetted partner integrations in the Square App Marketplace . Help Hire a Square specialist to customize how Square works for you . APIs Integrate Square with your business software or website using Square APIs for payments , commerce , customers , staff , and merchants . Integrations Connect Square payment hardware to your business software using Terminal API , Reader SDK , and POS API . Apps Use our prebuilt, vetted partner integrations in the Square App Marketplace . Help Hire a Square specialist to customize how Square works for you . Built for all kinds of restaurants. Quick service Full service Fast casual Bars & breweries Ghost kitchens Coffee shops Built for all kinds of retailers. Clothing & accessories Home goods & furniture Grocery & convenience Wine & liquor CBD retail Retail overview Built for all kinds of services. Beauty salon Med spa Hair salon Day spa Barbershop Tattoo & piercing Get support For around the clock product support. Visit Support For guides on Square products. Visit Square Academy To connect with other business owners. Visit Seller Community Learn more about Square. Get the latest Square news via email. Must be valid email. example@yourdomain.com Submit *This information may be transcribed, used, and stored by third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Close FAQ Does Square have tools for complex businesses? Square has solutions for businesses of all sizes . Our connected tools are built to scale with future-focused, connected tools. Enhanced, customer-friendly experiences help build deeper data and better customer relationships. And our open platform means you can connect to prebuilt integrations or build out your own with our APIs. Learn how Square works with larger, more complex businesses . What are merchant services? Merchant services is an all-encompassing term that describes the hardware, software, and financial services needed for a business to accept and process payments — credit cards, debit cards, NFC-enabled mobile wallets, and other contactless payments — both online and in-store. Just getting started and need a simple way to take payments? Your first Square Reader for magstripe is free when you sign up for an account. Additional readers are $10. Does Square have tools for professional services businesses? Square built a suite of integrated tools to help service businesses save time so they can focus on growing revenue and delivering exceptional service to their clients. Square Appointments works for any business that needs appointment scheduling capabilities and a point-of-sale system. Use Square Invoices — a free, all-in-one invoicing solution that helps businesses request, track, and manage their invoices, estimates, and payments in one place — to get paid faster. And Square Messages is a platform designed to keep your client communication (texts, emails, receipts, invoices, feedback, checkout links, contracts , and more) in one place; you can send and receive texts online, and your clients experience more immediate customer service. Learn more about our solutions for professional services . How does buy now, pay later work? Buy now, pay later, or BNPL , is a payment option that allows a customer to pay for a purchase over time in installments while merchants get paid in full. With Afterpay, Square merchants can let customers pay in four interest-free installments over six weeks. How does Square compare to other business software providers? Square point-of-sale software and suite of tools make it easy to sell in person, online, over the phone, or out in the field. As your business evolves, you can quickly add tools that help your business, from managing team members to adding devices and locations, all with a couple of taps. You can also track customers’ preferences and purchases to create more personalized marketing and loyalty programs to keep them coming back more often. We stand out with best-in-class hardware and an all-in-one platform. See how we stack up against Shopify, Toast, Gusto, Vagaro, and others with a feature-by-feature comparison . Or hear what our customers have to say about Square on our review page . What kind of resources does Square provide businesses? Square strives to provide the best hardware, software, and resources to support you in every stage of your journey, whether you’re a first-time business owner or a seasoned entrepreneur. Brush up on your basics with our business glossary , which covers everything from front of house to payroll . Explore our publication for modern business leaders, The Bottom Line , for the latest trends, insights, and strategies. Find tips and tricks, videos, and articles in our Support Center to help you get the most out of Square hardware and software. Need a little extra help? Our team is ready to support you via phone, email, Facebook, or Twitter. Square Checking is provided by Sutton Bank, Member FDIC. Square Debit Card is issued by Sutton Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated, and may be used wherever Mastercard is accepted. Accounts are FDIC-insured up to $250,000. Square, the Square logo, Square Financial Services, Square Capital, and others are trademarks of Block, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Square Financial Services, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Block, Inc. All loans are issued by Square Financial Services, Inc., a Utah-Chartered Industrial Bank. Member FDIC. Actual fee depends upon payment card processing history, loan amount and other eligibility factors. A minimum payment of 1/18th of the initial loan balance is required every 60 days and full loan repayment is required within 18 months. Loan eligibility is not guaranteed. All loans are subject to credit approval. See their Square setup View subtitles + Collapse subtitles – Start selling with Square. Get started Contact sales -> Products Commerce Point of sale Payments Online Invoices Customers Marketing Loyalty Customer Directory Banking Staff Payroll Team Management Buy Now, Pay Later Hardware Business software & solutions Business Types Food & Beverage Quick Service Full Service Fast Casual Bars & Breweries Retail Beauty Salon Barbershop Hair Salon Nail Salon Day Spa Tattoo & Piercing Med spa Fitness Professional Services Home & Repair Large Businesses Franchises Resources Pricing Why Square? Testimonials The Bottom Line Sales Support Seller Community Developer Platform Merchant Services Rent Hardware Contact Customer support: 1 (855) 700-6000 Sales: 1 (800) 470-1673 Square About Press & Media Careers Affiliates Partners United States (English) © 2024 Block, Inc. Cookie Preferences Do Not Share My Personal Information Privacy NoticeTerms of ServiceGovernment LicensesSquare Capital, LLC Licenses Block, Inc. Choose your region and language Australia (English) Canada (English) Canada (Français) France (Français) Ireland (English) 日本 (日本語) Espanya (Català) España (Español) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) Estados Unidos (Español)