Hire the Best Freelance WordPress Developers - Vetted by Codeable We use cookies to make our site work and for analytics and content optimization purposes. By using it you agree to the use of cookies for these purposes. See our privacy and cookie policy for details. OK Skip to content Codeable Build with heart Codeable - Build with heart Primary Menu How it worksWho we helpBusiness ownersAgenciesFreelancersDevelopersDeveloper directoryApply as a DeveloperWhyPricingPartnersPartner programAffiliate programPartner directoryPartner login Login Start a Project Hire the best WordPress developers. Vetted by us, perfect for you! Codeable is the only WordPress freelancer platform. We match customers to the best WordPress experts. We help customers solve any WordPress problem. start a project Free estimate No obligation to hire 100% risk-free Your hub of world-class experts for short-term, recurring, and full-time WordPress work. Start a Project THEME DEVELOPMENT & CUSTOMIZATION Customize your site look or develop a new one from scratch. Start a project Start a Project PLUGIN DEVELOPMENT & CUSTOMIZATION Customize your site functionality or build a new one from scratch. Start a project Start a Project E-COMMERCE DEVELOPMENT Build new or enhance existing e-commerce websites. Start a project Start a Project CUSTOM WORDPRESS DEVELOPMENT Build completely custom solutions for your web presence needs. Start a project Start a Project Design Create beautiful designs for any site, page or app. Start a project Start a Project CUSTOM APIS & INTEGRATION Enable your site to interact with just about any site and web application. Start a project Start a Project SECURITY & PERFORMANCE Secure your website and make it fly. Start a project Start a Project TROUBLESHOOTING & MAINTENANCE Quickly fix urgent bugs and have your site always on. start a project 97% of experts with 6+ years of professional WordPress experience 96% of clients say they would return with more work Less than 7 minutes wait time on chat for customer service during office hours 4.95/5 average project rating More than 2,000 projects delivered on time and issue-free every month Previous Next How we find the best WordPress experts Our vetting and hiring process Professional review The selection process starts with a comprehensive online application where we look for impeccable English language skills and proven track record of professional WordPress and freelancing experience. Technical exam Next, we check for technical knowledge, problem-solving ability and code quality through a trial development task that is assessed by both our recruiters and experts. Behavioral interview & live coding test Then candidates go through a comprehensive live interview where we check both their personality and communication and technical ability to ensure that they are a good fit and can “walk the walk”. The Codeable Academy exam Candidates must take and pass an internal course that verifies they are familiar with all our operational rules and quality standards that we collectively call “The Codeable Academy”. 90-day trial period Candidates start working on real-life projects to demonstrate their competence, thoroughness, professionalism, and integrity for 90 days after which their performance is carefully reviewed by our team. Ongoing excellence monitoring It goes without saying that experts need to maintain the high-quality standards we have. Otherwise, we remove low-performing experts quickly and with dignity. start a project A handful of our 750+ carefully screened WordPress developers Robin Scott United Kingdom Completed Projects: 452 Joined: May 2016 View Robin’s profile Hassan Ejaz Gujranwala, Pakistan Completed Projects: 176 Joined: December 2022 View Hassan’s profile Jani Kowalski la Pobla de Farnals, Spain Completed Projects: 235 Joined: October 2021 View Jani’s profile Hunor Szőcs Târgu Mureș, Romania Completed Projects: 104 Joined: December 2022 View Hunor’s profile Sajid Javed Islamabad, Pakistan Completed Projects: 34 Joined: February 2023 View Sajid’s profile Spyros Vlachopoulos Thessaloniki, Greece Completed Projects: 1031 Joined: May 2014 View Spyros’ profile David Petrovic Novi Sad, Serbia Completed Projects: 0 Joined: January 2024 View David’s profile Previous Next Officially recommended by the most reputable WordPress brands woocommerce logo Gravity Forms logo WP Engine logo Sandhills Development Logo Over 25,000 businesses have already trusted us to hire remote talent CODEABLE FOR BUSINESS OWNERS A furniture e-commerce business went profitable by doubling their conversion rate. Read case study. see how we help businesses CODEABLE FOR AGENCIES Web design agency grew 50% in revenue thanks to his founder’s thirst for development talent. Read case study. See how we help agencies CODEABLE FOR FREELANCERS A content marketing consultant expanded his services to grow and scale his business. Read case study. see how we help freelancers Don’t take *our* word for it. We asked our customers what changed for the better since switching to Codeable. Here’s what they had to say. We couldn’t be happier about our experience. After spending four years working on a buggy, problematic, sluggish WooCommerce site that numerous devs had said was as “good as they could get it”,a Codeable genius stepped in and saved the day. Professional, fast, courteous and affordable. So glad we found them! NAGA SHAKTI I’ve used every other hiring platform and those are really a gamble because so many user profiles are fake and you never really know whom you’re hiring and if they genuinely have any experience. The process for hiring developers through Codeable is great and the developers have been absolutely terrific. JASON CURRY Finding the right developer is a jungle of unprofessional providers. Finding people you can trust that deliver quality is a long process for many. But Codeable provides quality in every way. Bit pricey when you compare with others but you will spend that difference in hard currency all the same. Just in other ways and with more uncertainty, frustration and risk. ØYVIND-ANDREAS EMANUELSEN Codeable is amazing in many aspects — the focus on quality, the quality assurance guarantee, the quality of the freelancers themselves, as well as the overall platform. I also appreciate you can find good developers close to home or search for developers who best suit your project or working style. Thank you! ANDREW KEAVENEY Get matched with your WordPress developer in under one day 01 Brief You’ll tell us what you need: we can tackle anything from small fixes to full website builds. 02 Connect We’ll connect you to the right developers for your project to chat with and get your scope 100% defined. 03 Collaborate You’ll get *one* estimate, hire your preferred developer, and start collaborating. Start a project Frequently Asked Questions What type of projects can I post on Codeable? Anything from small tasks and fixes (404 errors, plugin not working as expected, slow database optimizations, white screen of death fixes) through server and website maintenance work (website migrations, theme and plugin updates, speed and security optimizations) to full custom development work (custom theme/plugin development, new website design and development). How much does it cost? Each project posted on Codeable gets its own individual fixed price estimate based on the total scope to be completed, complexity, and urgency. Our recommended rates range USD $80 – $120 per hour. You can view some sample projects and cost estimates on our pricing page. How do you match me with the right developers for my project? We have an internal matchmaking system that connects you with the most appropriate developer based on a combination of your project requirements and our expert skill sets and availability. Additionally, we have a strict rule that our experts can only apply for projects they are 100% confident they can deliver on time and to the highest standard. How long does it take before I hear from an expert? On average, it takes around 3–5 hours for experts to start reviewing and engaging with your project. If you don’t hear from an expert within this time frame, feel free to reach out to our support team who will be glad to look into your project and help bring it in front of relevant experts faster. My project/task is urgent. Can you help? It depends on how you define urgent really. On average, it takes around 3-5 hours for experts to start reviewing and engaging with your project and around 22-24 hours for a project to be fully scoped and estimated. Of course, if you don’t hear from an expert within this time frame, feel free to reach out to our support team who will be glad to look into your project and help bring it in front of relevant experts faster. More information on how the platform works. Is there any money-back policy? Yes, we do have a money-back policy which guarantees that if any developer you hire doesn’t deliver to what was mutually agreed upon in the scope of work of the project, you will receive either a partial or full refund, depending on the amount of work that has been done. The amount of the refund is agreed upon either between you and the developer or by our team through a dispute resolution process, in case you can’t come to an agreement with the developer. A couple of notes: Regardless of whether a partial or full refund is due, Codeable fees are always non-refundable. We do not put a time-frame within which you can request a refund due to non-delivery of work, as long as the project has not been marked as complete. If you do mark the project as complete, that’s basically equal to you saying “Yes, the work delivered is according to the scope and I’m absolutely happy”, so we won’t be able to issue a refund beyond that point. Do I have to pay in order to submit a project on Codeable? No, submitting a project is absolutely free and there’s zero obligation to hire an expert, even when you do receive an estimate. What if I have more questions? We’d be happy to answer them. Ready to hire your WordPress developer? post a project (it’s free!) Free estimate • No obligation to hire • 100% risk-free Codeable - Build with heart Build with heart When you absolutely, positively need the highest quality WordPress development work. SolutionsBusinesses Agencies Freelancers ResourcesHow it works Help center Blog DevelopersWordPress developers WooCommerce developers Apply as an Expert CompanyOur story Our team 2024 © Codeable Socket Menu Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy