Discover Italy: Official Tourism Website - Italia.it Skip menu Home Where to go Choose your destination Sea, mountains, cities, national parks and UNESCO sites: in Italy every destination is a unique experience to be fully enjoyed. Cities Rome Venice Milan See all Regions Lazio Sardinia Sicily See all Tourist destinations Lake Garda Gargano Lake Maggiore See all Sea Lampedusa Capri, Procida, Ischia Costa Smeralda See all Mountain Madonna di Campiglio Courmayeur Cortina d'Ampezzo See all Countryside Maremma Toscana Chianti Barbagia See all All destinations Villages UNESCO sites National Parks Lakes Close What to do Choose from several activities Every trip to Italy is unique: you can build it as you like, based on your lifestyle and needs. Food & Wine Art & Culture Nature Shopping & Markets Sports Leisure Excursions Hot Springs & Wellness Nautical Tourism Spirituality Events Itineraries Luxury experiences See all Season Spring Summer Autumn Winter See all Travel ideas Solo holidays Couple holidays Family holidays Young people holidays See all Magazine Food and Wine Museums Events Winter Close Plan your trip Discover our region’s restaurants. In Italy, you will find a wide range of options and flavours to make your trip even more unforgettable Where to eat Where to eat Close Information Think about everything All the information you need to plan a trip to Italy or to know the basics to best visit it. Travel to Italy Documentation Currency and Payments Getting around Italy Time zones and bank holidays Phone & Web Emergency Assistance See all Assistance Close English Favourites Sign in Search Favourites EN Italiano Español English Search Search Search Nearby View all View all regions Close Close Search Search Close Filter by Back Search Share Like Find out more View list Explore map Previous Next Italia. Open to meraviglia. Come to live italian Your browser does not support the video tag. Mute video Unmute video Way of the Goddesses Come to live italian Naples-Caserta, travel like a king Come to live italian The not-to-be-missed characteristics of Turin Come to live italian Close Map Close Landscapes that will take your breath away, rich history, and delicious food, your trip to Italy will be nothing short of unforgettable. Destinations Unmissable sites Highlights Cities UNESCO sites Regions Villages Castles Food and wine Celebrations Like Women's Day: history and symbolism in Italy On March 8th, International Day of Women's Rights, established by the United Nations, we celebrate social, political and economic achievements achieved over the centuries of struggle for equal rights. This is also an opportunity to reflect on the violence that women still suffer today and on the discrimination that limits their freedom, to better understand how far there still is to go. How Women's Day came about and why it’s celebrated on March 8th. In this article, through history and events, we find out everything there is to know about this important yearly celebration. 5 minutes Travel Ideas Like The Gerrei Silence, ruggedness, plateaus cut by deep valleys and covered with cork trees, sparse and low Mediterranean scrub, few villages and few people: this is what characterises the Gerrei, a sub-region of south-eastern Sardinia. The route crosses particularly impervious areas, among the least frequented in the region. From the coast of Muravera and Villaputzu, one travels up the valley along the Flumendosa state road, which is winding and very narrow in places, proceeding halfway up the hillside and through a landscape of rocky boulders and scrub. You reach silent villages such as Armungia and Ballao, visit old mines, curious museums and archaeological sites from the Nuragic period such as the Pranu Muttedu Park, and end up in Dolianova, the town of wine and oil and the former cathedral of S. Pantaleo, the most beautiful example of Romanesque architecture in Sardinia. Powered by: Sardegna Art and culture Like Discover Aosta: pristine landscapes and historic villages, churches and castles Amid pristine landscapes and historic churches and castles of incomparable beauty, Aosta lets you dive headlong into its past by retracing the footsteps of the Ancient Romans and exploring glimpses of the medieval period. Its wealth of architecture and monuments make it one of Italy's most renowned cities of art, as well as a popular destination for winter sports enthusiasts. Its mountains offer a spectacular natural setting that attracts international tourists all year round. Aosta is a very friendly city full of pleasant surprises – a wonderful destination that welcomes visitors with the renowned hospitality of the locals. 5 minutes Villages Like Travel driven by the curiosity to discover sustainable design in Alto Adige How? By proposing ecological alternatives without sacrificing design, redefining the idea that what is sustainable is often monotonous or without style. Given that sustainability is the word of the day and an issue on the agenda of every sector, Alto Adige, its territory and its inhabitants have been proving to be on the right path for some time now. 3 minutes UNESCO Like The enchanting historic centre of Naples UNESCO World Heritage Site The largest in Italy and one of the largest in Europe, it spans 17 kilometres between characteristic UNESCO World Heritage districts such as the elegant Via Chiaia area and the magnificent panoramas of the Vomero and Posillipo. Every district of the historic centre of Naples has a unique soul, from the very central district of Montecalvario to that of San Giuseppe near the port of Naples, without forgetting the Avvocata district and the Pendino district, among the areas of Naples with the most churches. Further north, but still within the Neapolitan historical centre, you can find the San Carlo all'Arena district with the royal residence of Capodimonte now home to a wonderful national art museum, one of the most important in southern Italy. 4 minutes Nature Like The Valdera on a Vespa Tuscany, as you know, offers so many places to visit, but sometimes going off the beaten track can leave you pleasantly impressed. This is what happens in the picturesque and bucolic Valdera. Stretching between Pontedera and the Arno plain, the Colline Metallifere (Metal-bearing Hills) and the Cecina valley, Valdera runs up the course of the Era river to Volterra, crossing expanses of olive groves, rows of vines and orchards in the plains. You travel through a landscape of soft, densely forested hills, sometimes interrupted by bare, landslide slopes, and isolated medieval villages. In Valdera, pop culture, contemporary art and a futuristic vision emerge amid unspoilt nature and ancient legacies. It would be quite evocative to travel this itinerary aboard such an iconic vehicle as the Piaggio Vespa, on display in Pontedera, home of the factory and the Piaggio Museum, the first stop on the journey. We then move on to Casciana Terme Lari, Orange Flag of the Italian Touring Club, where we can devote ourselves to wellness and the discovery of a historic village, then to Chianni, a treasure trove of hidden churches and sanctuaries immersed in the woods. In Lajatico, Andrea Bocelli's birthplace, and finally in Peccioli, a town that has found new life thanks to virtuous collaborations between inhabitants, institutions and top artists. Powered by: City Like Rome She never hides her years, but still wears them well: after all, Rome is the Eternal City. A walk through the streets of Rome is a stroll through History with a capital H. One of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, it offers and almost demands endless new discoveries, thanks to the enormity of its artistic heritage. As a matter of fact, it is home to two capitals in one city: the Italian capital and the home of the Pope in the Vatican, a place of universal pilgrimage to St Peter's Square. Lazio , Rome City Like Naples From its charming waterfront under the shadow of Vesuvius, to its beautiful and bustling historic centre: Naples is a stunning city. Its position as a meeting place for various peoples since ancient times has had a profound impact on Naples, making it a cultural hub. This is evident when walking through its streets, full of artistic and architectural treasures. It is a city with a unique magic, blossoming with natural attractions. From amazing food to all kinds of entertainment, you will never be bored. Campania , Naples City Like Milan Milan, the metropolis that finds a perfect and dynamic balance between history and modernity. While it is considered one of the world's fashion and design capitals, as well as a financial hub, Milan is also a city of culture and thought. While always looking towards the future, this Lombard capital lovingly preserves its prominent history, boasting spectacular museums and some of the most monumental churches in Italy. Lombardy , Milan City Like Bologna Bologna, the delightful capital of Emilia-Romagna, is a lively city, with its blend of fascinating culture, history and delicious traditional food. Nestled among vast plains, gentle, winding valleys and rolling hills with unique and unparalleled panoramas, Bologna may be a young city, but it has an enchantingly rich history. Treat yourself to a relaxing trip, immersed in art, music and good food. Emilia-Romagna , Bologna City Like Turin Discovering Turin, a multifaceted city rich in historic splendour. Elegant and earnest, Turin boasts a one-of-a-kind artistic and cultural heritage: the elegant aristocratic residences of times gone by, breathtaking Baroque architecture, bountiful museums and priceless monuments still stand tall today, creating a unique blend between past and present. Piedmont , Turin City Like Venice For many, the most beautiful city in the world. Venice has an eternal and poignant charm, and is today among the world capitals of contemporary art. Timeless and magical, the soul of Venice is made up of 118 islands united together by more than 400 bridges, separated by canals that act as waterways, forever bustling with gondolas and boats in a never-ending back-and-forth. Saying that it is brimming with art treasures is even disrespectful: romantic charm and history are absolutely unique. Veneto , Venice Discover all cities Art and culture Like The best trails in UNESCO heritage sites in Italy: 10,000 steps amid nature and beauty Here we introduce you to the best trails in Italy's UNESCO heritage sites. Paths immersed in nature and beauty, inviting you to take invigorating walks. It is not only about UNESCO World Heritage cities; the challenge is to explore all of the natural surroundings. Taking 10,000 steps through Italy's rich and varied forest heritage will be good for the spirit as well as the heart. So, are you ready for a bit of exercise and beauty? 4 minutes Art and culture Like The 15 Italian UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage excellences And Italy is truly unique in this. Alongside incredible historical sites, there is a very rich intangible heritage, handed down through the generations, that represents an unparalleled cultural legacy. We are talking about the 15 Italian UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage excellences, which could soon become 16, thanks to the candidacy of Italian cuisine, between sustainability and biocultural diversity. There are fifteen recognitions, and just as many destinations for travellers wishing to experience these fascinating phenomena. 5 minutes UNESCO Like Artistic masterpieces and gastronomic marvels in Modena The historic centre of Modena is best explored on foot. Once in the city, wandering along the Via Emilia, shopping at the historic Albinelli market and admiring the Ghirlandina tower from every angle is almost obligatory. 4 minutes UNESCO Like The Dolomites: the most beautiful architectural work in the world It was Le Corbusier, the famous French naturalised Swiss architect, town planner, painter and designer, who called them “the most beautiful architectural work in the world”. A paradise for those who love sport, untouched nature, uncompromising mountains and traditional flavours: the Dolomites, the legendary mountain range of the Eastern Alps, a UNESCO World Heritage List site. The so-called “pale mountains” are distributed over three regions, Trentino Alto Adige, Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia. An absolutely unique habitat in which to enjoy breathtaking views. 4 minutes UNESCO Like Cilento, between unspoilt beaches, wild nature and charming hamlets As a crossroads of peoples and a treasure trove of ancient traditions, the territory is rich in chestnut and holm-oak forests, streams and hamlets overlooking the sea or built on rocks. Here, we find some masterpieces included in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1998: the magnificent Cilento and Vallo di Diano National Park, with the archaeological sites of Paestum and Velia and Certosa di Padula. Hidden beaches, small fishing villages, unspoilt nature and rich archaeological evidence make Cilento an irresistibly fascinating destination. 3 minutes UNESCO Like Alberobello, the Trulli capital, a fairy tale experience The capital of the trulli, extraordinary testimonies of dry-stone construction with conical or pyramid-shaped roofs, will enchant you with an expanse of more than 1,500 trulli that have been on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1996. The entire Itria Valley is characterised by the presence of these picturesque constructions finding their roots in the prehistoric era, but it is in Alberobello that the highest concentration of the best-preserved examples can be found. The Mediterranean climate, excellent accommodation and unparalleled architectural harmony make this town the ideal destination for visitors in search of an atmosphere that has not been affected by the passage of time. Do you feel like setting out to discover these wonders? 4 minutes All UNESCO sites Region Like Trentino Trentino is sure to amaze you with its immense natural heritage, the spectacular splendour of the Dolomites and fascinating sites steeped in history Discover Trentino’s culture of slow travel, taking the time to savour every corner among nature and cultural trails and educational farms. You will find hundreds of hotels offering wellness centres for truly relaxing holidays for the whole family in some of Italy's most beautiful villages, set in unique landscapes. Trentino Region Like Piedmont Piedmont is sure to enchant you with its mountains, hills, typical flavours and uniquely elegant cities An extraordinary heritage of art and history, culture and nature, characterises Piedmont, a region with a thousand faces, one more interesting than the other: cities of rare elegance, mountains that lend themselves to splendid skiing or walking, fascinating villages, hills that are among the best known in the world for their extraordinary wine production. Piedmont Region Like Emilia-Romagna Emilia Romagna, a region of unrivalled charm, with immense artistic beauty and unparalleled hospitality Emilia Romagna with its Riviera Romagnola offers beach tourism that attracts families and young people to its shores every summer. Rich in sites of historical and cultural interest, this region boasts a world-renowned wine and food tradition. Skilful hospitality does the rest, making Emilia Romagna an ideal holiday destination in every season. Video credits: Oliver Astrologo Emilia-Romagna Region Like Basilicata Basilicata, a region of ancient origins, suspended between two seas and with mountains of great beauty Basilicata is a region where the passage of man has left its mark since prehistoric times. With the ancient name of “Lucania”, it is enriched by an incredible artistic heritage. Not to mention its never-boring panorama, which ranges from the Lucanian Dolomites to the Pollino Park, passing through two seas. Basilicata Region Like Apulia Apulia: the sunny region between two seas and warm hospitality in places rich in history Located in the heart of the Mediterranean, it is a magical combination of artefacts, history, art and unspoilt nature, amidst beautiful coastlines and picture-postcard landscapes. This is Puglia, a region of golden beaches and crystal-clear waters, intense flavours and fascinating destinations: Castel del Monte, the trulli, the islands passing through towns kissed by a unique and unforgettable light. Apulia Region Like Molise Molise, a tiny region with grandiose landscapes: come and discover its history and culinary tradition Molise is a region steeped in history, characterised by numerous tasty food and wine delicacies, but also by rich nature reserves and villages that seem crystallised in history. A destination yet to be discovered, amid marvellous seashores and breathtaking high cliffs Molise Discover all regions Villages Like Small and proud, with a focus on sustainability. Here are the most charming rural villages to visit in Italy The small charming towns that in addition to having extraordinary natural settings, proudly protect and promote their roots, culture, food and wine heritage. Encouraging and valorizing traditional lifestyles and activities, simultaneously showing that they know how to develop innovations and sustainability in all areas with commitment and foresight? Credits: Comune di Otricoli 4 minutes Cycling tourism Like Cycling around nature and historic hamlets in Abruzzo Cycling in Abruzzo means immersing yourself in natural settings with parks, hills, sea and lakes over often challenging routes winding spectacularly between ancient hamlets and holy architecture: here are 5 cycling itineraries ideal for an active holiday in green and historic settings. A broad scenario that will also welcome a stage of the Giro d'Italia cycling event. 3 minutes Mobility Like Tax breaks for moving to the charming villages of central and southern Italy An advantageous tax system is in fact dedicated to foreign pension holders who move their residence to small villages in 11 regions of southern and central Italy. When your working life comes to an end, you can start a new life enjoying the pleasures that Italy has to offer: an excellent climate, magnificent historic centres and art to be admired at every turn, a splendid sea, the sea, hills and lakes, and food and wine of the utmost quality. All to be savoured at a leisurely pace. 5 minutes Villages Like Seaside Villages The common denominator shared by these four Italian villages, in addition to their beauty, is the sea. They can also be seen or experienced through different food and wine nuances, as well as proposals for trekking, cycling and spa routes. Not to mention unique historical, artistic and architectural heritages. 2 minutes Villages Like Castelmola, a window over the sea a stone's throw from Taormina It is no coincidence that it is considered among the most beautiful villages in Italy, with breathtaking views, thanks to its altitude of over 500 metres. To complete the picture, several artistic, historical and urban treasures not least the castle and medieval monuments. If you plan a stay in this area, bring comfortable shoes and layered clothing. 3 minutes Villages Like Frosolone: one of the most beautiful Italian villages, in Molise Listed among Italy's Most Beautiful Villages, Frosolone is a small paradise surrounded by nature, perched among the central Apennines in the heart of Molise. About 900 metres above sea level, it is enveloped and embraced by vibrant greenery: a pristine, untouched environment home to ancient trees, ponds and lakes, white rocks and shelters. The village is also known for its history of handcrafting scissors and knives. 3 minutes Discover all villages UNESCO Like Castel del Monte: the fortress of mysteries in Andria Nestled in the Alta Murgia National Park, it is a masterpiece of medieval architecture declared UNESCO World Heritage, full of symbols and mysteries. Ready to discover them all? 4 minutes Museums and monuments Like In the beautiful Gardens of Trauttmansdorff Castle in South Tyrol Covering 12 hectares, the Gardens of Trauttmansdorff Castle in Merano are an amazing collection of exotic and Mediterranean landscapes among the most beautiful in the world. Visiting them is a unique experience for adults and children alike and a rare opportunity to see various botanical environments, animals and art installations up close. Let yourself be intrigued by this South Tyrolean paradise. 2 minutes Villages Like Alto Adige: Merano amid castles, Art Nouveau buildings and spas Visiting it is a pleasure, for its rich vegetation, as well as for its architecture, from the castles and medieval porticoes to the Art Nouveau buildings and the more modern cubic building of the thermal baths. We propose a tour of the city, a mix of the Belle Époque and the contemporary, which will show you a new soul. 3 minutes Museums and monuments Like The Aosta Valley and Its Castles Charming, spectacular Aosta Valley is a region with a lot to offer its visitors. We’ll show you a route created ad hoc, that combines nature, sports and culture: A tour of the fantastic castles of the Aosta Valley. In addition to being well-known for its mountains, this region is also famous for its charming manors that are seemingly one and the same with the surrounding nature, thus making the landscape even more enchanting. This trip can be experienced by car, on horseback, on a bike and even in pleasant carriages. 4 minutes Art and culture Like Castelli Romani Regional Park Villages, ancient towns, villas, Medieval castles, and archaeological ruins animate the Regional Park of the Castelli Romani, in the Province of Rome. Located in the Alban Hills, in the past the Castelli Romani were a favorite resort for the Capital's noble families as well as for Popes. 9,500 hectares of protected land, many animal species, such as badgers, martens, peregrine falcons, porcupines, and especially the wolf (a key component in the local ecosystem) also call this their habitat. Fifteen municipalities make up part of the Park of the Castelli Romani however, for an already-exhaustive window onto the area, organize a tour of just six of them, beginning with Lanuvio, a Medieval village near Velletri. 5 minutes Museums and monuments Like Castles of the Duchy of the Piacenza and Parma area Via Emilia: along the ancient road This itinerary runs along the Via Emilia and precisely along the stretch between the Parma and Piacenza areas, where the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza ruled between 1545 and 1859. One of the world's oldest roads, nowadays known as State Road 9, the Via Emilia is one of Emilia Romagna's prides, as well as being at the origin of the region's very name. Roman road with an epic flavour, in some sections retaining the original cobblestones. Many centuries of history are encompassed here, from the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment, scattered traces of culture and architecture. Nearby are castles, fortresses and manor houses, extraordinary examples of the art of fortification. Along the route, the landscape changes from the Bassa Padana to the Apennines of Emilia, in a panorama of hills covered with vineyards, streams and verdant valleys. A plunge into medieval atmospheres and witnessing of historical re-enactments in costume. The itinerary is exciting for everyone, including children; educational and exploratory workshops and even a magical Fairy Tale Park in Gropparello are dedicated to them. To make the day truly enjoyable, don't forget to organise a picnic on the lawn, as well as a stop at taverns and castle markets. If you like honest restaurants, you will find many on this stretch of road where you can enjoy renowned cured meats accompanied by local CDO wines. 3 minutes Like Restourants Pizzerias, trattorias, farmhouses, taverns and wine bars: Italian cuisine satisfies every palate, even the most difficult. Food and wine Like Umbria, on the pursuit of flavor Umbria contributes with many products to create the mosaic of what is defined as the good Italian table; with its many varieties of oil and wine, with the products originating from the skillful processing of pork, and finally thanks to the fragrant truffles that nature provides in these parts. 3 minutes Food and wine Like Tuscany's extra virgin olive oil villages It is not easy to find experiences and locations in Tuscany that have not already been minutely recounted and extolled by travellers of all ages and backgrounds. Indeed, this region, with its wonders of art and landscape, occupies a privileged place on the Olympus of world tourism. By changing the point of view, however, and going in search of not only the places of architecture and history but also, for example, the areas best known for the production of a specific product of enogastronomic excellence, one can still make unexpected discoveries, visiting a land, Tuscany, that never ceases to amaze. It is around extra virgin olive oil and other Tuscan flavours that this itinerary is based, developed through a number of inland villages in the provinces of Florence, Pisa and Lucca; villages that have managed to keep their identity intact, linked to ancient farming traditions, as well as, and this is inevitable in Tuscany, to the monuments that have made their history. Thus we will pass slightly off the most frequented Tuscan routes, among the historical centres and the immediate surroundings of Barberino Tavarnelle, Vicopisano and Montecarlo, small villages with an authentic appearance, ideal destinations for slow and conscious tourism. With this in mind, it is not surprising to learn that the three resorts boast the Orange Flag award from the Italian Touring Club, testifying to the excellent quality of their tourist offer. Powered by: Food and wine Like Modica’s chocolate Modica is a charming town located at the confluence of two rivers in the province of Ragusa, famous for its artistic treasures, but also for an ancient tradition of confectionery. Although it was included in the UNESCO World Heritage List together with the Val di Noto in 2002 because of its important baroque architectural historical centre, Modica is known around the world for its chocolate. 2 minutes Food and wine Like Gastronomic tourism: a tour to discover the cheeses of Lombardy These itineraries, as well as dedicated festivals, are a perfect way to discover the cheeses of Lombardy. Some of Italy’s most famous dairy products, which are also well known abroad, originate from this area. Let’s take a closer look. 3 minutes Food and wine Like Sweet or bitter? The fine cuisine of traditional Abruzzo The folk wisdom of an ancient people, combined with the millennial knowledge preserved in the many monasteries, has been able to combine taste with an indisputable archaic knowledge of flowers, fruits and aromatic herbs, their properties, their scents and flavours, giving rise to high quality distillates, highly appreciated even outside the region. Powered by: 5 minutes Discover all cities All UNESCO sites Discover all regions Discover all villages Events Live Italy Previous Event Like 10 March - 17 March Almond Blossom Festival Sicily, Agrigento Art and culture Like 25 April - 28 April Comicon Naples: the most important network of pop events in Italy Campania, Napoli Art and culture Like 24 February - 30 June Pre-Raphaelites: Modern Renaissance Emilia-Romagna, Forlì Sport Like 10 March Brescia Art Marathon 2024 Lombardia, Brescia Sport Like 09 March GUINNESS SIX NATIONS 2024 Lazio, Roma Sport Like 17 March Acea Run Rome The Marathon Lazio, Roma Food and wine Like 18 May - 20 May Best Wine Stars 2024 Lombardia, Milano Food and wine Like 23 March - 25 March Paestum wine festival 2024 Campania, Capaccio Paestum Music Like 01 May May Day concert Lazio, Rome Handcrafts and design Like 16 April - 21 April Salone del Mobile 2024 Lombardia, Rho Shopping Like Arezzo Antiques Fair Toscana, Arezzo Art and culture Like 27 September - 29 September Catania Book Festival Sicily, Catania Sport Like 04 May - 26 May Giro d’Italia 2024 Italy Sport Like 30 August - 01 September 2024 MONZA FORMULA 1 GRAND PRIX Lombardia, Monza Sport Like 17 May - 19 May Made in Italy and Emilia Romagna Formula 1 Grand Prix Emilia-Romagna, Imola Art and culture Like 24 May - 26 May The Pistoia Dialogues Toscana, Pistoia Event Like 17 March - 19 March CiocoPapà Emilia-Romagna, Cattolica Traditions Like 24 March The "Parme" of Bova Calabria, Bova Traditions Like 29 March Mysteries of Trapani Sicily, Trapani Event Like 19 March Bonfires light up Bovino for Saint Joseph’s Day Puglia, Bovino Next Find out more Italy Discover Italy Aosta Valley Piedmont Lombardy Trentino South Tyrol Veneto Friuli-Venezia Giulia Liguria Emilia-Romagna Tuscany Umbria Marche Sardinia Lazio Abruzzo Campania Molise Apulia Basilicata Calabria Sicily Previous Next Aosta Valley The Aosta Valley is a paradise for visitors seeking outdoor experiences in nature while exploring history and traditions The smallest region in Italy, dotted with the highest peaks in the Alps, it is the ideal destination for anyone who enjoys winter sports and high-altitude walks. Its green valleys and fairy-tale castles make the Aosta Valley an enchanting place to experience all year round. Discover Piedmont Piedmont is sure to enchant you with its mountains, hills, typical flavours and uniquely elegant cities An extraordinary heritage of art and history, culture and nature, characterises Piedmont, a region with a thousand faces, one more interesting than the other: cities of rare elegance, mountains that lend themselves to splendid skiing or walking, fascinating villages, hills that are among the best known in the world for their extraordinary wine production. Discover Lombardy Lombardy: a dynamic land immersed in the present and reaching toward the future, but with an extraordinary heritage of art and nature Lombardy is a region in the north of Italy known for its industry and finance, of course, but also for its art and extraordinary landscapes, starting with the picturesque lakes and its mountains, Valcamonica and Valtellina in primis. Capital and symbolic city, Milan represents the industrious heart that goes hand in hand with other cities with a vibrant spirit. Discover Trentino Trentino is sure to amaze you with its immense natural heritage, the spectacular splendour of the Dolomites and fascinating sites steeped in history Discover Trentino’s culture of slow travel, taking the time to savour every corner among nature and cultural trails and educational farms. You will find hundreds of hotels offering wellness centres for truly relaxing holidays for the whole family in some of Italy's most beautiful villages, set in unique landscapes. Discover South Tyrol Alto Adige is a dream place to discover all year round amidst green valleys and snow-capped peaks Combine the relaxation of spa treatments with the pleasure of fun in the snow for a real wellness boost amidst Alpine lakes, beautiful villages and state-of-the-art ski facilities suitable for all ages. All this and more in the majestic scenery of the Dolomites, a UNESCO World Heritage site in Alto Adige. Discover Veneto Veneto, a region of wonder, with cities of art of undisputed beauty, as well as the most pristine nature The beauty of Lake Garda, the charm of the Dolomites, the sea of Jesolo, the hills covered with vineyards and the relaxing thermal baths, on top of an immense artistic and historical heritage, elegant cities such as Venice and Verona, quaint villages and breathtaking landscapes. Veneto is all this and much more. Discover Friuli-Venezia Giulia Friuli-Venezia Giulia Friuli Venezia Giulia: a treasure chest nestled between sea and mountains A border region sandwiched between the Friulian Dolomites and the Upper Adriatic, blessed with an immense cultural heritage resulting from the influence of different cultures and peoples, cosmopolitan and modern, Friuli Venezia Giulia will also seduce you with its temptations of relaxation, sport and fun. Discover Liguria Tucked-away villages, secret little beaches and superb nature: how enchanting Liguria is! Liguria is a wonderful strip of land enclosed between the sea and the mountains, with pastel-coloured houses and breathtaking views. With lush unspoilt nature, many small towns to discover and an incomparable culinary tradition, it enraptures the eye and the heart. Discover Emilia-Romagna Emilia Romagna, a region of unrivalled charm, with immense artistic beauty and unparalleled hospitality Emilia Romagna with its Riviera Romagnola offers beach tourism that attracts families and young people to its shores every summer. Rich in sites of historical and cultural interest, this region boasts a world-renowned wine and food tradition. Skilful hospitality does the rest, making Emilia Romagna an ideal holiday destination in every season. Video credits: Oliver Astrologo Discover Tuscany Tuscany will win you over with its unique landscapes, cities of art, thousand-year-old history and fantastic food Tuscany’s magical atmosphere evolves day by day as you stroll around the cities of art, cycle in the parks, enjoy the sea or savour its typical products, in a region with a one-of-a-kind natural, cultural and historical heritage that has fascinated visitors for centuries. Discover Umbria From Assisi to Perugia, via Gubbio, Lake Trasimeno and Marmore Falls: Umbria is a truly enchanting tourist destination Peaks covered in lush forests and large valleys outlined by rivers, lakes and waterfalls; sorrounded by villages and castles, crossed by paths steeped in history, art and culture, in a natural environment that helps to restore the body and soul: Umbria, the Green Heart of Italy, is all this and much more. Discover Marche Le Marche, a plunge into the history, art and architecture of a region with the scent of the sea and redolent of traditions and hospitality A great variety of landscapes and an infinite range of colours that make the area's natural beauty incomparable, plus an artistic heritage that fears no comparison: this is how the Marches, with an area of no more than 10,000 square kilometres, will captivate you forever. Discover Sardinia Sardinia: a journey to the island of the emerald sea, nuraghi, unspoilt nature and millenary traditions Crystal-clear waters, beaches of soft, white sand, granite rocks framed by wild, fragrant Mediterranean scrub: welcome to Sardinia, an island of a thousand contrasts that will also seduce you with its unique archaeological heritage and its people's innate sense of hospitality. Discover Lazio Lazio is not only Rome: landscapes and monuments of Lazio Rome, the capital of Italy and a unique open-air museum in the world, is enough to make Lazio one of the most beautiful and interesting regions. Even in terms of landscape, it boasts an area of great impact and remarkable variety, with its long coastline, beautiful hills and Apennine mountains. A destination to fall in love with. Discover Abruzzo Abruzzo, a journey through history between sea, mountains, flavours and unspoilt nature in parks and protected areas A region in central Italy, Abruzzo has two souls and one heart. Predominantly mountainous and hilly, it overlooks a beautiful stretch of the Adriatic Sea. Here, you will find the highest peaks of the Apennines, such as the Gran Sasso and the Majella massif, as well as the only Apennine glacier, but also some of the most popular beaches. Discover Campania Campania offers landscapes, history, culture and a gastronomic tradition that the whole world envies A consistently mild climate, lush nature framing breathtaking landscapes, unspoilt villages and fairy-tale coastlines: this is Campania, a region that sums up centuries of cultures, between West and East, in a single Mediterranean jewel known for its unparalleled hospitality. A destination for the soul, the eyes and the palate. Discover Molise Molise, a tiny region with grandiose landscapes: come and discover its history and culinary tradition Molise is a region steeped in history, characterised by numerous tasty food and wine delicacies, but also by rich nature reserves and villages that seem crystallised in history. A destination yet to be discovered, amid marvellous seashores and breathtaking high cliffs Discover Apulia Apulia: the sunny region between two seas and warm hospitality in places rich in history Located in the heart of the Mediterranean, it is a magical combination of artefacts, history, art and unspoilt nature, amidst beautiful coastlines and picture-postcard landscapes. This is Puglia, a region of golden beaches and crystal-clear waters, intense flavours and fascinating destinations: Castel del Monte, the trulli, the islands passing through towns kissed by a unique and unforgettable light. Discover Basilicata Basilicata, a region of ancient origins, suspended between two seas and with mountains of great beauty Basilicata is a region where the passage of man has left its mark since prehistoric times. With the ancient name of “Lucania”, it is enriched by an incredible artistic heritage. Not to mention its never-boring panorama, which ranges from the Lucanian Dolomites to the Pollino Park, passing through two seas. Discover Calabria Calabria is the region of crystal-clear sea, the Riace Bronzes, Reggio Calabria and Capo Vaticano, a captivating mix of history and beauty Calabria, also known as the tip of the Italian boot, is a region in Southern Italy characterised by the incredible diversity of its landscapes, with the proximity of mountains to a splendid sea that attracts tourists from all over the world. Discover Sicily A dive into Sicily, where a sea of art, culture and nature will seduce you and become eternal love A predominantly hilly and mountainous area, but one that wins the hearts of tourists from all over the world with its wonderful sea and rich cities with a charm all their own. Sicily is a picture-postcard island characterised by the indelible marks of the people who have lived there and made it unique, amidst artistic and cultural testimonies of enormous value. Discover Close map Explore the territory MAGAZINE The source of inspiration for your Italian adventures View all Museums and monuments Like The most famous Italian monuments to visit at least once in a lifetime 4 minutes Sport Like The Milan-Cortina 2026 Winter Olympics are approaching: here's what to expect 5 minutes Business Like 7 unique experiences to enjoy in Italy even while on a business trip 3 minutes Theatre Like Discovering Italy's most important theatres, special destinations for a unique experience 5 minutes Discover them all Heritage tourism Rediscovering one's Italian origins Find out more FOOD AND WINE Italian cuisine around the world: a treasure that knows no boundaries Find out more Interests Create your ideal journey Nature Art and culture Food and wine Sport Leisure Events Relax and wellness Spirituality Shopping & Markets Cycling Tourism Itinerary Excursions Social Wall Italy seen by you Join the @italiait community and post your experiences Find out more STAY WITH US Continue living like an Italian Subscribe to the Newsletter so as not to miss places, events and experiences for experiencing the best side of Italy: the authentic one. EMAIL Invalid email address Confirm Keep up to date Would you like to learn about the most authentic experiences to be had in Italy, stay up to date on the most interesting events, discover our special offers and receive lots of insider hints and tips? Information on the website Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms and Conditions Contact us Useful links Enit-national tourism agency Ministry of tourism Open Library Interoperability guidelines Login Login / Sign up Information on the website Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms and Conditions Contact us Useful links Enit-national tourism agency Ministry of tourism Open Library Interoperability guidelines Let’s keep in touch Login Login / Sign up Save your favorite places Create an account or log in to save your wishlist Sign up Do you already have an account? Sign in Sign up Share Copy Link Ops! An error occurred while sharing your content. Please accept profiling cookies to share the page. Cancel Customize