Melbourne, Australia - visitmelbourne.com - Official travel and accommodation site Please enable JavaScript in order to get the best experience when using this site. Jump to main navigation Jump to main content Official site for Melbourne, Victoria, Australia Subscribe Languages English 한국어 日本語 中文简体 中文繁體 Deutsch Español Français Italiano Search Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results Navigation Get the latest to plan your next Victorian adventure. Subscribe to our newsletter Melbourne & Victoria From urban laneways to regional towns, there's something new around every corner. Carlton Wine Room Image: Carlton Wine Room, Carlton, Melbourne. Inspiration Wilsons Promontory National parks & reserves Wilsons Promontory National Park sits at the southernmost tip of the Australian mainland, offering visitors stunning scenery and wildlife. Penguins Wildlife Meet the island's famous penguins and experience that electrifying moment as you spot the first one emerge from the sea and waddle along the beach. Coffee Food & wine Get a taste for Melbourne's serious coffee culture with a perfect brew or take-home beans from favourite local coffee roasters and cafes. Beaches Nature & wildlife Relax in the summer sun on calm bay beaches across Melbourne. Enjoy popular swimming spots at St Kilda and landmark bathing huts at Brighton. Breezy botanicals Eat & drink It's a breeze dropping by these regional gin distilleries on a day trip. Sit down to tastings and masterclasses or create your own gin paddles. 7 epic campervan road trips Features Explore rugged coastlines, mountain ranges and dusty open roads on a trip through Victoria’s regions in your campervan. } Unable to get data Major events See all Formula 1® Australian Grand Prix Motor sport 21 - 24 Mar 2024 Get the motor running and enjoy a long weekend of F1 action on and off the track including motor shows, air displays and of course, the big race. Rip Curl Pro Bells Beach Presented by Bonsoy Sports events 26 Mar - 05 Apr 2024 The World Surf League is returning to Bells Beach, for the Rip Curl Pro Bells Beach presented by Bonsoy, the longest-running event on the World Surf League's... Melbourne International Comedy Festival Comedy 27 Mar - 21 Apr 2024 Laugh, chortle, giggle and snort at everything from wry young hipsters and slapstick heroes to musical comedy and good ol’ timey cabaret stars. Melbourne Cup Carnival Horse racing 02 - 09 Nov 2024 Be part of Australia’s most loved and iconic world-class event, the Melbourne Cup Carnival. Experience this incredible event that combines sport, entertainment,... Watch Play video See the Great Ocean Road (0:41) Video Play video A day in Melbourne Video Play video Beaches and waterways (0:30) Video Keep up to date Get the latest inspiration to plan your next Victorian adventure Subscribe Site footer We acknowledge the First Peoples throughout Victoria and their ongoing connection to the land and waters. We pay our respects to their culture, knowledge and Elders past and present. Corporate site Business events List your business List your event Legal notices Privacy policy Contact us Sitemap Twitter Instagram YouTube Facebook TikTok Pinterest Spotify Back to top