Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia – Official Travel Guide Skip to main content We use cookies on our website to provide you with the best possible web experience. By using this website, you consent to the use of all cookies. ACCEPT Things to Do Things to See & Do in Cape BretonView All Close Things to Do View All Culture & Heritage Music & The Arts Outdoor Adventure Coastal Adventure Culinary Activities Golf Motorcycling Celtic Colours Festival Experiences Fortress of Louisbourg Festivals & Events Celtic Heart of North America Places To Go See all the Places to GoView All Close Places To Go View All Cabot Trail Cape Breton Highlands National Park Canada’s Musical Coast Bras d’Or Lake Louisbourg Area Cape Breton’s South Coast Sydney Area/Marconi Trail Accommodations Accommodations in Cape BretonView All Close Accommodations View All Hotels & Motels Campgrounds Cottages Bed & Breakfasts Inns Hostels Trip Ideas Trip Ideas in Cape BretonView All Close Trip Ideas View All Fall For Cape Breton Experiences & Packages Winter Locals Know Blog Waterfall Season Featured Partners About the Island About Cape Breton View All Close About the Island View All Getting Here & Around The Island History & Heritage People & Cultures Climate & Weather Practical Information Visitor Centres Videos Menu Search for: Search Blogs Events Search Search for: Search Sign up for our newsletter! Things to Do Things to See & Do in Cape BretonView All Close Things to Do View All Culture & Heritage Music & The Arts Outdoor Adventure Coastal Adventure Culinary Activities Golf Motorcycling Celtic Colours Festival Experiences Fortress of Louisbourg Festivals & Events Celtic Heart of North America Places To Go See all the Places to GoView All Close Places To Go View All Cabot Trail Cape Breton Highlands National Park Canada’s Musical Coast Bras d’Or Lake Louisbourg Area Cape Breton’s South Coast Sydney Area/Marconi Trail Accommodations Accommodations in Cape BretonView All Close Accommodations View All Hotels & Motels Campgrounds Cottages Bed & Breakfasts Inns Hostels Trip Ideas Trip Ideas in Cape BretonView All Close Trip Ideas View All Fall For Cape Breton Experiences & Packages Winter Locals Know Blog Waterfall Season Featured Partners About the Island About Cape Breton View All Close About the Island View All Getting Here & Around The Island History & Heritage People & Cultures Climate & Weather Practical Information Visitor Centres Videos Menu Header Item 1 Learn More Scroll Welcome to Cape Breton Island on Canada’s Atlantic Coast Cape Breton Island’s story is told in many ways. It’s etched in her craggy cliffs. Written in the trails that marble her face. Spoken in four languages and celebrated in her music and dance. Alive in the millennia-old history of Unama’ki—Cape Breton Island’s true name, the ancestral and unceded territory of the Mi’kmaw People. To know our Island is to know she’s an unyielding beauty, one who breeds a fierce spirit, resolute pride, and resilient communities knit together by tradition. Pjila’si, Cíad Míle Fáilte, Bienvenue—welcome to a place loved by many and home to a lucky few. Explore Canada's Favourite Island See for yourself why Cape Breton Island continues to be recognized as the #1 Island in Canada #1 Island in North America Cape Breton Island has been ranked the #1 Island in North America by Condé Nast Traveler readers and #1 Island in Canada by Travel + Leisure readers. These awards honour the top travel destinations and companies around the globe. Top 10 Experiences Cabot Trail Rising from the sea and clinging to mountains, the 298-kilometre-long Cabot Trail is a winding mix of roadway, paths, stairs and stunning beauty that takes you from unreal ocean vistas to quaint fishing villages. The Ultimate Road Trip! Things To Do Not just another pretty place. Here, you’ll find a lifetime of adventure packed on our 110-mile long Island. Start Planning Warm Up to Winter Enjoy the slopes by day. Cozy fireside dining after a great day of shopping with local artisans. Explore our 1100km of groomed trails on a snowmobile or by snowshoe. No matter what you decide to do, winter in Cape Breton has something for everyone. Learn More Featured Partners View All Partners Donelda's Puffin Boat Tours Located 20 minutes east of Baddeck, we are the Cabot Trail’s only Bird Island boat tour going to the nesting grounds of the Atlantic Puffin. Puffins guaranteed during their season. Learn More Glass Artisans Studio & Gallery A diverse gallery, flameworking studio, casting and cold Working Studio and glass blowing studio. Demonstrations allow you to talk to the artist and experience the mesmerizing art-form first hand! Learn More Lakeside Luxury Domes Situated on stunning Bras d’Or Lake on Cape Breton Island, we offer our guests striking views from every dome. Experience comfort and extensive amenities, with a luxury glamping getaway experience. Learn More Ahead by a Century Discover Alexander Graham Bell’s early life, and dive deep into the innovative mind of this world-famous inventor! Learn More Whisky with a side of tunes & a place to stay! Proudly known as North America's 1st single malt whisky distillery, Glenora Inn & Distillery is located in a picturesque glen. Stay at one of the most charming whisky distilleries in the world. Learn More The Marvellous Mrs. Mabel Learn about the extraordinary life of Mabel Hubbard Bell this summer! Learn More LeNoir Forge - Blacksmithing Experience Visit one of the oldest stone buildings on Cape Breton & learn about the traditional art of blacksmithing. Demonstrations are held Tuesday and Thursday throughout the summer Learn More Dining, with a view from the other side! Come and enjoy some of Sydney's best seafood dishes while watching the sunset light up the downtown skyline from the other side of Sydney's picturesque harbour. Learn More Margaree River Tubing Take a break and relax on the world-famous Margaree River. Let the currents carry you downstream as you dip your toes in the river. Learn More Tasting experience at Island Folk Cider House Join us for a tasting and learn about the cider-making process or soak up the sunshine while sipping a pint in our outdoor space. Learn More Granville Green Concert Series The infamous oceanside Granville Green Concert Series has been a trademark of the beautiful summers here in the Town of Port Hawkesbury for almost 30 years. 7pm every Sunday from July 2-August 6. Learn More Eskasoni Cultural Journeys Discover authentic Mi’kmaw culture along our 2.4 km trail on Goat Island. A true acknowledgement of the life of the Mi’kmaq, historically & modern day, we invite visitors to share in a unique story. Learn More View All Partners Take a picture. Leave your heart. #VisitCapeBreton Locals Know Blogs Read More Stories Cape Breton Island's Epic Winter Bucket List Continue Reading Read through and see how many places, views, and experiences you can check off from this Epic Winter Bucket List! Continue Reading 4 Winter Days Along the Cabot Trail Continue Reading Join Ashley MacDonald, one of our Adventure Ambassadors, on an outdoor adventure along the Cabot Trail. If you enjoy skiing, snowboarding, snowshoeing or just the sound of nature, you'll enjoy this blog! Continue Reading 7 Places for great Winter Eats Continue Reading It’s time to find the heartiest, homemade meal on Cape Breton Island this winter. Our Island offers many options to chase away the chill. Continue Reading 5 Ingredients for a Snowmobiling Getaway! Continue Reading Are you a fan of snowmobiling? Then you'll love our 5 top ingredients for snowmobiling around the Island. Continue Reading 7 Unique Places to Stay This Winter Continue Reading Many marvel at the breathtaking views Cape Breton has in the summertime, but have you ever truly appreciated unwinding in our gorgeous winter? These snowy escapes could become your new favourite way to recharge this season. Continue Reading Read More Stories Easy to Find. Hard to Leave. There are direct flights to Sydney from Toronto and Montreal and from other North American and European cities via those cities. If traveling by ground, the Trans-Canada Highway 104 leads to Cape Breton Island. Getting Here and Around Don’t Be a Stranger The Best Cape Breton Island has to offer, direct to your inbox. Full Name (required)*Email (required)* *I have read and accept the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 2024 Winter Adventure Guide + Travel Map Fill your bucket list this winter with adventure, experiences and views. View Winter Guide View Travel Map In This SiteThings to Do Places To Go Accommodations Trip Ideas About the Island Events Visitor Centres Our WebsitesCorporate / Tourism Industry Site Events Cape Breton Travel Media Contact Destination Cape Breton 20 Keltic Drive Sydney River, NS B1S 1P5(902) 563-4636[email protected] Contact Us Connect With Us Ratings for many Cape Breton locations on this site are provided by TripAdvisor. © Destination Cape Breton Association Inc. 2024 Privacy Policy