Home - Transgender Law Center Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentTransgender Law CenterMaking Authentic Lives PossibleAbout Us Careers, Internships and Volunteer Opportunities Annual Reports Financials Events Trans Agenda We Keep Us Safe Legal Impact Litigation Legal Services Project Attorney Solidarity Network Prison Mail Program Border Butterflies Project Cases Resources Programs Positively Trans (T+) Disability Project Black Trans Circles Gender Justice Leadership Programs Black LGBTQIA+ Migrant Project (BLMP) Reports Get Help News Journalist Resources Support TLC Donate Ways to Give Trans Liberation Circle Volunteer Donate Show SearchSearch this website Hide SearchSafe Exit Transgender Law Center Transgender Law Center is the largest national trans-led organization advocating self-determination for all people. Since 2002 we’ve been organizing, assisting, informing and empowering thousands of individual community members towards a long-term, national, trans-led movement for liberation. About us Announcement Announcing our new Executive Director and Co-Directors of Policy and Programs! Shelby Chestnut, Executive DirectorMickaela Bradford and Mariah Moore, Co-Directors of Policy and Programs Read more about Shelby Trans Agenda Grounded in legal expertise and committed to racial justice, we employ a variety of community-driven strategies to keep transgender and gender nonconforming people alive, thriving, and fighting for liberation. Learn more about the Trans Agenda Programs Positively Trans Transgender people living with HIV are capable of forming our own network, telling our own stories, and developing our own advocacy strategies – and TLC’s Positively Trans program is the proof. Read More about Positively Trans Disability Project Housed at Transgender Law Center through a 2019 Soros Justice Fellowship, the Disability Project magnifies the leadership, collective power, and visibility of LGBTQ disabled/Deaf/ill constituents. Read More about the Disability Project Black Trans Circles Black Trans Circles (BTC) develops the leadership of Black trans women in the South and Midwest through the creation of healing justice spaces to work through oppression-based trauma. Read More about Black Trans Circles Gender Justice Leadership Programs TRUTH, a collaboration between Transgender Law Center and GSA Network, is a national trans and gender nonconforming youth leadership and storytelling program. Read More about Gender Justice Leadership Programs Get Help From employment and housing discrimination to criminalization and violence, transgender people are often forced to engage with a legal system that wasn’t built for us. Even something as basic as correcting our identity documents to reflect who we truly are can be a confusing, overwhelming, and isolating process. By maintaining a robust collection of resources and publications, TLC does our best to guide you through some of the more common legal challenges and questions transgender people encounter. If you can’t find an answer in our publications, our Legal Information Helpdesk is here to respond to your questions and refer you to other resources and members of our pro bono network for support. Get Help Legal TLC has a long history of victories for the trans movement, from winning rights for trans workers nationwide in Macy v. Holder (EEOC 2012) to the first federal appellate court decision protecting trans students under federal statutory and constitutional law in Whitaker v. Kenosha Unified School District (7th Cir. 2017). Legal Services Project The Legal Services Project (LSP) utilizes the knowledge and power of community to equip trans people to assert their rights by sharing legal information and resources. Read More about LSP Litigation TLC’s impact litigation team uses lawsuits and advocacy to fight the criminalization of trans lives, through victories in the courts, policy advocacy, and by raising the profile of issues affecting our communities. Read More about Litigation Resources By maintaining a robust collection of resources and publications, TLC does our best to guide you through some of the more common legal challenges and questions transgender people encounter. Read More about TLC Resources Border Butterflies Project Border Butterflies is a coordinated coalitional response to the crisis of LGBTQ+ asylum seekers at the U.S. southern border. Read More about the Border Butterflies Project Support TLC Transgender Law Center appreciates your support to keep trans and gender nonconforming people alive, thriving, and fighting for liberation. By donating, volunteering, and participating in events, you are playing a critical role in our work for trans liberation. Donate Volunteer Other Ways to Give Explore moreGet Help The Legal Information Helpdesk provides basic information about laws and policies in the United States that affect transgender people across many areas, including employment, health care, housing, civil rights, immigration, prisoners’ rights, and identity document changes. Get Help Footer Transgender Law Center changes law, policy, and attitudes so that all people can live safely, authentically, and free from discrimination regardless of their gender identity or expression. EIN (tax identification number): 05-0544006 Accessibility Statement Contact TLC Phone: 510-587-9696 Collect line for people in prison and detention: 510-380-8229 Email: [email protected] Transgender Law Center PO Box 70976 Oakland, CA 94612-0976 For donations: Transgender Law Center P. O. Box 741803 Los Angeles, CA 90074-1803 Quick Links About Us Trans Agenda Legal Work Get Help Programs News Support TLC Connect with TLC Subscribe to TLC Newsletter Press Releases and Media Requests Copyright © 2005–2024 • Transgender Law CenterLoading...