Seattle Children's Skip to navigation menu Skip to content High Priority Alert View our masking and visitation guidelines based on current rates of respiratory illnesses in the community. Close alert MyChart Telemedicine COVID-19 Healthcare Professionals Careers Alerts Donate Now I want to … Go to MyChart Find a Doctor Make an Appointment Cancel an Appointment Find a Location Visit ED or Urgent Care Get Driving Directions Refill a Prescription Contact Children's Pay My Bill Estimate My Cost Apply for Financial Assistance Request My Medical Records Find Patient Education Volunteer Donate Refer and Manage a Patient Search Search Search Search Search Search Icon Your VisitConditionsClinicsResearchHealth & SafetyGivingPress Room MyChart Telemedicine COVID-19 Healthcare Professionals Careers Alerts Donate Now Menu I want to … Go to MyChart Find a Doctor Make an Appointment Cancel an Appointment Find a Location Visit ED or Urgent Care Get Driving Directions Refill a Prescription Contact Children's Pay My Bill Estimate My Cost Apply for Financial Assistance Request My Medical Records Find Patient Education Volunteer Donate Refer and Manage a Patient Donate Now Our brain tumor team tops the charts. Their expertise means Aisley can, too. Meet Our Experts See Her Story Compassionate Care Ranked Among the Best for More Than 30 Years We’re honored to share that U.S. News & World Report has named Seattle Children’s among the best children’s hospitals in the nation for 2023–2024. Find a Clinical Trial Breakthroughs for All Kid-Kind Our dedicated researchers are working relentlessly to improve treatments for more than 200 diseases and conditions to discover the most effective, least invasive and best options for the kids who need it most. Subscribe to Our Donor eNews Please stay connected to us for the latest on events, breaking news and how you can get involved at Seattle Children's. Subscribe now Donate Now Your support means brighter futures for kids. Connection Your giving has brought hope, care and cures to families across our region. Learn how our generous community of donors makes a difference for kids. On the Pulse Virtual Urgent Care Opens at Seattle Children’s The new Virtual Urgent Care expands services beyond our four in-person urgent care locations, brings care closer to home and increases access to urgent care for kids and teens across the state. Read More Contact & Locations Seattle Children's Hospital 4800 Sand Point Way NE Seattle, WA 98105 Hospital Map and Directions Regional Clinics & Other Locations Phone 206-987-2000 866-987-2000 (Toll Free) 866-583-1527 (Interpreter Services) 206-987-0391 (TTY) 206-987-2226 (Driving Directions) Urgent Care Clinics For minor illnesses and injuries, please schedule an appointment at Bellevue, Everett, Federal Way or Seattle. Emergency Department Open 24 hours, 7 days a week for children up to age 21 in Seattle. If your child's illness or injury is life-threatening, call 911. Paying for Care Learn about paying for care at Seattle Children's: Apply for Financial Assistance Insurance Coverage Pay Your Bill Events March Fri 15 Alyssa Burnett Center - 2024 Winter Showcase Fri 22 Toast to Tots Wed 27 Jersey Mike's Day of Giving More Events About Us About Seattle Children’s Contact Us Locations Visiting Seattle Children’s Press Releases Community Healthcare Professionals Events Classes Volunteering Growing for Future Grown-Ups Anti-Racism & EDI Center for Diversity and Health Equity Health Equity and Anti-Racism Values Nondiscrimination and Interpreters Notice Accessibility and Special Needs About This Site About This Website Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Notice of Privacy Practices Employees Working from Home and Remote Access Help Vendors ©1995–2024 Seattle Children’s Hospital 4800 Sand Point Way NE, Seattle, WA 98105 206-987-2000 | 866-987-2000 (toll-free) | 206-987-0391 (TTY) Seattle Children’s complies with applicable federal and other civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude people or treat them differently based on race, color, religion (creed), sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin (ancestry), age, disability, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Financial assistance for medically necessary services is based on family income and hospital resources and is provided to children under age 21 whose primary residence is in Washington, Alaska, Montana or Idaho. By clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in marketing efforts. For more information, see Website Privacy. Accept All Cookies