Sun Sentinel – Sun Sentinel: Your source for South Florida breaking news, sports, business, entertainment, weather and traffic Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 73°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 Daily e-Edition Evening e-Edition Home Page Close MenuDaily e-Edition Evening e-Edition Sign Up for Newsletters Local News Local News Broward County Palm Beach County Miami-Dade County Delray Sun Boca Times West Boca Times Gateway Gazette Palm Beach County community e-editions Weather News Weather News Forecasts and Conditions Hurricane Tracks Storms & Hurricanes Politics Politics Election 2024 Health Medicare Things To Do Things To Do Restaurants Horoscopes Events Arts Theater Sports Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Florida Panthers Miami Marlins Inter Miami UM Hurricanes FAU Owls High School Sports Business Business Consumer Reviews Retail Real Estate Real Estate Featured Homes Agents Brokers Open Houses Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Education Travel Travel Florida Cruise Guide Explore Florida Florida Jewish Journal Florida Jewish Journal Jewish Journal Opinion Broward Jewish News Miami-Dade Jewish News Palm Beach Jewish News E-Newspaper City & Shore Magazine Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Branded Content Paid Partner Content Advertising by Ascend Paid Content by Brandpoint Classified Advertise Advertise About our Ads Close Menu Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Search Sun Sentinel 73°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 Daily e-Edition Evening e-Edition Election 2024 Sports Local News Restaurants Real Estate Things To Do Opinion Lottery Puzzles Obituaries Trending: Photos: Spring Break Best BBQ nominations Dolphins Podcast Featured State Democratic Party suspends Palm Beach County Democratic chair Nikki Fried, chair of the Florida Democratic Party, has suspended Palm Beach County Democratic Chair Mindy Koch, along with the party leaders in Miami-Dade and Franklin counties, effective immediately. The shake-ups come just eight months before Election Day. After JetBlue and Spirit part ways, South Florida retains its ‘hometown’ airline, but what’s next? Stink-free beaches: Masses of seaweed likely won’t reach Florida until May, researchers say This road with construction in Boca Raton has long frustrated drivers. There’s relief in sight. ‘Whitney Houston gave us something to believe in’: Jazz singer Nicole Henry brings unifying soundtrack to Broward Center Latest Headlines Appeals court rejects DeSantis’ ‘Stop WOKE’ training rules for businesses 10 hours ago Western High debate coach’s arrest has prompted an audit and reassignment 11 hours ago FAU poll shows 1 in 7 Republicans don’t plan to vote for Trump in November 15 hours ago March is a magnificent month for music in South Florida — here are the greatest hits 11 hours ago Florida Senate OKs revised social media ban for kids, sends to House for final vote 12 hours ago ‘He can throw the ball, man’: What Mario Cristobal, Hurricanes teammates have to say about star Cam Ward 15 hours ago Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack 7 hours ago Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Most PopularMost PopularWestern High debate coach’s arrest has prompted an audit and reassignmentWestern High debate coach's arrest has prompted an audit and reassignmentOne person killed after pickup crashes in TamaracOne person killed after pickup crashes in TamaracState Democratic Party suspends Palm Beach County Democratic chairState Democratic Party suspends Palm Beach County Democratic chairSupreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attackSupreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attackFlorida school principals could be penalized under proposed book ruleFlorida school principals could be penalized under proposed book ruleUpscale Las Olas Ocean megaproject would rise on prime corner of Fort Lauderdale Beach. Will the Elbo Room survive?Upscale Las Olas Ocean megaproject would rise on prime corner of Fort Lauderdale Beach. Will the Elbo Room survive?After JetBlue and Spirit part ways, South Florida retains its ‘hometown’ airline, but what’s next?After JetBlue and Spirit part ways, South Florida retains its 'hometown' airline, but what's next?ASK IRA: Is there time for the Heat to unlock opposing height advantages?ASK IRA: Is there time for the Heat to unlock opposing height advantages?Man accused of beating mother of his unborn baby, killing 5-month-old fetusMan accused of beating mother of his unborn baby, killing 5-month-old fetusTen prospects who improved their draft stock at the combine — and might interest DolphinsTen prospects who improved their draft stock at the combine — and might interest Dolphins Local News Measles Q&A: Do I need a booster? And other answers Recent cases of measles have many wondering whether they are safe from the highly infectious disease. Here are some answers to commonly asked questions. JetBlue and Spirit are ending their $3.8 billion merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal SUBSCRIBER ONLY Morning Update: South Florida’s top stories for Monday, March 4, 2024 SUBSCRIBER ONLY Legislation for Toxic Secret chemical 1,4-dioxane dies in Florida House Sports Sam Reinhart scores twice as NHL-leading Panthers beat Rangers for fifth straight win Anton Lundell also scored, Aleksander Barkov and Gustav Forsling each had two assists as the Panthers won their fifth straight and 11th in the past 12 games. Dolphins Deep Dive: Chris Perkins and David Furones wrap up NFL combine and answer viewers’ questions Tuesday at noon Things we learned about Dolphins and draft prospects at the NFL combine Heat’s prime path to seeding success? Vanquishing Pistons, Wizards; Herro, Love out again; Spoelstra named Coach of Month Things To Do Catch Fort Lauderdale pastry chef on Food Network’s ‘Spring Baking Championship’ On the season premiere of Food Network’s “Spring Baking Championship,” judges handed Fort Lauderdale pastry chef Sandro Arotinco a baking challenge slam dunk. The theme: Tropical spring break adventures. 111 South Florida restaurants earned perfect inspections in February: Is your favorite on the list? Broadway shows coming to Fort Lauderdale and Miami include musicals about Michael Jackson, Tina Turner, Neil Diamond, Cher Restaurant news: Even Keel opens 2nd location; have you heard of the new Food Truck Store? Photos Spring Break starts in Fort Lauderdale | PHOTOS Fort Lauderdale Beach is the destination of choice for many students looking to get away for Spring Break 2024. First day of University of Miami spring football practice | PHOTOS Las Olas Art Fair Part II | PHOTOS Wellington 2, Palm Beach Gardens 0 (softball) | PHOTOS 30th Annual Lake Worth Beach Street Painting Festival | PHOTOS ‘Bad Boys 4’ filming shuts down Fort Lauderdale beach traffic St. Thomas Aquinas at Pembroke Pines Charter in 6A boys basketball regional final | PHOTOS Show More Photos Miami Beach at South Broward in 6A boys soccer regional final | PHOTOS Cirque du Soleil’s newest Big Top show, ECHO at Gulfstream Park | PHOTOS Draft prospects prepare for NFL Combine in South Florida | PHOTOS Rain parts for Fort Lauderdale A1A Marathon | PHOTOS NJIT Highlanders at Miami Hurricanes | PHOTOS Real Estate Ask a real estate pro: Does my reverse mortgage have a non-recourse clause? A reader asks real estate lawyer Gary Singer: As I get on in years, I... SUBSCRIBER ONLY In New York, the Trump brand is costing some condo owners Ask a real estate pro: What if someone can’t pay ‘rather large’ special assessment? Boca Raton’s ‘Glass House’: How glass architecture will gleam on new downtown building Politics SUBSCRIBER ONLY McConnell weighs endorsing Trump. It’s a stark turnaround after the Jan. 6, 2021, attack In the aftermath of the Jan. 6, 2021, attack on the Capitol, key Republicans, including... Democrats make play for veteran and military support as Trump homes in on GOP nomination Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday Opinion Florida anti-free speech bill would chill robust debate | Editorial We're nearing the end of the 2024 legislative session, which means a lot of bills... I love President Biden, but it’s time to pass the baton | Opinion School chaplains an offensive assault on church-state wall | Editorial Can banning social media help teens’ mental health issues? | Opinion National News Vice President Harris hosts Israeli war Cabinet member as the US pushes to get more aid into Gaza Benny Gantz, a centrist political rival of Netanyahu, requested the meeting and that the Democratic administration... 6 in 10 US adults doubt mental capability of Biden and Trump, AP-NORC poll finds As Trump’s criminal trial approaches, he may be his own worst enemy Nikki Haley wins the District of Columbia’s Republican primary and gets her first 2024 victory Travel SUBSCRIBER ONLY Flights selling out due to high demand for solar eclipse viewing destinations Alaska Airlines has seen a threefold increase in customer demand in comparison to years past... Travel Troubleshooter: I paid extra to get to my cruise. Why can’t I get reimbursed? SUBSCRIBER ONLY Georgia gems: 5 unmissable stops along the Blue Ridge Mountains ASK LOIS: What’s up with the lights at Hard Rock’s Guitar Hotel? Florida News Brightline officially unveils plans for new Stuart station Brightline formally announced the highly anticipated new Stuart station is expected to open by the... Florida passes bill to compensate victims of decades-old reform school abuse Clearwater airport has no beacon for night landings. Was that a factor in crash into mobile home park? ‘Come closer! We’re listening!’ Florida Democrats try to lure Hispanic voters away from Republicans Education Florida school principals could be penalized under proposed book rule Florida school principals could face state penalties if they are determined to have illegally prevented... University of Florida eliminates diversity and inclusion office under GOP-led law aimed at ending similar programs Broward could close far more than 5 schools next year Which schools will be considered for closure in Broward? Likely not high schools Health Health care workers push for their own confidential mental health treatment States are redefining when medical professionals can get mental health treatment without risking notifying the... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Post-pandemic vaccine hesitancy fueling latest measles outbreak SUBSCRIBER ONLY Horse sedative use among humans spreads in deadly mixture of ‘tranq’ and fentanyl SUBSCRIBER ONLY Why health care has become a top target for cybercriminals Business Why don’t some millennials want kids? They say it’s too expensive A new survey finds that just 25% of millennials who don’t have kids plan to... SUBSCRIBER ONLY SpaceX Crew-8 launches after tense discovery of crack on hatch seal Brightline confirms downtown Stuart for next new station with ceremony planned for Monday Concerns grow that snowbirds will be hurt by Citizens takeout bill City & Shore Magazine History Fort Lauderdale honors five trailblazing Broward women ‘Champions of Change’ By Robyn A. Friedman History Fort Lauderdale and Galleria Fort Lauderdale will recognize five influential... The calendar for March 2024, and beyond The Music and The Mind of Renée Fleming March is PRIME time for City & Shore magazine Advice Ask Amy: Mom wonders whether to snitch on teens Dear Amy: I'm a mom of a young teenager. I've worked hard to foster a... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Ask Amy: I came home and found a ludicrous Barcalounger in my garage Ask Amy: He told me to leave the restaurant because I was ruining their dinner Ask Amy: She clobbered me in the back with a yogurt, and I’m thinking that’s the last straw Trending Nationally ‘Mammoth cost’ for migrant crisis just beginning, expert warnsPhotos: Stranded Bay Area travelers make the best of the Tahoe blizzard as Interstate 80 remains closedSupreme Court restores Trump to 2024 ballotCapt. Charlie Griffin, ‘Wicked Tuna’ star, dies in boating accident on the Outer Banks‘Nightmare’: How Prince Harry and Meghan Markle burned bridges in Hollywood Tribune Publishing Chicago Tribune The Morning Call of Pa. Daily Press of Va. New York Daily News Orlando Sentinel Hartford Courant The Virginian-Pilot Studio 1847 Company Info About us Careers Archives Sun Sentinel Store Contact Us Photo Requests Submit a News Tip Newspaper Archives Manage Subscription e-Edition Sign up for Newsletters Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us Place an ad Ad Policy Homes for Sale Place an Auto Ad Classified Find a Job Legal Notices Subscribe Now Subscriber Terms and Conditions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookie Policy CA Notice at Collection CA Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Copyright © 2024 Sun Sentinel Close