Tailwind Social Media & Email Marketing Tool Please Wait... Connecting your Pinterest account Having Trouble? Looks like we're having some trouble connecting with Pinterest. Please try again. Sign up with Pinterest If this problem keeps happening, contact us and we'll send help! Tailwind Login Log in Sign up free Request a Demo AI-Enhanced Marketing Leverage AI to fuel growth Ecommerce Ads New Reach new customers and grow Content Ghostwriter Great marketing content written for you Content Copilot Get a personalized, actionable marketing plan Create Quickly generate social and email marketing Design Pinterest Pins Design Instagram Posts & Stories Design Facebook Posts Create Email Marketing Schedule Easy auto-posting across networks Pinterest Scheduler Instagram Scheduler Facebook Scheduler Optimize Maximize your reach and engagement Hashtag Finder Increase reach with smart hashtag suggestions Smart.bio Turn followers into customers Communities Team up with peers to reach new audiences Social Media Analytics Grow faster with simple, actionable insights Smart Scheduling Analytics & Reporting Content Management Pinterest Monitoring Tailwind Communities Smart.Bio The Tool That Feels Like a Marketing Team Tailwind Sign up free Start with a forever-free plan. No credit card required. Trusted by 1,000,000+ Brands & Small Businesses Doing Everything Yourself is Difficult The Old Way Stress about having to create and schedule all of your social & email from scratch Spend hours struggling to find the right words & tweaking copy Worry about whether your marketing is going to work Settle for guessing at what’s working and what you should do next The New Way "Made For You" Marketing Powered by Tailwind's Advanced AI Tailwind fueled her new business growth! "My business revenue is up over 1,200%. Tailwind has helped me leverage my time and completely transform my business. Thank you!!" Stacey Langford Coghlan Cottage Farms Tailwind Creates Great Marketing For You - You'll Get 90% of the Way to "Done" in Seconds Instead of Hours Plan. Sign up free A "Made For You" marketing plan that gives you hundreds of engaging post ideas. Always know what to post next Tailwind gives you post ideas and real-world examples— guiding you every step of the way — so you don’t stress about content creation. Act with confidence Your plan incorporates proven best practices so you can invest your limited time into the most impactful marketing. Tailored to your unique business Tailwind factors in your business type, time available, and more to select the campaigns that will generate the best ROI for you. Get help staying on track Tailwind helps you stay organized with an easy to follow plan— it even sends reminders to help you be consistent with your marketing. Explore Copilot for marketing help Write. Sign up free Instant AI copy personalized to match your tone and voice. Copy on command Ghostwriter instantly creates the copy you need for you. No more struggling to find the right words and no more writer’s block! AI built just for small business marketing Ghostwriter produces near perfect copy because it’s trained on best practices used by professional marketers to generate results. Match your brand, perfectly Ghostwriter can write with the tone and voice you use to create a consistent and engaging brand. Copy for... everything. Ghostwriter gives you 50+ specialized tools for everything from ads to web copy. Explore Ghostwriter AI for content A 700% increase in targeted traffic! "I had an average of 10 or 12 sessions a day and it jumped. My numbers have gone as high as 400! It was exactly what I wanted Tailwind to do. I wanted brand awareness." Leanne Duckmanton Vermilion Jewellery Design. Sign up free Go from photo to professional-quality design in seconds. "Done for you" social designs Add a photo - and in a few seconds - you will have hundreds of designs to choose from. It’s never been faster to create beautiful social posts. Automatic personalized designs Tailwind Create applies your colors, fonts, and logo to every design to give you a completely unique set of on-brand posts sized for each network and ready to share. No design skill required Start from 'almost done' with thousands of layout options, curated color palettes, and one-click edits. Impress yourself and your customers with your professional designs! Every size you need Every design set comes ready in the optimal size for each network and format. You never have to worry about resizing again. Explore Tailwind Create for social designs Promote. Sign up free Schedule and distribute yourmarketing - across networks and channels - from one integrated tool. One calendar for all networks View all of your social media posts in a single, filterable, calendar. You’ve never been more organized. The most powerful Hashtag finder Reach more customers with a perfect mix of massively popular and hyper-relevant hashtags. Reach more customers with Ads Tailwind Ads creates ecommerce ads and optimizes them for you so you can grow traffic to your store — even if you have no experience. Maximize engagement with personalized post times Tailwind picks the post times when your audience is most responsive so you can get the most engagement out of every post. See how Tailwind helps grow your business 1,000,000+ members love Tailwind. Tailwind is part of my team. "Yes, it's a tool, but I consider the app a part of my team because it does so many things and makes my life easier... Like you just put everything on Tailwind, and it does all the work for you. It's a major time saver." Learn more Sandy Dedeian Rectified.Co A 525% increase in traffic to her store! Using Tailwind’s AI ad technology, Home Stitchery Decor’s Shopify store went from 255 monthly views to a staggering 1,500 views per month! This increase in traffic was exactly what Jolene was hoping to achieve. Learn more Jolene Airey Home Stitchery Decor I can set up and let go with Tailwind. "I love Tailwind because I can batch work...Tailwind enables me to not have to think about Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest every day. I can kind of get into a headspace where I'm going to have to deal with it and then I can set everything up and let it go." See More of Christine's Story Christine Martell Founder, Visuals Speak A 92% increase in order volume! Pierre is increasing his investment in Tailwind Ads because he’s seeing more traffic to his store, more newsletter sign ups, and more sales of his shirts and accessories. He’s finally able to find more customers in an affordable way. Learn more Pierre Yves Monnerville Unapologaytic A 700% increase in traffic! Huge increase in traffic, over 700% increase. It no longer feels like I'm wasting money shooting in the dark with random ads. Learn more Leanne Duckmanton Vermilion Jewellery • • • • • The Tool That Feels Like a Marketing Team See Pricing Sign up free Start with a forever-free plan. No credit card required. Close Get Started with Tailwind Start with a forever-free plan. No credit card required. Sign Up with Pinterest Sign Up with Instagram Sign Up with Email Your New Marketing Team Ads Plan Create Schedule Optimize Email By Network Instagram Marketing Pinterest Marketing Compare Pinterest Tools Compare Instagram Tools Help & Support Pricing Help Center Password Reset Become an affiliate Resources Chrome Extension Firefox Add-on Safari Extension About Us About Tailwind Nectar 9 Careers Contact Us Tailwind, 111 Harrison Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73104 © 2024 Tailwind | Lovingly made in NYC + OKC | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy