Salesforce Blog — News, tips, and insights from the global cloud leader Skip to Content Generative AI 5 Business Uses for an AI Copilot Lisa Lee Here are five industry-specific examples of how an AI copilot can make your work life easier. AI What is an AI Copilot? Ari Bendersky Generative AI is laying the foundation for a new kind of app: super intelligent assistants that can do the work of hundreds — or even thousands — of individual applications based on a simple prompt. Salesforce Platform What Does Salesforce Do? Jody Farrar We answer some basic questions about what Salesforce does, what Salesforce CRM software is used for, and how Salesforce works. Data The Definitive Data Glossary for Business Leaders Andy Cotgreave Global data will double every 12 hours by 2025. This glossary of data terms will help everyone in your company understand the power of real-time, actionable data in the age of generative AI. Trailblazer Community 3 Ways to Get the Most Out of the Trailblazer Community Juspreet Kaur From asking Salesforce questions in the online Community to connecting with product experts and community leaders, discover how to make the most of your Trailblazer Community experience. AI Fine-Tuning Your LLM? There’s a Better Way Lisa Lee The next leap in AI fine-tuning may be no fine-tuning at all. Vector databases make it easier for you to access and analyze all your business data. Editors' Picks 1 Turn Your Biggest Fans Into Sales Machines: A Guide to Referral Marketing Sara Fefferman 2 The Key to Better Customer Service Operations? The Answer’s Hiding in Your Data Nausheen Najib 3 94% of Leaders Want More Valuable Data – See How To Get It Wendy Batchelder Featured Series Sales Get insights, and streamline processes with the latest Sales trends, insights, and conversations. See All Stories How to Get the Most Out of a Sales Call Jeffrey Steen Perfect your sales calls using these sought-after tips from sales experts. The Secret to Better Forecasting? Data, People, and Processes Lizzy Perruzzi Bring in the right people, then emphasize data accuracy at every stage of the sales process. Featured Voices Clara Shih CEO of Salesforce AI Ketan Karkhanis Executive Vice President and General Manager of Sales Cloud Sanjna Parulekar Vice President, Product Marketing AI AI Isn’t Taking Your Job — It’s Setting You Up For a Better One (Here Are 12) Ari Bendersky AI and generative AI are helping create a variety of new careers, from prompt engineer to AI trainer. Here are 12 new and upcoming roles, and tips for how to prepare for them. Content Marketing How Salesforce Is Using AI For Content Marketing in 2024 Carolyn Warsham Here’s how we’re using generative AI tools — and how we’re not — in 2024. Plus, a peek into the regulations we’ve implemented to keep trust and safety front and center for ourselves and our communities. Marketing How To Build the Email List of Your Dreams Blake Miller You've crafted the messages you want to send. Now see how you can build on that to grow your subscriber list and keep them engaged. AI You’ve Got an Enterprise LLM – Now What? Lisa Lee Most companies will not build their own LLM. We’re sharing the universal challenges of off-the-shelf LLMs and how to address them. AI What Should Be First on Your Company’s AI Agenda? Mark Wakelin The best way to make sure your AI implementation is strategic and effective is to have clear business goals, and to ask the right questions. View All Recent Stories Featured Series Service Stay ahead in the game with the latest cutting-edge trends and expert tips, where innovation meets customer satisfaction. See All Stories Customer Service Analytics: How To Make Sense of All Your Data Nausheen Najib Turn customer interactions into insights that help your business improve with service intelligence. What Is Net Promoter Score — and Is It Worth Tracking? Let’s Talk Pros and Cons Julian Walker Some service leaders swear by Net Promoter Score, while others think it’s obsolete. We asked our Trailblazer community to weigh in. Here’s what they told us. The Latest Commerce 5 B2B Commerce Trends Already Emerging in 2024 February 29, 2024 Andy Peebler What Is Order Management — And Why Should You Care? February 23, 2024 Luke Ball Business as a Platform for Change Why Your Company Needs an ESG Reporting Strategy — Now December 4, 2023 Sunya Norman 84% Of Shoppers Buy With Sustainability in Mind. Here’s What That Means for Your Business October 26, 2023 Lauren Wallace IT 35 Inspiring Quotes About Artificial Intelligence January 23, 2024 Ashley Eusanio Save These Dates: Spring ’24 Sandbox Preview December 5, 2023 Ella Marks Salesforce Platform What Does Salesforce Do? February 28, 2024 Jody Farrar What Is a Salesforce Admin? November 1, 2023 Rebecca Saar Marketing A CDP Is a Powerful Tool — Here’s How To Make It Work for You February 21, 2024 Muralidhar Krishnaprasad Everything You Know About Trade Promotion Management Is Wrong February 14, 2024 Hilary Englert Customer Data Platform Confused By New Data Privacy Laws? Start Here July 19, 2023 Matt Tonner 4 Ways to Focus on Your Loyal Customers — And Win the Holiday Season June 2, 2023 Matt Marcotte Get the latest articles in your inbox. Sign up now Close Get the latest articles in your inbox. Sign up now Get the latest articles in your inbox. 360 Highlights Selected C-Suite Selected IT Selected Commerce Selected Marketing Selected Service Selected Sales Selected Please select at least one newsletter. Email Enter a valid e-mail address Select your country United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belize Belgium Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bouvet Is Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Is Central African Republic Chad Chile China Hong Kong Macau Christmas Is Cocos (Keeling) Is Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia (Hrvatska) Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Djibouti Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Is (Is Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories F.Y.R.O. Macedonia Gabon Gambia, The Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Is Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Is Mauritania Mauritius Martinique Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands, The Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norway Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Is Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua new Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Island Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent And The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & The S. Sandwich Is Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard And Jan Mayen Is Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks And Caicos Is Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Is Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (US) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Select your Country Select your Country State/province 北海道 - Hokkaido 青森県 - Aomori 岩手県 - Iwate 宮城県 - Miyagi 秋田県 - Akita 山形県 - Yamagata 福島県 - Fukushima 茨城県 - Ibaraki 栃木県 - Tochigi 群馬県 - Gunma 埼玉県 - Saitama 千葉県 - Chiba 東京都 - Tokyo 神奈川県 - Kanagawa 新潟県 - Niigata 富山県 - Toyama 石川県 - Ishikawa 福井県 - Fukui 山梨県 - Yamanashi 長野県 - Nagano 岐阜県 - Gifu 静岡県 - Shizuoka 愛知県 - Aichi 三重県 - Mie 滋賀県 - Shiga 京都府 - Kyoto 大阪府 - Osaka 兵庫県 - Hyogo 奈良県 - Nara 和歌山県 - Wakayama 鳥取県 - Tottori 島根県 - Shimane 岡山県 - Okayama 広島県 - Hiroshima 山口県 - Yamaguchi 徳島県 - Tokushima 香川県 - Kagawa 愛媛県 - Ehime 高知県 - Kochi 福岡県 - Fukuoka 佐賀県 - Saga 長崎県 - Nagasaki 熊本県 - Kumamoto 大分県 - Oita 宮崎県 - Miyazaki 鹿児島県 - Kagoshima 沖縄県 - Okinawa Select a state/province Select a state/province State/province Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Select a state/province Select a state/province State/province Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Select a state/province Select a state/province Yes, I would like to receive the Salesforce 360 Highlights newsletter as well as marketing emails regarding Salesforce products, services, and events. I can unsubscribe at any time. I agree to the Privacy Statement and to the handling of my personal information. In particular, I consent to the transfer of my personal information to other countries, including the United States, for the purpose of hosting and processing the information as set forth in the Privacy Statement. Learn More I understand that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which I provide my personal information. For more information, click here. Please read and agree to the Master Subscription Agreement By registering, you confirm that you agree to the processing of your personal data by Salesforce as described in the Privacy Statement. Sign up now Thanks, you're subscribed! CALL US AT 1-800-664-9073 New to Salesforce? What is Salesforce? Best CRM software Explore all products What is cloud computing Customer success Product pricing About Salesforce Our story Press Blog Careers Trust Salesforce.org Sustainability Investors Legal Popular Links Salesforce Mobile AppExchange Dreamforce CRM software Salesforce LIVE Salesforce for startups Worldwide Americas América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States (English) Europe, Middle East, and Africa España (Español) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Italia (Italiano) Nederland (Nederlands) Sverige (Svenska) United Kingdom (English) All other countries (English) Asia Pacific Australia (English) India (English) 日本 (日本語) 中国 (简体中文) 香港 (繁體中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 한국 (한국어) Malaysia (English) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) All other countries (English) © Copyright 2024 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States Legal Terms of Service Privacy Information Responsible Disclosure Trust Contact Cookie PreferencesYour Privacy Choices Copied