World History Encyclopedia Facebook Membership No ads Encyclopedia Index Timeline Maps Book Reviews Weights & Measures Translations Education Teaching Materials Link Database Quizzes Primary Sources Collections School Subscription Media Media Library Audio Articles Podcast Youtube Channel Contribute Submissions Needed Content Style Guide Terms & Conditions Volunteer Donate Shop Books Map Posters Magazines Wall Charts Clothing About About Our Team Editorial Policy Annual Reports Membership Contact Login Login Register World History Encyclopedia Latest Content Featured Image Gallery Image Gallery 10 Maps on European History In this gallery of 10 maps on European history, we explore the dynamic borders and the fragile quest for peace on the continent. Witness the shifting... Featured Image Image Roman Rule in Asia Minor, c. 200 CE A map illustrating the geopolitical landscape in Asia Minor during the reign of emperor Septimius Severus around 200 CE. The territory (comprising modern-day... Free for the World, Supported by You World History Encyclopedia is a non-profit organization. For only $5 per month you can become a member and support our mission to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide. Become a Member Donate Definition Igor Stravinsky Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) was a Russian composer best known for his works for the stage, such as the ballets The Firebird, Petrushka, and the groundbreaking... Article Black Elk on Crazy Horse Black Elk Speaks (1932) is the popular and controversial book of the narrative by the Oglala Lakota Sioux medicine man Black Elk (l. 1863-1950) on his... Collection 12 Key Enlightenment Philosophers In this collection, we look at the lives, works, and ideas of the following 12 key philosophers of the Enlightenment: Thomas Hobbes René Descartes... Definition Second Continental Congress The Second Continental Congress was the body of delegates that governed the Thirteen Colonies and, later, the United States during the American Revolutionary... Definition The Enlightenment The Enlightenment (Age of Reason) was a revolution in thought in Europe and North America from the late 17th century to the late 18th century. The Enlightenment... Definition Poppaea Sabina Poppaea Sabina (30-65 CE) was the wife of Praetorian prefect Rufrius Crispinius and then Marcus Salvius Otho (r. 69 CE) before she became the second... Collection The Women of Ancient Egypt The women of ancient Egypt were highly regarded. Although the man was the head of the household, the woman made sure that household functioned as it... Definition William Howe Sir William Howe (1729-1814) was a British military officer and politician, most notable for his role as commander-in-chief of the British army during... Article Battles of Saratoga The Battles of Saratoga (19 September and 7 October 1777) marked the climactic end of the Saratoga Campaign during the American Revolutionary War (1775-1783... Collection Queens of Ancient Egypt Women were given greater respect in Egypt than in most other civilizations of the ancient world. There were female doctors, scribes, business owners... Article The Origin of Game and Corn The Origin of Game and Corn is a Cherokee origin myth explaining how wild game first began to run free and corn came to be cultivated. The central figures... Definition Maurice Ravel Maurice Ravel (1875-1937) was a French composer of classical music best known for his innovative piano pieces and orchestral works like Bolero and Daphnis... Collection Historical Fiction of Mesopotamia Historical fiction is frequently dated to works including the Iliad of Homer (8th century BCE) or The Tale of Genji (11th century CE) or, in English... Collection Norse-Viking Culture Norse-Viking culture is frequently misrepresented in popular media which emphasizes the rugged, militaristic aspect of the people. In reality, Norse... About Us We are a non-profit organization publishing the world's most read history encyclopedia. Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide. Learn More Media Library Explore our Media Library with 19,277 images, videos, and 3D models. View Media Library Awards Statistics 2,584 definitions 1,373 articles 16,491 illustrations 2,374 videos 412 3D images 7,830 translations 884 contributors 38,421 registered users Free Newsletter Our latest articles delivered to your inbox, once a week: Are you a...? History Enthusiast Teacher Student Librarian Numerous educational institutions recommend us, including Oxford University. Our publication has been reviewed for educational use by Common Sense Education, Internet Scout (University of Wisconsin), Merlot (California State University), OER Commons and the School Library Journal. Please note that some of these recommendations are listed under our old name, Ancient History Encyclopedia. Our Mission Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide. Follow Us Facebook About • Contact • Advertise • Privacy Policy • Partners • Supporters • Newsletter • Settings World History Publishing is a non-profit company registered in the United Kingdom. World History Foundation is a non-profit organization registered in Canada. Some Rights Reserved (2009-2024) under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license unless otherwise noted. The World History Encyclopedia logo is a registered trademark. Featured Partner