For mission-critical Node.js applications - NodeSource N|Solid N|Solid Runtime Augmented OSS Node.js runtime. N|Solid Pro Node.js Observability and Security&nbspPlatform. Services Node.js Support Protect your project and serve your team Consulting Analysis and advice from our team of experts Training Empower your team with Node.js best practices Solutions API Integration / Microservices High Performance Applications Legacy Application Migration Internet of Things Resources Blog Resources Partner Program Infrastructure Cost Company Contact Us About Press SIGN IN CONTACT US N|Solid Services Pricing Resources Blog Free Trial N|Solid Pro – Know your Node Get real time insights and keep your apps secure Introducing your expert AI Node.js Copilot N|Solid Console Observability tool provides alerts, visualizations and automation for Node.js. N|Solid Copilot OpenAI chat experience to identify and resolve performance + security issues. NodeSource Certified Modules (NCM) Vulnerability Scanning and 3rd Party Modules Certification. Projects and Application Monitoring Track the performance and health of your projects and&nbspapplications. Process Monitoring and Configuration Monitor processes meticulously and configure them dynamically directly from the Console UI. Anomaly Detection Built-in anomaly detection capabilities for CPU and memorys. Advanced Tooling Leverage advanced features such as OpenTelemetry, SBOM, Machine Learning, and Distributed Tracing. Enterprise Support Establish and sustain enterprise-grade Node.js applications and services. Learn More The world's first Node Copilot LEARN MORE Trusted by the Enterprise & Developers N|Solid and its support for Node.js are the go-to choices for companies operating Node.js in Enterprise Environments. NodeSource provides developers the tools to optimize their Node.js applications and enhance efficiency. N|Solid OSS Project Read article » Visit repo » Distribution page » Your APM is Costing You $$$ APMs significantly increase infrastructure spend, use our cost calculator tool to see how much using N|Solid can save you. TRY IT Learn Why » We offer Node.js Training LEARN MORE APM's Performance Dashboard Learn how much your APM is costing you. N|Solid is 5X more performant than other APMs - see for yourself. Explore Learn More » We offer Support for Node.js Learn more Introducing NCM GitHub App Ensure your apps are secure before you deploy using our new integration with GitHub. Explore Read the Announcement » N|Solid is a tremendously efficient and secure runtime. After only a few weeks, it helped us troubleshoot a nasty memory leak. - Mastercard - At NASA, mission-critical code is the rule, not the exception. As we transition from a legacy environment to a modern Node-based architecture, N|Solid, along with the support of NodeSource, is proving invaluable by allowing us to scale rapidly while staying focused on our core mission. - NASA - NewsCorp knows news. NodeSource knows Node. - NewsCorp Group - Top Content Measure Node.js Server Response Time With N|Solid PRODUCT Measure Node.js server response time with N|Solid JEFF RIOS & MARIAN VILLA Strengthening Node.js Security Strengthening Node.js Security MARIAN VILLA Unleashing the Power of NCM Unleashing the Power of NCM MARIAN VILLA AIOps Observability: Going Beyond Traditional APM AIOps Observability: Going Beyond Traditional APM MARIAN VILLA Ready to learn more? Get in touch! Contact us © NodeSource What We Do N|Solid Product Pricing NodeSource Services Solutions Microservices High Traffic Legacy Applications Internet of Things Learn Blog Resources Support Portal Documentation Company Contact Us About NodeSource Press Legal Privacy Policy