Maven – Welcome to Apache Maven Apache/ Maven/ Welcome to Apache Maven | Last Published: 2024-03-04 | Get Sources Download Welcome License About Maven What is Maven? Features Download Use Release Notes Documentation Maven Plugins Maven Extensions Index (category) User Centre Plugin Developer Centre Maven Repository Centre Maven Developer Centre Books and Resources Security Community Community Overview Project Roles How to Contribute Getting Help Issue Management Getting Maven Source The Maven Team Project Documentation Project Information Maven Projects Maven Archetypes Extensions Parent POMs Plugins Skins Archetype Artifact Resolver Doxia Indexer JXR Plugin Testing Plugin Tools Resource Bundles SCM Shared Components Surefire Wagon ASF How Apache Works Foundation Data Privacy Sponsoring Apache Thanks Welcome to Apache Maven Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool. Based on the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project's build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of information. If you think that Maven could help your project, you can find out more information in the "About Maven" section of the navigation. This includes an in-depth description of what Maven is and a list of some of its main features. This site is separated into the following sections, depending on how you'd like to use Maven: Use Download, Install, Configure, Run Maven Maven Plugins and Maven Extensions Information for those needing to build a project that uses Maven Lists of plugins and extensions to help with your builds. Extend Write Maven Plugins Improve the Maven Central Repository Information for developers writing Maven plugins. Information for those who may or may not use Maven, but are interested in getting project metadata into the central repository. Contribute Help Maven Develop Maven Information if you'd like to get involved. Maven is an open source community and welcomes contributions. Information for those who are currently Maven developers, or who are interested in contributing to the Maven project itself. Each guide is divided into a number of trails to get you started on a particular topic, and includes a reference area and a "cookbook" of common examples. You can access the guides at any time from the left navigation. If you are looking for a quick reference, you can use the documentation index. How to Get Support Support for Maven is available in a variety of different forms. To get started, search the documentation, issue management system, the wiki or the mailing list archives to see if the problem has been solved or reported before. If the problem has not been reported before, the recommended way to get help is to subscribe to the Maven Users Mailing list. Many other users and Maven developers will answer your questions there, and the answer will be archived for others in the future. You can also reach the Maven developers on Slack. Apache Software Foundation Maven is a part of the Apache Software Foundation. We'd like to thank the sponsors that provide financial assistance to the foundation. For more information on how you can support the foundation, see the sponsorship page. You can also attend Apache Events. Don't hesitate to ask on the Maven User mailing list if Maven team members will be there. It can be a great opportunity to meet them. © 2002–2024 The Apache Software Foundation