SmartCompany: Breaking news, advice and opinion for Australian entrepreneurs Close Log In Search Business Advice Franchising Innovation Intellectual Property Legal Politics Strategy Finance Cashflow Economy Fraud Funding Grants Tax Superannuation Growth Industries Agribusiness Construction Energy & Resources Hospitality Manufacturing Property Retail Telecommunications Tourism Transport Marketing Advertising Branding Networking Public Relations Sales Social Media People & Human Resources Industrial Relations Leadership Managing Productivity Professional Development Recruitment & Hiring Training & Development Wellbeing Entrepreneurs Partner Content Articles Article Series eBooks Webinars Startups News Analysis Advice Opinion Profiles Sustainability Technology Apps Cyber Security SEO Events Smart50 Video Subscribe Search Subscribe Log In Video Smart50 Business Advice the Pitch Events Startups Retail SmartCompany Building rockets and bridging gaps: Gilmour Space’s approach to pay equity Leadership Tegan Jones 5 March 2024 Gilmour Space CEO Adam Gilmour talks about the WGEA pay gap data and how the company focuses on meritocracy and same pay for the same job. With banking licence in hand, Avenue Bank promises paper-free bank guarantees to SMEs Cashflow David Adams 5 March 2024 Finance sector upstart Avenue Bank has been granted a full operational licence, allowing the venture to reveal its core product: a streamlined bank guarantee system, promising small and medium enterprises a better service than the Big Four currently provide. Brisbane startup Infensa spins medical miracle from spider venom Health Morganne Kopittke 5 March 2024 Infensa uses molecules found in the venom of the Australian funnel-web spider from K’gari/Fraser Island in Queensland to treat both heart attacks and strokes by blocking nerve signals. “Sleeper issue”: SMEs will soon be swept up under a new mandatory climate reporting regime Environment Marion Rae 5 March 2024 Stakeholders are concerned for smaller businesses who may not be aware clients will soon require climate data. Perth-based health tech startup Anni raises $1 million for its on-demand platform Startup News Morganne Kopittke 5 March 2024 Anni was launched in October 2023 by founding partners Diranne Lee-Renwick, Anna Lee-Renwick and Timothy Smith to link users with wellness, health and wellbeing experts. Small businesses under pressure as sales plummet to pandemic levels Economy Morganne Kopittke 5 March 2024 A combination of multiple interest rate rises and higher-than-usual inflation have been pinpointed as the main reasons for the largest decline in small business performance since the beginning of the pandemic, according to Xero. Australia woos Southeast Asia with visas and loans to boost business Economy Dominic Giannini and Andrew Brown 5 March 2024 A 10-year frequent traveller visa scheme to Australia will also be extended to eligible ASEAN nations and East Timor. ACCC takes Noni B, Millers owner to court over delayed online orders Competition Celene Ignacio 5 March 2024 Mosaic owns apparel brands including Millers, Rockmans, Noni B, Rivers, Katies, Autograph, W Lane, Crossroads and Beme. How the back-to-office transition can harm diversity, inclusion, and worker performance Human Resources David Adams 4 March 2024 Hybrid working promises the best of in-person collaboration and remote efficiency, but businesses that get the back-to-office transition wrong could sideline their most effective staff, says Diversity Council of Australia CEO Lisa Annese. Why this business gives employees ‘healthies’ to help reduce ‘sickies’ Opinion Rich Curtis 4 March 2024 Back in September 2020, the team at FutureBrand started doing something different and took its first ‘healthie’. It’s like a sickie, only better, quite literally. Employee wellbeing to climate benefits: The upside to a four-day work week People Dr Orla Kelly 4 March 2024 Most companies around the world have been able to implement the four-day work week without sacrificing productivity. Will bosses give time gained by tech advances back to workers? Productivity John Hopkins 4 March 2024 Over the past century, an abundance of new technologies have dramatically disrupted the way we work. However, up to now, workers have not been reaping the benefits. Work is changing rapidly and not every business will retain its talent People Dr Shiwangi Sharma, Dr Nandini Srivastava and Dr Gauri Bhasin 4 March 2024 Change is coming so fast in the workplace that employees are asking existential questions about what they're doing and why. After pay gap bombshells, Victorian business leaders consider startup investment bias Funding David Adams 1 March 2024 The release of groundbreaking gender pay gap data has shaken the startup world, with Australian founders and corporate luminaries calling for new ways to measure how venture capital does -- and doesn't -- reach women founders and women-led startup teams. Trash to treasure: Serial entrepreneurs raise $56,000 (and counting) for “beautiful” rubbish bin Retail Eloise Keating 1 March 2024 A Melbourne-based startup has raised more than $56,000 in a Kickstarter campaign for what it is calling the “world’s most beautiful and function” trash can, and it's just getting started. Neural Notes: An exclusive chat about Xero’s new assistant and one million free AI courses Artificial Intelligence Tegan Jones 1 March 2024 In this edition: a million free AI courses for SMEs, an exclusive chat about Xero's new AI assistant, and some eyebrow-raising data about how AI is being rolled out in workplaces. Latest from Inc. Australia The Power of Naivete: How Innocence Can Drive Innovation Don’t waste your time by being in a hurry. Why Reaching Consensus Isn’t Enough to Deliver Results The Hiring Hack That Helped a Skincare Founder Build Her Best Team Possible From Bad Boss to Boss Boss: 7 Powerful Ways to Become a Better Manager (and Boost Your Bottom Line) More from Inc. Australia Partner Content Unlock Your Trapped Millions: A how-to guide for B2B SMEs Five good reasons to switch to business-grade fibre Overcoming E-commerce Challenges: Five Key Questions for a Business Owner Webinar: Do more. Win more. Grow more. 2024 Predictions 2023 reflections, 2024 predictions with Code Like A Girl’s Ally Watson 2024 Predictions Simon Crerar 11 December 2023 Ally Watson OAM, founder and CEO of Code Like A Girl shares her highs, lows, and plans for next year. 2023 reflections, 2024 predictions with Man of Many’s Scott Purcell 2024 Predictions Simon Crerar 8 December 2023 After winning big prizes from B&T and the Publish Awards this year, Man of Many co-founders Scott Purcell and Frank Arthur and team will be enjoying their break. 2023 reflections, 2024 predictions with KeepCup’s Abigail Forsyth 2024 Predictions Simon Crerar 7 December 2023 Abigail Forsyth OAM, founder and managing director of KeepCup, shares her highs, lows, and plans for next year. 2023 reflections, 2024 predictions with Good Citizens’ Nik Robinson 2024 Predictions Simon Crerar 1 December 2023 Nik Robinson, co-founder of a purpose-led sunglasses brand Good Citizens, shares his highs, lows and plans for next year. Smart50 Untitled Group co-founder reflects on last 12 months after sweeping The Smart50 Awards 2023 Smart50 Awards 2023 Ben Ice 17 November 2023 Co-founder Nicholas Greco spoke with SmartCompany about the big wins, the journey from winning The Resilience Award in 2022 to the top spot this year, and how the right team, hard work, and building a community with other SMEs, have paid off. Teamwork and serious effort pay off as Smart50 winners celebrate their staff Smart50 Awards 2023 Ben Ice 17 November 2023 Common themes ran through the fine acceptance speeches at last night's Smart50 Awards 2023: hard graft and supportive teamwork. Male founders outnumber women in 2023 Smart50 Awards, showing more work needs to be done Smart50 Awards 2023 Eloise Keating 17 November 2023 The SmartCompany team has reaffirmed its commitment to creating more pathways to celebrate and recognise women-led businesses, after the 2023 Smart50 Awards list featured a majority of companies founded by men. The Smart50 2023 Marketing Award winner: Untitled Group Smart50 Awards 2023 SmartCompany 16 November 2023 Making waves in an industry that is seeing a massive resurgence post-COVID, it should come as no surprise that this year’s Marketing Award… Startups Startup Speakers launches to amplify diverse voices in the Australian startup ecosystem Startup News Simon Crerar 1 March 2024 Startup Speakers aims to foster equal representation for speakers from all backgrounds and genders to increase their visibility. Four ANZ startups that raised $22.8 million this week Startup News Eloise Keating 1 March 2024 This week's startup funding round includes an NZ brand tracker, a Sydney-based deeptech startup, a 'better for you' drinks brand and an app that wants to help make our roads safer. Sydney startup Bandicoot Imaging raises $1 million for fabric digitisation tech Startup News Eloise Keating 28 February 2024 Sydney-based deep tech startup Bandicoot Imaging has secured $1 million in pre-seed funding to help it on its mission to transform how fabrics and materials are captured and used digitally. Tracksuit lands $20.5 million to help conquer US and UK markets Startup News Tegan Jones 28 February 2024 New Zealand brand tracker, Tracksuit, has landed $20.5 million in Series A as it plans US and UK expansion, more product features. The future of retail Finger dippin’ good: How sustainable dip brand Nuffin is stopping tonnes of plastic from ending up in landfill Retail Morganne Kopittke 1 March 2024 Nuffin has already achieved its original goal of saving 25 tonnes of plastic by 2025 well ahead of schedule and is averaging around 250% year-on-year growth. Weakened consumer spending puts a dampener on retail sales Retail Poppy Johnston 1 March 2024 When looking through the volatility of the past few months, retail turnover was unchanged in trend terms, reflecting a still high cost of living and elevated interest rates. Basket case: ACCC calls on small businesses to share their views for supermarket competition inquiry Competition David Adams 29 February 2024 Does your business supply goods to Australia's major supermarkets, or does your independent grocery business compete with corporate giants? If so, the ACCC wants to hear from you for its inquiry into the supermarket sector. Why gen Z is perfectly primed to resurrect The Body Shop brand Opinion Caroline Spence 29 February 2024 The Body Shop showed that there was an alternative to fast consumerism, that there was a better, kinder way of doing business. In many ways, it was decades ahead of the curve. Partner content Partner content Overcoming E-commerce Challenges: Five Key Questions for a Business Owner Articles FedEx 5 March 2024 A seamless e-commerce experience is essential to satisfy customer expectations in 2024, but it's not always easy to deliver. Unlock Your Trapped Millions: A how-to guide for B2B SMEs Articles Fifo Capital 5 March 2024 Maintaining a steady cash flow is pivotal for the success of SMEs. It may come as a surprise then that so many Australian businesses have substantial funds — we’re talking hundreds of thousands to millions — locked up within their supply chain. Webinar: Do more. Win more. Grow more. Webinars Fifo Capital 4 March 2024 Join us in this empowering webinar, presented by Fifo Capital, to discover practical strategies that can help your B2B SME thrive in the competitive financial landscape. Secure your spot now! Last chance to apply for one of five Corporate Travel Grants Articles Flight Centre Business Travel 4 March 2024 SMEs still have time to apply for a Corporate Travel Grant to propel their business forward and maximise growth and development opportunities. SmartCompany is the leading online publication in Australia for free news, information and resources catering to Australia’s entrepreneurs, small and medium business owners and business managers. Follow SmartCompany Subscribe About Us Contact Us How to contribute to SmartCompany Advertise with SmartCompany Terms & Conditions Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Acknowledgement of Country SmartCompany acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the many nations across Australia, and pay our respect to Elders past and present. We recognise that their sovereignty has never been ceded. Copyright © 2024 Private Media Pty Ltd. Publishers of smartcompany.com.au. All Rights Reserved Crikey The Mandarin Inc. Australia Private Media