Join the Organizing Revival - Colorlines Donate About Us Our History Community Conversations Explainers Organizing Stories Published By Race Forward Archive Check out the Colorlines archives with thousands of articles spanning our 25 year history Colorlines Community Join the Colorlines community and stay up to date on events, actions, and news Follow Us Published By Race Forward Join the Organizing Revival We’re in the midst of an Organizing Revival. A revival that is a refusal to be separated and that builds deep relationships. A revival that calls us to fight against authoritarianism and for a united multi-racial force to bring into being a truly inclusive democracy. A call to refute an “Us v. Them” and to stand in the legacy of freedom fighters and justice seekers that have embraced a collective WE. JOIN THE REVIVAL Let's Journey Together A community that deepens your analysis on race, power, and democracy. And makes space for your joyful imaginations. Join Colorlines Explainers Breaking down big ideas about race, power, and democracy. View all explainers Supreme Court Case on Affirmative Action, Explained We asked our friends at the Advancement Project to help us understand what this case means for the future of affirmative action, what is at stake and what we can do. Watch as Carmen Daugherty, Deputy Executive Director, Advancement Project helps us place the case and the subsequent decision of the Court in historical and contemporary context. Watch now What is Collective Power and How Do We Build It? An Explainer with Maurice Mitchell Working Families Party National Director Maurice Mitchell explains the vitality of collective power. Watch now. What is Healing Justice? An Explainer with Cara Page and Erica Woodland Cara Page and Erica Woodard establish foundational contexts and principles for understanding Healing Justice as a political framework for collective liberation. Watch now. Should Racial Justice Movements Give up on Government? An Explainer with Eric K. Ward Race Forward Executive Vice President Eric K. Ward argues for the importance of incubating governance through formal institutions of government, as spaces that must be directly contested in order to achieve a truly inclusive, multiracial society. Watch now. Organizing Stories Stories of our journeys through life and organizing. View all stories. Finding Purpose and Power Where Darkness Lives: Cheryl Wilkins' Journey Through Incarceration Cheryl Wilkins, co-founder and co-director at Columbia University’s Center for Justice, talks about her experience as a queer woman inside prison and "walking up" to the systemic reasons for incarceration. Watch now. Courage is Contagious: Alejandra Gomez’s Organizing Journey Alejandra Gomez, Executive Director of Living United for Change in Arizona (LUCHA), speaks about how the courage to exercise one’s voice against injustice can encourage others to enact theirs around a shared purpose, which over time can catalyze movement-building momentum that sustains for the long run. Watch now. Something Miraculous: Sulma Arias Migration Journey People’s Action Executive Director Sulma Arias shares her immigration story to illustrate how the powers of connection and compassion can create moments of transformation and belonging. Watch now. How Georgia Youth Organize for Education Justice Get inspired by the brilliance and power of members of the Georgia Youth Justice Coalition share their testimonies about how and why they organize. Watch now. Community Conversations A variety of voices gathered in conversation in living rooms and around the kitchen table. View all community conversations Belonging and Radical Love in the Ballroom Community Members of the Ballroom community convey stories of security and belonging. Watch now. Community Conversations: Beyond the Vote We gathered a group of brilliant seasoned organizers for a heartfelt conversation on what midterm election results could mean for our communities, and what gives us hope as we continue our fight for a just, multiracial democracy beyond the vote. Watch now. How Government Can Deliver Lasting Racial Justice Wins Members of Race Forward’s Government Alliance on Race and Equity (G.A.R.E.) discuss participatory democracy and co-governance: how structures of government are strategically necessary for translating power-building momentums into public policies. Watch now. From our Partners Colorlines is part of a broader vibrant racial justice community. We are excited to highlight this work from our partners. Pushing Back Against The Rise of Christian Nationalism Through Faith with Obery Hendricks, Ph.D On this episode of Momentum: A Race Forward Podcast, Obery Hendricks, Ph.D., one of the most influential Black biblical scholars writing today, and Race Forward’s Chief of Staff Charlene Sinclair, Ph.D., who herself fashions strategies that embrace a liberationist approach to faith and spirituality for racial and economic justice, discuss the immediacy of pushing back against the spread of Christian Nationalism and the urgency of creating narratives based on the gospel’s “true teachings” to reflect the ongoing political moment and fight for progressive policies that stay true to the bible’s "liberationist ideals". Colorlines is the leading source for accessible media on race, power and democracy. We offer analysis, collective meaning-making, and opportunities to engage in power-building moments and movements. About Us Archives Community Conversations Explainers Organizing Stories Donate Contact Privacy Terms of Use Join Colorlines © COLORLINES 2024 Site CreditsMadeo Sort By