World Energy Council | World Energy Council Home World Energy Community Overview Worldwide Member CommitteesRegional NetworksFuture Energy Leaders Meet the Future Energy LeadersFuture Energy Leaders VisionarioBecoming a Future Energy Leader Patrons & PartnersStart-Up Energy Transition AwardsStart Up Energy Transition Awards 2021World Energy Stories Transition Toolkit Overview World Energy Pulse World Energy Issues Monitor World Energy Trilemma FrameworkWorld Energy ScenariosLong-Term World Energy ScenariosWorld Energy Covid Scenarios World Energy Insights Publications Events & Dialogues Overview World Energy Congress.Executive Assembly & Energy Trilemma SummitWorld Energy WeekWorld Energy WeekWorld Energy Leaders' DialoguesUpcoming EventsPast EventsRequest for Bids27th World Energy Congress 2026World Energy Week 2025 About Us Overview How We WorkGet InvolvedOur PeopleAnnual ReportsCareersSecondmentsContact UsGallery News & Views Centenary Overview Our HistoryDigital ArchivesNews & Events Get Involved Search Publications News & Views Get Involved Humanising Energy find out more Watch the video A global community making energy transitions happen The World Energy Council is the oldest independent and impartial energy community, connecting leaders, industries, governments and innovators across the world. With a presence in over 100 countries, our national Member Committees, partners, programmes and Future Energy Leaders are driving impact and meeting whole energy system challenges. Find out more Series Two Now Available Humanising Energy Series Two of "Humanising Energy" is now available to stream. Produced for the World Energy Council by BBC StoryWorks, these films showcase powerful stories of people responding to energy challenges in communities across the globe. Watch Now 26th World Energy Congress UNITING VISIONARY LEADERS From 22-25 April 2024, all eyes will be on Rotterdam as more than 7,000 international energy stakeholders convene for the 26th World Energy Congress. Join us as we Redesign Energy for People and Planet. LEARN MORE Featured Centenary Celebrations The World Energy Council's Centenary Celebrations celebrate 100 years of delivering impact in energy and shaping the next 100 years of progress. Read more about the Council’s rich and unique history and access archival material from throughout the last century. FIND OUT MORE FEATURED 2022 ANNUAL REPORT: MAKING ENERGY TRANSITIONS HAPPEN Learn how the Council is delivering impact across the world energy community. DOWNLOAD NOW Redesigning Energy for People and Planet World Energy Pulse 2023 Discover how ongoing multiple crises are affecting global energy transitions. DOWNLOAD NOW Series 2 of Humanising Energy is now live. Take a never-before seen look at the people living the daily change of energy transitions. Produced for the World Energy Council by BBC StoryWorks. Enjoy the series 26th World Energy Congress22-25 April 2024 Learn more about the 26th World Energy Congress Read More Working towards successful Energy transition The World Energy Council actively contributes the insights needed by energy leaders to make effective strategic, policy and business decisions about the energy transition. We provide reliable data, useful tools and impartial comment. Our interactive Energy Transition Toolkit includes five comprehensive tools that can be used together or separately. They have been proven to drive effective change and bring us closer to achieving a successful energy transition. "These tools are invaluable because they’re flexible, scalable and adaptable. They give weight to our thinking and allow us to develop strategies so that we can work on the practical solutions needed to tackle energy transition." transition toolkit Tools for successful Energy Transition World Energy Issues Monitor annual reality check of 2,000+ energy leaders worldwide focusing on the challenges of energy transition Energy Trilemma Index better policy through balancing energy security, equity and environmental sustainability World Energy Scenarios strategic foresight tool that explores pathways to improve preparation for the energy transition Dynamic Resilience Framework a framework for emerging and systemic risk management, including new challenges like weather hazards and cyber-security Innovation Insights to help members navigate the shifting innovation landscape Publications VIEW ALL Published on 15 May 2023 Transition Toolkit Global World Energy Pulse 2023 World Energy Pulse 2023 Published on 26 Jan 2023 Europe City Level Clean and Just Energy Transition Published on 15 Nov 2022 Energy Trilemma Global World Energy Trilemma Index | 2022 Published on 23 May 2022 Global Working Paper: Regional insights into low-carbon hydrogen scale up | World Energy Insights Published on 30 Apr 2022 Global World Energy Pulse April 2022 World Energy Pulse April 2022 Published on 26 Jan 2022 Issues Monitor Global World Energy Issues Monitor | 2022 22 Apr 2024 Upcoming Event 26th World Energy Congress Global Congress Rotterdam, the Netherlands find out more Latest News VIEW ALL NEW 20.02.2024 Press Release Press Release: South Africa Joins World Energy Council as Newest Member Committee 13.01.2024 Welcome to our Centenary Year! 06.12.2023 COP28: Dr Angela Wilkinson interview with Axios 05.12.2023 COP28: Dr Angela Wilkinson interview with CBS News 04.12.2023 COP28: Dr Angela Wilkinson opens Saudi Green Initiative with fireside chat 04.12.2023 COP 28: Dr Angela Wilkinson interview with the World Nuclear Association 03.12.2023 News Article COP28: The National - Energy Industry Urged to Take Swift Measures with Methane Pledge 03.12.2023 CNBC at COP28: Energy transition - is there a united front? Humanising Energy × Join the World Energy Council Engage in strategic dialogue with the energy leaders of today and the future, build capabilities and help shape the energy future. Get Involved Find out more WORLD ENERGY COMMUNITY Members Regional Networks Future Energy Leaders Market of Ideas Meet the Future Energy Leaders Becoming a Future Energy Leader Partners Innovation TRANSITION TOOLKIT Issues Monitor World Energy Trilemma Index World Energy Scenarios Dynamic Resilience Framework Innovation Insights Transition Toolkit Guide Events & Dialogues World Energy Congress Upcoming Events Past Events Experiences PUBLICATIONS ABOUT US How We Work Get Involved Our People Annual Reports Careers Contact Us NEWS & VIEWS Centenary Overview Messages Our History Digital Archives News & Events WORLD ENERGY COMMUNITY TRANSITION TOOLKIT PUBLICATIONS Events & Dialogues ABOUT US NEWS & VIEWS Privacy Policy | Cookie Preferences | Terms of use | Sitemap | Site by Optima | © World Energy Council 2024 Site Search × Exit Search Join the World Energy Council Do you want to get involved with the world’s most dynamic energy organisation? Our globally networked energy-plus community aims to increase social and environmental benefits, deliver ‘new’ solutions, and forge common sense to close the implementation gap and activate road building communities. Join our network of the most important, influential, and innovative leaders in energy and beyond by completing the form below. For more information on why you should join our community, click below. Get Involved × Leave this field blank Tell Us About Yourself First Name Last Name Your Role Please Choose...PolicymakerInvestorAcademicCEO/PresidentDirector/Vice-PresidentSenior ManagementManagerResearcherStudentOther - please specify Specify Your Role Type of Organisation Please Choose...GovernmentEnergy IndustryOther IndustryNGOAcademic InstitutionConsultancyOther - please specify Specify Your Organisation Phone Number Country Email I'm Interested In Please Choose... Starting a National Member Committee in my country Engaging in a partnership conversation Receiving regular information and updates Submit Email the × Leave this field blank Committee Name Phone Email Message Send Email Email the × Regional Networks Regional Networks Africa Network Asia Network Europe Network Latin America & The Caribbean Network Middle East & Gulf States Network North America Network Choose a Country Member List Algeria Argentina Armenia Austria Bahrain Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Chile China Colombia Congo (Democratic Republic of) Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt (Arab Rep.) Estonia Eswatini (Kingd. of) Ethiopia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Italy Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea (Rep. of) Latvia Lebanon Lithuania Malta Monaco Morocco Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Norway Panama Paraguay Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation (Suspended) Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovenia Spain Sri Lanka Switzerland Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay Vietnam Customer Login Please login to interact with the World Energy Transition Radar. If you don't have a customer login, please register for a customer login below. × Login with Twitter Login with Twitter Login with Customer Login Username: Forgot your username? Password: Forgot your password? Login Register for a Customer Login Register for an account to interact with Signals. *Name: *Username: *Email: *Password: *Confirm Password: I have read the Privacy Policy and agree that the World Energy Council can use my personal data in accordance with this policy. Do you agree? Register