Social Media Marketing Advice From Experts | Hootsuite Blog Skip to content Open main navigation menu Why Hootsuite What makes us the industry leader Where we've been and where we're going How we’re different Our commitment to education, your business, and the world Hootsuite in the news What we’re up to now Measure the ROI of you social media Get started with social commerce 5 steps to elevate your brand with social customer care What We Do Publish and schedule Plan your posts with ease Engage customers Manage incoming messages from multiple social channels Monitor activity Stay informed about market trends and competitors Advertise content Promote your organic content and manage paid ads Analyze results Measure your results across all social networks How a Social Media Makeover Helped a Small Business Drive a 108% Increase in Sales Read case study See it in action with a free 30-day trial Sign up now Pricing Resources Learn Academy Industry-leading courses and certifications to advance your skills. Blog Tips and tricks from the world’s most widely-read social media marketing blog. Resource Library Research and insights that will help guide you to success on social. Connect Webinars Interactive sessions with the brightest minds in social. Events New! Join us for some fun online and IRL. Support Help center Browse help articles and FAQs Contact Sales Get help from our team of experts FAQ Answers to all your questions about Hootsuite 16 Snapchat Statistics That Matter to Marketers in 2022 Read the article Need help? Log In Sign up Blog Free Trial Open main navigation menu Strategy Hootsuite HQ Experiments Free Tools Templates & Guides Social Media Dictionary Social Media Updates 2024 TikTok Algorithm Explained + Tips to Go Viral While there’s no magic recipe, coming to grips with the TikTok algorithm can help you work with it and improve your odds of success. March 4, 2024 2024 Social Media Image Sizes for All Networks [CHEATSHEET] The most recent image sizes for different social media networks, including Instagram, X (f.k.a. Twitter), Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok, and more. March 4, 2024 2024 Social Media Algorithms: A Guide for All Networks Find out what social media algorithms are and how to navigate the ranking signals of each platform to get your content seen. March 4, 2024 How to Schedule Threads Posts [Instagram] in 2024 Tired of posting Threads on-the-fly? You can schedule Threads posts via Hootsuite. It only takes 4 easy steps. March 1, 2024 How to Write Social Media Guidelines for Your Team: 8 Examples Learn the difference between a social media policy and social media guidelines, check out some real-life examples, and grab a free template. February 29, 2024 Strategy View All Posts Social Media Search Engines: What They Are & Why They Matter Don’t just let the algorithm decide if your audience sees your content. Here’s how to get smarter about social media search. February 29, 2024 39 of the Best Free Stock Photo Websites Top online resources and websites for locating free stock photos for your social media posts, website, or other marketing channels. February 28, 2024 2024 Instagram Demographics: Top User Stats for Your Strategy Who are the people using Instagram every day? Understanding Instagram demographics will help you build a strategy that works — and reach your social marketing goals. February 22, 2024 2024 LinkedIn Demographics That Matter to Marketers Here are the LinkedIn demographics that prove the network’s power — and should guide your marketing strategy on the platform. February 21, 2024 Become a better social marketer. Get expert social media advice delivered straight to your inbox. Email address Sign up Experiments View All Posts Experiment: Do Long-Form X Posts Give You More Reach? What gives you better reach on X: a good old-fashioned tweet thread or one long-form post? Here’s what we found. January 31, 2024 Experiment: Do Longer LinkedIn Comments Drive More Connection Requests? Does being original on LinkedIn generate faster growth? Here’s a thrilling social experiment that answers the question. January 2, 2024 Experiment: What Happens When AI Plans Your Entire Social Strategy? Is AI really coming for your job? We decided to find out. November 27, 2023 How Much Does YouTube Pay Per View? We Tested It! Yes, YouTube pays per view—but that doesn’t mean that a million video views will make you rich. We’ll explain. November 14, 2023 Hootsuite HQ View All Posts Hootsuite CEO Reveals How Long She Spends on Social Media Every Morning Irina Novoselsky, Hootsuite CEO, shares how she has found her niche as a social CEO at Collision 2023—and much more. July 11, 2023 The Story Behind Hootsuite’s ‘Proud Mamas’ Mother’s Day Tribute Hootsuite social media manager Trish Riswick’s tribute to her mom for supporting her career (even when she doesn’t always understand it). May 11, 2023 Creative Block Is Inevitable—Here’s How Our Social Team Beats It All out of social media ideas? We know the feeling. Discover how to overcome creative block with these 9 tips from our in-house experts. February 3, 2023 Meet Irina Novoselsky, Hootsuite’s new CEO Irina Novoselsky shares her thoughts on why she’s excited to join the Hootsuite team as Chief Executive Officer. January 18, 2023 Try Hootsuite Today for Free! Start Your Free 30-Day Trial Trusted by employees at 800+ of the Fortune 1000 About Why Hootsuite Pricing Diversity, equity & inclusion Social impact Leadership Newsroom Careers Contact sales What we do Customer care Social commerce Social selling Social media marketing Employee advocacy Product features Publish Engage Monitor Advertise Analyze Solutions Pricing Professional Team Business Enterprise Our customers Case studies See all industries Integrations Partners Resources Academy Blog Resource Library Webinars FAQ App directory About us Support Need help? Help center Product updates English Español Français Deutsch Italiano © 2024 Hootsuite Inc. All Rights Reserved. Legal Center Trust Center Privacy Cookie Preferences Accessibility You’ve unlocked 60 days for $0 Claim 60-Day Free Trial Offer expires in 05m 00s Cancel anytime within 60 days Thank You