Battle for the Net Thank you for taking action to tell the FCC: We want net neutrality protections restored! The comment period on the FCC’s Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) is now closed. They will review comments before drafting a final rule. You may continue to send comments to Congress here, and we will collect and submit them to the FCC if comments open again. We will keep this page updated as the process continues. Sign the Petition Thanks for signing the petition! Please consider sharing this page with your friends and family. Share Tweet Share Take action NOW to voice your support for net neutrality.Take action NOW to voice your support for net neutrality. Take action NOW to voice your support for net neutrality.Take action NOW to voice your support for net neutrality. What is Net Neutrality? Net neutrality is the fairly simple idea that internet service providers (Verizon, AT&T, Comcast, etc.) should treat all the data that travels over their networks equally, and not discriminate in favor of particular apps, sites or services. Net neutrality prevents ISPs from creating “fast lanes,” censoring content, throttling traffic and even outright blocking access to their competitor’s products. This principle recognizes that Internet access is an essential resource of modern life, and has guided the world wide web from the beginning. It has been protected by federal policy under Republican AND Democrat leadership since the early 2000s. Prefer watching to reading? Here’s a curated playlist of video explainers: What is going on with Net Neutrality? The Obama FCC issued the Open Internet Order in 2015, establishing net neutrality protections, but it was repealed in 2017 by Trump’s FCC Chair, Ajit Pai. This move put corporate gatekeepers back in control of what we can and can’t access online. When the Biden FCC became fully staffed in 2023, Chair Jessica Rosenworcel immediately announced plans to restore net neutrality protections. The FCC has filed a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and is currently seeking comment on the proposed rule. Why do we need Net Neutrality? Despite the telecom-backed myth that there weren’t any consequences to the 2017 repeal of net neutrality, the reality is that there is a greater need for these protections than ever before. ISPs have made it clear that unless these rules are in place, they will do what’s best for their bottom line even when it puts people in danger – like in 2018 when Verizon throttled traffic for California firefighters during massive wildfires. ISPs have also excluded poor, rural, and communities of color from broadband expansion, and have charged bogus fees and forced customers to watch advertisements in order to get online. And as the COVID-19 pandemic spread across the U.S., people were at the mercy of Internet companies to get online to work, go to school, and access lifesaving information. Repealing net neutrality has given Internet providers the power to decide whether we can get online or not. How can Net Neutrality help rein in Big Tech? Without net neutrality, it’s only a matter of time before telecom giants like AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile start cutting deals with companies like Google (YouTube), Spotify, and Instagram to prioritize their services or exempt them from arbitrary data caps. That will only entrench the monopoly power of these giants, making it nearly impossible for new or alternative platforms to succeed, and leaving us all at the mercy of these few, powerful companies. Why do artists and creators care about Net Neutrality? Artists know that if Big Telecom giants squeeze access fees from Big Tech companies, these monopolies will put corporate profits before struggling artists, and force artists to cover those costs. And smaller, more independent platforms that actually cater to artists’ needs could shut down entirely. Fees like this are so high in South Korea that Twitch is shutting down there because it became too expensive to operate. Now more than ever, artists and creative workers need new indie outlets and platforms, and net neutrality will help build those alternative options. What’s happening now? Throughout all this we’ve kept fighting. We helped California pass a gold-standard net neutrality law at the state level, pushed the Senate to pass a bipartisan resolution to undo the FCC’s repeal, and got Congress to introduce the Save the Internet Act that can enshrine net neutrality into law once and for all. Right now, the FCC has launched the process to reinstate the Open Internet Order, which will bring back Title II net neutrality protections. Throughout this process we’ll ensure you have the opportunity to submit comments and share your thoughts, and we’ll have to fight against the oppositional attacks from Big Telecom companies to make sure the FCC follows through and doesn’t give in to corporate pressures The Internet is uniting behind net neutrality. You can help rally support by activating your corner of the Internet by making original content and sharing our graphics on your socials. A coalition of organizations including Fight for the Future and Demand Progress submitted a letter to the FCC Commissioners expressing our support for Title II reclassification and Net Neutrality. The full letter may be found here. Participating organizations: 18 Million Rising Access Humboldt Access Now Accountable Tech Advocacy for Principled Action in Government American Booksellers Association American Civil Liberties Union American Humanist Association American Library Association Appalshop, Inc. Arkansas Black Gay Men’s Forum Aspiration Assembly Four Association of Research Libraries Brown grove Preservation Group California Clean Money Campaign Caribbean Equality Project Carolina Abortion Fund Center for Democracy & Technology Center for Freethought Equality CHAYN Church Women United in New York State COLAGE Consumer Action Consumer Federation of America Convocation Research + Design Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) Creative Commons CreaTV San José Dangerous Speech Project Defending Rights & Dissent Demand Progress Education Fund Derechos Digitales – América Latina Earth Ethics, Inc. Electronic Frontier Foundation Electronic Privacy Information Center Endora Families for Freedom Fight for the Future For The Binat Free Press Freedom Oklahoma Future of Music Coalition Generation Justice Gotham City Drupal LLC Indivisible Ventura Internet Archive Internet Safe Kids Africa Intransitive Kairos Fellowship Line Break Media Lower Cape Indivisible Malloc Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition May First Movement Technology Media Alliance MediaJustice Mendocino Women’s Political Coalition MoveOn National Coalition Against Censorship National Consumer Law Center, on behalf of its low-income clients National Digital Inclusion Alliance New America’s Open Technology Institute North American Climate, Conservation and Environment(NACCE) North Kitsap Indivisible NTEN Nuclear Energy Information Service (NEIS) Nuclear Information and Resource Service Oakland Privacy Ocean Conservation Research Open MIC OpenMedia Ovis Aries Farm PEN America People Power United Portland Outright Presente.org Progressive Technology Project Public Knowledge Rangoli Pittsburgh Reproaction Reproductive Health Access Project Rinascimento Green RootsAction.org Snohomish County Indivisible SQSH (St. Louis Queer+ Support Helpline) Stand.earth State Innovation Exchange Surveillance Technology Oversight Project Synergistic Solutions Tech for Good Asia The Greenlining Institute The Tor Project Transgender Education Network of Texas (TENT) TransOhio U.S. PIRG Unite North Metro Denver United Church of Christ Media Justice Ministry United Musicians and Allied Workers (UMAW) WA People’s Privacy A coalition of musicians and artists have signed-on to a letter expressing their support for Title II reclassification and Net Neutrality. The full letter may be found here. A full list of signers: Algiers Alok Vaid-Menon Amanda Palmer B. Dolan Big Joanie Cecil Castellucci Chuck Wendig Cory Doctorow Damon Krukowski David Weinberger Deerhoof DIIV Dougie Poole Downtown Boys Evan Greer Evan Thomas Weiss Eve6 Generacion Suicida Harry and the Potters Jackie Mendoza Jeff Rosenstock Julia Holter Kevin Duquette Kimya Dawson Kominas Kyle “Guante” Tran Myhre Liz Pelly Medea Benjamin Mercedes R. Lackey Molly Crabapple Mountain Man Neil Gaiman Nullsleep Remember Sports Riobamba SAMMUS // Dr. Enongo Lumumba-Kasongo Sophia Bastian Speedy Ortiz Spencer Tweedy Stephen Fry Tess Roby Tom Morello War On Women Xenia Rubinos .XOM Alan Birmingham Alex Heigl Alex Mechanic Alexis Clements Aloysius Bell Amélie Amrit S Khalsa Andrea Danger Ann Dorsey Anne Boccato Annelise Ekland Anthony Richards Art Official Asaran Earth Trio AWKWORD Babas BABS Barb Bailly Baths Bit Shifter Brendan Cardaci Brian Gingras Britani Brook Pridemore Bruce Alan Rauscher Bug Guts Carrie Laski Casey Dienel Casey Neill & The Norway Rats Cat Mahatta Charlotta Ball Chef Sol Chelsea Dirck Cheryl Militello Cody Goin Cognitive Fungus Productions LLC Curerbell D. T. Cooke Dan Wagner Dana Barela Daniel Bachman Daniel Penzer Daniel Polley Dave Purcell (Radio Free ABQ) Davia Schendel David Barboni David Klingensmith David Wendt davidltrue Deborah Richards Dee Davidson Del Paxton Diambu Smith Dim Wizard Divine Decadence Dots and Lines Dots Will Echo Doug Tuttle Earl Grove Eli Valley Eli Winter Elissa Martel Elizabeth Butler Ella Collis Elyse Winn Emery Robillard Emo Sea Monster EpZ Eric Madis Erik Hvoslef Ernie Smith, tech writer, editor of Tedium Fishboy Floral Tattoo Francesca Rago Fred Barger Gabriella Raelyn George Sarah Gregory Anderson Gregory Kemmis Hailen Jackson heavens club Houtakker Hurry IE iji Ill.Gates Irene Driscoll Irene lee carson Iron Curtain (The Chiptunes Artist) Isa Suarez itoldyouiwouldeatyou James Adams James Mulcare James Norris Jan Rountree Jason Anderson Jason Crawford Jasper Jones Jeremy Goldstein (EVAC) Jevin Almazan jim nielsen Jitensha jj skolnik (daddy’s boy) Joan goodfellow Joe DeGeorge Joel Jerome John Coffey John Munnelly Johnny Gifford Jonathan Lenore Kastin Jordan Webb Joseph Quisol Josh Lee Judith ackerman Juliet Stunkel Justin Philipps Kahlil Goodwyn Kaia Mortensen Karen Berger Karen Skloss Kate VanVorst Kathryn Hill Keith Morris Kelly Wells Kenneth Jenrow Kent Minault Kliph Scurlock L P Rees La Neve Lana Henson Larry Crane Laura Gibbs Laura Herndon LAWRENCE Les Manivelles Lisa Chadwick Liz Hogg LOCATIONS Lori Stefano Lucii Richardson Maggi Joseph Margaret Durow Margaret Gel (icze4r) Mari, Manuel Bell Mark Reback Martha Sharkin Max Carrara Meg at Illuminations At & Glass Melinda Rice Mercy! Michael Sullivan Mikyle Gray mk zariel Moon By Moon Nadia Garofalo Nancy Neumann Nas TY nicole misha Noah Kittinger Oliver van Moon Opal Oliver Minor ovacord Pamela Torrance Paper Bee Paul Kintzing (German Error Message / Other Nothing) Paul Lapidus Pete Mason Peter O. Childs PetHorizons Phebe Watson Philip Brunner Philip Ritter Pinkwash Piper Street Sound Puppy Angst R. Banov Rafael Koerner Randy Bayers Rene Bobo Richard Edwards Richard Guier Rosebud Rowan Blackwood Roy Shippen ROZEPOP Rye Marshall Safa Shokrai Sam Gas Can Samuel Clocks Scott Harris scott ireland Scott McDowell Scott Shannon Sean Trischka Seth Campbell Shelley Hilton Shirlene Harris Sonic Eddy Stefan Costilhes Podgorski Stephen LoVerme Suburban John Sun Urchins Svadhi Sol Tahnee Juryn Tall Guy Short Songs Terrie Smith The Darling Invasion Thomas Northrup Tom Steger Tony Rutherford TRAGWAG Vaiapraia VIctor Maxwell Victoria R. Downtown Boys Waylon Fingers Where Is Your Dog Now? Wolves A project by: + For press inquiries, please contact us at: (508) 474-5248 or press@fightforthefuture.org press@demandprogess.org All other inquiries, please contact us at: team@fightforthefuture.org Loading...