Canada Revenue Agency/Agence du revenu du Canada - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation Sign in Sign inCRA sign in You are here: Canada.ca Canada Revenue Agency Canada Revenue Agency / Agence du revenu du Canada CRA on Canada.ca The Canada Revenue Agency's web content was successfully migrated to Canada.ca in July 2017. CRA is the theme lead for Taxes on Canada.ca. The majority of the CRA's content is found under the Taxes theme. The remaining content can be found on: CRA's institutional profile (for corporate information); Open Government (for proactive disclosure content); or One of our theme partner's pages (Benefits, Money and finances, Business and industry, or Jobs and the workplace). Please visit the new Canada Revenue Agency section on Canada.ca. L'ARC sur Canada.ca La migration du contenu Web de l'Agence du revenu du Canada vers le site Canada.ca a été réalisée en juillet 2017. L'ARC est responsable du thème Impôts sur Canada.ca. La majorité du contenu de l'ARC se trouve sous le thème Impôts. Le reste du contenu se trouve aux endroits suivants : Profil institutionnel de l'ARC (pour les renseignements d'entreprise); Gouvernement ouvert (contenu sur la divulgation proactive); Pages de l'un de nos partenaires de thème (prestations, argent et finances, entreprises et industrie, ou emplois et milieu de travail). Veuillez visiter la nouvelle section de l'Agence du revenu du Canada sur Canada.ca. Page details Date modified: 2019-11-27 About this site Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) Contact the CRA About the CRA Compliance and enforcement Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy