The School of Life | Your Path to Mental Wellbeing Articles App App Gift a Subscription Shop Shop New in Best Sellers Books Cards & Games Gift Sets For Children View All Therapy Psychotherapy Therapy Retreats Career Counselling Couples Therapy All Therapy Services At Work At Work Who We Are What We Offer Our Clients Contact Us Brand Partnerships Open Enrolment About Us About Us Contact Hear From Us Location Global Amsterdam Berlin Paris Sao Paulo Global Login/Signup Login Menu Global Login/Signup Location Amsterdam Berlin Paris Sao Paulo Global Articles App App Gift a Subscription Shop Shop New in Best Sellers Books Cards & Games Gift Sets For Children View All Therapy Psychotherapy Therapy Retreats Career Counselling Couples Therapy All Therapy Services At Work At Work Who We Are What We Offer Our Clients Contact Us Brand Partnerships Open Enrolment About Us About Us Contact Hear From Us View all themes View All Themes Self-Knowledge Relationships Sociability Work Calm Leisure Learn, Heal and Grow with The School of Life Subscription For unlimited access to all of The School of Life’s content – including our gigantic library of articles and our transformative app – click below to learn about subscription and begin your journey to better emotional wellbeing today. Discover More Discover the latest articles with The School of Life Subscription ALL ARTICLES Leisure It Isn’t About the Length of a Life… We live in an era that has firmly equated a good life with a long life. We are constantly hectored… View Calm Four Ways of Coping With Anxiety It can be hard for people who have little close up experience of the problem to appreciate quite what suffering… View Leisure The Drawer of Odd Things It’s probably in the kitchen or maybe somewhere in a corridor: the drawer with all the bits that don’t fit… View Calm When Our Battery is Running Low A most basic fact about a child: it never knows when it’s tired. It just grows convinced that it now… View Calm Preparing for a Decent Night of Sleep Given how much we value nights of good sleep, it is striking how seldom we ever make shrewd or thorough… View Relationships What If the People We Could Love Are Here Already; We Just Can’t See Them? There is an awkward question that should gently be entertained by all of us who complain that we ‘cannot find… View This article is only available on the app ALL ARTICLES The School of Life Subscription Access all content across our app and site, and get instant help understanding more about yourself, making positive life-changes, and discovering the elements of better emotional health. Learn More Download the School of Life App Get all of The School of Life in your pocket. Download Now Trending App Articles 1 sociability How to have good conversations 2 relationships How to reconnect with ones partner 3 work How to have a more fulfilling work life The School of Life Subscription Access all content across our app and site, and get instant help understanding more about yourself, making positive life-changes, and discovering the elements of better emotional health. Learn More Therapy at The School of Life Therapy has a proven ability to improve mood, restore clarity and usher in calm. Our team of highly skilled and experienced therapists is on hand right now to help you with issues including anxiety, relationships and working life. Online Psychotherapy Retreats Group Therapy The bedrock of personal growth lies in a chance to enter into a dialogue with a kind, insightful and highly experienced psychotherapist. The School of Life is holding a series of 4-day retreats designed to help you heal from emotional challenges in an atmosphere of friendship, learning and discovery. Our group therapy sessions run online every week and are a chance to talk to other participants at The School of Life – in the presence of a therapist-moderator – about whatever might be on your mind. Therapy at The School of Life Therapy has a proven ability to improve mood, restore clarity and usher in calm. Our team of highly skilled and experienced therapists is on hand right now to help you with issues including anxiety, relationships and working life. Online Psychotherapy The bedrock of personal growth lies in a chance to enter into a dialogue with a kind, insightful and highly experienced psychotherapist. Online Psychotherapy Retreats The School of Life is holding a series of 4-day retreats designed to help you heal from emotional challenges in an atmosphere of friendship, learning and discovery. Retreats Group Therapy Our group therapy sessions run online every week and are a chance to talk to other participants at The School of Life – in the presence of a therapist-moderator – about whatever might be on your mind. Group Therapy The School of Life at Work We partner with businesses to equip their employees with the emotional skills they need to thrive at work – and grow as people. We apply therapeutic ideas to the world of work, helping individuals and teams overcome the challenges they face, achieve their professional goals and solve the dilemmas of being human. Learn More Gift The School of Life Subscription with 40% Off Our Subscription is the perfect gift for anyone who loves The School of Life. It’s ideal for those with an interest in philosophy, psychology, history, and culture; or for anyone navigating emotional challenges like anxiety or relationship difficulties. Buy for a friend 40% off Shop Our Bestsellers We’ve been creating life-changing books, tools and resources for over 10 years. Discover the very best products from The School of Life. SHOP ALL Relationships How Ready Are You For Love? Leisure A Therapeutic Library Leisure Collected Essays Self-knowledge A Therapeutic Journey Leisure On Divorce Leisure What Are You Feeling? Self-knowledge A Voice of One's Own Relationships Connect Self-knowledge Know Yourself Prompt Cards Relationships Intimacy Gift Set Self-knowledge Who Am I? Leisure Confidence in 40 Images Leisure A History of Ideas Leisure Big Ideas for Curious Minds Calm A Simpler Life Work The Career Workbook Help with Self-Knowledge At the heart of nearly all of our problems lies a lack of self-knowledge. We’ve developed a range of tools to help you build up a more accurate sense of who you really are – and who you might become. SHOP ALL All Reasons to be Hopeful An honest and accessible guide to finding light in the darkest of times. In a world that isn’t short of darkness, there can be few more urgent priorities… View product All On Self-Hatred A guide to emotional healing and living a more self-accepting life. Behind many of our problems lies an often ignored factor: we don’t like ourselves very much. We… View product All How to Overcome Your Childhood A guide to understanding, and liberating ourselves from, our past. To an extraordinary and humbling extent, who we are as adults is determined by events that happened to… View product SHOP ALL Help with Relationships Love is less an emotion than a skill: one we must work at if we wish to keep it alive. We offer a range of tools to help you not only find love, but maintain and deepen it over a lifetime. SHOP ALL All Dating Cards Dating Cards Game – A set of 52 question cards to spark insightful and playful encounters. Great dates are made up of great conversations: ones where we find… View product All The Couple’s Workbook Love is a skill, not just an emotion – and in order for us to get good at it, we have to practice, as we would in any… View product All Connect A card game to foster connection and closeness We tend to chat all the time with our partners, but often not about what really counts – the sort… View product SHOP ALL Help with Work We spend most of our lives at work – so shouldn’t languish in a role we find unsatisfying. We provide tools to help you choose the perfect career and succeed in whatever you’ve chosen. SHOP ALL All How to Think More Effectively A guide to greater productivity, insight and creativity. We know that our minds are capable of great things because, every now and then, they come out with a… View product All Teamwork Game Exercises to build better team dynamics. In order to work well together, people need more than just technical skills; they need to get to know and understand each… View product All The Career Workbook A thought-provoking and practical workbook with exercises to help you discover a career that is truly fulfilling. The Career Workbook is a guided journal designed to help you… View product SHOP ALL Help Finding Calm Few skills in life are more neglected, or more vital, than the ability to remain calm. We offer tools to help you alleviate stress and anxiety and find inner peace. SHOP ALL All Calm A guide to developing the art of finding serenity by understanding the sources of our anxiety and frustrations. Nowadays almost all of us wish we could be calmer;… View product All Anxiety Far more than we tend to realise, we’re all – in private – deeply anxious. There is so much that worries us across our days and nights: whether… View product All The Calm Workbook A guide to greater serenity A therapeutic and consoling workbook with exercises to soothe anxiety and create a state of calm. Most of us long to be a… View product SHOP ALL Sign Up to Hear from Us Get inspiring, consoling ideas sent straight to your inbox, and hear about our latest articles, books, events, therapeutic retreats, and more. By signing up, you agree to receive marketing messages via email. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. Information Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Wholesale FAQs Jobs Quick Guides About