Save Birds. Save Life. - BirdLife Australia Donate Our Impact Discover Birds close Find a Bird Where to See Birds Where to See Birds Where to See Birds Places to See Birds Watching Birds Watching Birds Watching Birds Ethical Birdwatching Guidelines EagleCAM​ Identifying Birds Bird Photography Bird Biology and Ecology​ Bird Habitats Report a Regent Honeyeater A Guide to Birdwatching Binoculars Threats to Birds​ Threats to Birds​ Threats to Birds​ Threatened birds​ Birds in your Backyard Birds in your Backyard Birds in your Backyard Aussie Bird Count Create a Bird-Friendly Garden​ Feeding Wild Birds in Australia Helping Injured Birds​ Birds in Backyards Seasonal Surveys Providing Water for Birds Protecting Birds on the Beach​ Problems with Birds​ Birds and Pets​ Feeding Birds​ Get Involved close Support a Campaign Events and Activities Volunteer Volunteer Volunteer Ways to Volunteer Find a Volunteer Opportunity Volunteer Resources​ Volunteer Stories Subscribe to Volunteer News Bird Counts and Surveys Find a BirdLife Group For Kids and Teachers For Kids and Teachers For Kids and Teachers Birds in Schools Teacher Education Kits Fun Activities for Kids​ Birds in Backyards Seasonal Survey​s Aussie Bird Count​ BirdLife e-learning Platform​ Membership Science & Research close Our Programs Submit Your Birdata Data and Extraction Services Working List of Australian Birds Special Interest Groups Creating and Managing Bird Habitats Publications Awards and Grants Donate Birdlife Shop News About close About Who we are Who we are Who we are About BirdLife Australia Meet our Team Board and Committee Board and Committee Board and Committee Board of Directors Research and Conservation Committee Rarities Committee Annual General Meeting Annual Report​ Occupational Health and Safety Constitution​ Our Partners History Membership BirdLife groups Publications Publications Publications Publications Publication series Work with us Media Contact us search login Submit Cancel Save Birds. Save Life. BirdLife Australia is leading the way in bird conservation. We work tirelessly to recover the most threatened wild bird species and restore local environments. Find out what we do Photographed by Joel Evans Donate to help save our majestic Swifties! We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to secure new strong national nature laws that address the key threat pushing our Critically Endangered Swift Parrot to extinction – habitat destruction by native logging. But we can’t do this without you. Donate today Strong Nature Laws Join our campaign calling for the Federal Government to deliver strong nature laws and save our threatened birds from extinction Act now Toondah Harbour: save the bay To protect the critically endangered Eastern Curlew and many other threatened species, it is vital that the Federal Government save Toondah Harbour. The Walker Corporation's proposal will permanently destroy many hectares of irreplaceable migratory shorebird feeding habitat. Act now Our Science and Conservation Programs Birdata To save birds, we need reliable data. Birdata is where we collect, keep and share this information. Compiled almost entirely by citizen scientists, Birdata is Australia's largest and longest running database for birds, with more than 22 million records (and counting). Learn more Key Biodiversity Areas Our planet is facing mass extinction and needs our help. We have partnered with other global conservation organisations to protect our most important places for nature. These places are called Key Biodiversity Areas. Learn more Urban Birds Urban sprawl has a huge impact on native birds. BirdLife Australia's Urban Bird Program protects birds and their habitats across our rapidly changing and expanding cities. Learn more View all programs Donate to save Australian birds text Link here Photographed by Sandy Goddard 334 We've identified 334 Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) across Australia. These are the irreplaceable biodiversity hotspots that birds can't live without. 100s We've helped release hundreds captive-bred Regent Honeyeaters in Victoria and NSW to boost the population of this critically endangered species. 400% On crowded beaches, Hooded Plover chicks are now 400% more likely to fledge successfully thanks to the work of our Beach-nesting Birds team. Bird News The latest news about Australian birds Bird of the month Your March bird of the month: Great Bowerbird Alex Croft Wednesday, 28 February 2024 Read more General General Birds to look out for in March BirdLife Australia Thursday, 29 February 2024 Read more News News Lorne welcomes first ever Hooded Plover family Alex Croft Thursday, 15 February 2024 Read more View all news Our Events Get involved with bird lovers at BirdLife Australia events taking place around the country. Birds in Backyards Seasonal Surveys Ongoing Gang-gang Cockatoo Edu-Action Course Monday, 1 April 2024 Great Cocky Count Sunday, 14 April 2024 View all events Stay in the loop Keep up to date with all the latest from BirdLife Australia Subscribe for the latest conservation news, upcoming events, opportunities, and special offers. Contact us Membership Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Donate Donate to BirdLife Australia Leave a Gift in your Will Give a Gift in Memory Submit Your Birdata Data Extractions Working List of Australian Birds BirdLife Australia Rarities Committee Reports Archive The BirdLife Australia Library BirdLife Australia acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the Country on which we live and work, and we pay our respects to their Elders past and present. We recognise and are grateful for the immense contribution of Indigenous people to the knowledge and conservation of Australia’s birds. BirdLife Australia© 2024