Linus Pauling Institute | Discovering How to Live Longer and Feel Better | Oregon State University Skip to main content OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY Open search box Linus Pauling Institute Toggle menu Go to search page Search Field Exit Search About the LPI Faculty and Staff Our Research Micronutrient Information PublicationsMicronutrients for Health Contact Information Donate About the LPI Faculty and Staff Our Research Micronutrient Information Publications Contact Information Donate Wednesday, February 28 Mediterranean Diet Webinar Linus Pauling Institute Open House 11 am (online) 3 - 5 pm (Linus Pauling Science Center 3 rd floor) Please RSVP by February 23 rd ! LinusPaulingDay 2024 Webinar Watch Party 2 - 3 pm (Linus Pauling Science Center 4 th floor) Micronutrient Information Center Analytical Services Read Our Newsletter Contact Us Linus Pauling Institute - In the News Dr. Emily Ho Named 2023 Oregon State University Distinguished ProfessorOregon State University has named Emily Ho and Yanyun Zhao as its 2023 University Distinguished Professor recipients, the highest academic honor the university bestows on faculty. – Posted on 03/16/2023 - 08:38 Dr. Richard van Breemen Honored at AOAC International Annual MeetingThe Fellow of AOAC INTERNATIONAL Award, which recognizes the dedication of the volunteers who serve the Association, was awarded to four highly active members of the food safety community including Dr. Richard van Breemen of the Linus Pauling Institute. – Posted on 10/14/2022 - 09:21 Most American diets need more Vitamin ENearly all of us aren't getting enough of a critical vitamin that supports vision, brain health and even developing fetuses: vitamin E, according to the Linus Pauling Institute's Dr. Maret Traber – Posted on 08/20/2022 - 15:34 Tiny sprouts provide big nutritionEating sprouts well before they become full-blown plants can crank up certain nutrient levels considerably, said Emily Ho, nutrition professor and director of the Linus Pauling Institute at Oregon State University in Corvallis. – Posted on 06/14/2022 - 11:08 Oregon State research shows hemp compounds prevent coronavirus from entering human cellsDr. Richard van Breemen and researchers from OHSU have found that two compounds from hemp extracts have the potential to bind to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. – Posted on 01/11/2022 - 13:11 Maret Traber honored with Discovery AwardThe Medical Research Foundation of Oregon has honored Dr. Maret Traber of the Linus Pauling Institute with its annual Discovery Award for her work on vitamin E. – Posted on 11/19/2021 - 13:51 1 of 13 next › Webinar Series Aging Well & Optimal Health Webinar december_2023_webinar_video_available.png (Click image for video) The Linus Pauling Institute promotes pathways to optimal health. Micronutrients play a vital role in that goal. Learn more from Director Emily Ho about the Institute's view on healthy aging and what our researchers are finding out about the role of vitamins and minerals in health. Date recorded: December 12, 2023 Come Fly With Me Webinar mortimer_webinar_intro_slide.png (Click image for the playlist) How can fruit flies help us advance the fight against neurodegenerative disease? In this webinar, Dr. Alysia Vrailas-Mortimer explains her fruit fly research and how it brings new testing capabilities to the Linus Pauling Institute. Presentation with Q&A with the speaker. Part of the 2023 LPI Webinar Series. Date Recorded: July 11 2023 Visions of Linus Pauling Series visions_of_lp_recordings_ad_1.png (Click image for the playlist) Dr. Linus Pauling led a remarkable life. In a series of recordings, Chris Petersen from the OSU libraries takes us on a journey into the many facets of Dr. Pauling that make up his book Visions of Linus Pauling. From the behind-the-scences look into his career to the details of his personal life, learn more about the man behind the legendary achievements. Date Recorded: March/April 2023 Optimizing Immune Health Webinar intro_for_vitamin_c_webinar_2023.png (Click image for video) Vitamin C is incredibly important to the immune system, but how much do we need to reap its benefits? In this Linus Pauling Day webinar, we will explore vitamin C requirements with Dr. Anitra Carr from the University of Otago. Gain insights into how much vitamin C is optimal for immune health and more. Galvanizing Your Health: Why You Need Zinc galvanizing_your_health_homepage_banner.png (Click image for video) Cancer fighter, gatekeeper to the immune system, and age-essential mineral: Zinc has a multitude of roles in the body. And there is still much more to be discovered. Learn about the latest findings about zinc and ways you can get what you need in this webinar by Dr. Emily Ho, Director of the Linus Pauling Institute. Date Recorded: December 6, 2022 Trout, Mice, Rats, and Humans All Agree: Brussels Sprouts Can Prevent Cancer april_webinar_fb_post_1.png (Click image for video) Dietary indoles are found in cruciferous vegetables and are part of their cancer-fighting properties. Indoles can fight the effects of the carcinogens that are present in the food you may already be eating! Learn how from the Linus Pauling Institute's own Dr. David E. Williams in this summary of over 30 years of research from preclinical and clinical studies. Beyond the Common Cold: Emerging Roles for Vitamin C in Health vitamin_c_webinar_2022.png (Click image for video) For almost 50 years the Linus Pauling Institute has been bringing you important information about vitamin C. As part of our Linus Pauling Day celebration, we are bringing two world-renowned vitamin C experts for a continuing discussion on vitamin C and health. Dr. Alexander Michels and Dr. Emily Ho from the Linus Pauling Institute host Dr. Jeanne Drisko and Dr. Qi Chen from the University of Kansas Medical Center. Speaker presentations followed by Q&A session. Date Recorded: February 28, 2022 Cancer Fighter: Harnessing the Power of Broccoli emily_ho_webinar_with_video_link.png (Click image for video) Vegetables help our bodies defend themselves against a variety of illnesses and they play a large role in cancer prevention. Broccoli and other cruciferous vegetables have been singled out for their cancer-fighting properties. Would you like to know why? Date Recorded: December 7, 2021 Keeping Life in Your Years: Dietary Factors Affecting Healthspan and Longevity Hagen Webinar Banner No Link (Click image for video) The passing of time is inevitable – does aging have to be? Can the food you eat and the supplements you take make a difference? Learn about the concept of healthspan from Dr. Tory Hagen at the Linus Pauling Institute and what science indicates is important for health into old age. Date Recorded: August 17, 2021 Why You and Your Dog Can't Find Your Keys: This is Your Brain on Aging magnusson_healthy_aging_webinar_1.png (Click image for video) Can you maintain cognitive function as you get older? Dr. Kathy Magnusson discusses the changes that occur in the brain as we age and what you might be able to do about it. Date Recorded: July 8, 2021 Why a Healthy Immune System Needs Vitamin D vitamin_d_webinar_youtube.png Vitamin D is important to the immune system, but do you know why? Dr. Adrian Gombart discusses the roles of vitamin D in the immune system and the need to maintain vitamin D levels in the body. Date Recorded: May 4, 2021 Vitamin C and Health: New Frontiers Vitamin C and Health.png Interested in the latest science behind the use of vitamin C? The Linus Pauling Institute hosts 4 world-renowned vitamin experts to give you an update – including a perspective from the clinical and basic research. Everything from cancer and sepsis to the common cold and COVID-19! Date Recorded: February 27, 2021 Think Zinc! Fighting Infection and Boosting Your Immune System webinar_december_20202.png Zinc is an essential part of your diet – but do you know why? Emily Ho, the endowed chair and director of the Linus Pauling Institute, will share about the many roles of zinc. From fighting infections to maintaining a healthy immune system and beyond, zinc helps you live a healthier life! Date Recorded: December 9, 2020 The Linus Pauling Institute: Our Future - Your Health webinar_announcement_for_video_3.jpg What does the future hold for the Linus Pauling Institute? Hear the vision from Director Emily Ho on the next steps for the Pauling legacy. Date Recorded: August 26, 2020 What You Need to Know about Vitamin C and COVID-19 webinar_announcement_for_may_2020.png There's a lot of information about vitamin C out there and it's hard to know what information to trust. The Linus Pauling Institute can be your source for scientifically accurate information in the age of misinformation - especially in the prevention and treatment of COVID-19 and beyond. Date Recorded: May 19, 2020 ‹ › YouTube Page LPI Publications . M.L.Vermilli Maier; L.K. Siddens; S.L. Uesugi; J. Choi; S.W. Leonard; J.M. Pennington; S.C. Tilton; J.N. Smith; E. Ho; H.H.Sherry Chow; B.D. Nguyen; S.K. Kolluri; D.E. Williams (2021) Drug Metab Dispos (accessible online) Exercise training as a modulator of epigenetic events in prostate tumors. S. Dufresne; J. Guéritat; C.P. Wong; A. Isanejad; E. Ho; E. Serna; M.C. Gomez-Cabrera; A. Rebillard (2021) Prostate Cancer Prostatic Dis (accessible online) Effects of Chronic Secondhand Smoke (SHS) Exposure on Cognitive Performance and Metabolic Pathways in the Hippocampus of Wild-Type and Human Tau Mice. J. Raber; R. Perez; E.Ruth S. Torres; D. Krenik; S. Boutros; E. Patel; A.C. Chlebowski; E.Ramos Torres; Z. Perveen; A. Penn; D.B. Paulsen; M.G. Bartlett; E. Jia; S. Holden; R. Hall; J. Morré; C. Wong; E. Ho; J. Choi; J.Frederik Stevens; A. Noël; G. Bobe; G. Kisby (2021) Environ Health Perspect 129: 57009 Caffeoylquinic acids: Chemistry, biosynthesis, occurrence, analytical challenges, and bioactivity. A.Alcazar Magana; N. Kamimura; A. Soumyanath; J.F. Stevens; C.S. Maier (2021) Plant J (accessible online) Tetrahydroxanthohumol, a xanthohumol derivative, attenuates high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by antagonizing PPARγ. Y. Zhang; G. Bobe; C.L. Miranda; M.B. Lowry; V.L. Hsu; C.V. Löhr; C.P. Wong; D.B. Jump; M.M. Robinson; T.J. Sharpton; C.S. Maier; J.F. Stevens; A.F. Gombart (2021) Elife 10: (accessible online) More Publications Donate Today! Get Updates from the Institute The LPI Research Newsletter and Digital Digests lpi_research_newsletter_fall2023_cover.png Archived Editions LPI Email Archive All LPI Emails Sign up for our email updates Contact Info Linus Pauling Institute | Oregon State University 307 Linus Pauling Science Center Corvallis, Oregon 97331 phone: 541-737-5075 | fax: 541-737-5077 email: [email protected] For media contact information Copyright ©2024 Oregon State University Disclaimer