Catholic Relief Services Jump to navigation Change Lives This Ash Wednesday Your Lenten alms help families around the world overcome hunger. $40 $80 $150 $300 Other Amount $ Give Alms Close Join our mailing list and learn how you can make a difference. Press Room Research & Publications Our Catholic Values My CRS (login) CRSEspañol.org Donate Now Home Ways to GiveWays to Give Where It's Needed Most Emergency Campaigns Monthly Giving My CRS (login) Legacy & Planned Gifts Donate to CRS Rice Bowl More Ways to GiveMore Ways to Give Make a One-Time Donation Fundraise for CRS Gift Catalog Foundation and Corporate Partnerships Other Ways to Give Donate by Phone or Mail featured-parent-wtg Featured Shop the Gift of Hope Catalog Donor Advised Funds Get InvolvedGet Involved CampaignsCampaigns Action Center Climate Change Hunger Chapters and Clubs CRS Church Engagement Resource Center AdvocateAdvocate Public Policy PrayPray Light a Virtual Votive Download Your FREE Catholic Prayers Book Download Your FREE 21-Day Prayer Book Our Current Prayer ParticipateParticipate Invite a Speaker U.S. Partners featured-parent-gi Featured Climate Change Hunger Our Work OverseasOur Work Overseas Programming AreasProgramming Areas Agriculture Education Emergency Response & Recovery Health ICT4D Justice & Peacebuilding Microfinance Monitoring Evaluation Accountability and Learning Partnership & Capacity Strengthening Supply Chain Management Water Security Youth How We Work Where We Work Research & Publications Partnering with CRSPartnering with CRS Private Donors and Partnerships Local Partners University Partners Public Donors Stories Podcasts featured-parent-ows Featured Engagement Government - Case Studies Series Engaging Government Capacity Overview About UsAbout Us Mission Statement Guiding Principles Catholic Identity CRS History Agency Strategy LeadershipLeadership Sean Callahan Annemarie Reilly James Bond Mark Melia Bill O’Keefe Candace Osunsade Shannon Senefeld Schuyler Thorup Board of Directors CRS Foundation Board Endorsements Financial ReportsFinancial Reports Pro Forma IRS Form 990 Our Pledge to Donors Accountability Risk Management & Compliance Careers at CRSCareers at CRS Current Openings Benefits Volunteer Opportunities Aspire Program Fellowships Internships Junior Professionals Contact CRS Adding CRS to your Email Address Book Safeguarding Bid Opportunities Privacy Policy Menu Search keyword... Become a monthly donor and change lives Join a group of committed Catholics who are making a big difference! Join Today Photo by Jeffrey Bruno for CRS putting our faith into action to help the world’s poorest create lasting change Join Us in Prayer › Honor women with a gift on International Women’s Day Help women entrepreneurs start a business and launch a future! Raising chickens to support her family Discover how Sandra in El Salvador strives to ensure a better future for her family through a CRS chicken-raising project. our work overseas We work with organizations around the world to help poor and vulnerable people overcome emergencies, earn a living through agriculture and access affordable health care Agriculture We help farmers organize into groups and build sustainable agro-enterprises. Education We promote access to high quality education, especially for marginalized kids. Emergency Response and Recovery We use vouchers to help people buy what they need and to boost local economies. Looking to partner with CRS? Learn how › See All Programming Areas › Turn Dollars Into Change Bring lasting change to children and their families. Become a regular donor and for just 80 cents a day, you can make a difference! $24 $35 $50 Other Amount or give one time Ways to get involved CRS Rice Bowl Pray, fast and give to go deeper with Christ and live in solidarity with the world’s poor. LEARN MORE › Our Campaigns Join our movement and create meaningful change for those most in need. Act Now › Latest News Featured Story December 21 , 2023 CRS Warns of Life-Threatening Food Shortage in Gaza After Report Reveals Risk of Famine Report warns entire population of Gaza - about 2.2 million people - in danger of high levels of hunger February 14, 2024 Show Love for Our Global Family Through Catholic Relief Services’ Rice Bowl “During Lent, we’re meant to express the love that we feel when we receive the Eucharist. CRS February 7, 2024 CRS Applauds Senate's $10 Billion Humanitarian Aid Inclusion in Recent Supplemental Package Senate bill would provide food, shelter, clean water for millions impacted by global crises February 1, 2024 Sierra Leone Launches Western Area Peninsula Water Fund to Protect and Improve Water Resources in Greater Freetown The Western Area Peninsula Water Fund will ensure clean water for users in Freetown See all news Why give to CRS?Learn about our Accountability Make a differenceDonate Today 2022 Operating Expenses Recognition Trusted by charity rating agencies: faith. action. results. Catholic Relief Services carries out the commitment of the Bishops of the United States to assist the poor and vulnerable overseas. About UsOur Mission Catholic Identity CRS History Endorsements Financials Careers Contact Bid Opportunities Leadership Our Work OverseasProgramming Areas How We Work Where We Work Research & Publications Partners Stories Ways To GiveGive Monthly Make a One-Time Donation More Ways to Give Donate by Phone or Mail Get InvolvedCampaigns Chapters and Clubs Advocate Pray Participate Connect Quick LinksInstitute for Capacity Strengthening CRS Resource Center 13-5563422Federal Tax Exemption ID Number Join our mailing list facebook youtube twitter instagram ©2024 Catholic Relief Services228 W. Lexington St. Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3443877-435-7277[email protected] Terms of Use Privacy Policy Catholic Relief Services is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization; Donations to CRS are tax-deductible to the full extent allowable under the law. Catholic Relief Services eases suffering and provides assistance to people in need in more than 100 countries, without regard to race, religion or nationality. We are the official overseas relief and development agency of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and a member of Caritas Internationalis.