Create Sitemaps - Sitemap Generator - Visual Sitemap Generator DYNO Mapper HomeFeaturesVisual Sitemap GeneratorContent InventoryContent AuditContent PlanningKeyword TrackingWebsite Accessibility TestingV.A.C.Q. SCORE ®BlogTagsPlans & PricingResourcesInformation ArchitectureWebsite AccessibilitySitemaps & SEOContent InventorySign UpLogin Website Discovery, Planning, and Optimization Organize website projects using visual sitemaps, content inventory, content audit, content planning, daily keyword tracking, and website accessibility testing FREE TRIAL Features Visual Sitemap Generator Content Inventory Content Audit Content Planning Keyword Tracking Website Accessibility Testing V.A.C.Q. SCORE ® Visual Sitemap Generator and more DYNO Mapper ® is the best solution for realizing and displaying the true architecture of a website with interactive visual sitemaps. Create interactive visual sitemaps with one click of the mouse. LEARN MORE Inventory, Audit, Planning Inventory your website for all pages, images, documents, videos, audio, and files. Use the Content Audit to optimize your assets and plan content tasks using the content calendar. Google Analytics Integration Display Google Analytics metrics in each sitemap with the ability to sort and filter pages in your visual sitemap. Filtered sitemaps can be exported to PDF or CSV. Daily Keyword Tracking Automatically import keywords from a domain and receive daily keyword tracking reports about rankings on Google, Yahoo, and Bing with the ability to track by location or device. Website Accessibility Testing Our web accessibility tool can scan an entire website for WCAG / Section 508 compliance. Identify know errors in web design and content for ADA Website Compliance. Dynomapper is my go-to SEO tool for crawling websites and performing accessibility testing. I could not live without this software, as it is vital resource in helping me better manage SEO projects and website migrations. I use Dynomapper during the sales process, within website migrations themselves, and in post go-live technical audits. It has been an invaluable software package for me and one that I encourage my clients and SEO students to utilize. Rebecca Gill Vice President of Digital Marketing Services, emagine Create Interactive Visual Sitemaps Sign Up Discovery has never been easier. Sign up today! What’s new with DYNO Mapper ® v5.0 We are so excited and proud to announce the release of DYNO Mapper® v5.0. Crawling Private Pages of Password Protected Websites What is a password protected website? Why would a website be password protected? Why would I want to Organize Your Website Redesign Using a Premium Sitemap Generator DYNO Mapper has many features to use in the content planning phase of designing a website. This make Home Plans & Pricing Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Support Security Sign Up Login Features Visual Sitemap Generator Content Inventory Content Audit Content Planning Keyword Tracking Website Accessibility Testing Google Analytics Comments Blog Accessibility Testing Business Content Inventory Content Audit Create Sitemaps Sitemap Generator UX Search Engine Optimization Resources User Guide Information Architecture Information Architecture Schools Website Accessibility Sitemaps & SEO Content Inventory Sitemaps We are proud to be part of: Facebook Twitter Youtube Pinterest © 2024 DYNOMAPPER v6.0 - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Accessibility Statement We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more I agree × Information cookies Cookies are short reports that are sent and stored on the hard drive of the user's computer through your browser when it connects to a web. Cookies can be used to collect and store user data while connected to provide you the requested services and sometimes tend not to keep. Cookies can be themselves or others. There are several types of cookies: Technical cookies that facilitate user navigation and use of the various options or services offered by the web as identify the session, allow access to certain areas, facilitate orders, purchases, filling out forms, registration, security, facilitating functionalities (videos, social networks, etc..). Customization cookies that allow users to access services according to their preferences (language, browser, configuration, etc..). Analytical cookies which allow anonymous analysis of the behavior of web users and allow to measure user activity and develop navigation profiles in order to improve the websites. So when you access our website, in compliance with Article 22 of Law 34/2002 of the Information Society Services, in the analytical cookies treatment, we have requested your consent to their use. All of this is to improve our services. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistical information such as the number of visitors to our site. Cookies added by Google Analytics are governed by the privacy policies of Google Analytics. If you want you can disable cookies from Google Analytics. However, please note that you can enable or disable cookies by following the instructions of your browser. Close