Find Country Clubs in Your Area | invitedclubs.com See the updated Privacy Policy for details on how cookies are used on this site. Accept Skip to Content Opens in new tab Member Login Benefits Finder Invited Clubs Main Site Navigation Company Find A Club Host An Event Community Impact Member Benefits Login - Opens in new tab Contact Us Contact Us Menu Company History Management Team Portfolio Golf & Country Clubs Business Clubs Careers Club Acquisitions Recent Acquisitions Member Owned Clubs Acquired Clubs FAQs News Find A Club Host An Event Weddings Find A Venue Weddings Accessibility Tournaments & Outings Community Impact E.C.F. Gateway Club Member Benefits XLife Benefits XLife Benefits for Golf & Country Club Members XLife Benefits for City Club Members XLife Benefits for California City Club Members XLife Benefits for Stadium Club Members Connect With Us Alliances Member Tournaments Invited Couples Tournament Invited Two Person Best Ball Tournament Invited Champions Classic Professional Tournaments Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Opens in new tab Member Login Benefits Finder Contact Us Home We are Invited. Invited reflects our proud history of inclusiveness and captures our welcoming spirit. Our unprecedented collection of 180 golf and country clubs and city clubs share a common goal- building relationships and enriching lives. The time has come to build on our traditions and write new chapters. We welcome you to join us. Invited. Where You Belong. A Special Announcement We’re excited to welcome three-time major winner Jordan Spieth to the Invited family as an investor and brand ambassador. Learn More A Sense of Belonging: The Hills Country Club Find your sense of belonging at The Hills Country Club. Watch our latest video to discover the sounds, sights, tastes, and smells—from the feel of the breeze on our Nicklaus-designed golf course and the cheers of a tennis match, to the aromas of fine dining at The Chophouse. Explore the Club ClubCorp is now Invited 180 Clubs400K Members In 2023 ... 57,945 new Members 4.7 million rounds played 5.25 million meals 54 new pickleball courts and 6 new tennis courts 2,511 FitStart sessions for 1,681 new clients Nearly 65,600 Member Events ClubCorp is now Invited 180 Clubs400K Members In 2022 ... 28,000 New Members Joined 1,800 Weddings Celebrated 4.75 Million Rounds of Golf Played 7.1 Million Meals Enjoyed 60,000 Member Events Hosted 144 Blood Drives Hosted INVITED to new experiences and new memories White Columns Country Club Milton, GA INVITED to pursue passions and live life to the fullest Mission Hills Country Club Rancho Mirage, CA INVITED to build community and make new connections Silicon Valley Capital Club San Jose, CA INVITED to network and grow personally and professionally The Clubs of Prestonwood - Hills Plano, TX INVITED to enjoy entertainment and golf for everyone BigShots Golf Bryan, TX “Every guest is treated like a member, and every member is treated like a king.” Robert Dedman Sr., Our Founder WANT TO LEARN MORE OR BE A PART OF INVITED? Find A Club Opens in new tab Contact Us As always, "WE SERVE" is a core value of Invited. Our Members and employees lend their hands and hearts to serve communities nationwide and make a difference. As always, "WE SERVE" is a core value of Invited. Our Members and employees lend their hands and hearts to serve communities nationwide and make a difference. Learn More The Invited Portfolio The Country Club of the South Milton, GA Invited Golf & Country Clubs Where families and neighbors form true friendships and enjoy a fulfilling lifestyle. Explore > The Collective Seattle, WA City Clubs Where new ideas are born and leaders come together to build a strong, vibrant community. Explore > Featured Properties Firestone Country Club Akron, OH Explore > City Club LA Los Angeles, CA Explore > The Woodlands Country Club The Woodlands, TX Explore > The Metropolitan Chicago, IL Explore > Mission Hills Country Club Rancho Mirage, CA Explore > We Are Here to Help Members enjoy access to ClubLine for concierge services like booking tee times at private golf courses, making dining and hotel reservations, getting information about benefits with their Invited clubs membership and more. Contact ClubLine Invited Magazine Close Contact form for technical problems modal Contact form for technical problems. Report A Technical Problem Page URL Technical Problem* Submit Company Find A Club Host An Event Community Impact Member Benefits Invited Clubs Invited Opens in new window 3030 LBJ Freeway | Suite 500 Dallas, TX 75234 1 972-243-6191 ClubCorp on facebook ClubCorp on instagram ClubCorp on twitter ClubCorp on youtube ClubCorp on linkedin Privacy Policy Invited Clubs ClubLine Investors Technical Problems? © 2024 Invited (ClubCorp) All Rights Reserved.