Visible Wireless | Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Cell Phone Plans Skip to main content navigation region started Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Newsroom Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Sign in Account Sign Out Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Newsroom Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Articles: Help: Account Sign Out Main region started One-line wireless for $25/mo Get unlimited data, talk, text, and hotspot for as little as $25/mo. Taxes and fees included. Bring my phone bring my phone Shop phones shop phones One line, unlimited, on Verizon’s network Visible $25/mo Taxes & fees included 5G/4G LTE, talk & text to Mexico and Canada 5G/4G LTE, talk & text to Mexico and Canada Premium data Visible+ $45/mo Taxes & fees included Plus, our fastest 5G, 50 GB premium data, global talk & text Plus, our fastest 5G, 50 GB premium data, global talk & text Get details Get details Both plans include: Unlimited data, talk, text & hotspot¹ Same payment every month¹ Verizon 5G & 4G LTE coverage² No annual contract Get a new phone and $340 in savings with trade-in Get a new phone and save up to $240 on Visible+. Plus, get an additional $100 or more when you trade-in. Learn more Learn more Bring a Samsung Galaxy S24 Series device, get a $50 gift card Switch to Visible with a Galaxy S24, Galaxy S24+, or Galaxy S24 Ultra, and get a $50 gift card. Use code SAMSUNG50 at check out. Get Started Learn more Get the latest phones from Apple, Samsung & Google. iPhone 15 Pro As low as $27.75/mo, for 36 months at 0% APR. Prequalify with Full price: $999 Learn more learn more Coming Soon Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra As low as $36.08/mo, for 36 months at 0% APR. Prequalify with Full price: $1299 Learn more learn more Google Pixel 8 Pro As low as $27.75/mo, for 36 months at 0% APR. Prequalify with Full price: $999 Learn more learn more Shop all phones shop all phones The truth about yadas Every carrier has yadas. Unlike the other guys, we don't hide ours. The monthly cost you see is what you'll pay — taxes and fees included. Learn more Learn more Our network covers 99% of the population That means we're pretty much everywhere you need us to be. That's because we run on Verizon's award-winning 5G and 4G LTE networks. Learn more learn more Visible Visible+ Coverage details 5G Ultra Wideband is Verizon’s fastest 5G network. Compared to typical 4G LTE speeds, it runs up to 10x faster. Available in select areas. 5G + 4G LTE includes a combination of 5G Ultra Wideband, 5G, and 4G LTE network services both domestically and internationally Coverage details 5G Ultra Wideband is Verizon’s fastest 5G network. Compared to typical 4G LTE speeds, it runs up to 10x faster. Available in select areas. 5G + 4G LTE includes a combination of 5G Ultra Wideband, 5G, and 4G LTE network services both domestically and internationally 5G Ultra Wideband 5G + 4G LTE No coverage Make your new phone more affordable We've partnered with to offer flexible payment options with as low as 0% APR Learn more Learn more Get paid for your old device with trade-in Switch to Visible and use the trade-in value of your current phone towards a new phone. Get a trade-in estimate Don’t miss these deals Check out our current deals before they're gone. Check out deals Start your 15-day free trial with Visible No credit cards, no contracts, no payments. Just 15 days of Visible for free. Learn more Learn more MKBHD knows a great deal We asked our friend Marques Brownlee (aka MKBHD) to explain why one cost is better than “low cost.” Learn more Learn more Get $20 for every friend you bring Get $20/mo off Visible for every friend you bring. In return they’ll get wireless with unlimited data, plus $20 towards their first month with Visible. 5G access requires a 5G-capable device in a 5G service area. 5G access requires a 5G-capable device in a 5G service area. Learn more Learn more Three ways to get started Pick a plan Learn more > Bring a phone Get started > Buy a new phone Shop phones > visible impacts Enabling life’s essential connections. We’re commited to helping people in need connect to their basic needs — food, work, and inclusive communities. Find out more See what real members have to say about Visible Read member reviews 4.5 out of 5 98.8K ratings 4.4 out of 5 35.9K ratings ¹Never worry about overages or hidden fees with all the minutes, messages, and megabytes you need. Includes unlimited calls & texting from the US to Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam and Saipan. ²Visible runs on Verizon's award-winning 5G & 4G LTE networks. Video streams in SD. In times of traffic, your data may be temporarily slower than other traffic. 5G requires a 5G-capable device inside the 5G coverage area. Rates from 0–36% APR. Payment options through Affirm are subject to an eligibility check and are provided by these lending partners: affirm.com/lenders. Options depend on your purchase amount, and a down payment may be required. CA residents: Loans by Affirm Loan Services, LLC are made or arranged pursuant to a California Finance Lenders Law license. For licenses and disclosures, see affirm.com/licenses. Get a virtual gift card when you bring your Samsung Galaxy S24 series device. Use SAMSUNG50 at checkout Join Visible with your Samsung Galaxy S24 series device via bring your own device. Use code SAMSUNG50 at checkout Transfer your number from an Eligible Carrier within 30 days of transaction Set up your SIM and activate your device After completing 3 full months of service payments, you will receive an email with a code to redeem your virtual gift card *Some restrictions apply. See offer details, https://www.visible.com/deals/choose-your-own-gift-card Offer disclosure: Offer ends 3.26.2024; subject to change. New members who (1) activate a qualifying device and use code SAMSUNG50 at checkout (Qualifying devices are the Samsung Galaxy S24, Galaxy S24+, or the Galaxy S24 Ultra), (2) transfer their existing phone number from an Eligible Carrier within 30 days of transaction, (3) activate their Visible service, & (4) complete 3 full months' service payments, are eligible to receive a virtual gift card worth up to $50, redeemable via a promo code, which is valid for a select offering on https://www.visibleoffers.com. Promo eligibility is subject to change. This promotion is fulfilled through 3rd-party, Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc., and may be subject to additional policies and terms. Limit 1 virtual gift card per person or household per device. The promo code is itself not a gift card and has no cash value. Promo code and redemption instructions will be emailed to the member after qualification. While supplies last. Limited time offer. Can only be combined with other Visible promos where indicated. Visible reserves the right to change or terminate this offer at any time. If Visible, in its sole discretion, determines that a member has engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer, or that the member intends to do so, Visible reserves the right to disqualify the member from this promotion. Gift card vendor list is variable and subject to change. Gift Card redemption promotion code is valid for redemption with 3rd party for 30 days. Gift card is valid for up to 12 months; unused funds will forfeit after expiration date. Gift card to be fulfilled digitally; physical cards will not be issued. Gift card vendor-specific terms and conditions may apply; see gift card for additional details. New members, Save up to $240 via monthly service credits. New line required on Visible+ plan. Join Visible on a new line of service Purchase a new device on device payment or at full retail price (see device specific promo terms for specific requirements) Select the Visible+ plan Pay the applicable sales tax on the pre-credit price and activate your service within 30 days Offer disclosure: Limited-time offer; subject to change. New members will receive a discount off monthly service for the promotional period (12 or 24 months) with the purchase of an eligible device via device loan or full retail purchase. Eligible devices for this promotion can be found here. Each device promo has its own set of requirements on whether the device needs to be purchased in full or financed via Affirm in order to qualify for the promo. If purchased in full, full device cost, including applicable taxes and fees, is required to be paid. If financed via Affirm at device purchase, Affirm financing subject to credit approval through Affirm. Standard monthly service pricing applies once the full promotional value is applied. Monthly promotional credits will stop if the member is not on the Visible+ plan or if eligibility requirements are no longer met. Device Promo via Service Credit Terms and Conditions apply. Monthly service credit is not transferable, not redeemable for cash and has no cash value. Member must maintain service for full promotional period (12 or 24 months) to get full benefit of the promotion; no value will be provided to the member for unused promotional months if an account is terminated. The member is responsible for all applicable taxes and fees. Service credits may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. Minimum monthly service payment of $5/mo applies. Minimum $100 value for any trade-in device in good and working condition. Receive your estimate. Answer a few quick questions and get your trade-in estimate on the spot. Find your new phone. Browse our shop and pick your new phone. Return your device. Print the return label, prep your device and ship it within 21 days of placing your order. Get paid. Once your phone has been verified, you'll be issued a credit. Offer disclosure: Limited-time offer; subject to change. New and existing members will receive a minimum $100 trade-in credit when they trade in a device in good and working condition and purchase a new device through Visible.com. Good and working condition: The phone will turn on and stay on, there isn't any kind of liquid damage, the phone is free of major physical damage, the screen is functional and is free of cracks and damages. If the device is not returned in the condition stated or we don’t receive the expected device make/model tied to your estimate, your trade-in value may change. Visible Trade-in Program Terms and Conditions apply. Void where prohibited, taxed, or otherwise restricted. Limited time offer. Visible reserves the right to change or terminate this offer at any time, with or without notice, including for any violation of Visible’s terms of service. If Visible, in its sole discretion, determines that a member has engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer, or that the member intends to do so, Visible reserves the right to disqualify the member from this promotion at any time. Main region ended Footer region started Follow Visible: Subscribe to stay in the loop. Submit Email address That is not a valid email format. Please try again. Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Services Bring your own device Switch to Visible Trade-in program Visible Protect Activate service Affirm financing Returns policy Shop Apple Apple Watch Google Motorola Samsung Merch Store Company About Us Blog Newsroom Reviews Community Visible Impacts Sitemap Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Legal Disclosures About our Ads Supplemental Terms Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Follow Visible: Subscribe to stay in the loop. Submit Email address That is not a valid email format. Please try again.. Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Services Bring your own device Switch to Visible Trade-in program Visible Protect Activate service Affirm financing Returns policy Shop Apple Apple Watch Google Motorola Samsung Merch Store Company About Us Blog Newsroom Reviews Community Visible Impacts Sitemap Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Legal Disclosures About our Ads Supplemental Terms Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 Footer region ended