Closer Weekly Cancel OK ✕ Your account Account Purchase Favorite News Subs Address Sign Out Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Sign In Need an account? Sign up now! Email Password Forgot password? Sign In By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy. Sign In with your social account Continue with Google Continue with Facebook Continue with Amazon Continue with Apple We won't post to any of your accounts without asking first Sign Up Already have an account? Login Email Password Confirm Password Your password must include: Min 8 characters Min 1 lowercase character Min 1 uppercase character Min 1 number Sign Up I agree to the terms of the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy Sign In with your social account Continue with Google Continue with Facebook Continue with Amazon Continue with Apple We won't post to any of your accounts without asking first Forgot your password? Enter your email to receive activation code. Reset Password * Please note that this form cannot be used to reset your Google or Facebook password. Visit Google or Facebook to do that. Get back to the Sign In Reset your password An email has been sent to with a recovery code. Please enter it below: Enter new password Confirm Password Your password must include: Min 8 characters Min 1 lowercase character Min 1 uppercase character Min 1 number Submit Open main menu button Closer Weekly Login Account SUBSCRIBE Search News Royals Entertainment Couples Famous Families Celebrity Homes Style Shop Special Issues Privacy Piolicy Terms & Conditions Closer Weekly Login Account Accessibility statement Do Not Sell Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell Accessibility statement Social icon facebook Social icon instagram Social icon twitter Search Login Account SUBSCRIBE NOW! Ryan Seacrest Announces Huge Project With Sister Meredith: 'So Excited' News Kevin Costner Has 7 Amazing Kids! Meet the Iconic Star's Blended Family Hoda Kotb's Home Is Filled With Love! Tour the Star's Long Island House Sam Champion Leaves NYC After Filling in for Pal Ginger Zee on ‘GMA’ Harrison Ford’s Son Ben Ford and Wife Emily Reach Divorce Settlement Where Is Ty Pennington Now? What Happened to 'Trading Spaces' Star Dustin Hoffman Brings Grandkids to ‘Kung Fu Panda 4’ Premiere [Photos] See Savannah Guthrie's Cutest Photos With Sweet Husband Mike Feldman News Hoda Kotb Went on 1st Date in 2 Years After Split From Joel Schiffman ExclusiveAnn-Margret Says She and Elvis ‘Laughed So Hard’ During ‘Viva’ Filming John Candy’s Kids Remember Late Father on 30th Anniversary of Death Royals Why Has Kate Middleton Been Missing From the Public Eye? Health Updates ExclusivePrince William ‘Is in No Rush to Be King' as King Charles Battles Cancer Prince Harry's Best Quotes About Being a Dad to Kids Archie and Lilibet Famous Families Ginger Zee's Family! Meet the 'GMA' Star's 2 Sons With Husband Ben Aaron ExclusiveHilary Swank Thinks Her and Philip Schneider's Twins Are 'Miracles' 'Today' Anchor Savannah Guthrie Has a Sweet Bond With Her Daughter Vale Photos Loving the Ocean Breeze! See Mariska Hargitay’s Beautiful Bikini Photos Style More Photo Galleries See Rare Photos of Nicole Kidman's Only Son Connor Growing Up See ‘Battle on the Beach’ Host Alison Victoria’s Best Bikini Photos Check Out the ‘Top Chef’ Judges' Net Worths Amid Padma Lakshmi's Exit Baby News Galore! Celebrities Who Are Pregnant and Gave Birth in 2023 Kelly Ripa Looks Glamorous in Pajamas With Mark Consuelos in NYC [Photos] Mina Starsiak Hawk Credits ‘Fixer Upper’ for Changing Direction of HGTV Reba McEntire Says Her Marriage to Narvel Blackstock Was About ‘Business’ Savannah Guthrie Returns to ‘Today’ After Whirlwind Book Release and Drama Video HGTV's 'House Hunters: All Stars' Has an Incredible Cast! What to Know Entertainment More Videos Madonna Returns to the Stage After Suffering Scary Fall at Her Concert Kelly Ripa Joins Madonna on Stage for Risque ‘Vogue’ Performance in NYC Emma Hemming Shares Sweet Video of Bruce Willis Prior to FTD Diagnosis ExclusiveMarie Osmond Wants ‘Darling’ Disney Star to Play Her in a Biopic Film ExclusiveMarie Osmond’s Grandkids Watch Her Perform, Wave to Her on Stage closer Exclusives! Vanna White and John Donaldson Planning a 'Short and Sweet' Wedding Ryan Seacrest's Mom Is 'Hoping' He'll Give Her a Grandchild With Aubrey John Malkovich 'Learned a Lot' About History While Making 'The New Look' Curly Howard’s Grandson Bradley Is Keeping His ‘Brilliant’ Legacy Alive Wynonna Judd’s Confidence Has ‘Steadily Been Plunging’ Since Mom's Death Barbara Eden Recalls 'Joys,' 'Challenges' of Working With Larry Hagman Felicity Huffman 'Felt So Much Guilt' After College Admissions Scandal Angie Dickinson Recalls Hollywood Memories and Working With Dean Martin Christopher Atkins, Priscilla Presley and More ‘Dallas’ Stars to Reunite What Was Richard Lewis’ Cause of Death? Inside Late Actor's Health Battle Tour ‘Today’ Star and Mom of 3 Dylan Dreyer’s New York City Apartment John Candy Was Married to Wife Rosemary for 15 Years: Meet His Spouse Latest Video HGTV's 'House Hunters: All Stars' Has an Incredible Cast! What to Know Closer Weekly logo Follow us! Social icon facebook Social icon twitter Social icon instagram Sign up for our e-newsletter Closer Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Closer Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2024. All Rights Reserved Closer Weekly News Royals Entertainment Couples Famous Families Style Newsletter Do Not Sell a360media Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us About Us Subscriber Service Shop Special Issues Accessibility Statement Cookie Policy Media Kit Want more? Subscribe! Give as a Gift Subscriber Services