CBS Bay Area - Breaking Local News, First Alert Weather & Sports Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Bay Area Breaking Local News, First Alert Weather & Community Journalism facebook twitter instagram youtube News Bay Area Top News SF/Peninsula News East Bay News South Bay News North Bay News Bay Area Crime Tech Health Politics LGBTQ Entertainment KPIX Special Reports CBS+ Weather Weather Radars & Maps Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks Cal Stanford College Sports Odds Video Station Info KPIX What's On KPIX Contests & Promotions Advertise With Us Contact Us Downloada the App Galleries CBS News Live CBS News Bay Area: Local News, Weather & More Nov 18, 2019 CBS News Bay Area CBS News Live Weather Where You Live Salesforce Tower Cams Black History Month Jefferson Awards Top Stories More Credit card late fees to be capped at $8 under new Biden rule The Biden administration is moving to cap credit card late fees at $8, which now cost consumers about $32. 1H ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 1H ago Mass shooting at house party in King City, Monterey County leaves 4 dead, 7 wounded; masked suspects at large A targeted mass shooting at a home where a party was taking place in the Monterey County town of King City left four people dead and seven others wounded, police said Monday. 11H ago Jewish UC Berkeley student recalls fearing for her life when protesters disrupted event For about half an hour last week, Sharon Knafelman, a 19-year-old Berkeley student, feared for her life. 7H ago Deputies exchange fire with fleeing suspect in Santa Rosa; 4 deputies hurt, suspect dead Four deputies were injured, one critically, in a shootout and chase with a suspect in Santa Rosa that ended with the suspect crashing and dying at the scene. 12H ago Oakland restaurant owners rally amid break-ins ahead of Restaurant Week The Oakland community gathered to sample the diverse cuisines on offer during the upcoming 2024 Oakland Restaurant Week. updated 22M ago San Pablo man charged in disappearance and murder of wife and mother-in-law Police in San Pablo on Monday confirmed the recent arrest of a suspect in connection with the disappearance and murder of his wife and mother-in-law, according to authorities. 11H ago Pothole repairs on westbound Richmond-San Rafael Bridge snarl traffic from the East Bay Pothole repairs that slowed westbound traffic on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge since late Monday morning are now expected to stretch into early Tuesday, according to Caltrans. 10H ago Oakland road risks total erosion from years of storm damage For the past two years, winter storms have taken their toll on Bay Area roadways, but in one Oakland hills neighborhood, the road is at risk of disappearing completely. 12H ago More Top Stories California Primary More The California primary is Tuesday. Here's what to know. In addition to a presidential primary led by current frontrunners, the California primary on Super Tuesday features a number of other key races that will go in front of voters all across the state and across the San Francisco Bay Area. 12H ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 1H ago Congressional campaign using AI to help voters learn about their candidate While AI has yet to see firm regulation, one campaign in Silicon Valley is leaning into its use to set an example for campaigns to come. 13H ago Volunteer pushes to get the vote out in San Francisco's underserved communities Primary elections typically post low voter turnout numbers, but the San Francisco elections department and advocacy groups are working around the clock to get out the message for residents to submit their ballots this year. 14H ago Attack ads raising temperature of Alameda County Democratic committee race As the California primary approaches, a little known but important race in the East Bay is heating up with negative ads. updated 5M ago More Sports More EA Sports says over 10K athletes accepted NIL deal for college football video game EA Sports has announced that more than 10,000 athletes have accepted its offer to have their likeness featured in its upcoming college football video game. 16H ago After signing deal with Giants, Matt Chapman says he has 'unfinished business' in Bay Area The more Matt Chapman looked around, the more the four-time Gold Glove third baseman realized he wanted to go back to the Bay Area. 20H ago Kaprizov's hat trick gives Wild 4-3 win over Sharks Kirill Kaprizov scored the go-ahead goal with 3:59 left to lift the Wild past the Sharks 4-3 on Sunday night. Mar 3 Celtics crush weary Warriors 140-88 The NBA-best Boston Celtics posted their third-largest winning margin in franchise history, drubbing the weary Golden State Warriors 140-88 on Sunday. Mar 3 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 More in Sports Project Earth More How San Francisco schools are digging deep to weather climate change On average, over 10 billion gallons of rain falls in San Francisco every year. Add climate change and more extreme weather to the mix combined with the city's antiquated sewer system and you can have flooded streets and backed up drains. Feb 29 San Jose woman transforms discarded fabrics into fabulous "upcycled" fashion The global fashion industry is worth an estimated $1.7 trillion, but that value comes at a cost. Each year, more than 11 million tons of textiles – mostly discarded clothing - ends up in landfill. Feb 15 Fixit clinic volunteers on Peninsula work to keep gadgets out of landfills A volunteer fixit clinic, organized by the San Mateo County's Office of Sustainability, helps keep household gizmos out of the local dump. Jan 25 East Bay volunteers give pollinators a fighting chance In the northwest part of Contra Costa County, a remarkable effort is now underway to help some of the most important creatures on our planet: the creatures that pollinate our foods. Jan 18 Bay Area biotech firm eyes methane-eating microbes to curb greenhouse emissions A Bay Area biotech firm is working on a clever strategy to capture a worrisome greenhouse gas, and in the process turn it into a rich organic fertilizer. Jan 11 More First Alert Weather More Oakland road risks total erosion from years of storm damage For the past two years, winter storms have taken their toll on Bay Area roadways, but in one Oakland hills neighborhood, the road is at risk of disappearing completely. 12H ago Monday evening First Alert weather forecast with Paul Heggen - 3/4/24 Expect a few lingering showers Monday night, particularly in the North Bay. Showers are possible on Tuesday, with another storm system expected to arrive Wednesday. Paul Heggen has the forecast. (3/4/24) 13H ago 04:04 Sierra adds another foot of snow to growing snowpack in last 24 hours UC Berkeley's Sierra Snow Lab at Soda Springs said at 8:30 a.m. Monday it received nearly a foot of new snow in the previous 24 hours. 17H ago Monday morning First Alert Weather forecast 3/4/24 with Jessica Burch 22H ago 02:12 More Latest Videos More Latest Videos Hate crime investigation underway after disruption of Israeli speaker event at UC Berkeley Itay Hod reports on a hate crime investigation in Berkeley 7H ago 03:12 Hate crime investigation underway after disruption of Israeli speaker event at UC Berkeley Oakland restaurants gearing up for Oakland Restaurant Week Jose Martinez reports on how the Oakland restaurant community is handling Restaurant Week. 8H ago 02:17 Recent rain highlights ongoing issue of road erosion in Oakland John Ramos reports on the ongoing troubles residents of the Oakland Hills are having with road erosion caused by the heavy rain of the past two years. (3/4/2024) 11H ago 03:15 California Congressional District 16 candidate using AI to inform voters of his platform Lauren Toms reports on how AI is being used in one Congressional race. 11H ago 04:28 PIX Now evening edition 3-4-24 CBS News Bay Area evening headlines for Monday, March 4, 2024. Watch full newscasts streamed at the CBS SF website or on the app. Website: http://kpix.com YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/CBSSanFrancisco Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CBSSanFrancisco Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kpixtv Twitter: https://twitter.com/KPIXtv 11H ago 11:45 More in Latest Videos CBS News Bay Area Interviews CBS News Bay Area Interviews Former director of California's labor department weighs in on strong jobs report CBS News Bay Area anchor Elizabeth Cook asks former EDD Director Michael Bernick about the latest jobs report, as well as the recent layoffs, particularly in the tech sector Feb 2 04:51 Cancer cases on the rise According to the American Cancer Society, colon cancer is now the leading cause of cancer deaths for people under 50 among men, and ranking second for women. CBS News Bay Area anchor Ryan Yamamoto asks Dr. Curtis Chong, clinical assistant professor of medical oncology at Stanford, what's behind this rise in cancer cases, and if screening for colon cancer should be lowered Jan 29 05:12 Boeing 737 Max 9 flights cleared for takeoff Alaska Airlines is resuming flights on Boeing 737-Max 9 jets, weeks after the FAA grounded the planes following a midair flight incident in which a door panel blew out mid-flight while heading to California. However, U.S. Air Safety Regulators have placed limits on how many 737 Max jets Boeing can produce. CBS News Bay Area anchor Ryan Yamamoto asks Olaf Groth, PhD, from UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business about the impact this could have on Boeing's bottom line Jan 26 04:12 Coping with tragedy: One year after the Half Moon Bay shootings Dr. Ryan Matlow, child psychologist with Stanford Children's Health, talks with CBS News Bay Area anchor Elizabeth Cook about how his team has worked to help students cope after the Half Moon Bay shootings in California and how the tragedy impacted the mental health of the children in the community Jan 24 04:57 More teens hospitalized for eating disorders Dr. Megen Vo, adolescent medicine physician at Stanford Children's Health in California and the medical director of the Eating Disorders Outpatient Clinic at Stanford Medicine talks to CBS News Bay Area anchor Elizabeth Cook about why hospitalization rates for eating disorders are climbing among teens, and how atypical anorexia is different from other eating disorders Jan 23 05:34 Seasonal affective disorder: Symptoms and treatment Many people can go through periods of feeling down and not themselves, and that can come with the changing seasons. If you notice changes in your mood and behavior as the seasons change, you could be experiencing seasonal affective disorder. CBS News Bay Area anchor Ryan Yamamoto talks with Dr. Kristin Raj, psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford, about the causes of seasonal affective disorder and who is most at risk of developing it Jan 22 04:07 KPIX+-TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter SF & Peninsula News More SF & Peninsula News Volunteer pushes to get the vote out in San Francisco's underserved communities Primary elections typically post low voter turnout numbers, but the San Francisco elections department and advocacy groups are working around the clock to get out the message for residents to submit their ballots this year. 14H ago Apple's rules around iCloud storage at center of lawsuit alleging antitrust law violations Apple was hit Friday with a class action lawsuit in federal court in San Francisco contending it unlawfully "tied" together two of its products. 16H ago Man convicted in 2013 execution-style murder in San Francisco's Sunnydale neighborhood The man who killed a victim execution-style in 2013 in San Francisco's Sunnydale neighborhood was convicted Friday of first-degree murder, San Francisco District Attorney Brooke Jenkins announced Monday. 17H ago Woman killed in weekend hit-and-run on El Camino Real in Redwood City Police in Redwood City are searching for a hit-and-run driver who killed a woman on El Camino Real over the weekend. 20H ago Man stabbed in East Palo Alto last month dies from injuries A man who got stabbed in East Palo Alto in February has died, East Palo Alto police said early Monday morning. 21H ago More San Francisco & Peninsula News East Bay News More East Bay News Jewish UC Berkeley student recalls fearing for her life when protesters disrupted event For about half an hour last week, Sharon Knafelman, a 19-year-old Berkeley student, feared for her life. 7H ago Oakland restaurant owners rally amid break-ins ahead of Restaurant Week The Oakland community gathered to sample the diverse cuisines on offer during the upcoming 2024 Oakland Restaurant Week. updated 21M ago San Pablo man charged in disappearance and murder of wife and mother-in-law Police in San Pablo on Monday confirmed the recent arrest of a suspect in connection with the disappearance and murder of his wife and mother-in-law, according to authorities. 11H ago Pothole repairs on westbound Richmond-San Rafael Bridge snarl traffic from the East Bay Pothole repairs that slowed westbound traffic on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge since late Monday morning are now expected to stretch into early Tuesday, according to Caltrans. 10H ago Oakland road risks total erosion from years of storm damage For the past two years, winter storms have taken their toll on Bay Area roadways, but in one Oakland hills neighborhood, the road is at risk of disappearing completely. 12H ago More East Bay News South Bay News More South Bay News Ex-pharmacy tech charged with murder in South Bay fentanyl overdose A disgraced pharmacy technician who lost his state license has been charged with murder in connection with the fentanyl overdose death of a South Bay woman, prosecutors said. 13H ago Congressional campaign using AI to help voters learn about their candidate While AI has yet to see firm regulation, one campaign in Silicon Valley is leaning into its use to set an example for campaigns to come. 13H ago Rare snowfall lures San Jose residents up "scary" drive to Mount Hamilton summit Saturday's rainstorm throughout the Bay Area became something else at the higher reaches of Mount Hamilton. Mar 3 Measure B would end police chief elections in Santa Clara Santa Clara is unique when it comes to law enforcement and how they choose their top cop, but that could soon change with Measure B on the March 5th primary ballot. Mar 1 2 San Jose teens arrested in gang-related triple shooting Police in San Jose announced Thursday that an 18-year-old and 16-year-old were both arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with a triple shooting that officers said was gang-related. Mar 1 More South Bay News North Bay News More North Bay News Arrest made in arson that caused more than $4 million in damage at Vallejo Target store Police in Vallejo announced over the weekend an arrest of a suspected arsonist who started a fire inside a Target store late last month, causing millions of dollars in damage. 19H ago Marin health officials issue warning after fentanyl overdose deaths rise in last two weeks Officials in Marin County have sent out a health advisory following what they say is a concerning uptick in overdose deaths by fentanyl in the last two weeks. Mar 4 Deputies exchange fire with fleeing suspect in Santa Rosa; 4 deputies hurt, suspect dead Four deputies were injured, one critically, in a shootout and chase with a suspect in Santa Rosa that ended with the suspect crashing and dying at the scene. 12H ago Napa teen severely injured in snowboarding accident faces ordeal with positive mindset A 15-year-old is facing a life-altering injury with a positive mindset and his community is rallying behind him. Mar 3 Sonoma County hosts first-ever Farmworkers Resource Fair Sonoma County, where agriculture is an economic engine, held a farmworker resource fair Sunday to help those who keep that engine running. Mar 3 More North Bay News Bay Area Bridge Builders More Leap year birthday holds special meaning for family of Oakland twin boys The Erickson family of Oakland looks forward to Feb. 29 every four years with joy and gratitude thanks to the special meaning it holds in their lives. Feb 29 Miracle Messages nonprofit continues to change the lives of former unhoused persons His nonprofit launched one of the largest privately-funded programs giving unhoused people a basic income in the Bay Area. Kevin Adler's 2018 Jefferson Award winner's groundbreaking program is making a difference. Feb 28 Oakland small business owner bucking trend with grand opening of retail store A small business owner is celebrating her grand opening in Oakland after a yearlong search to find the right retail spot, even as many retailers have closed their doors amid a rise in crime. Feb 27 Fight over People's Park development in Berkeley continues Opponents of UC Berkeley's plan to build student and supportive housing on the site gathered on campus Monday for a first-of-a-kind forum. Feb 26 San Francisco streets packed with Chinese New Year Parade celebrations The San Francisco Chinese New Year Parade started off with a bang on Saturday evening. Feb 25 More in Bay Area Bridge Builders Latest Stories More Latest Stories Credit card late fees to be capped at $8 under new Biden rule The Biden administration is moving to cap credit card late fees at $8, which now cost consumers about $32. 1H ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 1H ago Jewish UC Berkeley student recalls fearing for her life when protesters disrupted event For about half an hour last week, Sharon Knafelman, a 19-year-old Berkeley student, feared for her life. 7H ago Oakland restaurant owners rally amid break-ins ahead of Restaurant Week The Oakland community gathered to sample the diverse cuisines on offer during the upcoming 2024 Oakland Restaurant Week. updated 21M ago San Pablo man charged in disappearance and murder of wife and mother-in-law Police in San Pablo on Monday confirmed the recent arrest of a suspect in connection with the disappearance and murder of his wife and mother-in-law, according to authorities. 11H ago More Latest Stories Health More Health Marin health officials issue warning after fentanyl overdose deaths rise in last two weeks Officials in Marin County have sent out a health advisory following what they say is a concerning uptick in overdose deaths by fentanyl in the last two weeks. Mar 4 First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 17H ago Santa Cruz health officials monitor bacteria outbreak among homeless An outbreak of infectious bacteria is being monitored by the Santa Cruz County Public Health Division, county officials said Thursday. Feb 29 More in Health Bay Area Crime More Bay Area Crime San Pablo man charged in disappearance and murder of wife and mother-in-law Police in San Pablo on Monday confirmed the recent arrest of a suspect in connection with the disappearance and murder of his wife and mother-in-law, according to authorities. 11H ago Ex-pharmacy tech charged with murder in South Bay fentanyl overdose A disgraced pharmacy technician who lost his state license has been charged with murder in connection with the fentanyl overdose death of a South Bay woman, prosecutors said. 13H ago Richmond man accused of smuggling ammunition through Port of Oakland into Brazil A Richmond man was charged with allegedly smuggling ammunition through the Port of Oakland into Brazil without an export license, the Department of Justice said. 14H ago Mass shooting at house party in King City, Monterey County leaves 4 dead, 7 wounded; masked suspects at large A targeted mass shooting at a home where a party was taking place in the Monterey County town of King City left four people dead and seven others wounded, police said Monday. 11H ago Man arrested for shooting into San Leandro apartment building, wounding 4-year-old Authorities in the East Bay have arrested a man who allegedly shot a 4-year-old boy when he opened fire on an apartment building in San Leandro last week. 15H ago More Crime News Our Stories Define Us More Our Stories Define Us Oakland Unified copes with shocking rise in district's homeless student population Ever since the COVID-19 pandemic, the Oakland Unified School District has seen an alarming spike in the number of unhoused students in the school system who deal with a host of challenges far beyond what most children face. Nov 28, 2023 VR 360 View: Meteorologist Jessica Burch takes flight with the Blue Angels Meteorologist and CBS News Bay Area's resident pilot Lt. Jessica Burch got a treat during Fleet Week, taking to the skies with one of the Blue Angels. Oct 13, 2023 VR 360 View: Devastating wildfire compels family to adopt a new lifestyle among the Redwoods A Bay Area man discovered his devastating loss left him with a new opportunity to rethink how he lives -- follow his journey in virtual reality, 360-degree video. Mar 8, 2023 Study: Colorectal cancer patients could skip harsh radiation therapy A groundbreaking medical study involving the UCSF Medical Center has shown some colorectal cancer patients can safely skip radiation treatment and enjoy a potentially higher quality of life. Aug 18, 2023 VR 360 View: The high-stakes world of San Francisco's bar pilots Every day, San Francisco bar pilot Captain Zach Kellerman goes through what might just be the world's most dangerous commute. May 24, 2023 More KPIX Special Reports LGBTQ+ More LGBTQ+ Man found guilty in first federal gender-based hate crime trial Jurors convicted Daqua Lameek Ritter of a hate crime for the murder of a woman referred to as "Dime Doe." Feb 24 Lawmakers want oversight of Pentagon's "don't ask, don't tell" discharge review The Defense Department announced last year it would begin "proactively" reviewing the discharges of LGBTQ+ veterans who were kicked out of the military. Jan 26 LGBTQ vets now eligible for honorable discharge originally denied them The Pentagon launched discharge reviews for LGBTQ+ military veterans after a yearlong CBS News investigation. Dec 19, 2023 Biden marks Trans Day of Remembrance: "No place for hate in America" President Biden honored transgender Americans on Trans Day of Remembrance, which falls on Nov. 20 and serves to pay tribute to trans people who have lost their lives to violence. Nov 20, 2023 Laphonza Butler, Newsom's Feinstein replacement, to make LGBT history Laphonza Butler will be the first Black lesbian to serve in Congress and the first openly LGBT senator from California. Oct 1, 2023 More in LGBTQ+ Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries Photos: Soul band the Black Pumas headline sold-out show at Fox Theater Austin-bred band the Black Pumas brought their mix of soul, jazz funk and simmering R&B to the Fox Theatre in Oakland for a packed, sold-out show on Feb. 8. Feb 2 35 photos Photos: Supercross riders race through mud at Oracle Park Riders faced heavy rain and sloppy track conditions at Oracle Park in San Francisco for the Monster Energy AMA Supercross event on Jan. 13. Jan 15 28 photos Photos: Depeche Mode delivers decades of hits at Chase Center Iconic electronic pop band Depeche Mode brought their "Memento Mori Tour" to Chase Center Sunday night, playing hits from the last four-plus decades to a full house. Dec 4, 2023 33 photos Photos: Demonstration demanding cease-fire in Gaza shuts down Bay Bridge Over 100 protesters calling for a cease-fire in the Israel-Hamas conflict shut down the westbound Bay Bridge at the height of the morning commute Thursday. Nov 16, 2023 8 photos Photos: Rock legends Queen + Adam Lambert play classics at Chase Center Founding members of Queen Brian May and Roger Taylor brought "The Rhapsody Tour" with singer Adam Lambert to the Chase Center in San Francisco for the first of two nights Wednesday. Nov 9, 2023 21 photos More in Latest Galleries Jefferson Awards More Jefferson Awards Miracle Messages nonprofit continues to change the lives of former unhoused persons His nonprofit launched one of the largest privately-funded programs giving unhoused people a basic income in the Bay Area. Kevin Adler's 2018 Jefferson Award winner's groundbreaking program is making a difference. Feb 28 Marin City woman teaching students about community's Black history Marin County students are learning new details about a little-known period of Black history thanks to a Marin City woman. Feb 21 Bay Area woman's outreach program helps kids feel good about themselves Children who have felt isolated are now experiencing a sense of belonging, thanks to a program started by a Marin County woman. Jan 24 Half Moon Bay woman helps farmers recover from mass shooting trauma Nearly a year after the mass shooting at two mushroom farms in Half Moon Bay, a woman and her nonprofit have been a pillar of support for the farmworker community. Jan 17 San Francisco's "Godfather of Roller Skating" reflects on local icon status This week's Jefferson Award winner has been dubbed the "Godfather of Roller Skating" in San Francisco, spending more than four decades promoting the sport. Jan 10 Learn More about the Jefferson Awards Students Rising Above More Students Rising Above Hard-working student shoulders a load working while attending Ivy League college Some students who are the first in their families to go to college face the challenge of balancing a rigorous academic load while still working to help support their family back home. Jan 12 College student gives back to program that changed his life A onetime pupil has now become a student advisor, giving back after years of mentorship led him to success. Dec 1, 2023 San Rafael student sees the world, but remembers his roots Police departments all over the country are having a hard time finding new officers, but one Bay Area student is criss-crossing the world while preparing for a career in law enforcement here at home. Nov 3, 2023 Santa Rosa college graduate multi-tasking her way to a master's degree, law school When most people graduate from college, they tend to focus on one job. But this month's Students Rising Above scholar is currently juggling multiple workplace assignments. Oct 5, 2023 Inseparable San Francisco students overcome hardships together Itohan Ediae and Qien Feng are getting ready to leave for their first year of college and they are taking a lot with them: excitement, nerves, and memories from what has become an extraordinary friendship. Sep 1, 2023 See More Students Rising Above ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information Contact KPIX News Sports Weather Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KPIX-TV / CBS5 Public File for KPYX / KPIX+ Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On