Help Center | Mailchimp Skip to main content Hey there! Free trials are available for Standard and Essentials plans. Start for free today. Solutions and Services Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place INTEGRATE YOUR APPS See 300+ integrations Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Resources Resources See all resources Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search Start Free Trial This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Log In Start Free Trial Hi, %s Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Solutions and Services Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place See what’s new For your industry Back Close Main Menu For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrate your apps Back Close Main Menu Integrate your apps Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce See 300+ integrations Resources Back Close Main Menu Resources Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email See all resources Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Start Free Trial Log In Log In Start Free Trial Know More, Do More with Mailchimp Get the most out of Mailchimp with our step-by-step videos and tutorials. Browse by topic or search by feature for 24/7 help with any stage of your business journey. Search Help Center Popular guides and tutorials Know to Grow: Feature guide for smart marketing Learn how to use our advanced marketing features to understand your customers, create compelling content, and grow your business. Getting Started with Tags Tags are labels you create to help organize your contacts in Mailchimp. Learn how to use tags, where to find them, and how to get started. Requirements and Best Practices for Audiences An audience of engaged contacts means more sales and a higher return on investment (ROI). Get tips and requirements for maintaining your Mailchimp audience. Import Contacts to Mailchimp Learn how to use our import tool to add or update contacts in Mailchimp. About Mailchimp Pricing Plans Whether you're starting out or already have a large number of contacts, we have a pricing option for you. Learn about Mailchimp's pricing plans, features, and add-ons. About SMS Marketing with Mailchimp Learn about the details of SMS Marketing with Mailchimp. Quick start video tutorials How to Create a New Audience for Smarter Growth ▶ 3:10 How to Organize Add, Remove, and Bulk Tag Contacts in 3 Simple Ways ▶ 4:37 Create a Successful Email Campaign: A Step-by-Step Guide ▶ 5:13 See more Contact our support team Have more questions? Paid users can log in and email or chat with us. Sign Up Free Log in Help by topic Accounts Set up your account, learn about billing, and stay up-to-date on compliance policies. Audiences Import contacts, create signup forms, and manage your Mailchimp audiences. Automation Automatically send purchase emails, welcome messages, and more. Data Privacy Find answers to commonly asked questions related to Mailchimp's privacy practices. Edit and Design Customize the content of your emails, landing pages, website, and other types of marketing in Mailchimp. Email Delivery Learn how we deliver email and how you can ensure contacts get your campaigns. Emails Use Mailchimp to build and send emails for your contacts. Getting Started Learn how to set up your account, import contacts, and create your first campaign. Google Remarketing Ads Reach potential customers all across the internet with Google remarketing ads. Integrations Connect Mailchimp with your e-commerce store and other apps. Landing Pages Create standalone web pages your audience can “land” on from emails, ads, or other digital locations. Mailchimp & Co Learn how to use the tools that help you manage your clients and the benefits of joining our partner program. Merge Tags Personalize your campaigns with contact names, social media buttons, blog posts, and more. Mobile Apps Learn how to use Mailchimp on tablets, smartphones, and other mobile devices. Postcards Send a printed postcard campaign that people can hold in their hands or stick on the fridge. Reports Get performance stats for your marketing efforts and e-commerce store. Templates Use a prebuilt design or code your own templates for email campaigns. Transactional Email Send one-to-one e-commerce emails and automated transactional emails with Transactional Email’s delivery service. Websites Purchase a domain and create your own website with Mailchimp. Get help from an expert Need a hand with template design, using Mailchimp's advanced features, or general marketing strategy? Use our experts directory to find someone who can help you make things happen. Browse the directory Still have questions? If you have a question about something that isn't covered here, check out our additional resources. And if that doesn't do the trick, you can send an inquiry through our contact form. Contact us Related Links: Getting Started with Mailchimp How to Use Mailchimp Discover the people behind your data Products Why Mailchimp? Product Updates Email Marketing Websites Transactional Email How We Compare GDPR Compliance Security Status Mobile App Resources Marketing Library Free Marketing Tools Marketing Glossary Integrations Directory Community Agencies & Freelancers Developers Events Company Our Story Newsroom Give Where You Live Careers Accessibility Help Contact Us Hire an Expert Help Center Talk to Sales Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Check it out This page is now available in other languages. English Español Français Português Deutsch Italiano ©2001-2024 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences