MIT Sloan Skip to main content MIT Sloan logo academics Ideas Made to Matter Diversity Events Alumni Faculty About Executive Education academics contact facebook instagram linkedin twitter youtube contact Search Show Main Navigation Smart. Open. Grounded. Inventive. Read our Ideas Made to Matter. Smart. Open. Grounded. Inventive. Read our Ideas Made to Matter. close search Back to Menu Which program is right for you? MBA Through intellectual rigor and experiential learning, this full-time, two-year MBA program develops leaders who make a difference in the world. Master of Finance A rigorous, hands-on program that prepares adaptive problem solvers for premier finance careers. Master of Business Analytics A 12-month program focused on applying the tools of modern data science, optimization and machine learning to solve real-world business problems. Leaders for Global Operations Earn your MBA and SM in engineering with this transformative two-year program. Master of Science in Management Studies Combine an international MBA with a deep dive into management science. A special opportunity for partner and affiliate schools only. PhD A doctoral program that produces outstanding scholars who are leading in their fields of research. Undergraduate Bring a business perspective to your technical and quantitative expertise with a bachelor’s degree in management, business analytics, or finance. System Design & Management A joint program for mid-career professionals that integrates engineering and systems thinking. Earn your master’s degree in engineering and management. Integrated Design & Management An interdisciplinary program that combines engineering, management, and design, leading to a master’s degree in engineering and management. Executive Programs MIT Sloan Fellows MBA A full-time MBA program for mid-career leaders eager to dedicate one year of discovery for a lifetime of impact. MIT Executive MBA This 20-month MBA program equips experienced executives to enhance their impact on their organizations and the world. Executive Education Non-degree programs for senior executives and high-potential managers. Visiting Fellows A non-degree, customizable program for mid-career professionals. View Upcoming Program Events Ideas Made to Matter Why impact investors are embracing systems change Ideas Made to Matter Ideas Made to Matter How dynamic work design can prevent overload Ideas Made to Matter The savings of corporate giants Ideas Made to Matter How to add generative AI to your technology strategy Featured Events Feb 29 to Apr 08 Sisters in Making: Prototyping and the Feminine Resilience Cambridge, MA Mar 06 The Stratton Lecture: How will AI impact women? Cambridge, MA Mar 07 Live Info Session: Women's Leadership Program at MIT Online Event Mar 27 Women in the MIT Executive MBA Online Event See All Events What's your climate question? Explore options with MIT Sloan simulations. Let’s build a smarter future. Predict your impact. See our community in action. Teaching Resources Library Fishbanks: A Renewable Resource Management Simulation Teaching Resources Library The Climate Action Simulation: A Climate and Energy Policy Negotiation Game Teaching Resources Library CleanStart: Simulating a Clean Energy Startup Teaching Resources Library The World Climate Simulation: Negotiating a Climate Change Agreement Teaching Resources Library Sustainability Case Studies Video World Climate - Preview / Event 2023 MIT Sustainability Summit: De-mystifying Carbon Markets MIT Sloan Sustainability Initiative Students Taking Action MIT Sloan Sustainability Initiative Our Impact / Hire talent that transforms What if your business could see more of the future? Since 1914, MIT Sloan has been preparing leaders with a practical education in management for tomorrow. Finding new answers to complex problems is what our students and alumni do. Our graduates are the leaders you've been looking for. Meet talent that transforms The Mission The mission of the MIT Sloan School of Management is to develop principled, innovative leaders who improve the world and to generate ideas that advance management practice. Find Us MIT Sloan School of Management 100 Main Street Cambridge, MA 02142 617-253-1000 Links Press Careers Accessibility Licensing Privacy ©2024 MIT Sloan School of Management