PositivePsychology.com - Helping You Help Others Home Blog Store Team About CCE Reviews Contact Login Learn and master the skills you need to Become a Positive Psychology Professional If you’re a therapist, psychologist, counselor, coach, teacher, or practitioner, join our community today using the button below. Welcome. Get started View our courses Download 3 Free Positive Psychology Tools Pack (PDF) By filling out your name and email address below. Name Email Address(Required) Your Expertise(Required)Your expertiseTherapyCoachingEducationCounselingBusinessHealthcareOtherPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. USED AND LOVED BY What do you want to learn today? Search for: Search Popular searches: self love cbt resilience send unlock email Blog articles The best guides in the field, each rooted in science View articles Positive Workplace Neurodiversity in the Workplace: A Strengths-Based Approach 4 Mar 2024 0 Promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) in the workplace is a priority for ethical employers who want to optimize productivity and leverage the full potential [...] Relationships Setting Boundaries: Quotes & Books for Healthy Relationships 1 Mar 2024 0 28 Feb 2024 Rather than being a “hot topic,” setting boundaries is more of a “boomerang topic” in that we keep coming back to it. This is partly [...] Positive Leadership Change Management: The Art of Positive Change 28 Feb 2024 0 While change is a given for all modern organizations, it often fails due to its complexity and the resistance it faces (Dhiman & Marques, 2020). [...] Body & Brain Mental Health in Teens: 10 Risk & Protective Factors 26 Feb 2024 0 31.9% of adolescents have anxiety-related disorders (ADAA, n.d.). According to Solmi et al. (2022), the age at which mental health disorders most commonly begin to [...] Authors Meet our PhD’s who are translating the science for you Hugo Alberts, PhD., Psychologist View profile Laura Wells, DClinPsy View profile Saima Latif, Ph.D. View profile Jo Nash, Ph.D. View profile Jeremy Sutton, Ph.D. View profile Anna Katharina Schaffner, Ph.D. View profile Grow with us We help 16,000 professionals like you make progress toward new levels of success CASE STUDY LIBRARY Debra Heslin: A Transformative Corporate Coaching Toolkit For The Real World 18 Aug 2023 “These products and resources have helped both personally and professionally. I go through them frequently and often do a ‘tip of the day’ from a [...] Allison Cowan: Building Trust and Driving Impact as a Life Coach 18 Aug 2023 “There is so much offered that it's a continuous learning experience—and it will help you, both you and your clients. There are always new ideas, [...] Adam Schilling: Using Positive Psychology to Help Others Overcome Addiction 17 Aug 2023 “I started to see people who weren't just wanting to move away from addiction, but also to work more on the voice in their head [...] Masterclasses Learn effective strategies to enhance well-being ALL MASTERCLASSES Emotional Intelligence The Emotional Intelligence Masterclass© is a complete, 6-module emotional intelligence training template for helping professionals. Besides the masterclass for you, the practitioner, it also includes all the materials you need to deliver high-quality EQ training sessions that are science-based. Realizing Resilience Help others become more resilient with this complete, 6-module resilience training template for practitioners. Besides the masterclass for you, it also includes all the materials you need to deliver high-quality resilience training sessions that are science-based. Motivation & Goal Achievement The Motivation & Goal Achievement Masterclass© is a comprehensive six-module coaching package. With this masterclass, you will be able to help your clients achieve meaningful success through the science of motivation and goal setting. Tools Essential tools for applying positive psychology ALL TOOLS 17 Positive CBT & Cognitive Therapy Exercises Positive CBT broadens the focus of traditional CBT to include themes such as optimism, strengths, positive emotions, meaning, and life goals. Help your clients find new pathways to reduce pain and suffering, resolve concerns and conflicts, and more effectively cope with life stressors. 17 Positive Psychology Exercises Positive psychology is the study of what is going right with people and how to use those insights and tools to help people not only cope, but thrive. We created this signature collection of 17 Positive Psychology Exercises (PDF) for professionals to leverage the best science-based tools the field has to offer to increase the wellbeing of others. 17 Strength-Finding Exercises One of the key contributions of positive psychology is that it encourages individuals to reflect on, consider, and identify their core strengths to utilize them to lead a flourishing life.We created this collection of 17 Strength Finding Exercises (PDF) for professionals to help others better understand and harness their strengths in life-enhancing ways. Quick Links Store Blog About Contact Our Community Practitioner Case Studies Reviews & Testimonials Continuing Education Opportunities Positive Psychology for Organizations Become an Affiliate Team Company details Chamber of Commerce (KvK) Registration Number: 64733564 Taxation (VAT) Number: NL855806813B01 Contact PositivePsychology.com Gandhiplein 16 6229 HN Maastricht The Netherlands info@positivepsychology.com Sign up and download tools Join 550,000+ helping professionals who get free, science-based tools sent directly to their inbox. Plus, be the first to receive exclusive content & discounts. Name Email Address(Required) Your Expertise(Required)Your expertiseTherapyCoachingEducationCounselingBusinessHealthcareOtherNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. © 2024 PositivePsychology.com B.V. Built with love in the Netherlands Disclaimer Terms and Conditions Refund Policy Privacy Policy