Evidence-based health answers you can trust. - Chris Kresser A streamlined stack of supplements designed to meet your most critical needs - Adapt Naturals is now live. Learn more Adapt Naturals Podcast Reverse Chronic Illness eBooks & Resources About Chris Kresser Practitioners Get Personalized Care Directory Contact Search for: search Search Student Login Chris Kresser Adapt Naturals Podcast Reverse Chronic Illness eBooks & Resources About Chris Kresser search Search for: search Search Menu Adapt Naturals Podcast Reverse Chronic Illness eBooks & Resources About Chris Kresser Search for: search Search Subscribe Get my free newsletter for practical tips on how to feel and perform your best Join 280,000 happy subscribers for tips on optimizing your health and longevity, including 13 free eBooks, 10 special reports, recipes, research, books, products, and more! First Name Email Δ I hate spam, too. Your email is safe with me. By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. Evidence-based health answers you can trust. Reclaim your health and change your life. Download my entire eBook library—free. First Name(Required) Email(Required) Select your eBook(Required)Gut HealthThyroid DisordersShould You Go Gluten Free?Effortless Paleo Weight LossThe Diet-Heart MythFood AdditivesNutrition for Healthy SkinHeartburn & GERDThe Low Down on Low CarbPaleo Diet Challenges & SolutionsThe Truth About Red MeatAll About SweetenersB12 Deficiency Δ Should you take a multivitamin? A multivitamin should contain food-based, naturally occurring, or bioidentical ingredients—so it can build upon the nutrition we get from a whole-foods diet. Last updated on August 9, 2022 Edible mushrooms: an ancient remedy rediscovered by modern science Edible mushrooms have become a hot topic, with claims that they can do everything from boosting our defense against viruses... Last updated on August 10, 2022 Magnesium: An essential nutrient that most people don’t get enough of Magnesium is an essential mineral for human health and optimal function. It plays an important role in bone and cell membranes, it’s involved in over 700 enzymatic reactions, and it’s required to synthesize DNA, RNA,... Published on August 9, 2022 Recent Articles View all articles RHR: Healing Yourself from Within, with Conscious Oncologist Dr. Katie Deming In this episode of Revolution Health Radio, Chris talks with renowned oncologist Dr. Katie Deming about taking an integrative approach to cancer treatment. They discuss holistic methods of healing, the mind-body connection, environmental impacts on health, and the transformative power of integrative oncology, as well as talking to and supporting patients through cancer diagnoses, the revelatory work of integrative doctors and researchers, including Veda Austin’s work on water research, and the power of the mind in fighting off disease and illness. Last updated on February 20, 2024 Beta-glucan: A “Jack of All Trades” for Immune Health Beta-glucans are a type of soluble fiber found in the cell walls of yeast, mushrooms, oats, and barley that have... Last updated on December 21, 2023 RHR: Why Eating a Plants-Only Diet Won’t Improve Your Health or Save the Planet, with Jayne Buxton Jayne Buxton, author of The Great Plant-Based Con, joins Chris on this episode of Revolution Health Radio to discuss how ethical, regenerative farming and an omnivorous diet comprised of whole foods benefits both human and... Last updated on December 14, 2023 The Gut and Immune Health Benefits of Lactoferrin The article discusses the crucial link between the gut and immune system, known as the gut-immune axis, emphasizing its importance for overall health and immune function. An imbalance in gut microbiota can lead to immune... Last updated on December 14, 2023 About About Chris Clinic Advisory Board Media Contact Chronic Illness Gut Microbiome Heartburn and GERD Thyroid Diabesity Heart Disease Autoimmunity Nutrient Balance Functional Medicine The Functional Medicine Approach Ancestral Health Become a Functional Medicine Practitioner Health Solutions Library eBooks Books Courses Articles Podcast Health Coach What Is Health Coaching Health Coaching Strategies Become a Health Coach Stories Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn RSS Chris Kresser © 2024 Chris Kresser. All rights reserved. Chris Kresser LLC, a Nevada LLC | 1810 E. Sahara Ave, Suite 402 Las Vegas, NV 89104 USA | 702.850.2599 Privacy Policy Terms of Service