Maynooth University COVID-19 Information Search About Us Study at Maynooth Campus Life Departments Library Maynooth Access Programme Gaeilge san Ollscoil A-Z Directory People Finder Contact Location Vacancies For Current Students For Staff For Alumni For Visitors Support Maynooth Protected Disclosures About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact For Staff For Alumni For Current Students Maynooth at 20 Search Research Research World-class research based on a distinctive, interdisciplinary approach to the natural sciences, social sciences, engineering and technology, and the arts and humanities. Learn More Research Home Research and Innovation at Maynooth University Research Institutes and Centres Spotlight on Research Research News & Events Graduate Research Academy Research Themes Research Development Office MaynoothWorks Researcher Directory Undergraduate Undergraduate Studies Thousands of first year students join us each September to begin a level 8 degree. Join us in 2024. Learn More Level 8 Degrees Open Days | Events Ask Us Guidance Counsellors Visit Maynooth University How to Apply | CAO A Maynooth Education Prospectus & Booklets Scholarships Certificates and Short Courses Postgraduate Postgraduate Studies Postgraduate studies at Maynooth University is renowned for its rigorous programmes, supportive campus environment and welcoming academic community. Learn more Taught Master's, Diplomas and Certificates Research Programmes Graduate Research Academy Micro-credentials Springboard Courses Fees, Funding & Scholarships How to Apply for a Postgraduate Programme International International The MU International Office is the first point of contact for international students applying for full-degree, Erasmus, Study Abroad, and Summer School programmes, and supports MU students who wish to study abroad. Learn More The Maynooth Student Experience Exchange Incoming (ERASMUS and Study Abroad) Study Abroad Incoming Summer and Tailored Programmes Prospective Full Degree Students Go Abroad with Maynooth Pre-Arrival & Orientation Search form Search Close Join us for our Hybrid Postgraduate Open Day - 5th March 2024 Read More ICARUS research finds climate change drove Midleton flooding Read More RTÉ series ‘My Uni Life’ captures MU student life Read More MU partners in study that finds evidence of elusive neutron star Read More Find a Course Research Research Spotlight View all Research Referendum highlights the political importance of caring The debate around the upcoming referendum raises issues around the foundational values that guide society and policy, writes Dr Pauline Cullen of the Department of Sociology Referendum highlights the political importance of caring MU partners in study that finds evidence of elusive neutron star A new study, published in Science and co-authored by Dr Patrick Kavanagh of the Department of Experimental Physics, has provided the first conclusive evidence for the presence of the elusive neutron star produced in the Supernova SN 1987A MU partners in study that finds evidence of elusive neutron star Is active transport a postcode lottery for teenagers? Research has found disparities between areas are not due to population size but are more to do with differences in educational provision, writes Associate Professor J. M. Mancini of the Department of History Is active transport a postcode lottery for teenagers? What historical records tell us about changing climate in Ireland Long-term maximum and minimum air temperature series in Ireland show significant increasing trends, writes Dr Carla Mateus of the Department of Geography and ICARUS What historical records tell us about changing climate in Ireland Latest Publications Irish Ocean Climate and Ecosystem Status Report 2023. Chapter 8. Land Ocean Aquatic Continuum. de Eyto, E and Murphy, Conor and Broderick, C and Penk, M. R and Poole, R and Kelly, S and McGrath, T and Wilkes, R and Doyle,... Irish Ocean Climate and Ecosystem Status Report 2023. Chapter 8. Land Ocean Aquatic Continuum. Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023. Volume 3: Being prepared for Ireland's Future... Murphy, Conor and Nolan, Paul and Quinn, Tara and Heaphy, Liam (2024) Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023. Volume 3:... Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023. Volume 3: Being prepared for Ireland's Future... Carnivals of Reaction?: Irish Modernist Novelists and the Free State Counter-Revolution. Dowling, Conor (2020) Carnivals of Reaction?: Irish Modernist Novelists and the Free State Counter-Revolution. PhD thesis,... Carnivals of Reaction?: Irish Modernist Novelists and the Free State Counter-Revolution. Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023. Volume 1: Climate Science-Ireland in a changing World.... Noone, Clare and McClean, Deirdre and Gallagher, Danielle and Thorne, Peter (2024) Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023.... Ireland’s Climate Change Assessment 2023. Volume 1: Climate Science-Ireland in a changing World.... Climate change made the extreme 2-day rainfall event associated with flooding in Midleton, Ireland... Clarke, B and Thorne, Peter and Ryan, Ciara and Zachariah, Mariam and Murphy, Conor and McCarthy, Gerard and O'Connor,... Climate change made the extreme 2-day rainfall event associated with flooding in Midleton, Ireland... 1 2 3 4 5 Latest News View all News Thursday, 29 February 2024 ICARUS research finds climate change drove Midleton flooding Wednesday, 28 February 2024 MU launches 2GoCup deposit and return scheme Wednesday, 14 February 2024 MU researchers win EPA funding for environmental projects Upcoming Events View all Events Sunday, 12 February 2023 to Thursday, 02 May 2024 Campus Tours Thursday, 29 February 2024 to Friday, 29 March 2024 The AX1 Sessions: A Masterclass Series in Good Design & its transferability into the Higher Education Classroom Monday, 04 March 2024 to Thursday, 09 May 2024 The Publicness of Education: The Past, Present and Future of an Educational Ideal Tuesday, 05 March 2024 Postgraduate Open Day: MSc in Robotics and Embedded AI at MU. Upcoming Events Maynooth University in 2023 ranked #1 in Ireland in the Times Higher Education (THE) Best Young University Rankings Read More Did you know? Alumni View all Alumni Brid O'Connor Bachelor of Science 1985 Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Radiation Oncologist Tim Keenan BA (International - Geography Single Honours) 2019 KPMG Sustainable Futures Sustainability & ESG Analyst Brendan O'Reilly BA (Geography) 2008 Jaguar Land Rover Senior Transport Planner Location The perfect location that's easily accessible By Car By Train By Bus By Plane Research Study at Maynooth Campus Life A short history of Russia's long standing paranoia about the West IVI Research Latest News Love Across Borders People PhD Students PhD and Research Programmes Science Week: How Covid lateral flow tests work Small Firm Digitization Survey (Ireland and UK) Taught Programmes Teaching_and_Covid-19 Upcoming Events Chronologicon Hibernicum MedRen 2018 Ollscoil Mhá NuadMaigh NuadCo. Chill DaraÉire Maynooth UniversityMaynooth,Co. Kildare,Ireland. About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact For Staff For Alumni For Current Students Maynooth at 20 Library Vacancies Gaeilge san Ollscoil Sitemap Protected Disclosures University Policies Accessibility Privacy and Cookies For Current Students For Staff For Alumni For Visitors Support Maynooth Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Maynooth University & Maynooth University logo are registered trademarks of the National University of Ireland, Maynooth. Back to top