The American Spectator | USA News and PoliticsThe American Spectator | USA News and Politics The American Spectator | USA News and Politics Search Subscribe Login Logout Edit Account Menu About Authors Contact Submissions Foundation Magazine Blog Donate About Authors Contact Submissions Foundation Magazine Blog Donate Hot Off The Press Trump’s Reelection Effort Is Becoming the Hero’s Journey by Scott McKay Dr. Phil Is Based Now? by Kurt Mahlburg Catching Up on 10 Infuriating Things in the Past Month’s News by Dov Fischer Nikki Haley Wins the DC Swamp Primary by Jeffrey Lord History Isn’t All Black and White. Just Look at Israel. by Steven Watts See the latest Hither and Yon Trump’s Reelection Effort Is Becoming the Hero’s Journey by Scott McKay Past Is Prologue History Isn’t All Black and White. Just Look at Israel. by Steven Watts Daily Folios and Consecutive Sentences Catching Up on 10 Infuriating Things in the Past Month’s News by Dov Fischer At Large India’s Ontological Question: Regional or Global by Frank Schell Campaign Crawlers Nikki Haley Wins the DC Swamp Primary by Jeffrey Lord Featured Cultural Decline Amazon Will Never Forsake You: Spiritual Lessons of the Pandemic by Christine E. Black Hollywoke Dr. Phil Is Based Now? by Kurt Mahlburg The Spectator P.M. Podcast The Spectator P.M. Podcast Ep. 27: Spiritual Guru Rejoins Presidential Race by Aubrey Gulick and Ellie Gardey The Right Prescription Why GA Judge Won’t Disqualify Fani Willis by David Catron Editor's Picks The Blinken Follies by Max Dublin House Republican Incompetence Boosts Biden and Democrats by Keith Naughton The Star Trek Election, Part II: Biden’s Brain by Lou Aguilar An ‘October Surprise’ From ‘New’ Ukraine Is Possible by Samir Tata The Coming Ramadan War by Jed Babbin Keep an Eye on the Baltic by James H. McGee Most Popular 1 Deep State Engoron Goes Medieval on Trump by Anthony Tye Rodrigues Unless the people I’m talking to are lawyers or professional historians, I’ve discovered that mentioning the words “bill of attainder” receives, at best, blank looks and, at worst, an irritated request for more information, typically of the form “what the…Read More 2 Video McKay to Tucker: It’s Obama’s World by The Editors The American Spectator’s Scott McKay appeared on the latest episode of Tucker Carlson’s “Tucker Carlson Uncensored” for a lively discussion of former President Barack Obama’s latest division-sowing antics. “What’s Barack Obama up to these days? Working to make people hate…Read More 3 Hither and Yon Goodbye and Good Riddance, Morphine Mitch by Scott McKay I have been waiting for a very long time to write this column, and yet I can’t quite summon up the joy and relief I thought I’d get out of it. We’re speaking, of course, about the long-awaited denouement of…Read More 4 The Right Prescription Why GA Judge Won’t Disqualify Fani Willis by David Catron Any rational person familiar with the behavior of Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis during the prosecutorial misconduct hearings that finally ended last Friday has probably concluded that her conduct has created the “appearance of impropriety.” This, according to defense…Read More 5 Flynn Files Shane Gillis Made SNL About Funny — And Progressives Hate Him for It by Daniel J. Flynn The Hollywood Reporter dispatched its senior editor of diversity and inclusion — you ever wonder why so many publications fail? — to review Shane Gillis on Saturday Night Live as “meh.” The Daily Beast and NPR declared that Gillis “bombed.”…Read More Editor's Picks The Blinken Follies by Max Dublin House Republican Incompetence Boosts Biden and Democrats by Keith Naughton The Star Trek Election, Part II: Biden’s Brain by Lou Aguilar An ‘October Surprise’ From ‘New’ Ukraine Is Possible by Samir Tata The Coming Ramadan War by Jed Babbin Keep an Eye on the Baltic by James H. McGee Get the Latest Sign up to our newsletter and make sure you always know what is going on. We’ll keep you informed of the latest in politics, culture, and general news. First Name* Last Name* Email* Favorite Author CAPTCHA Drawn To Humor PREV NEXT Sign up to receive our latest updates! Register Daily Folios and Consecutive Sentences What Transplant Recipients Don’t Tell You by Dov Fischer Featured Authors Sunday Report Why Are the Evangelicals Eating the Church’s Lunch in Côte d’Ivoire? At Large Côte d’Ivoire: At Once Maddening and Charming George Neumayr Follow Their Stories: View More Sunday Report The Curious Story of Ivory Coast’s Notre Dame Basilica, Africa’s Largest Catholic Church Crime Time I Got Robbed on Africa’s Ivory Coast The Right Prescription Biden’s Cognitive Decline Continues Apace The Right Prescription Non-Citizens Have Been Voting Since 2008 David Catron Follow Their Stories: View More The Right Prescription Biden’s Sound and Fury The Right Prescription Trump’s Swing State Challenge Political Hay Tracie Porter, the Anti-Democracy Illinois Judge, Has No Shame Campaign Crawlers Nikki Haley Fades to Irrelevance Jeffrey Lord Follow Their Stories: View More Political Hay ‘Anti-CPAC’ Never Trumpers Look Foolish as CPAC Meets and Thrives Deep State Truckers Target Trump-Hating New York Judge The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 79: New Tech Is Woke. Just Look at Gemini. King of the Jungle An Attack of Snakes: King of the Jungle, Episode 5 Scott McKay Follow Their Stories: View More The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 78: It Really Is All Obama Hither and Yon Don’t Call Them Unassimilated The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 77: Fani Willis’ Reign Is Coming to an Ignominious End The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 76: Who Is Worse?: A Case of Biden v. Putin Melissa Mackenzie Follow Their Stories: View More The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 75: Kristen Stewart Is Why We Need Conservatives in Entertainment The Spectacle The Spectacle Ep. 74: Trump, Truckers, and Tyranny: It’s Time to Escape New York Russia Watch Putin’s Latest Deadly Antics: What to Watch A Further Perspective Eldridge Cleaver: Black Conservative Paul Kengor Follow Their Stories: View More Russia Watch Russian Dissident Alexei Navalny Dies in Brutal Arctic Gulag Commie Watch The Last Hero of the Cold War … Lech Walesa Survives PREV NEXT Politics India’s Ontological Question: Regional or Global by Frank Schell An ‘October Surprise’ From ‘New’ Ukraine Is Possible by Samir Tata Nixon, Not Kissinger, Was the Architect of ‘Detente’ by Francis P. Sempa The Blinken Follies by Max Dublin More Politics Americana Amazon Will Never Forsake You: Spiritual Lessons of the Pandemic by Christine E. Black The Star Trek Election, Part II: Biden’s Brain by Lou Aguilar Humanity’s Greatest Agent of Peace: In Defense of the Insult by Itxu Díaz ‘Road Diets’ Will Give Los Angeles Drivers Indigestion by Tom Raabe More Americana Blog The Old Man and the Sea: An Allegory or No? by Aubrey Gulick Fani Willis and Nathan Wade Had a Disastrous Day in Court by Ellie Gardey Mary Poppins Is Canceled? by Elyse Apel Trump Calls Himself a ‘Political Dissident.’ Here’s What That Means. by The Editors More Blog Sign up to receive our latest updates! Register About Authors Contact Submissions Foundation Terms of Service Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Email (required) *First Name Last Name Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact