West Virginia University Skip to main content West Virginia University A-Z Index Calendar Directory Portal Shop Search Would you like to search all WVU websites, or just this site specifically? Search WVU Search this site Open Menu Academics Undergraduate Majors Listing Undergraduate Minors Listing Online Programs Listing Graduate Programs Listing All Programs Listing Careers Colleges and Schools Admissions and Aid Life at WVU Info For Attending WVU Parents and Families Visitors Current Students Faculty and Staff Employers and Business Leaders Policymakers Alumni Donors Media Research and Innovation Community Inclusive Campus Initiatives Programs and Certificates Inclusive Campus Resources International About WVU Mission Vision WVU Facts WVU System Rankings Achievements Find Adventure At WVU, outdoor fun is always nearby. Adventure WV will help you take full advantage of all wild and wonderful West Virginia has to offer. Start with a first-year trip — then keep going with guided day and weekend excursions and semester break trips. See where you can go with Adventure WV! Explore Adventure WV Apply as an undergraduate | Apply to grad school Background Image: Apply to WVU Check App Status Majors and Academics Scholarship Info Visit WVU Enroll at WVU Let us be your guide We're here to help every step of the way. International Students Are you from outside the U.S.? We have resources especially for you. Learn about our location and programs, find answers to common questions and connect with your counselor. International Student Resources Admitted Students Already admitted? Find your next steps to enroll at WVU and how to contact us if you have questions. Visit the Admitted Student Resources website Families Is your student admitted to WVU? Learn about next steps and how to connect with other families. Visit the Family Resources website Graduate School Explore our graduate and professional programs, estimate costs, review application procedures and apply. Graduate Admissions Quicklinks Apply for Housing Apply to WVU Billing / Pay Tuition WVU Bookstore Calendar (Academic) Calendar Campus Tours Course Schedule Courses Dining Menus Directory eCampus Get Your Refund Graduate Programs Information Technology Services Libraries Majors: WVU Morgantown Mental Health Resources Mountie Bounty Deposits MyAccess Office 365 Login Explore Residence Halls Shop for WVU Gear Talent and Culture Title IX Transcripts WVU Careers WVU Portal WVU Sports WVUToday The WVU Experience “ The sense of community here has been something that I haven’t seen at any other schools that I looked at. Everybody is from such different walks of life, but when we’re all here, we’re all working towards the same things. We all want what’s best for each other and that feeling of belonging. Riley McIlmoyleSports and adventure media student from Rochester, NY Also See: BSJ in Sports and Adventure Media Events Full Calendar Mar 05 8:30 AM Mountaineer Mascot Blood Drive Mar 06 7:00 PM West Virginia University Men's Basketball vs TCU - Senior Day Mar 08 9:00 PM West Virginia University Women's Basketball vs Big 12 Championship Mar 09 All Day Spring Recess Mar 09 All Day West Virginia University Women's Basketball vs Big 12 Championship News WVU Today | Subscribe via RSS Nicholas County native named 70th WVU Mountaineer mascot Mar 2nd 2024 WVU team wins second consecutive international mine rescue competition Feb 26th 2024 WVU works to address food insecurity among students with expansion of ‘essential’ pantry services Feb 26th 2024 Browse by Colleges and Schools | Go in-depth with WVU Magazine West Virginia University PO Box 6201 Morgantown, WV 26506 304-293-0111 web_services@mail.wvu.edu Alumni Apply to WVU Board of Governors Campus Map Campus Tours Emergency Information Give to WVU Majors Request Admissions Info Shop for WVU Gear Virtual Tour Visit Us WVU Bookstore WVU Careers WVU Magazine WVU Portal Sitemap WVU System WVU Beckley WVU Keyser WVU Online Accreditations Web Standards Consumer Info Privacy Notice Questions or Comments? © 2024 West Virginia University. WVU is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer — Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. Last updated on March 1, 2024. Follow WVU on: