Citizen Watch Official Site | CITIZEN × Skip to main content Skip to footer content EN USA (EN) Canada (EN) Canada (FR) Mexico (ES) UK (EN) 25% OFF WOMEN'S FOR INT'L WOMEN'S DAY* Details 25% OFF WOMEN'S FOR INT'L WOMEN'S DAY* Details × CELEBRATE INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY: SAVE 25% OFF WOMEN'S WATCHES*Prices as shown; no code needed.*25% off MSRP discount automatically applied, as shown on product pages of applicable models; no code needed. Exclusions: New Arrivals, Limited Editions, Attesa Collection, Eco-Drive One Collection, Series 8 Collection, The Citizen Collection, Disney 100 Boxed Sets, CZ Smart Smartwatches and Accessories, preorder, and products not in stock. Valid on Citizenwatch.com only, now through 3/8/24 11:59pm EST. Not valid at department, specialty, or company-owned stores, where products and promotions may vary/differ. Cannot be combined with other offers or discounts, or applied to previous purchases. We reserve the right to cancel this promotion at any time.Pricing and product assortment on Citizenwatch.com may vary from retail, department, or specialty stores. Shop Now ENJOY 20% OFF SITEWIDE* Details ENJOY 20% OFF SITEWIDE* Details × ENJOY 20% OFF* MEN'S & WOMEN'S WATCHESPrices as shown; no code needed.20% off MSRP is automatically reflected in pricing on the product page.*Limited exclusions; New Arrivals, Limited Editions, Attesa Collection, Eco-Drive One Collection, Series 8 Collection, The Citizen Collection, and Disney 100 Boxed Sets, are not eligible for discounts. CZ Smart excluded, as promotions and discounts differ for CZ Smart Touchscreen and Hybrid Smartwatches.Pricing and product assortment on Citizenwatch.com may vary from retail, department, or specialty stores. JEFF SHELLY PRINT WITH D100 BOXED SET* Details JEFF SHELLY PRINT WITH D100 BOXED SET* Details × FREE DISNEY100 LIMITED EDITION PRINT BY JEFF SHELLY WITH ANY DISNEY100 BOXED SET PURCHASE*While supplies last; no code needed.*Free gift automatically applied to qualifying carts. Retail value $19. One free gift per order, cannot be applied to previous purchases. Offer valid on Citizenwatch.com only through 3/10/24, 11:59PM PDT. Subject to change or cancellation without notice. Not replaceable if lost or stolen.Pricing and product assortment on Citizenwatch.com may vary from retail, department, or specialty stores. COMIC BOOK WITH MARVEL PURCHASE* Details COMIC BOOK WITH MARVEL PURCHASE* Details × FREE CUSTOM MARVEL | CITIZEN SPIDER-MAN / BLACK PANTHER COMIC BOOK WITH ANY MARVEL PURCHASE*While supplies last; no code needed.*Free gift automatically applied to qualifying carts. Retail value $9. One free gift per order, cannot be applied to previous purchases. Offer valid on Citizenwatch.com only through 3/31/24, 11:59PM PDT. Subject to change or cancellation without notice. Not replaceable if lost or stolen.Pricing and product assortment on Citizenwatch.com may vary from retail, department, or specialty stores. Shop Now FREE SIZING; FREE SHIPPING & RETURNS Details FREE SIZING; FREE SHIPPING & RETURNS Details × FREE SHIPPING & RETURNSEnjoy free UPS shipping within the U.S. and free returns. Please allow up to two business days for order processing. Orders over $450 will ship signature required.We stand by the quality and craftsmanship of our products with our 30-day money-back guarantee, and a 5-year limited warranty.COMPLIMENTARY WATCH SIZINGWe are also pleased to offer complimentary watch bracelet sizing services with your Citizenwatch.com purchase; please allow an extra 1-2 business days for order processing, prior to shipping, as sizing occurs on demand by one of our expert technicians. Back Shop Men's Women's New Arrivals Smartwatches Gift Guides Disney Marvel Star Wars Men's View All Collection Promaster Super Titanium Atomic Timekeeping Satellite Wave GPS Blue Angels Corso PCAT "TSUYOSA" Automatics Style Automatic Watches Classic Chronograph Dive Military-Inspired Modern Sport Featured Best Sellers Limited Editions & Exclusives Attesa Eco-Drive One Eco-Drive 365 Series8 The Citizen Price Under $300 $300 - $599 $600 - $999 Over $1000 Our size and fit guide to help identify the best watch for you. Explore Now Women's View All Collection Promaster Arezzo Axiom Bianca Calendrier Corso Stiletto Style Classic Crystal Diamond Modern Boyfriend Bracelets Straps Featured Best Sellers Limited Editions & Exclusives Citizen L Disney Princesses & Villains Gold-Tone Watches Price Under $300 $300 - $599 $600 - $999 Over $1000 Our size and fit guide to help identify the best watch for you. Explore Now New Arrivals null New Arrivals Smartwatches View All CZ Smart Touchscreen CZ Smart Hybrid CZ Smart Hybrid Display Smartwatch The Citizen CZ Smart Hybrid smartwatch with 18-day battery life helps you look and be your absolute best for whatever’s next. Live Smart. Look Smart. CZ Smart Touchscreen Smartwatches CZ Smart Touchscreen Smartwatches featuring IBM Watson® syncs with your body and your style. So you can live smart and look smart. Gift Guides View All Gifts For Him Gifts For Her Luxury Gifts Gifts Under $300 Wedding & Engagement Gifts Graduation Gifts Gifts for Him Gifts for Her Wedding & Engagement Graduation Disney Disney Princesses & Villains Dummy Explore all Disney x Citizen Timepieces Designed to evoke fun and nostalgia, these Disney statement pieces powered by Eco-Drive are crafted with subtle details that reference the most beloved characters and films. Discover new and featured timepieces in honor of Disney's 100th Anniversary Our year-long tribute pays homage to magical moments from legendary Disney stories to bring fans through the Wonder of Time. Marvel null Star Wars null Technology Eco-Drive Watches sustainably powered by light. Learn More Super Titanium™ 5 times harder and 40% lighter than stainless steel. Learn More Atomic Timekeeping A margin of error of just one second in 100,000 years. Learn More Satellite Wave GPS The precise time. Anywhere in the world. Learn More Brand About Citizen Over 100 years of creating quality timepieces for all citizens of the world. Learn More Sustainability Discover Citizen's commitment and initiatives to protect the planet. Learn More Team Promaster Pushing the limits in the air, below the sea, and across the most extreme terrains. Learn More Purposeful Power 60 Second Docs, A series spotlighting those powered by purpose. Learn More Jack's Corner A content series by Jack Forster, the global editorial director of WatchBox.com, who imparts his watch expertise with a keen interest in Citizen. Learn More Watches of Honor Collections of special edition commemorative watches for the military and first responders. Learn More Account Wishlist Stores EN Canada (EN) Canada (FR) Mexico (ES) UK (EN) Sign In Sign In Create Account Wishlist 0 Celebrate International Women's Day: Save 25% Off Women's Watches* *Thru 3/8. Exclusions apply; Discount automatically applied to eligible models. Shop Now Celebrate International Women's Day Save 25% Off Women's Watches* *Thru 3/8. Exclusions apply; Discount automatically applied to eligible models. Shop Now Citizen L Power that's Sustainable.Style She'll Adore. A collection of graceful, elegant timepieces that are sustainably powered. Shop now Power that's Sustainable. Style She'll Adore. A collection of graceful, elegant timepieces that are sustainably powered. Shop Citizen L FEATURED Best Sellers Meet our customer favorites. placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price placeholder Quick Shop View Price Men’s Watches Shop Now Women’s Watches Shop Now Men’s Watches Shop Now Women’s Watches Shop Now PROMASTER "TSUYOSA" SERIES8 WOMEN'S CLASSICS PROMASTER "TSUYOSA" SERIES8 WOMEN'S CLASSICS PURPOSEFUL POWER Innovation Spotlight At the forefront of innovation, our high-performance timepieces feature proprietary materials and cutting-edge technology setting new standards, including groundbreaking advancements in Eco-Drive light-powered design and precision timekeeping. At the forefront of innovation, our high-performance timepieces feature proprietary materials and cutting-edge technology setting new standards, including groundbreaking advancements in Eco-Drive light-powered design and precision timekeeping. Attesa Super Titanium™ The Citizen The reviews are in! "My oldest Citizen Eco-Drive watch is about to celebrate it's 15th birthday and it still keeps perfect time and looks as good as the day I bought it." - JPM1 "Luxurious look for a casual elegance. Great balance of style and functionality." - EMWO "Gorgeous watch, nice size...I stick with Citizen because the watches are beautiful, high quality and accurate-- and also for the Eco Drive!!!" - Anonymous "Just received my titanium watch and I absolutely love it! Super light, and looks very sleek on wrist! Definitely recommend for watch lovers... it’s something different." - Lusito "I got this as a gift and I love it! I love the fact that it does not require a battery." - Acelacroix "Pure and simple. Mechanical watches are a timepiece to be reckoned with. This watch is a wonderful timepiece. " - Bri2 Celebrate Women’s History Month Make ‘Herstory’ with the new Empowered Minnie Mouse timepiece Shop Disney Star Wars™ Dark Side The Darth Vader Eco-Drive timepiece is the perfect expression of the Sith Lord Shop Star Wars Find Your Power The new Marvel | Citizen Miles Morales watch is here! Shop Marvel Celebrate Women’s History Month Make ‘Herstory’ with the new Empowered Minnie Mouse timepiece Shop Disney Star Wars™ Dark Side The Darth Vader Eco-Drive timepiece is the perfect expression of the Sith Lord Shop Star Wars Find Your Power The new Marvel | Citizen Miles Morales watch is here! Shop Marvel SMARTWATCHES CZ Smart Hybrid Sport It’s the year of living and looking smart. Shop Now SMARTWATCHES CZ Smart Hybrid Sport It’s the year of living and looking smart. Shop Now CITIZEN PARTNERSHIPS Building a purposeful, powerful, and sustainable future. From the birth of its Eco-Drive light technology to today, Citizen looks for ways to support and celebrate the planet. Through a partnership with 1% for the Planet, Citizen has pledged to donate 1% of its website sales in the U.S. to support a host of nonprofit organizations focused on the environment. The first of Citizen + 1% for the Planet’s nonprofit partners, Everybody Solar, works to protect the environment and strengthen U.S. communities through solar-energy projects. Everybody Solar brings the gift of clean energy to the organizations that need it most: nonprofits serving our most vulnerable populations. Citizen is joining forces with American Forests, the oldest, national nonprofit conservation organization in the United States. Founded in 1875, American Forests is a pathfinder for creating healthy forests from coast to coast, leading the way for creating healthy and resilient forests, from cities to wilderness, that deliver essential benefits for climate, people, water, and wildlife. Leather Working Group (LWG), is a member-led non-profit organization that is dedicated to driving excellence in the leather industry, minimizing the environmental impact of leather production, and challenging industry perceptions, through a suite of tools and ESG certification. Select Citizen leather products support responsible manufacturing via the Leather Working Group. Everyday Benefits on Citizenwatch.com Everyday Benefits on Citizenwatch.com Free Shipping on Every Order Free Returns & Easy Exchanges Complimentary Bracelet Sizing Buy Now, Pay Later Virtual Try-On E-Gift Cards Free Shipping on Every Order Free Returns & Easy Exchanges Complimentary Bracelet Sizing Buy Now, Pay Later Virtual Try-On E-Gift Cards Better starts now. Sign up to be the first to know about our future launches. Citizen My Account Order Status Watch Registration Special Discounts Watches of Honor Gift Cards Customer Care Ordering & Shipping Returns Parts & Repairs Warranty Contact Us FAQs Setting Instructions Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Accessibility Do Not Sell My Information © 2024 All Rights Reserved Remove Product? × Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? Cancel Yes Add to list Move or Copy Enter List Name Create A New List Added to Manage Wishlist Removed from Undo Wishlist Updated Manage Wishlist