Sound, Visual, & Display Technology - Dolby Dolby is culture Dolby is culture Check out what's new in Dolby culture. Check out what's new in Dolby culture. Discover how Award-winning Director Greta Gerwig uses Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos to create a fresh, modern, and enchanting world of Barbie like never before. Watch now Killers of the Flower Moon | Exclusive Interview with Martin Scorsese Watch now Killers of the Flower Moon exclusively streaming on Apple TV+. Dolby enabled device and Apple TV+ subscription required. Unlock gaming in Dolby on Xbox Series X|S Dolby is innovation Dolby is innovation Check out Dolby's latest innovations in entertainment technology. Check out Dolby's latest innovations in entertainment technology. Dolby.io Developer Platform Build a new generation of streaming solutions using Dolby.io APIs and developer tools. Echo Studio and Amazon Music HD Revolutionize how you experience music with Dolby Atmos on Echo Studio. Dolby Vision Feast your eyes on the ultravivid picture of Dolby Vision®, our innovative visual technology. Dolby Atmos Hear immersive sound that moves all around you with our remarkable sound technology, Dolby Atmos®. Dolby Cinema Designed to provide the best sound, picture, and environment for any movie, Dolby Cinema® lets you enter another reality and surrender to the story. Discover the entertainment you love — in Dolby Get Dolby news and updates Email SIGN UP Please enter a valid email. Thank you. Please check your email to complete your sign up. About us Dolby Professionals Dolby.io Careers Sustainability Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Newsroom Investors Support About Us Professional Dolby.io Careers Sustainability Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Newsroom Investors Support Dolby and the double-D symbol are registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation. All other trademarks remain the property of their respective owners. © 2024 Dolby Laboratories, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of use Governance Cookie policy Privacy policy Responsible Disclosure Policy EU funding {{item.name}} {{item.name}}