NASA Advanced Supercomputing Division Website Skip to main content NASA Advanced Supercomputing (NAS) Division World-class modeling, simulation, and supercomputing in support of the NASA mission NASA Home Ames Home Navigation ▾ Home About ▾ ▾ About NAS Organization Chart Staff Pages Opportunities Technical Areas ▾ ▾ Overview Aeronautics Research Launch Vehicle Analysis Risk/Safety Assessment Heliophysics Supercomputing at NAS ▾ ▾ Supercomputing Facility Application Porting & Optimization Data Analytics Science Data Pipelines Visualization Data Portal Custom NAS Services Software ▾ ▾ Cart3D Chimera Grid Tools Eddy NAS Parallel Benchmarks Shift Data Transfer Tool Other Software Packages Publications ▾ ▾ AMS Seminars News & Features Papers & Reports Scientific Visualization Gallery NASA@SC HECC Home ▶ NASA Advanced Supercomputing (NAS) Division Homepage New GPU-Based Supercomputer Speeds Computations for NASA Research Projects March 4, 2024 A new graphics processing unit (GPU)-based supercomputer has been added to the stable of NASA high-end computing resources operated by systems experts at the NASA Advanced Supercomputing (NAS) facility at the agency’s Ames Research Center. Named Cabeus after a lunar crater near the Moon’s south pole, the system is already providing NAS users with several petaflops of computational power and will increase the agency’s capability to run artificial intelligence and machine learning workloads that can benefit from GPU technology. Find out more about the Cabeus supercomputer and the NASA project running on the system. "> Exploring Past and Future Tropical Cyclones in the Bay of Bengal with NASA High-End Computing February 21, 2024 Leveraging NASA High-End Computing resources, a team of NASA and university scientists undertook a study of past and future tropical cyclones in the Bay of Bengal – some of the most devastating natural events on Earth. Scientists used supercomputing resources at the NASA Center for Climate Simulation (NCCS) and NASA Advanced Supercomputing (NAS) facility. Cyclone Nargis spirals over the Bay of Bengal between India to the west and Myanmar to the east Introducing Tecplot 360’s New Data Architecture to Improve UX with Transient Datasets & Design Exploration AMS Seminar Series Scott Fowler, Tecplot, Inc. March 7, 9:00 AM PT This talk will describe work that Tecplot, Inc. has underway to improve the usability and efficiency of Tecplot 360, particularly for transient datasets. Tecplot will introduce three new concepts that will be used in future versions of Tecplot 360: Data Journal, Deferred Data Options, and Parts. More about this AMS seminar "> Simulating Supersonic Parachute Inflation for Atmospheric Entry February 8, 2024 Researchers in the NAS Division are using their Launch, Ascent, and Vehicle Aerodynamics (LAVA) software to develop the capability to simulate supersonic parachute inflation to support NASA’s planned interplanetary robotic exploration missions. See the video in the NAS Scientific Visualization Gallery. Watch the timelapse video of exploding bolides. Apply Now for the 2024 NASA GPU Hackathon: Deadline June 5 January 26, 2024 It’s not too early to apply for the 2024 NASA GPU Hackathon, to be held on September 10 and September 17-19. Whether your code is a traditional high-performance computing-centric application or if your goal focuses on artificial intelligence/machine learning technologies, please apply to participate in this event! Get further details and important deadlines for the 2024 GPU Hackathon. TESS Researchers Discover Six-Planet System Using New Algorithms January 16, 2024 An international group of scientists have recently uncovered a remarkable system of six exoplanets from data collected by NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS). Their years of planetary detective work—which began with light curve processing on the Pleiades supercomputer at the NASA Advanced Supercomputing (NAS) facility—was detailed in a paper published in Nature. Read about how TESS researchers discovered a strange six-planet system. High-End Computing Capability HECC Info HECC Home About HECC Resources Services User Success Stories Quick Links Get Accounts User News System Status New User Orientation User Documentation Contact Us Contact Us Site Feedback Site Feedback Site Map Contact Us NASA Division Office Phone: (650) 604-4502 Donovan Mathias, Division Chief, Acting Ted Manning, Deputy Division Chief, Acting Donovan Mathias, Administrative Assistant General inquiries about the Division Email: contact-nas@nas.nasa.gov Website-related issues or comments Email: Please enable Javascript to see email address. 24x7 User Assistance Toll-free Phone: (800) 331-8737 Local Phone: (650) 604-4444 Email: support@nas.nasa.gov General comments or questions about NASA Email: public-inquiries@nasa.gov Tell Us About It We welcome your input on features and topics that you would like to see included on this website. Please send us email with your wish list and other feedback. Ames Website NASA Website NASA Privacy, Security, Notices Trademark Notices Editor: Jill Dunbar Webmaster: John Hardman NASA Official: Donovan Mathias Last Updated: March 4, 2024