Luxury fashion & independent designers | SSENSE Menswear Womenswear Everything else sale search English Français日本語中文한국어 login wishlist shopping bag (0) (0) Fashion The A to Z Guide to Black Designers on SSENSE Fashion Feb 29 Dive into the spirit of Black innovation. Fashion In the Studio Fashion Feb 26 A series of video interviews with Bianca Saunders, Mowalola, and Stanley Raffington, presented by SSENSE x ESSENCE. Recent PREP IS GOING NOWHERE Market Feb 24 For several seasons, fashion’s obsession with prep has been impossible to ignore. FW24 shows proved that the trend is here to stay. Recent A Big, Luscious, Fur-Drenched Bang Fashion Feb 23 At Gucci, Tom Ford pioneered the IDGAF sexiness that’s pulsing through this season’s best clothes. Liana Satenstein remembers his final collection for the brand 20 years after its catwalk debut. Recent For Real Lovers Only Market Feb 13 From steamy massage oils and other bedroom enticements to heart-adorned tees and glasses, this selection is for the last romantics alive. Featured Simone Rocha Shop Menswear Featured KNWLS Shop Womenswear Street Style Is Changing—Can Fashion Keep Up? Fashion So, You Want to Know More About Fashion History? Fashion What Kind of Guy Will You Be This Spring? Fashion Is Fashion’s Next Great Creative Director Already in the Front Row? Fashion View All Stories Big-Time Sensuality With Fidan Novruzova Fashion The Moldova-based designer on the surprising sex appeal of the Havva boot (as seen on Bella Hadid and Irina Shayk) and what comes next in her design fantasy. The A–Z Guide to Helmut Lang Fashion The groundbreaking, hard-edged history of the label that defined the 1990s—and is moving boldly into the 2020s. Meet the Man You’ll Want to Be Fashion Feb 5 Donning 20 looks that matter from the Fall/Winter 2024 menswear collections Sage Elsesser’s Shades of Blue Music The Shifting Look of Pop Stars Fashion Why We’re All Still Obsessed with Deftones Music The Makings of Asake Music Sage Elsesser’s Shades of Blue Music The Shifting Look of Pop Stars Fashion Why We’re All Still Obsessed with Deftones Music The Makings of Asake Music Featured Ex Nihilo Paris SHOP EVERYTHING ELSE Featured Home SHOP EVERYTHING ELSEHow Myha’la Herrold Succeeds in Showbiz The star of HBO’s ‘Industry’ is a theater kid at heart. View Editorial How Myha’la Herrold Succeeds in Showbiz The star of HBO’s ‘Industry’ is a theater kid at heart. Recent Where’s the Fashion at Men’s Fashion Week? Fashion Jan 25 At the shows, at dinner, in cafes over wine, everyone talked about wearability during the Fall 2024 collections. But where’s the line between banality and functionality? Recent The Art Of Designing Clothes For Screens Fashion Jan 24 In 2024, so much clothing will be experienced primarily through a screen. From memes to #mommybloggers, virality is the new currency of fashion. Recent Statement Footwear to Make Your Mark Market Jan 22 Accessories are the best way to stand out, and there’s no better place to start than with statement footwear. Featured fffpostalservice Shop Menswear Featured Blumarine Shop Womenswear How to Build a Soft World with SC103 Fashion Bryan Jimenèz Is Making Heavy Clothes for Uncertain Times Fashion Practice Makes Perfect: Celebrating Tom Dixon TWENTY Fashion A Surfboard Club at the Top of the World Culture View All Stories Recent How We Got the Puffer Jacket So Wrong Fashion Jan 18 With designers like CHENPENG, ERL, and POST ARCHIVE FACTION (PAF) rewriting the rules, the idea that puffer jackets are ugly and boringly practical has never felt so outdated. Recent Luca Magliano Is Torching the Past to Find the Future Fashion Jan 12 Speaking from Pitti Uomo, the Italian designer describes his latest collection as “a sort of sabotage.” Recent DJ Harvey Has No Idea Who He’s Passing the Aux To Music Jan 10 The British dance music pioneer discusses the bright future of the genre as well as a new collection of knitwear by Howlin’. COUNTRY/REGION: Viet Nam Canada United States United Kingdom Japan China France South Korea View all SEARCH COUNTRY/REGION newsletter signup Sign up for email updates and promotions Email address Menswear Womenswear subscribe You may unsubscribe at any time. To find out more, please visit our Privacy Policy. customer care location SSENSE MONTRÉAL Editorial Archive careers affiliates sitemap © 2024 ssense.com Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility