Center Centre - Contact Us Deliver Better Design Leslie Jensen-Inman and Jared Spool, Co-CEOs of Center Centre. We’re focused on eliminating all bad design in the world in the next 100 years. To do that, we’re focused on providing you—the leaders and makers of awesomeness in our organizations—the UX expertise you need to deliver better products and services. Leaders of Awesomeness Community A lively community of UX leaders, designers, researchers, and writers from all over the world. Leaders of Awesomeness is a community of UX design, research, and content leaders. Our community is the place where UX leaders come to share, reflect, and grow. Join hosts Jared Spool and Dr. Leslie Jensen-Inman in this free and interactive community. Join our UX Community UX Strategy Essentials Video Series Dive into UX Strategy anytime, anywhere, on your own schedule with our UX Strategy Essentials Video Series. Shape how your organization delivers better-designed products and services when you apply the concepts you’ll learn from our most cutting-edge UX Strategy topics. Enjoy 90 days of access to Outcome-Driven UX Metrics and Advanced Strategic UX Research. Dive Into Our Video Series UX Metrics to Drive Your Organization Intensive February 5-9, 2024 Outcome-driven UX Metrics to take your organization to new places. In five 90-minute sessions, explore how to develop your team’s Outcome-driven UX Metrics. Outcome-driven UX Metrics is our radical approach to combating the issues caused by conventional metrics. Join us to directly track the user experience improvements your team makes. Dive Into Our UX Metrics Intensive Free Talk UX Strategy Discussions Weekly live discussions on UX Strategy, plus dozens of archived discussions ready for you to dive into. Enjoy dozens of relevant UX strategy concepts that you can implement in your organization. In each session, Jared Spool provides a clear direction on where you need to take your UX strategy to deliver better experiences. You can dive into each recorded session or join live and get in on the conversation. UX Talk Strategy Achieve How to Win Stakeholders and Influence Decisions Win over the hardest of the hard-to-convince stakeholders in your organization. Our 16-week program guides you step-by-step in selling your toughest stakeholders on the value of UX research and design. Get teams to adopt a user-centered approach. Gain traction to doing your best UX work. Get Stakeholder Buy-In Jared Live (virtually) Bring Jared Spool to speak at your organization and gain a competitive advantage through design. Give your team the opportunity to get answers to important challenges they’re facing. Jared has a smart and funny way of explaining how organizations like yours are achieving better-designed products and services. Delve Into Jared’s Talks All of our Products and Programs Leaders of Awesomeness How to Win Stakeholders & Influence Decisions program The UX Strategy Program All You Can Learn Library Live with Jared Spool Center Centre UX School UX Hiring Masterclass Resources UX Articles Our Fellowship Program 791 Turnpike Street, Unit 4North Andover, MA 01845 USA+1 978-327-5561 Center Centre is proud to provide the expertise you need to deliver better products and services. Copyright 2024 Center Centre Inc. All rights reserved. Questions or comments? Contact us. Privacy Notice