Endocrine.org | Endocrine Society Endocrine.org Patient Resources ENDO 2024 Center for Learning EndoCareers endo sessions Society Journals Endocrine News Content Licensing PATH Our other sites Endocrine.org Patient Resources ENDO 2024 Center for Learning EndoCareers endo sessions Society Journals Endocrine News Content Licensing PATH News Advocacy Awards Endocrine Topics Education & Training Practice Guidelines Journals Meetings & Events Store Hello, Please login Your Account & Tools Learning Claim credits Plan your learning Browse journals and articles View sessions recordings Membership Renew membership Submit Your Science! Find other members Become a member leader Career Get published Earn recognition Develop your career Promote your work Join Login 0 Items Menu Login Sign Up The Latest Our Community Open Submenu Advancing Endocrinology & Public Health Breakthroughs & Improving Care Shaping Healthcare & Research Policy Special Interest Groups Career & Professional Development Building Community & Global Exchange Diversity, Equity and Inclusion EndoForum Community Advancing Research Open Submenu Stay Informed Scientific Statements Research Opportunities Research Fellowships & Programs Research Awards Research Policy & Advocacy Improving Practice Open Submenu Clinical Practice Guidelines Hypoglycemia Prevention Initiative Patient Engagement Transitions of Care AID Resource Education, Training, and Recognition Physician Payment: QPP and MACRA Healthcare Policy and Advocacy Membership Open Submenu Renew Membership Member Rates Member Resources EndoForum Community Volunteer Membership Toolkit 2024 Election Results Partnerships Open Submenu Corporate Members Advertise With Us JOIN OR RENEW TODAY! News Advocacy Awards Endocrine Topics Education & Training Practice Guidelines Journals Meetings & Events Store JOIN OR RENEW TODAY! Contact Us Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Close The Latest Our Community Open Submenu Advancing Endocrinology & Public Health Breakthroughs & Improving Care Shaping Healthcare & Research Policy Special Interest Groups Career & Professional Development Building Community & Global Exchange Diversity, Equity and Inclusion EndoForum Community Advancing Research Open Submenu Stay Informed Scientific Statements Research Opportunities Research Fellowships & Programs Research Awards Research Policy & Advocacy Improving Practice Open Submenu Clinical Practice Guidelines Hypoglycemia Prevention Initiative Patient Engagement Transitions of Care AID Resource Education, Training, and Recognition Physician Payment: QPP and MACRA Healthcare Policy and Advocacy Membership Open Submenu Renew Membership Member Rates Member Resources EndoForum Community Volunteer Membership Toolkit 2024 Election Results Partnerships Open Submenu Corporate Members Advertise With Us JOIN OR RENEW TODAY! know more, do more Advancing endocrinology and improving public health Join an innovative global community focused on improving patient care, shaping effective policy, and ensuring the future of our field. the latest Meetings & Events Early Registration Rates Expire in One Week! February 27, 2024 Our Early Registration rates for ENDO 2024 expire in just one week, on Wednesday, March 6! With over 160 education sessions and a robust poster hall with thousands of new scientific abstracts, ENDO 2024 is not an event you can afford to miss. See why thousands of endocrine professionals will flock to Boston, MA this June 1-4 and take advantage of our lowest rates while they are still available. Meetings & Events An Efficient Clinic, the Right Work in the Right Time Webinar February 27, 2024 Join the Early Career Special Interest Group (SIG) for the upcoming webinar, An Efficient Clinic, Right Work in Right Time, on Saturday, March 9 at 2:00 PM ET. An endocrinology clinic can be a great source of joy and satisfaction. Efficient workflow management of the clinic can improve clinical productivity and decrease burnout. The goal is to start on time, leave on time, and have no residual work to be done at home. Register now to save your spot! Journals & Articles Read Our Thematic Issue on Cardiovascular Endocrinology 2024 February 27, 2024 Read our special collection of journal articles, published in 2022–2024, focused on cardiovascular endocrinology! Curation of the collection was guided by Altmetric Attention Scores, article downloads, and Featured Article designations. News & Advocacy New Report on EDCs in Plastics, Pesticides, and Other Sources March 01, 2024 The Endocrine Society and International Pollutants Elimination Network (IPEN) have published a new report, Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals: Threats to Human Health, which provides a comprehensive update on the state of the science around EDCs, with increasing evidence that this large group of toxic substances are implicated in rising global health concerns. Read it now. Advocacy Advocacy in Action March 01, 2024 Thanks to Endocrine Society advocacy, Congress has averted another shutdown. The Society also continues to be a leader on the global stage, participating this week at the United Nations Environment Assembly to discuss EDCs and women's health. What interests you? News Advocacy Awards Endocrine Topics Education & Training Practice Guidelines Journals Meetings & Events Store We Are Endocrinology Become a Member Leader Member Stories Join Us “I use media to share a message of prevention and recognition of many endocrine diseases, especially diabetes and obesity. As a member of the Endocrine Society, I have also had the opportunity to continue this work with Society members who share in my vision and passion. I work closely with the Endocrine Society’s Hormone Health Network to spread awareness on various endocrine diseases through patient education tools and media.” – Deena Adimoolam, MD A champion for the Society’s guidelines, Chris has been passionate about improving our guideline development methodology as well as about making guideline content more accessible to readers around the world. – Christopher McCartney, MD Advantages of Membership For Career Advancement Publish with Us Gain professional recognition Attend a meeting or event Share your story For Continuing Education Learn and claim credits (CME/MOC) Explore career development resources Browse journals and articles View session recordings Join Today Need more info? Learn more about the advantages of membership Endocrine Society News Endocrine Society supports federal legislation protecting IVF access February 28, 2024 The Endocrine Society is calling for members of Congress to support federal legislation protecting access to in vitro fertilization (IVF). The Access to Family Building Act (S.3612/H.R.7056), proposed by Sens. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), Patty Murray (D-WA), and Rep. Susan Wild (D-PA), would ensure people can access safe, effective IVF and other assisted reproductive technologies to start or grow their families. Latest Science Shows Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals in Plastics, Pesticides, and Other Sources Pose Health Threats Globally February 26, 2024 A report from the world’s leading scientific and medical experts on hormone-related health conditions raises new concerns about the profound threats to human health from endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) that are ubiquitous in our surroundings and everyday lives. Focus on patient experience can improve diabetes care February 21, 2024 Health care providers who treat diabetes need to think beyond the clinical numbers, such as solely focusing on a person’s glucose goals. Taking the patient experience into account can improve the quality of care and facilitate attainment of treatment goals, according to a new position statement published in the Endocrine Society’s Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism. View More Featured Journal Articles A Case of an Ectopic ACTH-Producing Tumor With Adrenal Shrinkage During Osilodrostat Administration March 05, 2024 The authors report a patient with Cushing syndrome caused by an ectopic corticotropin-producing tumor who was treated with osilodrostat. Gonadal Function in Boys with Bilateral Undescended Testes March 05, 2024 We describe the extent of gonadal dysfunction in cases of bilateral undescended testes who had systematic endocrine and genetic evaluation at a single tertiary pediatric center. Single-Cell Transcriptomics Identifies Pituitary Gland Changes in Diet-Induced Obesity in Male Mice March 05, 2024 In this study, we performed single-cell RNA sequencing of pituitary glands from male mice fed control and high-fat diet to determine obesity-mediated changes in pituitary cell populations and gene expression. View More Back to top Who We Are Email Address First Name Last Name I agree to the Terms & Policies. Subscribe For 100 years, the Endocrine Society has been at the forefront of hormone science and public health. Read about our history and how we continue to serve the endocrine community. Endocrine Society Endocrine Society is a global community of physicians and scientists dedicated to accelerating scientific breakthroughs and improving patient health and well being. Advertise with Us License our Content Awards Endocrine News Podcast News Journals Meetings & Events Endocrine Topics Practice Guidelines Education & Training Membership Products & Services Our Community About the Endocrine Society Advancing Endocrinology & Public Health Accelerating Breakthroughs & Improving Care Shaping Healthcare & Research Policy Special Interest Groups Career & Professional Development Building Community & Global Exchange DocMatter Community Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forum Advancing Research Stay Informed Research Opportunities Research Fellowships & Programs Research Awards Research Policy & Advocacy Improving Practice Clinical Practice Guidelines Education, Training & Recognition Physician Payment: QPP and MACRA Membership Become a Member Renew Your Membership DocMatter Community Become a Member Leader Find a Member Make a Donation Advertise with Us About Us Board of Directors Member Leaders Ethics and Society Documents Society Staff Our History Employment at the Society Careers Licensing & Permissions Commercial Reprints Advertise with Us © 2024 Copyright Endocrine Society. All rights reserved. Our website uses cookies to deliver an improved browser experience. To learn more, please visit our Privacy Policy Accept Terms & Policies Privacy Contact Us