St. Paul News, Sports and Things To Do | Pioneer Press Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 24°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 Today's Paper Home Page Close MenuNews News Business Crime & Public Safety Education Government & Politics Health National News Environment Local St. Paul Ramsey County Anoka County Washington County Dakota County Minnesota Wisconsin Sports Sports Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Twins Minnesota Wild Minnesota Timberwolves Minnesota Lynx Minnesota United FC College Sports Gophers Football St. Paul Saints Gophers Men’s Basketball High School Sports Outdoors Food Restaurants, Food and Drink Restaurant news Restaurant reviews Restaurant lists Recipes Takeout Things to Do Things to Do Books Movies & TV Arts Music and Concerts Restaurants, Food and Drink Theater Travel Treasure Hunt Winter Carnival State Fair Home & Garden Events Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columnists Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Subscribe Log In Logout Close Menu Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up to submit an obituary To place an obituary, please include the information from the obituary checklist below in an email to obits@pioneerpress.com. There is no option to place them through our website. Feel free to contact our obituary desk at 651-228-5263 with any questions. General Information: Your full name, Address (City, State, Zip Code), Phone number, And an alternate phone number (if any) Obituary Specification: Name of Deceased, Obituary Text, A photo in a JPEG or PDF file is preferable, TIF and other files are accepted, we will contact you if there are any issues with the photo. Ad Run dates There is a discount for running more than one day, but this must be scheduled on the first run date to apply. If a photo is used, it must be used for both days for the discount to apply, contact us for more information. Policies: Verification of Death: In order to publish obituaries a name and phone number of funeral home/cremation society is required. We must contact the funeral home/cremation society handling the arrangements during their business hours to verify the death. If the body of the deceased has been donated to the University of Minnesota Anatomy Bequest Program, or a similar program, their phone number is required for verification. Please allow enough time to contact them especially during their limited weekend hours. A death certificate is also acceptable for this purpose but only one of these two options are necessary. Guestbook and Outside Websites: We are not allowed to reference other media sources with a guestbook or an obituary placed elsewhere when placing an obituary in print and online. We may place a website for a funeral home or a family email for contact instead; contact us with any questions regarding this matter. Obituary Process: Once your submission is completed, we will fax or email a proof for review prior to publication in the newspaper. This proof includes price and days the notice is scheduled to appear. Please review the proof carefully. We must be notified of errors or changes before the notice appears in the Pioneer Press based on each day’s deadlines. After publication, we will not be responsible for errors that may occur after final proofing. Online: Payment Procedure: Pre-payment is required for all obituary notices prior to publication by the deadline specified below in our deadline schedule. Please call 651-228-5263 with your payment information after you have received the proof and approved its contents. Credit Card: Payment accepted by phone only due to PCI (Payment Card Industry) regulations EFT: Check by phone. Please provide your routing number and account number. Rates: The minimum charge is $162 for the first 10 lines. Every line after the first 10 is $12.20. If the ad is under 10 lines it will be charged the minimum rate of $162. On a second run date, the lines are $8.20 per line, starting w/ the first line. For example: if first run date was 20 lines the cost would be $164. Each photo published is $125 per day. For example: 2 photos in the paper on 2 days would be 4 photo charges at $500. Deadlines: Please follow deadline times to ensure your obituary is published on the day requested. Hours Deadline (no exceptions) Ad Photos MONDAY – FRIDAY 9:00AM – 5:00 PM Next Day Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 4:30PM Make changes by 5:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 4:30PM SATURDAYS 10:00AM – 2:00PM Sunday Publication Must receive obituary content and payment same day by 1:30PM Make changes by 2:00PM Must receive photo(s) by 1:30PM SUNDAYS 12:00PM – 3:00PM Monday Publication Must receive obituary content, payment, and final changes same day by 2:30PM Must receive photo(s) by 2:30PM MEMORIAM (NON-OBITUARY) REQUEST Unlike an obituary, Memoriam submissions are remembrances of a loved one who has passed. The rates for a memoriam differ from obituaries. HOURS: Monday – Friday 8:00AM – 5:00PM (CLOSED WEEKENDS and HOLIDAYS) Please submit your memoriam ad to memoriams@pioneerpress.com or call 651-228-5280. Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search Twin Cities 24°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 Today's Paper News Local Sports Food Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds OUR PICKS: Opinion | Super Tuesday Opinion | Janitors on strike Opinion | Peeps Diorama Contest Opinion | Viral amputee Opinion | State hockey brackets Opinion | Light-rail stabbing Opinion | PiPress photo book Featured SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Second 911 call from Burnsville home: Child reported ‘there was a big shootout here’ The transcript sheds more light on the trauma children went through when 2 officers, firefighter were killed. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Minnesota House passes bill aimed at clarifying police force use in schools SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Minnesota native who fixed foot pain with amputation shares journey on TikTok Opinion | Twin Cities commercial janitors began a three-day strike on Monday. Here’s who could be next. Opinion | St. Croix County turns to voters to bolster public safety services Latest Headlines SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | On St. Paul’s November ballot: Child care subsidies funded by property taxes 13 hours ago Opinion | Charges: St. Paul light-rail assailant told police he stabbed man in self-defense 7 hours ago SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Waseca wildfire dies down after injuring 3, threatening homes 8 hours ago Opinion | 2 men killed in Afton crash of vintage airplane are identified 9 hours ago Opinion | Hudson police investigate St. Croix River accidental drowning death 12 hours ago SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Cloquet Super 8 shooting suspect might have been psychotic, high on meth 11 hours ago SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | St. Paul enters into citywide trash hauling negotiations. Public Works to service difficult routes. 13 hours ago Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Most PopularMost PopularHudson police investigate St. Croix River accidental drowning deathHudson police investigate St. Croix River accidental drowning death2 men killed in Afton crash of vintage airplane are identified2 men killed in Afton crash of vintage airplane are identifiedJoe Soucheray: What the thousands who lined the streets knewJoe Soucheray: What the thousands who lined the streets knewCheck out the 2024 Minnesota boys hockey state tournament bracketsCheck out the 2024 Minnesota boys hockey state tournament bracketsSecond 911 call from Burnsville home: Child reported ‘there was a big shootout here’Second 911 call from Burnsville home: Child reported 'there was a big shootout here'Former St. Paul officer charged with arson at building of his family’s St. Paul restaurantFormer St. Paul officer charged with arson at building of his family's St. Paul restaurantMacKenzie Scott’s Minnesota gifts are ‘transforming lives.’ Local nonprofits have been remade, as well.MacKenzie Scott's Minnesota gifts are 'transforming lives.' Local nonprofits have been remade, as well.On St. Paul’s November ballot: Child care subsidies funded by property taxesOn St. Paul's November ballot: Child care subsidies funded by property taxesPerson stabbed on light rail train in St. Paul on Saturday nightPerson stabbed on light rail train in St. Paul on Saturday nightSupreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attackSupreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack more News Opinion | MacKenzie Scott’s Minnesota gifts are ‘transforming lives.’ Local nonprofits have been remade, as well. "We want her to know how we’re putting these dollars to work and how we speak of it in a transformational way," one nonprofit leader said. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Streetcar options down St. Paul’s West Seventh could cost $2.1 billion — and roll slower than existing Route 54 bus Opinion | Contract negotiations continue between St. Paul teachers and school district SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | White Bear Lake to hold public hearing on downtown street project more Sports Opinion | U.S. women’s national soccer team coming back to Allianz Field in June The USWNT came to St. Paul in 2019 and 2021. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Minnesota United’s entanglement as MLS downsizes role in U.S. Open Cup SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Kirill Kaprizov’s hat trick lifts Wild to desperate win over Sharks SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | How harmful was last week to Wild and their playoff hopes? more Restaurants & Food Opinion | Trader Joe’s chicken soup dumplings recalled for possibly containing permanent marker plastic To date, no related illnesses or injures have been reported. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Check out Allianz Field’s new food items SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | At North Loop’s new Dario, handmade pasta is the star SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Is soap safe for cast iron? A former MMA fighter has bet his career on it Photos Opinion | Literary picks for week of March 3: ‘Ferris’ and ‘Louder Than Hunger’ Acclaimed authors Kate DiCamillo and John Schu jointly launch middle-grade books in St. Paul on Thursday. Watch a video of DiCamillo. Opinion | State wrestling: Simley adds three first-time state champions Opinion | State wrestling: Simley wins program record sixth straight state title Opinion | State wrestling: Three titles proves Apple Valley has already emerged as the standard in girls wrestling SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Sweating buckets, and loving it: Minnesotans and their saunas Opinion | Kaposia Library opens in South St. Paul as Dakota County’s most accessible, inclusive library Opinion | Watch the memorial service for Burnsville first responders Show More Photos SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Check out the 2024 Minnesota boys hockey state tournament brackets Opinion | State boys swimming: Three-peat for Rosemount’s Lucas Gerten, and a state record, too Opinion | Boys hockey: Stanius’ early goal, Gabriel’s 35 saves power White Bear Lake over Hill-Murray in section final Opinion | Shirtless US Senate candidate submerges himself in Wisconsin lake, issues challenge to opponent Opinion | Supreme Court sets April arguments over whether Trump can be prosecuted for election interference more Things to Do Opinion | Theater review: Orpheum’s fast and silly ‘Clue’ isn’t clever enough When folks start turning up dead, you’re unlikely to care. Opinion | ‘Percy Jackson’ and epic coming-of-age tales are getting their live-action TV moment Opinion | What to stream this week: ‘Wonka,’ animal queens and ‘Poor Things’ Opinion | ‘Spaceman’ review: Sandler stars in so-so film for grown-ups about inner journey more Crime & Public Safety Opinion | Former St. Paul officer charged with arson at building of his family’s St. Paul restaurant Tou Mo Cha says he had nothing to do with the fire. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Shot fired at Ramsey County sheriff’s deputy pursuing vehicle in St. Paul, police say Opinion | Person stabbed on light rail train in St. Paul on Saturday night SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | St. Paul defense attorney avoids prison on sexual misconduct charges; victim: ‘I live in fear’ more Opinion SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | John Marboe: Remembering a musical soul, Ron Evaniuk “No one can do what Ron does on cello." SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Joe Soucheray: What the thousands who lined the streets knew SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Letters: To deter carjackers and assault? Issue personal bodycams at a low price SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Linda Marie Thayer: I was an ICU nurse for 35 years. Let people have a legal choice in how they leave this world more Politics Opinion | Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday The former president finished first in voting conducted at 12 caucus sites. Opinion | Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack SUBSCRIBER ONLY Opinion | Minnesota’s presidential primary is on Tuesday. Here’s what to know. Opinion | Gov. Evers signs Republican-authored bill to expand Wisconsin child care tax credit Trending Nationally ‘Mammoth cost’ for migrant crisis just beginning, expert warnsPhotos: Stranded Bay Area travelers make the best of the Tahoe blizzard as Interstate 80 remains closedSupreme Court restores Trump to 2024 ballotCapt. Charlie Griffin, ‘Wicked Tuna’ star, dies in boating accident on the Outer Banks‘Nightmare’: How Prince Harry and Meghan Markle burned bridges in Hollywood Subscribe Today’s Paper Obituaries Comics Puzzles Sitemap Contact Us Newsroom Contacts Pioneer Press Store Commenting rules Photo reprints Manage my account Privacy Policy Accessibility Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Marketplace Autos Homes Jobs Work With Us Advertise with us Network Advertising Special Advertising Sections Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group Close