FoodSafety.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. FoodSafety.gov Menu Recalls & Outbreaks Food Safety Charts Food Safety Charts Cold Food Storage Food Safety During Power Outage Meat and Poultry Safe Minimum Internal Temperatures Keep Food Safe Keep Food Safe 4 Simple Steps Food Safety by Events and Seasons Food Safety by Type of Food Food Safety in a Disaster or Emergency FoodKeeper App Food Poisoning Food Poisoning Bacteria and Viruses Report a Problem with Food People At Risk People At Risk Children Under Five Older Adults People with Weakened Immune Systems Pregnant Women Enter the terms you wish to search for. (optional) Search Search About Blog Español Your Gateway to Food Safety Information Get the latest news, alerts, and tips on safely handling and storing food to prevent food poisoning. Learn More Recalls Spotlight Winter Weather Food Safety Learn tips on how to keep food safe during a power outage during a winter storm power outage. Learn more E. coli Outbreak Linked to Raw Cheddar CheeseElevated Lead Levels: Applesauce PouchesSalmonella Outbreak Linked to Charcuterie MeatsSalmonella Outbreak Linked to CantaloupesCook to a Safe Minimum Internal TemperatureWarm Up with a Safely Slow-Cooked Meal Food Safety Recalls See recalls from cdc.gov Wash Your Hands for Health Washing your hands properly can prevent 1 in 3 diarrheal illnesses and 1 in 5 respiratory infections. Tips for Meal Kit and Food Delivery Safety What you need to know. Seguridad para la entrega de alimentos y kits de comida Lo que debe saber. Prevent Illness from C. perfringens Clostridium perfringens bacteria are one of the most common causes of foodborne illness (food poisoning). 4 Simple Steps to Food Safety Clean Wash hands, utensils and surfaces often. Germs can spread and survive in many places. Separate Raw meat, poultry, seafood, and eggs can spread germs to ready-to-eat foods, so keep them separate. Cook Cook to the right temperature. Ensure that foods are cooked safely by always using a food thermometer. Chill Refrigerate promptly. Bacteria that cause food poisoning multiply quickest between 40°F (4°C) and 140°F (60°C). Facebook Return to top Home Recalls & Outbreaks Food Safety Charts Keep Food Safe Food Poisoning People At Risk Of Interest Archive EEO/No Fear Act Nondiscrimination Notice Vulnerability Disclosure Policy USA.gov Privacy Policy FOIA Sitemap Partners United States Department of Agriculture Food and Drug Administration Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Language Assistance Available Español 繁體中文 简体中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Русский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen Français Polski Português Italiano Deutsch 日本語 فارسی English FoodSafety.gov A federal government website managed by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services 200 Independence Avenue, S.W. - Washington, D.C. 20201 Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS