aidsmap | aidsmap Skip to main content Main navigation Home News About HIV About us Donate Search Search Donate now Donate now £5 £10 £35 Other amount Name Email With Gift Aid, your generous donation of £10 would be worth £12.50 at no extra cost to you. Yes, I want to Gift Aid any donations made to NAM now, in the future and in the past four years I am a UK taxpayer and I understand that if I pay less Income and /or Capital Gains Tax than the amount of Gift Aid claimed on all my donations in the relevant tax year, it is my responsibility to pay any difference. In our 35th year we’re asking people to donate £35 – that’s just £1 for every year we’ve been providing life-changing information. Any donation you make helps us continue our work towards a world where HIV is no longer a threat to health or happiness. £5 allows us to reach millions of people globally with accurate and reliable resources about HIV prevention and treatment. £10 helps us produce news and bulletins on the latest developments in HIV for healthcare staff around the world. £35 means we can empower more people living with HIV to challenge stigma with our information workshops, videos and broadcasts. aidsmap Primary tabs View(active tab) Preview aidsmap changes lives by sharing information about HIV & AIDS. We provide independent, accurate & accessible information about HIV. News The latest news on HIV prevention, treatment and cure from around the world. Search About HIV Clear and reliable information on all aspects of HIV. Clinic portal login All of our booklets and resources, for members of our Patient Information Scheme. News and research from CROI 2024. About us NAM Publications (known as aidsmap) is a charity based in the United Kingdom. We work to change lives by sharing information about HIV & AIDS. We believe independent, clear and accurate information is vital in the fight against HIV & AIDS. Our information is intended to support, rather than replace, consultation with a healthcare professional. Talk to your doctor or another member of your healthcare team for advice tailored to your situation. Read more about us Connect with us Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram Subscribe to emails & newsfeeds Login to our clinic portal Donate now Visit our other websites: clinic.nam.org.uk | infohep.org | prepineurope.org | about-hiv.info | pro-vich.info | hiv-lens.org © NAM Publications 2024, all rights reserved. NAM is not responsible for the content of external websites. Company limited by guarantee. Registered in England & Wales, number: 2707596. Registered charity, number: 1011220 Footer menu Show — Footer menu Hide — Footer menu Contact Jobs Terms of Use Accessibility Privacy Policy Cookies Manage cookies