The Khronos Group Inc Skip to main content Toggle navigation Developers Active Standards 3D Commerce ANARI COLLADA Data Format EGL glTF Kamaros KTX NNEF OpenCL OpenGL OpenGL ES OpenGL SC OpenVG OpenVX OpenXR SPIR SYCL SYCL SC Vulkan Vulkan SC WebGL Groups & Forums Heterogeneous Communication Machine Learning Forum New Initiative Process Inactive Standards OpenKCAM OpenKODE OpenMAX OpenML OpenSL ES OpenWF StreamInput WebCL Registry Advisors Github Khronos Support Forums Vulkan Discord Khronos Discord Khronos Slack Videos & Presentations Reference Guides Books Jobs Request for Proposals Merchandise Conformance Become an Adopter API Adopters List Conformant Products File Format Adopter Program File Format Adopters Trademark Guidelines IP Framework Briefing Adopter Login 3D Commerce Certification Certified Viewers Certificant Login Membership Join the Khronos Group Khronos Members Khronos Liaisons IP Framework Create an account Member Login News & Events Newsroom Press Releases Khronos Blog Newsletter Share your news Events Marketing with Khronos About Overview Contact Us Logo Packs Directors & Officers Working Group Officers Diversity at Khronos Code of Conduct Technical Support Khronie Awards Member Login Search Search Quick links to each of the Khronos Standards homepage. Skip to the News section. Khronos royalty-free open standards for 3D graphics, Virtual and Augmented Reality, Parallel Computing, Machine Learning, and Vision Processing 3D Commerce ANARI COLLADA EGL glTF Kamaros KTX NNEF OpenCL OpenGL OpenGL ES OpenGL SC OpenVG OpenVX OpenXR SPIR SYCL SYCL SC Vulkan Vulkan SC WebGL Machine Learning KSCAF All Standards Download Logos Khronos News sign up for our newsletter Recent news items related to Khronos Group Standards. Skip to the Khronos Members section NVK is now ready for prime time February 28, 2024 vulkan Collabora NVIDIA Corporation NVK, the open-source Vulkan driver for NVIDIA hardware in Mesa, is now ready for prime time. The new merge request gets rid of the non-conformant implementation warnings and changes the Meson configuration option for NVK from nouveau-experimental to just nouveau. This will act as a signal to distros that it’s now time to start shipping NVK to users. NVK will be part of Mesa 24.1 and you should expect to see it in either the spring or fall release of your favorite Linux distro. NVK is now a conformant Vulkan 1.3 implementation on Turing (RTX 2000 and GTX 1600 series), Ampere (RTX 3000 series), and Ada (RTX 4000 series) GPUs. Read More... Khronos Group WeChat Channel February 27, 2024 To better support our Chinese members, the Khronos Group is happy to announce a new Khronos WeChat channel focusing on our API technologies. We have provided instructions and a QR code to allow for easy access. Read More... Khronos Releases New OpenXR Tutorial February 27, 2024 openxr, training The Khronos Group has released a free OpenXR Tutorial, designed to guide software developers through every step of creating an OpenXR application using Windows, Linux or Android. This web-based tutorial, produced by the OpenXR Working Group, is packed with detailed instructions, downloadable archives, and example code snippets to support developers as they set up an OpenXR development environment, connect to their preferred graphics API, and incorporate interactivity, extensions, and other advanced features. Read More... Khronos OpenXR Working Group: Reflections and the Path Ahead February 20, 2024 openxr In this blog, OpenXR Working Group Chair Alfredo Muniz, reflects on the last year of OpenXR development within the Khronos Working Group, including updates to the specification, the release of myriad extensions to support the latest XR developments, plus an ever-evolving suite of tools that has kept OpenXR at the forefront of cross-platform XR innovation. Alfredo also provides a glimpse of what the XR community can look forward to in 2024. Read More... Software in the Public Interest announces Apple M1 and M2 as being OpenGL 4.6 Conformant February 15, 2024 opengles, opengl Software in the Public Interest, Inc. Software in the Public Interest announces full OpenGL 4.6 and OpenGL ES 3.2 conformance on the latest Apple M1/M2-series drivers. New feature include: robustness, SPIR-V, clip control, cull distance, compute shaders, upgraded transform feedback, and more! Read More... Take Part in the 2024 Vulkan Ecosystem & SDK Survey February 1, 2024 vulkan LunarG, Inc. The 2024 LunarG Vulkan Ecosystem and SDK Survey is now Open! Please share your feedback by taking the LunarG annual anonymous developer’s survey. Both LunarG and the Khronos Vulkan Working Group collect this data to drive 2024 investments. Your participation is crucial to this process! The survey results will be tabulated and shared with the Vulkan community. At the end of 2024, LunarG will report on what actions were taken and what results were achieved. Thank you from LunarG and the Khronos Vulkan Working Group! Read More... all news tell us your news subscribe Membership, Conformance and Khronos Blogs. Skip to the Khronos events section Members Khronos members are individuals, companies and academic institutes from around the world shaping the standards that are driving the world. Membership About Khronos Conformance See which companies and products have implemented Khronos standards and have passed the conformance tests. Conformant Products API Adopters Khronos Blog Khronos Releases New OpenXR Tutorial Khronos OpenXR Working Group: Reflections and the Path Ahead Khronos Releases AV1 Decode in Vulkan Video with SDK Support for H.264/H.265 Encode Visit Khronos Blog Khronos videos, presentations, and upcoming events. Skip to the Khronos Quick Links section Presentations and Videos SIGGRAPH Asia 2023 Standardizing Body Attachment Points for 3D Commerce Virtual Try On WebGL + WebGPU Meetup - November 2023 Let's Get Moving: Adding Physics to glTF Blender Conference 2023 The State of 3D Asset Interoperability using USD and glTF BOF glTF Complex Scenes & Interactivity Web3D 2023 Geometry, Textures, and Workflow - Optimizing glTF Exploring the Artistic Frontier: Unleashing Creativity in 3D Models with glTF and PBR All presentations Upcoming Events March 18th March 20th April 8th April 23rd All events Khronos quick links. Skip to the Khronos footer of the website List of Khronos Quick Links Page footer starts here. Return to main content 9450 SW Gemini Drive #45043 Beaverton, OR 97008-6018 USA Office: +1 (415) 869-8627 sign up for our newsletter Diversity & Inclusion Legal Notices Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Trademark Usage Language : EN CN JP KR © The Khronos® Group Inc. 2024. All rights reserved. Hosting provided by DigitalOcean Khronos® and Vulkan® are registered trademarks, and ANARI™, WebGL™, glTF™, KTX™, NNEF™, OpenVX™, SPIR™, SPIR-V™, SYCL™, OpenVG™, Karamos™ and 3D Commerce™ are trademarks of The Khronos Group Inc. OpenXR™ is a trademark owned by The Khronos Group Inc. and is registered as a trademark in China, the European Union, Japan and the United Kingdom. OpenCL™ is a trademark of Apple Inc. and OpenGL® is a registered trademark and the OpenGL ES™ and OpenGL SC™ logos are trademarks of Hewlett Packard Enterprise used under license by Khronos. All other product names, trademarks, and/or company names are used solely for identification and belong to their respective owners. devilish