The Daily Dot | Your Internet. Your Internet news. Skip to content Trending Tech Politics Pop Culture Memes Labor Hacks TikTok About About Us Contact Jobs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Trending Tech Politics Pop Culture Memes Labor Hacks TikTok About About Us Contact Jobs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Newsletter The Frontline of Online Newsletter: Sued for kickstarting the robot apocalypse Subscribe to web_crawlr to get the best and worst of the internet in your inbox everyday. On Mar 4, 2024 by Kira Deshler Trending ‘Clearly some people haven’t worked commission-based jobs’: Car salesman slams customers who try to get more off when they are losing money on deal 'At this point my commission is a high five.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Phil West Trending ‘Gotta save money somehow’: Viewers divided after couple shares how they save money while eating out at restaurant 'I’m sure you love making the server run back and forth for refills.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Natasha Dubash Trending ‘My hands really be trembling’: Worker calls out sick, wakes up to boss at the foot of her bed 'This is a nightmare man...' On Mar 4, 2024 by Stacy Fernandez Trending ‘Cash is no longer king’: Expert shares 5 things to never say at car dealership if you want to get a good deal ' I said all of these at the same time. ugh...' On Mar 4, 2024 by Beau Paul Trending ‘$875 a month should have been your first red flag’: Woman warns against Ziprent after what happened to her 5 days after signing lease 'I'm completely heartbroken.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Tiffanie Drayton Trending ‘I order online.. they can’t say no’: McDonald’s customer gets told ice cream machines are broken. So he lies and says he’s a ‘secret shopper’ 'I've gotten [it] every time.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Jack Alban Trending ‘Nah that’s a piece of their brown bread’: Customer flames the ‘impossible steak’ at Outback Steakhouse. Viewers are suspicious 'It's called the impossible steak because it's impossible to eat.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Melody Heald Trending Google engineers tossed from tech conference for protesting company’s contracts with Israel A journalist was also kicked out after posting a video of the disruption. On Mar 4, 2024 by Marlon Ettinger Tech ‘That sounds like your problem’: Customer answers phone at Walmart since no workers are around to ‘How to get banned from a corporate chain.’ On Mar 4, 2024 by Maya Wray Trending ‘dox by default’: Musk’s new calling feature for X automatically reveals personal info Users shared a quick fix. On Mar 4, 2024 by Marlon Ettinger Tech Popular ‘Minecraft’ server by YouTuber Quackity explodes in controversy after moderators revolt Moderators say they were underpaid and overworked. On Mar 4, 2024 by Steven Asarch Passionfruit ‘The Chevy Cruze after 2018 are OK’: Used car salesman reveals 5 makes and models to avoid 'Stay away from that vehicle if you don't know how to maintain a vehicle.' On Mar 4, 2024 by Phil West Trending Elon Musk blames Brazil for misgendering policy change that outraged far-right American influencers are still free to do as they please. On Mar 4, 2024 by Tricia Crimmins Tech ‘Are we staying in this darkness?’: Emily Dickinson and Taylor Swift are related. Fans are finding strange connections between their work 'Who was more of a tortured poet than Emily Dickinson?' On Mar 4, 2024 by Grace Fowler Trending John Fetterman’s meme mocking voters calling for ceasefire in Palestine draws outrage: ‘Such a disappointment’ Fetterman trolls again. On Mar 4, 2024 by Katherine Huggins Tech Featured Local Savings