The Artifice | www.the-artifice.com FilmTVAnimationAnimeMangaComicsGamesLiteratureArtsWriting X Film TV Animation Anime Manga Comics Games Literature Arts Writing Posts Topics Login Sign Up Like 3,668,459 likes Follow Subscribe Subreddit RSS Feed Popular Posts 1 Male-Female Friendships in Anime: Can We Really Be Just Friends? 2 Corner Office: The Danger of the Isolation Time Out Features in Video Games and the Effect Too Much Screen Time Has on Gamers Classic Literature’s “Infinity Girls” How Kingdom Hearts Handles Trauma and Resilience Reinventing Beth March Villains of the Shrek Universe: From Nursery Rhymes to the Grim Reaper Lovecraft & Racism Laika and the Power of Eyes: A Soul’s Quest for Self-Possession Disney Protagonists and the Seven Deadly Sins Politics in the BioShock Franchise From Mythology to the MCU: Egyptian and Norse Inside America’s Fascination with Witches The Unsung Hero of the British Office Social Commentary in The Office Disney Heroines and Gaslighting Fantasy Writing in the Age of Reason to Today A Cinematic Journey Through Time Fantasy Writing and The Middle Ages to The Renaissance Men Written by Women: Dreamboats or Brutes? Celebrating, Analyzing, and Resurrecting Fillmore! Fantasy Writing and Classical Antiquity Demystifying Franz Kafka Are Disability and Death Inextricable? Apex and Abyss: A Thematic Analysis Roland Barthes: Love as a Language Featured Articles Anime 41 Male-Female Friendships in Anime: Can We Really Be Just Friends?Anime as an art form has long been criticized for its portrayal of female characters; in examining both historical and... lavenderhatchet Feb 19 Film 46 Alienation in “There will be Blood”Capitalism is an ever growing maw, that takes from nature and hordes for itself. Mark Fisher, author of Capitalist Realism... Sunni Ago Feb 6 Comics 60 Superman, Alienation, and EvilSuperman was one of the world's first superheroes and, to this day, he remains one of the greatest of all... noahspud Jan 25 Games 61 Time Out Features in Video Games and the Effect Too Much Screen Time Has on GamersVideo games provide hours of entertainment, with single player, open world games being around quadruple the size of games released... Siothrún Jan 18 Film 47 Nuclear Nightmares in Film and Preventing Eventual ArmageddonIn 1984, Threads was released and viewed by audiences across the United States and Britain. The film follows the events... Elpis1988 Jan 9 Anime 46 Demon Slayer — The Silent Oppression of NezukoFemale anime characters often face silencing, demonization, and objectification. Nezuko's story is a stark illustration of this. Given Nezuko's pivotal... Beatrix Kondo Jan 4 Literature 101 Classic Literature’s “Infinity Girls”As author Sarah Clarkson put it, women who love books today had childhoods wherein they were considered "book girls." These... Stephanie M. Dec 26, 2023 Writing 52 Is the Pen Mightier Than the Keyboard?In one’s mind, stories are often a weightless, windblown force. They are half-ideas, plot fragments, the sunned profile of a... mmclaughlin102 Dec 19, 2023 More FeaturesLatestLatest Topics 8 15 hours ago filmmovie adaptations Write this topic The Accuracy of Book-To-Movie AdaptationsBook-to-movie films (and—more regularly, now—shows) are especially common in young adult franchises such as The Maze Runner, The Hunger Games, and Divergent. The first three Harry Potter films are some of the most beloved book-to-movie adaptations in history. The latter movies, while successful in other regards, were criticised (especially by book purists) for cutting out, altering, or ignoring large chunks of the source material. I have heard several fans say that they would watch a Harry Potter reboot if it was a high-budget streaming show that adapted each chapter into an episode, with the dialogue and plots and sub-plots remaining exactly the same as the books. Whether this would ever be done remains to be seen,Movies face an issue in that they are limited in run-time. While there are long movie adaptations out there (The Lord of the Rings is a prime example), more commonly, they are cut to fit at a little over 2 hours. They prioritise entertainment and a streamlined story. Books can vary in length to a great degree—the first Harry Potter book was around 77,000 words while the fifth (the longest) was around 257,000. Yet the fifth movie (2hrs and 18 minutes long) was actually shorter than the first (2 hours and 32 minutes long). The movie arguably benefited from cutting much of the meat of the book, at least from an entertainment perspective, if not from a story and world perspective.How important is it for the plot to be accurately represented in films, given that they are, indeed, adaptations of the source material and not direct translations? Is it enough for the characters and world to be represented with care and detail? Are fans right in complaining about inaccuracy and missing scenes in book-to-movie adaptations? What are some examples of book-to-movie adaptations done well, and done poorly?The different approaches to book adaptations and the merits or detriments of shifting the medium of a story would definitely be an interesting topic. Another possible aspect of the topic would be the question of whether a movie or an episodic show is the most effective format, whether this is case specific, and what sort of plots and subplots lend themselves to short or long form cinema. – Quodlibet 1 year ago 1 Movies and books are two extremely different mediums with unique characteristics, potential benefits, and potential barriers. Consider this example: In the book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, there are several significant internal monologues. In my opinion, one of the most substantial ones is Alice's internal monologue while questioning her own identity (inside the rabbit hole); however, I was unable to locate a single movie that featured this internal monologue. In a novel, a character could typically have an internal monologue for a whole chapter, or even more, but in a movie, it would be disastrous. In light of this, I believe the questions to be asked are: Which elements should be removed in order to make room for the new medium? What elements need to be modified to take advantage of the new medium's potential? etc. The issue is not whether there should or shouldn't be disparities between the two - because there will always be disparities between the two; rather, it is how to implement these contrasts without compromising the book's basic concepts and takeaways. – Samer Darwich 1 year ago 1 The benefits of a series format compared with that of a film would definitely be an interesting topic. In my opinion one of the interesting examples to explore would be the adaptation of philip pulman's series 'his dark materials' and how the movie compares to the HBO series. Whils both effectively translate the novels into another format, both fail where the other succeeds. For example the HBO series is more detailed and has better pacing whereas the movie has a tone that is similar to that of the books. Another example is all quiet on the western front which has been adapted into a television sereis and two different movies, the most recent havign been released this year. I'm sure some interesting comparisons can be drawn between the different adaptations that would help furthere develop this topic. – Matilda 1 year ago 1 The debate of making a successful book to movie adaptation is great to engage in. There first needs to be an acknowledgement that there ate two different mediums and depending how abstract or explicit, its down to directors' and writers interpretation the book. – ml22370 1 year ago 1 I think that books do more intense and detailed descriptions of the story. But the adaptation of a book to the movie is really good as not all can read books but most people watch movies tho! – dancingnumbers 1 year ago 1 I think the recreation of famous stories in film can be a really beautiful thing and gives more options of accessibility for a wide range of audiences. Although I can agree that film adaptations can be missing the "spark" of the novel, there will always be different versions that exist. A recording of an audiobook with a different voice actor than the original recording will have nuances and tone that transform the story, just as a movie will create a slight variation of the original tale. Within these changed adaptations we can add new, modern factors to elevate relatability and relevance to modern society, such as increasing diversity (which is always a good thing). – tayloremily29 1 year ago 1 Add Note Add Note 3 2 days ago artsMonkeys Write this topic Primate Representation in MediaThis topic is concerned with the representation of non-human primates, especially great apes, in television, cinema, music, and more. This topic isn’t necessarily concerned with the quantity of primate representation as much as it is the quality; how they are represented in relation to humans, in relation to their endangerment, habitat loss, mistreatment, evolution, intelligence…etc. Some examples of primate media representation one might consider are: The chimp in Jordan Peele’s "Nope," The Planet of the Apes franchise, meme culture…etc. Writers in this topic would be exploring how the current attitudes towards our closest taxonomic relatives is embedded either blatantly or within the subtext of modern media, or how these attitudes have changed overtime. In the Planet of the Apes example, one might write about humanity’s ability to share our planet, or even consider sharing our planet, and what qualities of life are required in a species for us to even begin to consider sharing resources. Just about any example will require writers to discuss the prevalence, or the rare absences, of speciesism in our culture.More details for the person who will write this topic would be much appreciated ;) – Beatrix Kondo 3 weeks ago 1 Could you clarify what you're looking for the writer to explore? – Sunni Ago 3 weeks ago 1 Regarding the Planet of the Apes franchise, one could consider the representation from the 1968 film in comparison to the more modern films as a bit of a possible starting point. – Siothrún 3 weeks ago 1 Add Note Add Note 9 3 days ago animeAnime Write this topic Anime Tropes that Repel ViewersA look at a few anime tropes that might make the genre inaccessible for newcomers and ones give the genre the reputation of being for teens and adolescents. Are there good examples of Anime that avoid these tropes, or anime that subvert the tropes?Fantastic topic because I think it opens up discussion about what preconceptions about anime newcomers often find to be true through repetition of these tropes and how they are avoided. – AdilYoosuf 6 years ago 2 I agree with AdilYoosuf, though I have to admit to having a bias in favour of anime as a storytelling medium. I've often found that when trying to explain the reasons why I enjoyed the Haruhi Suzumiya anime series and film (subtitled not dubbed) that as soon as I mention the words 'teenager' and 'school' the shutters descend. I think one of the problems is that westerners in particular tend to have grown up watching cartoons on TV so presume anime is no different and won't give it a chance. As for good examples that subvert, or even invert, tropes then I would have to suggest Satoshi Kon's excellent series 'Paranoia Agent' and Kyoto Animation's 'The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya' (to name but a few) as both subvert genres and tropes whilst demanding the viewer thinks for him/herself. Anyway, you have my approval for your suggested topic. – Amyus 6 years ago 4 Add Note Add Note 2 1 week ago filmStar Wars Write this topic Anakin Skywalker vs Darth Vader: Character Development in ReverseMany Star Wars fans consider Anakin Skywalker effectively a different character from Darth Vader. However, analyzing Anakin’s character progression from Jedi to Sith can be very interesting, especially depending on viewing order. For fans of the original trilogy, the prequels’ portrayal of Anakin may have been startling. On the other hand, a chronological viewing, especially one that includes the Clone Wars series, may depict a slow but steady character arc for young Skywalker with a tragic but inevitable conclusion.Compare and contrast the two characters. What traits of Anakin’s remain in Darth Vader, and how are they portrayed differently? Where do we see traits of Darth Vader peeking through in Anakin during the prequel era? Does this change how we see other heroes and villains, like Luke Skywalker or Kylo Ren, and even characters from other franchises?Regarding the aspects of Luke and Kylo, it might be useful to look at things that used to be canon in Star Wars, but are no longer. What comes to mind is the comic that likely inspired the Ben Solo in the new trilogy. – Siothrún 2 weeks ago 2 Add Note Add Note 4 1 month ago artsBTS Write this topic A Decade of BTS: Celebrating Achievements, Impact, and Cultural ContributionsThis topic invites writers to reflect on the first decade anniversary of BTS, one of the most influential K-pop groups globally. Explore and celebrate their journey, from debut to global stardom, and analyze the key milestones and achievements that have defined their success. Delve into BTS’s impact on the music industry, cultural landscape, and fandom culture worldwide. Examine their advocacy work, including social and mental health issues, and discuss how BTS has transcended traditional K-pop boundaries. Reflect on their unique approach to music, storytelling, and the use of social media, and explore the ways in which they have redefined the dynamics of fan engagement. Additionally, consider the challenges faced by BTS and how they have navigated the complexities of fame and global influence over the past ten years.I know absolutely nothing about BTS but from my general understanding their success in the last ten years has catalyzed a growing awareness and appreciation for Korean music (even more broadly, Korean culture) in America (and other nations, I'm sure) in a way not too dissimilar to the Beatles era dubbed the British Invasion. I think a comparison of these two influences could be interesting. – Ryan 3 weeks ago 3 Add Note Add Note 4 1 month ago Web-VideosWeb Video Trends Analysis Write this topic Shifts in YouTube and the Rise of Short Video Media Like TikTokFollowing the departure of the creator of channels The Game Theorists, Film Theorists, Food Theorists, and Style Theorists, MatPat, from YouTube, there has been discussion about the changes of YouTube’s platform and if viewers of the platform are going to see other long-standing YouTubers leave. In MatPat’s goodbye video, he references other YouTubers who have decided to leave the platform and notes that "the platform is changing". We have also seen the trend of short-style videos in the vein of TikTok rise in popularity. The topic taker should address what changes they see taking place, possibly using the host of recent goodbye videos as a jumping off point, for the web-video platforms and analyze what those trends might mean for others looking to get into the content creation space.The topic taker is free to include the psychological impact of content creation, especially with the constant stream of short-form videos, has on a person. In addition, the topic taker can compare and contrast the platforms of YouTube and TikTok on multiple levels, such as monetization strategies and algorithms if they wish in order to predict where the trends might be going and indicate what those trends suggest for viewers and creators alike.MatPat’s Farwell: (link) Add Note Add Note 3 1 month ago tvContent Write this topic Content-Creation vs. Art?As we’ve seen in ‘Star Wars’ and, more recently, ‘The Lord of the Rings’, television adaptations are entering an age in which a story and its characters can be explored ad nauseam without the input of the original author/creator (whether the creator died or sold rights, or whether copyright expired). We can conceivably imagine, then, ‘Star Wars’ films coming out years, even decades from now, even though the mind of George Lucas is no longer involved. I guess I have a number of questions: What are the pros and cons of such "content-creation" (i.e. franchises maintained by a company — whose primary goal is profit) versus "art" (or, the subjective, personal production of one or a small group of individuals, limited by their time commitments and lifespan). Is there an argument to be made that ‘Star Wars’ should finally be "completed", and left alone like a painting? Or is content the new art, for better or for worse?I feel like the MCU Phase 4 and onward falls victim to this question, and might provide a third aspect to examine as well. – Siothrún 3 weeks ago 1 Add Note Add Note 4 1 month ago comicsSuperheroes Write this topic Are Superheroes Fantasy or Science Fiction?Superhero stories are filled with fantasy tropes: wizards, knights in shining armor, dragons and other monsters, gods of various mythologies, and so on. Meanwhile, many superhero and supervillain origin stories seem like science fiction premises (mutated DNA, aliens, and so on). Most superpowers, even the ones that are supposedly based on science, defy science to the point where they would be indistinguishable from magic in a fantasy setting. Consider the characteristics that differentiate the Fantasy Genre from the Science Fiction Genre. Then consider the central characteristics of superhero stories – Marvel, DC Comics, Invincible, pick your favorite – and analyze whether they fall more on one side or the other. If some superheroes belong to one genre and some belong to another, what happens when those superheroes team up with each other? What are the implications of which genre superheroes "belong to"? Does this affect the future of superhero stories?I'd consider seeing if superheroes might fall into an in-between category like science fantasy as well. – Siothrún 3 weeks ago 1 Add Note Add NoteMore TopicsFilmCorner Office: The Danger of the IsolationClick: A Tragic Tale Exploring the Importance of FamilyAlienation in “There will be Blood”Nuclear Nightmares in Film and Preventing Eventual Armageddon More Film TVMystic Pop-Up Bar: Unearthing This Underrated GemHow Andor Uses Audio to Explore Oppression and RebellionFrom Mythology to the MCU: Egyptian and NorseBridgerton’s Reimagining of Regency Society More TV AnimationSuperman vs. The Elite: What is Justice?Villains of the Shrek Universe: From Nursery Rhymes to the Grim ReaperLaika and the Power of Eyes: A Soul’s Quest for Self-PossessionDisney Protagonists and the Seven Deadly Sins More Animation AnimeMale-Female Friendships in Anime: Can We Really Be Just Friends?Demon Slayer — The Silent Oppression of NezukoHallyu & Anime: A More Than Welcome Ongoing Love StoryPerfect Blue: The Horror of Being Idolised More Anime MangaOne-Punch Man’s Saitama: The Alienation of a HeroVagabond: Beautiful Lessons in Takehiko Inoue’s MangaExploring the impact of social medias through Helter Skelter and Black Mirror’s NosediveBerserk, Sisyphus, and The Indomitable Human Spirit More Manga ComicsSuperman, Alienation, and EvilWhy Don’t Superheroes Change the World?Continuity and Connectivity in Comic Book MoviesComics in Education: Benefits and attitudes More Comics Literature1984: What Does it Tell us About The Purpose of Life?Classic Literature’s “Infinity Girls”Reinventing Beth MarchPoe’s Horror: Reading “The Fall of The House of Usher” More Literature ArtsThe Creative Industries in Bangladesh: The Case of Coke Studio Bangla’s “Deora”Japan: Art, Eroticism, and ReligionWhy Should We Separate Real Art From NFTs of the Bored Ape Yacht Club Type?Tehching Hsieh: The Experience of Time and Duration in Performance Art More Arts WritingIs the Pen Mightier Than the Keyboard?Whump And Its Role Outside of FandomMovement and Location: A Brief Comment on Meaning in the Literary ExperienceWriting About Place More Writing The Artifice is an online magazine that covers a wide spectrum of art forms. It operates independently with the writers collaboratively building and maintaining the platform. → Sign up → Why join us? Home About Write for us Writers Logo Privacy Policy Login Contact The Artifice is a long-form writing platform that covers a wide spectrum of art forms. vTubie vTubie is the biggest site in existence for Virtual YouTubers. AbridgedSeries Abridged Series is the leading platform for parodies of anime and connecting media. FullNovels Full Novels provides updates on the latest English translations of Asian novels. Covering the latest news about gaming, anime, and movies with the bits you care about.