Mountain Goat Software Scrum & Agile Training Certified Scrum Training 2-day certification classes User Stories & Story Writing Capture user needs and deliver value Estimating & Planning Create reliable plans and estimates Mentoring & Coaching Tailored support for agile teams On-Demand Video Training Instant, streaming access to courses Private Training Customized training for agile teams View All Courses Which Course is Right for Me? Compare Courses SEUs and PDUs Agile Resources New to Agile and Scrum Scrum User Stories Estimating with Story Points Planning Poker Agile Software Development Agile Project Management Agile Presentations Mountain Goat on YouTube Agile Mentors Podcast GoatBot Q&A Tool Elements of Agile Assessment About Us About Mountain Goat Software Meet the Team Our Students Contact Us Our Blog Training Schedule Sign in Scrum and Agile Training Certified Scrum Training User Stories & Story Writing Estimating & Planning Mentoring & Coaching On-Demand Video Training View All Courses Private Training Which Course is Right for Me? Compare Courses SEUs and PDUs Agile Resources New to Agile and Scrum Scrum User Stories Estimating with Story Points Planning Poker Agile Software Development Agile Project Management Agile Presentations Mountain Goat on YouTube Agile Mentors Podcast GoatBot Q&A Tool Elements of Agile Assessment About Us About Mountain Goat Software Meet the Team Our Students Contact Us Sign in to your courses Get Weekly Email Tips Our Courses Training Schedule Blog Search the site: Browse topics Browse these topics: estimating product backlog product owner sprints user stories Online and in-person training to help you succeed with agile Live, online Scrum certification classes, short-course video training, and free downloadable resources to take your agile team from good to great. See all online training options Learn About Agile Explore our courses and topics below to find practical and actionable advice, tips and guidance from Mike Cohn for creating high-performing teams. Get Started: New to Agile? Whether you're introducing agile or Scrum to your organization or want to make good teams great, we can help you succeed with agile. Learn more For Individuals: Find the Right Course We've helped tens of thousands of people succeed with agile. Let us help find the training right for you. Learn more For companies: Train Your Team Participating as a team means you can provide group training in a cost-effective manner designed to maximize shared learning. Learn more Featured Course: Better User Stories Overcome the challenge of writing user stories to join the ranks of high-performing agile teams, deliver the right products to market, and delight your customers. Learn more See what people are saying about Mike Cohn and Mountain Goat Software » Learn About Agile New to Agile and Scrum? Scrum User Stories Estimating with Story Points Planning Poker Agile Software Development Agile Project Management Agile Presentations Mountain Goat on YouTube Agile Mentors Podcast Elements of Agile Assessment Agile & Scrum Training Online & In-Person Certifications On-Demand Video Courses Private On-Site Courses Training Schedule Compare Courses PDUs and SEUs More… About Us Contact Us Our Students Blog Books by Mike Cohn Events Featuring Mike Cohn Agile Tools GoatBot Q&A Tool Get Weekly Email Tips Copyright ©1998-2024 Mountain Goat Software. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Commenting Policy JavaScript is disabled. Library was not loaded.