The Yale Law Journal - Home PRINT ARCHIVE FORUM SUBMISSIONS MASTHEAD ABOUT CONTACT CONTACT YLJ ALUMNI SUBSCRIPTIONS Article The Unabridged Fifteenth Amendment Travis Crum The Fifteenth Amendment is usually an afterthought compared to the Fourteenth Amendment. This oversight is perplexing: the Fifteenth Amendment ushered in a brief period of multiracial democracy and laid the constitutional foundation for the VRA. This Article completes the historical record, providing an unabridged accounting of the Fifteenth Amendment’s adoption. 29 Feb 2024 Constitutional Law • Legal History • Civil-Rights Law • Antidiscrimination Law Essay Banking and Antitrust Saule T. Omarova & Graham S. Steele This Essay seeks to recover the deeply rooted connection between U.S. banking law and antitrust. It reconceptualizes banking law as a sector-specific antimonopoly regime that imposes multiple structural constraints on publicly subsidized banks’ ability to abuse their power over the supply and allocation of financial resources in a democratic economy. 29 Feb 2024 Banking Law • Antitrust Law Feature Churching NIMBYs: Creating Affordable Housing on Church Property Patrick E. Reidy, C.S.C. Faith communities across the United States are creating affordable housing on church property. Where sincerely held religious belief inspires their efforts, faith communities can assert religious liberty protections against land-use decisions that obstruct denser, multifamily developments. Legislative reforms can help them overcome the regulatory and financial hurdles of adaptive reuse. 29 Feb 2024 Housing Law • Property Note “Trying to Save the White Man’s Soul”: Perpetually Convergent Interests and Racial Subjugation M. Broderick Johnson The assumption that remedying racial inequality benefits only people of color while being costly to White people underlies many Supreme Court decisions. White people benefit spiritually and democratically from racial equality. Recognizing these benefits warrants a new theory of interest convergence and offers a promising path toward racial equality. 29 Feb 2024 Civil-Rights Law • Critical Race Theory • Education Law • Constitutional Law RECENT Forum What It Takes to Write Statutes that Hold the Firearms Industry Accountable to Civil Justice Heidi Li Feldman This Essay defends statutes creating public nuisance and consumer protection causes of action against firearms industry actors for their failure to take reasonable measures to control the flow of their products to criminal users. Such laws are predicate statutes under PLCAA and do not infringe the Second Amendment. 27 Feb 2024 Second Amendment • Torts Forum An Expansive View of “Federal Financial Assistance” Shariful Khan Thanks to an ambiguity in civil-rights statutes passed under Congress’s spending power, many programs enjoy ample financial benefits while avoiding the requirements of federal antidiscrimination laws. This Essay argues that the remedy lies in a statutory reading that aligns with the expansive nature of the civil-rights statutes themselves. 26 Feb 2024 Antidiscrimination Law Collection State and Local Corruption After Percoco and Ciminelli 15 Nov 2023 Criminal Law • Federalism • Local Government Forum Against Bankruptcy: Public Litigation Values Versus the Endless Quest for Global Peace in Mass Litigation Abbe R. Gluck, Elizabeth Chamblee Burch & Adam S. Zimmerman For the first time in years, in the Purdue Pharma opioids litigation, the Court is reviewing an unorthodox bankruptcy maneuver aimed at securing global settlement. This Essay critiques corporate defendants’ increasingly common turn to bankruptcy to shut down, or avoid altogether, complex civil litigation and the public goods it generates. 09 Feb 2024 Bankruptcy Forum “We Do No Such Thing”: 303 Creative v. Elenis and the Future of First Amendment Challenges to Public Accommodations Laws David Cole In 303 Creative v. Elenis, the Supreme Court ruled that a business had a right to refuse to design a wedding website for a same-sex couple. But properly understood, the decision’s parameters are narrow, and the decision should have minimal effect on public accommodations laws. 29 Jan 2024 Antidiscrimination Law • Constitutional Law • First Amendment • Gender and Sexual Orientation Forum The End of Asylum Redux and the Role of Law School Clinics Elora Mukherjee The Biden Administration has perpetuated many of the prior administration’s hostile policies undermining access to asylum at the southern border. This Essay first examines these policies and then identifies emerging opportunities for law school clinics to address these new challenges, including by serving asylum seekers south of the U.S.-Mexico border. 04 Dec 2023 Immigration Law Featured Content Collection Lock Them™ Up: Holding Transnational Corporate Human-Rights Abusers Accountable In the increasingly globalized modern economy, large corporate actors have long operated with relative impunity for transnational human-rights abuses committed in the name of profit maximization. This Collection explores perspectives from a range of voices engaged in the fight for corporate accountability in both the United States and abroad. 22 Dec 2022 Human Rights Law • International Law Collection Administrative Law at a Turning Point Administrative law faces a critical juncture. Settled doctrines ranging from deference to agency interpretations of statutes to delegations of executive power have been destabilized. And earlier this year, Justice Breyer—himself an administrative-law scholar—retired from the Supreme Court. We publish this Collection as a tribute to his judicial legacy. 21 Nov 2022 Administrative Law Collection Law and Movements: Clinical Perspectives As law-school clinics assume a growing role in legal education, instructors, students, and community partners have used clinics to test novel, sometimes radical lawyering approaches. This Collection draws from those experiments, using case studies from family defense, immigration, and worker rights to explore the relationship between law and social movements. 18 Nov 2022 Family Law • Immigration Law NEWS 25 Jan 2024 Announcing the Editors of Volume 134 12 Sep 2023 Announcing the First-Year Editors of Volume 133 23 Apr 2023 Announcing the Seventh Annual Student Essay Competition 04 Apr 2023 Special Issue on State and Local Governance older news > Subscription Contact Terms of Use Privacy Statement Member Login Copyright © 2024 The Yale Law Journal. All rights reserved. Design by Point Five. Built by Tierra Innovation.