Marketing Week | marketing news, opinion, trends and jobs News Insight Opinion Knowledge Bank Festival of Marketing Marketing Week Awards Mini MBA All sections LoginAbout/BuySearchMenu Opinion Uncategorized There’s one true measure of marketing effectiveness: Marketing(t) Mark Ritson Time is the variable that most defines marketing success, because consistent growth is the truest test of a brand and its team. 5 Mar 2024 9:06 am News Uncategorized Undervalued: The importance of marketing strategy is being missed by businesses, marketers say Josh Stephenson The fundamentals of marketing – strategy and brand management – continue to be considered by marketers as not fully valued by businesses. 5 Mar 2024 2:57 pm News Uncategorized ‘Playing offence’: Birds Eye owner on its strategy for volume growth in 2024 Niamh Carroll Having grown revenue through price increases last year, Nomad Foods is stepping up its marketing investment and innovation to return to volume growth. 5 Mar 2024 5:10 pm News Uncategorized Greggs credits dual focus on broadening appeal and availability for 20% sales uplift Niamh Carroll Greggs increased sales by almost 20% in 2023, as it focused on making its brand “mean more to more people” as well as increasing its availability through new stores and extended opening hours. 5 Mar 2024 12:54 pm Analysis Uncategorized ‘On the backburner’: Marketing leaders on tackling the upskilling imperative Josh Stephenson Nearly half of marketers haven’t been offered the opportunity to upskill, compounding an existing skills problem and piling increasing pressure on teams. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 5 Mar 2024 7:00 am Analysis Uncategorized B2B brand building lessons learnt when things didn’t go to plan Michaela Jefferson Five B2B marketers share the lessons they learned when things didn’t work out, which can often be even more valuable than the successes. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 5 Mar 2024 6:27 am News Uncategorized Marketers point to data analysis as biggest skills gap in teams, survey says Josh Stephenson Marketers continue to believe that a lack of data and analytics is the biggest skills gap in their teams for the second year running. But with upskilling becoming rarer and recruitment still slow; a solution to the problem remains out of reach. 4 Mar 2024 7:11 am Analysis Uncategorized One children’s clothing brand on assembling an all-female marketing team Josh Stephenson Few brands are growing their marketing teams, and all-female functions are rarer still. While PatPat’s lead marketer Ranu Coleman didn’t intend for it to be an all-female team, there have been some unexpected benefits. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 1 Mar 2024 10:33 am Analysis Uncategorized How to create better campaigns more quickly Andy Wilson Using the right tools to simplify the creative process can make the difference in delivering effective, timely campaigns, now that teams can work together from anywhere. Sponsored by Dropbox 16 Jan 2024 9:00 am Budgeting matters News, views and insight on budgeting and planning Read more Language of Effectiveness Analysis of our survey into marketing effectiveness Read more The Agenda Analysis of the key moments of 2023 and trends for the year ahead Read more LatestMore Cartoon Uncategorized Marketoonist on SEO content Tom Fishburne Tom Fishburne is founder of Marketoon Studios. Follow his work at marketoonist.com or on Twitter @tomfishburne See more of the Marketoonist here 5 Mar 2024 11:35 am News Uncategorized Job security, retail footfall, promotional spending: 5 interesting stats to start your week Niamh Carroll We arm you with all the numbers you need to tackle the week ahead. 4 Mar 2024 3:27 pm Opinion Uncategorized Fear and flattery from your agency partners will get you both nowhere Robin Bonn Having conditioned your agencies for deference, they now favour flattery over frankness. This harms your interests as much as it does theirs. 4 Mar 2024 7:05 am News Uncategorized Promotional perils and B2B excellence: Your Marketing Week Russell Parsons At the end of every week, we look at the key stories, offering our view on what they mean for you and the industry. From Halfords issuing a profit warning to the gold standard in B2B brand building, it’s been a busy week. Here is my take. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 1 Mar 2024 4:54 pm Opinion Uncategorized More data does not always mean more effective marketing Jerry Daykin Media buying is trending towards hyper-personalisation, but sometimes broader targeting through high-quality media will reach more potential customers. 1 Mar 2024 7:10 am News Uncategorized ‘A completely deep strategy’: Mastercard’s Raja Rajamannar on valuing consistency Molly Innes As Mastercard marks 26 years partnering with the Brits, marketing boss Raja Rajamannar discusses consistency, sonic branding and why Generative AI requires serious thought. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 1 Mar 2024 7:00 am Analysis Uncategorized ‘Coming to mind is critical’: Top B2B marketers on research and category entry points Michaela Jefferson In the third installment of our series looking at what it takes to build B2B brands effectively, marketing leaders from KPMG, Vodafone Business and EY share their thoughts on research and category entry points. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 1 Mar 2024 6:41 am News Uncategorized Marketing Week Awards 2024 is open for entries Marketing Week Reporters Marketing Week’s annual celebration of effectiveness, creativity and innovation returns, with a stellar jury of senior marketers lined up to determine the winners. 29 Feb 2024 4:58 pm Focus OnTeam structures Analysis Uncategorized ‘If you’re not in one, you’re probably about to be’: Why are so many marketing teams restructuring? Molly Innes You’re not alone if your team is changing – almost half of marketers experienced restructuring last year. And if you weren’t part of the 46.5% in 2023, you probably will be soon. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 19 Feb 2024 6:54 am 1 Comment Opinion Uncategorized Are we witnessing the end of the CMO? No, and stop asking Mark Ritson Marketers should cease pontificating about the validity of CMOs and their time in post, and start focusing on how to do the job better. 19 Jan 2024 7:00 am Analysis Uncategorized How investing in ‘cross-functional’ talent helps Weetabix stay on top Josh Stephenson Weetabix is a brand that has been unafraid to experiment with its marketing team structure and allow talent to move across business functions, something which marketing director Francesca Theokli says sets it apart. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 22 Aug 2023 7:05 am Analysis Uncategorized Is 100% alignment between B2B sales and marketing teams truly possible? Matthew Valentine There’s many reasons why greater alignment between the sales and marketing team can improve business outcomes. But how far should these go? And how can B2B marketers find the right balance? Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 19 Feb 2024 6:56 am OpinionMore Opinion Uncategorized Win over the board with an earthquake – and then a climax Secret Marketer The professionalisation of marketing has brought many benefits – but that innate ability to spin a yarn to capture the attention of the board has been left in the past. 23 Feb 2024 6:21 am Opinion Uncategorized Can we really ‘create’ demand – and does it matter? David van Schaick Marketers never truly know their influence over demand, but for B2B brands what’s more important is choosing the types of revenue to go after. 21 Feb 2024 10:55 am Opinion Uncategorized Copy KitKat on your quest for ‘double D marketing’ Mark Ritson Tight positioning, a respected brand heritage and refusal to overcomplicate things means when it comes to uniting distinctiveness and differentiation, KitKat has it licked. 20 Feb 2024 4:50 pm Mark Ritson on marketing strategy Read all Helen Edwards on branding Read all Marketoonist on the marketing industry Read all Campaigns we're loving this February Creative campaigns and exclusive insights from across the agency landscape. Picked by the team at Oystercatchers Marketing EffectivenessView more Analysis Uncategorized ‘We’ll never think we know everything’: Mars on building its effectiveness culture Niamh Carroll Mars introduced a tool that uses “behavioural philosophy” to predict the impact of creative in driving sales in 2020, part of its eternally evolving effectiveness effort. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 26 Jan 2024 6:34 am Opinion Uncategorized Only people can give the gift of effectiveness Grace Kite Having the right people at the heart of effectiveness programmes is the difference between succeeding and failing. 14 Dec 2023 6:01 am Analysis Uncategorized Why it’s time to move beyond lead generation as a measure of effectiveness in B2B marketing Niamh Carroll B2B marketers have long leaned on lead generation as a way to quantify their contribution to revenue, however, with many recognising it can be a blunt measure, is there a better way for marketing to showcase its contributions? Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 7 Feb 2024 7:05 am Marketing LeadershipView more Analysis Uncategorized What can be done to solve marketing’s problem with work overload? Josh Stephenson Solving the increasing burden of responsibilities on marketers doesn’t come with any easy answers. But from increasing the profession’s presence in the boardroom to changing the culture of overwork, there are things that can be done. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 2 Feb 2024 6:58 am 1 Comment Opinion Uncategorized Are we witnessing the end of the CMO? No, and stop asking Mark Ritson Marketers should cease pontificating about the validity of CMOs and their time in post, and start focusing on how to do the job better. 19 Jan 2024 7:00 am Analysis Uncategorized ‘Credibility in the boardroom is critical’: CMOs on the future of marketing leadership Molly Innes Five top marketers from a range of businesses share their outlook for the future of marketing leadership, from struggles with role fragmentation to the need to be deep collaborators. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 17 Jan 2024 7:05 am Pricing StrategyView more Analysis Uncategorized How can brands drive growth in 2024? Niamh Carroll High levels of inflation have forced many brands to lean on increased prices as a lever of sales growth. This year, growth will have to come from elsewhere, presenting marketers with a huge challenge. Subscriber Exclusive Subscriber Exclusive 9 Jan 2024 7:31 am News Uncategorized McDonald’s: Loyalty scheme will enable ‘even smarter’ pricing Niamh Carroll Maintaining a balance between price and footfall growth is a “North Star” for the McDonald’s business, which hopes its growing loyalty scheme will help it further step up its pricing strategy. 5 Feb 2024 3:44 pm Opinion Uncategorized Welcome to IMGFUCK: Seven steps to kicking your price-promotion addiction Mark Ritson Escaping dependence on price promotions is a tough challenge, but it’s achievable with Mark Ritson’s systematic approach. 12 Jun 2023 6:43 am Partnership Content Performance Enhancers: Tips for driving results on TikTok Michael Barnett 10 Aug 2023 11:51 am 1 Comment Analysis Uncategorized How to harness audiences’ attention in a fragmented media landscape Marketing Week Partner Today’s consumers are inundated with media vying for their attention, as delegates heard at this year’s Festival of Marketing. So how can cultivating ‘fandom’ help brands cut through? Sponsored by Amazon Ads Analysis Uncategorized Why ‘emotional loyalty’ is the new opportunity for brands Marketing Week Partner True emotional connections between brands and customers boost revenue as well as retention, but marketers need an accurate understanding of the key trigger moments. Sponsored by Marigold Analysis Uncategorized How eBay’s Love Island sponsorship changed the face of pre-loved fashion Marketing Week Partner Consumer interest in eBay’s fashion offerings skyrocketed this year, thanks to a campaign from agency DEPT that bridged TikTok, TV and everything in between. Sponsored by DEPT Partner With Us Contact Cookies FAQs Newsletter Privacy Website Terms and Conditions Twitter Linkedin Facebook Instagram Copyright © 2024 Centaur Media plc and / or its subsidiaries and licensors. All rights reserved. built by interconnect/it Xeim Limited, Registered in England and Wales with number 05243851 Registered office at Floor 14, 10 York Road, London, SE1 7ND Close search Search anything and hit ‘Enter’ Search Close menu Marketing News Insight Opinion Knowledge Bank Subscribe to Marketing Week About Marketing Week Subscription FAQs Contact the team Marketing Week Podcasts Strategy Agency Relationships Brand Positioning Brand Purpose Brand Reputation Consumer and Market Trends Coronavirus Crisis and Marketing Customer Experience Design & Branding Digital Transformation Marketing Effectiveness Market Research Price Strategy Product & Service Innovation Targeting & Segmentation Tactics Advertising Content Marketing CRM and Loyalty Data & Analytics Digital Direct Marketing Influencer Marketing Media Strategy Programmatic Advertising Social Media Marketing Sponsorship & Experiential Career Development Marketing Leadership Marketing Skills & Training Team Structure Brands Adidas Aldi Amazon Asda Burger King Cadbury Coca-Cola Diageo Ikea John Lewis & Partners Marks & Spencer Mastercard McDonald’s Nationwide Nike Procter & Gamble Samsung Starbucks Tesco Unilever Volkswagen Columnists Mark Ritson Helen Edwards Tanya Joseph Colin Lewis Marketoonist Partner with us Training/Mini MBA Our Events TikTok – Partner Content Series Festival of Marketing Partner With Us Contact Cookies FAQs Newsletter Privacy Website Terms and Conditions Twitter Linkedin Facebook Instagram