Qobuz - High quality music - Unlimited streaming and Hi-Res download store (United Kingdom) Streaming plans Download store Magazine Qobuz Club Our ecosystem Experience Artist-Approved Sound From £10.83 /Month* Try for free * For a 12-month non-refundable subscription, with a single payment of £129.99. Monthly subscription available at £12.99/month. Discover Artist history, timeless classics and new talent From £10.83 /Month* Try for free * For a 12-month non-refundable subscription, with a single payment of £129.99. Monthly subscription available at £12.99/month. Explore News, albums of the week, playlists, favourites and interviews From £10.83 /Month* Try for free * For a 12-month non-refundable subscription, with a single payment of £129.99. Monthly subscription available at £12.99/month. Over 100 million tracks The richest Hi-Res catalogue available for streaming and download From £10.83 /Month* Try for free * For a 12-month non-refundable subscription, with a single payment of £129.99. Monthly subscription available at £12.99/month. Streaming More than 100 million tracks in the best sound quality available for streaming. Discover our plans Download Buy your favourite albums in CD or Hi-Res quality and enjoy them forever. Go to store Retrieve my purchases > Panoramas Learn more Dive into the heart of an artist's work with a mixture of articles and videos. Discover Panoramas > Playlists Listen Thousands of playlists across all genres. Discover our playlists > Interviews Watch Thousands of original interviews and exclusive videos of your favorite artists. See our interviews > Reviews Enjoy Every week our specialists pick apart the best new releases and the great classics. See our reviews > Testing Ground Enhance your sound Our deep library of expert product reviews, comparisons and tutorials will guide you. Discover our Testing Ground > Place yourself at the heart of the studio. Rediscover your favourite artists with an unrivalled richness and quality of listening. discover high quality sound Gift Qobuz Gift card for streaming or download Gift an unrivalled musical experience. Streaming gift cards available from 3 months and many download cards available. Give a gift Qobuz Apps Listen to your favourite music at any time On mobile, computer, tablet... Choose how you listen. Download our Qobuz application FAQ Why listen to your music on Qobuz? Qobuz offers the richest catalogue of Hi-Res music for streaming and download. Quench your thirst for discovery with our panoramas, reviews, original selections and exclusive interviews. How can you stream in high resolution? 24-Bit Hi-Res streaming is available for everyone! All our applications are compatible with 24-Bit Hi-Res quality. For more information about 24-Bit Hi-Res configurations, go to our dedicated webpage. Is the trial period really free for the streaming service? The free trial period is free and without commitment. A valid payment method is required to begin the trial period but under no circumstance will you be charged before the end of this period. You can cancel your subscription at any time, even during the trial period. What is download? The permanent purchase of albums or tracks in order to get the audio files on your device. Once an album is bought, you can download it in different formats and listen to it on your chosen hardware forever. Do you need a subscription to download? You do not need to have a subscription in order to download music. However, our Sublime subscription gives you access to discounts on Hi-Res products/albums while also allowing you to enjoy the streaming service. See More Help Cookie settings Web Player Who are we? Job opportunities The Qobuz Blog Press Room Business and partners Qobuz Society Streaming subscription plans Qobuz Duo Qobuz Family Our ecosystem Download our Qobuz application Give Qobuz as a gift Discover the best sound quality Download store Xandrie © 2024 XANDRIE SA - 45 rue de Delizy, 93692 Pantin CEDEX, France Legal notices General terms and conditions Personal data protection Cookies United Kingdom Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Français Nederlands Brazil Canada English Français Chile Colombia Denmark Finland France Germany Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Deutsch Français Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Spain Sweden Switzerland Deutsch Français United Kingdom United States