Macalester College We're sorry but this website does not work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Macalester College Where ideas and intellectual curiosity matter Start Here About Macalester Why Macalester? Request Information Visit Admissions Make a Gift to Support Macalester Students Join Us in Celebrating Macalester’s Sesquicentennial Featured Stories More News City Classes Macalester professors tap into the Twin Cities to enrich learning. Read More Introduction to Macalester Academics, student life, our values, and more are all covered in our video viewbook. Learn more More News Upcoming Events View Events Calendar 6:15PM | 03.28.24 Tsione Wolde-Micheal ’08, Executive Director – President’s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities Event Details 2PM | 03.30.24 Eurydice Event Details 8AM | 04.05.24 Mac Day for Admitted Students Event Details View Events Calendar The Twin Cities Where the cities that surround us transform what’s within us The Twin Cities are an endless source of intellectual inspiration for Macalester. As part of the curriculum, more than 60 courses across 17 departments partner with organizations from nonprofits to government agencies to theaters and museums to local Fortune 500 companies. Our Location An education that extends beyond campus Students of the world Our mission focuses on creating a culture of diversity and justice in an interconnected world. We explore cultural narratives and beliefs, build an inclusive community, and create spaces where everyone can grow. Coursework connects ideas across cultures and continents, preparing students to articulate ideas on a global scale. Global Citizenship Community of collaborators With a 10:1 student-to-faculty ratio, Macalester professors and students dig into real-world issues to create dialogues that stem from curiosity and lead to deeper understanding. Areas of Study Agents of change Students bring a passion for effecting change and Macalester nurtures that passion. Because even small acts of advocacy can create big opportunities for creating positive change. Civic Engagement Set your ideas in motion Apply Visit Macalester College 1600 Grand AvenueSaint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Non-Discrimination Statement Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2023