Standupfornuclear STAND-UP FOR NUCLEAR THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 2024 Standup 2024At Summit Standup 2023Tihange Standup 2022Doel Standup 2021Brussels Nuclear Energy - for our climate, future generations, and energy reliability! On March 21st leaders from around the world will gather at the first I.A.E.A Nuclear Energy Summit in Brussels to, “highlight the role of nuclear energy in addressing the global challenges to reduce the use of fossil fuels, enhance energy security and boost economic development.” Stand Up for Nuclear Belgium will be hosting an international pro-nuclear event in front of the summit venue on Thursday, March 21st. Representatives of more than 20 pro-nuclear organizations from different countries will come to Brussels. Similar to our past events at Tihange and Doel, their presence will signal that there is a large and fast growing civil society support for nuclear energy. We will be engaging with the media and interacting with as many international summit attendees as possible. As this is the first Nuclear Energy Summit, our action will center around holding our leaders accountable because investment/development in Nuclear energy is necessary for meeting our ENERGY and CLIMATE goals. JOIN US! Our message To Belgium Leaders - Stop the nuclear phaseout and join our ally nations in committing to tripling the global nuclear capacity. To International Leaders - Let’s build more nuclear - the investment and development in Nuclear energy is necessary for meeting our ENERGY and CLIMATE goals. Date/Time/Locatin: Thursday, March 21, 2024 8:30 - 11:30 → Summit Attendees arrive between 9-9:30 Brussels EXPO, Pl. de Belgique 1, 1020 Bruxelles In front of the Nuclear Energy Summit Venue Transit Information: - Less than 300 m/1,000ft from metro Heysel Station - Metro: line 6 from Brussels Midi railway station to Heysel Station stop, 20 minutes - Drive: 20-25 minutes from city center *For those who choose to drive, there is a parking lot right to the expo. Partner Allies - Countries Stand up for Nuclear - USA Stand up for Nuclear - Belgium 100 TWh - Belgium WePlanet – Belgium Keep the Lights On - Belgium WeCare – Europe WePlanet - Netherlands Nuklearia – Germany Mothers for Nuclear Deutschland - Germany Voix du Nucléaire – France PNC Patrimoine Nucléaire et Climat - France Atomkraft Ja Tak - Denmark Nuclear Vision - Portugal Fota4Climate – Poland European Association for Energy Security - Slovakia Luca Romano/Eduardo -Italy