The New Criterion - A monthly review of the arts & intellectual life Register Login / Current Issue Archive Dispatch Media Subscribe Gift Subscription Donate Culture Art Poetry Music Theater Books About Us Bookstore Events The Critic's Notebook Galliard Society Poetry Submissions Advertise Reader Services Subscribe Gift Subscription Join our Circle Become a Friend Hilton Kramer Fellowship Edmund Burke Award RSS Feeds Contact Us Asset 1 Copyright © 1982-2024 All rights reserved A Site by Beck & Stone Asset 2 Vol. 42, No. 7 / March 2024 Login Asset 1 Asset 3 Current Issue Archive Dispatch Media Subscribe Donate Modern madness Notes & Comments On the Modern Language Association’s latest narcissisms. Golden Graham by Rupert Christiansen A review of Errand into the Maze by Deborah Jowitt. A deathless dialogue by Michael Fontaine On a new translation of Cicero’s On the Nature of the Gods by Quintus Curtius. Interwar lessons by Leo McKinstry A review of Victory to Defeat by Richard Dannatt And Robert Lyman. A freestyle biennial by Julia Friedman On what to expect from the upcoming Whitney Biennial. A Williams-fest by Jay Nordlinger On a concert featuring John Williams and his music. What all the fuss is about by Jay Nordlinger On a recital by the young pianist Yunchan Lim. Advertisement March 2024 Notes & Comments Hockey-stick horrors On the verdict against Mark Steyn & Rand Simberg. Modern moronics On anti-colonial protests at MOMA. Modern madness On the Modern Language Association’s latest narcissisms. Features Israel’s eternal dilemma by Victor Davis Hanson On October 7 & the Yom Kippur War. A forgotten writer of Père Lachaise by Anthony Daniels On Enrique Gómez Carrillo. The singularity of speech by Wilfred M. McClay On the distinction between free speech & free expression. A life in ballet by Peter Martins On the author’s career as a dancer & choreographer. Poems Doctrine of the emptiness of forms by Amit Majmudar Tucson hospital, waiting room by James Matthew Wilson Sunnyside by Michael Casper Reflections An afternoon in the Steinway basement by David Dubal On the storied American piano maker. Theater Addicted to futility by Kyle Smith On White Rose: The Musical, Days of Wine and Roses & Aristocrats. Art Panoramic Rothko by Karen Wilkin On “Mark Rothko: Paintings on Paper” at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. Brown in town by James Panero On the Winter Show, Master Drawings New York, “Whodunit? Key Books in Detective Fiction,” “Judging a Book by Its Cover: Bookbindings from the Collections of the Grolier Club” & “Masters Week.” Music New York chronicle by Jay Nordlinger On recent performances at Carnegie Hall. The media Getting away with it by James Bowman On the “weaponization” of the media. Notebook Remembrance of swings past by John P. Rossi On the historians of the great American pastime. Over the garden wall by Anthony Daniels March 05, 2024 On the compartmentalization of evil & The Zone of Interest. Davidsen returns by Jay Nordlinger March 05, 2024 On La forza del destino at the Met. The Critic’s Notebook by The Editors March 05, 2024 On Giotto, Indian court painting, Franz Lizst, David Dubal, Beaux-Arts architecture & more from the world of culture. Mahler from Vienna by Jay Nordlinger March 04, 2024 On a concert by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra in Carnegie Hall. Mischief & mystery by Jane Coombs March 01, 2024 On “New Combinations” at New York City Ballet. Visit the Blog Stay informed with our weekly email newsletter, “The Critic’s Notebook.” Sign Up Advertisement Subscribe to our Critic's Notebook A free weekly newsletter about arts & culture Books The Machiavelli effect by Paul A. Rahe A review of Machiavelli's Effectual Truth by Harvey C. Mansfield. Golden Graham by Rupert Christiansen A review of Errand into the Maze by Deborah Jowitt. Interwar lessons by Leo McKinstry A review of Victory to Defeat by Richard Dannatt And Robert Lyman. A deathless dialogue by Michael Fontaine On a new translation of Cicero’s On the Nature of the Gods by Quintus Curtius. Back to Bach by John Check A review of Bach against Modernity by Michael Marissen. Fool me continuously by Crawford Gribben A review of Fool by Peter K. Andersson. Bookstore Popular This Week This Week This Month This Year All Time 1 A life in ballet by Peter Martins 2 Sex, the Sixties & Camille Paglia by Donald Lyons 3 Israel’s eternal dilemma by Victor Davis Hanson 4 Capote reconsidered by Brooke Allen 5 A forgotten writer of Père Lachaise by Anthony Daniels 6 The Machiavelli effect by Paul A. Rahe 7 For their eyes only by David Pryce-Jones 8 Old Mozart and the new past by Samuel Lipman 9 Modern madness 10 Hockey-stick horrors 1 “Breakfast Special”: a new story by Woody Allen 2 Capote reconsidered by Brooke Allen 3 Hockey-stick horrors 4 Israel’s eternal dilemma by Victor Davis Hanson 5 The Machiavelli effect by Paul A. Rahe 6 A life in ballet by Peter Martins 7 A forgotten writer of Père Lachaise by Anthony Daniels 8 Remembrance of swings past by John P. Rossi 9 The importance of T. E. Lawrence by David Fromkin 10 Sex, the Sixties & Camille Paglia by Donald Lyons 1 The diversity myth by Peter Thiel 2 Tenured barbarians 3 “Breakfast Special”: a new story by Woody Allen 4 Silicon Valley’s moral bankruptcy by Victor Davis Hanson 5 Can conservatives still win? by Victor Davis Hanson 6 A disgraceful career by Keith Windschuttle 7 Capote reconsidered by Brooke Allen 8 The abnormal as the new normal 9 The hypocrisy of Noam Chomsky by Keith Windschuttle 10 The burden of the humanities by Wilfred M. McClay Connect with us. Advertisement Asset 2 A monthly review edited by Roger Kimball Subscribe Current Issue Archive Media Subscribe Student Subscription Donate The Critic's Notebook Galliard Society Culture Art Poetry Music Theater Books About Us Bookstore Events Poetry Submissions Advertise Reader Services RSS Feeds Contact Us Sign-in to your account Forgot password? Create an account Join the discussion. Register Become a subscriber Enjoy unlimited access. Subscribe × Choose a file format: Download PDF Download ePub × Support our crucial work and join us in strengthening the bonds of civilization. Donate ×