University System of Georgia skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2029 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2029 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Georgia Degrees Pay A powerful data tool putting affordability and transparency at your fingertips. This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Learn more about our USG Institutions Ranked among the top public universities by U.S. News & World Report for “National Universities Where Most Accepted Students Enroll.” Recognized as the #1 Best Value of all colleges and universities in Georgia by James Magazine. Ranks No. 10 in the Best Public University category by U.S. News & World Report. Provides free access to lifelong learning opportunities including educational programs, research databases, over 1.5 million online images and 85,000 cubic feet of records dating back to 1732. MBA ranked No. 5 for affordability on the 2022 Best MBA Programs list by Top Management Degrees.com. Ranked one of the best returns on investment in the state for public colleges by Georgetown’s Center on Education and the Workforce. Recently ranked by collegeraptor.com as one of the top 10 colleges in the nation with tuition under $20,000 a year. Ranked one of the “Best Colleges in Georgia of 2022” for its accreditation, quality, cost and potential future earnings. U.S. News & World Report named VSU among the 20 most economically diverse schools in the nation. 92% of 2021 University of Georgia grads are employed or attending grad school within 6 months. Ranked No. 20 by U.S. News & World Report on its Top Performers on Social Mobility list for 2022. Offers every Georgian free high-speed internet, access to the latest tech, small business resources, career readiness tools, lifelong learning opportunities and more at 408 public libraries across the state. Gordon State's RN to BSN degree program ranks in the top five in the state. Home to Georgia’s flagship school of aviation, logging 25,000 flight hours last year. No. 7 in the College Consensus Rankings of the 50 Best Historically Black Colleges and Universities for 2022. No. 1 graduation rate for student athletes among all NCAA Division II public universities in 2021. According to payscale.com, mid-career salaries for GSU grads average around $90,000. Offers the lowest tuition among USG metro Atlanta institutions where students can earn their bachelor's degree. Ranked No. 35 public regional university in the South by U.S. News & World Report for tuition costs, graduation rates and faculty resources. Elementary and special education baccalaureate students have a 100% job placement rate upon graduation. Home to one of the nation’s largest medical schools by class size and the state’s only school of dental medicine. U.S. News & World Report ranked their Online MBA and Nursing Graduate Programs No. 1 in Georgia. U.S. News & World Report named UNG a best value for a public university in Georgia. Students enrolling Fall Semester 2022 will pay nearly 10% LESS in fees, and tuition has not risen in three years. Ranked No. 1 Most Affordable College in Georgia by University HQ At 21:1, averages the lowest student/faculty ratio among all colleges in metro Atlanta to provide students a truly individualized learning experience on campus. Named “Lowest Cost City for Higher Education” among the nation's Best College Towns and Cities by WalletHub. U.S. Department of Education ranked DSC among the top 10% most affordable public four-year or above institutions in the nation. THE USG FAMILY The University System of Georgia is comprised of Georgia's public colleges and universities, Georgia Archives and the Georgia Public Library Service. Visit our institutions page for a comprehensive list. LATEST SYSTEM NEWS READ MORE NEWS LATEST FROM OUR COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES USG extends test optional admissions for 2024-2025 academic year The University System of Georgia (USG) will continue to temporarily waive test score requirements for admission for Academic Year 2024-2025 at 23 of the 26 USG institutions. Campus Spotlight features news across the system A roundup of impactful stories from University System of Georgia's institutions. New career planning tool for student success before and after graduation The University System of Georgia has launched a new career planning tool for students at its 26 public colleges and universities to provide additional career counseling services and connect them to information about the field they want to work in. LATEST FROM THE NEWSROOM Albany State President Marion Ross Fedrick Taking New Leadership Role University System of Georgia Chancellor Sonny Perdue is offering his congratulations to Albany State University President Marion Ross Fedrick, who announced she will take a new role within the university system to build upon her leadership expertise. University System of Georgia Working with Georgia State University’s National Institute for Student Success University System of Georgia Chancellor Sonny Perdue announced the successful start to an ongoing partnership with the National Institute for Student Success (NISS) to close student achievement gaps and improve student enrollment, retention and college completion. University System of Georgia Enrollment Hits Record High of 344,392 University System of Georgia (USG) enrollment this fall climbed to a record high of 344,392 students, reversing two years of enrollment declines with a 3% annual gain. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. SERVICE OF PROCESS Christopher McGraw, Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs Shannon McGhee, Asst. Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs Steffanie Morrison, Asst. Vice Chancellor Legal Affairs Josiah Heidt, Senior Legal Counsel WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA© Copyright 2024. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Chancellor's Office Communications Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE Georgia Transfer GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Strategic Implementation Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Well-being ×