GreekReporter.com - Greek News from Greece and the World Greece Cyprus USA Hollywood Europe Australia Canada Africa Name Days GR en Español GR Россия 希华时讯 Contact Search GRNews Greece Cyprus USA Hollywood Europe Australia Canada Africa Name Days GR en Español GR Россия 希华时讯 Contact FacebookInstagramLinkedinTikTokTwitterYoutube GRNews Greek News AllArchaeologyArtCharityCrime Greek News US Sanctions Greece-Based Intellexa, Creator of Predator Spyware Greek News Ethnic Greek Mayor Fredi Beleris Sentenced to 2 Years in Albanian Prison Archaeology Who Was the Architect of the Pyramids of Egypt? Ancient Greece Middle Greek: The Language That Shaped Modern Greek Politics Diaspora Business Science Environment Life Culture Greek Food Space Travel Sports Search GRNews Greek News AllArchaeologyArtCharityCrimeCultureCyprusDiplomacyEconomyEducationEnergy Greek News US Sanctions Greece-Based Intellexa, Creator of Predator Spyware March 6, 2024 Greek News Ethnic Greek Mayor Fredi Beleris Sentenced to 2 Years in Albanian Prison March 5, 2024 Archaeology Who Was the Architect of the Pyramids of Egypt? March 5, 2024 Ancient Greece Middle Greek: The Language That Shaped Modern Greek March 5, 2024 Politics Diaspora Business Science Environment Life Culture Greek Food Space Travel Sports Search LATEST NEWS FROM GREECE AND THE WORLD Who Was the Architect of the Pyramids of Egypt? Middle Greek: The Language That Shaped Modern Greek The Story of Greeks in Panama Ancient Tomb Filled With Gold Treasure Discovered in Panama Greece Probes Data Leak of Diaspora Voter Email Addresses Ancient DNA Sheds Light on Europe’s Hunter-Gatherers Villanovans: Earliest Etruscans Who Brought Iron-Working to Italy US Sanctions Greece-Based Intellexa, Creator of Predator Spyware Ethnic Greek Mayor Fredi Beleris Sentenced to 2 Years in Albanian Prison Perseus: The Last Greek King of Ancient Greece Greek news Greek News Greece Mulls Voluntary Conscription of Women in the Armed Forces Greece is considering the introduction of the voluntary conscription of women in the armed forces, according to the defense reorganization that is currently being... Archaeology Giant Statue of Ramesses the Great Uncovered in Egypt Archaeologists uncovered the upper part of a large statue of Ramesses II during excavations in Egypt’s Minya. Ramesses II, commonly known as Ramesses the Great,... Business Jeff Bezos Topples Elon Musk to Reclaim Title of World’s Richest Man Jeff Bezos has dethroned Elon Musk to reclaim his title as the world’s richest man. The Amazon founder’s net worth currently stands at $200 billion,... Culture Bill on Greek Music Quotas in Hotels, Radio, Films Causes Uproar The Greek Ministry of Culture wants to impose quotas of Greek music in the common areas of hotels, malls, casinos, airports, and ports, according... Africa Scientists Solve Mystery Behind Earth’s Largest Desert Star Dune Scientists have now pinpointed the age of a star dune in a remote area of Morocco and uncovered details about its formation and how... Ancient Greece Ancient Greek Inscription Found in Bulgaria’s Roman Baths An ancient Greek inscription was recently discovered by archeologists in the resort town of Hisarya, Southern Bulgaria which reveals who ruled the finances of... Archaeology Mesoamericans Drank Tobacco During Healing Rituals, New Study Claims A recent study published in the journal Antiquity shows that archaeologists found old pottery in Guatemala that had traces of nicotine on it. The pottery... Archaeology Man Found a 70-Million-Year-Old Dinosaur Fossil But Kept It Secret A man stumbled upon a seventy-million-year-old dinosaur fossil while walking his dog. He found it in Montouliers, Hérault, France about two years ago. However,... Ancient Greece Ancient Greek Graves Found on Tenedos Island Child graves dated 2,700 years ago have been unearthed from the necropolis site of the ancient Greek city of Tenedos, in modern day Bozcaada... Greek church Bogomils: The Christian Sect That Believed Satan Was Jesus’ Brother The Bogomils were a Christian sect originated in the 10th century Bulgaria and believed that God had two sons, Jesus and the older Satanael Greek Videos & Short Docs The Greek Marijuana Expert of Hollywood Desert Monks: The Orthodox Brotherhood of Saint Anthony in Arizona “The Greek” : The Story of the One Armed Boxer (Full Documentary) The Greek Rivals Who United and Brought Souvlaki to Colombia Ropoto: Inside Greece’s Sinking Ghost Town The Greeks Who Took Over Miami’s Hospitality Industry Greek Culture and Entertainment Greece Tsarouchi, the Iconic Shoe of Brave Greek Warriors The tsarouchi, the flat, hard-soled shoe with the famous large pompon at its end, is an iconic part of the Greek traditional costume, especially... Diaspora Iconic “Greek Slave” Statue Depicts Orphaned Girl from Greece’s Psara The "Greek Slave," represents the incredible but true story of a girl from Psara who was captured in the Greek War of Independence. Greek News Social Media “Grandfluencers” Wisdom is For All Ages Think social media is for the youngsters who are seemingly only interested in celebrities and the newest beauty treatment? Think again, as many 60... Archaeology Insulting Graffiti Carved into Ancient Roman Wall Discovered in England Ancient Roman graffiti found carved into a wall in England shows that even the ancients liked leaving insulting messages in public places. Found in the... Environment Why are Some Mushrooms Poisonous? Mushrooms are a key ingredient in many diets around the world, however not all of them are edible. Some mushrooms are poisonous and can cause toxic reactions. Greece How Brave Greek Islanders Saved a Jewish Family During the Holocaust The story of how locals at the Greek island of Erikousa joined forces to save a family of Jews from certain death in the Holocaust. TRAVEL How to Experience Athens on a Budget of €10 a Day Now that you have arrived in Athens, how do you enjoy all that the ancient city has to offer on a budget? It might be easier than you think. Ioannina: The Magical Capital of Epirus, Greece Visiting Athens is the perfect excuse to take a short drive to Ioannina, the capital of Epirus. Is the perfect place for a romantic getaway. The Sunken Cities of Ancient Greece In addition to the many magnificent historical monuments in Greece, the country has several unique sunken cities and archaeological sites. These submerged sites aren't mere... Ten Majestic Aegean Sea Churches in Greece Dedicated to the Virgin Mary There are a large number of Aegean churches throughout Greece Some humble and unpretentious here is a list of the most majestic. Five Natural Pools on the Greek Islands to Discover This Summer For those heading to the Mediterranean this summer, there can be no better way to enjoy the glimmering azure waters than with a plunge... Lake Melissani in Kefalonia Dazzles with Its Turquoise Waters Lake Melissani on the Greek island of Kefalonia, also known as Melissani Cave, is among the most astonishing lakes in the world. Ancient Greece The Ancient Road That Connected Rome With Byzantium The Via Egnatia was an ancient Roman road that stretched across an impressive distance between the Adriatic coast and Byzantium (modern day Istanbul) on... Why Did Pythagoras Believe that Three was a Sacred Number? Pythagoras was one of the greatest philosophers and intellectuals of Greek history. He made many profound contributions to knowledge in various areas. One interesting... Ancient Greek Jar From 2,300 Years Ago Holds Curse Against 55 People Archaeologists believe that a 2,300-year-old jar from Ancient Greece containing chicken bones was likely used as part of a curse on 55 people. The Glittering Gold of Mycenaean Greece Since the 19th century, several precious gold objects associated with the Mycenaean civilization have been discovered by archaeologists, predominantly at important burial sites where... Ancient Gymnasium Unearthed in Oasis Shows Impact of Greek Life in Egypt In 2017, when the ruins of an ancient Greek gymnasium were discovered in an oasis of a desert in Egypt, archaeologists said that it... The Police in Ancient Greece While ancient Greece didn't have a police force in the same way we think of them today, they did have systems for maintaining order... Greek Recipes by Nostimo Recipe: Zuchini Fritters Filled with Halloumi Cheese These Greek Zucchini Fritters recipe filled with halloumi cheese will be a hit on the table and a great appetiser for your special occasion... Tsoureki Rolls Recipe Tsoureki Rolls, the raisins and cinammon filled Greek sweet bread rolls are usually prepared in Greece for Easter, but are great throughout the year.... Phyllo Wrapped Feta Cheese with Truffle Honey Recipe A traditional Greek appetizer, phyllo-wrapped feta cheese with truffle honey is easy to make and offers a delicious rich flavor. Recipe for Kourabiedes, Greece’s Christmas Shortbread Cookies Kourabiedes are some of the most famous Greek Christmas cookies. They are a kind of shortbread cookie. Perfectly sweet and satisfying, they are filled... About Privacy Policy Contact Greek Name Days Watch Greek TV Live © Copyright - GreekReporter.com