UCLA Fielding School of Public Health | UCLA Fielding Jump to Header Jump to Main Content Jump to Footer Return to home Open Menu Open Search Search Search Close Search About Click to toggle child links Why UCLA Fielding? Leadership Administrative Offices Faculty & Staff Directory Board of Advisors Visiting Campus Contact Us Degree Programs Click to toggle child links Find & Compare Degree Programs Course Catalog Departments Click to toggle child links Biostatistics Community Health Sciences Environmental Health Sciences Epidemiology Health Policy and Management Students Click to toggle child links Student Services Cost & Aid Student Organizations Career Services Mentorship Program Student Resources Faculty & Research Click to toggle child links Faculty Research Centers & Programs Community Collaboration Click to toggle child links Community Impact Action & Advocacy Training Programs Admissions Click to toggle child links Apply Cost & Aid Connect With Students Admissions FAQs News & Events Give Close Menu Building a Healthier Future Together Fighting a Rigged System When UCLA’s public health school opened in 1961, the U.S. civil rights movement was gaining momentum. Read Full Article Building a Healthier Future Together Throughout the school’s history, thousands of individuals — FSPH students, faculty, staff, graduates, and collaborators — have educated, researched, and applied their public health knowledge and skills in partnerships with communities, policymakers, and leaders across a wide range of professions and organizations. They have done so in service to the betterment of the public’s health and well-being, at home in Los Angeles and around the world. Read Full Article Student Perspectives: Epidemiology Read Full Article Consequences of disbanding homeless encampments and rehousing efforts in Los Angeles County Read Full Article Electric vehicles improve air quality for everyone but have less impact in more polluted areas Although electric vehicle ownership is higher in wealthier neighborhoods than in disadvantaged ones, EVs improve air quality in all communities, a UCLA study found. Read Full Article UCLA Fielding School of Public Health graduates lead transformative work — building a healthier future for all — here in Los Angeles, in all 50 U.S. states, and in 71 countries around the globe. 11K UCLA Fielding's alumni network is comprised of more than eleven thousand public health changemakers Community Impact Amid substantial gaps in who has access to healthy, affordable meals, UCLA Fielding engages in community partnerships that promote change. Learn More Education to Effect Change Explore UCLA Fielding School of Public of Health's five academic departments and learn which degree is right for you with the degree program comparison tool. Biostatistics Biostatistics helps researchers in public health and beyond with study conception and design, data collection and analysis, and drawing conclusions. Biostatistics Community Health Sciences Community health sciences experts work with communities to address the social, cultural, and environmental factors that influence health. Community Health Sciences Environmental Health Sciences Environmental Health Sciences explores the health risks associated with exposures to stressors in the ambient, built, and occupational environments. Environment Health Sciences Epidemiology Epidemiology studies how diseases and other health-related factors are caused, transmitted, and prevented in populations. Epidemiology Health Policy and Management Health Policy and Management enhances healthcare quality, access, cost and financing through policies and practices that improve health institutions. Health Policy and Management Explore and Compare Degree Programs FSPH Magazine 60th Anniversary Issue Read the Magazine Why UCLA Fielding Exceptional students and world renowned faculty in a unique setting to address public health challenges confronting our global community. Learn More Equity, Diversity & Inclusion The pursuit of equity, diversity, and inclusion is a cornerstone of public health and at the core of UCLA Fielding's identity. Learn More FSPH News FSPH News Recent immigrants saw biggest spike in mental distress as anti-immigrant sentiment increased UCLA study shows rate of serious psychological distress more than doubled for those in U.S. fewer than five years Source: UCLA FSPH CHPR Read Full Article UCLA Fielding faculty listed among world’s most influential researchers Read Full Article Return to home Alumni Faculty & Staff Directory Employment Opportunities Media Resources Subscriptions Follow us on Instagram Find us on Facebook Find us on LinkedIn 650 Charles E. Young Dr. South 16-035 Center for Health Sciences Los Angeles CA 90095-1772 310.825.6381 Sitemap Emergency Accessibility Report Misconduct Privacy & Terms of Use © 2024 UC Regents