Disney Experiences: Magic through Imagination & Innovation Skip to content About Our Story Leadership Cast Life Community Impact News Parks Experiences Products Sites Corporate Disney Experience Disney in Florida Disneyland Press Walt Disney World Disneyland Resort Disney Signature Experiences Disney Cruise Line Disney Sports Sites Corporate Disney Experiences Disney in Florida Disneyland Press Walt Disney World Disneyland Resort Disney Signature Experiences Disney Cruise Line Disney Sports Your browser does not support the video tag. Bringing Disney Stories to Life Disney Experiences brings the magic of Disney stories and franchises to life through theme parks, resorts, cruise ships, unique vacation experiences, products and more around the world. How We Do It Latest News Disney Experience A Look at New Disney Attractions & Experiences Underway Around the World With many new attractions and experiences hitting parks and resorts around the world, there is much more on the horizon for all 12 of Disney’s parks. Disney Experience A Look at New Disney Attractions & Experiences Underway Around the World With many new attractions and experiences hitting parks and resorts around the world, there is much more on the horizon for all 12 of Disney’s parks. Disney Aspire Caring for Our Cast: What is the Disney Aspire Program? Disney Aspire provides access to higher education and is one of the key ways we can contribute to our eligible U.S. hourly Cast Members’ futures by empowering them to grow in their careers. Technology Interactive Droids Debut at Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge Droids have been an iconic and integral part of Star Wars since the debut of the franchise. From lovable companions to fierce imperial troops, these robots are in Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge. Veterans Walt Disney & the U.S. Military: A Century of Support Disney’s dedication to military service members and veterans goes back more than a century. Disney’s steadfast support of veterans and the military community continues to evolve. More Articles Our Portfolio Disney Parks and Experiences is one of the world’s leading providers of family travel and leisure experiences, with six resort destinations across the globe, including 12 theme parks, 55 resort hotels, a top-rated cruise line and other unique vacation experiences. Through the work of our cast members, the magic of Disney comes to life for families and fans every day around the world. Explore Our: Parks Experiences Products Disneyland Resort Since Walt Disney opened Disneyland in July 1955, the resort has welcomed guests from around the world… Walt Disney World Since 1971, Walt Disney World Resort has focused on delivering legendary guest service and one-of-a-kind experiences… Disney Cruise Line Since launching in 1998, Disney Cruise Line has established itself as a leader in the industry. Guests can sail out of ports… Adventures by Disney Launched in 2005, Adventures by Disney is an entirely new take on the family vacation. Guided tours take families to… Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa Combines the natural beauty of the islands with Disney magic to create a family paradise. Opened in 2011 on the… Sharing the Magic Follow our social media accounts and have the Disney magic right at your fingertips! Instagram Come where the story of Disney Parks is told by our guests and our Cast Members from around the world. Hear the big news first and join in on the conversation. I guess it is a small world after all. Follow Us Your browser does not support the video tag. Threads A great big beautiful tomorrow awaits on the internet’s new social media platform. Join our Disney Parks Threads account while we experiment and build a new community. Follow Us Instagram Come where the story of Disney Parks is told by our guests and our Cast Members from around the world. Hear the big news first and join in on the conversation. I guess it is a small world after all. Follow Us Your browser does not support the video tag. Threads A great big beautiful tomorrow awaits on the internet’s new social media platform. Join our Disney Parks Threads account while we experiment and build a new community. Follow Us The Disney Experience We are always finding new ways to take our guests on adventures and immerse them in their favorite stories. We use our attractions, products and digital experiences to bring magic to our guests. Download Fact Sheets Disney.com Disney Parks Blog planDisney Careers shopDisney © Disney. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Your US State Privacy Rights Children’s Online Privacy Policy Disney.com Guest Services