Laughing Squid Skip to content No results About FAQ Hosting Email List T-Shirt Socials Tips Contact About FAQ Hosting Email List T-Shirt Socials Tips Contact No results Menu Search ‘Riders on the Storm’ Played As a Dire Straits Song Laszlo Buring performed The Doors' haunting narrative "Riders on the Storm" in the distinctive style of Dire Straits at a much quicker tempo Beer Ads Were Embedded Into ‘Star Wars’ Movies During Television Airings in 2003 on Channel 13 in Chile During 2003 airings of Star Wars movies in Chile, viewers were subjected to beer ads that were embedded into scenes of the films. A LEGO Train Designed to Transport Cats The engineer behind Brick Technology used his two cats, Cookie and Muffin, to accurately measure out a feline-carrying LEGO train. A Debunking of Many Common Misconceptions The Paint Explainer debunked a fairly comprehensive list of common misconceptions over the course of nine pictorial minutes. What Danny DeVito Would Be Like As ‘Wolverine’ Corridor Digital utilized AI animation tools to insert Danny Devito's irascible character of Frank Reynolds in place of Hugh Jackman' for Wolverine. Sad Dog Stares at Ball On Other Side of Fence Even Though Gate Is Open A golden retriever stuck her nose under the fence post and stared at her faded tennis ball on the other side not realizing the gate was open. Guitarist Rocks Out Red Hot Chili Peppers’ ‘Can’t Stop’ With Headbanging Cockatiel on Drums Musician French Fuse encouraged his pet cockatiel to bang a drum as he played the Red Hot Chili Peppers song "Can't Stop" on guitar. Classic Footage of The Who Recording ‘Who Are You’ The Who released studio footage of the band recording the song "Who Are You" in May 1978, shortly before the tragic death of Keith Moon. An Ultra-Thin Layered Grilled Cheese Sandwich Ryota Togishi built himself a thin grilled cheese sandwich by layering ultra-thin slices of bread with cheese that he put into a panini press. Sleepy Dog Growls at His Own Reflection After 30 Seconds of Staring Into the Mirror A sleepy Labrador retriever stared at his reflection in the mirror for about 30 seconds before growling at the unfamiliar dog in the mirror. 1 2 3 4 … 6,966Next Load More Blog Posts No more posts to load Join the Laughing Squid Email List Facebook Threads Mastodon RSS Feed Our blog posts may contain affiliate links. If you make a purchase through our site, we may earn a small commission.Trending on Laughing Squid Pet Bunny and Wild Rabbit Meet for the First Time A LEGO Train Designed to Transport Cats The Infinite Universe May Be Paradoxically Finite 'Riders on the Storm' Played As a Dire Straits Song What Danny DeVito Would Be Like As 'Wolverine' A Hilarious Compilation of Cats Acting Like Jerks Managed WordPress atLaughing Squid Hosting Privacy Policy | Terms of ServiceAccessibility Statement | Affiliate Disclosure Powered by Laughing Squid Hosting and WordPress VIP© 1995-2024 Laughing Squid LLC, all rights reserved