European Institute for Gender Equality | European Institute for Gender Equality Skip to main content European Institute for Gender Equality Menu Main menu Newsroom Newsroom Back Newsroom Newsroom News Events Director's corner Campaigns The Green Deal 3 Steps Forward Safe Spaces Covid-19 Economic benefits of gender equality View all campaigns From STEM to Sustainability: Empowering Women and Girls in Science Jobs in the EU’s environmental goods and service sector grew by 23% from 2010 to 2020. But is the EU accommodating women’s participation in its fastest-growing sector? Topics Employment Energy Environment and climate change Publication date 09 Feb 2024 Make 2024 the year you commit to a green and gender-equal Europe EIGE is doubling down on our New Year’s resolution: to build a green and gender-equal Europe. Topics Energy Environment and climate change Poverty Publication date 17 Jan 2024 Publications and resources Publications and resources Back Publications and resources Publications Search all publications All on gender and economy All on gender and climate Resources Toolkits and guides Videos Glossary and thesaurus Gender Equality Index 2023: Towards a green transition in transport and energy The Gender Equality Index 2023 presents the EU in relation to gender equality amid crises and uncertainties. In recent years, the world has been hit by repeated shocks and multiple crises. What remains constant is the fact that when crisis strikes, women and girls suffer disproportionally. The crises and shocks continuously threaten to create new challenges and reverse years of... Topics Culture Digital agenda Economic and financial affairs Education Employment Energy Entrepreneurship Environment and climate change Health Justice Migration Poverty Regional policy Transport Youth Violence Publication date 24 Oct 2023 Available in: EN Gender-sensitive communication This toolkit provides guidelines for the use of gender-sensitive language in writing. Gender-sensitive communication ensures that women and men – and those who do not conform to the binary gender system – are treated as persons of equal importance and dignity. Section Publications Gender mainstreaming Gender mainstreaming Back Gender mainstreaming Gender mainstreaming in the EU What is gender mainstreaming Institutions and structures Policy areas Country information Resources Step-by-step toolkits More methods and tools Good practices Publications Gender mainstreaming glossary What does it take to achieve gender equality? – Resources and structures key for women's empowerment With International Women’s Day just around the corner, progress towards gender equality is high on the agenda. But what does it take to really pave the way for gender equality? Publication date 27 Feb 2023 GRPP: Four letters can unlock €2 trillion to accelerate our drive towards gender equality Each year the EU spends 14% of its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on public works, from building projects to social infrastructure. Smart targeting of that €2 trillion in public funds and considering how it impacts the lives of both women and men is the essence of Gender-responsive public procurement, or GRPP. Topics Economic and financial affairs Publication date 18 Oct 2022 Gender-based violence Gender-based violence Back Gender-based violence Gender-based violence in the EU What is gender-based violence Regulatory and legal framework Costs of gender-based violence Publications In focus Gender-based violence and crises Female genital mutilation Cyber violence against women Femicide Administrative data collection Risk assessment and risk management Intimate partner violence and witness intervention View all Focus areas Two years on: women fleeing Russia’s war in Ukraine need more support How can essential healthcare services be strengthened for victims of conflict-related sexual violence? Topics Health Migration Youth Violence Publication date 20 Feb 2024 EIGE stresses the need for gender dimension in DSA transparency reporting EIGE, in its contribution to a public consultation on the design of transparency reports under the Digital Services Act (DSA), has highlighted the need to include gender-based measurement instruments. Topics Digital agenda Violence Publication date 01 Feb 2024 Gender Equality Index Gender Equality Index Gender Statistics Database Gender Statistics Database Back Gender Statistics Database Browse Gender Statistics Data talks FAQs About Search About us About us Back About us Who we are Our Work Organisation Contact us How we work Our partners EU candidate countries and potential candidates Projects Planning and reporting Documents registry Beijing Platform for Action (BPfA) Work with us Recruitment Procurement Marking a Milestone: 10+ Years of cooperation with EU pre-accession countries with the support of DG NEAR We look back on the key achievements and reflections from our decade of cooperation with EU pre-accession countries. Publication date 16 Jun 2023 Search Search Search Home Gender equality + climate action = our future Take #3StepsForward for a just and fair Europe Two years on: women fleeing Russia’s war in Ukraine need more support How can essential healthcare services be strengthened for victims of conflict-related sexual violence? Topics Health Migration Youth Violence Publication date 20 Feb 2024 From STEM to Sustainability: Empowering Women and Girls in Science Jobs in the EU’s environmental goods and service sector grew by 23% from 2010 to 2020. But is the EU accommodating women’s participation in its fastest-growing sector? Topics Employment Energy Environment and climate change Publication date 09 Feb 2024 EIGE stresses the need for gender dimension in DSA transparency reporting EIGE, in its contribution to a public consultation on the design of transparency reports under the Digital Services Act (DSA), has highlighted the need to include gender-based measurement instruments. Topics Digital agenda Violence Publication date 01 Feb 2024 Challenges and Changes: promoting women in law enforcement EIGE's Director, Carlien Scheele, addresses a High-level International Conference on Women in Law Enforcement organised by the Lithuanian Ministry of Interior on 2 February 2024 with the participation of women in leadership positions in the internal security sector, both at the EU and at national levels. Topics Justice Migration Violence Publication date 02 Feb 2024 Make 2024 the year you commit to a green and gender-equal Europe EIGE is doubling down on our New Year’s resolution: to build a green and gender-equal Europe. Topics Energy Environment and climate change Poverty Publication date 17 Jan 2024 EIGE welcomes the election of Esther Van Dijk as the Chair of EIGE’s 6th Management Board It is our great pleasure to welcome Esther Van Dijk, from the Netherlands, after being elected as Chair of the Board, following EIGE’s 41st Management Board meeting, held on 9-10 November 2023 in Vilnius. Her term starts on 1 January 2024. Publication date 03 Jan 2024 Browse EIGE's products Gender Equality Index Publications Toolkits Videos Step-by-step toolkits for institutions Gender-responsive Public Procurement This practical toolkit to implement gender-responsive public procurement (GRPP) across the different stages of the procurement cycle is designed for contracting authorities at all levels, including EU institutions, bodies and agencies. It will also support policymakers and practitioners working towards gender equality and gender mainstreaming. Section Gender mainstreaming Gender Budgeting This step-by-step toolkit aims to assist managing authorities in the European Union to apply gender budgeting tools in the processes of the European Union Funds under shared management. It offers a variety of tools and highlights promising practices from different EU Member States. Section Gender mainstreaming Gender Equality in Academia and Research - GEAR tool The Gender Equality in Academia and Research (GEAR) tool provides universities and research organisations with practical advice and tools through all stages of institutional change, from setting up a gender equality plan to evaluating its real impact. Section Gender mainstreaming Gender-sensitive Parliaments This is an online tool to support national parliaments of EU member states and the European Parliament in assessing and monitoring gender-sensitivity in terms of their organisation and working procedures. Section Gender mainstreaming Gender Impact Assessment Does a law, policy or programme reduce, maintain or increase the gender inequalities between women and men? This step-by-step guide helps institutions identify where policies are causing or strengthening gender inequalities and how they can be effectively re-directed. It provides both a theoretical model of gender impact assessment and real, hands-on information from several EU Member States on its practical... Section Gender mainstreaming More on gender mainstreaming Let's stop gender-based violence EIGE stresses the need for gender dimension in DSA transparency reporting EIGE, in its contribution to a public consultation on the design of transparency reports under the Digital Services Act (DSA), has highlighted the need to include gender-based measurement instruments. Topics Digital agenda Violence Publication date 01 Feb 2024 Two years on: women fleeing Russia’s war in Ukraine need more support How can essential healthcare services be strengthened for victims of conflict-related sexual violence? Topics Health Migration Youth Violence Publication date 20 Feb 2024 Challenges and Changes: promoting women in law enforcement EIGE's Director, Carlien Scheele, addresses a High-level International Conference on Women in Law Enforcement organised by the Lithuanian Ministry of Interior on 2 February 2024 with the participation of women in leadership positions in the internal security sector, both at the EU and at national levels. Topics Justice Migration Violence Publication date 02 Feb 2024 Orange The World 2023: Prevention & Protection EIGE focused on raising awareness on the economic and social implications of gender-based violence for the annual campaign. Publication date 09 Dec 2023 Hidden in plain sight: improving legal responses for ‘invisible’ victims of femicide Topics Health Justice Youth Violence Publication date 07 Feb 2023 More on gender-based violence Gender equality in numbers 30% of senior ministers dealing with environment and climate change are women Choosing when and where to work is a higher motivation factor for women platform workers 79% of doctorate graduates in ICT are men 21% of CEOs, executives and non-executives of the largest listed companies are women 41% of the presidents and members of the highest decision-making body of research funding organisations are women Gender Statistics Subscribe to our newsletter Get notifications about news alerts, publications and more Contact us Do you have feedback or media enquiries for us? You can leave them here. Useful links Who we are Recruitment News Events Popular pages What is gender mainstreaming? What is gender-based violence? Forms of gender-based violence Gender Equality Index Glossary and Thesaurus EIGE in social media Linkedin YouTube Facebook Twitter Help us improve European Institute for Gender Equality © 2024 European Institute for Gender Equality An EU Agency Disclaimers Web Accessibility Legal notices Personal Data Protection Cookies Policy Login To top