DCMI: Home Dublin Core Open menu Specifications DCMI Metadata Terms The fifteen terms of the Dublin Core™ Metadata Element Set plus several dozen properties, classes, datatypes, and vocabulary encoding schemes. Dublin Core Specifications Current and past specifications developed and maintained by DCMI Dublin Core Schemas DCMI term declarations represented in various machine-processable schema languages, defining the structure and syntax of metadata specifications. LRMI The LRMI specification is a collection of classes, properties and concept schemes for markup and description of educational resources. BIBO Bibliographic Ontology (BIBO) is a Semantic Web vocabulary for expressing citations and bibliographic references. DCTAP The DC Tabular Application Profiles specification is a simple model for application profiles that can be developed in a spreadsheet program. Events Annual Conferences Continuing an unbroken sequence of more than twenty years of DCMI Annual Conferences. Webinars & Tutorials Occasional webinars and online tutorials orgainized by the DCMI. DCMI 2024 Conference Community DCMI Community DCMI is defined by its community which is responsible for the innovative developments and evolving good practices. Education Committee The DCMI Education Committee coordinates activities and publications that teach and inform users about current developments and technologies for metadata. LRMI Working Group The LRMI™ Working Group is charged with defining and executing DCMI work on the LRMI family of metadata specifications. Application Profiles Working Group Working Group for a revised framework to support application profiles, a revised abstract model, and core vocabulary of components and constraints. News Resources DCPapers The Dublin Core Papers repository is an open access resource for scholarly articles and technical papers. DCMI Blog Occasional blog posts report on developments in metadata innovation and practice. Metadata Basics The DCMI approach to metadata aims at achieving pragmatic interoperability among traditional and newer technologies on the basis of knowledge graph design principles. Dublin Core™ User Guide A basic guide in the use of Dublin Core and other DCMI vocabularies. Glossary A guide to terminology used in the DCMI community, past and present, with reflections on how our language for talking about metadata has evolved. LRMI Resources Archived LRMI resources including presentations, reports, and implementations. About DCMI About DCMI DCMI Themes DCMI History About LRMI Organisation Members Governance By-laws Directorate Usage Board Collaborations Contact Twitter YouTube GitHub RSS Feed Close menu Specifications Conferences Webinars Community Learning Resources About DCMI Themes Members Governing Board Usage Board Directorate DCMI 2024 Conference Twitter YouTube GitHub RSS Feed 2024 October 20 th to 23 rd DCMI 2024 Toronto, Canada DCMI 2024, the twenty-second International Conference on Dublin Core and Metadata Applications, will explore metadata's role in trustworthy AI, fighting misinformation, and knowledge representation within its theme of Trust, Transformation, and Humanity. Call for Participation View conference details Webinars Metadata in Scholarly Research: Collection, Management, and Standardization In this webinar, Dr. Mayernik will discuss findings and insights from multiple projects focused on metadata collection, management, and standardization within the context of scientific data curation. The webinar will discuss important socio-technical dynamics that influence what metadata get generated in different situations, and how data archives and repositories work to ensure quality and standardization. December 14, 2023 News Dublin Core announces openWEMI for community review Dublin Core introduces openWEMI for community review, a minimally constrained RDF vocabulary based on Work, Expression, Manifestation, and Item (WEMI) concepts. It diverges from IFLA's library-focused approach, offering broader application in metadata modeling and including the Endeavor class and common properties for diverse metadata resources. The vocabulary, with documentation and a turtle file, seeks feedback via GitHub and a mailing list. November 29, 2023 News B.M. Watson wins the DCMI-2023 Student Forum Award B. M. Watson from the University of British Columbia School of Information wins the DCMI 2023 Student Forum Award for their proposal, 'The Trans Metadata Collective' (TMDC). TMDC intends to enhance the representation and inclusion of trans and gender-diverse communities in cultural heritage institutions. November 10, 2023 Themes The activities of DCMI, its members and its communities are broadly characterised under four themes. Stewardship DCMI develops and curates open-standard metadata vocabularies such as the Dublin Core; hosts the Learning Resource Metadata Initiative (LRMI); and provides good-neighbor support for other related metadata activities. Community DCMI's international community of metadata practitioners and experts meet in working groups and at an annual conference to share implementation experience and reports on research and new developments. Learning Teachers and experts of metadata technologies from around the world hold tutorials, online meetings, and webinars to discuss and disseminate innovative metadata solutions. Development Since pioneering the Application Profile in the 1990s, DCMI continues to develop profiles and related vocabularies spanning practical techniques such as spreadsheets and modern technologies such as data shapes. Regional Members The National Library Board of Singapore The National Library of Finland The National Library of Korea Institutional Members Stanford University Libraries University of Porto hbz National Library of Sweden CEDIA Göttingen State and University Library schema.org Shanghai Library Simmons University The National Library of Portugal UNESP University of Edinburgh ZBW Footer DCMI is an organization supporting innovation in metadata design and best practices across the metadata ecology. Twitter YouTube GitHub RSS Feed Specifications DCMI Metadata Terms DCMI Specifications Dublin Core Schemas LRMI BIBO Outreach Conferences Webinars News DCMI Blog Resources Organisation About DCMI Themes DCMI Community Members Governance Usage Board Website Service Status Privacy Legal Contact Unless indicated otherwise, DCMI documents are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License . Please see the DCMI Document Notice for further instructions. Copyright © 1995-2024 DCMI . All Rights Reserved. DCMI liability , trademark/service mark , document use rules apply. Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our privacy statements. The Dublin Core Metadata Initiative (DCMI) is a project of ASIS&T—a U.S. 501(c)(3) nonprofit under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Contributions to DCMI through ASIS&T are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law in the United States. Deployed with Hugo v0.120.4 on 19 Feb 24 08:40 UTC