Serpentine Galleries Skip to content Entry to our exhibitions is free. Due to the popularity of our current exhibitions we have released a limited number of free tickets which guarantee timed entry. It is advisable to book a ticket over the weekend to guarantee entry. If your chosen time slot is fully booked you may still be able to visit but may need to queue. Close Donate Today What's On Plan your visit Art & Ideas Initiatives Shop Press Support Private Hire Jobs About Our History Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Twitch Tiktok Telephone: 020 7402 6075 Email Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Book Tickets Serpentine Galleries Serpentine Galleries NOW OPEN Serpentine latest stories Atta Kwami: Maria Lassnig Prize Mural Barbara Kruger: Thinking of You. I Mean Me. I Mean You. Refik Anadol: Echoes of the Earth: Living Archive Barbara Kruger Thinking of You. I Mean Me. I Mean You. Now Open Refik Anadol Echoes of the Earth: Living Archive Now Open Shop Now Arts Technologies ← → What's On Join us for exhibitions, events, virtual talks and public art projects. ← → Exhibitions Exhibitions Barbara Kruger: Thinking of You. I Mean Me. I Mean You. Serpentine South Gallery 1 February - 17 March 2024 The artist's first solo exhibition in London in 20 years, featuring a unique selection of installations alongside moving image works and multiple soundscapes. Read more + Exhibitions Exhibitions Refik Anadol: Echoes of the Earth: Living Archive Serpentine North Gallery 16 February - 7 April 2024 A solo exhibition of digital artworks at the intersection of machine learning and creativity, encouraging us to rethink our engagement with the physical world. Read more + Panel Discussion Live In Conversation: Refik Anadol with Mira Lane and Doug Eck, moderated by Kay Watson Offsite Monday 11 March 2024, 7pm Join Refik Anadol in conversation with Mira Lane, Senior Director, Technology and Society, Google, and Doug Eck, Senior Research Director, Google DeepMind. Read more + Public Art Public Art Barbara Kruger: Silent Writings Offsite Every Monday, 4 March - 22 April 2024, 6 - 9pm Experience digital artwork "Silent Writings" by Barbara Kruger at Outernet Arts. Read more + Online Event Live Future Art Ecosystems 4: Art x Public AI Online 19 March 2024, 7pm Livestream: Closed Captions A presentation of Future Art Ecosystems 4 (FAE4) – Serpentine Arts Technologies’ annual strategic briefing. Read more + Exhibitions Exhibitions Yinka Shonibare CBE: Suspended States Serpentine South Gallery 12 April - 1 September 2024 The artist’s first London solo exhibition in over 20 years interrogates the ecological impact of colonialisation, imperialism's legacy on conflict and consequential attempts at peace. Read more + Exhibitions Public Art Exhibitions 2024 at Serpentine 2024 In 2024, Serpentine will present an exciting programme of free exhibitions Read more + Public Art Public Art Atta Kwami: Maria Lassnig Prize Mural Serpentine North Garden 6 September 2022 - 30 April 2024 Serpentine presents a public art mural by the late painter, printmaker, independent art historian, and curator Atta Kwami. Read more + Public Art Artist Campaign Public Art Alexandra Daisy Ginsberg, Pollinator Pathmaker Kensington Gardens Online Offsite From April 2022 Pollinator Pathmaker is a living sculpture made of plants, designed to prioritise the needs of endangered pollinating insects, rather than to please humans. Read more + Plan your visit Find out how to make the most of your visit to the Serpentine Read more Serpentine South Kensington Gardens, London W2 3XA Tuesday - Sunday 10am-6pm Serpentine North West Carriage Drive, London W2 2AR Tuesday - Sunday 10am-6pm Art & Ideas Explore the ideas behind our programme in depth and find out more from the artists we're working with. Article A Mapping of The Bottom Dimension On the Agents’ Ethical Question Denise Ferreira da Silva, 16 Jan 2024 Philosopher, artist and activist, Denise Ferreira da Silva performs a tarot reading through Gabriel Massan's video game, Third World. Read more + Article The Artist Who Brought Giants out of the Forest Dr Ulrich Bruemmer, 6 Dec 2023 When he met the giant wooden sculptures by Georg Baselitz – currently showing as part of the artist’s current solo exhibition at Serpentine – journalist Dr Ulrich Bruemmer was rem... Read more + Article Inside RAFTS: Live 20 Nov 2023 A selection of lyrics, reflections and behind-the-scenes imagery from RAFTS Live, the concert component of Rory Pilgrim Turner Prize-nominated project. Read more + Audio Guide Discover more from the Serpentine with our free Bloomberg Connects audio guide. Hear from artists, curators and special guests talking in-depth about Serpentine exhibitions. DOWNLOAD NOW Serpentine Galleries Back to the top Contact us Telephone: 020 7402 6075 Email Us Serpentine South Tuesday - Sunday 10am-6pm Open bank holidays Serpentine North Tuesday - Sunday 10am-6pm Open bank holidays Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Twitch Tiktok Support Join Us Private Hire Our Events Portfolio Our History Archive History of the Pavilion About Press Jobs Our Team Our Policies Sign Up To Our Newsletter Copyright Serpentine Galleries 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Visual identity by Hingston Studio. Site designed by The Unloved. Developed by Effect. Search for: Close