New ideas for Europe’s relations with China, Russia, and beyond Skip to content ECFR home Berlin London Madrid Paris Rome Sofia Warsaw Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Podcasts RSS feeds Region Africa AfricaThe Africa programme analyses the geopolitics of the Africa-Europe relationship. In particular, the programme delves into relations between the African Union and the European Union to find creative foreign policy tools and strategies. It also focuses on two regions that are particularly relevant for Europe: the Horn of Africa and the Sahel. Highlights from Africa SudanAfrican UnionSahelEU-Africa cooperation Asia AsiaThe Asia programme seeks to help Europe recalibrate its relationship with China and its Asian partners. The programme analyses China’s domestic situation, its role in the region, and its increasing global influence. It also places a renewed emphasis on fostering Europe’s relationships with the Indo-Pacific, especially India and Japan. Highlights from Asia ChinaIndiaJapanIndo-Pacific region European Power European PowerThe European Power programme is focused on helping Europeans develop sustainable policy solutions to the issues affecting the European Union’s capacity to act with unity on the global scene. This includes analysing the path forward for enlargement, the energy transition, and European support for Ukraine. Highlights from European Power Charting the Long WarClimateEU enlargementEuropean cohesionEuropean sovereignty Middle East and North Africa Middle East and North AfricaThe Middle East and North Africa programme seeks to support a coherent European agenda in pursuit of regional interests. The programme works with European and regional governments, local voices, and civil society to advance channels of dialogue as well as providing direct policy prescriptions to secure conflict de-escalation, regional stabilisation, and democratic transition. Highlights from Middle East and North Africa Israel-PalestineThe GulfNorth AfricaMigrationTurkey United StatesNew United StatesThe US programme helps Europeans create policy responses to developments in US domestic politics and foreign policy. The programme seeks to strengthen transatlantic relations by exploring the obstacles to a more balanced partnership and developing ideas to overcome them. Highlights from United States US foreign policyUS domestic politicsTransatlantic relations Wider Europe Wider EuropeThe Wider Europe programme aims to help the European Union defend its interests and values in the Western Balkans, Turkey, Russia, and eastern Europe, as well as the South Caucasus and central Asia. The programme also supports EU decision-makers work on a unified and coherent policy to address the challenges resulting from Russia’s full scale-invasion of Ukraine. Highlights from Wider Europe RussiaUkraineBelarusWestern BalkansEU enlargement Analysis Policy BriefsPolicy AlertsCommentariesSpecialsPodcasts Topics ClimateGeoeconomicsDefence, Security, and TechMigration EventsExpertsAbout About ECFRContact usCouncilJobsLeadershipStaffSupport us Search Highlights Charting the Long War Climate Opinion polling European sovereignty Economic sovereignty Defence, Security, and Tech All topics Latest When soft power is spent: Gaza, Ukraine, and Europeans’ standing in the Arab world James Lynch Unity at risk: The domestic strife testing Canada’s commitment to Ukraine Joanna Hosa Featured Wars and elections: How European leaders can maintain public support for Ukraine Ivan Krastev, Mark Leonard Policy Brief As Russia’s war on Ukraine approaches its second anniversary, European leaders need to prevent Vladimir Putin from capitalising on war fatigue in the West. To maintain public support for backing Kyiv in this crucial election year, they should make clear that a Russian victory is not peace Multilateral Matchmaker Carla Hobbs, Rafael Loss, Jana Puglierin, Pawel Zerka Special Multilateral coalitions are increasingly important for combatting global challenges. Europeans have many eligible – and untapped – potential partner countries, but to stand out they need to ensure their offer is as grounded in these partners’ interests as their own The Maghreb maze: Harmonising divergent European policies in North Africa Anthony Dworkin Policy Brief The Maghreb policies of the four most influential EU member states are diverging – but this fragmentation hinders the EU’s long-term interests in the region A sharp right turn: A forecast for the 2024 European Parliament elections Kevin Cunningham, Susi Dennison, Simon Hix, Imogen Learmonth Policy Brief The 2024 European Parliament elections will see a shift to the right in many countries and could mean that a populist right coalition emerges with a majority for the first time Upcoming events 6 Mar Finding untapped partners for a multilateral world: A Black Coffee Morning 6 March 2024 ECFR Berlin, Unter den Linden 17, 10117 Berlin (entrance: Rosmarinstr. 1) ECFR Berlin 15 Mar Warsaw European Conversation 2024 15 March 2024 Online ECFR Warsaw Recent events 4 Mar Charm offensive: What should the West make of Moscow’s Efforts to Court the Global South 4 March 2024 Online 1 Feb New year, new Europe: Defence strategy, capabilities and technology 1 February 2024 Brussels Mark Leonard's World in 30 minutes Ukraine’s future in NATO Podcast Mark Leonard's World in 30 minutes Mark Leonard welcomes Ivan Krastev to discuss how NATO membership can help Ukraine negotiate a durable peace Listen ECFR on air Under the Overcoat: Dead Souls, Volume Two Podcast ECFR on air Under the Overcoat This podcast explores deeper trends beneath the surface of Russia’s daily politics. In this episode, we dive deeper into Russia’s economy during the war on Ukraine. Listen Featured projects Charting The Long War For seven decades, European integration has been driven by the quest for peace. The Russian invasion of Ukraine marks a turning point. Featured Beyond the counter-offensive: Attrition, stalemate, and the future of the war in Ukraine Gustav Gressel Re:shape Global Europe The project strives to engage citizens across Europe and generate a wide debate about the purpose of European power in the twenty-first century Featured Multilateral Matchmaker Carla Hobbs, Rafael Loss, Jana Puglierin, Pawel Zerka Public opinion polling Through polling in EU member states, ECFR’s analysis seeks to unlock shifting coalitions in Europe that favour a more internationally engaged union Featured A crisis of one’s own: The politics of trauma in Europe’s election year Ivan Krastev, Mark Leonard Subscribe to our weekly newsletter We will keep you informed about our latest publications and upcoming events. We will store your email address and gather analytics on how you interact with our mailings. You can unsubscribe or opt-out at any time. Find out more in our privacy notice. Email address Subscribe Latest When soft power is spent: Gaza, Ukraine, and Europeans’ standing in the Arab world James Lynch Commentary 5 minute read Europeans’ reputation as defenders of international law has cratered among their Arab partners. The first step is to recognise the problem Unity at risk: The domestic strife testing Canada’s commitment to Ukraine Joanna Hosa Commentary 3 minute read Canada’s support for Ukraine is becoming intertwined with domestic political competition, raising questions about the steadfastness of one of Kyiv’s main supporters Conservatism by decree: Putin as a figurehead for the global far-right Ksenia Luchenko Commentary 4 minute read Vladimir Putin is ramping up his radical-right credentials. This reinforces his grip on power in Russia, but it could also increase his influence worldwide False economy: Why Europeans should stop slashing development aid to Africa Mimi Alemayehou, David McNair Commentary View from the Council 4 minute read The first two months of 2024 have seen the EU and member states redirect billions of euros of development funding away from Africa – but this could come at great cost to their long-term interests on the continent Not so fast: Why Polish public opinion could slow Warsaw’s EU homecoming Zofia Kostrzewa Commentary 4 minute read Poland’s October election has been hailed by Brussels as an emphatic return to EU centre stage. But as recent ECFR polling shows, Poles are not so thrilled with how the union is addressing their own concerns War, business, and politics: Poland’s support for Ukraine amid agricultural protests Edwin Bendyk Commentary View from the Council 6 minute read Mass farmers’ protests against Ukrainian agricultural imports have raised fears that the country’s strong support for Kyiv is faltering. But the protests are only one part of a much more complicated – and hopeful – picture In the media Our experts are available for media requests. Our work involves many issues relating to Europe and foreign policy, and our programmes focus on Africa, Asia, the Middle East & North Africa, and Wider Europe. All our experts Newsroom Ukrainian military experts are cautious about providing information on these defences, which also include surface-to-air missile systems Nasams (Norway, USA), SAMPS/T (Italy, France) and others El Periodico 2 March 2024 Rafael Loss briefly explains crucial aspects of the Kiev air defence shield Ukraine’s strategy is likely to shift to one of active defence by 2024 to preserve and rebuild its forces and conduct targeted attacks to raise the costs of Russia’s invasion La Razon 2 March 2024 Rafael Loss believes Kyiv will move to active defense by 2024 to preserve and rebuild its forces These recent deals speak to a broader trend in Gulf bailout diplomacy Deutsche Welle 2 March 2024 Camille Lons comments on the foreign policy of Gulf states towards the Egyptian economy They have helped each other many times, supporting each other politically CBC Canada 1 March 2024 Teresa Coratella comments on Giorgia Meloni’s position in Europe and her political relation with Ursula Von Der Leyen More on Africa Tricks of the trade: Strengthening EU-African cooperation on trade in services Iza Lejarraga Policy Brief Services play an increasingly important role in international trade. Improving EU-African trade in services would have wide-ranging benefits for both sides Trading bases: The Red Sea tinderbox and the maritime economy Theodore Murphy Commentary 6 minute read Dream bigger: The next steps for Italy’s new Africa strategy Maddalena Procopio Policy Alert 2 minute read More on Asia The battle for the Indian Ocean: How the EU and India can strengthen maritime security Frédéric Grare, Manisha Reuter Policy Brief China is becoming increasingly assertive in the Indian Ocean. The EU and India should work together to support the smaller states of the region Sunset of the economists Mark Leonard Commentary 0 minute read Security recall: The risk of Chinese electric vehicles in Europe Janka Oertel Commentary 6 minute read More on European Power A crisis of one’s own: The politics of trauma in Europe’s election year Ivan Krastev, Mark Leonard Policy Brief European politics is divided between ‘crisis tribes,’ formed from different traumas. Climate and migration are set to be especially influential in this year’s European Parliament election Agricultural tackles: Protesting farmers and the EU’s climate agenda Susi Dennison Commentary 4 minute read Home alone: The sorry state of Europe’s plans for self-defence Nick Witney Commentary 4 minute read More on Middle East and North Africa Road to nowhere: Why Europe’s border externalisation is a dead end Lorena Stella Martini, Tarek Megerisi Policy Brief Europeans need to stop handing control of their borders to southern Mediterranean states. Instead, they should pursue measures that tie the short-term imperative to reduce irregular migration to longer-term strategies that lessen the need for people to migrate in the first place Recognising Palestine: How Europeans can support a post-Gaza war political track Hugh Lovatt Commentary 5 minute read Trading bases: The Red Sea tinderbox and the maritime economy Theodore Murphy Commentary 6 minute read More on United States The art of vassalisation: How Russia’s war on Ukraine has transformed transatlantic relations Jana Puglierin, Jeremy Shapiro Policy Brief Europeans’ response to Russia’s war on Ukraine confirms their profound dependence on the US – an unwise position given the security challenge in Europe and coming geopolitical competition with China Living in a nuclear-curious world: America’s weakening grip on non-proliferation Rafael Loss Commentary 3 minute read Letter from Washington: Democracy on the ballot Jeremy Shapiro Commentary Views from the Capitals 3 minute read More on Wider Europe Beyond the counter-offensive: Attrition, stalemate, and the future of the war in Ukraine Gustav Gressel Policy Brief The Ukraine conflict is a war of attrition – that Russia is set to win. Europeans must act now to increase supplies, helping Ukraine not only survive, but prevail Ukraine, Russia, and the Minsk agreements: A post-mortem Marie Dumoulin Commentary 8 minute read Death in Russia: Navalny, morality, and politics by other means Marie Dumoulin Policy Alert 2 minute read Views from the Council As Putin and Trump threaten from east and west, Europe must stand up for itself Timothy Garton Ash Commentary View from the Council 4 minute read In the 1950s, European nations tried and failed to build a defence community. They should try again Get realist: How the EU can secure its position amid great power rivalry Tibor Dessewffy Commentary View from the Council 4 minute read Beyond the Mattei plan: Italy’s search for an Africa policy Lia Quartapelle Commentary View from the Council 4 minute read About About us Contact us Council Events Jobs Leadership Staff Support us Region Africa Asia European Power Middle East & North Africa United States Wider Europe Analysis Policy Briefs Policy Alerts Commentaries Specials Podcasts ECFR Offices Berlin London Madrid Paris Rome Sofia Warsaw Media Newsroom ECFR in the media Meet our experts Follow us Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Podcast RSS feeds Newsletter © European Council on Foreign Relations 2024 Imprint Privacy Cookies Accessibility Privacy Preference We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission. We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings. Privacy Preference Essential External Media Accept all Save Individual Privacy Preferences Cookie Details Privacy Policy Imprint Privacy Preference If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission. We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. Here you will find an overview of all cookies used. You can give your consent to whole categories or display further information and select certain cookies. Accept all Save Back Privacy Preference Essential (1) Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website. Show Cookie Information Hide Cookie Information Name Borlabs Cookie Provider Owner of this website, Imprint Purpose Saves the visitors preferences selected in the Cookie Box of Borlabs Cookie. Cookie Name borlabs-cookie Cookie Expiry 1 Year External Media (7) External Media Content from video platforms and social media platforms is blocked by default. If External Media cookies are accepted, access to those contents no longer requires manual consent. Show Cookie Information Hide Cookie Information Accept Facebook Name Facebook Provider Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland Purpose Used to unblock Facebook content. Privacy Policy https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation Host(s) .facebook.com Accept Google Maps Name Google Maps Provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Purpose Used to unblock Google Maps content. Privacy Policy https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en Host(s) .google.com Cookie Name NID Cookie Expiry 6 Month Accept Instagram Name Instagram Provider Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland Purpose Used to unblock Instagram content. Privacy Policy https://www.instagram.com/legal/privacy/ Host(s) .instagram.com Cookie Name pigeon_state Cookie Expiry Session Accept OpenStreetMap Name OpenStreetMap Provider Openstreetmap Foundation, St John’s Innovation Centre, Cowley Road, Cambridge CB4 0WS, United Kingdom Purpose Used to unblock OpenStreetMap content. Privacy Policy https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy Host(s) .openstreetmap.org Cookie Name _osm_location, _osm_session, _osm_totp_token, _osm_welcome, _pk_id., _pk_ref., _pk_ses., qos_token Cookie Expiry 1-10 Years Accept Twitter Name Twitter Provider Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland Purpose Used to unblock Twitter content. Privacy Policy https://twitter.com/privacy Host(s) .twimg.com, .twitter.com Cookie Name __widgetsettings, local_storage_support_test Cookie Expiry Unlimited Accept Vimeo Name Vimeo Provider Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA Purpose Used to unblock Vimeo content. Privacy Policy https://vimeo.com/privacy Host(s) player.vimeo.com Cookie Name vuid Cookie Expiry 2 Years Accept YouTube Name YouTube Provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Purpose Used to unblock YouTube content. Privacy Policy https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en Host(s) google.com Cookie Name NID Cookie Expiry 6 Month Privacy Policy Imprint