Home | AHA Skip to content Show Menu Join Donate AHA Communities MY AHA Buy AHA Merchandise Cookies and Privacy Policy Login Login Help Search News & Advocacy AHA Advocacy Guiding Principles on Taking a Public Stance Policies and Procedures for Considering Amicus Brief Requests AHA Letter to South Carolina State University Opposing Plan to Cut Majors (February 2024) Coalition of Organizations Letter Opposing Florida SB 1372 (February 2024) AHA Letter to Florida Legislature Opposing Harmful K–12 Teacher Training Bill (February 2024) AHA Letter to Iowa House of Representatives Opposing Bill on K-12 Social Studies Curriculum (February 2024) AHA Sends Letter to Indiana Legislature Opposing “Intellectual Diversity” Tenure Bill (February 2024) AHA Sends Letter to Nebraska Legislature Opposing Bill to Eliminate Tenure (February 2024) AHA Letter to Manhattan College Opposing Termination of History Faculty Members (January 2024) Resolution Passed at the 137th Business Meeting (January 2024) AHA Submits Testimony Opposing Ohio SB 83 (November 2023) AHA Signs Letter Opposing Elimination of Programs at SUNY Potsdam (October 2023) AHA Signs ACLS Statement Opposing Major Cuts to West Virginia University Programs (September 2023) AHA Signs CIE Letter Urging HEA-Title VI Funding for FY 2024 (September 2023) AHA Statement on Florida’s African American History Standards (August 2023) AHA Letter to New College of Florida Expressing Concern over History Professor’s Nonrenewal (July 2023) AHA Letter Opposing Alabama Legislation Stripping Funding from Department of Archives and History (July 2023) AHA Signs ACLS Statement on Supreme Court Affirmative Action Ruling (July 2023) AHA Sends Letter Opposing Museum of the American Revolution’s Hosting of Moms for Liberty Event (June 2023) AHA Endorses Resolution Recognizing Anniversary of the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre (June 2023) AHA Letter to Alabama Senate Opposing “Divisive Concepts” Bill (May 2023) AHA Statement Opposing Exclusion of LGBTQ+ History in Florida (May 2023) AHA Signs CIE Letter Urging Title VI Funding for FY 2024 (May 2023) AHA Testimony Opposing Ohio Learning Standards Legislation (May 2023) AHA Letter to North Carolina House of Representatives Opposing Bill to Eliminate Tenure (May 2023) AHA Letter to Florida Senate Opposing Restrictive Education Bill (May 2023) AHA Letter to SFSU President Regarding “Investigation” of History Professor (April 2023) AHA Sends Letter to Texas House of Representatives Opposing Legislation to Eliminate Tenure (April 2023) AHA Letter Opposing Proposed South Dakota Social Studies Standards (April 2023) AHA Letter to Ohio Senate Opposing Higher Education Bill (April 2023) AHA Signs On to ACLS Statement Opposing Florida House Bill 999 (March 2023) AHA Statement Opposing Florida House Bill 999 (March 2023) AHA Letter Expressing Concern for US Citizen and History Teacher Imprisoned in Russia (March 2023) AHA Sends Letter to Marymount University Opposing Proposed Elimination of History Major (February 2023) AHA Signs On to ACLS Statement in Support of Academic Freedom and New College of Florida (February 2023) Manager of Teaching and Learning Testifies before Virginia Board of Education (February 2023) AHA Letter to US Secretary of State Urging Assistance with Safe Return of Pierre Buteau (January 2023) AHA Sends Letters Opposing Proposed Elimination of History Major at Marymount University (January 2023) AHA Signs On to American Anthropological Association Letter Opposing Appointees to New College of Florida Governing Board (January 2023) AHA Signs On to CIE Letter Urging Title VI Funding for 2023 (January 2023) AHA Announcements AHA in the News Advertising in FNN AHA in the News Archive Members Making News Everything Has a History Ukraine, Russia, and the Cold War and its Legacies: Resources from the American Historical Association The History of Racist Violence in the United States: Resources from the American Historical Association A Bibliography of Historians' Responses to COVID-19 The Assault on the Capitol in Historical Perspective: Resources for Educators History Behind the Headlines Historians on the Confederate Monument Debate Everything Has a History Video Library America Inside Out Welcome Page Teaching History with Integrity Freedom to Learn Teaching with Integrity: Historians Speak AHA Testimony Before Legislatures and Boards of Education AHA Speaks in Support of Honest History Learn from History For Educators: Explaining Today Acknowledgments Calendar Add a Calendar Item Calendar Item Details Congressional Briefings News and Advocacy Archives AHA Advocacy 2024 AHA Advocacy 2023 All News 2024 All News 2023 AHA Announcements 2024 AHA Announcements 2023 AHA in the News 2024 AHA in the News 2023 Members Making News 2024 Members Making News 2023 Press Resources Coalitions Advocacy with COSSA Advocacy with the National Coalition for History Advocacy with the National Humanities Alliance Research & Publications American Historical Review Perspectives on History About Page Masthead Mobile Perspectives on History Contact Us Get Perspectives All Topics All Articles Thematic List List of Past Issues Remote Teaching Resources About Staff All Topics Remote Teaching Resources Search All Resources History in Focus Where Historians Work Where Historians Work (2004–13) Where Historians Work (2014–17) Methodology History, the Past, and Public Culture: Results from a National Survey Introduction 1. How Does the Public Define “History”? 2. Why Does the Public Care about the Past (If It Cares at All)? 3. Where Do People Get Their History? 4. Which Sources of the Past Are Viewed as Trustworthy? 5. How Does the Public Want to Learn about the Past? 6. What Have the Public’s History Education Experiences Been Like? 7. What Aspects of the Past Does the Public Want to Learn More About? 8. How Much Does the Public Value the Field of History and Historians’ Work? 9. What Are the Public’s Attitudes toward a Changing and Uncomfortable Past? 10. Is There a Link between Historical Outlooks and Civic Engagement? Appendix A: Survey Development and Methodology Appendix B: Survey Instrument and Topline Results Appendix C: Project Advisers About the Survey Project Leadership Acknowledgments Directories ArchivesWiki Listing in the Directory Directory of History Departments and Organizations Directory of Dissertations AHA Reads Past AHA Reads Challenges Booklet Orders Booklet Orders for Members Advertising Commenting Policy Subscriptions Permissions Mailing Lists Teaching & Learning Why Study History? Department Advocacy Toolkit Questionnaire: Why Study History? Careers for History Majors Teaching Resources for Historians Classroom Materials Approaches to Teaching Teaching with DigHist Resources for Globalizing the US History Survey Resources for Tuning the History Discipline The Decision to Secede and Establish the Confederacy: A Selection of Primary Sources Plagiarism: Curricular Materials for History Instructors How to Detect and Demonstrate Plagiarism Teaching and Learning in the Digital Age Sixteen Months to Sumter History and Policy Education Program Reacting to the Past AHA Online Teacher Institute in World History Regional Conferences on Introductory History Courses Annual Texas Conference on Introductory History Courses Utah Conference on Introductory History Courses Online Teaching Resources AHA Online Teaching Forum History Gateways About History Gateways History Gateways Resources History Gateways Events & Activities Globalizing the US History Survey About Bridging Cultures Tuning the History Discipline About Tuning Past Events 2016 History Discipline Core 2013 History Discipline Core Tuning Participants Future of the African American Past Digital History Resources Resources for Getting Started in Digital History Evaluation of Digital Scholarship in History Digital History Glossary Project Roles and a Consideration of Process and Product Extending the Reach of Scholarly Society Work to HBCU Faculty Final Report on Extending the Reach of Scholarly Society Work to HBCU Faculty Mapping the Landscape of Secondary US History Education Jobs & Professional Development AHA Career Center Post a Job Career Diversity for Historians About Career Diversity Career Diversity Data Personal Narratives Career Diversity Faculty Resources Resources for Students and Early Career Professionals Career Resources AHA Career Contacts Five Skills Careers for Students of History Careers in Public History Data on the History Profession Resources for Job Candidates and Search Committees Why Become a Historian? Are You Thinking of a Career in Secondary Schools? An Option Worth Pursuing: Teaching Opportunities for History Graduate Students in Secondary Schools The Many Careers of History PhDs Retirement Resources Professional Life Mentoring Statements, Standards, and Guidelines of the Discipline Statement on Standards of Professional Conduct Guidelines for Academic Tenure-track Job Offers in History Guidelines on Accessible Publishing Guidelines Regarding Transparency in Career Entry Point Records for Recipients of Graduate Degrees Guidelines for Family/Partner Hiring Guidelines for First-Round Interviews Statement on Productivity Guidelines for Advising the Doctoral Dissertation Process Guidelines for Broadening the Definition of Historical Scholarship Guidelines for Online Teaching Statement on Right to Engage in Collective Bargaining Guidelines for Acknowledgment of Collaborators Statement on Research Access Improving the Status of Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Recommendations for History Departments AHA Resolution Supporting Scholars off the Higher Education Tenure Track Guide for Dealing with Online Harassment Criteria for Standards in History/Social Studies/Social Sciences Guidelines for the Incorporation of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning in the Work of the History Profession Guidelines for Historians for the Professional Evaluation of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning Guidelines for the Preparation, Evaluation, and Selection of History Textbooks Statement on Dual Enrollment/Concurrent Enrollment Statement on Employing International Faculty Statement Supporting Skills-Based Employment for International Students Standards for Museum Exhibits Dealing with Historical Subjects Statement on Age Discrimination Statement on Diversity and Affirmative Action Statement on Excellent Classroom Teaching of History Guidelines for the Preparation of Teachers of History Statement of Support for Academic Freedom Guidelines on the Professional Evaluation of Digital Scholarship by Historians Statement on Graduate School Offers of Financial Support Statement on Policies Regarding the Option to Embargo Completed History PhD Dissertations Statement on Scholarly Journal Publishing When Academic Departments Merge: First Principles, Best Practices Equity for Minority Historians in the Academic History Workplace: A Guide to Best Practices Statement on Peer Review for Historical Research Statement on Oral History and Institutional Review Boards Benchmarks for Professional Development Meetings & Seminars Calendar Annual Meeting Program Late-Breaking Sessions at AHA24 AHA24 Sponsors Exhibitors, Sponsors, and Advertisers Advertising in the Annual Meeting Program Dates & Deadlines Hotels and Travel Registration Refund Policy Resources and Guides Future Meetings Past Meetings Past Meetings Archive Affiliated Societies at the Meeting Instructions for Affiliate Sessions and Events Proposals Call for Proposals Submitting a Proposal Proposal Submission FAQs Creative Session Formats Business Meeting Awards & Grants Awards & Prizes Herbert Baxter Adams Prize AHA Prize in American History AHA Prize in European International History AHA Prize in History prior to CE 1000 Troyer Steele Anderson Prize Eugene Asher Award James M. Banner, Jr., Lecture on the State of the Discipline of History Jerry Bentley Prize Beveridge Family Prize in American History Beveridge Family Teaching Prize Paul Birdsall Prize Albert B. Corey Prize Raymond J. Cunningham Prize Patricia Buckley Ebrey Prize Equity Awards John K. Fairbank Prize Herbert Feis Award Morris D. Forkosch Prize Leo Gershoy Award William and Edwyna Gilbert Award Clarence H. Haring Prize Honorary Foreign Member J. Franklin Jameson Award Friedrich Katz Prize Joan Kelly Memorial Prize Martin A. Klein Prize Waldo G. Leland Prize John Lewis Award for History and Social Justice John Lewis Award for Public Service to the Discipline of History Littleton-Griswold Prize J. Russell Major Prize Helen & Howard R. Marraro Prize George L. Mosse Prize John E. O'Connor Film Award Eugenia M. Palmegiano Prize James A. Rawley Prize Premio del Rey John F. Richards Prize James Harvey Robinson Prize Nancy Lyman Roelker Mentorship Award Dorothy Rosenberg Prize Roy Rosenzweig Prize Award for Scholarly Distinction Sinclair Prize Tikkun Olam Prize for Promoting Public Historical Literacy Wesley-Logan Prize Grants & Fellowships Albert J. Beveridge Grant Michael Kraus Research Grant Littleton-Griswold Research Grant Bernadotte E. Schmitt Grant Fellowships in Aerospace History Past Recipients Herbert Baxter Adams Prize Recipients AHA Council Annual Meeting Travel Grant Recipients AHA Prize in American History Recipients AHA Prize in European International History Recipients AHA Prize in History prior to CE 1000 Recipients AHA-NEH SHARP Grant Recipients Troyer Steele Anderson Prize Recipients Eugene Asher Award Recipients Jerry Bentley Prize Recipients Jerry Bentley World History Travel Grant Recipients Beveridge Family Prize in American History Recipients Beveridge Family Teaching Prize Recipients Albert J. Beveridge Grant Recipients Paul Birdsall Prize Recipients Albert B. Corey Prize Recipients Raymond J. Cunningham Prize Recipients Patricia Buckley Ebrey Prize Recipients Equity Award Recipients Extraordinary Service Award Recipients John E. Fagg Prize Recipients John K. Fairbank Prize Recipients Herbert Feis Award Recipients Morris D. Forkosch Prize Recipients Leo Gershoy Award Recipients William and Edwyna Gilbert Award Recipients Gutenberg-e Prize Recipients Clarence H. Haring Prize Recipients Honorary Foreign Member Recipients J. Franklin Jameson Award Recipients J. Franklin Jameson Fellowship Recipients Friedrich Katz Prize Recipients Joan Kelly Memorial Prize Recipients Martin A. Klein Prize Recipients Michael Kraus Research Grant Recipients Waldo G. Leland Prize Recipients John Lewis Award for History Recipients John Lewis Award for Public Service Recipients Littleton-Griswold Grant Recipients Littleton-Griswold Prize Recipients J. Russell Major Prize Recipients Helen & Howard R. Marraro Prize Recipients George L. Mosse Prize Recipients Fellowship in Aerospace History Recipients National Institute of Social Sciences Annual Meeting Travel Grant Recipients John E. O'Connor Film Award Recipients Eugenia M. Palmegiano Prize Recipients James A. Rawley Prize Recipients Premio del Rey Recipients John F. Richards Prize Recipients James Harvey Robinson Prize Recipients Nancy Lyman Roelker Mentorship Award Recipients Theodore Roosevelt-Woodrow Wilson Award Recipients Dorothy Rosenberg Phi Beta Kappa Travel Grant Recipients Dorothy Rosenberg Prize Recipients Roy Rosenzweig Prize Recipients Bernadotte Schmitt Grant Recipients Award for Scholarly Distinction Recipients James G. Stofer Annual Meeting Travel Grant Recipients Tikkun Olam Prize Recipients Wesley-Logan Prize Recipients Discontinued Awards Awards & Fellowships Calendar About AHA & Membership About Us Membership Why Join the AHA? Individual Member Benefits Individual Member Rates Institutional Membership Login Help Donate Donors to the Association Governance Council Divisions Committees Pacific Coast Branch Constitution and Bylaws Policies and Documents of the Association Reports of Committees and Divisions AHA Staff Job Openings at the AHA Affiliated Societies Affiliate Dissertation Grants and Prizes AHA History and Archives Brief History of the AHA Annual Reports Year in Review Historical Archives Presidential Addresses GI Roundtable Series National History Center AHA Online Washington History Seminar AHA Online Submissions Buy AHA Merchandise FAQ Sign Up to Learn More about AHA Teaching History with Integrity February 2024 December 2023 Purchase the Careers for History Majors Booklet Department Advocacy Toolkit 1 2 3 4 5 Pause Resume Perspectives Mar 05, 2024 - We Will All Go Together When We Go Have ideas of academic integrity changed since the 1940s? Mar 04, 2024 - Advocacy Briefs The AHA continues its state- and institution-level advocacy. Feb 28, 2024 - Super-X-Ear An ad for the Wrist-Ear sent historian Jaipreet Virdi looking for the physical hearing aid itself. Feb 27, 2024 - Horacio Roque Ramírez (1969–2015) This Long Overdue tribute honors oral historian Horacio Roque Ramírez, who died on Christmas Day 2015 in Echo Park, Los Angeles, at age 46. Feb 22, 2024 - AHA Member Spotlight: Kathryn Brammall Kathryn Brammall is a professor and chair of history at Truman State University and the managing editor of the Sixteenth... Feb 21, 2024 - Toward the 250th As the new president of Monticello, historian Jane Kamensky is gearing up for the semiquincentennial of the United States. Feb 20, 2024 - Intersecting Lines An increasing number of job ads for modern Latin American history now also ask for expertise in Latino/x history. Why? Feb 15, 2024 - AHA Member Spotlight: James McSpadden James McSpadden is an assistant professor at the University of Nevada, Reno. He lives in Reno, Nevada, and has been a member since 2013. Go to Perspectives News Mar 01, 2024 - AHA Member Authors Book on Alexander Hamilton’s Old Harlem Neighborhood (March 2024) AHA member Davida Siwisa James has authored Hamilton Heights and Sugar Hill (Fordham Univ. Press), which traces four centuries of the West Harlem… Mar 01, 2024 - AHA Member Awarded the Lewis Mumford Prize for Best Book in Planning History (March 2024) Congratulations to AHA member Mike Amezcua (Georgetown Univ.), who has been awarded the Lewis Mumford Prize by the Society for American City and… Mar 01, 2024 - AHA Members Awarded 2024 ACLS HBCU Faculty Fellowships and Grants (February 2024) Congratulations to AHA members Ana Lucia Araujo (Howard Univ.), Karen Cook Bell (Bowie State Univ.), Yinghong Cheng (Delaware State Univ.), Frederick… Mar 01, 2024 - AHA Member Featured in Article about National Parks Tribal Liaisons (March 2024) AHA member Jason Herbert was featured in an article from ABC 7 Denver about the work that US Forest Service tribal liaisons are doing to“bridge… Mar 01, 2024 - AHA Members Named to Brennan Center Historians Council on the Constitution (March 2024) Thirteen AHA members were recently named to the Historians Council on the Constitution, a new initiative from the Brennan Center for Justice… Feb 29, 2024 - Coalition of Organizations Submit Letter Opposing Florida SB 1372 (February 2024) The AHA, as part of a nonpartisan coalition of organizations, has signed on to a letter opposing Florida SB 1372, which would threaten the integrity… View More News Teaching History with Integrity The AHA, its members, and other historians find ourselves on the front lines of a conflict over America’s past, confronting opponents who are actively promoting ignorance in service of misleading notions of unity. Through Teaching History with Integrity, the AHA leads or participates in several initiatives to provide resources and support for history educators facing intensifying controversies about the teaching of the American past. Historians have a crucial role to play as participants in public deliberations about how to engage students in truthful and rigorous inquiry in history classrooms. The Pacific Coast Branch (PCB) of the American Historical Association was organized in 1903 to serve members of the American Historical Association living in the Western States of the United States and the Western Provinces of Canada. All members of the AHA living in those areas, therefore, are also members of the Branch. Join the AHA Donate Collaborate Renew The American Historical Association is the largest professional organization serving historians in all fields and all professions. The AHA is a trusted voice advocating for history education, the professional work of historians, and the critical role of historical thinking in public life. As a member, your dues support these and other initiatives: Revising introductory history courses to serve students from all backgrounds and prepare them for life in a complex society Rethinking doctoral education in history to improve student experience and increase historians’ impact within and beyond the academy Creating resources to support high school and college history teachers during the COVID-19 pandemic Working to ensure the preservation of records and historians' access to archives Sign Up to Learn More Latest Job Postings Loading … AHA Career Center Calendar Mar 6 2024 Coalition for International Education Title VI & Fulbright-Hays Advocacy Event (March 5–6) Mar 7 2024 Virtual Event | James P. Jones Distinguished Lecture in US History with Tara Dudley Mar 8 2024 Call for Submissions | 2024 Ninth Circuit Civics Contest Calendar Tweets by AHAhistorians AHA Site Map News & Advocacy Research & Publications Teaching & Learning Jobs & Professional Development Annual Meeting Awards & Grants About AHA & Membership Full Site Map Get Involved Why should I join the AHA? How can I support the AHA? Connect Contact Phone: 202.544.2422Email: info@historians.org 400 A Street SEWashington, DC 20003 Payments: PO Box 347214, Pittsburgh PA 15251-4214 © 2024 American Historical Association