Grist.org: Climate. Justice. Solutions. | Grist Skip to content Grist home Support nonprofit news $10/mo $15/mo Other Donate Donate Climate. Justice. Solutions. Grist home Follow Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on YouTube Get your weekly dose of good climate news to your inbox Email Submit Δ Donate Donate Tuesday, March 5th Politics Energy Equity Solutions All Topics Menu A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Search Go To About Support Us Newsletters Advertise Become a Member Events The Grist 50 Imagine 2200 Cli-Fi Topics Politics Energy Equity Solutions All Topics Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on YouTube Get your weekly dose of good climate news to your inbox Email Submit Δ How to ‘decouple’ emissions from economic growth? These economists say you can’t. Akielly Hu & Joseph Winters The Beacon A Weekly Dose of Good Climate News Sign up for free to receive our weekly roundup of stories about climate progress, solutions, and action. Subscribe Latest Latest Want clean electricity? These are the overlooked elected officials that get to decide. Emily Jones Your guide to electricity and energy policy in Georgia Emily Jones Under pressure from activist investors, big brands agree to report and reduce plastics use Joseph Winters There’s a reason Exxon’s CEO says its emissions are your fault Kate Yoder Texas will add more grid batteries than any other state in 2024 Julian Spector, Canary Media Featured Featured Is the USDA’s spending on ‘climate-smart’ farming actually helping the climate? Max Graham An invisible chemical is poisoning thousands of unsuspecting warehouse workers Naveena Sadasivam & Lylla Younes At least 10 states quietly own lands within Indian reservations — and profit from them Maria Parazo Rose & Anna V. Smith, High Country News Recent Why one Southern California city is updating its zoning code after decades of environmental issues Residents in Pomona’s industrial zone have dealt with pollution from waste facilities, warehouses, and other polluting industries for close to a century. Erin Rode Buildings Washers and dryers are about to get a whole lot more efficient The new guidelines will save people $2.2 billion a year in utility costs and eliminate 71 million tons of planet-warming CO2 emissions. Tik Root Energy As ticks spread, the US is getting closer to understanding the true extent of Lyme disease A revised CDC reporting system led to a 70 percent increase in reported cases of Lyme disease, but experts say more can be done. Zoya Teirstein Health Who’s behind the destruction of Brazil’s Cerrado? Some of the world's largest pension funds bet big on Brazilian farmland. Communities, and the climate, are paying the price. Sarah Sax & Maurício Angelo Agriculture Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Here's How To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Here's How Topics Grist reports on topics like Politics, Energy, Equity, Solutions, and how they intersect with climate. All topics. Extreme Weather How air pollution delayed a surge in extreme rain Jake Bittle In $100 million Colorado River deal, water and power collide Alex Hager, KUNC As the Klamath River dries, tribal nations and farmers come to rare agreement Anita Hofschneider Intensifying atmospheric rivers are leading to a surge in Valley fever cases in California Zoya Teirstein Atmospheric rivers are battering California. Why don’t residents have flood insurance? Naveena Sadasivam Indigenous Affairs Cash-strapped University of Arizona says climate action can wait Anita Hofschneider How the US government began its decade-long campaign against the anti-pipeline movement Adam Federman Campus divestment activists eye fossil fuel profits on stolen land Anita Hofschneider Top 5 takeaways of our investigation into state trust lands Tristan Ahtone How we investigated the land-grant university system Maria Parazo Rose & Clayton Aldern Staff Picks View → The extractive industries filling public university coffers on stolen land Tristan Ahtone, Robert Lee, Amanda Tachine, An Garagiola, Audrianna Goodwin, Maria Parazo Rose, & Clayton Aldern Indigenous Affairs How climate change is making us sick Zoya Teirstein The Cochise County Groundwater Wars Jake Bittle To get off fossil fuels, America is going to need a lot more electricians Emily Pontecorvo The Roadless Rule is supposed to protect our wild places. What went wrong in the Tongass National Forest? Jacob Resneck, Eric Stone, Edward Boyda, & Clayton Aldern How a Koch-owned chemical plant in Texas gamed the Clean Air Act Naveena Sadasivam & Clayton Aldern Imagine 2200: The 2024 climate fiction collection Discover 12 brand-new short stories offering vivid, hope-filled, diverse visions of climate progress. More climate fiction Accensa Domo Proximi Cameron Neil Ishee Gifts We Give to the Sea Dinara Tengri The Imperfect Blue Marble Rae Mariz Cabbage Koora: A Prognostic Autobiography Sanjana Sekhar The Long In-Between Andrew Kenneson Imagine winners To Labor for the Hive Jamie Liu The Last Almond Zoe Young A Seder in Siberia Louis Evans California towns are banning new gas stations. Big Oil is paying attention. Some activists view the industry's response as a badge of success. Kate Yoder Cities How to recycle the giant magnets inside wind turbines? These scientists have a few ideas. Many turbines rely on high-demand rare-earth minerals. A new Department of Energy program aims to keep them out of landfills. Maddie Stone Energy The IRA will help ‘energy communities.’ But what does that mean? Biden’s green transition could overlook towns heavily reliant upon fossil fuels for industries like steelmaking and fertilizer production. Katie Myers Equity Israel’s campaign in Gaza is fueling demands to make ‘ecocide’ an international crime The Hague can only prosecute four types of crimes. Ecocide could become the fifth. Lylla Younes International Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Here's How Watch This 10 min How efforts to protect an Indigenous oasis almost led to its demise Maria Parazo Rose & Daniel Penner Video 8 min Erosion and sea-level rise are coming for their Louisiana home. They’re staying anyway. Duy Linh Tu 6 min Should we pull carbon out of the air with trees, or machines? Jesse Nichols 10 min The very bad math behind the Colorado River crisis Jake Bittle & Daniel Penner 6 min Just how good were Exxon’s climate projections? Jesse Nichols To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Here's How Illinois EPA must revamp its permitting process after Chicago activists file civil rights complaint “It shouldn't have to be this hard to get these common sense rules in place.” Siri Chilukuri & Juanpablo Ramirez-Franco Cities Decades after the US buried nuclear waste abroad, climate change could unearth it A new report says melting ice sheets and rising seas could disturb waste from U.S. nuclear projects in Greenland and the Marshall Islands. Anita Hofschneider Indigenous Affairs Sheep may soon graze under solar panels in one of Wyoming’s first ‘agrivoltaic’ projects The elevated photovoltaic panels can actually improve grazing conditions, a novelty that could help make solar projects more land-efficient and accepted in the ranching-heavy state. Jake Bolster, Inside Climate News Energy Los Angeles just showed how spongy a city can be Amid relentless rains, the city’s “sponge” infrastructure helped gather 8.6 billion gallons of water — enough to sustain over 100,000 households for a year. Matt Simon, WIRED Extreme Weather Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Here's How Subscribe The Beacon Need a dose of good climate news? Subscribe to The Beacon to receive a weekly roundup of the solutions driving us forward. Subscribe The Daily Want the latest reporting from Grist in your inbox every day? The Daily is a free daily roundup of our top stories. Subscribe The only newsroom focused on exploring solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grist’s site and newsletters free. Support Grist Topics Energy Politics Solutions Accountability Extreme Weather The Grist 50 Company About Team Contact Careers Fellowships Pressroom DEIJ More Newsletters Events Visionaries Bureau Become a Member Advertising Republish Accessibility Sustainability As part of our commitment to sustainability, in 2021 Grist moved its office headquarters to the Bullitt Center in Seattle’s vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood. Known as one of the greenest commercial buildings in the world, since it opened its doors on Earth Day in 2013 the Bullitt Center has been setting a new standard for sustainable design. © 1999-2024 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on YouTube Grist.org uses cookies for enhanced user experience, and for analyzing the site's performance and traffic. Grist may share information about your use of our website with social media partners and analytics partners. Privacy Policy X Share This Video: