Utah Events, Attractions, Hotels, Restaurants and Things to Do | Visit Utah Toggle Main Menu Get The Travel Guide Places To Go Toggle Menu Close Menu National Parks Northern Utah Cities & Towns Parks & Outdoors Southern Utah Salt Lake City & Wasatch Front Dark Sky Parks Winter in Southern Utah Ski Resorts Things To Do Toggle Menu Close Menu Arts & Museums Backpacking Camping Cycling Dinosaurs Festivals & Events Filmed in Utah Fishing Food & Nightlife Hiking History Mountain Biking OHV & Off-Road Rafting Road Trips Rock Climbing Skiing Slot Canyons Snowboarding Snowmobiling Snowshoeing Sporting Events Stargazing Tribal Cultures Explore Toggle Menu Close Menu Forever Mighty Itineraries Stories #SheTravelsUtah Plan your trip Toggle Menu Close Menu Travel Guides & Maps International Travel Responsible Travel Where to Stay Accessible Travel Guides & Outfitters Itineraries Ski Travel Weather Site Search Close Menu Toggle International International Toggle Menu Close Menu USA Deutsch Français U.K. Canada Australia Get the Travel Guide Contact Get the Newsletter Media State of Utah Economic Opportunity Privacy UTAH Arches National Park Stories to Inspire Your Adventure Previous Group Next Group Eagle Point: Your Own Private Ski Resort Written By Ryan Salm 4 minute read Eagle Point is different from most other ski areas. It really does feel like you are skiing at your own private resort. How to Visit Utah's National Parks Written By Ryan Coons 3 minute read Get the most out of a visit to Utah’s parks and monuments, while also ensuring they stay Forever Mighty, by following these tips. Fisher Towers River Rafting Written By Bob Wassom 5 minute read Join Bob Wassom, and a few others, as they raft down the Fisher Towers stretch of water disproving any idea or stereotype suggesting disabilities hinder outdoor recreation. Fresh Tracks in Kamas – Utah's Snowcountry Written By Melissa Fields 7 minute read Not far from the hustle and bustle of Utah’s renowned Park City-area ski slopes is an untamed, snow-filled wonderland waiting to be explored. Here in the Wasatch Back, snowshoeing, ice fishing and snowcat skiing set the stage for an outdoors-facing winter getaway imbued with authenticity and solitude. Deep Powder, Open Bowls: The Best Utah Cat Skiing Written By Jill Robinson 3 minute read A cat-ski trip gets you maximum untracked runs with minimal hiking, and it’s not as big a hit to your wallet as heli-skiing. Here’s how. Woodward Is Fun For the Whole Family Written By Alexandra Lev 4 minute read Woodward's decades of action sports expertise is right at home in Park City, with camps and programs for all ages. 7 Trails Near Zion National Park to Expand Your Hiking Experience Written By Monique Beeley 7 minute read While Zion Canyon is the centerpiece of Utah’s most-visited national park, there are a number of options for well-prepared hikers looking to deepen their familiarity with the landscape of southwestern Utah and to seek solitude among the red rock. Start exploring with these seven trails and destinations. How to Visit Rock Imagery Sites Like an Archaeologist Written By Elizabeth Hora There are untold thousands of rock imagery sites across Utah, and hundreds of thousands of archaeological sites of every stripe. Learn how to explore these sites with the respect and deference they deserve. Pass Go: Making the Most of the Ikon Pass Written By Paula Colman 4 minute read That's right, Utah is home to six incredible Ikon Pass resorts. Plan your trip with this local's guide to making the most of your Ikon Pass in Utah. Off the Eaten Path: Dining Between the Mighty Five Written By Paula Colman 6 minute read Whether you’re visiting a single Utah national park or all five, take time to explore and enjoy the local food on the spectacular routes between the parks. Traveling with Dogs: The Mighty 5 National Parks Written By Visit Utah At all of The Mighty 5® national parks, activities with pets are extremely limited, and every time your dog is out of your vehicle, it must be restrained in a crate, cage, or on a leash (of no more than 6 feet). Wellness in the National Parks Written By Tiffini Porter 5 minute read Put your health on the itinerary with easy-to-follow tips to help you care for your body, mind and spirit while exploring in and around Utah’s national parks. An Insider's Guide to Visiting East Zion Written By Jenny Willden 4 minute read Looking to venture beyond The Narrows and Angels Landing? Head to East Zion to glimpse wondrous slot canyons, soaring sandstone monoliths and crimson-colored cliffs — without the crowds. Slot Canyons: A Guided Hike Through Nature's Masterworks Written By Visit Utah 4 minute read It's said that southwestern Utah offers the highest concentration of slot canyons in the world. Well-prepared visitors can hike right into some of them, but the best experience is with a guide. Fall in Love With Utah Explore activities, itineraries & where to stay Get a Free Utah Travel Guide With maps, itineraries and trip planning tips The official Utah Travel Guide will help you thoughtfully navigate from Utah's northern mountains and lakes to its southern red rock country. Download or order by mail See All Itineraries Previous Group Next Group 01 7 Days Yellowstone Loop Everyone must go to Yellowstone once in his or her lifetime, and using Northern Utah as your gateway makes it that much greater. Dinosaurs, Hiking, History and Heritage, Kid-Friendly, Scenic Drives/Road Trips, Wildlife Highlights Antelope Island State Park Bear Lake State Park Grand Teton and Yellowstone Park City See Itinerary 02 10 Days The Mighty 5: Ultimate Journey Grab a national parks annual pass for best access to The Mighty 5®. Hiking, Scenic Drives/Road Trips Highlights Arches National Park Bryce Canyon National Park Canyonlands National Park Capitol Reef National Park Zion National Park See Itinerary 03 6 Days Thelma & Louise: A Tribute Road Trip Through the Classic Film’s Utah Settings Perfect for fans of the beloved film “Thelma & Louise,” tour the exact places where the movie was shot, and make some memories of your own exploring the beauty of this exquisite desert. Arts, Film Tourism, Food and Drink, Ghost Towns, Glamping, Hiking, Scenic Drives/Road Trips, Women's Travel Highlights Moab Arches National Park Dead Horse Point Overlook Cisco and Thompson Springs Ghost Towns La Sal Mountains See Itinerary 04 6 Days Sandstone Spires & Swimming Holes Walk the paths of dinosaurs and descend through 200 million years of geologic history in this six-day road trip from Vernal to Kodachrome Basin. It’s a kid-friendly desert drive in search of dino tracks, slot canyons and swimming, Dinosaurs, Hiking, History and Heritage, Kid-Friendly, Scenic Drives/Road Trips Highlights Dinosaur Tracks in Vernal Crystal Geyser in Green River Hoodoos & Slots of Goblin Valley The Red Cliffs of Capitol Reef The White Cliffs of Grand Staircase Sandstone Spires in Kodachrome Basin See Itinerary "Nobody can discover the world for somebody else. Only when we discover it for ourselves does it become common ground and a common bond and we cease to be alone." – Wendell Berry, "A Place on Earth" In Love. In Utah. Other Helpful Tools Accessible Utah Utah is known for its recreation opportunities, but did you know all of these attractions and activities are accessible to people of all ability levels? Itineraries Utah adventures range from satisfying solitude to amazing high adventure. Follow a recommended itinerary to make your Utah trip planning that much easier. Responsible Travel Hub Each person who visits Utah leaves an impact, review these resources to ensure you're ready to visit thoughtfully. Showing 0 of 0 Load More Dark Sky Parks Explore Road Trips Explore Parks & Outdoors Explore Winter Activities Explore Stories Field Guides: Voices From the Forever Mighty Landscape Meet the people whose lives have been shaped by nature — and are helping others find their way. Good Roots: The Faces of Utah’s Food Culture Written By Austen Diamond 5 minute read Meet some of the agricultural entrepreneurs that are elevating the tastes of Utahns and visitors through heritage and best practices, new and old. How to Visit Utah's National Parks Written By Ryan Coons 3 minute read Get the most out of a visit to Utah’s parks and monuments, while also ensuring they stay Forever Mighty, by following these tips. Why Your Kids Need a Utah Trip Written By Kim Heys 3 minute read Discover where adventure and learning converge across iconic rivers and ancient canyons. Showing 0 of 0 Load More Well-prepared travel is responsible travel. Do your part by planning ahead Get a Travel Guide & Highway Map Sign up for the Newsletter Contact Governor's Office of Economic Opportunity Media Privacy Site Map State of Utah Copyright © 2024 Utah Office of Tourism. All Rights Reserved. Previous Image Next Image