TechCrunch | Startup and Technology News TechCrunch plus-bold TechCrunch Open Navigation TechCrunch Facebook, Instagram and Threads were all down in massive Meta outage on Super Tuesday Sarah Perez YouTube is experiencing outages, too, site confirms Amanda Silberling Ema, a ‘Universal AI employee’, emerges from stealth with $25M Ingrid Lunden Elon Musk switched on X calling by default: Here’s how to switch it off Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Zack Whittaker Competition in AI video generation heats up as Deepmind alums unveil Haiper Ivan Mehta The Latest YouTube is experiencing outages, too, site confirms Mar 05, 2024 Amanda Silberling Several social media websites are experiencing outages on Tuesday morning. YouTube confirmed that some users are having trouble loading videos on the platform; meanwhile, platforms like Discord and Me Discord comes back online after widespread outage Mar 05, 2024 Aisha Malik Discord is back online after an outage this morning, the company confirmed to TechCrunch. The outage came as Meta’s Instagram, Facebook and Threads all went down this morning. YouTube has also c Tesla’s Berlin factory to shut down for days after suspected arson attack cuts power Mar 05, 2024 Sean O'Kane Tesla’s factory outside Berlin, Germany will likely be shut down for days and cost the automaker more than $100 million, after a suspected arson attack on the local power grid. The fire didn&#82 New geospatial data startup streamlines satellite imagery visualization Mar 05, 2024 Ron Miller These days we have a ton of geospatial data coming off the increasing numbers of satellites circling in our atmosphere, but it takes some serious processing power and engineering prowess to turn that Facebook, Instagram and Threads were all down in massive Meta outage on Super Tuesday Mar 05, 2024 Sarah Perez Reports are coming in that a number of Meta’s top social apps, including Facebook and Instagram, as well as its new app Threads, are all experiencing an outage on Tuesday morning. When loading t US sanctions founder of spyware maker Intellexa for targeting Americans Mar 05, 2024 Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai The U.S. government announced Tuesday sanctions against the founder of the notorious spyware company Intellexa and one of his business partners. This is the first time the U.S. government has targeted AWS follows Google in announcing unrestricted free data transfers to other cloud providers Mar 05, 2024 Paul Sawers Amazon’s cloud computing subsidiary AWS has revealed that it will allow customers to transfer their data out of its ecosystem with no so-called “egress fees” attached. The news follo Bitcoin hits new all-time high passing $69,000 for first time since November 2021 Mar 05, 2024 Jacquelyn Melinek It’s been a busy year so far for bitcoin, the largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, and it’s only March. The digital currency hit a new all-time high for the first time since November 2 Right to repair bill targeting parts pairing passes Oregon House Mar 05, 2024 Brian Heater The Oregon House this week passed a right to repair bill by nearly a 3-to-1 margin at 42 votes to 13. If signed into law, the northwestern state wouldn’t be the first the union to pass a right t Monzo, the UK challenger bank with 9 million customers, raises $430 million Mar 05, 2024 Romain Dillet London-based fintech company Monzo raised a late stage funding round of $430 million (£340 million), confirming a report from the Financial Times from a few weeks ago. Following this round, the compa Waze now helps you navigate roundabouts, alerts you about speed limit changes and more Mar 05, 2024 Aisha Malik Waze is adding a few new features that will help users navigate tricky roundabouts, get alerts when a speed limit is about to change and get warnings about speed bumps and sharp curves. The Google-own Ubicloud wants to build an open source alternative to AWS Mar 05, 2024 Frederic Lardinois Using the large cloud computing providers is convenient, but not exactly cheap. Ubicloud, a new startup founded by the team behind Citus Data, which Microsoft acquired in 2019, wants to change the dyn Ema, a ‘Universal AI employee’, emerges from stealth with $25M Mar 05, 2024 Ingrid Lunden Generative AI well and truly has a grip on public technology discourse these days. A new startup called Ema out of San Francisco thinks it’s a lot more than just a passing fancy. It’s emer Binance to halt naira services amid ongoing regulatory probe in Nigeria Mar 05, 2024 Tage Kene-Okafor Binance will discontinue its naira (NGN) services in response to heightened regulatory scrutiny in Nigeria, it said in a blog post today. The cryptocurrency exchange will begin delisting any existing Competition in AI video generation heats up as Deepmind alums unveil Haiper Mar 05, 2024 Ivan Mehta AI-powered video generation is a hot market on the back of OpenAI’s releasing Sora model last month. Two Deepmind alums Yishu Miao and Ziyu Wang have publicly released their video generation too SOLO’s new credit bureau concept helps lenders ditch third-party data Mar 05, 2024 Christine Hall Georgina Merhom developed the concept for SOLO after helping freelancers in Egypt who didn't have bank accounts. Google points to privacy changes, choice screens and data API ahead of DMA compliance day Mar 05, 2024 Natasha Lomas Google has trailed another bundle of product tweaks ahead of Thursday’s deadline for compliance with the European Union’s Digital Markets Act (DMA). The DMA applies to Alphabet, Google&#82 2-year-old LatAm fintech Yuno reaches $150M valuation with backing from DST, Tiger, a16z Mar 05, 2024 Christine Hall The company launched its payments orchestration product in 2022 and provides over 300 payment methods with fraud detection capabilities, one-click checkout and advanced smart routing technology. MacPaw’s new app helps you remove redundant photos from your iPhone Mar 05, 2024 Ivan Mehta MacPaw, the developer of popular Mac and iOS apps, has released a new iPhone app called CleanMyPhone, which helps users free up storage by removing duplicate photos and other unwanted images. The app Cycode acquires Bearer to accelerate its move into AI-enhanced security remediation Mar 05, 2024 Frederic Lardinois Cycode is a well-funded startup that offers an end-to-end application security posture management platform — that is, a tool that continuously scans code (and the libraries it relies on) for pot Load More