Marketing Keynote Speaker, Strategy Consultant, and Author | Mark Schaefer Schaefer Marketing Solutions: We Help Businesses {grow} Rise Above the Noise. Menu Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Podcasts Pinterest Slideshare RSS Home About Mark W. Schaefer Mark Schaefer in the news Client List Reputation Disclosures Speaking Keynote speaker Mark Schaefer Corporate Marketing and Social Media Workshops Meeting Planner Resources Publications Belonging to the Brand Book Mark’s {grow} Blog Marketing Companion Podcast Mark’s Books Community Events The Uprising Photo Gallery Classes Join a Class Consulting Marketing Consultant Instant Marketing Advice With Mark Schaefer Contact Contact Details Press Inquiries – Mark Schaefer The most trusted voice in marketing. Mark Schaefer Helps You Rise Above The Noise Rutgers University faculty member Two masters degrees Studied under Peter Drucker TEN best selling books Seven patents Fortune 100 client base As Seen On Let Mark Schaefer help you RISE ABOVE THE NOISE. Receive Mark Shaefer’s best insights delivered free to your inbox each week! Subscribe for free WATCH MARK IN ACTION NOW! How Can I Serve You? Speaking Audiences LOVE Mark Schaefer’s funny and high-energy presentation style. He is the highest- rated speaker in his category. Click here to see examples of his work, examples of speech topics and his current schedule. Marketing Strategy Whether a global giant like Adidas or a start-up, companies trust Mark Schaefer for his experience and keen insights. Hire this extraordinary strategist today to get your business on track. Spend an hour with Mark Now anybody can connect with a world-renowned business coach quickly and affordably. Schedule a powerful coaching session with Mark Schaefer to focus your business, strategy or personal brand! Personal Branding Masterclass A new live, six-session coaching class is in the works! Take your personal brand to its highest levels with the expert. The Uprising: Marketing Retreat An intimate, private marketing retreat focused on the concepts and skills needed for leaders to conquer what is next. Mark's Books Award-winning social media marketing books for every experience level. Mark's Best-Selling Books Why Community is the Last Great Marketing StrategyFind out more The Most Amazing Marketing Book Ever View Details Buy at: Belonging to the Brand View Details Buy at: Cumulative Advantage View Details Buy at: LESSONS: Essays to Help You Embrace the Chaos View Details Buy at: Marketing Rebellion View Details Buy at: KNOWN View Details Buy at: KNOWN workbook View Details Buy at: The Content Code View Details Buy at: Social Media Explained View Details Buy at: The Tao of Twitter View Details Buy at: Return On Influence View Details Buy at: Born to Blog View Details Buy at: Latest posts from our top-ranked blog View all How to be the best fake possible Why CapCut might be the Gen Alpha social media app The business benefit of social isolation and other observations Five Highlights From My New Speech on AI The Marketing Companion Podcast View all Latest episodes from the world's most entertaining business podcast. Why CapCut might be the Gen Alpha social media app February 28th, 2024 A New Look at Loyalty February 15th, 2024 My most embarrassing business mistakes revealed January 31st, 2024 How Shein and Temu threw a bomb at eCommerce conventions January 17th, 2024 The Marketing Companion Podcast Why not tune into the world’s most entertaining marketing podcast! View details Let's plot a strategy together Want to solve big marketing problems for a little bit of money? Sign up for an hour of Mark’s time and put your business on the fast-track. View details Want a competitive advantage in marketing? Subscribe to my {grow} newsletter for my weekly insights that will set you apart as an elite marketer. Subscribe Our clients include: Mark has been featured in: Connect with me: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Podcasts Pinterest Slideshare RSS Home Reputation Mark’s {grow} Blog Podcasts Subscribe Contact © Copyright Schaefer Marketing Solutions 2024. PO Box 190 Louisville TN 37777 Website By Glass Mountains Close