Patchstorage | Discover & Showcase Your Patches Platform Upload Upload a Patch Ask a Question Sign In × Sign In Sign in with Google Or using credentials Remember Me Register | Lost Password × We are a community of 13299 active audio & visual programming enthusiasts who share and discuss their projects! Explore All Projects Top Contributors Join us on Discord! 201 Pocket Piano 49 Patches • 47 Followers The 201 Pocket Piano, an upgraded version of its predecessor, is a compact, yet powerful musical instrument, featuring six customizable sound engines and built-in note patterns for instant music creation. Despite its small size, it provides an array of sonic textures and can run on battery power, making it ideal for on-the-go music exploration. Aleph 2 Patches • 159 Followers Aleph is a DSP platform for making, warping, and routing various signals for sound production. Modules are based on the highly-flexible patch control environment called "bees" and include operators which serve as building blocks for sampling and synthesis applications (filters, oscillators, envelopes, buffer manipulation, logic tools, etc.). Atom Piano Roll 2 9 Patches • 71 Followers Atom Piano Roll 2 is the most advanced AUv3 MIDI note editor, modular sequencer and clip launcher on iOS. It includes native scripted support for Novation Launchpad controllers and also supports custom hardware scripts, configs and CSS themes. AudioKit Synth One 7 Patches • 147 Followers AudioKit Synth One is the first completely free and open-source full-featured professional iOS synthesizer app. Audulus 125 Patches • 411 Followers Audulus is a minimalist modular software synthesizer and effects processor. With Audulus, you can build synthesizers, design new sounds, or process audio. All with low latency real-time processing suitable for live performance. AUM Audio Mixer 32 Patches • 77 Followers The flexible audio mixer, plugin host, recorder, and connection hub. Multi-channel interface support, MIDI routing, busses, fx sends, built-in EQs, and much more. Axoloti 1 Patches • 14 Followers Axoloti is a platform for sketching music-DSP algorithms running on standalone hardware. BeatMaker 3 10 Patches • 80 Followers BeatMaker 3 is the all-in-one production environment for iPad built around its best-in-class MPC-style sampler. This third iteration in the long-running BeatMaker series for iOS adds full AUv3 instrument, audio effect and midi plugin support, audio tracks, automation, macro-control, midi slave, and hardware integration. Beebo / Hector 125 Patches • 135 Followers Beebo is a pedal with 4 simultaneous delay engines, convolution reverb, IR based cab sim, parametric EQ, matrix mixer and flexible parameter modifiers. Bela 27 Patches • 296 Followers Bela is an open-source embedded platform for real-time audio and sensor processing. Based on the BeagleBone Black and featuring a custom hardware and software environment, Bela integrates audio processing and sensor connectivity in a single high-performance package. Projects can be created using Pure Data, C++, Faust, and SuperCollider. Bespoke 17 Patches • 22 Followers Bespoke is a freeware and open-source modular environment. It can function as a DAW, as an instrument, or in many other ways. Its design has been optimized for jamming and exploration. It is designed to be highly customizable, with the idea that any of the custom layouts that a user creates will be “bespoke” to them as well. Bitwig Studio 8 Patches • 8 Followers Bitwig Studio is a Digital Audio Workstation for Windows, MacOS, and Linux. Apart from traditional DAW work, Bitwig Studio offers a patchable Grid for creating new instruments and effects for audio and MIDI. Cabbage 6 Patches • 330 Followers Cabbage is a cross-platform environment for developing music software. It gives users a full set of tools for developing audio plugins, Android instruments, and standalone software. With Csound at its core, users will not be found wanting when it comes to the development and exploration of fast and efficient signal processing techniques. Camomile 18 Patches • 27 Followers Camomile is a plugin with Pure Data embedded that offers to load and to control patches inside a digital audio workstation. The plugin is available as VST, VST3 and Audio Unit for Windows, Linux and MacOS. Further information is available on the plugin website. Cardinal 79 Patches • 53 Followers Cardinal is a free and open-source virtual modular synthesizer plugin, available as JACK standalone and AU, LV2, VST2, and VST3 audio plugin for FreeBSD, Linux, macOS, and Windows. ChucK 3 Patches • 16 Followers ChucK is a programming language for real-time sound synthesis and music creation. It is open-source and freely available on MacOS X, Windows, and Linux. ChucK presents a unique time-based, concurrent programming model that's precise and expressive, dynamic control rates, and the ability to add and modify code on-the-fly. Dirtywave M8 5 Patches • 54 Followers M8 is a portable tracker sequencer and synthesizer M8 is powered by the Teensy micro-controller and inspired with love from the renowned Gameboy tracker Little Sound DJ. Featuring 8 tracks of freely assignable instruments capable of a wide range of sounds including waveform synthesis, FM, virtual analog, sample playback, and MIDI output. Drambo 604 Patches • 282 Followers Drambo is an innovative modular groovebox and audio processing environment. Modular components are used to build synthesized and sample-based instruments and audio effects using high-quality DSP and audio-rate modulation. Tied to a powerful sequencer, it’s an optimal music creation tool for sound design, composition, performance, and experimentation. DROID 4 Patches • 4 Followers The DROID is a very flexible generic CV processor for modular synthesizers in the Eurorack format. The DROID can do almost any CV task you can imagine. You tell your DROID what to do using a simple text file called “DROID patch.” This is done with an application for Mac or Windows called "DROID Forge". EaganMatrix 122 Patches • 57 Followers The EaganMatrix is a modular digital synthesizer invented by Edmund Eagan, utilizing a purpose-designed DSP engine by Lippold Haken. The EaganMatrix allows users to finely craft their musical sound by digitally connecting audio and control modules via a patching matrix. The EaganMatrix synthesizer is internal to the Continuum Fingerboard, the ContinuuMini, and Expressive E’s Osmose keyboard. No external hardware is required. The synthesizer is edited by using an external cross-platform editing program, the Haken Editor. Echosystem 112 Patches • 54 Followers The Echosystem is a delay pedal that does a lot of stuff. The designers update the firmware every once in a while to add features, modes, and break critical functionality. Patch Import/Export guide here. ELZ_1 12 Patches • 23 Followers The ELZ_1 is a digital synthesizer that has a variety of unique sound engines and is highly portable. ETC 102 Patches • 223 Followers The ETC is a video synthesizer that reacts to audio and musical data. It runs patches called modes that can be written in Python. Eventide H90 305 Patches • 104 Followers Eventide’s H90 Harmonizer re-defines the sonic possibilities of a multi-effects pedal, seamlessly merging the studio-level versatility of Eventide’s flagship H9000 rack unit with the streamlined form factor of the H9 Max pedal. EYESY 77 Patches • 93 Followers EYESY is a video synthesizer that reacts to audio and MIDI. It is the next generation of ETC. EYESY runs patches called modes that can be written in Python or openFrameworks/Lua. FAC Drumkit 16 Patches • 46 Followers FAC Drumkit combines samples and synthesis and brings unique Amp and Pitch envelopes. You can synthesize your own drums in a fun and creative way. For instant results, use the provided presets, load your favorite sample pack in the 16 voices, or use the randomization engine. FAC Drumkit is an expressive instrument, the amount of velocity can be set individually for each amplitude envelope, and the pitch envelopes can be modulated by external MIDI control change messages. Groove Rider 9 Patches • 44 Followers Groove Rider GR-16 is an Electribe-style groovebox app for iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch. It has 4-voice polyphony per part and is a 16-part multitimbral. Each part can either be a sample player, a simple but powerful synth engine, a wavetable oscillator that can import Serum wavetables, a slicer that will support manual slicing into up to 16 fine-tunable slices and MPC-style slice triggering and finally one of the included factory instruments like basses, pianos, organs, guitars, brass instruments, etc. Hermod 1 Patches • 7 Followers Hermod is a Eurorack sequencer, gate/cv modulation source, cv to midi converter from Squarp with a lot of inputs, outputs and cross modulation possibilities. Holon.ist 3 Patches • 9 Followers Holon.ist is a mobile platform for real-time data sonification and augmented music experiences. Holon.ist lets users map sensor data from their iOS devices to musical parameters and also supports external sensors such as Apple Watch, Suunto Movesense and Bose AR devices. LayR 0 Patches • 13 Followers LayR is a massively polyphonic, multi-timbral synthesizer for iOS devices, optimized for modern 64-bit CPUs and capable of delivering up to 256 voices of rich, multi-layered and textured sounds. LIVEN 8bit warps 7 Patches • 10 Followers LIVEN 8bit warps is combined an 8-bit waveform memory synthesizer with a step sequencer, that we are designing with a focus on live electronic performance. Loopy Pro 7 Patches • 25 Followers Loopy Pro a friendly loopstation and DAW for iOS and macOS, with an infinitely customizable workspace. The ultimate in creative freedom. Loopy Pro is a highly configurable looper and clip-launcher, with unlimited tracks, sophisticated and flexible grouping/sectioning and automation. If you can dream it, you can do it. LV2 Plugins 337 Patches • 25 Followers Area for LV2 audio plugins. Currently, only builds for linux-amd64, rpi-aarch64 & patchbox-os-arm32 are supported. You can upload plugins using the patchstorage-lv2-uploader utility. Max for Live 5 Patches • 53 Followers Max for Live is a visual programming environment that allows users to build instruments and effects for use within Ableton Live. MaxMSP 26 Patches • 113 Followers MaxMSP is a visual programming language that helps you build complex, interactive programs without any prior experience writing code. MaxMSP is especially useful for building audio, MIDI, video, and graphics applications where user interaction is needed. Meris LVX 227 Patches • 89 Followers Meris LVX is a modular delay system for musical instruments. Delay elements can be enabled and routed to create extremely flexible delay patches. Meris MercuryX 98 Patches • 21 Followers Modular Reverb System with pro audio & studio rack heritage, advanced processing, and high performance signal path. Midiboy 10 Patches • 21 Followers Midiboy is an open-source DIY handheld MIDI computer and a retro game console. Based on Arduino, Midiboy can be reprogrammed from an online library of open-source MIDI programs and retro games called sketches. And as you have to assemble the Midiboy yourself, you will learn about electronics, soldering, and programming in the process. Midihub 75 Patches • 115 Followers Midihub is a versatile hardware MIDI Processor & Router. Using the dedicated Editor you can set up Midihub to process MIDI messages in tons of useful and creative ways and once your presets are stored you can use Midihub completely stand-alone! miRack 278 Patches • 212 Followers miRack is a Eurorack-style modular synthesizer for iPad. It aims to provide user experience and audio quality close to those of the real Eurorack hardware. The app comes with a growing collection of modules created by third-party developers, some of which are virtual versions of real Eurorack modules. Moog Model 15 19 Patches • 144 Followers The Moog Model 15 App is the first Moog modular synthesizer and synthesis educational tool created exclusively for iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch. It is a software recreation of a Model 15 modular synth from 1973. Moog Model D 4 Patches • 71 Followers The Moog Model D App (iOS) is a software recreation of the iconic Model D synthesizer from 1970. Mozaic 337 Patches • 213 Followers Mozaic is a 'workshop-in-a-plugin' for creating your own MIDI plugins on iOS. Using the built-in script engine and the various controller layouts anyone can add powerful MIDI functionality to their mobile music setups. NanoStudio 22 Patches • 74 Followers NanoStudio 2 is a powerful music production environment for recording, synthesis, sampling, arranging, editing, and mixing. It’s the successor to the original NanoStudio, an app held in high regard by musicians for many years for its usability, quality, and productivity. Nebulae 12 Patches • 24 Followers Nebulae is a granular sampler and DSP platform. Its phase vocoder audio engine provides elastic audio, which can be time stretched, granularized, and mangled to no end. Alternate firmware files can be written with Pure Data, Csound, SuperCollider, and even bare-bones C programs. NuRack 2 Patches • 27 Followers NuRack is an AUv3 based multi-channel audio and MIDI effects processor with a difference, it actually allows you to design your own custom effects using the building blocks provided. You have full control over routing which allows you to create complex audio paths in series or parallel. Orac 126 Patches • 174 Followers Orac is a virtual modular based on Pure Data and created by Mark Harris. Its is designed to be easy to use on lightweight computing platforms, and provides features such as Presets and Midi Learn. Being flexible for users, Orac lets you create your own modules, and thus extend the Orac ecosystem. Orca 48 Patches • 68 Followers Orca is a visual programming playground. It is designed to control other applications, create procedural sequencers, and experiment with live coding. Organelle 605 Patches • 818 Followers Organelle is a hardware instrument that makes it easy to explore new sounds and experiment with new ways of making music. It combines playful and intuitive controls with the powerful Pure Data sound engine. Other Platforms 39 Patches • 15 Followers A place for patches and files dedicated to other platforms that aren't listed on the site. OWL 6 Patches • 341 Followers The OWL is an open-source, programmable audio platform available in hardware as a guitar pedal and Eurorack synthesizer module. Patches can be written in C++, FAUST, or Puredata. Pd-extended 49 Patches • 398 Followers Pd-Extended is a version of Pd-Vanilla that comes with many libraries written by the community. Pd extended can be used for graphics rendering, OSC communications, audio-visual streaming, and much more. Pd-pulp 7 Patches • 371 Followers Pd Pulp is an audio plugin that enables you to run Pd-Vanilla patches inside your DAW. You can use the automation feature of your DAW to control up to 10 parameters of the loaded Pd patch. Pd-vanilla 258 Patches • 468 Followers Pd-Vanilla is a real-time graphical programming environment for audio, video, and graphical processing. The core of Vanilla is written by Miller Puckette and includes the work of many developers, making the whole package very much a community effort. Pisound 5 Patches • 47 Followers Pisound is a low latency sound card and MIDI interface specially designed for Raspberry Pi pocket computers. Combined with its mobile app Pisound turns your Raspberry Pi into a complete sound machine that runs Pure Data patches ranging from simple audio effects to complex granular synths. plugdata 2 Patches • 20 Followers plugdata is a free/open-source visual programming environment based on pure-data. Available for a wide range of operating systems and can be used as a standalone app or as a VST3, LV2, or AU plugin. It comes with built-in libraries: else and cyclone, and also can export patches to C++ using heavy (hvcc). Polyend & Dreadbox Medusa 2 Patches • 18 Followers A joint development between Dreadbox and Polyend, the Medusa is a 6-oscillator (3 voltage-controlled analog and 3 digital) hybrid synth, coupling the sound of analog with the control of digital. Purr-Data 5 Patches • 32 Followers Purr Data serves the same purpose as original Pure Data, but offers a new and much improved graphical user interface and includes many 3rd party plug-ins. Like Pd, it runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows, and is open-source throughout. Reaktor 9 Patches • 34 Followers Reaktor is a graphical modular software music studio developed by Native Instruments. It lets musicians and sound specialists design and build their own instruments, samplers, effects, and sound design tools. Reason Combinator 2 3 Patches • 13 Followers The most popular device in Reason is one you sometimes might not even realize you’re using. Reason’s Combinator is the workhorse of the Reason Rack, empowering the most powerful, complex, and tweakable sounds in your music. Red Panda Particle 2 89 Patches • 28 Followers Particle™ is a granular delay/pitch shifting pedal. It chops your signal into small grains and then rearranges, shifts, and mangles it, using the granular synthesis techniques in real time. Reverb 66 Patches • 33 Followers The Reverb is a pedal that can do whatever you want as long as it's reverb sounds. It can also do some weird no-so-reverby sounds. The designers update the firmware every once in a while to add features, modes, and break critical functionality. Patch Import/Export guide here. Roland AIRA Modular Customizer 6 Patches • 24 Followers The Roland AIRA Modular Customizer can fully re-program the internal signal path of Roland AIRA Modular effects. Compatible with TORCIDO, BITRAZER, DEMORA and SCOOPER, the AIRA Modular Customizer lets you re-patch an array of virtual sub-modules for complete control of each effect's signal path. Softube-Modular 13 Patches • 38 Followers Buchla and Moog started it all with their modular synthesizers in the 1960s. Doepfer made it affordable in the 1990s by introducing the Eurorack standard. Today, the Modular plug-in from Softube makes the modular synthesizer truly accessible to everyone. SoloRack 0 Patches • 1 Followers SoloRack is a modular synthesizer that mimics the usability and functionality of hardware Eurorack modular systems. It works as a VSTi plugin. Spherical Wavetable Navigator 0 Patches • 4 Followers The Spherical Wavetable Navigator (SWN) is a six-channel synthesizer that makes it easy to create slowly morphing drones, polyphonic melodies, evolving sequences, and rich textures. Stolperbeats 2 Patches • 4 Followers Making Sound Machines Stolperbeats is a drum trigger sequencer designed to create shuffled beats influenced by the gritty push-and-pull grooves from the golden age of Hip-hop. Stolperbeats pattern and configuration files are stored on an SD card to allow for the uncomplicated cross-platform exchange of beats and settings. SunVox 1 Patches • 5 Followers SunVox is a modular synthesizer equipped with a pattern-based sequencer (tracker). SuperCollider 35 Patches • 357 Followers SuperCollider is an audio server, programming language, and IDE for sound synthesis and algorithmic composition. Surface Builder 9 Patches • 18 Followers Surface Builder is a tool for creating control surfaces that send MIDI data to one or more audio components in order to simplify remote control tasks. Synthstrom Deluge 70 Patches • 40 Followers Deluge is Synthstom Audible's flagship product. It is an all-in-one, stand-alone, portable synthesizer, sequencer, and sampler designed for the creation, performance, and improvisation of electronic music. TC-Data 0 Patches • 10 Followers TC-Data is a programmable MIDI and OSC (Open Sound Control) controller for the iPad, driven by multi-touch and device motion controllers. It is a controller interface for any instrument or software that can receive MIDI or OSC. Tomofon 0 Patches • 15 Followers Tomofon is a completely new expressive audio synth. This virtual instrument introduces a new “Audio Model” format capable of containing thousands of waves extracted from ordinary audio files. These waves - and how they’re structured - lays the ground for how Tomofon generates audio, resulting in a highly flexible and instantly expressive instrument. Tonality 19 Patches • 33 Followers Tonality is an iOS app for music theory and MIDI control. With it you can build and play chord pad sets which run inside your favorite AUv3 host. ToneStack PRO 1 Patches • 23 Followers ToneStack PRO Guitar Amps & FX is a UNIVERSAL app for signal processing with the LARGEST and BEST selection of AMPS & FX. Featuring next-generation DSP and seamless AUv3 implementation. ToneStack is the go-to audio processing solution for both guitarists and producers. Presets are universal for both: ToneStack PRO and the older Tonestack app. TouchOSC 21 Patches • 73 Followers Home for community shared TouchOSC patches. TouchOSC is a lightweight and fast scripting engine that allows deep access to all aspects of your controller and enables limitless customization and interactivity. VCV Rack 7074 Patches • 510 Followers VCV Rack is an emulation of modular synthesizers, that works like in real-life, where patches are made adding modules and connecting them with patch chords. It is free and open-source, allowing people to develop new modules. Voltage Modular 14 Patches • 21 Followers Voltage Modular 2.0 is the most feature-rich, sonically flexible software modular synthesizer platform. With its 64-bit high-fidelity sound, massive ever-expanding module library, and infinite musical possibilities, there’s never been a better way to explore the endlessly fascinating world of modular synthesis. VS - Visual Synthesizer 4 Patches • 42 Followers VS provides a creative way to generate beautiful graphical representations of your music projects. Driven by both audio and MIDI data, VS is the visual equivalent of a traditional synthesizer. Zaps 2 Patches • 9 Followers Zaps is an eurorack percussion-line-synth voice designed for creating organic percussive sequences that can mutate over time. It combines different techniques like controlled randomness, morphing, and storing (or locking) synth-voice parameters in externally sequencable CV-controlled slots. ZOIA / Euroburo 1340 Patches • 641 Followers ZOIA is a modular synthesizer in a pedal. It can be used to create effects, synthesizers, and instruments. All programming is done on the ZOIA. Zynthian 5 Patches • 16 Followers Zynthian is a new class of musical device. A powerful multitimbral synthesizer and audio processor, capable of managing up to 16 audio chains simultaneously. It's a MIDI processor and router too, equipped with standard MIDI ports, USB, WIFI & wired networks. © patchstorage™ privacy policy | contact us | discord | api | github issues