Nautilus | Science Connected Nautilus | Science Connected Channels Topics About Contact us Newsletter Become a member Shop Channels Art+Science Biology + Beyond Cosmos Culture Earth Life Mind Ocean One Question Quanta Abstractions Science Philanthropy Alliance Spark of Science The Porthole Women in Science & Engineering Topics Anthropology Arts Astronomy Communication Economics Environment Evolution General Genetics Geoscience Health History Math Microbiology Neuroscience Paleontology Philosophy Physics Psychology Sociology Technology Zoology Already a member? Log in Join Close Search for: Log in Join Anthropology Arts Astronomy Communication Economics Environment Evolution Genetics Geoscience Health History Math Microbiology Neuroscience Paleontology Philosophy Physics Psychology Sociology Technology Zoology Astronomy Here to Save the Day! Asteroid defense gets serious. By Tom Vanderbilt February 28, 2024 Environment The Boy Who Was King of Vanilla His brilliant method of pollination is now used by all vanilla growers. By Elena Kazamia March 1, 2024 Zoology Humpback Whales Caught Humping The first observation of humpback whale copulation reveals a surprise. By Katharine Gammon February 29, 2024 Geoscience Let’s Get Granular Scientists have long puzzled over the behavior of mixed particles in rivers and landslides. New clues could be groundbreaking. By Marcia Bjornerud February 26, 2024 The Porthole Short sharp looks at science Evolution Evolution Is Going According to God’s Plan In the new book Purpose, a Yale psychiatrist argues Darwinian forces are divinely guided. By Ed Simon February 28, 2024 Astronomy Could Modified Gravity Kill Planet Nine? A controversial theory can explain phenomena attributed to the mystery planet. By Tom Metcalfe February 27, 2024 Psychology The Power of Regret A simple game shows how fear of regret shapes decisions. By Geoffrey Engelstein February 26, 2024 Get the best of Nautilus. Become a member today. Join now Cosmos Math What Are the Chances? There are no such things as coincidences. By Chris French February 19, 2024 Physics What Physicists Have Been Missing An exciting new theory reconciles gravity and quantum physics. I think it’s wrong. But I may be too. By Sabine Hossenfelder February 2, 2024 Astronomy The Violent Birth of the Moon Did a colossal collision with a doomed planet give us our satellite? By Rebecca Boyle February 1, 2024 Culture Psychology ChatGPT Is Funnier Than You AI humor in theory and practice. By Jonathan Silvertown February 21, 2024 Arts A Glitch in My Serenade Could AI help me compose a musical expression of love? By Grigori Guitchounts February 14, 2024 Philosophy Who Controls Your Thoughts? Our minds are being coerced in covert ways. By Katherine Harmon Courage January 22, 2024 Earth Geoscience When Calamity Comes at a Crawl Climate change may exacerbate the quiet catastrophe of slow-moving landslides. By Lois Parshley February 23, 2024 Zoology Tools of the Wild: Unveiling the Crafty Side of Nature It’s time to rethink what tools reveal about animal intelligence and evolution. By Michael Haslam & Abigail Desmond February 9, 2024 Environment So Much Depends Upon Antarctica The magnificence of the continent that’s changing our world. By Liz Greene February 8, 2024 Mind Psychology The Dark Side of Awe Probing our sense of mystery and wonder. By Kevin Berger January 29, 2024 Neuroscience Why We Sense Somebody Who Isn’t There When expectations aren’t met, our brains spook us. By Phil Jaekl December 19, 2023 Technology When AI Hallucinates Let’s not praise inaccuracy as creativity. By Oliver Bown November 21, 2023 Life Zoology The Groundhog Watchers Meet Susan and Joe. Their daily observations of the groundhogs in their yard are making science history. By Brandon Keim February 15, 2024 Evolution What You Don’t Know About Sperm A remarkable tale of evolution. By David P. Barash January 3, 2024 Psychology We Can Be Heroes The transformative power of seeing your life as a hero’s journey. A reporter’s eyewitness account. By Adam Piore December 13, 2023 Ocean Zoology Beaches Are Blankets of Fish Poop You really can see the marine ecosystem in a grain of sand. By Joe Roman January 16, 2024 Communication How a New Database Can Help Protect the Ocean The Navigator project centralizes data about marine protected areas—and places with lesser protections—from around the world. By Sarah DeWeerdt November 28, 2023 Arts What Should We Do With an Old Sea Shanty? Grappling with the complicated legacy of an unexpectedly popular musical genre. By Katy Kelleher November 20, 2023 Introducing Mobilize for the Ocean Help us support a healthy, vibrant and sustainable ocean Explore Communication A Knockout Issue By Kevin Berger February 29, 2024 Asteroids, boxing, and hallucinations, in the editor’s note from Print Issue 54. Explore Arts Why Artists Should View The World Through The Eyes Of A Tourist By The Nautilus Marketing Team February 26, 2024 Art+Science A conversation with artist Jorge Colombo. Explore Physics Science Is the New Nuclear Deterrent By Sarah Scoles February 23, 2024 The Porthole Sarah Scoles on her 3 greatest revelations while writing Countdown: The Blinding Future of Nuclear Weapons. Explore Astronomy Inside an Exploded Star By Kristen French February 22, 2024 The Porthole Cassiopeia A gets a close-up. Explore Neuroscience What Your Brain Is Doing When You’re Not Doing Anything By Nora Bradford February 22, 2024 Quanta Abstractions On autopilot, the mind reveals new connections. Explore Health Why Women Wake Up More During Surgery By Jackie Rocheleau February 21, 2024 The Porthole New findings could influence anesthesia dosing for women. Explore Neuroscience People Who Can’t Picture Sound in Their Minds By Ajdina Halilovic February 20, 2024 The Porthole For some, the brain is a quiet place. Explore Philosophy Attorney for the Animals, Your Honor By Brandon Keim February 19, 2024 The Porthole In memory of Steve Wise, a tireless defender of animal rights. Explore Paleontology Unraveling the Evolution of Flight By Elena Renken February 16, 2024 The Porthole Bird brain scans and dinosaur fossils hint at when the first creatures grew wings. Explore Arts The Call to Adventure and the Pit of Despair By The Nautilus Marketing Team February 15, 2024 Art+Science A conversation with Issue 53 cover artist John Hendrix. Explore Astronomy The Thorny Ethics of Making Alien Planets Habitable By Erika Nesvold February 15, 2024 The Porthole Terraforming Mars could risk exterminating the very lifeforms we dream of discovering. Explore Psychology 5 Myths About Love and Desire By Kristen French February 14, 2024 The Porthole Love languages aren’t a thing, and sex every day is probably overdoing it. Explore Communication Could Onomatopoeia Be the Origin of Language? By Caspar Henderson February 13, 2024 The Porthole What we can learn from the ding-dong hypothesis, James Joyce, Buster Keaton, and a language known as !Xoon. Explore Psychology The Brave New Science of Love By Kevin Berger February 12, 2024 The Porthole What casual sex, pigeon relationships, and a drug for broken hearts can tell us about love. Explore Arts Building a Bridge Between Data and Art By The Nautilus Marketing Team February 12, 2024 Art+Science A conversation with Issue 52 cover artist Mark Belan. Explore Environment The Tiny Ant and the Mighty Lion By Summer Rylander February 9, 2024 The Porthole How one insect is reshaping the ecosystem of the African savannah. Explore Psychology Cary Grant Made LSD Therapy Fashionable By Benjamin Breen February 8, 2024 The Porthole Benjamin Breen on his 3 greatest revelations while writing Tripping on Utopia, about the birth of psychedelic science. Explore Zoology The Hidden Butterfly Trade By Katherine Harmon Courage February 7, 2024 The Porthole How the lucrative market could spark conservation. Explore Technology How to Guarantee the Safety of Autonomous Vehicles By Steve Nadis February 6, 2024 Quanta Abstractions The key to preventing crashes is to know what you don’t know. Explore Environment What Plants Hear By Caspar Henderson February 6, 2024 The Porthole They sense the buzzing sounds of pollinators, the vibrations of the wind. Show More NAUTILUS: SCIENCE CONNECTED Nautilus is a different kind of science magazine. Our stories take you into the depths of science and spotlight its ripples in our lives and cultures. Get the Nautilus newsletter Cutting-edge science, unraveled by the very brightest living thinkers. Newsletter Signup – Footer Email: * Please check the box below to proceed. If you are human, leave this field blank. Sign up for free Quick links Home About Us Contact FAQ Prime Ebook Shop Donate Awards and Press Privacy Policy Terms of Service RSS Jobs Newsletter Ethics Policy Social © 2024 NautilusNext Inc., All rights reserved.