DogTime Skip to content Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Ticktok DogTime Open Close Menu Open menuDog Breeds Dog Breed Groups Hybrid Breeds Mixed Breeds Dog Breeds By Traits Puppies Dog Breeds for Zodiac Signs Open menuDog Names Top 100 Dog Names Dog Names By Theme Dog Names By Breed Open menuNews Save A Dog Dogs On Duty Celeb Pets Dog Study Open menuHealth Dog Medications Dog Medical Conditions Behavior Ages & Dog Stages Canine Cancer Dental Care Fitness Flea & Tick Food & Nutrition Grooming Alternative Health Spay & Neuter Open menuLifestyle Dog Training Activities Travel Parties Supplies Pet Safety Grief Home Cleaning Dog Adoption Stories Open menuShop Best Products Search Close Search Are Labrador Retrievers Good With Cats & Other Pets? How Often Do Golden Retrievers Need Grooming & Brushing? How Big Do Pocket Bullies Get? Male & Female Weight Differences Trending Dog Breeds Cavapoo Bernedoodle Cockapoo American Pit Bull Terrier Shih Tzu Belgian Malinois View More Dog Breeds Latest Actress Jennifer Garner Named Dog ‘Martha Stewart’ To Get the Cook’s Attention Jennifer Garner has shared a charming and somewhat unconventional method of getting noticed by none other than culinary and lifestyle… News Zahrah Patel 5 hours ago Actress Julianne Hough Says New Puppy Boosts Her Mental Health Julianne Hough cherishes the joys of puppy companionship as a dog mom. The 35-year-old actress recently shared the profound impact… News Sakcham Tiwari 10 hours ago 81 Dogs Arrive at North Carolina Shelter in 2 Days The Animal Care and Control Shelter in Charlotte, North Carolina, is facing overcrowding challenges after receiving 81 dogs within two… News Milkah Mullanda 1 day ago US Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal Teams Train With Military Working Dogs United States Army Airborne Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) technicians recently played a vital role in supporting Military Working Dog (MWD)… News Sakcham Tiwari 1 day ago North Carolina Man Arrested After Stomping on Dog’s Head A 28-year-old man in Dunn, North Carolina, is facing felony animal cruelty charges for kicking and stomping a dog in… News Milkah Mullanda 1 day ago Nonprofit Dog Treat Company Gets Help From College Students Waggies by Maggie and Friends — a non-profit dog treat company in Wilmington, Delaware — has seen a boost in… News Milkah Mullanda 1 day ago Nebraska Authorities Arrest Suspects Accused of Starving Dogs The Nebraska Humane Society and the Douglas County Sheriff have joined forces to apprehend dog abuse suspects. With the assistance… News Sakcham Tiwari 1 day ago Chicago Police Officer Shoots Unleashed Dog, Injures Another Cop in Process A Chicago police officer shot a dog who allegedly broke loose from their owner’s leash and charged toward them aggressively.… News Milkah Mullanda 1 day ago Dogs and Animal Lovers Rally to Protest Virginia Court Case In Winchester, Virginia, a diverse group of protesters, including dogs, gathered outside a courthouse to voice their opposition to a… News Zahrah Patel 1 day ago Michigan Woman, Dog Fall through Thin Ice Caseville firefighters in Michigan demonstrated exceptional bravery and quick thinking on Friday, Mar. 1, when they rescued a woman and… News Sakcham Tiwari 1 day ago Jon Stewart’s ‘Daily Show’ Tribute of Dog Dipper Raises $25K for NY Animal Shelter During the episode of “The Daily Show” that aired on Feb. 26, Jon Stewart gave an emotional farewell to his… News Sakcham Tiwari 1 day ago French Bulldog Puppy Loses Eye, Surrendered by Owner A French Bulldog puppy named Amari endured severe trauma leading to the loss of one eye and the possibility of… News Zahrah Patel 1 day ago 5 Dogs Dead, 8 Injured Training for Iditarod Sled Dog Race The Iditarod, Alaska’s celebrated annual sled dog race, has heightened its safety measures after five dogs lost their lives. Worse… News Zahrah Patel 1 day ago Alabama Rot, a Flesh-Eating Dog Disease, Spreading in UK Dog owners in the United Kingdom are on high alert as Alabama Rot continues to spread across the country. Since… News Milkah Mullanda 1 day ago See More News Trending California Dog Abandoned, Tied To Tree With Box of Puppies Officials in California, are searching for a forever home for an abandoned dog left tied to a tree with her… News 5 days ago Pros and Cons of a Cavapoo Weighing the pros and cons of a Cavapoo involves considering their adorable mix of Cavalier King Charles Spaniel and Poodle… Reference 7 months ago 10 Fun, Impressive Dog Tricks You Can Teach Any Dog Teaching your dog some tricks is a fun bonding experience for you and your dog. Watch these videos to learn… Dog Training 1 week ago Finding a Good Dog Breeder Before you get your puppy – finding a good dog breeder Puppies 8 months ago 4 Reasons Your Dog’s Tongue Sticks Out Some dogs have a bizarre but adorable trait of sticking their tongues out all of the time. Sometimes it’s just… Dog Health 11 months ago Dog Adoption and Rescue ‘Puppies For Sale?’ Consider Adoption Instead Adoption of a Pet Dog or Puppy: What You Need To Know Shelter vs. Rescue: Where Should You Adopt Your Next Dog? How To Decode Dog Adoption Posts Puppies Pekingese Puppies: Cute Pictures and Facts What Do Cane Corso Puppies Cost? Airedale Terrier Puppies: Cute Pictures and Facts Dutch Shepherd Puppies: Cute Pictures and Facts More Puppies Dog Health Diamond Naturals: Has the Dog Food Brand Issued a Recall in 2024? NutriSource: Has the Dog Food Brand Issued a Recall in 2024? Does My Dog Have Social Anxiety? What To Do if My Dog Doesn’t Drink Enough Water: Causes and Solutions More Dog Health About us Contact us Advertising AD Choices Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions DogTime is a property of Evolve Media Holdings, LLC. © 2024 All Rights Reserved. | Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media Holdings, LLC, and its owned and operated subsidiaries may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links. monitoring_string = "c1299fe10ba49eb54f197dd4f735fcdc" X