MIT - Massachusetts Institute of Technology Skip to content ↓ Massachusetts Institute of Technology Education Research Innovation Admissions + Aid Campus Life News Alumni About MIT More ↓ Admissions + Aid Campus Life News Alumni About MIT Menu ↓ Search Menu Explore websites, people, and locations Look up people by “last name sounds like” What are you looking for? See More Results Suggestions or feedback? Updates from campus: Read messages from MIT's leaders regarding recent events on campus, sharing relevant policies, and correcting misinformation. Spotlight: Mar 5, 2024 Exposure to different kinds of music influences how the brain interprets rhythm: A study of people in 15 countries reveals that while everyone favors rhythms with simple integer ratios, biases can vary quite a bit across societies. Mar 5, 2024 Full story Share: Twitter Facebook MORE FROM THE MIT COMMUNITY CLIMATE ACTION New tests show that high-temperature superconducting magnets are ready for fusion: The detailed study of magnets built by MIT and Commonwealth Fusion Systems confirms that they meet the requirements for an economical, compact fusion power plant. RESEARCH NEWS As it traverses Mars, NASA’s Perseverance rover is methodically drilling into the surface and pulling out cores of bedrock. A new study has determined the original orientations of these rocks, which could shed light on Mars’ ancient magnetic field. IN THE MEDIA Christopher Knittel and Kailin Graham wrote in The Hill that the transition from fossil fuels must support vulnerable workers. “If we’re serious about achieving a truly just transition, far more federal policy action is needed,” they wrote. COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT Tamara Broderick uses statistical approaches to understand and quantify uncertainty in data, which can affect study results. “The reality is that we live in a noisy world, and we can’t always get exactly the data that we want,” she says. ALUMNI IN ACTION Sudhakar Kesavan SM ’84 led the transformation of ICF into a publicly traded global consultancy, as well as its effort to become the world’s first carbon-neutral professional services firm. COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT MBA and PhD student Sydney Johnson analyzes strategies for cutting carbon dioxide emissions in steel production plants. “I want to use a combination of engineering knowledge and business knowledge to work toward mitigating climate change,” she says. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Education Research Innovation Admissions + Aid Campus Life Newsnews.mit.edu About MIT Alumni Join us in building a better world. Massachusetts Institute of Technology 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA, USA Visit Map Events People Careers Contact Privacy Accessibility Social Media Hub MIT@twitter MIT@facebook MIT@youtube MIT@instagram