Baylor University | A Nationally Ranked Christian University, Undergraduate & Graduate Research Colleges Universities Schools in Texas Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Open Mobile Navigation About Baylor Magazine Campus Map Facts and Figures Office of the President Pro Futuris Senior Administration Social Media Academics College of Arts & Sciences Diana R. Garland School of Social Work George W. Truett Theological Seminary Graduate School Hankamer School of Business Honors College Law School Louise Herrington School of Nursing Office of the Provost Professional Education Research Robbins College of Health & Human Sciences School of Education School of Engineering and Computer Science School of Music University Libraries, Museums, and the Press List of Majors Admissions Campus Visits and Tours Graduate School Admissions Law School Admissions Professional Education Social Work Admissions Truett Seminary Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Virtual Tour (College Tour) goBAYLOR Athletics Give Gift & Estate Planning Give Light: The Campaign for Baylor President's Excellence Fund University Advancement Online Tools Bearweb Canvas E-mail/Outlook Web Access System Status Quick Links Center for Global Engagement Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information Diversity & Inclusion Information Technology Services One Stop Student Services Report It Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct/Title IX Transcripts Student Life Wall Street Journal Highlights University Endowment Baylor’s endowment returns are beating even the Ivy League’s; discover why that matters. Learn More World Vision Leadership Baylor alum serves as National Director for Colombia and Venezuela. Learn More Where Faith and Career Intersect Discover dual degrees at Baylor’s Truett Seminary. Learn More Ceremonial Groundbreaking Baylor Regents cap meeting with important milestone for Memorial to Enslaved Persons. Learn More Undergraduate Education Baylor's commitment to excellence and a broad range of academic programs offer students the rich traditions and growth opportunities of a large university with the personalized experiences and community of a smaller one. Discover your calling at Baylor. Undergraduate Admissions Affordability Planner Majors Mailing List Visit Baylor Why Baylor Graduate & Professional Education Baylor's nationally ranked graduate and professional education programs equip students to bring inquiry and innovation, informed by a Christian perspective, to bear on real-world concerns as they pursue their call to lead in academia, the boardroom, the medical profession, the lab, and the studio. Graduate School Professional Education Business Law School Social Work Truett Seminary Virtual Tour Gateways For... Baylor Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Prospective Faculty & Staff Students News Read More News Feb. 28, 2024 On a Mission: Baylor Students to Serve Around the World Over Spring Break Read More Feb. 21, 2024 Baylor Economics Professor Wins 2024 Fulbright U.S. Scholar Award Read More Feb. 21, 2024 Baylor University Announces Exclusive Higher Education Partnership with FC Dallas Read More Feb. 16, 2024 Baylor University Set to Host Collegiate Day of Prayer Read More Feb. 13, 2024 Global Flourishing Study Releases First Wave of Data in Historic Research Project to Uncover Causes of Human Flourishing Read More Feb. 12, 2024 Baylor University Again Named a Top Producer of Fulbright U.S. Students Read More Feb. 8, 2024 Baylor University First-Year Student Applications Shatter Records Read More Jan. 31, 2024 Baylor Student-Faculty Duo Receive 2024 Hatfield Prize Read More Events See More Events Mar 2 2024 Spring Break (Saturday - Sunday) (ends Mar 10, 2024) Mar 4 2024 Men's Basketball vs. Texas - Senior Day | Sneakerhead Night Mar 12 2024 Traditional White Coat Ceremony Mar 29 2024 Easter Holidays (ends Apr 1, 2024) Apr 3 2024 Beall Poetry Festival (ends Apr 5, 2024) Apr 8 2024 Diadeloso (Also Total Eclipse Day!) May 10 2024 Spring 2024 Commencement (ends May 11, 2024) Jun 3 2024 First class day of Full Summer Session & Summer I Session About Baylor University Baylor University is a private Christian University and a nationally ranked Research 1 institution. The University provides a vibrant campus community for more than 20,000 students by blending interdisciplinary research with an international reputation for educational excellence and a faculty commitment to teaching and scholarship. Chartered in 1845 by the Republic of Texas through the efforts of Baptist pioneers, Baylor is the oldest continually operating University in Texas. Located in Waco, Baylor welcomes students from all 50 states and more than 90 countries to study a broad range of degrees among its 12 nationally recognized academic divisions. Learn More About Baylor Follow Us Baylor University on Facebook Baylor University on Instagram Baylor University on Twitter Baylor University on LinkedIn Baylor University on Pinterest Baylor University on YouTube About Back Baylor Magazine Campus Map Facts and Figures Office of the President Pro Futuris Senior Administration Social Media Academics Back College of Arts & Sciences Diana R. Garland School of Social Work George W. Truett Theological Seminary Graduate School Hankamer School of Business Honors College Law School Louise Herrington School of Nursing Office of the Provost Professional Education Research Robbins College of Health & Human Sciences School of Education School of Engineering and Computer Science School of Music University Libraries, Museums, and the Press List of Majors Admissions Back Campus Visits and Tours Graduate School Admissions Law School Admissions Professional Education Social Work Admissions Truett Seminary Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Virtual Tour (College Tour) goBAYLOR Athletics Give Back Gift & Estate Planning Give Light: The Campaign for Baylor President's Excellence Fund University Advancement Online Tools Back Bearweb Canvas E-mail/Outlook Web Access System Status Quick Links Back Center for Global Engagement Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information Diversity & Inclusion Information Technology Services One Stop Student Services Report It Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct/Title IX Transcripts Student Life General Information Academics & Research Administration Admissions Gateways for ... About Baylor Athletics Ask Baylor Bookstore Calendar Campus Map Directory Give Light Give to Baylor Illuminate News Pro Futuris Search Social Media College of Arts & Sciences Diana R. Garland School of Social Work George W. Truett Theological Seminary Graduate School Hankamer School of Business Honors College Law School Louise Herrington School of Nursing Research at Baylor University Robbins College of Health and Human Sciences School of Education School of Engineering & Computer Science School of Music University Libraries, Museums, and the Press More Academics Athletics Compliance, Risk and Safety Human Resources Marketing and Communications Office of General Counsel Office of the President Office of the Provost Operations, Finance & Administration Senior Administration Student Life University Advancement Undergraduate Admissions goBAYLOR Graduate Admissions Baylor Law School Admissions Social Work Graduate Programs George W. Truett Theological Seminary Admissions Online Graduate Professional Education Virtual Tour Visit Campus Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Online Graduate Professional Education Parents Prospective Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Students Accessibility Anonymous Reporting Annual Fire Safety and Security Notice Cost of Attendance Digital Privacy Legal Disclosures Mental Health Resources Report It Title IX Copyright © Baylor® University. All rights reserved. Baylor University • Waco, Texas 76798 • 1-800-229-5678