CYC-Net: The International Child and Youth Care Network JOIN OUR SUPPORTERS QUICKNAV ... Resources Home READING and VIEWING The CYC-Net Press Subject Reading Selection Podcasts, Webinars, Videos NETWORKING CYC-Net on Facebook CYC-Net on X Discussion Jobs Events Professional Links JOURNALS CYC-Online Relational Child and Youth Care Practice Other Journals ADMINISTRATION About CYC-Net Support and Donate JOIN OUR MAILING LIST Home Professional Resources Our Network About Us RELATIONAL CHILD AND YOUTH CARE PRACTICEVolume 36, No.2 Subscription details at https://www.rcycp.com CONTENTS Editorial – Slowing DownJames Freeman A Relational Approach to Mentoring Child and Youth Care PractitionersWerner van der Westhuizen and Thom Garfat The Fundamentals of Relational Practice: The Art of Relational Weaving John M. Digney Remaining Relationally Grounded: The Child and Youth Care Management LadderChelan McCallion Making the Argument for Addressing and Preventing Suicide and Suicidality Amongst Black Children, Youth and Young AdultsBeverly-Jean Daniel The Impact of COVID-19 on Newcomer Adolescents’ Mental Health: A Scoping ReviewRahat Zaidi, Marigona Morina and Chantal Palmer Exploring Attachment Styles in Various Clinical Settings and Practical Interventions to Engage Youth to Foster Healthy RelationshipsTina Mueni, Alethia Cadore, Gary Treasure and Akomaye Undie ADHD: Addressing Behaviors, Not Just Symptoms - A Holistic Approach to Management from Child and Youth Care PractitionersTaryn Herlich Learning from Children: Experiences and Needs of Children in the Dutch Child Protection SystemErik J. Knorth, Helen Bouma, Mónica López López and Hans Grietens Experiences of Using WhatsApp as a Tool for International Qualitative Research: Ethics and ResponsibilitiesPetra Roberts CYC-Online No. 301, March 2024 Editorial Comment: The Enduring Legacy of GoodwillMartin Stabrey Plan B: Child and Youth Care as Unregulated ProfessionKiaras Gharabaghi Love-Led Practice in Children’s Residential CareMargaret Davies Chores? Or No Chores? That Is a QuestionCarl Pickhardt RhythmicityTravis Sampson Using Awe and Gratitude to Support Mental WellbeingChelan McCallion and Patricia Kostouros Desettlering CYCHans Skott-Myhre Postcard from Leon Fulcher The Art of Relational Practice: Relational Weaving 12 March 2024, 12-1:30 p.m. CST The term ‘Relational Practice’ is use within several caring professions, and knowing that fact might lead someone to believe that there is a single and universally accepted definition of what Relational Practice is. However, this is not the case, and instead there are different (but related) interpretations and definitions. Whilst there might never be true a consensus of what Relational Practice really is, given its complexity, one of our goals ought to be to find out as much as possible about the concepts that make up Relational Practice, and to ultimately consider how these can be better understood, connected, and articulated. Relational Weaving offers a way of exploring some ‘essential aspects’ of Relational Practice, explain their relevant, and ponder how we can use them for the betterment of those we serve. Some of these may be considered values, some traits, some wisdoms, and others still are approaches, techniques, and ways of thinking and doing. This workshop will describe 25 ‘relational threads’ uncovered during an international research project and offers these as a type of framework for Relational Child & Youth Care. Presenter John M Digney, Ph.D., MSc, BS has been working with vulnerable children and families since 1991 as a frontline worker, manager and clinician. The majority of this time has been working with children and youth who exhibit ‘challenging behaviours’. John is currently the National Training & Learning Coordinator for Tusla, Ireland. in addition to providing consultation, training and support to carers and practitioners internationally. John has professional certification in Psychotherapy, Psychoanalysis and Coaching and other qualifications in Psychology, Management, Facilitation, and Adult Education. His PhD examined the therapeutic potential of humour in our work with troubled youth. Register here for this webinar. Do you have three minutes for us? We value your opinion and would like to invite you to participate in our very brief survey. Your responses are entirely confidential, and your feedback will be invaluable to us as we strive to improve our offering. Thank you for your time! Go here to complete our survey. THE INTERNATIONAL CHILD AND YOUTH CARE NETWORK (CYC-Net) Registered Public Benefit Organisation in the Republic of South Africa (PBO 930015296)Incorporated as a Not-for-Profit in Canada: Corporation Number 1284643-8 P.O. Box 23199, Claremont 7735, Cape Town, South Africa | P.O. Box 21464, MacDonald Drive, St. John's, NL A1A 5G6, Canada Board of Governors | Constitution | Funding | Site Content and Usage | Advertising | Privacy Policy | Contact us