Home | Building Design + Construction flexiblefullpage - HORIZONTV FEATURING BD+C: WATCH EPISODES ON DEMAND AT HORIZONTV View Full Menu BD+C University (CEUs) Giants 400 Rankings Multifamily Pro+ Building Sector Reports HorizonTV BD+C Awards Programs Blogs Events Videos Magazines Newsletters Subscribe Here 𝕏 Office BuildingsFormer McDonald’s headquarters transformed into modern office building for Ace HardwareIn Oak Brook, Ill., about 15 miles west of downtown Chicago, McDonald’s former corporate headquarters has been transformed into a modern office building for its new tenant, Ace Hardware. Now for the first time, Ace Hardware can bring 1,700 employees from three facilities under one roof. MFPRO+ News Housing affordability, speed of construction are top of mind for multifamily architecture and construction firms The 2023 Multifamily Giants get creative to solve the affordability crisis, while helping their developer clients build faster and more economically. MFPRO+ Research New download: BD+C's 2023 Multifamily Amenities report New research from Building Design+Construction and Multifamily Pro+ highlights the 127 top amenities that developers, property owners, architects, contractors, and builders are providing in today’s apartment, condominium, student housing, and senior living communities. Latest Headlines ArchitectsRiken Yamamoto wins 2024 Pritzker Architecture Prize Office BuildingsFormer McDonald’s headquarters transformed into modern office building for Ace Hardware GreenNew York City’s Green Economy Action Plan aims for building decarbonization boombox1 - default Read the current issue View the digital archives Sponsored Content This Simple Retrofit Equals Big Gains for Multifamily Operators and Residents The DBolt Touch from SALTO Systems is a smart locking solution that gives multifamily property… Read more Blogs Design CollaborativeIlluminating your path to energy efficiencyDesign Collaborative's Kelsey Rowe, PE, CLD, shares some tools, resources, and next steps to guide you through the process of lighting design. sponsored | Nikki Seidman, Salto Systems Smart Spaces for Smarter Working: Maximizing Workspace Flexibility with Lockers Discover how smart lockers are revolutionizing hybrid workspaces, offering secure, flexible solutions that enhance productivity and employee satisfaction in modern offices. Sustainability | GBBN GBBN's Inflation Reduction Act Calculator goes live GBBN has publicly released its IRA Calculator, a tool that helps you understand funding opportunities in the IRA for sustainable design. Graphite Design Group Designing a new frontier in Seattle’s urban core Graphite Design Group shares the design for Frontier, a 540,000-sf tower in a five-block master plan for Seattle-based tech leader Amazon. Preston Grutzmacher, SALTO Systems It’s Time for a Smarter, More Convenient and Secure Resident Door Deadbolts are a thing of the past—they are also a thing of the future. Student Safety is Still SAFTI’s Top Priority Page University design to help meet the demand for health professionals Virginia Commonwealth University is a Page client, and the Dean of the College of Health Professions took time to talk about a pressing healthcare industry need that schools—and architects—can help address. native1 - billboard - default interstitial1 - interstitial X catfish1 - bottom X BD+C Exclusive Reports MFPRO+ ResearchNew download: BD+C's 2023 Multifamily Amenities reportNew research from Building Design+Construction and Multifamily Pro+ highlights the 127 top amenities that developers, property owners, architects, contractors, and builders are providing in today’s apartment, condominium, student housing, and senior living communities. MFPRO+ Special Reports Crystal Lagoons: A deep dive into real estate's most extreme guest amenity These year-round, manmade, crystal clear blue lagoons offer a groundbreaking technology with immense potential to redefine the concept of water amenities. However, navigating regulatory challenges and ensuring long-term sustainability are crucial to success with Crystal Lagoons. AEC Innovators How Suffolk Construction identifies ConTech and PropTech startups for investment, adoption Contractor giant Suffolk Construction has invested in 27 ConTech and PropTech companies since 2019 through its Suffolk Technologies venture capital firm. Parker Mundt, Suffolk Technologies’ Vice President–Platforms, recently spoke with Building Design+Construction about his company’s investment strategy. K-12 Schools K-12 school design trends for 2024: health, wellness, net zero energy K-12 school sector experts are seeing “healthiness” for schools expand beyond air quality or the ease of cleaning interior surfaces. In this post-Covid era, “healthy” and “wellness” are intersecting expectations that, for many school districts, encompass the physical and mental wellbeing of students and teachers, greater access to outdoor spaces for play and learning, and the school’s connection to its community as a hub and resource. Most Popular ArchitectsRiken Yamamoto wins 2024 Pritzker Architecture Prize Office BuildingsFormer McDonald’s headquarters transformed into modern office building for Ace Hardware GreenNew York City’s Green Economy Action Plan aims for building decarbonization Multifamily HousingSingle-family rentals continue to grow in BTR communities MFPRO+ NewsJob gains boost Yardi Matrix National Rent Forecast for 2024 halfpage1 - Special Report Giants 400Top 70 Medical Office Building Construction Firms for 2023PCL Construction Enterprises, Swinerton, Skanska USA, Clark Group, and Hensel Phelps top BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building general contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 50 Medical Office Building Engineering Firms for 2023 Jacobs, Salas O'Brien, KPFF Consulting Engineers, IMEG, and Kimley-Horn head BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building engineering and engineering/architecture (EA) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 70 Medical Office Building Construction Firms for 2023 PCL Construction Enterprises, Swinerton, Skanska USA, Clark Group, and Hensel Phelps top BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building general contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Multifamily Housing Single-family rentals continue to grow in BTR communitiesSingle-family rentals are continuing to grow in built-to-rent communities. Both rent and occupancy growth have been strong in recent months while remaining a financially viable option for renters. MFPRO+ News Job gains boost Yardi Matrix National Rent Forecast for 2024 Multifamily asking rents broke the five-month streak of sequential average declines in January, rising 0.07 percent, shows a new special report from Yardi Matrix. MFPRO+ News Housing affordability, speed of construction are top of mind for multifamily architecture and construction firms The 2023 Multifamily Giants get creative to solve the affordability crisis, while helping their developer clients build faster and more economically. Multifamily Housing Manny Gonzalez, FAIA, inducted into Best in American Living Awards Hall of Fame Manny Gonzalez, FAIA, has been inducted into the BALA Hall of Fame. MFPRO+ Research New download: BD+C's 2023 Multifamily Amenities report New research from Building Design+Construction and Multifamily Pro+ highlights the 127 top amenities that developers, property owners, architects, contractors, and builders are providing in today’s apartment, condominium, student housing, and senior living communities. Student Housing Mary Cook Associates completes interiors for luxury student housing community Chicago-based interior design firm Mary Cook Associates announced it has completed the interiors of Lapis, a new 1,086-bed off-campus luxury student housing community near Florida International University. MFPRO+ Research Most competitive rental markets of early 2024 The U.S. rental market in early 2024 is moderately competitive, with apartments taking an average of 41 days to find tenants, according to the latest RentCafe Market Competitivity Report. Sponsored Content Color Harmony and How Colors Interact Color harmony, meaning the principle of colors working well together, is a significant component of… Read more Giants 400 Report Giants 400 BD+C's Giants 400 Rankings Every spring, the editors of Building Design+Construction survey the nation's largest architecture, engineering, and construction firms to identify the most prominent design and construction firms across 25 building sectors and specialty categories. Meet the Giants 400. Architects Pierluca Maffey joins Carrier Johnson + Culture as new Firmwide Head of Design Carrier Johnson + Culture (CJ+C) has hired Pierluca “Luca” Maffey, International Assoc. AIA, as the firm's new Firmwide Head of Design and Design Principal. Giants 400 Top 10 Telecommunications Building Construction Firms for 2023 AECOM, LeChase Construction Services, Robins & Morton, and Salas O'Brien top BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest telecommunications building general contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2023, as reported in Building Design+Construction's 2023 Giants 400 Report. AEC Tech Innovation AEC TechHow to harness LIDAR and BIM technology for precise building data, equipment needs AEC InnovatorsHow Suffolk Construction identifies ConTech and PropTech startups for investment, adoption AEC TechAI for construction: What kind of tool can artificial intelligence become for AEC teams? Market Intelligence Multifamily HousingSingle-family rentals continue to grow in BTR communities MFPRO+ NewsJob gains boost Yardi Matrix National Rent Forecast for 2024 K-12 SchoolsAverage age of U.S. school buildings is just under 50 years Project + Process Innovation Building TechConstruction method featuring LEGO-like bricks wins global innovation award Modular BuildingDevelopment startup brings modular solution to hospitality industry ContractorsFast-tracking construction projects offers both risk and reward Daily Feed Newsletter Get BD+C in your inbox Each day, BD+C's editors assemble the latest breaking industry news, hottest trends, and most relevant research, delivered to your inbox. Subscribe leaderboard1 - default Podcasts • Life of an Architect Podcast Life of an Architect Podcast Ep. 145: Delegated Design • Life of an Architect Podcast Life of an Architect Podcast Ep. 144: 6 Design Objects With Amazing Backstories • Life of an Architect Podcast Life of an Architect Podcast Ep. 143: Architectural Drawings - Excessive or Essential? Healthcare Facilities University design to help meet the demand for health professionalsVirginia Commonwealth University is a Page client, and the Dean of the College of Health Professions took time to talk about a pressing healthcare industry need that schools—and architects—can help address. Hospital Design Trends Plans for a massive research hospital in Dallas anticipates need for child healthcare Children’s Health and the UT Southwestern Medical Center have unveiled their plans for a new $5 billion pediatric health campus and research hospital on more than 33 acres within Dallas’ Southwestern Medical District. Healthcare Facilities New surgical tower enhances healthcare services of a Long Island, N.Y., hospital The eight-story Petrocelli Surgical Pavilion includes 132 intensive care rooms. Standards Prioritizing water quality with the WELL Building Standard In this edition of Building WELLness, DC WELL Accredited Professionals Hannah Arthur and Alex Kircher highlight an important item of the WELL Building Standard: water. Industry Research Leading economists forecast 4% growth in construction spending for nonresidential buildings in 2024 Spending on nonresidential buildings will see a modest 4% increase in 2024, after increasing by more than 20% last year according to The American Institute of Architects’ latest Consensus Construction Forecast. The pace will slow to just over 1% growth in 2025, a marked difference from the strong performance in 2023. Giants 400 Top 70 Medical Office Building Construction Firms for 2023 PCL Construction Enterprises, Swinerton, Skanska USA, Clark Group, and Hensel Phelps top BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building general contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 50 Medical Office Building Engineering Firms for 2023 Jacobs, Salas O'Brien, KPFF Consulting Engineers, IMEG, and Kimley-Horn head BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building engineering and engineering/architecture (EA) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 110 Medical Office Building Architecture Firms for 2023 SmithGroup, CannonDesign, E4H Environments for Health Architecture, and Perkins Eastman top BD+C's ranking of the nation's largest medical office building architecture and architecture engineering (AE) firms for 2023, as reported in the 2023 Giants 400 Report. Load More Office / Workplace Former McDonald’s headquarters transformed into modern office building for Ace HardwareIn Oak Brook, Ill., about 15 miles west of downtown Chicago, McDonald’s former corporate headquarters has been transformed into a modern office building for its new tenant, Ace Hardware. Now for the first time, Ace Hardware can bring 1,700 employees from three facilities under one roof. Designers Coverings releases top 2024 tile trends In celebration of National Tile Day, Coverings, North America's leading tile and stone exhibition, has announced the top 10 tile trends for 2024. High-rise Construction Designing a new frontier in Seattle’s urban core Graphite Design Group shares the design for Frontier, a 540,000-sf tower in a five-block master plan for Seattle-based tech leader Amazon. MFPRO+ News UL Solutions launches indoor environmental quality verification designation for building construction projects UL Solutions recently launched UL Verified Healthy Building Mark for New Construction, an indoor environmental quality verification designation for building construction projects. Office Buildings Creating thoughtful tech workplace design It’s important for office design to be inspiring, but there are some practical principles that can be incorporated into the design of real-world tech workplaces to ensure they convey an exciting, sophisticated allure that accommodates progressive thinking and inventiveness. Urban Planning Lessons learned from 70 years of building cities As Sasaki looks back on 70 years of practice, we’re also looking to the future of cities. While we can’t predict what will be, we do know the needs of cities are as diverse as their scale, climate, economy, governance, and culture. Industry Research ASID identifies 11 design trends coming in 2024 The Trends Outlook Report by the American Society of Interior Designers (ASID) is the first of a three-part outlook series on interior design. This design trends report demonstrates the importance of connection and authenticity. Special Report Giants 400Top 80 Hotel Sector Contractors + CM Firms for 2022AECOM, Suffolk Construction, STO Building Group, and Swinerton top the ranking of the nation's largest hotel and resort sector contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2022, as reported in Building Design+Construction's 2022 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 70 Hotel Sector Engineering + EA Firms for 2022 Jensen Hughes, Jacobs, WSP, and Kimley-Horn top the ranking of the nation's largest hotel and resort sector engineering and engineering/architecture (EA) firms for 2022, as reported in Building Design+Construction's 2022 Giants 400 Report. Giants 400 Top 80 Hotel Sector Contractors + CM Firms for 2022 AECOM, Suffolk Construction, STO Building Group, and Swinerton top the ranking of the nation's largest hotel and resort sector contractors and construction management (CM) firms for 2022, as reported in Building Design+Construction's 2022 Giants 400 Report. Education Illuminating your path to energy efficiencyDesign Collaborative's Kelsey Rowe, PE, CLD, shares some tools, resources, and next steps to guide you through the process of lighting design. K-12 Schools Average age of U.S. school buildings is just under 50 years The average age of a main instructional school building in the United States is 49 years, according to a survey by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). About 38% of schools were built before 1970. Roughly half of the schools surveyed have undergone a major building renovation or addition. Performing Arts Centers Frank Gehry-designed expansion of the Colburn School performing arts center set to break ground In April, the Colburn School, an institute for music and dance education and performance, will break ground on a 100,000-sf expansion designed by architect Frank Gehry. Located in downtown Los Angeles, the performing arts center will join the neighboring Walt Disney Concert Hall and The Grand by Gehry, forming the largest concentration of Gehry-designed buildings in the world. Construction Costs K-12 school construction costs for 2024 Data from Gordian breaks down the average cost per square foot for four different types of K-12 school buildings (elementary schools, junior high schools, high schools, and vocational schools) across 10 U.S. cities. Student Housing Student housing preleasing continues to grow at record pace Student housing preleasing continues to be robust even as rent growth has decelerated, according to the latest Yardi Matrix National Student Housing Report. University Buildings University design to help meet the demand for health professionals Virginia Commonwealth University is a Page client, and the Dean of the College of Health Professions took time to talk about a pressing healthcare industry need that schools—and architects—can help address. K-12 Schools K-12 school design trends for 2024: health, wellness, net zero energy K-12 school sector experts are seeing “healthiness” for schools expand beyond air quality or the ease of cleaning interior surfaces. In this post-Covid era, “healthy” and “wellness” are intersecting expectations that, for many school districts, encompass the physical and mental wellbeing of students and teachers, greater access to outdoor spaces for play and learning, and the school’s connection to its community as a hub and resource. Building Tech AEC Innovators How Suffolk Construction identifies ConTech and PropTech startups for investment, adoption Contractor giant Suffolk Construction has invested in 27 ConTech and PropTech companies since 2019 through its Suffolk Technologies venture capital firm. Parker Mundt, Suffolk Technologies’ Vice President–Platforms, recently spoke with Building Design+Construction about his company’s investment strategy. MFPRO+ Special Reports Crystal Lagoons: A deep dive into real estate's most extreme guest amenity These year-round, manmade, crystal clear blue lagoons offer a groundbreaking technology with immense potential to redefine the concept of water amenities. However, navigating regulatory challenges and ensuring long-term sustainability are crucial to success with Crystal Lagoons. AEC Tech AI for construction: What kind of tool can artificial intelligence become for AEC teams? Avoiding the hype and gathering good data are half the battle toward making artificial intelligence tools useful for performing design, operational, and jobsite tasks. Hotel Facilities Hotel FacilitiesU.S. hotel construction is booming, with a record-high 5,964 projects in the pipeline Giants 400Top 80 Hotel Construction Firms for 2023 Giants 400Top 70 Hotel Engineering Firms for 2023 Sport Facilities Sports and Recreational FacilitiesSports stadium developers sweeten projects with affordable housing to gain support Mixed-UseEntertainment districts are no longer just about sports, dining, and music Sports and Recreational FacilitiesSan Antonio Spurs’ new practice facility aims to help players win championships and maintain well-being Airport Facilities AirportsNew airport terminal by KPF aims to slash curb-to-gate walking time for passengers Urban PlanningLessons learned from 70 years of building cities Products and MaterialsTop building products for January 2024 Daily Feed Newsletter Get BD+C in your inbox Each day, BD+C's editors assemble the latest breaking industry news, hottest trends, and most relevant research, delivered to your inbox. Subscribe 220 N Smith Street Suite 440 Palatine, IL 60067 (T) 847.391.1000 (F) 847.390.0408 About BD+C Meet the team BD+C programs Media kit Advertise Submit story idea Subscribe BD+C magazine MFDC magazine Daily 5 newsletter Multifamily newsletter HorizonTV Events Women in Design+Construction PROCONNECT See all events Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions © 2023 copyright Building Design+Construction. All rights reserved. Connect with us: 𝕏 Our Brands BD+C University (CEUs) MultifamilyPro+ Giants 400 Rankings Life of an Architect Horizon TV Videos Building Sector Reports Airport Terminals Casinos Data Centers Government Buildings Healthcare Facilities Hotel Facilities Industrial Facilities Justice Facilities K-12 Schools Building Sector Continue Laboratories Libraries Military Construction Modular Building Multifamily Housing Museums Office Building Design Performing Arts Centers Building Sector Continue Religious Facilities Resorts Retail Centers Senior Living Facilities Sports and Recreational Facilities Transportation & Parking Facilities University Buildings Warehouses Blogs BD+C Burns & McDonnell BWBR CallisonRTKL CannonDesign Clark Nexsen CO Architects CRB Design Collaborative DLR Group FMI FXCollaborative GBBN Gensler Gresham Smith GWWO Hanbury HDR Blogs Continue Hinge HMC Architects HOK IA Interior Architects IMEG Corp Kimley-Horn KTGY Legat Architects LEO A DALY LPA LS3P NAC Architecture Nadel Architecture & Planning NBBJ Page Paladino PDR Perkins and Will Perkins Eastman Blogs Continue Rider Levett Bucknall Sasaki Shepley Bulfinch Skanska Skender SmithGroup SMMA Southland Industries SRG Partnership SSR Stantec Ted Goldstein, Atlas Tube Vessel Architecture & Design VIATechnik Walter P. Moore Building Team Reports Architects Designers Engineers Contractors Building Owners Resources BD+C University Building Enclosures Series Case Studies Codes and Standards COVID-19 Reports HorizonTV Native Series Podcasts Press Releases Videos Webinars White Papers BD+C Awards Programs 75 Top Products 40 Under 40 Giants 400 Events Women in Design+Construction ProCONNECT See all events Magazine Latest Issues January/February 2024 MFDC Fall 2022 Issue Magazine Subscription Subscribe Get our Newsletters Each day, our editors assemble the latest breaking industry news, hottest trends, and most relevant research, delivered to your inbox. Subscribe Follow BD+C: 𝕏