Helge Klein • Tools & knowledge for IT pros Search About Blog Archive Menu SetACL About SetACL Feature set FAQ Changelog Documentation Command Line-Version (SetACL.exe) COM Version (SetACL.dll) Examples Managing File System Permissions Managing Registry Permissions Managing Printer, Service, WMI and Share Permissions Setting permissions and blocking inheritance from C# Setting the Owner from VBScript Locking and Unlocking the Registry SetACL Studio Features Screenshots FAQ Delprof2 Download HAUS21 Wärme-/Kältequellen: Geothermie, Eisspeicher, Luft-Wärmepumpe Heizen und Kühlen mit Eisspeicher: Details Heizen/Kühlen: Fußboden vs. Decke vs. Wand Bauteilaktivierung: Kühlung der Betondecken Photovoltaik und Stromspeicher Kontrollierte Wohnraumlüftung (KWL) Baustoffe: viel Poroton & Lehm, wenig Beton, kein Rigips Altersgerechtigkeit und Barrierefreiheit Smart Home: das vernetzte Haus Beteiligte Firmen About Blog Archive Categories Home Automation Security Applications Networking Windows Internals Windows General Website Dockerized Ubiquiti UniFi Network Server Setup With Automatic HTTPS This article explains how to set up Ubiquiti UniFi Network Server, a management software for UniFi devices such as access points. Read more by Helge on Feb 11, 2024 Home Automation Guide: WordPress on Dockerized Apache on Hetzner Cloud How to set up a modern, fast, and inexpensive web server for WordPress. Design goal: low maintenance coupled with high flexibility. Read more by Helge on Oct 24, 2023 Website Vaultwarden Setup Guide With Automatic HTTPS This article explains how to set up Vaultwarden with automatic HTTPS certificates (via Caddy). Read more by Helge on Sep 4, 2023 Home Automation Docker Monitoring With Prometheus, Automatic HTTPS & SSO Authentication This article explains how to set up Prometheus, Node Exporter, and cAdvisor with automatic HTTPS certificates (via Caddy) and OAuth single sign-on (via Authelia). Read more by Helge on Aug 21, 2023 Home Automation Regex Cheat Sheet: Regular Expressions For Cleaning Up HTML This article presents a collection of regular expressions I frequently use to clean up HTML that was generated from some tools' export routines. Read more by Helge on Aug 7, 2023 Miscellaneous Grafana Setup Guide With Automatic HTTPS & OAuth SSO via Authelia This article explains how to set up Grafana, Loki, and Promtail with automatic HTTPS certificates (via Caddy) and OAuth single sign-on (via Authelia). Read more by Helge on Jul 29, 2023 Home Automation Firezone: WireGuard VPN With User Self-Service Portal & SSO This article explains how to set up Firezone with automatic HTTPS certificates (via Caddy) and OpenID Connect single sign-on (via Authelia). Read more by Helge on Jun 19, 2023 Home Automation Unbound DNS Server Configuration & Static IPv6 Address on Proxmox This article explains how to set up the Unbound DNS server as the resolver for your home network. It also shows how to generate and assign a static IPv6 address to your Proxmox server. Read more by Helge on Jun 5, 2023 Home Automation Portainer Setup Guide With Automatic HTTPS & OAuth SSO via Authelia This article explains how to set up Portainer with automatic HTTPS certificates (via Caddy) and OAuth single sign-on (via Authelia). Read more by Helge on May 15, 2023 Home Automation Tips for DevOps Pipeline Automation & Bash Scripting DevOps CI/CD pipelines on platforms such as GitHub or Azure DevOps are basically shell scripts that run in the cloud and are triggered by events, e.g., a Git push. This article explains common mistakes with pipeline scripts and how to avoid them. Read more by Helge on Mar 16, 2023 Software development restic: Encrypted Offsite Backup for Your Homeserver This article explains how to set up restic (with the resticprofile wrapper) for automated scheduled backups of your home server. Read more by Helge on Feb 8, 2023 Home Automation Upgrading Ubuntu 20.04 to 22.04 & PHP 7.4 to 8.1 for WordPress This post describes how I upgraded our webserver running WordPress on Apache from Ubuntu 20.04.5 LTS to 22.04.1 LTS and PHP from 7.4 to 8.1. Read more by Helge on Jan 31, 2023 Website ownCloud Infinite Scale With OpenID Connect Authentication for Home Networks This article explains how to set up ownCloud Infinity Scale with OpenID Connect authentication to Authelia or authentik. Read more by Helge on Jan 11, 2023 Home Automation authentik: Authentication, SSO, User Management & Password Reset for Home Networks This is my second article on how to set up a modern user management and authentication system for services on your internal home network. In the previous article, I used Authelia as IdP; this article presents an alternative configuration based on authentik. Read more by Helge on Jan 3, 2023 Home Automation Authelia & lldap: Authentication, SSO, User Management & Password Reset for Home Networks This article explains how to set up a simple but modern user management and authentication system for services on your internal home network. The solution supports important security features like two-factor authentication and single sign-on, and only requires minimal maintenance due to self-service password reset. Read more by Helge on Dec 13, 2022 Home Automation Automatic HTTPS Certificates for Services on Internal Home Network This article explains how to set up automatic HTTPS certificates via Let’s Encrypt for services on your internal home network without opening a port on your firewall. It’s part of my series on home automation that shows how to install, configure, and run a home server with (dockerized or virtualized) services such as Home Assistant and OwnCloud. Read more by Helge on Nov 28, 2022 Home Automation Installing Proxmox as Docker Host on Intel NUC Home Server This is my first article in what is poised to become a series on installing, configuring, and running a home server with (dockerized or virtualized) services such as Home Assistant and OwnCloud. Read more by Helge on Nov 23, 2022 Home Automation DNS Exfiltration & Tunneling: How it Works & DNSteal Demo Setup DNS is a protocol that lends itself to abuse because it's largely unmonitored and unrestricted. This article explains how data exfiltration from a corporate network via DNS works and shows how to set up a working exfiltration demo with DNSteal. Read more by Helge on Nov 7, 2022 Security Windows Installer Errors 2503 & 2502: Called RunScript when not marked in progress & Called InstallFinalize when no install in progress This is a quick post on how to troubleshoot situations where you get error 2503 (Called RunScript when not marked in progress) followed by error 2502 (Called InstallFinalize when no […] Read more by Helge on Aug 29, 2022 Applications Identifying MS Teams Application Instances & Counting App Starts Microsoft Teams is a web application that needs a browser as a runtime environment. In order to keep things simple – at the expense of disk space – the Teams […] Read more by Helge on Aug 22, 2022 Applications Windows Terminal as Standard User With Dedicated Admin Account Feature-wise, Windows Terminal is a fantastic replacement for the dated console host. It presents entirely new problems, however, in a secure setup with a standard user for day-to-day operations and […] Read more by Helge on Jul 25, 2022 Applications Windows 11: How To Configure Secure DNS (DoH) for All WiFi Networks This post explains how to configure DNS over HTTPS (DoH) for all WiFi networks in Windows 11 via the Settings app. Unfortunately, this is less intuitive than it should be; […] Read more by Helge on Jul 2, 2022 Networking Split-Tunnel VPN & WiFi: No Internet via IPv4 Due to Interface Priority I had a weird issue on my laptop: whenever I connected to our company’s VPN, I lost local internet connectivity. As it turned out, this was caused by incorrect network […] Read more by Helge on Apr 7, 2022 Networking Controlling RGB Keyboard Lighting Without Bloated Vendor Software Vendors in the gaming space often make wonderful keyboards, but their software is not always up to par. Take the Razer Huntsman Elite: its software is a whopping 422 MB […] Read more by Helge on Oct 23, 2021 Hardware Free Services to Send Files End-To-End Encrypted There are a number of services for sending files to someone else that are both free and secure. This post provides an overview. Read more by Helge on Aug 31, 2021 Applications ShareX: Free Screen Recording Tool & Mouse Pointer Offset Fix This is a quick post to remind me of two things: 1) ShareX is the tool of choice for screen recordings on Windows. 2) On high-DPI (4K) screens there is […] Read more by Helge on Jul 30, 2021 Applications Changing the Location of Total Commander Configuration Files Depending on how you installed Total Commander, the default settings location may resolve to the installation directory or the user profile. This article explains how to locate the configuration files […] Read more by Helge on Jul 19, 2021 Applications Finding (Executables in) User-Writeable Directories This article presents two different detection types for insecure filesystem permissions on Windows endpoints: scanning for directories that are user-writable, and detecting processes that are started from user-writeable directories. Read more by Helge on Jul 7, 2021 Security Checking Windows Hello Key Storage: TPM or Software? Windows Hello for Business (WHfB) stores a cryptographic key on the device. The preferred storage location is a hardware TPM module. However, if a TPM is not available, the key […] Read more by Helge on Jun 30, 2021 Security How to Check the TPM Status & Enable the CPU’s fTPM/PTT The recent Windows 11 announcement has created a lot of confusion due to the requirement for a trusted platform module (TPM). This article explains why your machine almost certainly has […] Read more by Helge on Jun 26, 2021 Security Load More Articles 1 2 3 … 16 Next » © 2024 Helge Klein Imprint Privacy Policy