Ilya Grigorik Skip to content Essays Twitter Instagram GitHub LinkedIn Search Hello, I'm Ilya Grigorik.I am a Principal Engineer and Technical Advisor to the CEO at Shopify, on a mission to make commerce better for everyone.I work at the intersection of technology, product, and platforms. Technology shapes design space for product. Product shapes technical architecture. Carefully engineered interactions and incentives enable thriving platforms.I was the founder and CTO of PostRank, acquired by Google. I worked on Google Analytics, Chrome, and Search, where I built products and developer programs. I am passionate about improving user experience on the web: author of High Performance Browser Networking (O'Reilly), past co-chair of the W3C Web Performance WG, speaker at 100+ events. Also dad, photographer, and an aspiring cook. Email address Subscribe Please check your inbox and click the link to confirm your subscription. Please enter a valid email address! An error occurred, please try again later. Recent essays 8 Aug 2023 Paid Members Public Guide to effective meetings Separate social, info-sharing, and decision-making meetings. Effective meetings require a process owner, agenda, preread, and curated attendees. 3 Feb 2023 Paid Members Public Good decision-making is good process Define the problem in own terms, take perspectives, validate signal, decide when to decide, and execute. 3 Aug 2022 Paid Members Public The Principal Engineer's Handbook Leadership without management: the what, the how, the tools, and how to measure success as a Principal+ engineer. 20 Jul 2022 Paid Members Public Professional Aptitude vs. Tenure Aptitude is the ability to perform a type of work. Tenure is the length of time in job. Their correlation degrades rapidly. 8 Mar 2022 Paid Members Public Making Good Group Decisions, Effectively Good decision-making is good process, used intentionally. Key lessons and principles to apply in your practice. Subscribe to Ilya Grigorik's essays Receive latest updates in your email inbox Email address Subscribe Please check your inbox and click the link to confirm your subscription. Please enter a valid email address! An error occurred, please try again later. © 2024 — Ilya Grigorik