Home | EBU Disclaimer We're currently beta-testing automatic translations into a wide range of languages using Google Translate. To use this feature, select the language of your choice below. Official human translation into French remains available on the top menu of the website as usual. Google Translate the current page in : عربي български Hrvatski Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español ελληνικά Français Română Magyar Italiano Nederlands Polski Portuguęs Русский Türkçe українська мова Close Services EBU Academy Eurovision News Legal & Policy Media Media Intelligence Music Exchange Podcast Exchange Sport Technology & Innovation TV Programme Collaboration Member login required Audio Exchange MUS Platform News Exchange News2Know Showcase Storyboard Topics All topics Artificial intelligence Audience and market trends Copyright and intellectual property Diversity, equity and inclusion Eurovision Song Contest Funding and advertising Leadership, strategy and values Media freedom and pluralism Music News, journalism and trust Online platforms Production technology Radio and audio Spectrum Sport Sustainability Transformation Tv content Young audiences Events Groups resources Video Talks Guides Research Case Studies Tech Publications About About the EBU Careers Contact DEI Policy Governance Management Member Relations Our Members News Press Centre Strategy FR Log in Inside EBU Have you heard? We’ve launched a newsletter on LinkedIn. Subscribe now for behind-the-scenes news, views & updates. Find out more European Broadcasting Union The world's leading alliance of public service media Find out more about us Member Benefits Scroll down Highlights News Call to allow foreign journalists into Gaza News ERNO Secures Funds for Cross-Border Media Projects Project Women in Music: Celebrate diversity on your public service radio News Strong viewing figures for live TV hours at 2024 BMW IBU World Championships Biathlon Event 3 keynote speakers announced at Media Summit 2024: Register now Research Everything you need to know about the 230'000 people working in public service media in our new report Blog Radio across Europe joining forces to fight for rightful place in the car Guide Seven EBU Members share their #SayHi experience in our new report Artboard Artboard Inside EBU Have you heard? We’ve launched a newsletter on LinkedIn. Subscribe now for behind-the-scenes news, views & updates. Find out more Keep scrolling for news, events and knowledge Promoting the interests of public service media We campaign for a sustainable future for public service media (PSM), provide our Members with world-class content from news to sport and music, and build on our founding ethos of solidarity and co-operation to create a centre for learning and sharing. Our Members 68 Members representing 112 organizations in 56 countries, and 31 Associates Our Members operate almost 2,000 television, radio and online channels and services and offer a wealth of content across other platforms. Together, they reach audiences of more than one billion people around the world, broadcasting in more than 160 languages. Discover who our Members are Public service media Universality Excellence Accountability Independence Diversity Innovation Public service media is broadcasting made, financed and controlled BY the public FOR the public. Our Members strive to inform, educate and entertain all audiences – empowering societies and democracies across the globe. Learn more about our values Keep scrolling to learn more about our services Discover the latest news from the EBU and our Members Find events, meetings and webinars for media professionals News Events Search content Artboard Search content Artboard Press release EBU expresses serious concern about the use of spyware against journalists, abusive lawsuits and journalists in exile The EBU, as a partner of the Council of Europe’s Platform for the safety of journalists, joins the launch of the platform’s 2024 annual... News Call to allow foreign journalists into Gaza A statement from the EBU The EBU stands firmly in support of a call for “free and unhindered” access to Gaza for foreign media. We... News Strong viewing figures for live TV hours at 2024 BMW IBU World Championships Biathlon Significant increase in live TV overnight viewing figures for the World Championships, particularly in the host country Czechia and... News ERNO Secures Funds for Cross-Border Media Projects The additional funding for Public Service Media in the region is paving the way for three impactful cross-border video production projects Policy Position Empowering Europe's Audiovisual Sector: A Vision for Cultural Diversity and Skill Development The European Framework of Actions (FoA) on Skills aims at enhancing professional skills and fostering innovation within the audiovisual... Blog Radio across Europe joining forces to fight for rightful place in the car In this guest blog, Tomas Granryd, Head of Digital Partnerships at Sveriges Radio (SR), writes about one of the major strategic focuses... Artboard 10:30 - 12:00 Community events Gender Equality in public service media This special 90-minute session will follow International Women’s Day and will highlight latest strat • Online Artboard Community events Strategy Community meeting Strategy Community meeting • Physical Artboard Community events DEI Conference The next EBU DEI Conference will take place in Reykjavik, Iceland, from 11-12 April 2024 • Physical Artboard Assemblies Media Summit 2024 The Media Summit is a platform to network, learn and exchange experiences among peers. 2 days • Physical Artboard Assemblies 30th Technical Assembly Meeting of Technical Assembly 09:00• Physical Artboard Artboard Show all the latest news Show all upcoming events Join us and access our services If you work for a public service broadcaster in Europe, chances are your organization is a Member of the EBU. To make the most of our services, create a free account on our website. Registration is open to everyone, but if you are from a Member organization, you have access to an exclusive range of services and information. Create an account Join an EBU group Over 100 active working groups enable you to make new connections and widen your network throughout the world. Get in touch Contact the right people at the EBU and get details for our Geneva HQ and offices worldwide. Sign up for EBU Update Sign up for our newsletter to stay informed about what's going on at the EBU and across our Member community. Sign me up Follow us on social media The European Broadcasting Union is the world’s foremost alliance of public service media, representing over a hundred organizations worldwide. We strive to secure a sustainable future for public service media, provide our Members with world-class content through the Eurovision and Euroradio brands, and build on our founding ethos of solidarity and co-operation to create a centre for learning and sharing. Find out more about us. Our Services EBU Academy Eurovision News Legal & Policy Media Media Intelligence Music Exchange Sport Technology & Innovation Follow the EBU Newsletters LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Podcasts Our Websites EBU.ch EBU Workspace Eurovision Song Contest See a list of all websites > Terms of Use Privacy Notice Contact Press Careers Support Cookies Copyright EBU 2023. All rights reserved.