Reed College Skip to site navigation. Skip to content. Skip to Reed contact information. Reed College Toggle menu Academics Admission & Aid Campus Life About Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni IRIS Login Directory Apply Visit Request Info Give Toggle search search Search Reed College Apply Visit Request Info Give Toggle video Welcome to Reed College in Portland, Oregon Take ownership of your education at Reed College. Pursue knowledge, conduct hands-on research, consider diverse perspectives, and embark on an exhilarating journey of intellectual exploration. Menu Meet the Reedies 1/6 Elena Carmen Turner ’22 close “ I worked in the Reed canyon, made amazing friends—human, plant, and animal—and learned a lot about ecological restoration techniques and native plants. Elena Carmen Turner ’22 Anthropology 2/6 Aditya Gadkari ’22 close “ Professor Kambiz GhaneaBassiri’s class on the erasure of Islam from the Western humanities was eye-opening and helped me finally understand some of the reasons why the distinction of the West historically arose. Aditya Gadkari ’22 Economics 3/6 Olivia McGough ’23 close “ Professor David Perkinson let me work with him on a research project the summer after my sophomore year that ended up being a formative experience for me. I learned a lot of math, but more importantly I learned how fun research can be and what I am capable of. He also taught me the importance of good chalk. Olivia McGough ’23 Mathematics 4/6 Joshua Park ’23 close “ I was a team coordinator for Ultimate Frisbee, and it was a lot of fun building a sense of community through sport. I was also a peer career advisor with the Center for Life Beyond Reed. Joshua Park ’23 Comparative Race and Ethnicity Studies 5/6 Caden Corontzos ’23 close “ I’ve learned how to approach solving problems that are hard or confusing, and how to discuss my reasoning with others and work collaboratively toward a solution. I also think I’m more open to trying new things and exploring new experiences. Caden Corontzos ’23 Computer Science 6/6 Andrey Marsavin ’21 close “ Being at Reed meant being surrounded by people who were great at things I wanted to be great at. This can be intimidating but also very conducive to growth. Andrey Marsavin ’21 Environmental Studies–Chemistry Previous Next See Where Reed Takes You Grades at Reed At Reed, we support students' progress through thoughtfully written feedback—de-emphasizing letter grades—which leads to more discussion and collaboration. Go Beyond the ABCs Undergraduate Research From assisting professors in their labs to volunteering in our nuclear reactor, Reedies actively contribute to scholarship. Research from Day One Senior Thesis The culmination of your academic journey at Reed, your senior thesis contains original research and showcases your intellectual growth. Contribute to the Thesis Tower Humanities 110 In this signature Reed program, explore how people living in diverse historical contexts have engaged fundamental questions about existence. Oh, the Humanities! A Transfor­mative Liberal Arts College Experience From the shared experience of Humanities 110 to your senior thesis, study broadly across disciplines while diving deep into your major. Throughout, you have the space to ask complex questions, embrace paradoxes, and develop new perspectives. Discover Reed Academics Become a Reedie At Reed, we look beyond the numbers. That’s why we waived application fees and embraced a test-blind policy. We find students through a holistic examination of grades, accomplishments, and perspectives. If you’re passionate about learning, we want to know more about you. Learn How to Apply to Reed Imagine Yourself Here Hike the 28-acre Reed canyon, relax on our rolling lawns, and study in our beautiful buildings. Take a short bike ride to downtown Portland, Oregon, or plan a trip to our ski cabin on Mount Hood. At Reed, avenues for discovery and growth are everywhere. Visit Reed Explore Reed Virtually Latest News Reed Magazine An Anthology of Disruptions, Large and Small Library of America honors poet Gary Snyder ’51 with volume of his collected poems. Chemistry Prof Wins Grant to Advance Research on Molecular Crystals Gonzalo Campillo-Alvarado has been awarded a three-year grant from the M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust. The Secret Cemetery More than a million were buried on Hart Island, but families couldn’t visit. Melinda Hunt ’81 changed that. Upcoming Events All events Take the Next Step See where a liberal arts education from Reed College can take you. Discover Academics Request Information Visit Reed Reed College 3203 Southeast Woodstock Boulevard Portland, Oregon 97202-8199 503-771-1112 Getting to Reed Campus Map About Reed Job opportunities College offices Contact public affairs Reed Magazine Diversity, equity, and inclusion Sustainability Reed campus alerts Back to Top © Reed College YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Privacy, web & copyright policies Report a website problem Title IX policy Report a bias incident