American Enterprise Institute - AEI | The American Enterprise Institute, AEI, is a nonpartisan public policy research institute with a community of scholars and supporters committed to expanding liberty, increasing individual opportunity and strengthening free enterprise. About About AEI Careers Internships For Students AEI Archive Centers AEI Housing Center Survey Center on American Life Center on Opportunity and Social Mobility Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Agricultural Policy Studies Open Source Policy Center Critical Threats Press President's Page National Affairs Scholars Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Society and Culture Health Care Politics and Public Opinion Opportunity & Social Mobility Workforce Development Education Legal and Constitutional Studies Technology and Innovation Science, Energy, and Environment Housing Agricultural Policy Studies Products Research Articles & Op-Eds Books Podcasts Multimedia Events AEIdeas Subscribe Donate Scholars Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Society and Culture Health Care Politics and Public Opinion Opportunity & Social Mobility Workforce Development Education Technology and Innovation Legal and Constitutional Studies About Careers Press Room Events President's Message AEIdeas Subscribe Donate Post March 01, 2024 Another Sobering View of the Fiscal Condition of the Federal Government AEIdeas Using an accrual accounting basis, rather than a cash basis, the Financial Report of the US Government shows a much poorer picture of the government’s finances than the conventional budget does. Even its uniformly optimistic assumptions project a clearly unsustainable future under current policy. By Mark J. Warshawsky Economics Post March 01, 2024 AEIdeas Will Biden Ruin His Own Energy Triumph? By Derek Scissors Op-Ed February 28, 2024 Public Discourse In Defense of Free Speech and the Mission of the University By Robert P. George Post March 01, 2024 AEIdeas (Un)Holy Digital Alliances By Claude Barfield Israel-Gaza Conflict AEI’s Foreign and Defense Policy scholars are providing real-time analyses of the war’s trajectory, America’s evolving role in the Middle East, and the dynamics of Middle Eastern stability in the shadow of a growingly hostile Iran. Stay Up-to-Date A New China Playbook The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has spun a narrative that China is destined for dominance—a narrative that many inside and outside China have accepted uncritically. But AEI scholars’ research on China paints a different picture. Stay Up-to-Date Policy Areas Economics Working Paper March 04, 2024 AEI Economic Policy Working Paper Series Implications of Cannabis Legalization for the US Federal Budget By Alex Brill | Brian J. Miller | Stan Veuger Post March 01, 2024 AEIdeas Another Sobering View of the Fiscal Condition of the Federal Government By Mark J. Warshawsky Education Post March 04, 2024 AEIdeas College Anti-semitism Isn’t Abating By Max Eden | Ilana Ovental Post March 04, 2024 AEIdeas Why AI Struggles with Basic Math (and How That’s Changing) By John Bailey Foreign and Defense Policy Post March 05, 2024 AEIdeas The Sad Joke of Climate Change Politics By Derek Scissors Post March 04, 2024 AEIdeas What Lies behind January’s Shocking Drop in Border Crossings? By Katherine Camberg Health Care Post February 28, 2024 AEIdeas Medicare Advantage and the Role of Medigap in Higher Fee-for-Service Costs By James C. Capretta Press February 28, 2024 Discussing the DOJ probe into United Health: Gottlieb on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” By Scott Gottlieb Politics and Public Opinion Op-Ed March 04, 2024 The Dispatch Will the Haley Voters Come Back in November? By Chris Stirewalt Podcast March 04, 2024 Why Can’t Congress Budget Responsibly? (with Rep. David Schweikert) By Kevin R. Kosar | David Schweikert Opportunity and Social Mobility Report February 29, 2024 American Enterprise Institute The Age of Uncertainty—and Opportunity: Work in the Age of AI By Brent Orrell | David Veldran Article February 27, 2024 COSM Commentary Options for Improving the Child Tax Credit Provisions in H.R. 7024, the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024 By Kevin Corinth | Leslie Ford | Angela Rachidi | Matt Weidinger | Scott Winship Society and Culture Post March 04, 2024 AEIdeas Nobody Speaks Those Languages By Joshua T. Katz Op-Ed March 04, 2024 The Washington Free Beacon Teen Suicide and the Limits of Sociology By Naomi Schaefer Riley Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Post March 05, 2024 AEIdeas AI’s Automatic Stabilizers By Will Rinehart Article March 04, 2024 The Honest Broker Is Global Climate Policy Working? By Roger Pielke Jr. Research Products Working Paper March 04, 2024 AEI Economic Policy Working Paper Series Implications of Cannabis Legalization for the US Federal Budget By Alex Brill | Brian J. Miller | Stan Veuger Working Paper March 01, 2024 Case Western Reserve Law Review Permitting the Energy Transition By James W. Coleman Report February 29, 2024 American Enterprise Institute The Age of Uncertainty—and Opportunity: Work in the Age of AI By Brent Orrell | David Veldran Working Paper February 28, 2024 AEI Economic Policy Working Paper Series What Do States Do with Fiscal Windfalls? Evidence from the Pandemic By Stan Veuger | Jeffrey Clemens | Oliver Giesecke | Joshua Rauh Working Paper February 28, 2024 AEI Economic Policy Working Paper Series Understanding Rural and Urban Differences in the Price and Affordability of Early Childcare in the United States By Vincent H. Smith | Benjamin Goren Report February 27, 2024 Housing Finance Watch (Week 7 & 8, 2024) By Edward J. Pinto | Tobias Peter | Sissi Li Report February 27, 2024 Reward High Schools for Supporting Dual-Credit Attainment By Kevin Teasley Report February 24, 2024 Social Science Research Network Program Evaluation as a Strategic Instrument for Reforming the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention By Brian J. Miller | Niraj Gowda | Padmini Ranasinghe | Phillip Phan | Theresa A. Cullen Report February 23, 2024 National Home Price Appreciation (HPA) Index—January 2024 By Tobias Peter | Edward J. Pinto Report February 23, 2024 Journal of Health Economics The Value of Improving Insurance Quality: Evidence from Long-Run Medicaid Attrition By Boris Vabson | Ajin Lee Articles & Op-Eds Op-Ed February 29, 2024 An Ill-Timed Federal Reserve Move DC Journal The Fed’s high-interest rate policy is causing a sharp spike in auto loans, student loans and credit card loan delinquencies. This would seem to make a perfect storm for the small and medium-size banks. By Desmond Lachman Economics, Monetary Economics Op-Ed February 29, 2024 Breaking Defense The Army’s Cuts, Force Structure Changes Put It on the Right Path By John G. Ferrari Op-Ed February 29, 2024 Washington Examiner Exxon Turns to the Courts to Fight Back Against Activist Shareholders By Benjamin Zycher Op-Ed February 28, 2024 Bloomberg Opinion Japan Isn’t Panicking About a Possible Trump Return By Hal Brands Upcoming Events Family Unfriendly: A Book Event with Timothy P. Carney Birth rates have been falling for 15 years and hit record lows even before the pandemic. Parents and children are more anxious than ever before. What are the causes of this baby bust and anxiety boom, and what are the solutions? In Family Unfriendly: How Our Culture Made Raising Kids Much Harder Than It Needs […] March 12, 2024 Register On the Front Porch with Brent Orrell and Tony Pipa: A Conversation with Carol Graham For this conversation, AEI’s Brent Orrell and Brookings Institution’s Tony Pipa will be “on the front porch” with economist Carol Graham, whose recent book, The Power of Hope: How the Science of Well-Being Can Save Us from Despair, discusses the role that hope plays in supporting rural America. March 14, 2024 Register The Pursuit of Happiness: A Book Event with Jeffrey Rosen Why did the founders consider “the pursuit of happiness” an inalienable right, and how did they understand the phrase? In The Pursuit of Happiness: How Classical Writers on Virtue Inspired the Lives of the Founders and Defined America, the National Constitution Center’s Jeffrey Rosen examines how the founders treated happiness as the pursuit of a […] March 18, 2024 Register The Soul of Civility: A Book Event with Alexandra Hudson In our polarized age, it can be difficult to talk about the most consequential topics even with those closest to us. In her new book, The Soul of Civility: Timeless Principles to Heal Society and Ourselves, Civic Renaissance founder Alexandra Hudson explores what it takes to build a culture of civility. Drawing on various philosophical […] March 19, 2024 Register Multimedia AEI Banter Podcast July 25, 2023 Adam White on the Supreme Court By Robert Doar | Phoebe Keller | Adam J. White July 05, 2023 Derek Scissors on a New China Playbook By Robert Doar | Phoebe Keller | Derek Scissors What The Hell Podcast February 29, 2024 WTH Is Going On with Seizing Russian Assets? Stephen Rademaker Explains By Danielle Pletka | Marc A. Thiessen February 23, 2024 WTH Is Happening Two Years into the War in Ukraine? Yaroslav Trofimov Explains By Danielle Pletka | Marc A. Thiessen The Report Card Podcast February 21, 2024 Angela Watson on Homeschooling By Nat Malkus | Angela Watson February 07, 2024 Tom Richards on the Florence Academy of Art By Nat Malkus | Tom Richards Political Economy Podcast February 27, 2024 Joseph Antos: The State of Medicare By James Pethokoukis | Joseph Antos December 12, 2023 Jennifer Burns: Milton Friedman: The Last Conservative By James Pethokoukis | Jennifer Burns Scholars See All President, American Enterprise Institute Robert Doar Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Senior Fellow; Beth and Ravenel Curry Chair in Public Policy; Director of Social, Cultural, and Constitutional Studies; and Editor in Chief, National Affairs Yuval Levin Policy Area Society and Culture Arthur F. Burns Scholar in Political Economy Director of Economic Policy Studies Michael R. Strain Policy Area Economics Senior Fellow and Director of Foreign and Defense Policy Studies Kori Schake Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Director of Domestic Policy Studies Patrick and Charlene Neal Chair in American Prosperity Matthew Continetti Policy Area Politics and Public Opinion Senior Fellow Will Rinehart Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Nonresident Senior Fellow Roger Pielke Jr. Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Jeane Kirkpatrick Fellow Audrye Wong Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Jeane Kirkpatrick Fellow Kyle Balzer Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Senior Fellow Carole Hooven Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Nonresident Senior Fellow Joseph S. Tracy Policy Area Housing Nonresident Senior Fellow, Technology Policy Studies Clay Calvert Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Adjunct Fellow, Center on Opportunity and Social Mobility Leslie Ford Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Nonresident Fellow Boris Vabson Policy Area Health Care Senior Fellow Paul Lettow Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Distinguished Visiting Fellow in the Practice of Public Policy Rob Portman Policy Area Economics Senior Fellow Deputy Director, Center on Opportunity and Social Mobility Kevin Corinth Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Nonresident Fellow Brian J. Miller Policy Area Health Care Adjunct Fellow Robert Cherry Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Senior Fellow Joshua T. Katz Policy Area Society and Culture Nonresident Fellow Dustin Walker Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Adjunct Fellow Michael Brickman Policy Area Education Nonresident Senior Fellow Chris Miller Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Fellow Jeffrey A. Rosen Policy Area Legal and Constitutional Nonresident Fellow Dan Slater Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Senior Fellow Jenna Silber Storey Policy Area Society and Culture Senior Fellow Benjamin Storey Policy Area Society and Culture Nonresident Fellow J. Joel Alicea Policy Area Legal and Constitutional Nonresident Fellow William Haun Policy Area Legal and Constitutional Nonresident Senior Fellow James W. Coleman Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Senior Fellow Chris Stirewalt Policy Area Politics and Public Opinion Research Fellow Max Eden Policy Area Education Nonresident Senior Fellow Klon Kitchen Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Fellow Tunku Varadarajan Policy Area Society and Culture Nonresident Fellow Thomas Chatterton Williams Policy Area Society and Culture Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Technology, Science, and Energy M. Anthony Mills Policy Area Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Nonresident Fellow Eric Sayers Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Senior Fellow John G. Ferrari Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Senior Fellow Christopher J. Scalia Policy Area Society and Culture Senior Fellow Director, Center on Opportunity and Social Mobility Scott Winship Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Senior Fellow Kevin R. Kosar Policy Area Legal and Constitutional Senior Fellow Steven B. Kamin Policy Area Economics Senior Fellow Philip Wallach Policy Area Legal and Constitutional Senior Fellow Elaine McCusker Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Fellow Amitabh Chandra Policy Area Health Care Visiting Fellow Robert Kulick Policy Area Economics Senior Fellow Robert Pondiscio Policy Area Education Senior Fellow Ian Rowe Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Nonresident Fellow Michael Brendan Dougherty Policy Area Society and Culture Nonresident Fellow Ross Douthat Policy Area Society and Culture Nonresident Senior Fellow Michael Beckley Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Senior Fellow Kyle Pomerleau Policy Area Economics Nonresident Fellow John D. Maurer Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Nonresident Fellow Kirsten Axelsen Policy Area Economics Nonresident Fellow Mason M. Bishop Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Senior Fellow Hal Brands Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Director, Survey Center on American Life Senior Fellow in Polling and Public Opinion Daniel A. Cox Policy Area Social, Cultural, and Constitutional Studies Senior Fellow and Rowe Scholar Matt Weidinger Policy Area Opportunity and Social Mobility Senior Fellow Giselle Donnelly Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy Senior Fellow Zack Cooper Policy Area Foreign and Defense Policy About About AEI Organization and Purpose Leadership Annual Report AEI Archive Scholars Find a scholar by policy area: Agricultural Policy Studies Center for Technology, Science, and Energy Economics Education Foreign and Defense Policy Health Care Housing Legal and Constitutional Opportunity and Social Mobility Politics and Public Opinion Society and Culture Workforce Development Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Health Care Education Politics and Public Opinion Opportunity & Social Mobility Society and Culture Technology and Innovation Legal and Constitutional Studies Contact American Enterprise Institute1789 Massachusetts Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20036 Main telephone: 202.862.5800 Main fax: 202.862.7177 Donate Subscribe © 2024 American Enterprise Institute | Privacy Policy