African. Safari. Experts. We’ll Show You Africa | Go2Africa Int Toll Free Numbers 1-866-438-8677 1-888-360-2392 1-800-619-441 0800-404-9451 +27-21-481-4900 Travel Deals Blog Contact Us Enquire Search Results × Destinations Destinations Top Destinations Kruger National Park Cape Town Victoria Falls Okavango Delta Serengeti Masai Mara View More East Africa Tanzania Kenya Rwanda Uganda View More Southern Africa South Africa Botswana Zimbabwe Zambia Namibia Mozambique View More Tours & Safaris Big 5 Safaris Family Safaris Hidden Gems Honeymoon Safaris Luxury Safaris Malaria Free Safaris Migration Safaris Safari & Beach Holidays Trips With A Purpose View All Tours & Safaris When to Travel January February March April May June July August September October November December About Us Our Story Why Travel With Us Financial Protection Newsletter Signup Meet the Team Traveller Reviews Destinations Top Destinations Kruger National Park Cape Town Victoria Falls Okavango Delta Serengeti Masai Mara View More East Africa Tanzania Kenya Rwanda Uganda View More Southern Africa South Africa Botswana Zimbabwe Zambia Namibia Mozambique View More Tours & Safaris Big 5 Safaris Family Safaris Hidden Gems Honeymoon Safaris Luxury Safaris Malaria Free Safaris Migration Safaris Safari & Beach Holidays Trips With A Purpose View All Tours & Safaris When to Travel January February March April May June July August September October November December About Us Our Story Why Travel With Us Financial Protection Newsletter Signup Meet the Team Traveller Reviews Travel Deals Blog Contact Us International Toll Free Numbers 1-866-438-8677 1-888-360-2392 1-800-619-441 0800-404-9451 ALL OTHER COUNTRIES +27-21-481-4900 Enquire Enquire Search Results × We’ll show you Africa, better than anyone else Help Me Plan Makgadikgadi National Park, Botswana African. Safari. Experts. Welcome to Go2Africa. Since 1998 we have been planning trips the length and breadth of the continent. The secret to our success? Our commitment to first-hand knowledge of every destination, lodge and activity we recommend. Collectively, we spend more than 365 days a year on safari to ensure you get the best, unbiased advice. We won’t show you the world; we’ll show you Africa, better than anyone else. Based in Cape Town, South Africa 3000+ safari partners across Africa Assistance & local know-how whenever you need it Africa's Top Wildlife Experiences Whether you are dreaming of a first-hand meeting with the Big 5, getting up close and personal to a gorilla, witnessing one of the planet's most spectacular natural events, or simply relaxing on a pristine beach, our experts will tell you how and where to do it. Resources for Planning Your First Safari Destination Guide Masai Mara, Serengeti or Kruger? Arguably three of safari's heaviest hitters, each offering a truly unique experience. Choosing the best one is hard, but fortunately we've been exploring all three since 1998. Weigh Them Up Budget Guidelines What Does an African Safari Cost? Always a burning question on any traveller's mind. We've crunched the numbers for you and break down safari budgets. See Our Guide Top Trip Ideas 10 Best African Safari Holidays We've compiled our favourite, tried-and-tested African safari holidays - all completely customisable to suit your travel wishes. View Our List The Wildebeest Migration: All You Need to Know A Beginner's Guide How Does the Wildebeest Migration Work? We've compiled a month-by-month guide to the Wildebeest Migration, including our expert planning tips to put you in the right place at the right time. View Our Guide Migration Safari Accommodation Where to Get Front-Row Seats From mobile (movable) camps to luxury lodges, we've rounded up our favourite places to stay to witness the spectacle of the Wildebeest Migration. See Our List Top Trip Ideas Best Migration Safaris We've compiled our best itineraries - all completely customisable to suit your travel wishes. View Our Trips Tried & Tested Itineraries Travel Inspiration 13 Best South Africa Safaris Enjoy fantastic travel logistics, guaranteed daily sightings of the Big 5, and some of the world's best culinary experiences without breaking the bank. These are our best South Africa tours. See Our List Travel Inspiration 10 Best Kenya Safaris Float silently above the Masai Mara's abundant wildlife in a hot-air balloon. Get that postcard-perfect snap of elephants against a Kilimanjaro backdrop. These are our greatest Kenya safari tours. See Our List Travel Inspiration 12 Best Tanzania Safaris From witnessing nature’s greatest spectacle, the Great Migration, to encountering the Big Five inside the world’s largest inactive volcanic crater, these are our top Tanzania safari choices. See Our List Next Card Previous Card Why travel with Go2Africa? Based in Cape Town, our team of experts are all born and raised in Africa.When you travel with us you’re assured of the Big 5 Guarantee. We Are Safari Experts We have first-hand knowledge of every single destination, lodge and activity we recommend. Our Best Price Promise If you’re able to find a better quote for your itinerary let us know and we’ll match it. Positive Impact The money from your trip stays in Africa, supporting local communities and conservation projects long after you return home. Full Service, 24/7 On Safari Support We take care of every detail, offering 24/7 assistance and local know-how from the right time zone, until you return safely home. Complete Financial Protection Our clients are fully covered by our supplier default insurance, and Our accreditation bond with the Southern Africa Tourism Services Association 250 Years Curating Customised Safari Experiences 2052 Client Reviews at 5 Stars on Feefo 10 Awards Won in the Last Year 500 Lodges and Camps Visited Each Year 158400 Travellers Introduced to Africa Interested to know more? Click the link to find out all about Go2Africa’s Big 5 Guarantee Enquire Top African Safari Destinations Whether it’s your first safari or your twentieth, our Africa Safari Expects can tail-make any vacation to make it the trip of a lifetime, everytime. We know and love these destinations, and hope the guides will be a great starting point for your safari planning. Botswana Cape Town Kenya Kruger National Park Namibia Okavango Delta Serengeti South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe View All African Destinations Trips To Inspire Be inspired by a selection of our favourite African safari tours. From romantic honeymoons to family-friendly holidays – all completely flexible and arranged to your travel needs. East Africa's Mara, Crater & Serengeti Migration Safari Enquire for pricing 9 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights Unrivalled Big 5 game viewing. Witness the Great Migration (July to October). Destinations visited Kenya Lake Manyara Masai Mara Ngorongoro Crater Serengeti Good Value Year-Round Migration & Safari From $9,095 per person sharing 10 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights Great Wildebeest Migration viewing from specialist camps in Kenya or Tanzania. Full-day Ngorongoro Crater Big 5 safari in Tanzania. Destinations visited Arusha Kenya Lake Manyara Masai Mara Ngorongoro Crater Family Cape Town, Kruger & Victoria Falls From $7,180 per person sharing 10 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights An excellent introductory, family or honeymoon trip to Africa. Explore Cape Town's beaches, Winelands and famous tourist attractions. Destinations visited Cape Town Kruger National Park South Africa Botswana's Delta, Moremi & Savute From $6,390 per person sharing 9 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights Combine three of Botswana's top wildlife destinations. Expect excellent, up-close game viewing. Destinations visited Botswana Chobe National Park Okavango Delta Savuti East Africa Year-Round Migration Safari From $8,310 per person sharing 10 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights First night spent on a coffee estate with Mount Meru as your backdrop. Big Five encounters at the famed Ngorongoro Crater. Destinations visited Arusha Kenya Masai Mara Ngorongoro Crater Serengeti Community & Wildlife Luxury Safari: Kruger & the Kalahari From $13,365 per person sharing 10 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights Search for the Big 5 in Thornybush Game Reserve. Engaging community tour at Nourish Eco Village. Destinations visited Kruger National Park South Africa East Africa's Kenya, Tanzania & Uganda & Gorillas Safari From $18,775 per person sharing 15 days SPECIAL OFFER Highlights See the extraordinary Wildebeest Migration in season. Seek out Big 5 game viewing. Destinations visited Arusha Kenya Masai Mara Nairobi Ngorongoro Crater See All Safaris Celebrating 25 Years of Unparalleled Experience Talk To An Expert See What Our Travellers Have To Say Magical Magical The client experience experts are well informed, strong communicators and very organized. Phone, video and email consultations were efficient and helpful. They worked to thoroughly understand our tr C Catherine 7 days ago Excellent Excellent Yes it was great 13 days ago all was smoov 13 days ago Exceptional service with amazing attenti ... Exceptional service with amazing attention to detail. Go to Africa has been fantastic. Their attention to detail is exceptional. Every aspect is covered well. The staff they arrange are extremely friendly. I have been with them for a few years now and us R Raghu 14 days ago Organized and handled the details for an ... Organized and handled the details for an amazing bucket list trip ! An amazing bucket list trip! The Go to Africa team put together an itinerary that was a wonderful way to experience Kenya and Tanzania on a first time trip. We would highly recommend their services . 18 days ago Highly recommended Highly recommended Our trip was not only perfectly planned (with lots of back and forth to iron out details) but also perfectly executed, with not a single glitch during our entire whirlwind trip all over Tanzania. Grea A Andrew 18 days ago Amazing trip. Incredibly helpful every step of the way. I would not hesitate to recommend Go2Africa. 22 days ago Giada and Carla were both incredibly helpful. They made sure all deadlines were met and really helped cater an experience in our budget. The safari was one of the most amazing experiences any of us ha S Sydney 22 days ago Absolutely wonderful experience working with Go2Africa! We worked with Mary Keet and Chanele, and they were incredibly helpful as we planned our dream honeymoon. Chanele went above and beyond to help A Amanda 22 days ago Knowledgeable, reliable, experienced & a ... Knowledgeable, reliable, experienced & authentic. Helpful staff, great holiday, experienced & knowledgeable Safari driver, and a big and comfortable safari truck, complete with a mini drinks fridge! Our driver found lots of wildlife easily for us to S Susan 27 days ago Already planning the next trip Already planning the next trip They put together a trip for the ages, excellent hotels and arrangements were wonderful. Never had a care so we were able to focus on our honeymoon, will definitely use them again. 27 days ago Exceptional customer service. Very attentive to our needs in customizing our Safari. C Christina 28 days ago Great experience and great service Great experience and great service Everything about working with Caroline at go2Africa was outstanding. The attention to detail and the follow up were excellent. The explanation of what was needed as it relates to vaccines, visas, etc. T Tj 28 days ago Justin took the time to meet with us and explain the different options when considering an African safari and crafted an itinerary that fit us perfectly. N Nicholas 28 days ago Great trip! Great trip! Justin put together a great package for us. Everything went off without a hitch. Craig answered all my questions. We had a wonderful stress-free vacation. J Jane 28 days ago Bucket list trip! Bucket list trip! We had an amazing bucket list trip. The planning team was great at tailoring the trip for us and our needs as well as providing their knowledge of the areas we visited. Our guide completed the deal fo A A L 28 days ago "Go2Africa" exceeds expectations "Go2Africa" exceeds expectations “Go2Africa” is my go-to planning company as it not only meets all my criteria for planning my trips in Africa, it surpasses them. Having travelled, over the years, several times to many countries of P Patricia 30 days ago The best honeymoon and vacation ever! The best honeymoon and vacation ever! I absolutely loved Go2Africa's customer service. They were incredible at creating an itinerary that was personalized exactly to what I wanted. They made everything effortless. I didn't have to worry a C Christine 34 days ago Great Experience Booking with Go2Africa ... Great Experience Booking with Go2Africa for our South African Adventure Our experience with Go2Africa was wonderful. I received quotes from multiple companies and ultimately chose Go2Africa for their willingness to work with me on my desired itinerary and budget. They wer R Riley 35 days ago Excellent Experience Excellent Experience Great organization, high quality, excellent service. Trip to Uganda and Masai Mara. D Diego 36 days ago See All Reviews Where To Travel When Timing is everything. Planning to witness the Great Wildebeest Migration in East Africa, experience a Big 5 safari in the Kruger National Park or spend your Honeymoon in the Seychelles? Explore our guidelines – based on our expert, on-the-ground knowledge of Africa’s travel seasons. JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEP OCT NOV DEC JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEP OCT NOV DEC Southern Serengeti - Tanzania Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 17 Celsius | 63 Fahrenheit What Calving season during the Great Wildebeest Migration. Find Out More Kalahari Desert - Botswana Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 28 Celsius | 82 Fahrenheit What Excellent birding, game viewing and the zebra migration in the now-green Kalahari Desert. Find Out More Quirimbas Archipelago - Mozambique Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 27 Celsius | 81 Fahrenheit What Diving in the Quirimbas Archipelago. Find Out More Zanzibar - Tanzania Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 27 Celsius | 80 Fahrenheit What Diving off Zanzibar. Find Out More Bwindi Impenetrable National Park - Uganda Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 11 Celsius | 64 Fahrenheit What Trekking mountain gorillas in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park. Find Out More Cape Town & Garden Route Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 20 Celsius | 68 Fahrenheit What Self-drive road trip or private guided tour of Cape Town, the surrounding Cape Winelands and the Garden Route that runs from Cape Town and takes you to Addo Elephant National Park. Find Out More Our Top picks for January (1 of ) Southern Serengeti - Tanzania Season | High Summer | Average Temperature for January | 17 Celsius | 63 Fahrenheit What Calving season during the Great Wildebeest Migration. Find Out More Our Partners In Africa, it’s all about who you know. We understand the importance of great relationships, and that’s why we have been cultivating ours on the continent for over two decades. We’re proud to recommend these top African safari brands! [email protected] Go2Africa House, 12A Portswood RoadV&A Waterfront, Cape Town 8001, South Africa Join Our Newsletter Exciting lodge openings, new trip ideas, and exclusive offers… Please enter your first name Please provide a valid email address You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Privacy Policy Submit Explore Go2Africa Why Book With Go2Africa About Us Awards & Recognition Our Africa Safari Experts Go2Africa Gives Back Traveller Reviews Join Our Affiliate Program Contact Us Find Your Dream Holiday African Safaris Safari Accommodation Africa Travel Deals Where To Safari Top Safari Brands Flights to Africa Locations In Africa Masai Mara Safari Visit Mauritius Visit Zanzibar Victoria Falls Tours Okavango Delta Safari South Africa Safaris Tanzania Safaris Rwanda Gorilla Trekking African Travel Blog Best Safaris In Africa Kenya Safaris Wildebeest Migration Serengeti Safaris Masai Mara Lodges Kruger National Park Lodges African Safari Cost Luxury African Safaris Botswana Safaris Namibia Safaris Safari Experiences All Inclusive Safaris Affordable African Safaris Kenya & Tanzania Safaris African Safari Honeymoon Tanzania Luxury Safaris Kenya Family Safaris Self Drive Holidays Explore Go2Africa Why Book With Go2Africa About Us Awards & Recognition Our Africa Safari Experts Go2Africa Gives Back Traveller Reviews Join Our Affiliate Program Contact Us Find Your Dream Holiday African Safaris Safari Accommodation Africa Travel Deals Where To Safari Top Safari Brands Flights to Africa Locations In Africa Masai Mara Safari Visit Mauritius Visit Zanzibar Victoria Falls Tours Okavango Delta Safari South Africa Safaris Tanzania Safaris Rwanda Gorilla Trekking African Travel Blog Best Safaris In Africa Kenya Safaris Wildebeest Migration Serengeti Safaris Masai Mara Lodges Kruger National Park Lodges African Safari Cost Luxury African Safaris Botswana Safaris Namibia Safaris Safari Experiences All Inclusive Safaris Affordable African Safaris Kenya & Tanzania Safaris African Safari Honeymoon Tanzania Luxury Safaris Kenya Family Safaris Self Drive Holidays 1-866-438-8677 1-888-360-2392 1-800-619-441 0800-404-9451 All other countries +27-21-481-4900 Booking Terms & Conditions | Web Usage Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Notice of Collection How do we use cookies? Cookies help us understand what you're looking for and point you towards your ideal safari. Read more about our cookies and Privacy Policy below Essential Essential Always active Always on These cookies are necessary and cannot be disabled. They are basic cookies that enable our website to work properly so that you can use the most important functions and navigate easily. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Performance Performance These cookies measure and track how our website is used and allow us to improve our performance and services. If you deactivate these cookies, we won't be able to optimize our website with your best interests in mind. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Advertising Advertising These cookies enable personalization by tracking things such as what you view, browse, and search for on our website. These cookies are used by Go2Africa and our trusted partners to gather information about your website usage over time, to display more relevant content when you browse. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} How do we use cookies? To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Essential Essential Always active Always on These cookies are necessary and cannot be disabled. They are basic cookies that enable our website to work properly so that you can use the most important functions and navigate easily. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Performance Performance These cookies measure and track how our website is used and allow us to improve our performance and services. If you deactivate these cookies, we won't be able to optimize our website with your best interests in mind. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Advertising Advertising These cookies enable personalization by tracking things such as what you view, browse, and search for on our website. These cookies are used by Go2Africa and our trusted partners to gather information about your website usage over time, to display more relevant content when you browse. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage cookies Manage cookies