The Spruce: Make Your Best Home Skip to content button button Visit The Spruce's homepage Newsletters Close search form Open search form Enter your search term Search Decor Room Design Decorating Design Styles Small Spaces Feng Shui See all Garden Plants A to Z Houseplants Landscaping Pests & Problems Wild Birds In the Weeds With Plant People The Spruce Gardening Review Board See all Home Improvement Skills & Specialties Painting Kitchen Bathroom Interior Remodel Exteriors Outdoor Building Home Services Green Improvements The Spruce Home Improvement Review Board See all Cleaning Cleaning Organizing Laundry Pest Control The Spruce Cleaning Review Board See all Celebrations Events & Parties Etiquette & Advice Birthdays See all What to Buy How We Test Products Bedding Furniture Vacuums Best Gifts Cleaning Products See all News Home Trends Brands & Collections Sales & Deals House Tours Perspectives "One Thing" Video Series In the Weeds With Plant People See all About Us Editorial Policy Product Testing Diversity & Inclusion Gardening Review Board Home Improvement Review Board Cleaning Review Board See all Get daily tips and tricks for making your best home.Subscribe About Us Newsletter Press and Media Contact Us Editorial Guidelines 385 Million Annual Readers 1,700+ Products Tested 19,000+ Original Photos 2,000 How-To Projects 60 Purple Flowers to Brighten Up Your Landscape See More Editors' Picks Everything You Need to Know About Staking Indoor Plants What We're Into: The Very Best Trampolines for Outdoor Fun Drew Barrymore's New Collection Will Set Your Table for Success Our Mission Our goal is to empower you to achieve your home improvement dreams, from the aha moment to project completion. Whatever the task, The Spruce can show you how. Meet Our Team Say hello to the editors who love all things home and garden as much as you do. Kate McKenna Senior Editor Jenny Hughes Senior Editor Mia Ingui Editor Jane Kim Associate Editor Meet the rest of the team See Mélanie Teach Us About Container Gardening on GMA3 What's New Are Closed-Concept Layouts Back? Designers Say Yes—Find Out Why 6 DIY Home Decor Trends That Will Be Big This Year, Pros Share How to Refresh Your Home for Spring, Based on Your Zodiac Sign Experts Share a Complete Guide for Decluttering Before Moving We Test Products So You Don’t Have To We vacuum cereal, sleep on dozens of mattresses, and ask our kids to jump on furniture. Our editors and experts are constantly testing products in our lab and at home to give you product recommendations you can trust. We do the research and give honest feedback—all so you can live your best life. Learn more about our process. The Spruce Lab 10,000 Square Foot Lab 100s of Products Tested Monthly 100,000+ Hours Spent Testing Annually Real Testing, Real Life, Real Results Shop Our Top Picks Illuminate Any Outdoor Space With the Best Solar Lights The Best Pressure Washers to Clean Your Home's Exterior and Beyond The Spruce Review Board Process Our Review Boards are made up of certified experts who examine our content for accuracy and reliability to ensure that it reflects the most up-to-date information. Meet the teams and learn more about our review process. Written Reviewed Edited Approved Meet Our Review Boards Gardening & Plant Care Julie Thompson-Adolf Master Gardener Kathleen Miller Master Gardener and Horticulturist See More Renovation & Repair Deane Biermeirer Licensed Contractor Johnathan Brewer Licensed General Contractor See More Cleaning & Organization Dr. Rhea Mehta, HBSc, PhD Environmental Toxicologist Amanda Rose Newton, MS Board Certified Entomologist See More Home Refresh These Eclectic Bedrooms Will Create a Space That Feels Uniquely You Kitchens That Prove Black Appliances Look Great in a Cooking Space 37 Cheap Backyard Makeover Ideas That Are High Impact But Low Cost Spruce Up Your Inbox! Get daily tips and tricks for making your best home.Subscribe Houseplants Learn How to Care for This Stunning Tropical Flower Indoors The Ultimate Guide to Care for the Rare Philodendron Splendid Give Any Bathroom a Pop of Greenery With Bird's Nest Ferns What to Watch Now The Secret to Awesome DIY Hoop Wreaths Don't think you have the creative chops to make a beautiful wreath? Have no fear! We break it down into an easy-to-do formula. Read the Article Watch More Visit The Spruce's homepage Get daily tips and tricks for making your best home.Subscribe Follow us: Decor Garden Home Improvement Cleaning Celebrations What to Buy News About Us Terms Of Service Editorial Guidelines Advertise Careers Privacy Policy Contact The Spruce is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service.