FineGardening - FineGardening Fine Gardening Facebook LinkedIn Email Pinterest Twitter Instagram Tiktok Icon YouTube Icon Navigation Search Icon Main Search Icon Video Play Icon Audio Play Icon Headphones Icon Plus Icon Minus Icon Check Icon Print Icon Note Icon Heart Icon Filled Heart Icon Single Arrow Icon Double Arrow Icon Hamburger Icon TV Icon Close Icon Sorted Hamburger/Search Icon Skip to content How-To Design My Region Video Magazine GPOD Podcast All Access Courses Forum More Search Open Search Close Search Subscribe Subscribe Main Menu Fine Gardening Log In Log In Instragram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter How-To Design My Region Video Magazine GPOD Podcast All Access Courses Forum More Search Open Search Close Search Exclusive gardening insight and advice for your region and your gardenStart Your FREE Trial Design Gardening Buyer’s Guide 2024 I don't know about you, but I'm ready to get outside and get my hands into the warm dirt. Gardening season can't come soon enough this year. In the meantime,… Design Unique Spring-Container Design Ideas When the bulbs first start breaking through the ground in spring, it’s easy to focus all our energy on our garden beds. After all, there are edges to sharpen, holes… Design 9 Fantastic Flowering Trees While gardeners often extol the virtues of outstanding bark and winter interest, let’s not kid ourselves—flower power reigns supreme. A tree that is a stately focal point most of the… How-To Essential Garden Tools for Spring Prune effortlessly with these adjustable loppers A good pair of loppers can make spring pruning a breeze. However, most loppers seem to make even a strong person feel pathetically weak… NEW! Fine Gardening Project Guides Learn how to create the garden of your dreams with the expertise of Fine Gardening View All Guides Container Gardening Container Gardening View Guide Fruits and Vegetables Fruits and Vegetables View Guide Pruning Pruning View Guide Garden Catalog Collector Resources, plants, and products for your most spectacular garden! Select Catalogs Garden Photo of the Day Daily Images to inspire your imagination. Previous Next Today, 03/05 Snow in Carla's Garden 03/04 Carol's Winter Garden 03/01 GPOD on the Road: Vancouver Hardy-Plant Study Weekend, Part 2 02/29 Winter at the Fern Fairway 02/28 Margot’s Snowdrops 02/27 Visiting Spring in North Carolina 02/26 Dreaming of Tulips in New York 02/23 GPOD on the Road: Vancouver Hardy-Plant Study Weekend 02/22 Fall in the Fern Fairway 02/21 Snow in Carol’s Garden 02/20 Floral Sunshine From Barb 02/19 The Garden Continues Don't forget to sign up for the Garden Photo of the Day Newsletter and special offers! Newsletter Signup Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters The Plant Guide In-depth information on all types of plants ‘Charmeur’ tulip ‘Morning Light’ miscanthus ‘Baby Moon’ daffodil Drumstick allium ‘Casa Blanca’ Oriental lily 'Polar Ice' rugosa rose Black bamboo Autumn crocus 'Blue Spike' grape hyacinth Browse the Guide Video View All Videos Design Take a Video Tour of a Rooftop Pollinator Garden Take a tour through a magical pollinator garden located atop a multistory apartment building in the middle of Chicago. Featured in Fine Gardening #213, this garden is an oasis within… How-To Basic Pruning Terms and Tools Design Tour a Beautiful, Eco-Friendly Front-Yard Garden Design 4 Midsummer Favorites From a Plant Breeder's Garden Design How to Make Beautiful Botanical Notecards with Pressed Flowers Podcast Let’s Argue About Plants The podcast for people who love plants but not always the same ones Subscribe Apple Podcasts RSS Feed Listen to the latest episode Episode 153: Compact Plants for Tight Spaces Every gardener wishes they had 25 acres to garden on, right? Well, maybe not, but most of us do dream of a healthy amount of ground to build beds and… Fine Gardening Newsletter Get the latest how-to and design inspiration articles plus special offers sent straight to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Connect Follow Fine Gardening on your favorite social networks. Instragram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Fine Gardening Magazine Fine Gardening – Issue 216 Essential Garden Tools for Spring View Full Issue View Issue Archive Subscribe Renew Fine Gardening – Issue 215 Praise for Perennial Evergreens | Letter from the Editor Fine Gardening – Issue 214 12 Beautiful Plants That Evolved Nasty Defenses Against Pests Fine Gardening – Issue 213 Learn to Spot and Treat Summer Plant Diseases Fine Gardening Follow Instragram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Newsletter Get the latest how-to and design inspiration articles plus special offers sent straight to your inbox. Newsletter Signup Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Membership & Magazine "Best of Fine Gardening" Archive Online Magazine Start Free Trial Magazine Subscription Magazine Renewal Gift a Subscription Customer Support Privacy Preferences Taunton Network Fine Homebuilding Fine Woodworking Green Building Advisor Threads About Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Use Site Map Do not sell or share my information Privacy Policy Accessibility California Privacy Rights © 2024 Active Interest Media. All rights reserved. Search How-To Design Kitchen Gardening Plant Guide Video Magazine Photo of the Day Courses Podcast All Access My Region Forum Follow Instragram Pinterest YouTube TikTok Facebook Twitter Subscribe today and save up to 61% Subscribe All Access members get more Sign up for a free trial and get access to ALL our regional content, plus the rest of the member-only content library. Start Free Trial Already a subscriber? Log in Toggle Caption Previous Next We hope you’ve enjoyed your free articles. To keep reading, become a member today. Get complete site access to expert advice, regional content, and more, plus the print magazine. Start your FREE trial Already a member? Log in