Muse™ EEG-Powered Meditation & Sleep Headband Subtotal: $0.00 Proceed to Checkout Continue Shopping US Store How It Works Benefits Science App App Premium Subscription Press + Reviews US Store Shop Train your brain & find your focus Unlock your brain in just a few minutes a day with the world's most accurate mobile EEG device. Discover Muse Backed by research See how it works At-home biofeedback training Muse is a research-grade EEG headband that acts as your personal meditation coach. Advanced sensors accurately measure your biosignals, while gentle audio cues deliver real-time feedback to bring your focus back to the present. Train During the session, Muse gives you real-time audio feedback based on your brain activity, teaching you how to master your mind and gain more control over your focus. Track Muse’s sensors passively measure your brain activity, heart rate, breath, and body movement. Refer back to this data whenever you want. Transform Studies have shown that over time this practice can improve your ability to focus, reduce stress, and enhance self-awareness. Learn how it works Life without Muse Lack of focus & productivityMind wandering / mental noiseInterrupted sleepAnxious & restless thoughtsInability to wind down & relax Life with Muse Better focus and clarity*Better able to handle stress*Feeling calmer and more relaxed*Better emotional regulation*20% better sleep quality**Data-driven insights & progress in real time *Based on Muse customer research conducted April 2021**A 2021 study by Cambridge Brain Science, Western University, Hatch, and Interaxon that used Muse S sleep support technology showed a 20% improvement in Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, relative to controls wanting to improve their sleep. Does Muse actually work? MDs, neuroscientists, press & real users share their results Trustpilot Mark 'the machine' Elliott The Muse S rocks! This is without question the absolute coolest self-care item I have ever purchased. Even without the sleep tracking, I still feel this statement holds true. However, sleep tracking takes this product over the top. I highly recommend it to anybody who wants to improve their meditation practice, overall mindfulness, and sleep habits. Diego Gutierrez I love this device I love this device; I practice meditation with it everyday and also I do neurofeedback using Mindlyft. I am a day trader and really helps me in my daily routine. Paulette A Divine Choreography I'm really excited to have a Muse S. I'm just getting acquainted with it, but it's been easy to learn and navigate so far. The support for sleeping couldn't have come at a better time, as my physician is getting patients off of sleep aids. I have yet to experience the Creativity programs but am anxious to do so because I've designated this year, 2023, to bolstering that part of my life. My connecting with Muse feels like a Divine Choreography -- perfect timing! See Reviews Train your brain with biofeedback See your brain activity after every meditationTrack how much time you spent in a calm, focused stateUnderstand how many times you lost focus while meditatingUse insights from the Muse app to improve the quality of your meditation practice Worth the hype. View press EEG-POWERED SLEEP A sleep lab at home Your Muse headband is more than just a brain training coach. At night, it guides you into a deep, restful sleep by responsive bedtime stories designed to help you shut off your busy mind and prepare you for bed.Muse's sleep experiences use innovative smart-fade technology to cue your brain to sleep, and fall back asleep if you wake up through the night.Plus, it tracks how deeply you sleep and the time you spend in different sleep stages and positions, so you can use these insights to build strong sleep habits that last. Wake up refreshed Master your mind with expert content Start today by downloading the Muse app.500+ expert-led guided meditationsDashboard view of progress and rewards At home sleep lap, with sleep scoreCourses and collections for specific life situations Explore the App Comfortable. Simple. Clinically Accurate. Shop Muse S Subscribe Now Sign-up & download The Foundations of Mindfulness + exclusive promotions & access to all things Muse, meditation, and neuroscience. Email* Submit muse family © Muse 2024. All rights reserved. InteraXon Inc. 555 Richmond St West - Suite 900 Toronto ON, Canada M5V 3B1 *30 Day Money Back Guarantee We accept support Contact Starter Guides FAQ Referral Program expanded-shop Shop Accessories Shop Muse in Bulk muse-universe Blog Untangle Podcast Brain Health Muse Labs resources Guided Meditation Sleep Meditation Accessibility Statement company Careers Team Partnerships Developers Affiliate Program Business Legal Press Kit resources Guided Meditation Sleep Meditation Accessibility Statement Meditate without hardware on the app! © Muse 2024. All Rights Reserved Select your store Please select your country below so we can display the correct prices, delivery times, and delivery costs for your location. Most Popular North America Latin America & Caribbean Middle East Asia and Oceania Europe Most Popular United States Canada United Kingdom Australia Thailand France Spain Germany North America United States Canada Latin America & Caribbean Argentina Chile Rest of Latin America and Caribbean Middle East Israel United Arab Emirates Rest of Middle East Asia and Oceania Thailand Japan Singapore Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia and Oceana Europe United Kingdom Germany France Spain Italy Switzerland Rest of Europe Hello! You're visiting Muse from somewhere outside of the US. Please select your country below so we can display the correct prices, delivery times, and delivery costs for your location. US Site CA Site EU Site Intl. Site Take me to the US store