VELO - Competitive Cycling News, Race Results and Bike Reviews - Velo Outside Watch Learn Podcasts Maps Events Shop BuySell Outside+ Join Now Sign In Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Outside Watch Premium Films and Live TV Campfire Outside Learn Expand your Skills with Online Courses Podcasts The Outside Podcast Maps Get the Free Gaia GPS App Get the Free Trailforks App Events Find Your Event BuySell Buy & Sell Gear Outside+ See Membership Programs Shop Discover Outdoor Products Advocacy Find Your Good Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Brands Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside.io Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Pinkbike Roll Massif Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News Cairn FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Books VeloSwap Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Roll Massif Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Shop VeloPress VeloSwap 2-FOR-1 GA TICKETS WITH OUTSIDE+ Don’t miss Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more at the Outside Festival. GET TICKETS NOW TICKETS NOW ON SALE! Outside Festival feat. Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more. GET EARLY-BIRD DEALS Search Home News Road Racing Culture Gear Training Tour de France Giro d'Italia Bobby & Jens Gravel Racing Gear EBike Urban Cyclocross Velo Outside Feed News Road Gravel EBike Urban Cyclocross Velo Outside Feed News Road Gravel EBike Urban Cyclocross Join Now Sign In Strade-Bianche Signals Intense Racing to Come in the 2024 Classics Breaking down key highlights & takeaways from a stunningly impressive solo performance on the beautiful white roads of Tuscany. Spencer Martin Paris-Nice: Brandon McNulty into Yellow as Rain Puts Damper on Roglič-Evenepoel TTT Showdown Andrew Hood Power Analysis: How Pogačar Crushed Strade Bianche Zach Nehr First Look: The Canyon Grizl:ON e-Gravel Bike is a Bit Extra, and that’s OK Jessie-May Morgan Time Up for Outrageous TT Helmet Designs? The UCI Undertakes Review of the Regs Jessie-May Morgan Must Reads Sofia Gomez Villafañe and Keegan Swenson Repeat Victory at BWR Arizona Is Remco Evenepoel Part of Pro Cycling’s ‘Big Four’? Paris-Nice Will Provide Pointers Must Reads ‘When Riders Express Concerns, It Worries Me:’ Hansen Welcomes Urgent UCI Review of Hookless Rims and Tires ‘What The Hell Just Happened?’ Strade Bianche Peloton Shocked by Tadej Pogacar’s Dominant Victory Latest Road Racing ‘More and More Excitement:’ Paris-Nice Star Olav Kooij Counting Weeks to Debut Giro d’Italia Dutchman is emerging star in world of sprinting, and will join forces with Wout van Aert in Visma stage blitz at Italian grand tour. Shane Stokes 13 hours ago Mountain Racing For These Athletes, the Cape Epic is the Perfect Kickoff to the Life Time Grand Prix Morton and Schleck, Gomez Villafañe and Sheppard, and Beers and Grotts are just some of the riders tackling the South African race before the LTGP. Betsy Welch Published Mar 4, 2024 Road Gear Cadex Releases “The Best All-Rounder Road Wheel” Yet and Duo of New Integrated Bars Giant's premium component arm adds a range of wheels, bars, and a new tire. Alvin Holbrook Published Mar 4, 2024 Road Gear Wildest Time Trial Helmet Yet? Visma-Lease a Bike Unleashes Insane New Lid at Tirreno-Adriatico Jonas Vingegaard and teammates test radical new design from Giro in advance of team's Tour de France defense. Jim Cotton Published Mar 4, 2024 Road Racing Photo Epic: The Gravel, Grit and Pure Emotions of Strade Bianche Donne A look at an incredible day’s racing on the white roads of central Italy. Twila Muzzi Published Mar 3, 2024 Gravel Racing Riding Your First Gravel Race? We Have All The Training Tips For You Course selection, intervals and more: A how-to guide to getting ready for gravel competition. Zach Nehr Updated Mar 4, 2024 Road Racing Kasia Niewiadoma Distraught after SD Worx Domination Spoils Strade Bianche Hopes ‘It just sucks being all the time there but not getting the victory’ - Polish rider frustrated by near misses in Strade Bianche. Shane Stokes Published Mar 3, 2024 Road Racing Strade Bianche Pain and Suffering for Sepp Kuss and Quinn Simmons Kristen Faulkner leads the way with a fine showing on what was otherwise a day of bad luck for American challengers. Andy McGrath Published Mar 3, 2024 Road Racing Race to the Sun Showdown at Paris-Nice as Primoz Roglič, Remco Evenepoel Cross Swords The first sparring amid the Big Four starts this weekend as European stage racing begins in earnest at Paris-Nice. Jeremy Whittle reckons history suggests Primoz Roglič, but momentum may say Remco Evenepoel. Jeremy Whittle Published Mar 3, 2024 Road Racing Today Is Tadej’s Day: Pogačar’s Most Dominant Win, and What It Means for His Season After stunning Strade Bianche success, next stop Milan-San Remo in year with the biggest, boldest targets. Shane Stokes Published Mar 2, 2024 Road Racing Tadej Pogačar Stuns Strade Bianche with 80km Solo on Season Debut Pogačar makes audacious solo move on longest gravel sector of the race to set the tone on wildly ambitious 2024 season. Jim Cotton Published Mar 2, 2024 Road Racing ‘I Didn’t Think I Could Win Today’: Bad Legs Can’t Keep Lotte Kopecky from Strade Bianche Triumph SD Worx-Protime teamwork makes Kopecky's dream work at Strade Bianche as world champion's confidence for spring classics grows. Andy McGrath Published Mar 2, 2024 Road Racing Kopecky Blitzes Longo Borghini on Siena Climb for Her Second Strade Bianche World champion kicks at 500m from the line for emphatic victory in Siena, Vollering rounds out podium for SD Worx-Protime 1-3. Jim Cotton Updated Mar 3, 2024 Road Racing ‘It’s On’: Pogačar And Pidcock’s Tuscan Tussle at Strade Bianche Strade Bianche favorites weigh in on journey into the unknown, adrenaline rushes and “brave” course change. Andy McGrath Updated Mar 2, 2024 Road Racing Manx on a Mission: Is Mark Cavendish on Track for Record Tour De France Success? The UAE Tour didn’t quite go to plan, but modest stage places there don’t give the full picture. Shane Stokes Published Mar 1, 2024 Gravel Gear Panaracer Revamps Their Gravelking Tire Lineup, Adds New X1 Tread Their 'most advanced Gravelking yet' includes an all-new X1 tread pattern and three casing options. Alvin Holbrook Published Mar 1, 2024 Road Racing ‘It Strengthened Our Collaboration’: Kopecky, Vollering Vow No Bad Vibes from 2023 in Strade Bianche Redux Questions over Vollering's future and tension-riddled final last spring hang over SD Worx-Protime's Strade Bianche favorites. Jim Cotton Published Mar 1, 2024 Road Racing More Stones, More Stoke? Will Bigger Be Better for the ‘XL’ Strade Bianche? Face-off: Will the longer, harder courses on tap for 2024 ruin or raise the dirt-road classic? Our editors argue it out. Andrew Hood & Jim Cotton Published Mar 1, 2024 Road Racing Grace Brown Going All-In on Olympic Glory: ‘I’ll Take Any Medal’ After racing in Tokyo with a broken shoulder, Aussie star is hoping to be healthy and fast in Paris against deep TT field: 'Any four of us can medal. It's hard to say who will come out on top.' Sophie Smith Published Mar 1, 2024 Road Racing Neilson Powless, USA’s Next Classics King? ‘I’m Closing the Gap to Van Der Poel, Van Aert’ Powless kick-starts classics campaign at Strade Bianche with Van Aert, Van der Poel, and a victory in his sights. Jim Cotton Published Feb 29, 2024 See All Velo’s 2024 Submission Guide Here are our guidelines on how to submit a gear press release, event announcement, race report, or anonymous tip. EF Education-Cannondale boss Esra Tromp and Her Two Projects: Creating a Team, Becoming a New Mom Tromp has been busy creating the new EF Education-Cannondale squad while she also prepares to have her first child at the start of 2024. Editors’ Picks Strava Appoints Former Nike and YouTube Chief as CEO, Plans to ‘Take It to Next Level’ Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Careers Terms of Use Site Map Manage Cookie Preferences Privacy Request Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside TV SKI Warren Miller Endurance Beta MTB Fastest Known Time Pinkbike Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Nastar Outside Events Cycling Series Outside Shop © 2024 Outside Interactive, Inc