Royal Collection Trust Home Visit London Buckingham Palace The Royal Mews, Buckingham Palace The King's Gallery, Buckingham Palace Clarence House Windsor Windsor Castle Frogmore House Edinburgh Palace of Holyroodhouse The King's Gallery, Palace of Holyroodhouse What's on Exhibition Performance Special visit Lecture / talk Private view / tour Activity School visit Collection Explore the Collection Exhibitions Publications Collection Trails Conservation Georgian Papers Programme Collectors Near You Loans About the Collection Shop More... Discover About Enewsletter Tickets My basket (0) Log in to my account My account Log out Discover About Enewsletter Tickets My basket (0) Log in to my account My account Log out 0 Royal Collection Trust Closing Sunday, 14 April Final weeks: Holbein at the Tudor Court Explore the art of the image-maker of the Tudor court and come face-to-face with some of the most famous people of 16th-century England. Discover the exhibition Visit Windsor Windsor Castle Open Thursday - Monday London Buckingham Palace Open selected dates Edinburgh Palace of Holyroodhouse Open Thursday - Monday London The King's Gallery, Buckingham Palace Open Thursday - Monday London The Royal Mews, Buckingham Palace Open Thursday - Monday Edinburgh The King's Gallery, Palace of Holyroodhouse Open from 22 March Windsor Frogmore House Closed London Clarence House Closed Back to top The Collection Article The Crown Jewels: Coronation Regalia Everything you need to know about the famous collection. Article Artemisia Gentileschi A closer look at Artemisia Gentileschi's life and art. Article Queen Mary's Dolls' House A guide to Windsor Castle's famous Dolls’ House. Article Holbein in the Royal Collection A closer look at Hans Holbein's works. Explore the collection Back to top What's on Windsor Castle 100 years of Queen Mary's Dolls' House See the largest and most famous dolls’ house in the world. Opening 17 May 2024 Royal Portraits: A Century of Photography This exhibition will chart the evolution of royal portrait photography from the 1920s to the present day. Lecture / talkRizzio: Life and legacy at court Palace of Holyroodhouse Next event: 8 Mar 2024 1 upcoming event 18:30 - 20:30 £25.00 Adults View Event ExhibitionStyle & Society: Dressing the Georgians The King's Gallery, Palace of Holyroodhouse Next event: 22 Mar 2024 Every Mon, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun Adult £10.00, Young Person (18-24) £6.50, Child (5-17) £5.00, Disabled £5.00, Access companion Free, Under 5 Free, £1 tickets - for those on Universal Credit and other named benefits. Read more about the £1 ticket offer. Adults, Groups (15+ people) View Event Online lectureThe Field of the Cloth of Gold Online Next event: 26 Mar 2024 1 upcoming event 19:00 - 20:00 GMT £10.00 Adults View Event ActivityRoyal Mews Easter Trail The Royal Mews, Buckingham Palace Next event: 30 Mar 2024 Daily 11:00-15:00 Free with standard admission. Children / Families View Event Back to top About Publishing The publishing programme includes beautifully produced printed books, apps and online catalogues. Working for us Find out more about working for Royal Collection Trust, and view our latest vacancies Press Office For media enquiries about the public opening of the royal palaces and residences and the works of art in the Royal Collection. Picture Library The Royal Collection Trust Picture Library can supply thousands of images across the entire range of the Royal Collection. About Royal Collection Trust Back to top News News The Palace of Holyroodhouse launches its first gin infused with herbs from the Physic Garden Monday, 4 March 2024 News The King's Galleries in London and Edinburgh announce 2024 exhibitions and launch of £1 tickets Thursday, 29 February 2024 News Her Majesty The Queen and top authors create miniature library to celebrate Queen Mary’s Dolls’ House centenary Tuesday, 30 January 2024 News Celebrations at Windsor Castle mark 100 years of Queen Mary’s Dolls’ House Thursday, 18 January 2024 News The Queen’s Galleries in London and Edinburgh to become The King’s Galleries Monday, 4 December 2023 News Holbein at the Tudor Court Opens at The Queen’s Gallery Friday, 10 November 2023 News Lost Artemisia Gentileschi painting rediscovered in the Royal Collection Sunday, 24 September 2023 Read more news Back to top Keep in touch Sign up to e-mail updates for the latest news, exclusive events and 15% off in our online shop. We will look after your data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. Subscribe Contact us Quick Links Contact us Press Office 1-Year Pass Travel Trade & Groups Working for us Picture Library Policies Resources Official Royal Residences Buckingham Palace The Royal Mews, Buckingham Palace The King's Gallery, Buckingham Palace Clarence House Windsor Castle Frogmore House Palace of Holyroodhouse The King's Gallery, Palace of Holyroodhouse The income from your ticket contributes directly to The Royal Collection Trust, a registered charity. The aims of The Royal Collection Trust are the care and conservation of the Royal Collection, and the promotion of access and enjoyment through exhibitions, publications, loans and educational activities.