Best lesbian dating app: your LGBTQIA+ community | HER Search Select your language English Deutsch Français Español ไทย 日本語 Norsk bokmål Download HER HER for all Transgender dating Bisexual dating Lesbian chat Polyamorous dating Non-binary dating Asexual dating Pansexual dating Mature lesbian dating Asian lesbian dating Black lesbian dating Bisexual chat Trans chat Support Partnerships Resources HER blog LGBTQIA+ Glossary Search English Search Download HER Download HER HER for all Transgender dating Bisexual dating Lesbian chat Polyamorous dating Non-binary dating Asexual dating Pansexual dating Mature lesbian dating Asian lesbian dating Black lesbian dating Bisexual chat Trans chat Support Partnerships Resources HER blog LGBTQIA+ Glossary Download HER Your people are here Find real connection HER is the world’s most loved sapphic dating app. We exist to help you find your people and fall head over heels. Made for queers, by queers. Available on iOS and Android for free. Find my people Join 13+ million sapphic folks Find someone LGBTQIA you click with 4.5 stars on the App Store Apple Editor’s Choice 2020, 2019 Supportive sapphic community Join one of our 30+ FLINTA groups Queer conversation Make new friends & chat easily Meet, date, make friends Built for you, wherever you are Meeting new people, having new experiences, connecting with each other – that’s what dating should be about! But often, for LGBTQIA+ people, we need queer spaces – because the only way to make connections is by feeling safe enough to be ourselves. Sapphic spaces offer the safety and support to be completely ourselves without fear! With HER’s nurturing community, you can meet like-minded people, share your story, and maybe even meet your person. No matter your life experiences or current circumstances, HER is a home for you. We welcome all lesbian, bi+, queer, non-binary, trans, and gender non-conforming folks to join and find their family. Head to the App Store or the Play Store and see what happens! Find my people We met on HER! Amanda & Rasheeda “The moment I laid eyes on her, I knew. So did she…I am so grateful for HER bringing us together.” Sam & Bronwtn “It all started with a hello and now, I am married to the most gorgeous woman in the world.” Sarah & Kylee “I knew the moment I saw Sarah’s photo I was interested in them. Luckily, they felt the same way!” Sapphic topics Topping, bottoming and switching: Which are you and what are you looking for? The terms top, bottom, and switch are becoming more frequently used amongst all sapphic & LGBTQIA people. They can refer to someone’s sexual preferences, level of dominance, role in their relationships, or all of the above. Which are you? Lesbian or bi? Things to know if you're questioning For many queer people, figuring out one’s sexuality is not always an easy process. Sexuality is complex and can often get confusing (and even downright overwhelming!). We break down what to pay attention to if you’re questioning. Am I lesbian or bi? All about trans dating Learn more about the most common questions related to transgender dating and how to make it easier and more respectful for everyone. Transgender dating Download HER Find my people HER FAQs Is the HER app safe? How does HER support sapphic dating? On HER, your profile and your search for people are completely in your hands. You can choose to identify yourself in any way you wish, pick from a variety of different pride pins (like “Chapstick Lesbian” or “T4T”) that explain who you are and what you’re looking for, or even choose to go incognito so no one can see you unless you like them first. We also want our users to have all the resources to safely navigate HER. We encourage users to verify their profiles and filter for other verified profiles. And we do our utmost to keep fake people and fake profiles off of HER. Is the HER app free? How does the HER premium subscription work? All of HER’s core features are completely free, so finding your person or your community is accessible to everyone. With the free version of the app, you can add friends, view profiles, start chats, view events, and join communities. We also offer many great features with our premium subscription to make finding friends and matches even easier. With a paid subscription, you can choose an ad-free experience, see who’s online in real-time, filter by sexuality, use the app in incognito mode (without exposing your identity), view who’s liked you, and more. Can I use HER to make friends? We’ve found that people join HER for similar reasons. That’s why we have an ‘Add Friend’ option on profiles so you can build your community of people. Dating apps, while obviously great for dating, can be just as integral in finding people who get you and help you create a community around you. If you move to a new city or visit a new town, dating apps can be a great way to find out what’s going on nearby, get a taste of the queer scene there, and meet new people. Even if you’re just at home, there are always new people you haven’t met and new things to experience right on your doorstep. Our app specifically also has a community portion of the app purely for making friends, having conversations about many different topics, and finding your niche. What makes the HER experience better for LGBTQIA folks? For many FLINTA folks, there’s not just one label that feels right. Identities are complex and varied, and your profile should be able to reflect that. If there’s nothing on there that fits, you can also self-describe or not include a label. You should be free to identify in a way that feels right to you. There’s also the disheartening feeling of swiping through too many people with things like “no trans people” in their profile. Everyone on HER is part of the queer community and we take a very firm and proactive stance against hateful/discriminatory behavior. We want to make this a space where you can focus on connections and conversations that could lead to more friends or a new bae! I recently came out as lesbian, is this dating app safe for closeted or private individuals? Absolutely. Whether you’re looking for love, friendships, or simply want to be part of a growing global community of queer people, HER is the place for you no matter where you are in your journey. For starters, if you want to keep your profile on the DL, there’s an option to go incognito, where only people you like will be able to see your profile. Plus, all community posts are moderated, so you’ll find nothing but open-minded and supportive lesbians and queer-friendly people to connect and chat with. You also have the power to unmatch, block, or report others for being transphobic, misogynistic, or for making HER an unsafe space. How many FLINTA or LGBTQIA people use HER? HER serves 13 million lesbian, bi, queer, non-binary, trans, gender non-conforming folks as they build the community of people they can call home. What countries is HER available in? We are available in 125+ different countries and locally available in English, Spanish, French, German, and Japanese. See all the countries we’re in. How can I download HER and create an account? To create an account with us download HER for free from either the Play Store or the App Store. Once downloaded, you can create an account using your Apple Login (If you have an iOS device), Facebook, Instagram, or phone number. Once you’ve confirmed your sign-up method you can start the fun part: Building your profile! Here you can add profile pictures, facts about yourself, and a bio to give others on our app a chance to see what your gorgeous self is all about. Tip: Take some time to verify your account, too! Our verified users get double the likes. ❤️ ❤️ ©2024 HER About HER About HER Partnerships Download HER DM helper LGBTQIA+ Glossary We’re hiring! HER for all Transgender dating Bisexual dating Lesbian chat Asexual dating Polyamorous dating Mature lesbian dating Non-binary dating Pansexual dating Black lesbian dating Asian lesbian dating Latina queer dating All things lesbian Am I lesbian? Lesbian Hookups: Everything you need to know about First lesbian experience Lesbian movies Lesbian celebrities The legal stuff Support Privacy Terms of service Community guidelines Download our app The social stuff