Sell Tickets Online | Free Event Ticketing – Ticket Tailor How it works Learn how Ticket Tailor works All features Demo the product Partners Help docs API docs Pricing About us Our story Our impact Careers Blog Contact us Log in Create your event You dream it. We’ll ticket it. Whether it’s your first event ever, or your biggest event yet, we make it simple to sell tickets. Create your event 4.8/5Google 350+reviews 4.9/5 G2 170+reviews 4.9/5Capterra 450+reviews Why 80,000+ event creators trust Ticket Tailor Unbeatable value Flexible and fair pricing helps your event budget go further. There are no contracts or tiers. Just the same great service and support for everyone. Save 73% on your ticketing vs our lead competitor*. View our prices Easy-to-use You’re busy planning your event, so let us make the ticketing easy. Our feature-rich platform is simple, yet powerful, making anything possible. And if you need our help, we’re on hand 24/7. Explore our features More than ticketing What if the next ticket you sold could have a positive impact on the planet? With Ticket Tailor it can. We’re not climate-experts, or as legendary as Attenborough, but you would be choosing to partner with a carbon-neutral B Corp that balances profit with purpose. See our impact Discover live events Take a peek at some amazing events using Ticket Tailor. Discover more View event Sheppy's Summer Cider Tour Multiple dates and times Sheppy's House of CIder View event Gloucestershire Spring Wild Food Foraging Course/Walk Fri 15 Mar 12:00 PM - 3:30 PM Cerney House Gardens View event Mac And Cheese Fest Bloomsburg 2024 Sat Mar 2 12:00 PM - 4:00 PM The Bloomsburg Fairgrounds View event Sister Act Multiple dates and times Upright Studio on Main View event WORLD OF BANKSY HONOLULU Multiple dates and times View event The Broadway Diner On Tour Newcastle! Multiple dates and times Las Iguanas View event X-Warrior Challenge Multiple dates and times X-Scap8 @ Orchard Central (Level 7) View event Elton John by Candlelight at The Monastery, Manchester Multiple dates and times The Monastery, Manchester Left Right We ticket events of all shapes and sizes. Jonny White, Founder & CEO I started Ticket Tailor on a mission to empower event creators. Today we’re the world’s largest independent ticketing platform, helping to sell over 23 million tickets and counting! “I have tried all the major ticketing sites for my film festival and found Ticket Tailor to be head and shoulders above the competition. The site is exceptionally user-friendly.” James Rowlins from Brighton Rocks Film Festival Brighton, United Kingdom “Ticket Tailor is great! If you want a professional custom widget ticketing form with built-in checkout for your website, this is the best way to go. Ticket Tailor is also very cheap compared to its competitors, it's a must try!” Ali Rizvi from Camp Kawthar Dallas, Texas “Love this company! Makes it super easy to sell tickets to any event. Highly recommended” Ann Flagella from AF Productions Cincinnati, United States “Ticket Tailor is well designed and we never have any problems with guests buying tickets to our events. The reporting is great for tracking sales and post-event follow up.” Tricia Mims from National Park Partners Chattanooga, United States “Ticket Tailor is super simple to use, straightforward with their design AND ethics. Using their platform feels genuinely win win.” Lucy Thomas from Being Whole Aberdeen, Scotland “Great platform for selling tickets. I have been using Ticket Tailor for good few months for my events and I am very happy with it. Efficient and cost effective. Ideal for your business.” Malgorzata Grucka-Obst from ABCEvents London, United Kingdom “Very easy to use and customise. The quick payment into my bank is also amazing - event cashflow is much better when the ticket money isn't held up by the ticketing platform!” Laura Billingham from Revival Sanctuary Sheffield, United Kingdom “The cheapest company in the market, and one of the easiest to use too. So much flexibility on fees and design, and customer service right there when you need it. Definitely trust Ticket Tailor to handle my event's ticketing.” Leo Nasskau from TEDx Oxford Oxford, United Kingdom See how it works Ticketing as it should be Carbon neutral 1p donated per ticket sold Certified B Corp A platform you can rely on You put your trust in us when we ticket your events. We take that responsibility seriously. Data security is our priority Whether it’s the option to add 2 Factor Authentication for your login, regular pen-testing, or our sophisticated data encryption processes, we work tirelessly to make sure your data is safe. World-leading payments compliance All transactions are processed by two of the world’s largest online payment providers, Stripe or PayPal. This means every payment comes with the latest PCI DSS security measures automatically in place. 99.99% uptime We’re proud that our uptime is better than Facebook, Twitter and Eventbrite. So when you go on sale, you know we’ll be right there with you. Your data, not ours We email ticket buyers once to confirm their ticket order, and never again. They’re your customers, not a marketing opportunity for us. Create your event Features at your fingertips You have access to all of our features, whatever size your event, free or paid tickets. See all features Seating charts Time-slot events Recurring events Free check-in Add-ons Automated emails Close And all the integrations you need. Ticket Tailor works beautifully with all your online tools – from custom websites to CRM platforms. Get started It’s free to set up an account. And the first 5 tickets are on us, to help get you started! Prefer a demo call with one of our team? No problem. Create your event Book a demo Got questions? Visit help centre How do I create my first event? Simply create your account by signing up to Ticket Tailor. You’ll then enter some basic info about your events and the tickets you’re looking to sell. Once you’ve connected a Stripe or PayPal account you’re ready to put your event live (and the first 5 tickets are on us, to get your started). You can go from signing up, to having a live event and selling tickets in just 5 minutes! Impressive! How quickly do I get paid after I sell tickets? Payments are processed via our payment providers Stripe and PayPal. Payouts can differ based on the country you’re operating in, but you should expect your first payout within around 7 days of the transaction taking place. You’ll then receive regular payouts as you continue to sell tickets. You can find more information for Stripe’s payouts here. Can I customise the experience for my customers? Yes, Ticket Tailor allows a huge amount of customisation. Whether you want custom questions for ticket buyers, a bespoke order confirmation email or your brand colours on the checkout - you can do it in seconds all within your Ticket Tailor dashboard, and truly make your event yours. Are you compliant with GDPR? We’ve taken a number of steps to comply with the GDPR. For more details about our compliance and how we handle your data please find out more here. Is it free to create a box office? Yes, it’s totally free to create a box office and to create an event. You’ll only start being charged after selling your first 5 tickets. Is it really free to sell free tickets? Yes, there are no fees for selling free tickets. We don’t even limit your features or support, so you can collect registrations for your event, send tickets and even scan them in on the day of your event for zero cost. Please note: the use of our seating chart will incur a cost, even for free tickets. Are there any setup fees or monthly costs? Nope. Zero. We only charge for tickets sold. The only monthly costs are if you want to upgrade to custom domains or white label. Find out more here. What fees do the ticket buyers pay? It’s totally up to you! You can add any booking or transaction fees you like, or none at all. Your payment processing fees will be calculated based on the total translation value of the order. Can I cancel at any time? Yes, we don’t have contracts or annual fees. You’re free to stop using Ticket Tailor whenever you like - but hopefully you’ll love us so much, you won’t have to worry about that! Latest news and articles Visit the blog 8 reasons Ticket Tailor is the best Eventbrite alternative George Follett Ticket Tailor is now a Certified B Corp Olivia Parker More than event ticketing. Add-ons have launched! Rhio Cory Let's grow your event together. Sign up for the latest news straight to your inbox. * Calculated on 1st January 2023 vs Eventbrite on a ticket worth £50. Ticket Tailor costs start from £1.09 (19p + 90p Stripe fee), whereas Eventbrite is £4.07 (6.95% + £0.59). Ticket Tailor is carbon neutral and for every ticket sold we donate 1p to climate causes. Learn more about our impact. Navigate Home Product Pricing Partners About us Careers – We're hiring! Features Demo the product Blog Help & support API documentation Code of ethics Contact us Legal Terms of use Terms & conditions Privacy policy Acceptable use policy Cookie policy Info for ticket buyers GDPR compliance Made for you Alternative to Eventbrite Online event ticketing Event Registration Software Museum and gallery ticketing system Sell tickets for seated events Parks and farms Webinar ticketing Venue ticketing WordPress event ticketing Workshops, courses and classes Yoga class ticketing Charity fundraisers Sell tickets for concerts Sell tickets with iDEAL Sell tickets with Bancontact Ticketing for pubs and bars Nightlife events Time slot ticketing Sell tickets for Zoom events Sell tickets on Wix Sell tickets on Squarespace Sell tickets on Weebly PTAs Tours and attractions Sporting events Brown Paper Tickets alternative Church service ticketing Schools and universities Theatre ticketing Festival ticketing Orchestra ticketing Conferences and B2B events Comedy clubs Santa's Grottos and festive events and much more! © Zimma Ltd trading as Ticket Tailor