Scriptol.com - Programming with standards Graphics HTML 5 JavaScript Scriptol Programming Scripts SQL Webmaster Software Mobiles How to Scripts Advanced Explorer JavaScript, PHP, C++ scripts Various automation tools. No Make to get rid of administrative tasks in programming and build a C or C++ project with no makefile. Webmaster's tools and techniques Tools and Scripts to manage your site. PHP FTP Synchronizer updates a website from a local image. Simple Map generates an XML sitemap. Command line link checker. Making of a website and search engine algorithm. RSS Tools Ara Editor to build and update the RSS feed of your website. PHP RSS Reader to display a feed from any source, on your website. Widgets For Web and mobile apps. Web apps development Ajax and WebSocket The creation of interactive interfaces for web or locales applications. A simple framework: Anaa. HTML 5 It is now a platform for web apps, or desktop app with platform such as Electron. Browsers sompatibility tests. JavaScript Increasingly unavoidable, it is used everywhere, from servers to electronic assemblies and even native apps with PWA. A series of articles explain also how to build interfaces and use Node.js and Electron. CSS Techniques of style sheets to build apps for the Web and smartphones. Graphics Design and drawing The design and graphics of a site or an app. Tools and resources for graphics, photo montages made with Gimp explained. Integrating Adsense. Canvas Drawing in a web page, with scripts and online démos. SVG Adding vector images and animations to your web pages. Programming techniques Languages and algorithms Encyclopedia of development tools for web and mobile applications: languages, algorithms, frameworks and IDEs. Scriptol programming language For scripts which require special features such as reactive programming or goals and compiled to JavaScript, a tool for the making of PWA. Tutorials MySQL and PHP tutorial to use a database with a Web application. Getting started with SQLite. XAML for modern apps on Windows. And more... XML Formats and scripts. Robotics and electronics Robotics News and trends about the future of the humanity. The field destined to become more important than computing for developers in a near future. Programming the robots, the tools. Electronics for robotic Starting a series of assemblies to learn how to build a robot. The next computer The PC on which you will program from now. Last articles December 6, 2023. Robots and ChatGPT. April 8, 2023. How to find images for a website? Updated to include Image Creator. March 16, 2023. From HTTP to HTTPS. Updated for the last version of PHP. February 27, 2023: Electronics: Distance sensor. Updated. February 12, 2023. The future of search engines. Updated. January 26, 2023. ChatGPT against Google. PageRank is not longer relevant. January 6, 2023. SketchToPhoto. Make a photo from a drawing, update. December 16, 2022. What alternative to C++? (update) August 11, 2022. Can a smartphone replace a compact camera? July 26, 2022. Robotics: How to give intelligence to the robots? Interesting update. June 16, 2022. The whole site is updated to take into account the death of Internet Explorer. February 26, 2022. Scriptol.com, a French and international website for programming and free and open source software, 100% supports Ukraine in its heroic fight to defend its sovereignty and freedom. February 4, 2022. Google sites. Update. History. Older news Tweet © 2001-2024 Scriptol.com