Home - Margaret Felice Margaret FeliceHome Blog About Media Calendar Upcoming Performances Upcoming Speaking Events Speaking Publications Performance Biography Repertoire Contact Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Recent Blog Posts What I read 2023After going over my 2022 reading review, I’m not feeling as confident in the quality of this year’s list, despite having reason to read a lot: in 2023 I went back to school to begin doctoral studies and am reading all the time. Whether or not my recap is impressive, I want to share withContinue reading >> Our Lady of SorrowsToday is the memorial of Our Lady of Sorrows, for whom my devotion has grown as the years and the sorrows have accumulated. She’s full of grace, blessed among women, but also wounded. She holds things in her heart. She misses people. She cries sometimes. This time of year I think of Hopkins’ poem SpringContinue reading >> The deceptive privilege of staying putI’m very good at being bad at things. For many of us, it’s very easy to set up a life so that you don’t have to do things that you are bad at. We pick our professions, our hobbies, our responsibilities, and focus on what we do well. If we’re very lucky, we can outsourceContinue reading >> See all blog posts “Margaret Felice, with her drop-dead beautiful voice, was ideal as Micaëla.” – Boston Musical Intelligencer Watch Margaret Sign up to receive updates via email about Margaret’s upcoming performances! I am a full-time doctoral student, singer, actress, religious educator, and writer living in Boston. My days are full pursuing a PhD in Theology and Education at Boston College's School of Theology and Ministry. In addition to reading and writing and spending hours in the library, I conduct a liturgical choir, run half-marathons, read books, practice yoga, follow politics, and sing opera, oratorio, musical theater and recitals. I also love getting to know great people through workshops, podcasts, conferences and all the other places where we can share scholarship, music, faith and joy. Margaret's Full Bio Home About Biography Blog Contact Home Media Performance Publications Repertoire Speaking Search © 2024 Margaret Felice · Headshots by Earl Christie · Website by Little Leaf Design