Email Marketing Platform | Litmus Skip to main content New in Litmus! Listen to your subscribers and drive engagement with Live Polls. Learn more. Capabilities Capabilities Litmus is an all-in-one email marketing solution that helps you optimize and personalize every email to maximize your ROI and create exceptional brand experiences for every subscriber. Why Litmus Email Design Email Building Email Personalization Email Testing Spam Testing Email Analytics Email Collaboration and Review Technology Integrations AI & Emerging Email Technologies What's New Our latest updates to make your email marketing even more effective. Give subscribers a voice and watch your email engagement soarNew Live Polls in Litmus Personalize make it easy and fun for subscribers to share their opinion with your brand. In return, gain insight into what your audience cares about most to strengthen first-party data and ensure every campaign is better than the last. Create omni-channel brand experiences in minutesConnect the power of social media to your email campaigns with easy-to-configure Instagram Feeds. Showcase your brand’s latest Instagram posts in email campaigns to create a visually compelling and consistent omni-channel brand experience that invites users to engage with your brand. Learn more Solutions Email Service Provider Litmus gives you a powerful set of tools to increase conversions and get more ROI from your ESP. Acoustic Campaign Adobe Campaign Standard Adobe Marketo Campaign Monitor HubSpot Klaviyo Mailchimp Oracle Eloqua Oracle Responsys Pardot Salesforce Marketing Cloud SAP Marketing Cloud 700,000+ users across companies of all industries and sizes trust Litmus to increase conversions and ROI. By Industry Marketing & Ad Agencies Financial Services Retail & eCommerce Software & Technology Travel Sportsbook & Casino By Role Designers & Developers Marketers Marketing Leadership Pricing See All Plans Say goodbye to broken emails in less than 2 minutes.Find the Litmus plan that’s just right for your team. Compare Plans Litmus Basic Starting at $79 per month. Build and test emails that drive results and look great in every inbox. See Litmus Basic features Litmus Plus Starting at $159 per month. Test more efficiently and improve future sends with advanced email QA and analytics. See Litmus Plus features Litmus Enterprise Customized pricing. Make the most of every send with seamless collaboration, advanced security, and robust integrations. See Litmus Enterprise features Litmus Personalize Customized pricing. Get powerful results with uniquely personalized, engaging email experiences that boost customer loyalty and drive revenue. See Litmus Personalize features Resources Email marketing content Elevate your email marketing with our expert insights, tips, trends, and tools. Resource Center Blog Ebooks and ReportsState of Email Reports Convince Your Team Free Tools Leverage these free tools from Litmus to enhance your email marketing today. Email Client Market Share Templates Gmail Tabs Check Litmus Scope Customers Thousands of brands across every size and industry trust Litmus to send better email, faster. Community Customer Success Stories Email Gallery Litmus Academy Help Center Events Join us at an upcoming event, conference, or view previous events on-demand. Upcoming Events Previous Events Company Company Here at Litmus, we help companies get more from their entire marketing mix by putting the most dependable channel—email—first. Our Story Careers News Partner With Litmus Co-Marketing With Litmus Leadership Contact Us Headquarters - Boston675 Massachusetts Avenue, 10th FloorCambridge, MA 02139 +1 (866) 787-7030hello@litmus.com Silicon Valley231 2nd AvenueSan Mateo, CA 94401 LondonFloor 3, 9 Devonshire SquareLondon EC2M 4YF Search Close search × Login Try for Free Say Goodbye to broken emails. Make every send count.™ Test and preview in 100+ clients before you send Streamline your process with an all-in-one solution Build emails that convert with personalization & AI Unlimited email monitoring protects against unexpected errors Try for free Why Litmus 700,000+ users across companies of all industries and sizes trust Litmus See customer stories Broken emails break trust.You’ve got a reputation to protect, and every email is a reflection on your brand. Litmus’ email marketing platform helps you build, personalize, test, review, and analyze every email you send more efficiently and effectively than ever so you can get the most out of every send. Build ItDesign and create highly effective, personalized emails at scale in a fraction of the time, boosting the efficiency of your marketing team. Learn More Test ItTake an automated approach that ensures your emails result in the best customer experience while also speeding up your internal approvals process. Learn More Trust ItGet the uptime, security, and reliable email analytics needed to make sure you’re always sending the right message to the right subscriber at the right time. Learn More Only available at LitmusBe the first to know if your emails break Litmus Email Guardian keeps an eagle eye on your emails and alerts you when a client change may impact performance, display, or delivery.Select the emails you want us to monitorReceive an alert when a major impact breaks your emailFix the issue so you can maintain your subscribers’ trust Tell me more Build It BuildCreate high-impact, quality emails—quickly Empower your entire team—with or without HTML skills—to create on-brand, error-free email campaigns, every time. No coding required. Learn More About Email Building PersonalizeEasily personalize emails at scale Get powerful results with engaging, individualized, AI-powered email experiences that boost customer loyalty and drive revenue. Learn more about email personalization Test It TestCut email testing and QA time by 50% Before you hit send, get a comprehensive, guided checklist of the critical elements that affect email performance and delivery. Then activate Litmus Email Guardian to keep a close watch over your emails to ensure they remain error-free. Learn more about email testing CollaborateStreamline review and approval processes to save 2+ hours Improve collaboration across your team and cut review cycles with a single tool for building, testing, and providing feedback and approvals. Learn more about email collaboration IntegrateSeamlessly integrate Litmus with your martech stack Connect directly to your email service provider—plus dozens of other apps—to save critical time, reduce errors, and bring insights to your entire team. Learn more about integrations Trust It AnalyzeIncrease your email ROI by 43% with advanced insights Make data-driven decisions on the design, segmentation, and personalization needed to engage your audience, improve results, and increase conversions. Learn more about email analytics TrustA solution you can trust Get the uptime, security, and support you need to maximize productivity. Litmus is SOC 2 certified and has enterprise-grade security features. Learn more about Litmus trust Don’t just take our word for itSee all customer stories Previous Hudl cut email review time by 40% while boosting email accuracy by 70%. Read Hudl’s success story KinderCare scaled their email program volume by 4X and saved 400 hours a year. Read KinderCare’s success story Kate Spade utilizes content automation within Litmus Personalize for a 50% increase in conversion rate and 174% more revenue. Read Kate Spade’s success story Altos increased open rates by 35% for a client and drove a 24% increase in social traffic for another. Read Altos’ success story KinderCare scaled their email program volume by 4X and saved 400 hours a year. Read KinderCare’s success story Kate Spade utilizes content automation within Litmus Personalize for a 50% increase in conversion rate and 174% more revenue. Read Kate Spade’s success story Altos increased open rates by 35% for a client and drove a 24% increase in social traffic for another. Read Altos’ success story ezCater cut their email review cycles by 20% and save 2-3 hours per email. Read ezCater’s success story Kate Spade utilizes content automation within Litmus Personalize for a 50% increase in conversion rate and 174% more revenue. Read Kate Spade’s success story Altos increased open rates by 35% for a client and drove a 24% increase in social traffic for another. Read Altos’ success story ezCater cut their email review cycles by 20% and save 2-3 hours per email. Read ezCater’s success story GasBuddy was able to find—and fix—a blocklisting issue within 48 hours. Read GasBuddy’s success story Altos increased open rates by 35% for a client and drove a 24% increase in social traffic for another. Read Altos’ success story ezCater cut their email review cycles by 20% and save 2-3 hours per email. Read ezCater’s success story GasBuddy was able to find—and fix—a blocklisting issue within 48 hours. Read GasBuddy’s success story Hudl cut email review time by 40% while boosting email accuracy by 70%. Read Hudl’s success story ezCater cut their email review cycles by 20% and save 2-3 hours per email. Read ezCater’s success story GasBuddy was able to find—and fix—a blocklisting issue within 48 hours. Read GasBuddy’s success story Hudl cut email review time by 40% while boosting email accuracy by 70%. Read Hudl’s success story KinderCare scaled their email program volume by 4X and saved 400 hours a year. Read KinderCare’s success story GasBuddy was able to find—and fix—a blocklisting issue within 48 hours. Read GasBuddy’s success story Hudl cut email review time by 40% while boosting email accuracy by 70%. Read Hudl’s success story KinderCare scaled their email program volume by 4X and saved 400 hours a year. Read KinderCare’s success story Kate Spade utilizes content automation within Litmus Personalize for a 50% increase in conversion rate and 174% more revenue. Read Kate Spade’s success story Litmus solutions designed for you From designers and developers to marketing leadership, 700,000+ professionals rely on the Litmus email marketing platform to increase conversions and ROI. Designers and developers Designers and Developers Get the efficiency and insights you need to focus on new ideas as you design, code, and test campaigns. Learn More About Litmus for Designers and Developers Marketers Marketers Collaborate across your entire team with the email marketing tools you need to create more effective emails and streamline your workflow. Learn More About Litmus for Marketers Marketing Leadership Marketing Leadership Get greater insights from your email marketing with advanced analytics and collaboration tools, so you can apply learnings across your entire marketing strategy. Learn More About Litmus for Marketing Leadership It’s time to get more from your marketingAvoid costly email errors and create more effective email today.See plans and pricing Email marketing made better Contact 675 Massachusetts Ave., 10th Floor Cambridge, MA 02139 +1 (866) 787-7030 hello@litmus.com Capabilities Why Litmus Email Design Email Building Email Personalization Email Testing Email Analytics Email Collaboration & Review Technology IntegrationsResources What’s New Blog Events Ebooks & Reports Litmus Live 2023 Customer Success Stories Convince Your Team Templates CommunityCompany Our Story Careers Leadership NewsSupport Contact Us Help Center System Status Trust Center © Litmus Software, Inc. 2005-2024. All rights reserved Privacy PolicyTerms of Service Litmus does not engage in the sale of customer data. View Information about CCPA/CPRA Compliance twitterfacebooklinkedinyoutube-playinstagramsearch envelope