Zipcar: Car Sharing Alternative for Daily and Hourly Car Rental Skip to main content Main navigation Join Home Sign in How it works Pricing More Why car sharing? Zipcar for Universities Zipcar for Business Blog Help Sign in Join Type in a location above, or select from the list below. Zipcars live in 500+ cities across North America and Europe. See all Zipcar cities United States Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Chicago Dallas, TX Denver, CO Detroit, MI Honolulu, HI Houston, TX Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis, MN Milwaukee, WI New York/New Jersey Philadelphia Pittsburgh Portland Providence Sacramento, CA San Diego, CA San Francisco Bay Area Seattle Washington DC Canada Golden Horseshoe Hamilton Toronto United Kingdom London Bristol Oxford Cambridge × Instantly book cars near you Book on demand by the hour or day, with gas and dedicated parking included. Get the first month of your membership on us* with code: MONTHOFF Join today How Zipcar works Round Trip Round trip Join in minutes Apply online with a valid driver's license. Most people are approved instantly and can book a trip within minutes. Drive on demand Book a round trip car by the hour or day. Use our car sharing app to unlock and lock during your trip. Return When you're done, park the car in the same location you picked it up from, then end the trip with the app. View Pricing Homepage Find Cars Full Width Map Zipcar in Boston Zip North Shore or South Shore. Go outlet shopping at Wrentham. Or just cruise around your favorite square—Davis or Copley? Explore more with the world's leading car-sharing network. Search for a car zcpc Car Carousel Meet some of our cars Zipcars come in all shapes and sizes—compact sedans, luxury SUVs, vans, and more. Switch it up whenever you feel like it. Search for a car Why Zipcar? Reserve wheels when you want them, by the hour or day, and only pay for the time you drive. Save money Zipcar covers gas, insurance options,* parking, and maintenance for a potential savings of $1000/month over car ownership. Cars near you Zipcars live in your local neighborhood, and in cities, campuses and airports across the globe. Drive on-demand No waiting in line at the counter. (No need to even search for your keys!) Just book and go. Go beyond public transit Zipcar is the perfect complement to the bus and train—whether it’s local errands or weekend adventures. View Pricing Cars around Campus Get off campus and save with your student discount Find my school Cars for business Simplify your transportation with low weekday rates and experts on your side. Learn more Ready to drive? The backseat isn’t an option where you’re headed. It’s time to start commuting, exploring, and running errands on your own time. View Pricing Frequently asked questions More Questions? *Offer valid for new Zipcar members’ first month of membership only. Application fee still applies. Excludes current Zipcar members. Offer expires 3/31/24. Zipcar may change or revoke the discount any time. Membership Discount excludes Annual, Business and University rate plans, will be applied to Monthly membership rate plan only, and has no cash value. Starting rates are estimates only and do not reflect variations due to discounts, availability, holidays, or other factors. Actual prices may vary. Other fees may apply. You may review your total estimated reservation cost before you confirm your reservation. Other Products Zipcar for Universities Zipcar for Business Countries United States Canada United Kingdom More countries Major Metros Boston Chicago London Los Angeles New York City Philadelphia Portland San Francisco Seattle Toronto Washington, D.C. More locations Zipcar About Press Careers Partners Blog Ad Affiliates Got Questions? Help Center Follow Us ©2024 Zipcar, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices Recruitment Privacy Notice Accessibility United States (EN) × LanguagesUnited States (EN)Canada (EN)United Kingdom (EN) × It looks like you might be in the . Would you like to update your location? ×