ThingLink: Create unique experiences with interactive images, videos & 360° media Read more Solutions Marketing & Communications Teachers & Schools Higher Education Enterprise & Employee Training Museums & Libraries Unity Projects & 3D Environments Pricing Marketing & Editorial Education Enterprise & Employee Training Blog Support Log In Solutions Marketing & Communications Teachers & Schools Higher Education Enterprise & Employee Training Museums & Libraries Unity Projects & 3D Environments Pricing Marketing & Communications Education Enterprise & Employee Training Blog Support Log In Try for free Immersive learning made easy Explain complex ideas, products or services with interactive visuals and collect data on engagement Train employees in real environments remotely and improve learning results Connect physical environments with digital information for better visitor experiences Create unique experiences with interactive images, videos and 360° media Make online learning feel more real with virtual tours, simulations and interactive course modules Start your free trial Learn more Join a community of 10M+ CONTENT CREATORS Used in 190 countries Rating on Six reasons why content creators love ThingLink Millions of digital content creators across sectors use ThingLink to radically improve engagement and learning results with interactive media: images, videos, virtual tours, 3D models and simulations. Easy to learn Save time, money and resources with an intuitive editor that is easy to learn in 2 minutes. All in One Add hotspots to images, videos, 360/VR & 3D models, and combine them into an engaging scenario. Scalable Manage mass content and audiences, thousands of users with enterprise level support and security. Measurable Collect feedback, track engagement and get individual learner data on completion rate and performance. Plays with others Embeddable to any website or LMS. Integrations with Microsoft, Google, Canvas, Canva & more! Immediate results Interactivity on visual media radically improves engagement and learning performance for all age groups. Trusted Partners Microsoft Gold Partner Google for Education Canvas Canva Watch to learn more about ThingLink! Explore what ThingLink can do for you Marketing & Communications Improve communications and website performance with interactive visual media. Ideal for business, media, government, schools. Learn more Employee training and development Save resources and improve learning results with virtual training and simulations. Suitable for all sectors creating digital learning content. Learn more Education Improve learning experience, work with students to develop essential digital skills. Ideal for teachers using ThingLink in the classroom with their students. Learn more Easy to use multimedia editor and scenario builder Whether you are looking to drive website and customer engagement or to improve learning experience for employees and students, ThingLink is your solution! Create interactive experiences that engage, and track results in real time. Start now Multimedia editor Scenario builder Whether you are looking to drive website and customer engagement or to improve learning experience for employees and students, ThingLink is your solution! Create interactive experiences that engage, and track results in real time. Start now Branching scenarios for eLearning and communication Branching scenarios for eLearning and communication ThingLink Scenario Builder is an authoring tool for recreating real-life learning environments and situations in the cloud using interactive media. Quickly develop immersive learning with rich data insights while improving learning outcomes. Learn more Build tours and presentations by mixing and matching With ThingLink you can add hotspots to any type of visual media! Start from a map or a floor plan and link it together with other media: images, videos, 360° images, 360° videos or 3D models. A perfect tool for easily building campus tours, safety drills, and virtual industry visits. Start now With ThingLink you can add hotspots to any type of visual media! Start from a map or a floor plan and link it together with other media: images, videos, 360° images, 360° videos or 3D models. A perfect tool for easily building campus tours, safety drills, and virtual industry visits. Start now Explore live examples and use cases Campus tour 360° images virtual tours Showroom, exhibitions Maps, aerial views Infographics Corporate training Presentations Product marketing eCommerce 360° videos VR experiences Real estate University of Rochester Medical Center presents their expansive campus to stakeholders with this interactive virtual tour. L'Echo uses aerial 360° images to demonstrate an expansive plan to relaunch the canal system of Brussels as a symbol of renewal for Belgium. Klüber Lubrication digitally exhibits their solutions for cranes and port facilities. Coca-Cola Europe creates an interactive image that communicates the valuable contributions partners made during the Covid-19 pandemic. Surgical Information Systems creates an interactive infographic marketing the key performance indicators of their products. UNICEF uses a ThingLink module to educate their audience on vaccine hesitancy. Bethel Elementary School uses a set of interactive images to introduce staff during their 2021 virtual open house. Pool Corp uses interactive infographics on their corporate blog to creatively market the various products and services the team offers. University of Pittsburgh drives eCommerce, point-of-purchase sales with this shoppable room. Each ThingLink tag includes a call-to-action button linking to a specific product page. Vertex Pharmaceuticals welcomes visitors to explore their labs through 360° videos and see where the magic happens in this state-of-the-art laboratory in San Diego. The Maine State Archives celebrated the State of Maine’s bicentennial with special Virtual Reality (VR) experiences to help the public engage with Maine history. Aperature Del Mar makes this real estate landing page more visually discoverable with an interactive image for buyers to learn about their corporate campus property. ThingLink awards International recognition for our contribution to innovation in interactive technologies Create interactive experiences and virtual tours on the go! ThingLink mobile app for phones and tablets connects directly with your photo gallery and makes interactive media creation super easy and fast. This is a must have app for interactive content creation across industries from education and employee training to marketing and communication. App Store Google Play Variety of content layouts & customization options Save time and make professional looking visuals by customizing designs for tags and icons, or simply embed any third-party content. Variety of content layouts & customization options Save time and make professional looking visuals by customizing designs for tags and icons, or simply embed any third-party content. Variety of content layouts & customization options Save time and make professional looking visuals by customizing designs for tags and icons, or simply embed any third-party content. Engage on small and large screens Maximize engagement and reach by sharing thinglinks on desktop, mobile, big screen TV, mobile VR headset or immersive simulation rooms. Measure results Get instant feedback on engagement. ThingLink statistics will help you see how people interact with the materials you have created. Track views, clicks, and time spent on your communication materials, progress and individual learning paths on eLearning content. Measure results Get instant feedback on engagement. ThingLink statistics will help you see how people interact with the materials you have created. Track views, clicks, and time spent on your communication materials, progress and individual learning paths on eLearning content. 14,095 Views 12,782 Hovers 87% Completion rate 812 Clicks 762 Tag clicks 7,031 Image views 0.26 Click rate 24.2 s Avg. time on scene Aug 25 Aug 26 Aug 27 Aug 28 Aug 29 Aug 30 Aug 31 Views Hovers Clicks Avg. time on media Tag Hovers Clicks H/C ratio Interaction Baskett Slough National Wildlife Refuge 543 33 6.08% 3.5 s De Lacs National Wildlife Refuge 468 16 3.42% 3.6 s Sleeper Spots: Aquatic Management Areas 553 18 3.25% 4.1 s Sleeper Spots: Army Corps of Engineers Lands 568 25 7.92% 7.5 s Sleeper Spots: Department of Defence Lands 355 45 7.04% 7.0 s 12,782 Tag hovers 0.91 Hover rate 13 Embeds What do ThingLink customers say? Sven H. Learning & Development Business Partner Telecommunications Missy S. Learning & Development Business Partner Telecommunications Teresa M. Super easy for the youngest minds to use and interact with technology for classroom projects. I enjoyed the versatility of it and ease of use. Assign and go for students. Gifted Education, E-Learning, 10,001+ employees Carmanah Technologies Corp. It was invaluable to be able to place the product in context for our stand visitors rather than see it on its own. They were totally immersed by the content as we took them into various parts of the tour. Business Development Team Jessica E. Overall experience is positive. Students can engage 24/7, inside and outside of the classroom and it's so much better than just flat pictures! EMT Instructor Senior, Higher Education, 1001-5000 employee Melissa S. So far the experience has been good. The support response and reaction were a bit slow and they didn't quite understand what I was looking for and anticipate my next question but they were reactive. Learning & Development Business Partner Telecommunications, 501-1000 employees Ludmila S. I enjoyed using the software and had a blast with my science classes. All the teacher candidates in my course deigned and taught Thinglink lessons at the local schools and the school bought the accounts for teachers. Higher Education, 1001-5000 employees Abby C. It has been so helpful for teaching virtual students. It transports them into a virtual world where they can hear me teach, see what I am referring to, and have deeper understanding. Music, 51-200 employees What do ThingLink customers say? Latest on ThingLink See more Beyond the Screen with ThingLink AR: Discover a World Where Anything Can Be Your Learning Interface 💡 ThingLink Launches their AR Solution: Augmented Reality Simplified for All 📱 Breathe life into the ordinary with ThingLink’s brand new Augmented Reality… ThingLink Team Feb 22, 2024 New Webinar: Discover the New ThingLink Augmented Reality App! Discover the new ThingLink Augmented Reality App! In this exclusive free webinar Louise from ThingLink is joined by Special Guests Patryk Wójtowicz, Savonia University… Louise Jones Feb 20, 2024 Unlock the Next Level of Immersive Learning: ThingLink at the BETT Show Join Us at the ClassVR and Google for Education Stands We’re thrilled to say the team will be returning to the BETT show in London January 24th and 25th. … Louise Jones Jan 25, 2024 See more The best interactive solution starts with ThingLink Start now Contact us Switch language Deutsch English (US) Español Français Italiano Português Suomi ‏العربية‏ עִבְרִית 中文(台灣) 中文(简体) Solutions Marketing & Communications Education Enterprise & Employee Training Museums & Libraries Higher Education Unity plugin Pano to 360° Showcase Schools Skybox AI Google Certified Trainers Water Industry 360Learning Google App Licensing Scalable XR SPECTRAL Company Official Distributors Blog Webinars Explore Terms of use Privacy policy Stay in touch Contact us Help center Sitemap ThingLink Education thinglink @thinglink @thinglink_edu thinglink @thinglink Sign up Email Password Invite code Have invite code? Create account OR Login with Microsoft FP2KL-AuXtmBfIYEd3DL9Gl1-WtPfnupfTbz7hUlrtr3ISWYye50xd-cAOizCSdg Login with Clever Login with Facebook Login with X Login with MPASSid Already have an account? Log in By signing up you agree to the Terms of Service. Join a community of 10M+ content creators and some of the world's most recognized companies and education institutions