Google One - Get More Cloud Storage, Backup, and Gemini Advanced – Google One Overview More features across Google Plans & pricing Sign up Gemini Advanced gives you access to Google’s most capable AI model, 1.0 Ultra. Try it with our new AI Premium plan. Learn more. Overview More features across Google Plans & pricing Sign up Secure storage, backup, and more from Google Google One bundles cloud storage and helpful features across Google — all in one shareable plan. Sign up Sign up More storage More features There’s a Google One plan for everyone All Google One plans include additional storage, extra photo editing features, and more. Choose an annual plan and save up to % on your membership. Basic ​/month 100 GB Premium ​/month 2 TB AI Premium ​/month 2 TB + Gemini Advanced See all plans Storage that grows with you Storage Backup Sharing Get more storage across Google Photos, Google Drive, and Gmail Forget about running out of room with extra storage. With Google One, you can get plenty of storage for your photos, videos, files, and more — even those big email attachments. Forget about running out of room with extra storage. With Google One, you can get plenty of storage for your photos, videos, files, and more — even those big email attachments. Back up automatically Google One seamlessly backs up photos, videos, contacts, and more on your mobile device. Just turn it on in the Google One app. And if you break or lose your device, no problem. Just restore the content to your new one, and you’re good to go. Google One seamlessly backs up photos, videos, contacts, and more on your mobile device. Just turn it on in the Google One app. And if you break or lose your device, no problem. Just restore the content to your new one, and you’re good to go. Share your storage with up to 5 other people You can share your storage with other people at no extra cost. And your content remains private to you, even when you’re sharing storage. You can share your storage with other people at no extra cost. And your content remains private to you, even when you’re sharing storage. PreviousNext Features that supercharge Google Photos Workspace Unlock more photo editing features in Google Photos Boost your productivity with Google Meet and Calendar Premium feature Premium feature Sign up for a Google One plan with 2 TB of storage or more to access premium features. View all Premium features PreviousNext 1 2 Explore even more Frequently asked questions Expand all What’s the difference between Google One and Google Drive? Google Drive is a way to organize your files. Google One is a subscription that gives you more storage across Google Drive, Gmail, and Google Photos. Can I use Google One if I’m not a member? You can back up data on your Android or iOS phone, and also clean up space in your Google Account using the storage manager. If you get a Google One plan, you’ll unlock additional features like expanded cloud storage and member benefits. Who can I share my Google One membership with? You can share Google One with up to 5 other people at no extra cost (so 6 total, including you). When you create a new family group, you can add or remove other family members. If you’re already a member of a family group on Google, you can share your Google One plan with the rest of your existing group. What’s the difference between Google One cloud storage and the cloud storage that comes with every Google Account? Every Google Account comes with 15 GB of storage for Google Drive, Gmail, and Google Photos. When you subscribe to Google One, your total storage increases to 100 GB or more depending on the plan you choose. You also get Google Photos editing features and more — all of which you can share with up to 5 other people. See new features first Sign up to stay updated on the latest from Google One. Subscribe Manage your plan and more with the Google One app About GoogleGoogle productsPrivacyTerms Help الإمارات العربية المتحدة - العربية العربية – مصر المملكة العربية السعودية - العربية বাংলা Čeština Dansk Deutsch Deutsch - Österreich Deutsch - Belgium Deutsch – Schweiz Ελληνικά English - Australia English - Canada English – Ireland English - India English – New Zealand English – Philippines English – Singapore English - United Kingdom English – South Africa English (United States) Español Español (Latinoamérica) Español (Latinoamérica) – Argentina Español (Latinoamérica) – Chile Español (Latinoamérica) – Columbia Español (Latinoamérica) – México Español (Latinoamérica) – Perú فارسی Suomi Français Français (Canada) Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית 日本語 한국어 Bahasa Melayu Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Русский Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 (香港) 中文（繁體中文）