Open Data & Democracy Tools - Plural Policy Solutions U.S. Federal U.S. State Africa Pricing Who We Serve Advocacy Organizations Chambers of Commerce Corporations Law Firms & Lobbyists Libraries & Universities Associations News & Media Resources Open States Public Policy Blog Case Studies Free Resource Library About Us In the News Get Started Log In Open Data & Democracy Tools. Track bills, review legislation, research data & see how your representatives are voting. We are committed to making democracy more accessible and transparent. As part of that commitment, we make available free democracy tools and open data. Plural is carrying that legacy forward from the Open States project, which we adopted in 2021. We continue to expand our open data and just launched improved democracy tools. Search & Track Legislation Use our new and improved free bill search Looking for your existing OpenStates.org account and bill tracking tool? You can still access that account here. Find Your Legislators Enter your address Dig In To Our Data & APIs We make all of our data available for bulk download and via our powerful API. Get an API key to get started. API key access is managed through open.pluralpolicy.com, which is distinct from pluralpolicy.com. This is a separate and distinct account from your pluralpolicy.com account. Open States is now Plural! If you are an existing OpenStates.org user, welcome to the new home of the project’s open data and free democracy tools! You can learn more about these changes here. If you’re looking for your existing OpenStates.org account, you can still log in and use that account. In addition, we also encourage you to try out the new bill search and tracking tools here on pluralpolicy.com. These tools use our modern application, which offers better features and search experience compared to the old OpenStates.org application. Try Plural Go To Existing Open States Account Learn about Open Data and how to contribute Twitter Blog Chat with the project on Matrix History of our Open Data project Terms of Use and Privacy Code on Github API Documentation Bulk Data Report a data or API issue Contribute to our open data and open source projects Footer Helping you shape policy so you can shape the future. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms and Conditions Contact Us © 2024 Plural. All Rights Reserved. Solutions Pricing Who We Serve Advocacy Organizations Chambers of Commerce Corporations Law Firms & Lobbyists Libraries & Universities Associations Africa Resources Open States Public Policy Blog Case Studies Free Resources About Us In the News Get Started Log In Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for expert government relationship management tips, trends and industry news. Solutions U.S. Federal U.S. State Africa Pricing Who We Serve Advocacy Organizations Chambers of Commerce Corporations Law Firms & Lobbyists Libraries & Universities Associations News & Media Resources Open States Public Policy Blog Case Studies Free Resource Library About Us In the News Get Started Log In