EUobserver Tuesday 5th Mar 2024 Join EUobserver Login Newsletter Headline News Ukraine EU Political EU Elections Rule of Law Green Economy Health & Society Migration Africa Digital EU & the World Nordics Opinion More Investigations Agenda Stakeholders Magazines Search FOCUS ON … EU Presidency Nordic News EU & China Health Digital Agenda LGBTI Rights Join EUobserver Login Newsletter About Us Privacy Policy Corrections Advertising Donate Mastodon Analysis Rafah invasion — a red line for EU on Israel? Today, 12:09 An Israeli invasion of Rafah could be a turning point in the Gaza war, but with the EU unable to stop escalation even if it managed to agree sanctions. EU agrees rules to ban products made with forced labour Today, 13:25 The new rules will allow authorities to ban a product from the single market if it is found to have been made using forced labour, regardless of whether it is imported into the EU or manufactured within the bloc. Opinion I'll be honest — Moldova's judicial system isn't fit for EU Today, 13:15 To state a plain truth: at present, Moldova does not have a justice system worthy of a EU member state; it is riven with corruption and lax and inconsistent standards, despite previous attempts at reform, writes Moldova's former justice minister. Latest News Today, 13:25 EU agrees rules to ban products made with forced labour Today, 13:15 I'll be honest — Moldova's judicial system isn't fit for EU Today, 12:09 Rafah invasion — a red line for EU on Israel? 4. Mar, 17:24 EU must overhaul Africa trade offer to parry China, warns MEP 4. Mar, 16:15 EU watchdog faults European Commission over Libya 4. Mar, 14:33 Hungary's Ukrainian refugees in two minds as relations sour 4. Mar, 14:31 The six-hour U-turn that saw the EU vote for austerity 4. Mar, 07:01 Defence, von der Leyen, women's rights, in focus This WEEK Opinion The six-hour U-turn that saw the EU vote for austerity 4. Mar, 14:31 The EU's own analysis has made it clear this is economic self-sabotage, and it's politically foolish three months from European elections where the far-right are predicted to increase support, writes the general secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation. Exclusive EU watchdog faults European Commission over Libya 4. Mar, 16:15 The EU's administrative watchdog has faulted the European Commission for maladministration over its lack of transparency in its 'do no harm' policy in Libya. EU must overhaul Africa trade offer to parry China, warns MEP 4. Mar, 17:24 The EU's trade deal with six southern African countries should be radically overhauled if the bloc is to retain its influence a leading MEP has warned. Feature Hungary's Ukrainian refugees in two minds as relations sour 4. Mar, 14:33 Ukrainians struggle to match the kindness of individual Hungarians with the nationalist government's pro-Russia rhetoric. "Ukraine's primary enemies are Russians and Putin, obviously. But the number two is Viktor Orbán," Viktoria Petrovszka, a Ukrainian woman living in Hungary, says. Agenda Defence, von der Leyen, women's rights, in focus This WEEK 4. Mar, 07:01 Ursula von der Leyen is expected to be confirmed as the EPP candidate for president of the next EU Commission. A new defence strategy will be unveiled this week, while the ECB is expected to maintain interest rates. Join EUobserver EU news that matters Join us Analysis - Wester van Gaal EU socialists fight battle on two fronts in election campaignEurope's centre-left leader Nicolas Schmit hopes to battle far-right hate-mongering with level-headed economic policies, but could be hampered by the brand of frugal socialism favoured in Denmark and Germany. Opinion The farming lobby vs Europe's wolves 4. Mar, 07:00 Over the past few years, farming and hunting organisations have waged an unrelenting vendetta against the wolf, culminating in the European Commission's 180-degree policy U-turn, writes the director of the Humane Society International for Europe. EU docks €32m in funding to UN Gaza agency pending audit 1. Mar, 15:38 The European Commission will release €50m out of €82m in funds for the UN aid agency (UNRWA) operating in Gaza. The remaining €32m will come pending an audit. The commission has received no evidence to support Israeli allegations against UNRWA. 'Outdated' rules bar MEP from entering plenary with child 1. Mar, 15:29 During a plenary session in Strasbourg, an MEP was denied access to the chamber because he was carrying his young child, due to unforeseen circumstances. The episode shows parliament's rules need to be updated, several MEPs told EUobserver. Commission plays down row over Rwanda minerals pact 1. Mar, 15:08 The European Commission has played down a diplomatic row over its recent minerals agreement with Rwanda, after Congolese president Felix Tshishekedi, who accuses Rwanda of plundering his country's natural resources, described the deal as a "provocation in very bad taste". EU socialists set to anoint placeholder candidate 1. Mar, 14:38 This weekend, Europe's top socialists will officially nominate Nicolas Schmit as their candidate in the upcoming European elections in June. Opinion Why are the banking lobby afraid of a digital euro? 1. Mar, 12:16 Europeans deserve a digital euro that transcends the narrow interests of the banking lobby and embodies the promise of a fairer and more competitive monetary and financial landscape. Investigation Deepfake dystopia — Russia's disinformation in Spain and Italy 1. Mar, 07:00 Since the beginning of the war between Russia and Ukraine, deep fakes have been weaponised, infiltrating every corner of social media in Italy and Spain. Putin's nuclear riposte to Macron fails to impress EU diplomats 29. Feb, 18:09 Putin's latest nuclear threat was meant to maximise Western division over French remarks on Nato, but contained little new, Kremlin-watchers say. EU won't yet commit funding UN agency in Gaza amid hunger 29. Feb, 15:34 The European Commission is still discussing on whether to release EU funds to a UN aid agency in Gaza despite a looming famine. Stakeholders' Highlights Nordic Council of MinistersJoin the Nordic Food Systems Takeover at COP28 Nordic Council of MinistersHow women and men are affected differently by climate policy Nordic Council of MinistersArtist Jessie Kleemann at Nordic pavilion during UN climate summit COP28 Nordic Council of MinistersCOP28: Gathering Nordic and global experts to put food and health on the agenda Friedrich Naumann FoundationPoems of Liberty – Call for Submission “Human Rights in Inhume War”: 250€ honorary fee for selected poems World BankWorld Bank report: How to create a future where the rewards of technology benefit all levels of society? Paula Soler Amazon lobbyists banned from EU ParliamentAmazon lobbyists will officially be banned from the European Parliament until further notice after an internal body decided to withdraw their badges. EU Commission clears Poland's access to up to €137bn EU funds 29. Feb, 15:31 The European Commission has legally paved the way for Poland to access up to €137bn EU funds, following Donald Tusk's government's efforts to strengthen the independence of their judiciary and restore the rule of law in the country. Letter Right of Reply: The EU-ACP Samoa agreement 29. Feb, 12:44 Portuguese S&D MEP Carlos Zorrinho, chair of the delegation to the OACPS-EU joint parliamentary assembly, responds to EUobserver's piece Energy and minerals disputes overshadow new EU-ACP pact. Opinion The macabre saga of Navalny's corpse 29. Feb, 11:51 With Alexei Navalny's funeral in Moscow on Friday, Vladimir Putin's regime haven't just insulted his mother and widow with their treatment of his corpse — they've breached international treaties and conventions. Belgium braces for Flemish far-right gains, deadlock looms 29. Feb, 07:00 Recent polling puts the Flemish nationalist parties, the right-wing N-VA and far-right Vlaams Belang at a combined majority in the Flemish parliament, leading to fears about a far-right government take-over — even sparking worries about the future of Belgium itself. Podcast Podcast: Hyperlocal meets supranational 28. Feb, 19:31 In this week's Euroscopic podcast; antisemitism and confusion in France and Germany, Sweden joins NATO, Novaya Gazeta Europe editor Mikhail Komin on Ukraine and EU and a chat with DiEM25, an EP election hopeful campaigning in Berlin. Von der Leyen appeals for 'new EU defence mindset' 28. Feb, 18:14 EU Commission president Ursula von der Leyen urged "a new European defence mindset" to strengthen the bloc's defence capabilities. But will her latest proposal, to use Russian assets for Ukraine's military needs, stir up controversy? EU supply chain law fails, with 14 states failing to back it 28. Feb, 16:56 Member states failed on Wednesday to agree to the EU's long-awaited Corporate Sustainable Due Diligence Directive, after 13 EU ambassadors declared abstention and one, Sweden, expressed opposition (there was no formal vote), EUobserver has learned. Opinion Joined-up EU defence procurement on the horizon? 28. Feb, 12:12 Disputes between member states, notably Germany, highlight the lack of coordination among national industrial capabilities for a European Defence Industrial Strategy — which may include the EU's first ever defence commissioner. Analysis Macron on Western boots in Ukraine: What he really meant 27. Feb, 21:42 Macron's taboo-shattering words on Western troops in Ukraine likely meant more special forces on the ground, but were also a new alarm-call on Russia's growing threat. MEPs adopt new transparency rules for political ads 27. Feb, 17:25 MEPs have adopted new rules on transparency and targeting of political advertising, but they won't kick in before the EU elections. EU nature restoration law approved after massive backlash 27. Feb, 17:24 Hailed with loud applause by the 329 MEPs that approved the text, the final compromise approved on Tuesday is actually much weaker than the original EU Commission proposal first tabled in 2022. Column Memo from Munich — EU needs to reinvent democracy support 27. Feb, 15:49 If we pretend that states are democratic because they are in the EU's geopolitical tent, we betray democracy. Conversely, functioning democracies can make geopolitical choices that the EU does not like. Opinion For Ukraine's sake, pass the EU due diligence directive 27. Feb, 11:03 The EU Commission's 2022 CSDDD proposal did not include provisions incorporating "conflict due diligence", they were added, after the Russian invasion, by the European Parliament and Council into the final directive text — for Ukraine's sake, vote for it. All of Orbán's MPs back Sweden's Nato entry 26. Feb, 18:59 All of Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orbán's MPs voted in favour of Sweden's entry into Nato on Monday, in an anticlimactic end to his veto drama. India makes first objection to EU carbon levy at WTO summit 26. Feb, 18:43 India raised its first formal complaints about the EU's suite of new environmental laws on Monday, warning against protectionism in the name of environmental protection. Angry farmers block Brussels again, urge fix to 'unfair' prices 26. Feb, 17:20 Following weeks of demonstrations across Europe, farmers returned to Brussels to protest over unfair competition in prices, as EU agriculture ministers met just a few metres away to discuss a response. The police used water cannon and tear gas. Stakeholders' Highlights Georgia Ministry of Foreign AffairsThis autumn Europalia arts festival is all about GEORGIA! UNOPSFostering health system resilience in fragile and conflict-affected countries European Citizen's InitiativeThe European Commission launches the ‘ImagineEU’ competition for secondary school students in the EU. Nordic Council of MinistersThe Nordic Region is stepping up its efforts to reduce food waste UNOPSUNOPS begins works under EU-funded project to repair schools in Ukraine Georgia Ministry of Foreign AffairsGeorgia effectively prevents sanctions evasion against Russia – confirm EU, UK, USA Analysis - Andrew Rettman Almost 20 names in running for EU top jobsWith four months until the European Parliament elections, there are already some 20 names in the hat for the ensuing reshuffle of EU top jobs.