Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health Skip to content Columbia University Irving Medical Center Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health Apply Contact Giving Search About Us About Us Our Vision & Mission The Columbia Mailman Difference Dean Linda P. Fried Leadership Team Board of Advisors Diversity, Culture and Inclusion Facts & Figures News Events Publications Events Upcoming Events Grand Rounds Series Seminars & Conferences Distinguished Lectures Centennial News Read the latest news stories about Mailman faculty, research, and events. Explore Our News Academics Academics Departments Degrees Non-Degree and Special Programs Course Directory Academic Calendar Policies and Procedures Registration Office of Education Degrees Master of Public Health Master of Science Master of Health Administration Doctoral Programs Dual Degrees Executive and Professional Education Undergraduate 4 + 1 Programs Degree Requirements Departments We integrate an innovative skills-based curriculum, research collaborations, and hands-on field experience to prepare students. Explore Our Departments Research Research Featured Research Centers Programs Health Equity Grand Challenges Partnerships Office of Research Strategy and Innovation Faculty Research Labs and Programs Centers Learn more about our research centers, which focus on critical issues in public health. Explore Our Centers People People Our Faculty Current Students Friends and Supporters Alumni Our Faculty Meet the faculty of the Mailman School of Public Health. Meet Our Faculty Become a Student Become a Student Life and Community How to Apply Degree Programs Career Services Request More Information Life and Community Student Life Diversity Student Organizations Housing New York City How to Apply Learn how to apply to the Mailman School of Public Health. Apply Now Info For Info For Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Employers Columbia Mailman Ranks Third for NIH Public Health Funding The NIH awarded a total of $74 million in Prime Awards to our faculty in 2023. Columbia Mailman Ranks Third for NIH Public Health Funding Columbia Public Health Magazine is now available! Read the latest issue. Columbia Public Health Magazine is now available! This Is What Global Health Looks Like Twenty years after it was founded, ICAP keeps reaching for more impact. This Is What Global Health Looks Like News Communities Severed by Roads and Traffic Experience a Larger Number of Collisions in New York City March 5, 2024 NYC neighborhoods with disrupted community connections, due to traffic, roads, and transport infrastructure, are experiencing an increase in traffic collisions. Topic Environmental Health More Schooling is Linked to Slowed Aging and Increased Longevity March 1, 2024 Participants in the Framingham Heart Study who achieved higher levels of education tended to age more slowly and went on to live longer lives. Topic Aging and Healthy Longevity Expert Task Force Releases Framework for Safer Pathogen Research February 29, 2024 W. Ian Lipkin and colleagues developed a new framework for more safe, secure, and responsible pathogen research. Topic Infectious Disease Uptick In Behavioral Disorders Reported in Children Following Prenatal Exposure to Anesthesia February 29, 2024 Children prenatally exposed to anesthesia for maternal surgery were significantly more likely to receive a diagnosis of a disruptive behavioral disorder than unexposed children. Topic Epidemiological Studies View All News Prepare for Public Health Leadership A World-Class Education in New York City Become a Student Become a Student Discovery & Impact We conduct groundbreaking research and develop solutions to protect and improve health. Explore our innovative research Explore our innovative research Climate and Health Fostering innovative, cross-disciplinary, translational scholarship on the human health dimensions of climate change. Climate and Health Data Science Using advanced analytic techniques and state-of-the-art computing to detect changes in population-scale electronic health records, pharmaceutical assays, and clinical imaging. Data Science Food Systems and Public Health Exploring the interconnectedness of food to issues such as income inequality, the global economy, climate change, policy, and health. Food Systems and Public Health Global and Population Mental Health Creating a community of scholars and partner institutions that contribute to the knowledge base and understanding of the determinants of mental health. Global and Population Mental Health Research Mailman is #3 In NIH public health research funding Median MPH Class Size The median size of our MPH classes is 24. Employment Rate After graduation 97% of students are employed or continuing studies Alumni More than 16,000 graduates worldwide in our alumni community About Since 1922, the Columbia Mailman School has been at the forefront of public health research, education, and community collaboration. About Our Community Keep up with our inspiring students and alumni. Read Student Voices Read Student Voices Resources to Support Emotional Health, Well-being, and Safety Campus Resources in Times of Crisis Campus Resources in Times of Crisis Events Open Now: Columbia Global Faculty Funding Opportunities Wednesday, January 31, 2024 to Sunday, March 10, 2024 All day Venue Online Level Up Your Lit Review Wednesday, March 6, 2024 3:00 PM to 4:00 PM Venue Butler Library, 535 W. 114 St., New York, NY 10027 208B March Narrative Medicine Rounds with Jens Brockmeier Wednesday, March 6, 2024 6:00 PM to 7:00 PM Venue Online Online View All Events Join the Conversation Columbia University Irving Medical Center About Us Academics Research People Become a Student Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health 722 West 168th Street New York, NY 10032 United States Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2024 Columbia University Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions HIPAA General Information: 212-305-2862 Back to top