ThemePoints | WordPress Themes & Plugins ThemePoints Home About us Blog Contact Sign In Amazing WordPress Themes & Plugins We create high Qualtiy WordPress Themes & Plugins for your Website. We Ensure you 100% Guarantee to work. Browse All Items Discover Featured Products We looked over the last trends when we create WordPress themes and plugins also we make sure they meet high-quality design and functionality. Philips Multipurpose Blog Theme by Themepoints Details $39.00 Post Slider Pro by Themepoints Details $25.00 Team Showcase Pro by Themepoints Rated 5.00 out of 5 Details $25.00 Service Box Pro by Themepoints Details $25.00 Super Testimonial Pro by Themepoints Rated 5.00 out of 5 Details $25.00 Logo Showcase Pro by Themepoints Details $25.00 Wp Accordions Pro by Themepoints Details $8.00 Carousel Shortcode Pro by Themepoints Details $25.00 Tabs Ultimate Shortcodes by Themepoints Details $16.00 Why Choose Us We strive to perfectly blend creativity and technicality in all the themes and plugins that we provide. we offer everything at one place to make it easier for you. Experienced Over 7 Years! More than 7 years we are designing themes, plugins, and WordPress sites for our clients. Created With Love! You can change the layout through a range of options without any coding knowledge! Fast & Friendly Support We feel privileged to be of service to our customers and we take that responsibility seriously. Well Documentation All themes and plugins come with good documentation. So you can flow the doc and easily manage everything. Easy Setup We make our themes, and plugins as easy to set up as possible. This means no need to required any coding skills. All Browser Compatible Our all product is compatible with all major web browsers to ensure it works perfectly. Clean Code Clean, fully commented and quality code to meet the WordPress.org strict standards. Regular Updates We provide lifetime auto update. It means you are allowed to use the theme or plugins for your lifetime. Money Back Guarantee All purchases at themepoints.com has a 7 Days Money Back Guarantee. Please read the refund policy. What Our Customers Say We have received beautiful words from our Clients. Check what our entrepreneurs and WordPress developers are saying about our themes and plguin. I tried out the free version of Super Testimonials and then instantly went for buying the Pro version. Had some issues with the plugin, but the support team was prompt and fast enough to resolve my issues efficiently. In love with the plugin! Definitely recommended. Excellent plugin and support! Nice plugin with reasonable price. I ask support for one minor issue and received solution within a hour. Happy customer Great support The Team Showcase design is clean and easy to interact with. I had a few suggestions for the developers on how to improve functionality, and the support team responded quickly and incorporated all of them in an updated version. I highly recommend this plugin! Excellent support kbfalk Excellent team plugin for WordPress! Would be great if you can implement a filterable by designation. Would be top! Thank you, developers! Excellent Team Plugin Dante Marinho This is an awesome free Team plugin I have ever used. This one makes my work super easy. Thanks User friendly and Super Easy gperrodin I request the developer to add more features like Enable/Disable popup box etc. Thanks Excellent Work Teamdodson 7 Day Money Back Guarantee Top-notch Support Secure Online Payment Themepoints Themepoints provide awesome free & premium WordPress themes & plugins for your website. Office Address House No: 46, Road No: 27, Block : D, Mirpur-12, Pallabi, Dhaka -1216 Need Help?Documentation Support Forum Privacy Policy Refund Policy license Contact Latest Products Philips Multipurpose Blog Theme $39.00 Post Slider Pro $25.00 Team Showcase Pro Rated 5.00 out of 5 $25.00 Service Box Pro $25.00 Secure Payment We are accepting payments from Paypal, Master Card, Visa, American Express, and all major Debit/Credit cards. © 2014 - 2024 Themepoints All Rights Reserved Follow Us -