Home - Tasmania Fire Service Information Line 1800 000 699 (free call) Members Area Fire danger rating forecastFire bans and permitsIncidents and warnings Menu Menu MEMBERS AREA Close Thinking of Volunteering? Fire danger rating forecastFire bans and permitsIncidents and warnings Forecasts and restrictions Fire bans & permits Fire danger rating forecast Machinery operations What’s burning now? Plan and prepare Bushfire plan Home fire safety False Alarm Reduction Project Bushfire ready neighbourhoods Community protection planning Building for bushfire Fuel Reduction Program Using fire outdoors Bushfire ready schools Building safety Australian Warning System Schools TFS Community Education TFS Kids Bushfire Plan Bushfire Preparation Join Join Us Become a career firefighter Volunteering News and media Media releases Contact Contact us Home Fire Safety Home Fire Safety About About us Publications Community Consultations State Fire Commission Organisational structure My local fire station TFS Community Education – Online Ordering Privacy Copyright and disclaimer Accessibility Tasmania Online Service Tasmania Sitemap Members Area Back to top Fire danger rating forecastFire bans and permitsIncidents and warnings Active Warnings View Incidents and Warnings Total Fire Bans View Total Fire Bans Welcome to Tasmania Fire Service We are here to keep you safe from the impact of fire and other emergencies FIND OUT MORE ABOUT TFS Join our crew Recruiting now for career firefighters JOIN TFS Plan and prepare To survive the next bushfire you need to make a plan START YOUR PLAN NOW Forecasts and restrictions Find out about the latest Fire Danger Rating Forecast, Fire Weather Outlook, Soil Dryness Index, and whether fire permits are required for your area or if Total Fire Bans are in place VIEW FORECASTS AND RESTRICTIONS Kids and schools Would you make a good firefighter? Try our quiz and find out LEARN MORE ABOUT SCHOOLS AND TFS 01 05 Don't wait until it's too late! Prepare now.Your Bushfire Plan can help you make important decisions before you could be threatened by a bushfire. Being prepared can make it less stressful and may reduce the impact. It could save your life and the lives of those you love and care for. CREATE A BUSHFIRE PLAN ONLINE Bushfire-Ready NeighbourhoodsWorking with communities most at risk from bushfires, we help people build resilience to help themselves. LEARN ABOUT BUSHFIRE READY NEIGHBOURHOODS Community Bushfire Protection PlansCommunity Protection Plans provide information on how to prepare for and survive a bushfire, and how and where to get additional bushfire safety information. This information is a critical part of a Bushfire Plan. COMMUNITY BUSHFIRE PROTECTION PLANS Fire permitsFire permits help ensure fire is used safely during a bushfire danger period. They control when fires are lit, protecting you, your property, and your community. FIND INFORMATION ABOUT FIRE PERMITS Incidents and warnings Forecasts Restrictions Plan and prepare Schools Join us About us News and media Community Consultations Contact Careers Information Disclosure My local station False Alarm Reduction Project Reform Privacy Copyright and disclaimer Accessibility Tasmania Online Service Tasmania Sitemap Members Area We respectfully acknowledge the Tasmanian Aboriginal people as the traditional owners of the land upon which we work and pay our respect to Elders past and present. We recognise the Tasmanian Aboriginal people as the continuing custodians of the rich cultural heritage of lutruwita / Tasmania. This site has been produced by TFS © 2024 Back to top This site has been produced by TFS © 2024 Print Top