Launchpad Log in / Register Search Search 46,356 projects, 2,003,311 bugs, 1,009,295 branches, 75,443 Git repositories, 3,124,647 translations, 707,192 answers, 76,044 blueprints, and counting... Launchpad A software collaboration platform that provides Bug tracking One place to track bugs across project boundaries and tools Code hosting using Git and Bazaar Easy for anyone to get your project's code using Git or Bazaar Code reviews Full control of who can land code in your project remains with you Ubuntu package building and hosting Publishing your software is simple with Personal Package Archives Crowd source translations Build an open community to translate your software into almost any language Mailing lists Find and work with the right people by building a social network of individuals and teams around projects Answer tracking and FAQs Free software thrives on people helping each other when the unexpected happens Specification tracking Track ideas and chunks of work as “blueprints” Get started Learn more about Launchpad in the user guide or try it for yourself in our sandbox environment. If you're ready, you can: Create an account Take the tour Find answers Featured projects AppArmor AppArmor gives you network application security via mandatory access control for programs, protec... Breezy Breezy is a friendly powerful distributed version control system. The EPICS Collaboration EPICS is a set of Open Source software tools, libraries and applications developed collaborativel... Inkscape Inkscape is an SVG-based graphics editor featuring alpha blending, node editing, SVG to PNG exp... Landscape Server Web-based tool for managing Ubuntu systems. Launchpad itself Launchpad is a set of Web services to help software developers collaborate. OpenShot Video Editor OpenShot Video Editor is a free, open-source, non-linear video editor. It can create and edit vid... OpenStack The OpenStack Open Source Cloud Mission: to produce the ubiquitous Open Source Cloud Computing pl... Ubuntu Ubuntu is a complete Linux-based operating system, freely available with both community and profe... Browse all 46356 projects! Recent Launchpad blog posts Read the blog Launchpad’s new homepage – 01 Mar 2024 Launchpad’s new homepage Launchpad has been around for a while, and its frontpage has remained untouched for a few years now. If you go into launchpad.net, you’ll notice it looks quite different from what it has looked like for the past 10 years – it has been updated! The goal was to modernize it while […] Launchpad-linked federated Matrix accounts – 22 Jan 2024 Users can now add their Matrix accounts to their profile in Launchpad, as requested by Canonical’s Community team. We also took the chance to slightly rework the frontend and how we display social accounts in the user profiles. Instead of having different sections in the profile for each social account , all social accounts are […] Self-service riscv64 builds – 22 Nov 2023 Launchpad has supported building for riscv64 for a while, since it was a requirement to get Ubuntu’s riscv64 port going. We don’t actually have riscv64 hardware in our datacentre, since we’d need server-class hardware with the hypervisor extension and that’s still in its infancy; instead, we do full-system emulation of riscv64 on beefy amd64 hardware […] Introducing Project-Scoped Access Tokens – 20 Nov 2023 Access tokens can be used to access repositories on behalf of someone. They have scope limitations, optional expiry dates, and can be revoked at any time. They are a stricter and safer alternative to using real user authentication when needing to automate pushing and/or pulling from your git repositories. This is a concept that has […] New domain names for PPAs – 16 Feb 2022 Since they were introduced in 2007, Launchpad’s Personal Package Archives (PPAs) have always been hosted on ppa.launchpad.net. This has generally worked well, but one significant snag became clear later on: it was difficult to add HTTPS support for PPAs due to the way that cookies work on the web. Launchpad uses a cookie for your […] Bug emails now use the bug’s address in the From: header – 20 May 2020 The From: addresses used by Launchpad’s bug notifications have changed, to improve the chances of our messages being delivered over modern internet email. Launchpad sends a lot of email, most of which is the result of Launchpad users performing some kind of action. For example, when somebody adds a comment to a bug, Launchpad sends […] © 2004 Canonical Ltd. • Terms of use • Data privacy • Contact Launchpad Support • Blog • Careers • System status • 2e4955e (Get the code!)