Cigna Healthcare | Health Insurance, Dental Plans & Medicare Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer For Medicare For Providers For Brokers For Employers Search Search Español For Individuals & Families: For Individuals & Families: Shop for Plans Shop for Plans Shop for your own coverage Medical Dental Other Supplemental Plans through your employer Learn about the medical, dental, pharmacy, behavioral, and voluntary benefits your employer may offer. Explore coverage through work Learn How to Buy Health Insurance Types of Dental Insurance Open Enrollment vs. Special Enrollment See all topics Looking for Medicare coverage? Shop for Medicare plans Member Guide Find a Doctor Log in to myCigna Log in to myCigna Shop for Plans Shop for Plans Medical Dental Other Supplemental Explore coverage through work How to Buy Health Insurance Types of Dental Insurance Open Enrollment vs. Special Enrollment See all topics Shop for Medicare plans Member Guide Find a Doctor Welcome to Cigna Healthcare We offer a wide range of insurance plans and products that focus on all aspects of your well-being—physical and emotional. Shop our plans Are you buying coverage on your own? Looking for another kind of coverage? Are you a member?Activate your myCigna account for access to all plan details and live, 24/7 support.1Activate your account now Hey, Rookie Turning 65 and feeling like a Medicare rookie? Earvin “Magic” Johnson is in the same court. We can help. Get coached on Medicare. Shop Cigna HealthcareSM* Medicare options Paid actor portrayal. Solutions for your ever-changing health needs From childhood to adulthood through retirement, we're by your side through every stage of life, with comprehensive services and coverage to meet your changing needs. Planning for the Unexpected Supplemental insurance policies offer additional coverage and cash benefits when you need it most. Coverage for cancer, hospitalization, stroke and heart attack, accidents, and life insurance Cash benefits to use however you'd like2 Typically come with budget-friendly monthly premiums Buy anytime, 24/7/365 Check out supplemental health insurance plans Turning 65? We can help you navigate your new world of Medicare. Flexible coverage options Plenty of no-cost perks 24/7 member support Explore and shop our Medicare plans Dental Care, Covered Oral health affects all your health, both physical and mental. Dental coverage to fit a range of needs Plan options that bundle vision and hearing, too Coverage costs pennies a day Shop online anytime, 24/7/365 Shop and compare our Dental plans Buying Medical Coverage On Your Own? Cigna Healthcare offers quality plan options, personalized support, and low costs. Plans offer virtual care starting at $03 and come with $0 preventive care4 Financial assistance available, if you qualify Additional coverage for diabetes and asthma/COPD, if needed Available for shopping during Open Enrollment (Nov 1-Dec 15, in most states) See what Cigna Healthcare offers Getting Coverage Through Work? If your employer is offering you Cigna Healthcare coverage, we can help you make an informed decision. Highlights of our plans and coverages Perks of all Cigna Healthcare medical plans Tools to look up in-network doctors and covered prescription drugs Additional coverage you can buy on your own Learn about plans through your employer Our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion We empower healthier decisions for everyone, no matter race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, veteran status, ability, sexual orientation, gender identity, and more. Our diverse perspectives and different ways of thinking guide our commitment to customers, clients, and colleagues in new ways. Learn more about our diversity, equity, and inclusion commitment Coronavirus (COVID-19) Resource Center Find the latest information about vaccinations, testing, coverage, and more. Visit the COVID-19 Resource Center Also Popular Insurance 101 Search Rx List Member Guide COVID Resources Important Pharmacy Benefits Update If you are a Cigna Healthcare customer with Pharmacy benefits, you may be able to get an emergency refill on your medication(s) if it was lost or damaged due to a recent natural disaster. Learn more about Pharmacy updates in your area *Offered by Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company 1Customers under age 13 (and/or their parent/guardian) will not be able to register at myCigna.com. 2View Supplemental State Policy Disclosures, Exclusions, Limitations, and Reductions. 3$0 virtual care (no cost share) for eligible preventive care and Dedicated Virtual Urgent Care for minor acute medical conditions. Not available for all plans. HSA plans and non-minor acute medical care may apply a copay, coinsurance or deductible. Cigna Healthcare provides access to Dedicated Virtual Care through a national telehealth provider, MDLive located on myCigna, as part of your health plan. Providers are solely responsible for any treatment provided to their patients. 4Availability of $0 preventive care (no cost share) by plan may vary. Includes eligible in-network preventive care services. Some preventive care services may not be covered, including most immunizations for travel. Reference plan documents for a list of covered and non-covered preventive care services. Product availability may vary by location and plan type and is subject to change. All group health insurance policies and health benefit plans contain exclusions and limitations. For costs and details of coverage, review your plan documents or contact a Cigna Healthcare representative. Cigna Healthcare products and services are provided exclusively by or through operating subsidiaries of The Cigna GroupSM, including Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (Bloomfield, CT.) (CHLIC), Evernorth Behavioral Health, Inc., Evernorth Care Solutions, Inc., Express Scripts, Inc., or their affiliates, and HMO or service company subsidiaries of Cigna Health Corporation, including Cigna HealthCare of Arizona, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of Georgia, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of Illinois, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of North Carolina, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of South Carolina, Inc., and Cigna HealthCare of Texas, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of Connecticut, Inc., and Cigna Dental Health, Inc. and its subsidiaries. In Utah, all products and services are provided by Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (Bloomfield, CT). Policy forms: OK – HP-APP-1 et al., OR – HP-POL38 02-13, TN – HP-POL43/HC-CER1V1 et al. (CHLIC); GSA-COVER, et al. (CHC-TN). THESE POLICIES PAY LIMITED BENEFITS ONLY. THEY ARE NOT COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE AND DO NOT COVER ALL MEDICAL EXPENSES. THIS COVERAGE DOES NOT SATISFY THE “MINIMIUM ESSENTIAL COVERAGE” OR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE REQUIREMENTS OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (ACA). THIS COVERAGE IS NOT MEDICAID OR MEDICARE SUPPLEMENT INSURANCE. Product availability may vary by location and plan type and is subject to change. All group insurance policies may contain exclusions, limitations, reduction in benefits, and terms under which the policy may be continued in force or discontinued. For costs and details of coverage, contact your Cigna Healthcare representative. Accidental Injury, Critical Illness, and Hospital Care plans or insurance policies are distributed exclusively by or through operating subsidiaries of The Cigna Group, including Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (Bloomfield, CT). The Cigna Healthcare names, logos, and marks are owned by Cigna Intellectual Property, Inc. This is a solicitation for insurance. An insurance agent/producer may contact you. Product availability varies by state. These policies contain exclusions, limitations, reduction of benefits and terms under which the policies may be continued in force or discontinued. For cost and complete details of coverage, contact your insurance agent/producer or the company. All Cigna Healthcare products and services are provided exclusively by or through operating subsidiaries of The Cigna Group, including Loyal American Life Insurance Company. (Cleveland, OH) This page is not intended for use in NM and WA. Shop and Compare Plans Error loading translations. Loading… Choose from the following types of plans and coverages Medicare Coverage Medicare Advantage Medicare Supplement Insurance Policies Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plans Medical Plans Health Insurance for Individuals and Families Dental Plans Cigna Dental Preventive Cigna Dental 1000 Cigna Dental 1500 Cigna Dental 3000/100 Cigna Dental Vision 1000 Cigna Dental Vision Hearing 2000 Cigna Dental Vision Hearing 3500 Supplemental Health Insurance Plans Lump Sum Heart Attack and Stroke Insurance Lump Sum Cancer Insurance Cancer Treatment Insurance Hospital Indemnity Insurance Accident Treatment Insurance Individual Whole Life Insurance Plans Through Employer Coverage Through Work Learn about the medical, dental, pharmacy, behavioral, and supplemental health benefits your employer may offer. I want to... Get an ID card File a claim View my claims and EOBs Check coverage under my plan See prescription drug list Find an in-network doctor, dentist, or facility Find a form Find 1095-B tax form information View the Cigna Healthcare Glossary Contact Cigna Healthcare Audiences Individuals and Families Medicare Employers Brokers Providers Secure Member Sites myCigna member portal Health Care Provider portal Cigna for Employers Client Resource Portal Cigna for Brokers The Cigna Group Information About Cigna Healthcare The Cigna Group Careers Newsroom Investors Suppliers Third Party Administrators International Evernorth Health Services Cigna Healthcare. All rights reserved. Privacy Legal Product Disclosures Company Names Customer Rights Accessibility Non-Discrimination Notice Language Assistance [PDF] Report Fraud Sitemap Cookie Settings Disclaimer Individual and family medical and dental insurance plans are insured by Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (CHLIC), Cigna HealthCare of Arizona, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of Illinois, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of Georgia, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of North Carolina, Inc., Cigna HealthCare of South Carolina, Inc., and Cigna HealthCare of Texas, Inc. Group health insurance and health benefit plans are insured or administered by CHLIC, Connecticut General Life Insurance Company (CGLIC), or their affiliates (see a listing of the legal entities that insure or administer group HMO, dental HMO, and other products or services in your state). Accidental Injury, Critical Illness, and Hospital Care plans or insurance policies are distributed exclusively by or through operating subsidiaries of The Cigna Group Corporation, are administered by Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company, and are insured by either (i) Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (Bloomfield, CT); (ii) Life Insurance Company of North America (“LINA”) (Philadelphia, PA); or (iii) New York Life Group Insurance Company of NY (“NYLGICNY”) (New York, NY), formerly known as Cigna Life Insurance Company of New York. The Cigna Healthcare name, logo, and other Cigna Healthcare marks are owned by The Cigna Group Intellectual Property, Inc. LINA and NYLGICNY are not affiliates of The Cigna Group. All insurance policies and group benefit plans contain exclusions and limitations. For availability, costs and complete details of coverage, contact a licensed agent or Cigna Healthcare sales representative. This website is not intended for residents of New Mexico. Selecting these links will take you away from Cigna.com to another website, which may be a non-Cigna Healthcare website. Cigna Healthcare may not control the content or links of non-Cigna Healthcare websites. Details