PLOS Medicine Skip to main content Advertisement PLOS Medicine Browse Current Issue Journal Archive Special Issues Collections Find and Read Articles Publish Submissions Getting Started Submission Guidelines Figures Tables Supporting Information LaTeX Other Article Types Preprints Revising Your Manuscript Submit Now Policies Best Practices in Research Reporting Human Subjects Research Animal Research Competing Interests Disclosure of Funding Sources Licenses and Copyright Data Availability Complementary Research Materials, Software and Code Sharing Ethical Publishing Practice Authorship Corrections, Expressions of Concern, and Retractions Manuscript Review and Publication Editorial and Peer Review Process Guidelines for Reviewers Accepted Manuscripts Comments Submit Your Manuscript PLOS Medicine publishes research and commentary of general interest with clear implications for patient care, public policy or clinical research agendas. Get Started About Journal Information Staff Editors Editorial Board Publishing Information Publication Fees Press and Media Resources Contact Search Search advanced search February 20, 2024 Risk of long COVID and associated symptoms after acute SARS-COV-2 infection in ethnic minorities: A nationwide register-linked cohort study in Denmark George F. Mkoma and colleagues examine the risk of long COVID and associated symptoms among ethnic minorities in Denmark. Image credit: Mohamed Hassan, Pixabay 02/29/2024 Research Article Diagnosis and management of endometrial hyperplasia: A UK national audit of adherence to national guidance 2012–2020 Ian Henderson and colleagues examine the adherence to UK national guidance for the diagnosis and management of endometrial hyperplasia. Image credit: Fernando zhiminaicela, Pixabay Recently Published Articles Short-term impacts of Universal Basic Income on population mental health inequalities in the UK: A microsimulation modelling study Diagnosis and management of endometrial hyperplasia: A UK national audit of adherence to national guidance 2012–2020 Combining fecal immunochemical testing and questionnaire-based risk assessment in selecting participants for colonoscopy screening in the Chinese National Colorectal Cancer Screening Programs: A population-based cohort study See all articles Browse Issues 2004 – 2024 02/20/2024 Research Article Comparison of 3 optimized delivery strategies for completion of isoniazid-rifapentine (3HP) for tuberculosis prevention among people living with HIV in Uganda: A single-center randomized trial Fred C. Semitala and colleagues compared three delivery strategies for the completion of isoniazid-rifapentine for tuberculosis prevention among people living with HIV in Uganda. Image credit: CDC, Unsplash 02/20/2024 Research Article Estimating the impact of alternative programmatic cotrimoxazole strategies on mortality among children born to mothers with HIV: A modelling study Mathur and colleagues estimate the potential impact of alternative cotrimoxazole strategies on mortality in children born to mothers with HIV in Côte d’Ivoire, Mozambique, Uganda, and Zimbabwe. Image credit: Annie Spratt, Unsplash 02/22/2024 Research Article Combining fecal immunochemical testing and questionnaire-based risk assessment in selecting participants for colonoscopy screening in the Chinese National Colorectal Cancer Screening Programs: A population-based cohort study Xuesi Dong and team examine combining FIT and questionnaire-based risk assessment in selecting participants for colonoscopy screening in Chinese screening programs. Image credit: Alexander Grey, Unsplash 02/15/2024 Research Article Health outcomes after myocardial infarction: A population study of 56 million people in England Using hospital records of 34 million adults admitted to hospitals in England, Marlous Hall and team examine the long-term risk of major health outcomes following myocardial infarction. Image credit: Anna Shvets, Pexels 02/16/2024 Research Article COVID-19 diagnostic testing and vaccinations among First Nations in Manitoba: A nations-based retrospective cohort study using linked administrative data, 2020–2021 Nathan C Nickel and colleagues assess whether priotizing First Nations individuals for COVID-19 vaccination was associated with improved access to COVID-19 testing and vaccination compared to all other Manitobans. Image credit: Maksim Goncharenok, Pexels 02/13/2024 Research Article Food additive emulsifiers and cancer risk: Results from the French prospective NutriNet-Santé cohort Laury Sellem and colleagues assess the cancer risk of quantitative exposures to a wide range of food additive emulsifiers in a large French cohort. Image credit: Jill Wellington, Pexels 02/09/2024 Research Article Fetal loss and long-term maternal morbidity and mortality: A systematic review and meta-analysis Florentia Vlachou and team explore the associations between miscarriage and stillbirth with long-term adverse maternal health outcomes. Image credit: Jonatán Becerra, Unsplash 01/22/2024 Research Article Tropical cyclone-specific mortality risks and the periods of concern: A multicountry time-series study Huang and colleagues investigate periods of concern, exposure-response relationship, and temporal trends of health risks associated with tropical cyclones. Image credit: WikiImages, Pixabay 01/22/2024 Research Article Health system assessment for access to care after injury in low- or middle-income countries: A mixed methods study from Northern Malawi John Whitaker and colleagues examine barriers to seeking, reaching, or receiving care after injury in Karonga, Northern Malawi. Image credit: Abrahan Echeverria, Unsplash Bacterial Antimicrobial Resistance Antimicrobial Resistance: Addressing a Global Threat to Humanity In this Editorial, Guest Editors Timothy R. Walsh, Ana C. Gales, Ramanan Laxminarayan, and our PLOS Medicine Editor Philippa C. Dodd discuss the Special Issue dedicated to Antimicrobial resistance and emphasize the urgent threat of AMR. Global incidence in hospital-associated infections resistant to antibiotics: An analysis of point prevalence surveys from 99 countries Ruchita Balasubramanian and colleagues, estimate the incidence of hospital-associated infections resistant to antibiotics in 195 countries using point prevalence survey data. Patterns of antibiotic use, pathogens, and prediction of mortality in hospitalized neonates and young infants with sepsis: A global neonatal sepsis observational cohort study (NeoOBS) James Neal Russell and colleagues explore antibiotic use and mortality prediction in hospitalised neonates and infants with sepsis. Antimicrobial resistance: Strengthening surveillance for public health action Silvia Bertagnolio, Amitabh Bipin Suthar, Olga Tosas and Kitty Van Weezenbeek discuss surveillance of antimicrobial resistance, the existing limitations and the implications this has on accurate determination of incidence. Implications of reducing antibiotic treatment duration for antimicrobial resistance in hospital settings: A modelling study and meta-analysis Yin Mo and colleagues investigate implications of antibiotic duration on antibiotic resistance in hospitals. of PLOS Medicine Collections COVID-19 Pandemic and Global Mental Health In this Special Issue, we present a fascinating array of research papers providing insights into various facets of mental health during the pandemic. Bacterial Antimicrobial Resistance: Surveillance and Prevention This collection of research articles highlights the multi-faceted challenges imposed by drug-resistant bacteria, the consequences for health and economics, and interventions that could lessen the burden. Early Detection and Minimal Residual Disease In this Collection, PLOS Medicine presents high-quality translational research and clinical studies on advances in early cancer detection. Global Child Health: From Birth to Adolescence and Beyond This Special Issue brings together the latest research on child and adolescent health, including strategies to monitor and combat child mortality from birth through adolescence, and environmental impacts on child health and mortality. Maternal and Child Health & Nutrition This 2019 Special Issue highlights the importance of nutrition for maternal and child health. of Publish with PLOS Submission Instructions Submit Your Manuscript Connect with Us Contact Us RSS PLOS Medicine on Twitter PLOS on Facebook PLOS Blogs Tweets by @plosmedicine Get new content from PLOS Medicine in your inbox PLOS will use your email address to provide content from PLOS Medicine. You can find out more about how PLOS processes your data by reading our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us at privacy@plos.org. Sign up Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to the PLOS Medicine newsletter. Sorry, an error occurred while sending your subscription. Please try again later. Try again PLOS Medicine | ISSN: 1549-1676 (online) Publications PLOS Biology PLOS Climate PLOS Complex Systems PLOS Computational Biology PLOS Digital Health PLOS Genetics PLOS Global Public Health PLOS Medicine PLOS Mental Health PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases PLOS ONE PLOS Pathogens PLOS Sustainability and Transformation PLOS Water Home Blogs Collections Give feedback LOCKSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Media Inquiries Contact PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San Francisco, California, US