Accelerating progress towards a sustainable world | BSI Search BSI Search BSI Suggestions View all search results Suggestions Sorry, we couldn't find any results. Country selector Contact Us Our Expertise We partner with clients and stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions to important issues. More about BSI Whether we’re tackling the drivers of climate change, building trust in our digital lives or improving the future of work, we’re accelerating innovation. Explore Our Expertise More about BSI We partner with clients and stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions to important issues. Health, Safety & Well-being Sustainability Digital Trust Supply Chain Innovation Quality Feature Insights Core Standards Quality Management System (ISO 9001) Discover the impact Core Standards Occupational Health & Safety (ISO 45001) Discover the impact Industries We partner with clients and stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions to important issues. More about BSI Our independence, global reach, and access to leading edge expertise sets us apart. Explore More about BSI We partner with clients and stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions to important issues. Built Environment Food & Retail Healthcare Transport & Mobility Energy Government ICT Manufacturing Feature Insights Core Standards Environmental Management System (EMS) (ISO 14001) Discover the impact Core Standards Information Security Management System (ISO 27001) Discover the impact Capabilities How we work with our clients Business Continuity Environment Medical Devices Supply Chain Aerospace Connecting Experts Food Safety Quality Management Working with Governments Automotive Digital Risk Management Health & Safety Standard Development Buildings & Construction Energy Management Kitemark Standard Services Products & Services Partnering with independent experts to overcome challenges and power progress. Our Products & Services As a purpose driven organization, BSI has no shareholders, so profits are re-invested to create solutions that help organizations make a positive impact. Explore Products & Services Our Products & Services Partnering with independent experts to overcome challenges and power progress. Standards Training & Qualifications Assessment & Certification Consulting Tools Feature Insights Core Standards Quality Management System (ISO 9001) Discover the impact Core Standards Occupational Health & Safety (ISO 45001) Discover the impact Insights & Media Get the latest insights from our thought shapers Get Insights & Media Find blogs, case studies, whitepapers, webinars, brochures, and more. Explore Insights & Media Get Insights & Media Get the latest insights from our thought shapers Case Studies Whitepapers Blogs Brochures Events Webinars News Brand Assets Feature Insights Core Standards Environmental Management System (EMS) (ISO 14001) Discover the impact Core Standards Information Security Management System (ISO 27001) Discover the impact About Us Your partner in progress, accelerating progress towards a sustainable world. More about BSI We partner with clients and stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions to important issues. About Us More about BSI About Us Compliance & Ethics in BSI Legal Information Our People Story Awards & Recognition Get Involved with Standards National Standards Body Partnerships Careers Governance Our History Sustainability Certification Business Policy Group Financial Performance Our People United Kingdom - English Contact Us Back to menu Choose a country/region No countries/regions found United Kingdom - English Australia - English Austria - Deutsch Belgium - Nederlands Brazil - Português Canada - English Canada - Français Chile - Español China - 简体中文 Colombia - Español Costa Rica - Español Czech Republic - čeština France - Français Germany - Deutsch Hong Kong (SAR China) - English India - English Indonesia - English Ireland - English Israel - English Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Malaysia - English MEA - عربي MEA - English Mexico - Español Mongolia - Монгол хэл Netherlands - Nederlands New Zealand - English Peru - Español Philippines - English Poland - Polski Singapore - English South Africa - English Spain - Español Sweden - English Switzerland - Deutsch Taiwan - 繁體中文 Thailand - ไทย/English Turkey - Türkçe United States - English Vietnam - English Vietnam - Tiếng Việt Sustainability Accelerating progress towards a sustainable world Read more About Us Your partner in accelerating progress towards a sustainable world Find out more Trending Case Study Accelerating sustainability success for Aston Martin Formula One® Team Read more Prev Next About BSI Shaping a sustainable future Our mission is to empower you to inspire trust, foster excellence and ensure safety in your organization; driving positive change for a better world. Utilize our extensive range of services and expertise in standards development, certification, training and assessment. Find out more Clients & Partners Forming global partnerships to drive excellence across industries We collaborate with a diverse range of clients and partners across many industries to help them enhance performance, meet standards and achieve goals. Find out more Prev Next ) Explore Expertise Partnering to create progress through six pillars of excellence Navigate a world of possibilities among all aspects of progress with BSI by your side. More about BSI Expertise Health, Safety and Well-being Prioritizing your people helps to build a culture of trust and ensure your organization is future ready. Find out more Expertise Sustainability Embracing opportunities and overcoming challenges to progress towards a sustainable future for your organization and society. Find out more Expertise Digital Trust Shaping society by developing a resilient digital future that respects privacy, safety, security, and reliability. Find out more Expertise Supply Chain With supply chains stretching out across the world, compliance and confidence in suppliers helps guarantee operational efficiency. Find out more Expertise Innovation As you champion your organization's progress, explore the limitless possibilities of innovation with standards that set the benchmark for excellence. Find out more Expertise Quality Quality is the foundation of trust, boosting confidence in products and services and allowing you to develop strong relationships for growth. Find out more Impact Stories Transforming society one success story at a time Our impactful work has etched a lasting legacy in advancing progress and bettering society. View all Case Studies Health & Safety “With menopause driving scores of women out of the workforce each year, addressing it is essential.” Liv Garfield, CEO, Severn Trent Plc Menstruation, Menstrual Health & Menopause in the Workplace Find out more Sustainability “We wanted to be at the forefront of delivering more efficient and sustainable solutions, quickly” Simon Randall Head of Safety, Sustainability and Facilities, Aston Martin Formula One® Team Find out more Digital Trust “BSI is working with the healthcare sector to improve access to medicines across low- and middle-income countries” Courtney Soulsby BSI's Sector Development Director, Healthcare Find out more Prev Next Capabilities Setting new standards for success Our specialized capabilities help your organization redefine excellence in areas including energy management, supply chain risk and digital security. See our Capabilities Capabilities BSI Kitemark Access global markets with the internationally recognized symbol of outstanding quality, safety and trust. Find out more Capabilities Connecting Experts Partner with us to help shape world-leading standards for the common good. Find out more Capabilities Quality Management Create a powerful competitive advantage and enhance your organization’s capabilities with our range of quality management solutions. Find out more Products & Services Explore our wide range of innovative solutions Discover standards to guide you, training to empower you, certification to validate your excellence and expertise to help drive your success. Standards Standards are blueprints for excellence, providing robust strategies for minimizing risk, ensuring safety, and championing sustainability. Find a standard We are committed to providing our clients with impartial and independent certification services. Because of this, we are not able to provide management system or product consultancy services and certification services to the same client where there may be a conflict of interest. This message will appear as a reminder on future visits to our site. Training & Qualifications Benefit from relevant courses that are continually updated with the latest global trends and regulatory changes. Find a course We are committed to providing our clients with impartial and independent certification services. Because of this, we are not able to provide management system or product consultancy services and certification services to the same client where there may be a conflict of interest. This message will appear as a reminder on future visits to our site. Assessment & Certification Assess, certify, test, and audit your people, products, and processes with the support of our experts. Find out more We are committed to providing our clients with impartial and independent certification services. Because of this, we are not able to provide management system or product consultancy services and certification services to the same client where there may be a conflict of interest. This message will appear as a reminder on future visits to our site. Consulting Our world-class consulting services enable you to accelerate progress and manage risk across your entire organization. Talk to our team We are committed to providing our clients with impartial and independent certification services. Because of this, we are not able to provide management system or product consultancy services and certification services to the same client where there may be a conflict of interest. This message will appear as a reminder on future visits to our site. Tools Software solutions to help you manage your audit, compliance, and supply chain activities, as well as your regulatory information. Discover tools We are committed to providing our clients with impartial and independent certification services. Because of this, we are not able to provide management system or product consultancy services and certification services to the same client where there may be a conflict of interest. This message will appear as a reminder on future visits to our site. Let's work together Ready to revolutionize standards and ignite innovation? Join forces with us to drive transformation that enriches our world and benefits everyone in it. Get in touch Inside BSI Protecting our planet and its people At our core, we are dedicated to safeguarding our planet and empowering its people, setting us apart with purpose and passion. More about BSI About Us Building trust as the UK's National Standards Body As the UK National Standards Body, we aid innovation, support economic growth and improve quality, safety and well-being through standardization. Find out more About Us Accelerating progress towards a sustainable world We believe in leading by example. That's why sustainability is embedded into our own business and services so we can help others to do the same. Find out more Careers Where passion meets progress Reach your potential with varied and dynamic careers that offer daily opportunities to accelerate progress towards a sustainable world. Join our team Let's work together Take the lead in your organization's transformation Empower your organization to steer change, shape the future and define success in your industry. Find out how Contact Us Let's shape your organization's future together Reach out and see how we can help guide you on your path to sustainable operational success. Get in touch Explore BSI National Standards Body Compliance & Ethics in BSI Modern Slavery Statement Impartiality Our Clients & Partners Our Accreditation Certification Business Policy Our Royal Charter Social media Get in touch About BSI Contact Us Careers Get our Newsletter Sign up © The British Standards Institution 2024 Privacy Notice Terms of use Cookie Policy Site map Accessibility Impartiality is the governing principle of how BSI provides its services. Impartiality means acting fairly and equitably in its dealings with people and in all business operations. It means decisions are made free from any engagements of influences which could affect the objectivity of decision making.As an accredited certification body, BSI Assurance cannot offer certification to clients where they have also received consultancy from another part of the BSI Group for the same management system. Likewise, we do not offer consultancy to clients when they also seek certification to the same management system.The British Standards Institution (BSI, a company incorporated by Royal Charter), performs the National Standards Body (NSB) activity in the UK. BSI, together with its Group Companies, also offers a broad portfolio of business solutions other than NSB activity that help businesses worldwide to improve results through Standards-based best practice (such as certification, self-assessment tool, software, product testing, information products and training).