Gapminder Gapminder uses cookies to improve its statistics and user experience. By continuing to use the site you agree to our cookie policy. X Close Donate Resources About Log in Donate Resources About Log in You are probably wrong about Domestic work Global warming Plastic in oceans Life satisfaction Global collaborations Extreme poverty Migration Economic growth Electricity access Internet usage International conflicts Threatened species Natural disaster deaths Global hunger Education quality Water at home Raw materials We have tested thousands of people and they were systematically wrong about all this. Upgrade your worldview Gapminder is an independent educational non-proﬁt ﬁghting global misconceptions. FEATURED BY: Ola Rosling opens UN global goal meeting 2020 The UN’s SDG Moments 2020 was introduced by Malala Yousafzai and Ola Rosling, president and co-founder of Gapminder. Free tools fora fact-based worldview Used by millions of people, teachers, journalists and decision makers all over the world. Worldview Upgrader Rid yourself of the most common global misconceptions and get your Upgraded Worldview Certiﬁcate Find your misconceptions Animating Data Get the proportions right and realize the macrotrends that will shape the future. Understand a changing world Dollar Street Watch everyday life in hundreds of homes on all income levels across the world, to counteract the media’s skewed selection of images of other places. See the reality behind the data Follow us WHAT WE DO First We ask thousands of fact questions to the public in many countries... ...to see what people think the world looks like based on the news stories they see. Then we check the data... from the UN and other reliable sources... to identify the most common misconceptions where peoples' ideas differ most from reality. Finally we can help YOU identify what you’re wrong about, and... ... keep upgrading your worldview as the world keeps changing, AND ENJOYa fact-based worldview Gapminder's tools and teaching materials are free, and always will be free. You can help us by making a donation. Donate now Gapminder is an independent Swedish foundation with no political, religious or economic affiliations. Gapminder fights devastating misconceptions and promotes a fact-based worldview everyone can understand. About Contact Donate Press room Newsletter FAQ Privacy & Terms of Use Report Problem