Endless possibilities for every business - Flutterwave Menu Icon Enterprise Payment solutions Grow your business Payment solutions Grow your business Accept online payments Easily receive online payments from around the world in different currencies. Payout & Transfers Experience effortless cross-border payouts and transfers in various currencies worldwide. Swap Swap your Naira for Dollars, Euros and Pounds POS systems Point of Sale devices with multiple payment methods to grow your physical business. Checkout demo Experience checkout yourself. SME Sell to anyone anywhere Grow your business Sell to anyone anywhere Grow your business Scan to download the mobile app. Online checkout Add our checkout to your Shopify, WordPress, WooCommerce, Joomla and PrestaShop stores. Payment Links Accept payments without writing code. POS systems Point of Sale devices with multiple payment methods to grow your physical business. Build your online store Create a free online store that helps you find customers, and accept payments globally. Swap Swap your Naira for Dollars, Euros and Pounds Invoices Create and issue professional invoices for global payments. Disha for creators Effortlessly create a free single-page website, sell products globally, no coding required. Afritickets Experience the integrated offering of lifestyle, business, event, and travel management services. Download the mobile app Personal Send App Safely, quickly and conveniently send money to the people who matter most to you. Market Discover, shop and get your items delivered to you from your favourite online businesses. Swap Swap your Naira for Dollars, Euros and Pounds Buy event tickets Conveniently find events you love and buy your tickets. Tuition Quick and easy tuition fee payments to African and international schools. Scan to download Send mobile app. Download Send mobile app Resources Pricing Blog Customer case studies Integrations Developers API documentation API reference API status Company Careers Press Sign in Endless possibilities for all Unlocking boundless payment opportunities for enterprises, individuals, small businesses, emerging markets, and startups alike. Contact sales SweetPOD E25 Dresses Send money home to loved ones, sell online as a small business, process global payments as an enterprise, build financial products as a startup. With Flutterwave, the question isn't what's possible—it is: what isn't? We are trusted by 1 million+ businesses & 2 million+ individuals Endless payment possibilities for enterprises Online Checkout Our online checkout features our smart payment ordering system, incredible speed, and beautiful simplicity. It's designed to grow your revenue and provide the best payment experience to your customers. Get started Replay Accept payments Easily receive money from anyone, anywhere in the world via our multitude of secure payment methods. Learn more Transfers (Payout) Make single or bulk transfers to bank accounts from your Flutterwave dashboard. Learn more Endless payment possibilities for every Small Business. Store Create a free ecommerce website and start selling worldwide with just a few clicks. Start selling A platform for you, whether you’re a big business or a solo artist. Invoices Generate professional invoices for your customers and get paid from anywhere. Get started Payment links Receive one-off or recurring payments from anyone, anywhere, via your unique payment link. Learn more Let’s play to our strengths, shall we? You focus on bringing your amazing ideas to life and we focus on providing all the commerce tools you need. Okay, let’s go Endless payment possibilities for every individual Flutterwave offers a host of seamless products for individuals, ensuring smooth transactions and efficient money management. Send money to loved ones Experience the convenience and security of Send, enabling you to effortlessly and securely transfer funds to your beloved ones residing overseas. Begin sharing financial support with the ones who hold significance in your life right hereShop online Explore a world of possibilities as you Discover, Shop, and have your purchases conveniently delivered from your cherished online businesses. Embark on a secure shopping journey and relish the joy of acquiring great items from amazing small businesses, right hereFind events and Buy tickets Browse upcoming events and secure your ticket on our Afritickets platform here Well documented and easy-to-use APIs for developers We have done the core payments integrations and abstractions, so your team can easily integrate with our APIs and access multiple payment functionalities. Quick transfers Initiate one-time and recurring payments Payment verification Instant virtual cards creation Customer verification Read the API docs Our global reach 30+ Currencies We accept payments in more than thirty currencies. 20M+ API calls API calls per day, peaking at 231 requests per second. 500k+ payments daily Average number of payments processed daily. 15+ payment options Debit & Credit cardsBank AccountMobile moneyPOSM-PesaVISA QRBank TransferUSSD Ready to get started? Create an account and instantly start accepting payments, selling your beautiful products online and building financial tools. Contact sales We use cookies on our website to improve your user experience. You can accept or manage your cookie preferences. To learn more about our use of cookies, view our detailed Cookie Notice. Please be aware that Flutterwave will never ask for your card details, PIN, OTP/token codes, or any account-related information via call, SMS, WhatsApp or email. Please do not respond to such requests. Products Collect Payments Send Money Store Payment Links Invoices Capital Grow Card Issuing FaaS Disha Send App Tuition Resources Pricing Support Blog Integrations Why you got charged Cookie settings Payment protection promise Developers API Documentation API Reference API Status Company Customers Careers Press Covid 19 Contact hi@flutterwavego.com X Support United States Cameroon Egypt Ivory Coast Kenya Malawi Mauritius Nigeria Rest of Europe Rwanda Senegal South Africa Tanzania Uganda United Kingdom United States Connect X (formerly Twitter) Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Legal Privacy notice Terms of use Cookie notice Merchant service agreement IMS policy Send App licenses © Flutterwave Payments, LLC Licensed by FinCEN