Tools for electric vehicle drivers in North America | ChargeHub ChargeHub requires JavaScript. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled before continuing. For all your electric car charging needs Public or home EV charging, ChargeHub has your back. Download the free app Helping Everyone Charge ANYWHERE Learn all about electric vehicles Guides Check out the charging stations map Map Shop the ChargeHub Store Store Some of our partners ChargeHub Store With the ChargeHub store you can compare and order different models of home charging stations. You will find charging stations from a variety of brands including EV Duty, Aerovironment and Schneider. Several guides are also available to help you learn about public EV charging, home charging and to help you choose the best EV charging station for you. Our goal is to make it easy for new EV owners to charge at home by offering: Superior Customer Support Have any questions about charging or the choice of your charger? Contact us and we'll be happy to help you. Get Your Station Quickly Fast delivery usuallly delivered within 1 to 5 days. Get the Best Price You'll get your charging station at the best possible price and we'll send you all the necessary documents to claim your government rebate. Browse the store The ChargeHub Map Find every charging station in Canada and the USA with ChargeHub’s live-updated map. You'll find stations from the following networks: ChargePoint, Blink (now Car Charging), Tesla, SemaCharge, Sun Country Highway, Electric Circuit, Flo, OPConnect, Shell Recharge, Aerovironment, and more. North America Coverage The Map includes all charging stations in North America including major cities like Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York. Trip planner Plan custom trips in order to recharge your electric car at the ideal stops. Powerful filters Easily configure the filters to display the connectors that are compatible with your vehicle (J1772, CHAdeMO, J1772 Combo, Tesla). The ChargeHub Map also exists in mobile version, allowing you to find charging stations near you wherever you are. Plan your trip right now from your browser or download the free ChargeHub app. FIND CHARGING STATIONS DOWNLOAD THE APP ChargeHub Guides ChargeHub Guides allow you to familiarize yourself with the world of electric vehicles. They will help you understand range, charging, how electric cars save you money, their environmental impact and much more. Discover the world of electric cars today! Public Charging EV Savings Home Charging ChargeHub Guides Public Charging for EVs Electric Car Charging Guide This charging 101 guide discusses 3 key concepts about recharging an electric car. Before we get into those concepts, it's good to know the various terms used for charging stations. They usually all refer to the same thing: Charging station Charging outlet Charging plug Charge port Charger EVSE (Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment) Read the full guide Saving more with an EV Guide on Provincial and Municipal Incentives for Level 2 Home Charging Stations There are several incentives in place in Canada to help electric car and plug-in hybrid owners to purchase a level 2 home charger. The largest subsidies usually come from provincial governments. Read the full guide List of All Federal, Provincial and Municipal Incentives for Electric Cars and Plug-in Hybrids in Canada. There are several incentive programs available to help Canadians make the acquisition of an electric car, a plug-in hybrid EV or a hydrogen fuel-cell vehicle. These rebates are normally managed by one of the three main levels of government: federal, provincial, or municipal. These programs are only valid for residents of the concerned territory. Save money on your vehicle purchase Charging EVs at Home How to Choose Your Home Charging Station How to choose a station based on your vehicle Best time to buy a charging station Charging station features to consider Elements to be included when purchasing Read the full guide Find the Right Charging Station for You Easily compare the most popular charging stations on the market with this useful guide. Our goal is to help you find a level 2 charging station that answers all of your charging needs, includes all of the features you are looking for, and is within your price range. Read the full guide Guide on Provincial and Municipal Incentives for Level 2 Home Charging Stations There are several incentives in place in Canada to help electric car and plug-in hybrid owners to purchase a level 2 home charger. The largest subsidies usually come from provincial governments. Read the full guide Find Out the Most Optimal Charging Solution for Your Home According to the Electric Vehicle you Drive. The following table shows the optimal amperage for a level 2 home charging station according to your electric car power acceptance. Read the full guide Guide on Charging Your Electric Vehicle at Home How to charge your electric vehicle at home Benefits of charging at home Difference between level 1 and 2 charging stations Advantages of a level 2 Read the full guide Home Charging Station - FAQ Our home charging station FAQ answers to the most common questions about home charging. Take a look at it, it should clarify some important aspects. Read the full guide ChargeHub Map Guides ChargeHub Map Guide This guide teaches you everything you need to know about using the ChargeHub Map. Read the full guide Trip Planner Guide Planning a road trip? This guide will help you use our powerful trip planner tool, allowing you to find EV charging stations along your route. Read the trip planner guide