BdThemes Best WordPress plugins and themes development company Products Zolo Blocks New The zoloblocks plugin which lets you create stunning websites using the gutenberg site builder AI Image Generator New The AI Image Generator Plugin for WordPress is a powerful tool by ChatGPT Element Pack popular A full Featured web design companion for Anyone Prime Slider hot Most superior Slider in the Era of Elementor Slider Ultimate Post Kit The only Compatible blogging widgets in Elementor for any Blog Ultimate Store Kit Create next gen e-commerce website for your business in WordPress Pixel Gallery New Organize your photos in a different angel every time with Elementor Admin UX Control everything in your admin dashboard like a pro!! Live Copy Paste Copy & Paste any web design you like just with 2 clicks! Rooten A fully functioning theme for elementor with unlimited options Testimonial A better review showcase option for any website in Elementor Graphics Item Popular Get amazing Flyers, visiting card, Logo template from here Explore package advantages Go Online Store NewStore Support Get Support Find us 24/7 at your service. We are glad to help. Changelog A changelog is a log or record of all notable changes made to a product. Affiliate Signup Earn hefty commissions by joining us in the promotion Knowledge Base Detailed guidelines available for every features at BdThemes Share Widget Idea Widget Idea Share is a great way to find similar widgets that you can improve. Video Tutorial Learn product usage, WordPress tips & tricks from our videos Blog Contact ACCOUNT Turn Your Minimum Efforts Into Maximum Results No reason not to be an expert web designer with High-Quality web designing toolkits by BdThemes. Don’t delay your projects because now YOU CAN do it yourself. Start revolutionizing your web designing experience with Us. View All Products 1600 Downloads 575 Widgets 225 Active Installation 2670 Total Templates Why Choose Us At BdThemes, we provide flexible WordPress add-ons that enable you to maximize your potential and enhance your business goals. We understand that every business has unique requirements where variable niches are involved. That’s why we designed our products to deliver a comprehensive level of freedom in customization. Quality More than 300,000 users loved the promising quality of our products. We are keeping it the way our users demand it. 1 Templates Boost your creativity with 2500+ templates and ready resources at your disposal. Quality assured with careful design concepts. 2 Features Our products dominate the entire marketplace with the maximum features a single WordPress plugin offers today. 3 Customer Support Our dedicated support team is ready to serve 24/7 to address your concerns. You will find us anytime at your service. 4 Performance We take the lead in delivering plugins that perform beyond your expectations. We guarantee high performance every day. 5 Custom Service Need custom packages for your business? We offer custom services so you can enjoy maximum flexibility with our products. 6 BdThemes BringsPowerful Plugins for You Unleash the true potential of your creativity with these game-changing WordPress plugins. Make your website bulletproof and visually impress your visitors. Zolo Blocks The ZoloBlocks Plugin Which Lets You Create Stunning Websites Using The Gutenberg Site Builder Read More Element Pack Created based on Elementor page builder for WordPress. A pack of all essential widgets Read More Prime Slider Based on Elementor page builder – the Prime slider is a dynamic ready-to-use website slider. Read More Ultimate Post Kit Take your blogging site to the next level using the next-gen architecture and exciting new. Read More Ultimate Store Kit The perfect WordPress plugin for eCommerce Elementor for build unique online shops. Read More Pixel Gallery Create exceptional video galleries and image galleries in WordPress with widgets. Read More View All Product BdThemes Ltd.Your Ultimate Web Solution BdThemes has been creating Better performing WordPress plugins to empower the present & future generations. So you can Design stunning websites that drive traffic and boost your online presence. User-centric design We made our plugins so simple that you can experience them better on the first try. Compatibility Enjoy a stress-free web designing journey with highly compatible & feature-rich WordPress addons. Security We prioritize the data security of our users, and we maintain 0% vulnerability to protect your privacy. Live Support Our highly-efficient technical support team is ready to converse and solve your troubles anytime. Future-Proof BdThemes is dedicated to serving you with high-performing plugins as long as the digital world thrives. Brand Focus Our goal is to help you take your brand to the next level my making our products your stepping stone. Customer FeedbackWhat Our Client Say's We served at our best for what our clients love, appreciate, and support us to contribute to what we achieved so far. We always welcome critics to improve our services for a better User Experience. Sungnyin, @Sungnyin Element Pack Features and Support! I am very excited about this product. I love the numerous widgets and the assistance I got from Tauhid, the support agent. Niko Julius, @Niko Julius Great additional Plugin for Elementor! Just discuss with Tauhid about the plugin and really love the widget provided here. Very slick, fast, and have many options to choose from! Must have this one recomended. David James Slippery Brick, @David James Slippery Brick Great products, great company. The support from BdThemes is fantastic. After having issues with the Elements Pro Pack one of their support agents got in touch very quickly to resolve my issue. Their products are top notch, one of the best providers for WordPress addons, would absolutely recommend. Silvia Pallavicini, @Silvia Pallavicini Excellent & 5-star support. Excellent theme (Element Pack Pro) and excellent customer support via chat! Thanks Masum. Mohamed Shafiullah B, @Mohamed Shafiullah B Excellent User-Friendly Plugin. I recently had the pleasure of using the "Ultimate Post Kit Pro" by BD Themes, and I must say, it's a fantastic plugin that exceeded my expectations in every way. User-Friendly and Attractive Customization Oliver Heuft, @Oliver Heuft Having a good product is one thing - and BD Themes has that with the Ultimate Post Kit. Another, much more important thing is the fast support in case things don't work out. And there BD Themes was ultra fast and helpful. You can count on these developers. Steve Blood, @Steve Blood It's 21:57 and I had a problem with my license. Zillur came online and nothing was too much trouble. I've use BD themes now for around 3/4 years and they've exceeded my expectations regularly! Thank you soo much! nouradawy, @nouradawy element pack is the best plugin to be used with elementor which makes your life so much easier that have almost every essential widgets that you going to use from just making a button to animation and layouting. thank you so much for making such a great plugin that saves a lot of time for us developers Sagacious Zu, @sagaciouszu This made figuring out Elementor a lot easier and includes some downright beautiful bits and pieces. Might be the first WordPress plugin I’ve wanted to purchase because of the love the devs put into this. If you’re newer to WordPress and Elementor, this is your hero. Our Trusted Brand Partners Specially CraftedLearn From Fresh Blogs Explore our collection of thought-provoking articles and get informed about the technology we are working with. How to Make Pricing Table in Elementor With Element Pack Pro February 19, 2024 Element Pack 10+ Best slider for Elementor You can have [Updated] September 11, 2023 Prime Slider Ultimate Post Kit – An Elementor addon that made for Bloggers June 27, 2023 Ultimate Post Kit Upgrade Your Design Game with Element Pack Pro 7.0 May 15, 2023 Element Pack Prime Slider Dominated the world of Sliders For Elementor in 2022- Here is Why!! January 24, 2023 Prime Slider Take advantage of fine-tuned plugins Get Customizable Elementor Widgets to Power Up Your Website Take advantage of fine-tuned plugins to speed up web projects without sacrificing quality. We offer a 14-days money-back guarantee. Explore All Packages BdThemes is the sole owner of #1 market-leading addons for Elementor such as Element Pack Pro, Prime Slider, Ultimate Post Kit, Ultimate Store Kit, Pixel Gallery, and more useful plugins. This website is powered by Element Pack Pro and Rooten Theme. Products AI Image Live Copy Paste Pixel Gallery Ultimate Store Kit Ultimate Post Kit Element Pack Popular Prime Slider Zolo Blocks NEW Rooten Theme Graphics Resource Testimonial Portfolio FAQ Support My Account Support Knowledge Base Video Tutorial Library Pre-Sales Questions Useful Links Blog Share Idea Contact Us Team Career Benefits Deals Others Affiliate Signup Online Store New Terms of Use Privacy Policy Refund Policy Support Policy Join Our Newsletter Need any further assistance? Call Us:+880 1700 55 95 95