New Orleans, LA Local News, Breaking News, Sports | NOLA.com | New Orleans News, Sports and Entertainment Skip to main content Baton Rouge New Orleans Acadiana Shreveport-Bossier Gambit Log in Subscribe Log out Site search Search News Business Crime/Police Courts Education Environment Health Care Jefferson Parish One Tammany Local Politics State Politics Hurricane Center Weather/Traffic Meet Investigative Team Weekly Editions Sports Rod Walker Sports Betting Saints LSU Pelicans Tulane UNO High School Sports Horse Racing Jeff Duncan Colleges Sports Betting Horse Racing Entertainment Arts Books Calendar Comics Curious Louisiana Festivals Games Health/Fitness Home/Garden Ian McNulty Keith Spera Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Arthur Hardy - Mardi Gras Guide Movies/TV Music Society Where NOLA Eats Your Best Life Opinions James Gill Stephanie Grace Will Sutton Our Views Letters Walt Handelsman Clancy DuBos Quin Hillyer Obits Jobs Homes Calendar Store Public Notices Jefferson Parish E-Edition Newsletters Log out Log in Activate Subscribe My account Activate 64° E-Edition Newsletters News Business Crime/Police Courts Education Environment Health Care Jefferson Parish One Tammany Local Politics Local Elections State Politics Statewide Elections Hurricane Center Weather/Traffic Meet Investigative Team Weekly Editions Crescent City East Jefferson St. Tammany West Bank Sports Rod Walker Sports Betting Saints LSU Pelicans Tulane UNO High School Sports Horse Racing Jeff Duncan Colleges Sports Betting Horse Racing Entertainment Arts Books Calendar Comics Curious Louisiana Festivals Games Health/Fitness Home/Garden Ian McNulty Keith Spera Louisiana Inspired Mardi Gras Arthur Hardy - Mardi Gras Guide Movies/TV Music Society Where NOLA Eats Your Best Life Opinions James Gill Stephanie Grace Will Sutton Our Views Letters Walt Handelsman Clancy DuBos Quin Hillyer Obits Jobs Homes Calendar Store Public Notices Jefferson Parish WEATHER ALERT Track New Orleans storms on live radar as they move through the area With St. Patrick’s Day coming up, a fight brews over future of Tracey’s Irish Channel bar Green décor is going up all around the Irish Channel in preparation for the upcoming St. Patrick’s Day parade and block parties in the New Orleans neighborhood. But the emergence of a familiar bar name on a property that’s been a key to those parties has revealed a battle underway over its future. Flooding takes over streets as heavy rains pound New Orleans metro. See photos and video. After wave of resignations, New Orleans' RTA board no longer able to do business Which restaurant has the best gumbo in New Orleans? Vote in final round of our gumbo bracket! St. Charles Parish plantation is long gone, but there are plenty of reminders in Norco It was in the mid-1960s, if his recollections are correct, but faithful reader Martin Audiffred couldn’t help but recall it when reading recently in this space about the historic De La Ronde plantation ruins. Woman fatally stabs convicted sex offender who tried to assault her in northshore laundromat A woman fatally stabbed a man who tried to sexually assault her Sunday afternoon at a Lacombe-area laundromat, the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office said. SIGN UP reCAPTCHA | Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply The Latest Scott Rabalais: LSU women's team looks formidable but fragile heading into postseason Updated 29 mins ago After wave of resignations, New Orleans' RTA board no longer able to do business 1 hr ago Flooding takes over streets as heavy rains pound New Orleans metro. See photos and video. 1 hr ago With St. Patrick’s Day coming up, a fight brews over future of Tracey’s Irish Channel bar 2 hrs ago Olivia Rodrigo's love letter to NOLA includes a French Quarter bar fit for 'blood suckers' 2 hrs ago LSU basketball coach Matt McMahon has suspended one of his star players Updated 1 hr ago Here's how, where to watch Kelsey Anderson's 'Bachelor' hometown date in New Orleans 5 hrs ago Saffron the opposum's sibling, a pup named Garlic, attacked by dog in New Orleans 6 hrs ago Woman fatally stabs convicted sex offender who tried to assault her in northshore laundromat 6 hrs ago Trevor Penning, LSU’s Nabers and Thomas, Caitlin Clark: Garland Gillen on Dattitude, Ep. 210 6 hrs ago Don't Miss This Where NOLA Eats Ian McNulty: Chef John Folse holds a boucherie for the ages, and for the next generation The butchers began gathering before sunrise. The bar was open not long after that, with whis… Business News Proposed apartment complex near English Turn in Algiers may face extended building ban The City Council could vote this week on a proposed ordinance to extend a development ban ne… Business News Could Louisiana be the 'Silicon Valley' of green energy? Huge LSU-led grant pushes for it. In 1901, the twin oil discoveries of the historic Spindletop well in Beaumont, Texas, and Lo… Business News A crab trap rodeo on Lake Maurepas: How Louisiana fights 'ghost fishing' of prized blue crabs Reaching out of the boat with a long metal hook, marine biologist Parker White snagged the s… Crime/Police As Louisiana execution methods expand, will electric chair Gruesome Gertie return to action? Louisiana's notorious electric chair sits in a prison museum as Gov. Landry weighs bill to a… Courts 'Financial death penalty:' Louisiana siblings awarded $216M after stepfather murdered mother Siblings from Broussard were awarded more than $200 million in damages by a Lafayette judge … Sports Scott Rabalais: LSU women's team looks formidable but fragile heading into postseason The LSU women’s basketball team is unquestionably on a roll heading into the postseason. Tulane's Jaylen Forbes: no dissension, no quit on struggling basketball team Forbes made an angry post on X he deleted later after a loss to Florida Atlantic on Saturday, but he said his frustration had nothing to do with coaches or teammates as Tulane prepared to play at league champion South Florida. These standout performers from the NFL Combine could fit what the Saints look for Now that the 2024 NFL Scouting Combine is in the books, we can begin the process of paring down who and who may not make sense for the New Orleans Saints when they are on the clock for April’s NFL draft. Here’s a look at the 6 New Orleans area boys basketball teams at the state tournament The No. 4 LSU softball team can claim one thing no other program can right now LSU basketball coach Matt McMahon has suspended one of his star players Tulane baseball team doing a lot of things right entering test at Nicholls 2024 NFC South odds: Who's favored out of Falcons, Bucs, Saints? Who was the best boys athlete on the Northshore for the week of Feb. 26 - March 2? Vote now. Business Three men cited for taking thousands of oysters from polluted waters in Terrebonne Parish A Theriot man was arrested and two Dulac men were cited after they allegedly harvested thousands of oysters from Terrebonne Parish waters that had been closed due to fecal bacterial contamination. Proposed apartment complex near English Turn in Algiers may face extended building ban The City Council could vote this week on a proposed ordinance to extend a development ban near English Turn for another six months, as the neighborhood continues to rail against a controversial multi-family housing development proposed for the area. Could Louisiana be the 'Silicon Valley' of green energy? Huge LSU-led grant pushes for it. In 1901, the twin oil discoveries of the historic Spindletop well in Beaumont, Texas, and Louisiana's first successful well in a Jennings rice field paved the way for the growth of an energy industry that modernized the Gulf South. A crab trap rodeo on Lake Maurepas: How Louisiana fights 'ghost fishing' of prized blue crabs Louisiana added a record number of jobs last year. What's behind the uptick? Can New Orleans' desolate Spanish Plaza be revived? It may depend on Riverwalk. There's a plan. LABI names officers, national honors for Baton Rouge contractors Personnel moves at Jones Walker, Windsor Court Louisiana insurance companies get new owner, applications open for SBA training Special Reports New analysis shows 740 chemical sites in Louisiana are at risk from storms. Are they ready? For days after Hurricane Ida, Chandra Straw’s New Orleans neighborhood was choked by waves o… Louisiana 2050: Rising seas will upend life. Time is running out to limit the impact. A special report from The Times-Picayune | The Advocate examines Louisiana's perilous future… Watch: What's Louisiana's future by 2050 with rising sea levels, land loss? Louisiana 2050: Rising sea levels will upend life and bring new risk to the state over the n… A Bleeding City: The plague of violence in New Orleans New Orleans has regained the title of the nation's murder capital, after an 11-year hiatus. … Entertainment With St. Patrick’s Day coming up, a fight brews over future of Tracey’s Irish Channel bar Green décor is going up all around the Irish Channel in preparation for the upcoming St. Patrick’s Day parade and block parties in the New Orleans neighborhood. But the emergence of a familiar bar name on a property that’s been a key to those parties has revealed a battle underway over its future. Olivia Rodrigo's love letter to NOLA includes a French Quarter bar fit for 'blood suckers' After the spilling her "GUTS" during her sold-out concert in New Orleans, Olivia Rodrigo posted a thank you to the Crescent City and checked out a restaurant that shares its name with one of her hit singles. Here's how, where to watch Kelsey Anderson's 'Bachelor' hometown date in New Orleans New Orleans may not have the reputation as the city of love, but "The Bachelor" contestant Kelsey Anderson will show off the Crescent City's romantic side when she brings lead Joey Graziadei home to meet her family in tonight's episode. Saffron the opposum's sibling, a pup named Garlic, attacked by dog in New Orleans Three men cited for taking thousands of oysters from polluted waters in Terrebonne Parish Get rid of dated decor pieces, but hold on to the memories behind them A New Orleans Saints player is exposed as a big fan of Netflix hit 'Love is Blind' St. Charles Parish plantation is long gone, but there are plenty of reminders in Norco From the tiny town of St. Joseph, Rebecca Vizard's pillows go all over the world Opinions In Focus: What matters in education Louisiana Schools Superintendent Cade Brumley recently listed his priorities on education, which include expanding school choice, improving reading and math instruction and making tutoring more widely available. With a slate of education proposals expected in the upcoming regular session, we… Walt Handelsman: Colorado ruling Letters: James Gill fondly remembered, even by one who felt his sting James Gill was an exceptional member of our local press corps. I was shocked and deeply saddened to read of his passing. His death caused me to recall the great investigative reporter, Doug Murphy, whose untimely death left an earlier hole in the news media’s ranks. Letters: Look at DWF Secretary Madison Sheahan's accomplishments Letters: My father was murdered. Louisiana isn't addressing real issues with crime. Letters: Permitless carry is 'a perilous gamble with public safety' Letters: GOP members of Congress need to show courage on Ukraine Letters: No good reason for Saints to move training camp Bob Marshall: Welcome to Louisiana, which Jeff Landry may soon rename 'Oilyana' Most Popular Nearly 8,000 without power in 7th Ward, Bywater after Entergy service pole cut with chainsaw 'Financial death penalty:' Louisiana siblings awarded $216M after stepfather murdered mother A crab trap rodeo on Lake Maurepas: How Louisiana fights 'ghost fishing' of prized blue crabs Ian McNulty: Chef John Folse holds a boucherie for the ages, and for the next generation Saffron the opposum's sibling, a pup named Garlic, attacked by dog in New Orleans Why a Metairie woman is trying to grow the 'Spoonies' community in New Orleans Who was the best girls athlete on the Northshore for week of Feb. 26 - March 2? Vote now. Woman fatally stabs convicted sex offender who tried to assault her in northshore laundromat Can New Orleans' desolate Spanish Plaza be revived? It may depend on Riverwalk. There's a plan. Proposed apartment complex near English Turn in Algiers may face extended building ban Photos Photos: Algiers Friendship Day celebration awash in green for St. Patrick's-themed fun Photos: Tulane shuts out Yale in baseball action at Turchin Stadium in New Orleans Photos: Olivia Rodrigo lights up Smoothie King Center during sold-out concert in New Orleans Photos: John Curtis Captures Divison I Select State Title Over Woodlawn Photos: Music returns to the Dew Drop Inn in New Orleans Photos: New Orleans Pelicans throttle Indiana Pacers at Smoothie King Center Photos: Burned Treme home stands before planned demolition Adore magazine Well Groomed: 9 Options for the Big Day Something New: Personal Touches for Your Wedding Day Need Weekend Plans? Check out these 4 Events Spotlight Adore: March 2024 2024 The Acadiana Advocate Mardi Gras Section Adore: January 2024 Higher Education - 2023 Debutante Coterie 2023-24 In Loving Memory: October - December 2023 Sections Home News Opinion Sports Entertainment/Life Newsletters Games Services Classifieds Search Subscribe Digital Advertising Help/Contact Us RSS Feeds Media Kit eEdition Careers Teacher's Link Reviewing the Record Our Sites Obituaries Jobs Celebrations NIE Classifieds Homes Pets Archives Store Contact Information nola.com 840 St. Charles Avenue New Orleans, LA 70130 Phone: 504-529-0522 News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com Need help? Report a delivery issue Create a temporary stop Sign up for recurring payments Pay your bill Update your billing info × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 NOLA.com 840 St. Charles Avenue, New Orleans, LA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.