Road Trip Planner – Build your itinerary and find the best stops Mobile Menu Roadtrippers Roadtrippers Magazine National Parks Scenic Routes Voices from the Road Route 66 Video Extraordinary Places Road Trip Ideas by State Read the Latest Stories Membership RV GPS Member Deals Get Roadtrippers Plan Your Trip Trip Planner Trip Guides Plan Your Trip Explore Places Where are you starting? Valid location required Where are you going? Valid location required Go Where would you like to explore? Where are you exploring? Valid location required Go Auto Travel RV Travel Log In Sign Up Plan a Road Trip Sign out Turn your road tripinto an adventure. Find amazing stops along your route. Create a Route Explore Destinations Where are you starting? Valid location required Where are you going? Valid location required Go Where would you like to explore? Where are you exploring? Valid location required Go Auto Travel RV Travel What are you looking for? What are you looking for? Offbeat Local Favorites Places to Camp Pop Culture Veg Friendly Unique Stays National Parks Activities & Experiences I'll decide when I get there Not sure where to go? Check out our favorite trips Find amazing stops along your route. The Gemini Giant Wilmington, IL World's Largest Catsup Bottle Collinsville, IL Blue Whale of Catoosa Catoosa, OK Golden Driller Tulsa, OK Albuquerque Albuquerque, NM You’re always a short detour from an Extraordinary Place Our collection of more than 300 Extraordinary Places will take your trip to the next level. Look for the illustrations on our maps and read our takes on what make these places so special. We’ve been there, and we think you should go, too. Yellowstone National Park Mammoth, WY Start TripExplore Salvation Mountain Niland, CA Start TripExplore Walt Disney World Lake Buena Vista, FL Start TripExplore Blue Whale of Catoosa Catoosa, OK Start TripExplore Mount Rushmore National Memorial Keystone, SD Start TripExplore Graceland Mansion Memphis, TN Start TripExplore Glacier National Park West Glacier, MT Start TripExplore World's Largest Buffalo Monument Jamestown, ND Start TripExplore Yosemite National Park Yosemite Valley, CA Start TripExplore Cadillac Ranch Amarillo, TX Start TripExplore Acadia National Park Bar Harbor, ME Start TripExplore Mothman Statue Point Pleasant, WV Start TripExplore Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon Village, AZ Start TripExplore Statue of Liberty Liberty Island, NY Start TripExplore Las Vegas Strip Paradise, NV Start TripExplore The Fremont Troll Seattle, WA Start TripExplore Our collection of more than 300 Extraordinary Places will take your trip to the next level. Look for the illustrations on our maps and read our takes on what make these places so special. We’ve been there, and we think you should go, too. Want to see more? Explore the map Build your perfect road trip Tell us where you want to go and what you'd like to see and do. Roadtrippers will help you find all the best stops along the way. Places to Camp Sights & Attractions The Great Outdoors Bars & Restaurants Hotels & Unique Stays Activities & Experiences Fuel & Rest Stops Shopping Tell us where you want to go and what you'd like to see and do. Roadtrippers will help you find all the best stops along the way. See what's on your route. Explore the map On all your devices Any trips you've saved or places you love will sync automatically across devices. Find our apps Any trips you've saved or places you love will sync automatically across devices. In-app RV navigation Hit the road with safety and ease by using turn-by-turn directions, designed specifically for your RV. Simply enter your rig’s size and propane restrictions, and we’ll find the best routes to your next destination. Get RV GPS Hit the road with safety and ease by using turn-by-turn directions, designed specifically for your RV. Simply enter your rig’s size and propane restrictions, and we’ll find the best routes to your next destination. Get RV GPS Ready to start your adventure? Plan your road trip Install the app Keep exploring with the Roadtrippers mobile apps. Anything you plan or save automagically syncs with the apps, ready for you when you hit the road! Download from Apple App Store Download from Google Play Store Connect with us and hit up #roadtrippers Tall tales, trip guides, and the weird and wonderful. Visit our Twitter page Visit our Facebook page Visit our Instagram page Visit our Pinterest page Visit our LinkedIn page Visit our YouTube page About About Us Careers Roadpass Digital Mobile Apps Destinations and Routes Support Media Center Contact Business Tools Partnerships Affiliate Program Get Inspired Road trip ideas by state National parks Famous routes Voices from the Road The Latest What to Expect When Replacing Your RV RoofStaying connected on the road: A guide to RV WiFi30 years after ‘Shawshank Redemption,’ fans still flock to the Ohio State Reformatory Roadtrippers - Home Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © Roadtrippers, LLC 2024 Close main nav Home Magazine Trip guides Voices from the Road Destinations Trip Planner Mobile app Profile Sign up Log in Sign out Sign up Log in Sign out ROADTRIPPERS MEMBERSHIP ABOUT CONTACT SUPPORT Plan your journey, find amazing places, and take fascinating detours with our app. Download from Play Store Download from Apple App Store Close popup Log in to your account. Username or Email address Password Forgot password? Log in or Continue with Roadpass Continue with Facebook Continue with Apple Don’t have an account? Sign up Close popup Sign up to savetrips, places, and more. I want inspiring road trip stories, extraordinary destinations, and special offers sent right to my inbox. Sign up using your email address Username Email Address Password Sign up or Continue with Facebook Continue with Apple By creating an account, you agree with our terms and confirm that you have read our privacy policy. Already have an account? Log in Close popup Uh Oh! We couldn't find an existing Roadtrippers account using that service. Please try signing in with another option or create a new account with Roadpass. Contact Support Close Close popup One more thing! We need your email address to send you trip itineraries and other updates. Email Address Email is required for new accounts Save Email Cancel