A Better You, Every day · Mindvalley Skip to content en A better you, every day Be part of the world's most powerful life transformation platform Join Mindvalley Now Explore programs The most effective life transformation platform in the world Watch: CNN’s Zain Asher talks about Mindvalley changing her life Read over other 20,000 Case Studies of lives transformed by Mindvalley Read stories stories of transformation Case studies from Mindvalley students worldwide Read Stories What’s New ‹ › Eric Edmeades Naveen Jain Shawn Wells Jaspreet Singh "Mindvalley is building the next Harvard or Stanford of our time…" Naveen Jain Iconic American Entrepreneur, Founder of Moon Express, Viome "The best thing to happen to me in the most uncertain time of my life!" Leah Marville Attorney, Miss Barbados 2009 "Mindvalley online programs are a truly invaluable learning experience for me" Bianca Ioana Romanian Women's World Karate Champion "I practice The 6 Phase Meditation" Tony Gonzalez Athlete, Host, NFL Hall of Fame "Mindvalley is the best personal growth company out there" Camilla Hanssen Founder, Camilla Organics, Miss Sweden 2015 "One year ahead now, more than 70% of the employees claimed loving this platform..." Daniel Sierra General Manager, Duracell Mexico "What Mindvalley gave me is a feeling of certainty and belonging" Helena Houdova Czech Supermodel and Humanitarian "I couldn't be more grateful to Vishen for creating the Mindvalley app" Heidy De La Rosa Actress, Model "Mindvalley is building the next Harvard or Stanford of our time…" Naveen Jain Iconic American Entrepreneur, Founder of Moon Express, Viome "The best thing to happen to me in the most uncertain time of my life!" Leah Marville Attorney, Miss Barbados 2009 "Mindvalley online programs are a truly invaluable learning experience for me" Bianca Ioana Romanian Women's World Karate Champion "I practice The 6 Phase Meditation" Tony Gonzalez Athlete, Host, NFL Hall of Fame "Mindvalley is the best personal growth company out there" Camilla Hanssen Founder, Camilla Organics, Miss Sweden 2015 "One year ahead now, more than 70% of the employees claimed loving this platform..." Daniel Sierra General Manager, Duracell Mexico "What Mindvalley gave me is a feeling of certainty and belonging" Helena Houdova Czech Supermodel and Humanitarian "I couldn't be more grateful to Vishen for creating the Mindvalley app" Heidy De La Rosa Actress, Model "Mindvalley is building the next Harvard or Stanford of our time…" Naveen Jain Iconic American Entrepreneur, Founder of Moon Express, Viome "The best thing to happen to me in the most uncertain time of my life!" Leah Marville Attorney, Miss Barbados 2009 "Mindvalley online programs are a truly invaluable learning experience for me" Bianca Ioana Romanian Women's World Karate Champion "I practice The 6 Phase Meditation" Tony Gonzalez Athlete, Host, NFL Hall of Fame How Mindvalley works Learn Level up your life with the world’s best trainers & programs. “I have viewed and incorporated many new trainings into my daily living... I am pumped up and feel that my potential for growth is limitless” Tammy Mansfield Automotive Sales Public speaking Altered states of mind Brain performance Self-confidence Inner engineering Networking & leadership Conscious parenting Manifestation Millennial entrepreneurship Growing businesses Emotional money intelligence Extreme resilience Meditation for productivity Becoming indistractible Disruptive entrepreneurship Love relationships Stress control, calm and peace Biohacking Body transformation Evolution of consciousness Integral theory Spiritual evolution Peak performance Energy medicine See all programs Connect Be part of a community that supports you. “It’s a community that brings together like-minded individuals to co-create their journeys in a very welcoming and safe space.” Chris Mealing Firefighter Transform Get results that last a lifetime. Your transformation begins here. “This caused a big mind shift and made me find my purpose. As a result, I have launched my online coaching business” Elena Pawęta Executive Communication Coach Case studies of success Mindvalley has some of the highest success rates in the world at transforming our learners. Browse case studies and stories of success on stories.mindvalley.com. Read our stories Stories of transformation from {{auto_country}} Browse 20,000+ stories Become a member today Get access for less than $1.50 a day Quests Enjoy unlimited access to 100+ transformative programs covering every area of personal development in our extensive vault. Meditations & Healing Sounds Immerse yourself in over 1000 guided meditations & sounds for relaxation, focus, healing, and more. Community Get access to Mindvalley’s private social network to connect, share wisdom, and grow with members in your city and globally. Events Take part in virtual and real-world events throughout the year, featuring Mindvalley teachers and special guests. Become a member