Distant Horizon - Chicago Web Design 773-932-7483 Toggle navigation MENU Directions MAP Call CALL E-mail EMAIL Home About Us Our Company Our Team Our Advertising News Policies Acquisitions Solutions The Virtual Marketing Department Corporate Content Management E-Commerce School District Content Management Services Responsive Web Design Marketing Automation CRM (Customer Relationship Management) CMS (Content Management Systems) E-commerce / Catalog E-mail Marketing Intranet / Extranet Development Radio Advertising Remarketing / Retargeting Expressway Billboard Advertising Direct Mail Advertising Directory Development Contact EXPERIENCE Web Development Marketing Automation Strategy Our Work Portfolio Case Studies Product Marketplace Directory Initiatives For IPPI Members Illinois Supply Company Florian Tools Cubbie Home Home About Us Our Company Our Team Our Advertising News Policies Acquisitions Solutions The Virtual Marketing Department Corporate Content Management E-Commerce School District Content Management Services Responsive Web Design Marketing Automation CRM (Customer Relationship Management) CMS (Content Management Systems) E-commerce / Catalog E-mail Marketing Intranet / Extranet Development Radio Advertising Remarketing / Retargeting Expressway Billboard Advertising Direct Mail Advertising Directory Development EXPERIENCE Web Development Marketing Automation Strategy Contact Our Work Portfolio Case Studies Product Marketplace Directory Initiatives For IPPI Members Illinois Supply Company Florian Tools Cubbie Home PERSPECTIVE IS THE BASIS FOR STRATEGY 800 Web Sites Developed 21 Years of Experience We Serve as the Marketing Department for 30 Chicago Companies WE KNOW THE WEB WE KNOW THE MARKETING WE'LL LEARN YOUR BUSINESS 800 Web Sites Developed 21 Years of Experience Ready to be your Virtual Marketing Department THE BEST MARKETING IS THE MARKETING THAT GETS DONE ARE YOU FOLLOWING THROUGH? 800 Web Sites Developed 21 Years of Experience We Serve as the Marketing Department for 20 Chicago Companies PERSPECTIVE IS THE BASIS FOR STRATEGY 800 Web Sites Developed 21 Years of Experience We Serve as the Marketing Department for 30 Chicago Companies × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select The Proven Structure CMS – Web / CRM / E-Com / Extranet A CMS for mid-sized corporations, manufacturers and school districts. Designed In Chicago. Tell Us About Your Business × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select Rapid Deployment When you have a great idea, the key is to launch fast while enthusiasm is highest. Our sites don't languish in a test environment for months. We like to go live. We Like The Details Perhaps the riskiest part of hiring a new web developer is the temptation to choose on glitz and glam. We take the time to understand your unique proposal to the marketplace. Realistic Price Points We offer affordable options with multiple features for projects of all sizes, from single pages for small businesses to large corporate websites with integrated intranet. × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select Capabilities × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select Responsive Web Design We approach the design process from the eyes of a business owner. You have specific goals in mind, and we have the tools to make that happen. Read More + E-Commerce A fully customizable system designed for catalogs, retail stores, wholesalers, and distributors. Read More + Marketing Automation We strive to use one system for both CRM and marketing automation, adjusted for your individual needs. Read More + Corporate Intranet / Extranet Intranets and extranets have been proven to improve employee productivity and build a company culture focused on collaboration. Read More + × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select Customer Service Most Changes Can Be Done in 24 Hours Easily Submit Change Requests Online Self-Maintainable Content Packages Professional Front-End Maintenance Submit Change Request Most manufacturing, educational and corporate projects require that everyone's attention span last well past the design phase. Someone has to get case studies written. Someone has to reach out to the engineers. Someone has to take the time to understand your unique proposal to the marketplace. We maintain a relationship with your company to ensure that your project gets DONE. × Add Content Cancel Add × Image Library Choose one image: Cancel Select About Us Distant Horizon is an advertising, web site development and e-commerce consulting firm based in the Chicago suburbs. We were founded in June of 1999, making us one of the longest continuously running web site development and hosting companies in Chicagoland. The mission of our company is to be the obvious choice for web design, hosting, search engine optimization and e-commerce for small and mid-sized businesses. × Delete Row Are you sure you to want to delete this row ? Cancel Delete Distant Horizon specializes in responsive web design, marketing automation, CRM implementation and content management. We have extensive experience in corporate web site and intranet development and school district web site development. Featured Projects Sieb Sales Feece Oil Co. Drs. Girgis & Associates Summit Hill School District Illinois Supply Company Useful Links Home About Us Products & Programs Services Portfolio EXPERIENCE Contact Distant Horizon, Inc. Distant Horizon is an advertising agency, web site developer and e-commerce consulting firm based in Chicago, Illinois. P.O. Box 574 Frankfort, IL 60423 Phone: 773-932-7483 ©1999-2024 Distant Horizon, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Internet Minute, Rapid Deployment E-Commerce, Proven Structure CMS and the Virtual Marketing Department are all trademarks of the Distant Horizon Network. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy