Home | Everytown Skip to content Use Accessible Colors You are leaving You will be redirected momentarily. Close Menu Home About Work Issues Solutions States News Blog Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Tumblr Join Us Close Banner Donate to support our work to end gun violence. Donate Now Explore Close The Community Moms Demand Action Students Demand Action Survivor Network The Fight Everytown The Facts Research & Policy The Initiatives Support Fund The Courtroom Everytown Law The Coalition Mayors The Store Store Search Take Action Donate About Victories Our History Our Organizational Values What We Do Work Issues City Gun Violence Domestic Violence Guns in Schools Mass Shootings All Issues Solutions Background Checks Extreme Risk Laws Prohibit Assault Weapons Repeal Shoot First Laws All Solutions States News Press Releases Media Highlights All News Blog Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Tumblr Join Open Menu About Victories Our History Our Organizational Values What We Do Work Issues City Gun Violence Domestic Violence Guns in Schools Mass Shootings All Issues Solutions Background Checks Extreme Risk Laws Prohibit Assault Weapons Repeal Shoot First Laws All Solutions States News Press Releases Media Highlights All News Blog Open Menu Join Happening Now Hold the Gun Industry Accountable Tell Congress to Pass an Assault Weapons Ban Donate to Everytown Volunteer We Took Down The NRA. Now, We're Taking On The Gun Industry. You helped us take down the NRA. But the truth is: there’s a handful of gun industry-backed groups waiting to fill the dangerous void left in the NRA’s absence. And each year, gun companies continue to rake in huge profits, all while our communities reel from the devastation caused by their weapons. So now, we’re taking on the gun industry. Add Your Name Tell Congress to pass an Assault Weapons Ban Now We shouldn’t have to live like this—and we won’t stand for inaction from our lawmakers any longer. Send a message urging your U.S. Senators and Representative to pass an Assault Weapons Ban now. Tell Congress Give to Everytown and Help Save Lives Every day, 120 Americans are killed with guns. Your generous donation helps us work to prevent gun violence. Donate Now Volunteer with Us Find an event near you and join our grassroots movement to end gun violence. Volunteer We have a plan to end gun violence. One at a time. Background Checks on All Gun Sales Prohibit Assault Weapons Repeal Gun Industry Immunity Add your email News What the NRA Trial Verdict Means for the Future of the NRA “It’s clear that the NRA is no longer able to function as the gun industry’s shield, and this verdict signifies the end of an era for an organization that has caused irreparable damage to our country.” We are working on Guns in Schools We need meaningful strategies to keep our nation’s schools safe. Black Stories Not Another Child: If There Is a Survivor in Need of Support, We Are There Gun dealers play an important role in keeping communities safe. In 2022, there were nearly 78,000 licensed gun dealers in the United States—more than all McDonald’s, Burger King, Subway, and Wendy’s locations combined. This report spells out the basic facts about licensed dealers and the relationship between these dealers and gun crimes. Read the Report Everytown starts with you, and it starts in your town. Gun violence touches every town in America. For too long, change has been thwarted by the gun lobby and by leaders who refuse to take common-sense steps that will save lives. About Everytown Wear your support for gun safety. Every merch purchase you make supports our efforts to end gun violence. Shop Now 120 Did you know? Every day, more than 120 people in the United States are killed with guns, twice as many are shot and wounded and countless others are impacted by acts of gun violence. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. WONDER Online Database, Underlying Cause of Death. A yearly average was developed using four years of the most recent available data: 2018 to 2021. Last updated: 2.13.2023 Contact Jobs Frequently Asked Questions Internal Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) and Anti-Racism Work Statement on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) and Anti-Racism Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Use Accessible Colors Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund® ©2024 Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund. EVERYTOWN, the EVERYTOWN FOR GUN SAFETY logo, and the flag design are trademarks or registered trademarks of Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund, Inc. Search States Issues Solutions Ways To Give Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund® ©2024 Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund. EVERYTOWN, the EVERYTOWN FOR GUN SAFETY logo, and the flag design are trademarks or registered trademarks of Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund, Inc. Nearly 10 million people have joined the movement. Add your email