Omaha News | Omaha World Herald | Read Omaha, NE and Nebraska breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles Skip to main contentSkip to main content 29° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Region Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Cartoons Sports Huskers Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone Local Sports Professional Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Omaha Dines Contests Comics Puzzles Columns Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Wedding Essentials Inspired Living Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Omaha World-Herald Archives Our Properties Airpulse Sarpy County Times Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Woodhouse Marketplace Shop Local Today's Deal OWH Store Public Notices Submit a Public Notice for Omaha World-Herald SNI Public Notices Customer Service Manage Omaha Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Signup Subscribe Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Midwest Spelling Bee Contact Us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Employees | Guest Wi-Fi Facebook Twitter Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Huskers Life & Entertainment Jobs Woodhouse 29° Sunny How former Nebraska lineman Jeff Chaney became steward of $60M Texas prep football palace Former Nebraska offensive lineman Jeff Chaney is the steward of one of the biggest and best Texas prep football facilities dedicated to a single school. Evan Bland has the story. After loss of coach Brad Feeken, Gretna's emotional season continues at state tournament There are moments that make you choke up. The video of Brad Feeken’s daughter cutting down the nets after Gretna won its district was one of those. The Dragon's emotional journey continues at the state tournament. As Nebraska aims for Big Ten tournament double bye, Iowa surges and Wisconsin flails Nebraska has one regular-season game remaining and a myriad of scenarios for the Big Ten tournament still in play. Here's a look at all of them. In internal memo, Omaha police warn of "large increase" in meth trafficking from Mexican cartels In a bulletin disseminated to all Omaha Police Department officers, police leadership alerted officers to a "large increase" in narcotics distribution across the city. Omaha Public Schools board approves Matt Ray's superintendent contract Matt Ray, the next OPS superintendent, will receive $336,500 annual base pay, plus other compensation. The contract approved Monday is for three years. Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen calls 40% property tax cut 'critical' to get done this year Gov. Jim Pillen expressed confidence at a town hall in Fremont that Nebraska will see a 40% property tax cut this year, even as the days tick down on the legislative session. Shatel: Nebraska fans made PBA one of the best home-court advantages in college basketball Pinnacle Bank Arena has become one of the best home-court advantages in the Big Ten, not to mention all of college basketball. And that had everything to do with the fans, writes Tom Shatel. 127-year-old gas main leaks, causing lane closures on Omaha's Dodge Street Ground movement caused a leak last week in 127-year-old cast-iron gas main on Dodge Street. The leak is fixed, but two lanes of Dodge remain closed at 33rd Street for concrete repair. Woman armed with knife told Omaha priest she was in rectory 'to do terrible things' Sounds of shattering glass startled the Rev. Damian Zuerlein from his sleep Sunday and he opened his bedroom door to find a woman armed with "a filet knife." Omaha teen to stand trial on murder charge in Casey's Gas Station shooting A 16-year-old Omaha boy accused of killing one person and injuring two others during a January shooting at Casey's Gas Station was ordered to stand trial on first-degree murder and assault charges. 'Hamilton' and 'Funny Girl' are among the Broadway shows coming to Omaha If you haven't seen "Hamilton" in person, you won't want to miss your shot next year. The Broadway musical is returning to Omaha's Orpheum Theater. Creighton men's basketball moves into Top 10 in latest AP poll Consecutive wins over two of the top teams in the Big East helped move Creighton into the Top 10 in this week’s Associated Press Top 25. Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen vetoes bill to allow hypodermic needle distribution Gov. Jim Pillen vetoed a bill that would allow Nebraska jurisdictions to distribute hypodermic needles to drug users to reduce the spread of infectious diseases. An override attempt is expected. Name of baby elephant at Omaha's zoo means 'warrior' The new baby African elephant at Omaha’s Henry Doorly Zoo & Aquarium has been named. Where Creighton, Nebraska and Omaha basketball land in the latest NET rankings While the Creighton basketball teams held steady in this week’s NET rankings, the Nebraska ones experienced a dip after road losses. Sam McKewon breaks down where the local teams are at. 22-year-old man arrested after fatal shooting in Omaha's Old Market A 22-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of manslaughter Monday following a shooting in the Old Market neighborhood. Pospisil: Predicting the Nebraska state boys basketball tournament champions In his annual prediction column, Stu Pospisil predicts who will be crowned champion at the Nebraska high school state boys basketball tournament. New Omaha food truck from owner of Dire Lion plans pop-ups Crunch Factor, a new food truck from the owner of the Dire Lion, is about to launch a series of pop-ups. 'I can do it': Omaha Buena Vista speech team flourishes in just its second year After one person medaled in a speech competition for Buena Vista High School, it changed everything. “The whole team realized, ‘I can do it,’” coach Kat Duvall said. With Nebraska's shot clock expansion, time is running out on old-school basketball strategy Nebraska high school basketball will be fully on the shot clock next season. All classes, big schools and small. Ending an old-school strategy that's been perfected by some, and none more than Auburn coach Jim Weeks. In his last home game, Nebraska's Keisei Tominaga once again lives up to the hype Over three years at Nebraska, Keisei Tominaga earned a reputation as someone who could heat up at a moment’s notice. It was fitting that in his last game in Lincoln, he lived up to it. Omaha, MECA eye $175 million convention center expansion to lure more visitors Plans are in the works for a $175 million expansion of Omaha's convention center that officials say would give tourism a boost and add to Omaha's flourishing riverfront. Nebraska basketball notes: Kevin McHale's praise, PBA rocks again and Josiah Allick's fur coat From Kevin McHale's praise to Josiah Allick's faux fur coat, check out Sam McKewon's notes after Nebraska basketball's win over Rutgers. Moore: 3 takes from Nebraska's win over Rutgers on Senior Night Check out Wilson Moore's three takeaways from Nebraska basketball's win over Rutgers on Senior Night. McKewon: Nebraska football should think like Jim Harbaugh as CFP expands its field Turns out that might be one perk — and only that — to Nebraska football missing seven straight bowl games. Sam McKewon breaks that down, plus Amy Williams' thoughts on Britt Prince and more. Teens arrested on suspicion of burglaries at three Omaha vape shops Two teenagers were booked into the Douglas County Youth Center early Sunday after being arrested on suspicion of burglaries at three Omaha vape shops. Over 400 turn out at Omaha mall to walk and roll for disability funding Over 400 participants brought in about $42,000 Sunday during the 20th annual Meyer Foundation Walk & Roll for Disabilities event at the Oak View Mall. Another late surge has Nebraska baseball finishing series sweep of Charleston More ninth-inning magic from Nebraska baseball delivered a three-game sweep Sunday afternoon over Charleston. Woman breaks into Omaha church rectory armed with knife; priest rescued from 2nd-floor window A 29-year-old woman was taken into custody Sunday after barricading herself in a south Omaha church rectory while armed with a knife. Omaha can expect a warm week with chances for rain A cool front building over the central Plains this week is expected to bring slightly cooler weather and chances for widespread rain to eastern Nebraska. Recommended For You Shatel: Nebraska fans made PBA one of the best home-court advantages in college basketball Woman armed with knife told Omaha priest she was in rectory 'to do terrible things' Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen calls 40% property tax cut 'critical' to get done this year The Latest Omaha homes for big families Omaha homes with at least five bedrooms. StratCom civilian indicted on charges of leaking classified war info on a dating site In a message “Co-Conspirator 1,” who was self-identified as a woman in Ukraine, allegedly sent the suspect a message asking “Dear, what is shown on the screens in the special room??” Scammers targeting Nebraska hospital patients Scammers are apparently targeting patients at Nebraska hospitals that have been hampered by a nationwide cyberattack. Facebook reinstates Nebraska Through the Lens page The Facebook page featuring photos of Nebraska that was canceled last week was reinstated Monday morning, its founder said. Interact With Us Find your new ride Nurses 2024 Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Latest Video Omaha's forecast, March 4-10 Gov. Jim Pillen explains veto of bill to allow hypodermic needle distribution Gov. Jim Pillen wants legislature to prevent foreign adversaries from buying land in Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen will work to get to 40% property tax relief number Sports Creighton women's basketball rises two spots in latest AP poll After closing the regular season with a road win over a Big East rival, Creighton women’s basketball moved up two spots in this week’s Associated Press Top 25. Creighton's Baylor Scheierman named the Big East Player of the Week Creighton guard Baylor Scheierman has been named the Big East Player of the Week. Rankings: Nebraska high school boys basketball, March 4 Check out the latest rankings for Nebraska high school boys basketball by Stu Pospisil. Creighton senior ties her career high in regular-season finale as Jays defeat Seton Hall The one senior who comes off the bench for No. 23 Creighton women's basketball came through with some of the biggest shots Sunday for the Bluejays. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Bottles & Barrels celebrates the luck of the Irish for St. Patrick’s Day Content by Bottles & Barrels. Customers will have an opportunity to sip and sample for themselves during their Celtic Spirits Showcase: A Journey through Irish Whiskies and Scotch event on Saturday, March 9, from 2 to 4 p.m. Sponsored Searching for the right career? Don’t miss SCC’s Discovery and Career Days Content by Southeast Community College. If you’re looking for career opportunities, you won’t want to miss the Discovery and Career Days at Southeast Community College — a series of special events designed to set you on the path to a productive and fulfilling life. Sponsored Beat the mid-winter blues at the 58th annual Omaha Home & Garden Expo Content by Mid America Expo. Don't miss the 58th annual Omaha Home & Garden Expo. It's the home and garden event of the year! Sponsored OrthoNebraska offers patients unique spine surgery Content by OrthoNebraska. Jami Frederick enjoyed living her life on the move. That is, until she began experiencing extreme pain in her lower back, making simple activities completely unbearable. Luckily, OrthoNebraska was able to help. Local Businesses Burke High School 12200 BURKE BLVD, OMAHA, NE 68154 Brookestone Meadows 600 BROOKESTONE MEADOWS PLAZA, ELKHORN, NE 68022 Fareway Stores Inc 8900 WEST CENTER RD#106, OMAHA, NE 68124 Print Ads Omaha SCHWEITZER AUCTION SERVICE Omaha CITY OF OMAHA-VEHICLE IMPOUND FACILITY, CITY OF OMAHA Omaha MIRACLE EAR/IOWA HEARING ASSOCIATES Omaha FINNEGAN, KOLTON Omaha AL HUGHES AUCTION SERVICE Omaha BOTTLES & BARRELS Omaha OWH ADVERTISING Omaha NEW CASSEL Omaha THE TRAVEL ADVANTAGE Omaha LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR, CROSS SELLS × Facebook Twitter Instagram Sites & Partners Air Pulse Sarpy County Times Public Notices Inspire Omaha Big Red Brunch Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise with us Photo Submissions Join our Team Newsletters Become a Carrier Licensing © Copyright 2024 Omaha World-Herald, 1314 Douglas St., Suite 600 Omaha, NE 68102 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics all Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Huskers Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe