hsdl.org | Homeland Security Digital Library at NPS Skip to content About Request Access Log In Organization Access {{organization}} Log Out {{firstname}} {{lastname}} Homeland Security Digital Library Collections Menu Toggle Collection menuGeneral U.S. Policy Documents Major Legislation National Strategy Documents Presidential Documents Congressional Research Service (CRS) Reports & Issue Briefs Government Accountability Office (GAO) Reports & Testimony Restricted Collection Naval Postgraduate School Theses & Research Reports Presidential Documents Critical Releases in Homeland Security Exercises and Lessons Learned After Action Reports Congressional Hearings & Testimony Research Tools In Focus Menu Toggle In Focus menuCOVID-19 Resource Archive Active Shooters Artificial Intelligence Border Security Climate Change Cyber Crime and National Security Cyber Infrastructure Protection Cyber Policy Disaster Economics Disinformation Domestic Terrorism in the US 60+ more topics HSDL Blog Timeline {{option}} Search Contains {{option}} All of the words Any of the words Exact phrase Without the words Publish Date Collection {{option}} Restricted collection Search Staff Options Advanced Search Homeland Security Digital Library Main Menu {{option}} Search Contains {{option}} All of the words Any of the words Exact phrase Without the words Publish Date Collection {{option}} Restricted collection Search Staff Options Advanced Search Home Search Login Request Access Collections In Focus HSDL Blog Homeland Security Timeline Ask a Librarian About In Focus View All In Focus → Severe Winter Weather→ Artificial Intelligence→ Climate Change→ Global Terrorism→ Border Security→ Collections View All Collections → Exercises and Lessons Learned→ Government Accountability Office (GAO) Reports & Testimony→ Critical Releases in Homeland Security→ Congressional Hearings & Testimony→ How Can I Use the HSDL? Search for Resources Search over 250,000 librarian-selected resources related to homeland security policy, strategy, and organizational management. Learn more → Set New Content Alerts Save your search criteria and we will automatically email you a list of any matching resources added in the last week. Learn more → Ask a Librarian The HSDL librarians are homeland security experts. Ask for their guidance on brief, factual, mission-related inquiries. Learn more → HSDL Blog: On the Homefront View All from the Blog→ Ensuring Secure Elections in the Age of AI February 26, 2024 → In Case You Missed It: MMWR February 15, 2024 → Understanding Immigrant Access to Public Benefits: Eligibility and Obstacles February 6, 2024 → AI’s Impact on Democracy and Public Policy January 25, 2024 → Timeline of Homeland Security Events View All from the Timeline→ 2023October 7 2023 Domestic Tension Over Israeli-Hamas ConflictStarting Date of Event: October 7, 2023 According to the Congressional Research Service (CRS), Hamas militants based in the Gaza Strip initiated unexpected assaults on Israel on October 7, 2023, resulting in the deaths of Isralis and foreign nationals, including Americans. Hamas is a Palestinian Sunni Islamist organization that is…More about the event August 26 2023 Hurricane IdaliaAugust 26-31, 2023 Hurricane Idalia formed from a low-pressure area across Central America and grew along the Western part of the Caribbean Sea until it became a tropical storm and received its name. The hurricane developed into a Category 4 along the Gulf of Mexico and made landfall in Southern…More about the event August 8 2023 Maui WildfiresAugust 8, 2023 Dry conditions and high winds from the unseasonably hot weather fueled the August 8, 2023 wildfires on the Hawaiian islands of Maui and Hawaii. This devastating event left extensive property damage, loss of life, and at least 1000 missing persons in the initial days of the fires.…More about the event May 11 2023 End of COVID-19 PHE DeclarationMay 11, 2023: On March 13, 2020, the U.S. federal government declared COVID-19 a national emergency. This declaration enabled several policy changes including mandated COVID-19 data collection, establishing various public assistance programs, and enacting Title 42. Public law 118-3, approved on April 10, 2023, terminated the national emergency declaration (GPO).…More about the event → SearchAbout the HSDLAsk a LibrarianSubscriptions, Alerts to New ContentManage CHDS Account Request Access → Log in → Email General Support: hsdl@nps.eduTech Support chdstech@nps.edu Accessibility/Section 508 | Privacy The HSDL website uses cookies to enhance user experience and analyze site usage. By continuing to use this site, you are giving us your consent to do this.ACCEPTManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Scroll to Top