Richard Stallman's Personal Page Richard Stallman's Personal Site The photo comes from wikimedia.org "Richard_Stallman_at_LibrePlanet_2019" by Ruben Rodriguez I continue to be the Chief GNUisance of the GNU Project. This is my long-term commitment and I plan to continue. You may have heard or read critical statements about me; please make up your own mind. Political Articles | Political Notes | Talks | Airlines | Anti-Glossary | Archive | Ban face recognition | Books | Comics | Empire of the Megacorporations | Fiction | Glossary | GPG Key | Humor | Humorous Bio | Links | Media/Press/Bio | Non-Political Articles | The Four Factors of the Apocalypse | There Ought to Be a Law | Travel Experiences | Travel Photos | How I Do My Computing | RMS personal FAQ | Sayings | Scientific Links | Stallman on Love | Thanks | Site search: advanced Send comments/questions about the search engine to: rms at gnu dot org What's bad about: Airbnb | Amazon | Amtrak | Ancestry | Apple | Change.org | Cloudflare | Discord | Ebooks | Eventbrite | Evernote | Ex-Twitter | Facebook | Frito-Lay | Frontier | Google | Gofundme | Grubhub | In-N-Out Burger | Intel | LinkedIn | Lyft | Meetup | Microsoft | Netflix | Patreon | Pay Toilets | Skype | Slack | Spotify | Tesla | Threads | Ticketmaster | Uber | Wendy's | WhatsApp | Zoom | RSS site feed for the most recent political notes and new material. This is the personal web site of Richard Stallman. The views expressed here are my personal views, not those of the Free Software Foundation or the GNU Project. For the sake of separation, this site has always been hosted elsewhere and managed separately. If you want to send me GPG-encrypted mail, do not trust key servers! Some of them have phony keys under my name and email address, made by someone else as a trick. See gpg.html for my real key. Richard Stallman has cancer. Fortunately it is slow-growing and manageable follicular lymphoma. Treatment put it into remission, and he can expect to live many more years. However, he now has to be even more careful not to catch Covid-19. FSF Giving Guide Robert Reich explains how the bullshitter and Republicans are trying to spread chaos to discourage non-fascists from voting. After creating as much real chaos as they can, they pretend there is even more of it, hoping Americans will give up and not vote, or support a fascist strong man. I urge you to vote in Democratic primaries for the progressive candidate, if there is one. And in the final election I urge you to vote for Democrats, unless a liberal independent had a good chance of winning. Canadians: I suggest you seek election advice at a local chapter of a group that pushes to curb global heating and has the courage to say, "Canada should stop exporting fossil fuel." It will at least use the right goals to suggest who to vote for in your area. Join a Friday climate strike. That page is made by scraping Fridays for Future so you can get the information without running any Javascript code. I would be very glad if they made the information on their own site accessible from the Free World; then we could simply refer people to their site and do without the scraping etc. I am limiting the number of new political notes per day so as not to overload the volunteers who install new notes. If you'd like to help, please write to rms at gnu period org. Is your bank pressuring you to use biometric ID? If so, please write to rms at gnu dot org. It could be useful if you document what is happening. Please join the Free Software Foundation to support its work for your freedom. "They" is plural — for singular antecedents, use singular gender-neutral pronouns. Link Policy The largest part of the site is the political notes, and they are typically updated every day. I'm looking for people to send me examples of how proprietary programs have been designed to be addictive. check a few sites for me regularly and show me any new articles that I would like to see or link to. If you would like to help me in this way, please write to rms at gnu dot o r g. help me in maintaining stallman.org by occasionally looking for articles on a given point in the news. send me examples of how proprietary programs have been designed to cause programmed obsolescence of products. write site-specific Firefox extensions or local scripts to operate specific web sites. help maintain and operate savannah.gnu.org. experiment to find good ways to attach fruits to a Grav-mass tree. help web sites put free licenses on their Javascript code. Civil Liberties Minute: graphic by Susan Henson Americans, you may wish to copy this icon to your own page, as a way of showing what patriotism means to you. Upcoming talks [ No upcoming talks. ] Urgent action items US citizens: phone your congresscritter to call for ending Section 702 mass surveillance. If you phone, please spread the word! Main Switchboard: +1-202-224-3121 US citizens: call on Congress to show support for a Gaza ceasefire at Biden's State of the Union speech. US citizens: call on Biden to appoint the USPS governors who will fire Postmaster DeJoy. If you phone, please spread the word! White House: +1-202-456-1111 and (TTY/TDD) +1-202-456-6213 US citizens: call on Congress to defeat the Orwellean MAGA resolution about Jan 6. If you phone, please spread the word! Main Switchboard: +1-202-224-3121 US citizens: call on Congress to bar members of Congress, and their immediate family, from owning stock in companies that do business with the Pentagon. If you phone, please spread the word! Main Switchboard: +1-202-224-3121 US citizens: call on Congress to end disenfranchisement of ex-cons, nationwide. If you phone, please spread the word! Main Switchboard: +1-202-224-3121 Boycott Chevron, in the name of Steven Donziger. Recording of Guantanamero Listen to the recording of Guantanamero, a protest song written in Spanish. The recording is in Ogg Vorbis format. To install an Ogg Vorbis player, see the FSF's Ogg Players page. There Ought to Be a Law California is proposing an interesting approach towards antisocial media platforms. It is exciting that SB 976 turns towards restricting recommendation algorithms. But these options should not be limited to minors — every user should have this choice. (Please do not refer to teenagers as "children"; that feeds the US tendency to treat them like children and retard their development.) However, I suggest taking a step beyond just choosing to use or not use the platform's addiction system. Recommendation algorithms should be completely separated from platforms! If you want to use a nontrivial recommendation algorithm, you should be able to choose it yourself and use it anonymously. You could send it the URLs you want it to base its choices on. These might be some of the pages you had visited, and perhaps pages you had not visited. Then it should send you its recommendations. You could pass all, or just some, or none of those recommendations to the platform to look at them. AB 1949 is admirable because it gives a small boost to privacy for users of all ages, not only for children. It isn't enough, though — users should also be guaranteed the right and possibility to access through the Tor network and to use aliases. And collection of a user's data by the state should require a warrant against the user. The door plug that blew out of a Boeing 737 Max 9 airplane was missing four bolts meant to hold it in place. They were missing because Boeing maintenance removed them and did not put them back in again. Some workers actually made the mistake, but they were working as part of a work system that Boeing management was responsible for setting up and running. That's where the real fault is. I suggest passing a law to require aircraft manufacturing and repair companies to have a certain fraction of licensed commercial pilots on their boards. Perhaps 66%. Private equity is gobbling up large parts of the US nursing home business. This puts patients in danger since private equity can amass lots of money, create an oligopoly, and get away with abuses. The study suggests that "regulation may be needed." I will take a stronger stand and call for firm limits — perhaps even prohibiting private equity combinations from owning home nursing businesses. I'v also proposed prohibiting private equity from buying up lots of rental housing. It should be illegal for a store to charge different prices to customers depending on whether they identify themselves and/or hand over demanded personal data. More items where there ought to be a law. Quotes Here are some quotations that I particularly like. Most recent Political Notes and News Items (RSS Feed) You can now read the political notes on Mastodon. Black voters exploited for the liar4 March 2024 A supporter of the insurrectionist has used bullshit generators to make "photos" showing the insurrectionist with black supporters. They are fake. Natural habitat restoration goals, EU4 March 2024 The European Parliament has given preliminary approval to a directive requiring restoring natural ecosystems, with explicit quotas. The article fails to give any details about the concessions given to protesting farmers. I wish I knew what they were. Without specific information, I can only speculate that the farmers had some valid demands, and that a careful compromise could have grafted those more or less, but that right-wing politicians stirred them up to make extreme and harmful demands, which I hope they did not gain. Corporate monetary policies unsuitable4 March 2024 Why we need to overturn the "Citizens" United decision. Potential conscripts flee, Myanmar4 March 2024 Thousands of Burmese are trying to flee so they will not be conscripted into the Burmese army, which they consider to be an occupying enemy. The Burmese military goes to extreme lengths to prevent soldiers from defecting, but many manage to do it anyway. It is better to die than to fight for the dictators. if the people fleeing recognize that, and form groups ready to fight if they must, they have a better chance of surviving to escape. I wonder why Thailand is not letting refugees in. Is this due to China's influence in Thailand? (China backs the Burmese dictators.) If you know the answer, please tell me. Borders inspector sacked, UK4 March 2024 *Sacked UK borders inspector tells MPs he was removed "for doing his job".* The Tories appointed David Neal as "inspector of borders and immigration", meaning it was his job to report to a ministry about the cruelty that it was steadily finding ways to increase. When he saw the government had no interested in correcting the problems he reported, he told the public instead. US sanctions on settlers, Palestine4 March 2024 Proposing several kinds of US sanctions that would hit Israel's colonies in Palestinian territory, and the people and institutions located in them. The article continues with other ways to pressure Israel to move towards peace with Palestine. Gush Shalom (founded by Uri Avnery) launched a boycott in Israel of products made in those colonies. They withdrew the boycott when Israel adopted a law designed to bankrupt anyone in Israel who promoted it, but since I am not in Israel I continue to support that boycott. Very Urgent: Support Gaza ceasefire4 March 2024 US citizens: call on Congress to show support for a Gaza ceasefire at Biden's State of the Union speech. Beating disinformation4 March 2024 Sefton Delmer's propaganda messages to Germany induced Germans to doubt the validity of Hitler's propaganda. Ukrainians have learned from them. I wonder if there is a chance of applying these methods to the delusion of trumpet propaganda. Delmer had more than a clever idea: he had the resources of the British government available to carry out the idea. There are surely Americans who could try to do something like that -- but what institution would give them a voice loud enough to be noticed? Thug violence4 March 2024 London thugs knocked over a legal observer watching events at a rally for Palestine, leaving her unconscious and bleeding. There were 30 thugs in the group, and none of them attended to her injuries. This was not the only recent instance of violence by thugs toward legal observers. I can see why thugs might feel hostility towards legal observers, feeling that the observers' mission is to observe and report wrongdoing by thugs. But that is no excuse for violence against them. It should not be difficult for the department to determine from the video which thugs did what. Then we will see whether the department is sincere in saying that these actions are unacceptable. Urgent: End Section 7024 March 2024 US citizens: phone your congresscritter to call for ending Section 702 mass surveillance. If you phone, please spread the word! Main Switchboard: +1-202-224-3121 Global heating4 March 2024 US ski resorts are losing money because global heating has reduced the amount of snowfall. We can live without skiing, but reduced rain on farmland will make food scarce. Gaza aid4 March 2024 *Gaza airdrops might not be necessary if Israel faced more pressure on aid.* I agree with the article, but it will be hard to make delivery of aid from Israel itself function properly. It will always be easy to make snags occur, to set up regulations that will slow the flow based on whatever pretext. Sea delivery would avoid that problem because the aid would not pass through Israel. Texas wildfire4 March 2024 It is only March, but the Texas panhandle is so hot and try that the spreading giant wildfire is hard to control. Come June, normally 25F hotter, it may spread much faster and may be totally unstoppable. Americans, vote for climate defense! The left behind4 March 2024 Robert Reich: how Democrats' abandonment of the working class and labor unions opened the door for the bullshitter to offer the white working class a bogus sense of power. Islamophobia poll3 March 2024 Most Tory supporters endorse anti-Muslim hostility and disinformation. Is Islam incompatible with the British way of life? The answer is "yes and no", just as for Christianity, Hinduism, and Judaism. Each major religion has different variants of belief, and Islam is no exception. Each has some extremist variants which are incompatible with tolerance and democracy. That includes Christianity, Hinduism, Islam and Judaism. Each also has mainstream forms which are compatible with living in a tolerant and democratic society. Alabama legislature passes bill3 March 2024 Alabama is almost finished passing a law to shield in-vitro fertilization from its recent court ruling that every embryo is a "child". This covers the part of that ruling's effect that is arousing the most focused hostility. But not the worst parts of it. This law will not protect women who have abortions, or miscarriages. NSA buying browser records3 March 2024 *Government agencies typically have to secure a court-approved warrant before obtaining private data on Americans from a phone or a tech company. But U.S. agencies have skirted this requirement by arguing they do not need a warrant if the information, like precise location records or net flow data, is openly for sale to anyone who wants to buy it.* This convinces me that the wrong is not located in the buying of that data, but in offering it for sale. We should not allow that to happen. However, as I've stated, data once collected will surely be misused. To prevent the sale of collections of data about more or less everyone, we need to prohibit systems that collect such data. UNRWA Oct 7th claims3 March 2024 *Israel has not yet provided evidence to back Hamas 7 October attack claims against [employees of UNRWA], UN says.* Sweden is joining Nato3 March 2024 More than a small fraction of foreign ownership of critical facilities can make a country vulnerable to attack. It would be wise to prohibit that outright. NY man gets 25 years3 March 2024 The man who shot and killed a passenger in a car that drove up his driveway by mistake has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. Is this enough to teach people that you can't shoot people based on an unlikely surmise? I think we should make more efforts to inform the public that this really is a crime. The four factors of the apocalypse: global heating, global hating, global eating, global mating. [More Cartoons] Copy this button (courtesy of R.Siddharth) to express your rejection of Facebook. E-books Non-oppressive Commercial E-books Don't use Facebook Facebook's face recognition demonstrates a threat to everyone's privacy. I therefore ask people not to put photos of me on Facebook; you can do likewise. Of course, Facebook is bad for many other reasons as well. Boycott Harry Potter Books, Movies, etc. Internet Music EULAS Business Supremacy Treaties Countries to Stay Away From No national identity cards I'd like to make a list of countries that do not require a national identity card, and have no plans to adopt one. If you live in or have confirmed knowledge of such a country, please send email to rms at gnu.org. Here's my list of countries with no national ID cards and no plans for one: Australia, Canada, New Zealand, UK. Australia's previous government tried to institute national ID cards, but the Labor government dropped the plan. India has mostly finished imposing a national biometric ID number in a grand act of oppression. Switzerland has national ID cards which are optional, but they or some other government ID card are needed for some purposes. Iceland doesn't have ID cards as such, but they have ID numbers that citizens are forced to use frequently. For example, the national ID number is often required to rent a video or use a gym. Denmark issues non-photo ID cards with a "person number", and many services use this card to identify people. Norway will impose a national biometric ID card. Ireland - national ID card by stealth. ACLU: the five dangers of national ID cards. Wikipedia has a list of identity card policies by country. Borders Stay away from certain countries because of their bad immigration policies. Flight connections Avoid flight connections in these airports because of their treatment of passengers. The Lifelong Activist People often ask how I manage to continue devoting myself to progressive activism (such as the free software movement) for years without burning out. The best way I can answer is by recommending a book, The Lifelong Activist by Hillary Rettig. I disagree with the book on one theoretical point in the last part of the book: we shouldn't think of political activism as being marketing and sales, because those terms refer to business, and politics is something much more important than mere business. However, this doesn't diminish the value of the book's practical advice about borrowing techniques from marketing and sales. Disclosure: I am friends with the author. Bob Chassell Writing (mostly science fiction) by my friend Bob Chassell who recently died. Solidarity Economy and Free Software Personal Declaration of Richard Stallman and Euclides Mance on Solidarity Economy and Free Software. Falkvinge articles I have reposted some of Rick Falkvinge's articles. As posted on his site, you can't see them in a browser without running some nonfree Javascript code which is apparently non-free. These versions show the same text, without the obstacle. Long-term action items Political Articles These are my political articles that are not related to the GNU operating system or free software. For GNU-related articles, see the GNU philosophy directory. You can also download copies of my book, Free Software, Free Society, 3rd edition'. Let Benevolence Shine (December 2023) What I learned about gender and language from talking about the Virgin of Emacs, and how I made use of that in practice (October 2023) Many governments invite schools to invite companies to snoop on students (June 2022) To Endure, Peace Needs to Weaken Putin But Not Ruin Him (March 2022) The Russian Army has become the Putin Forces (March 2022) The definition of "racism" must not be formulated based on who the perpetrators are (February 2022) Why we should get rid of corporate landlords, and an easy method (August 2021) Worker-owned internet services can still be dis-services (June 2021) Necessary Changes in Society (March 2021) On the Firing of Jeffrey Toobin (November 2020) The Broken Trust Model of Policing Police (October 2020) An Extinction Rebellion activist comments about the London police by Clark Killick (October 2020) What sort of laws would give us real privacy? (December 2019) My Talk at Microsoft (September 2019) Surveillance Ordinance (November 2018) How the Ramayana endorses caste bias (April 2018) Better Genderless Pronouns in English (April 2018) A radical proposal to keep your personal data safe. (April 2018) What Mary Had (May 2017) Anonymous internet payments using pay phones (Apr 2017) When people are conscripted by the DMCA into the War on Sharing. (Dec 2016) If you feel your organization needs a "presence" in Facebook. (Dec 2016) How Much Surveillance Can Democracy Withstand? Yes, You Have Something to Fear. (August 2016) A proposal for resolving the dispute over the South China Sea. (July 2016) Is duckduckgo.com partially enforcing the "celebrity threesome injunction"? (May 2016) Adapting the Marseillaise to the greatest threat to civilization. Proposing the Logo Sea Turtle — for Whales (October 2015) Controlling When the Cameras Record (August 2015) A few words to Greece (June 2015) Fixing Too Big To Fail (Apr 2015) Enslaved Workers What I said about Hrant Dink in my talks in Turkey (Apr 2015) Earth under attack from planet Koch. Fine government contractors for hiring ex-officials (Feb 2015) Suggestion to the target of a witch hunt (Feb 2015) Nonexistence (Feb 2015) The Thermocene Epoch (Feb 2015) Digital Voting. (Jan 2015) My letter asking the judge not to sentence Jeremy Hammond to prison. (Jan 2015) It is a bad idea to have computers count the votes in public elections. Internet Voting: don't even think of it! The patent system is, at best, not worth keeping. (February 2014) Why We Need A State (November 2013) We can put an end to "too big to fail" with an innovative tax that also defeats corporate tax-dodging. (August 2013) Exxon and the Letter Exx. (April 1, 2013) Fixing too big to fail (February 2013) Why internet music "sale" is a bad deal. (January 2013) On-line education is using a flawed Creative Commons license (September 2012) French Translation Redistributable Scientific Publishing (April 2012) My Doctor's Office Asked me to Lie (August 2011) Responding to Beggars UK extreme pornography law. My criticism of the The Zeitgeist Movement. The Venus Project is more or less the same idea. The states need to form a union. Additional Political Articles are on a separate page Political notes "Those who profess to favor freedom, yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the awful roar of its many waters. This struggle may be a moral one; or it may be a physical one; or it may be both moral and physical; but it must be a struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will." Frederick Douglass, American Abolitionist, Letter to an associate, 1849 Here are notes about various issues I care about, usually with links to more information. The current notes are here. For all previous notes, see this page. See this page for information on efforts to maintain links in the political notes. Political notes about the 2001 G8 summit in Genoa, Italy are being archived on their own page. Media/Press/Bios Richard Stallman's bio and publicity photos, and other things of interest to the press, have been moved to a separate page. Travel experiences How it happened that I planned speeches at Israeli universities, then cancelled them. Richard Stallman's travel blog and restaurants reviews My visit to Machu Picchu Stories about visits to Tikal and Greece Photos about my travels Photos of me working on my laptop at various places All of my photos, organized by location, from my trips. Photos people like best, among those I have taken and posted here. OSCON More Photos from OSCON my visit to Switzerland in May 2003 (and the same photos at the original photographer's site.) Some pictures from Vaasa where I slipped on icy ground in the airport, broke my elbow, and gave my speech by telephone from the hospital bed my trips to Greece In Singapore in March 2001, a lovely parrot (50k jpeg) became enamored of me, while others enjoyed my recorder playing (91k jpeg) my visit to China in May/June 2000. I also visited Tibet unawares, because nobody told me that JiuZhaiGou was part of Tibetan territory annexed by China since the conquest my visit to Brazil: some from Rio de Janeiro and some from Porto Alegre where the Software Livre 2000 event was held. my trip to Slovenia A photo of me by Blake Livingston (may be used under CC-BY-SA). Scientific Links Homeopathy debunked, and thoroughly, as pseudoscience. Some humor The berry torture. The Free Software Song, by Richard M. Stallman. You can listen to a performance of the song: Free Software Song performed by Thor Here is a variant of this song called "The Free Firmware Song". A song parody, Colors of the Lisp, by Jefferson Carpenter. Earth under attack from planet Koch. On doxing, and how to spell it. Futon Physics A Spanish cartoon: La Ruleta Española. The Night before M-x-mas Here I am wearing my "power tie". Wine snobs get their comeuppance. Here I am struggling to open a bottle of water. My application to an join Marian Henley's ex-boyfriends list. My funny poetry and song parodies. My Cartoons My Puns in English (Little Leaguer, August 2019). My Puns in Spanish (New pun: Apostasía April 2019) My Puns in French (New pun: Microsoft à l'école July 2019) My Puns in Portuguese My Puns in Italian (New pun: Quale pesce fa starnutire? New 10/2018) My Puns in German (New 02/2016) Linguistic Swifties (Now with: Wintu, Penutian, Cochiti, Taos, and Towa.) --Saint IGNUcius-- The Church of Emacs will soon be officially listed by at least one person as his religion for census purposes. There are no godfathers in the Church of Emacs, since there are no gods, but you can be someone's editorfather. Stallman Does Dallas: "I have to warn you that Texans have been known to have an adverse reaction to my personality…" The Dalai Lama today announced the official release of Yellow Hat GNU/Linux. Pre-Zen Studies. I found a funny song about the Mickey Mouse Copyright Act (officially the Sonny Bono Copyright Act) which extended copyright retroactively by 20 years on works made as early as the 1920s. If you are a geek and read Spanish, you will love Raulito el Friki, who said "Hello, world!" immediately after he was born. Here's an archive of this now-defunct comic strip. Sleeping with Stallman at MIT. Un malentendido gracioso. ESR's favorite programming language: Objectivist C. American Extremists My Small Mouth The huns and the writs. No Kludges in Cluj (June 2014) Hammer into Anvil Fiction Made for You (December 2012) (local copy) Esperanto translation A science fiction story: Jinnetic Engineering (in Portuguese, Farsi, Spanish, Armenian, Russian, French, and Italian). The Right to Read Books My book of essays about the philosophy of Software Freedom, is available from the GNU Press. Stallman on Love Love and Dance My Childhood Sweetheart Made for You My Former Personal Ad Non-Political Articles Am I Doctor Stallman? Avec des chapeaux French song parody. My radio program of Music from Georgia, originally broadcast on WUOG in Athens, Georgia on Oct 13, 2014. Resolving the trolley problem Quantum Theory and Abortion Rights A proposal for gender neutrality in Spanish, suitable for both speech and writing. Origin of the POSIX name. On Hacking: In June 2000, while visiting Korea, I did a fun hack that clearly illustrates the original and true meaning of the word "hacker". My Childhood Sweetheart Love and Dance Predicting the attack on Pearl Harbor Certificate of confusion Links Thanks I would like to thank: Positive Internet for hosting this web site. Graziano Sorbaioli for improving the layout of the main page. Please send comments on these web pages to rms at gnu period org. Copyright © 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 Richard Stallman Verbatim copying and redistribution of this entire page are permitted provided this notice is preserved. Verbatim copying and redistribution of any of the photos in the photos subdirectory is permitted under the Creative Commons Noderivs license version 3.0 or later. You can copy and redistribute the photo of me playing music to the butterfly under the Creative Commons Noderivs Nocommercial license version 3.0 or later. Any other photos of me in this (the toplevel) directory may be copied and redistributed under the Creative Commons Noderivs license version 3.0