GDC Vault Informa GDC Vault is part of the Informa Tech Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726. You've been logged out of GDC Vault since the maximum users allowed for this account has been reached. To access Members Only content on GDC Vault, please log out of GDC Vault from the computer which last accessed this account. Click here to find out about GDC Vault Membership options for more users. close SUBSCRIBE BROWSE BY EVENT About Login not a member? remember me | forgot password? We will send a new password to your email address. Email: Logout Account Contact Us Welcome, The Number One Educational Resource for the Game Industry Please enter search word. Having trouble viewing our new site? Try clearing your browser's cache. Fair Play Summit: Why Care About Wholesome Games Anyway? by Victoria Tran(Innersloth), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Fair Play Summit: Why Care About Wholesome Games Anyway? Game Developers Conference 2023 by Victoria Tran (Innersloth) The Final Battle of 'God of War Ragnarok': Techniques for Delivering High-Stakes Sequences by Victoria Smith(Santa Monica Studio), (Game Developers Conference 2023) The Final Battle of 'God of War Ragnarok': Techniques for Delivering High-Stakes Sequences Game Developers Conference 2023 by Victoria Smith (Santa Monica Studio) Case Study: Creating Realistic Facial Motion for 'The Quarry' by Aruna Inversin(Digital Domain), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Case Study: Creating Realistic Facial Motion for 'The Quarry' Game Developers Conference 2023 by Aruna Inversin (Digital Domain) Tabletop Summit: Increasing Accessibility and Broadening Disability Representation in Tabletop Games by Carol Mertz(Exploding Kittens), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Tabletop Summit: Increasing Accessibility and Broadening Disability Representation in Tabletop Games Game Developers Conference 2023 by Carol Mertz (Exploding Kittens) Independent Games Summit: Make Games Like a Horse: The Design of 'Bugsnax' by John Murphy(Young Horses), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Independent Games Summit: Make Games Like a Horse: The Design of 'Bugsnax' Game Developers Conference 2023 by John Murphy (Young Horses) "CODE RED!": How We Organized a Game Jam From Bomb Shelters by Elena Lobova(GDBAY), (Game Developers Conference 2023) "CODE RED!": How We Organized a Game Jam From Bomb Shelters Game Developers Conference 2023 by Elena Lobova (GDBAY) Climate Games: The Developer's Field Guide by Arnaud Fayolle(Ubisoft, Positive Play), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Climate Games: The Developer's Field Guide Game Developers Conference 2023 by Arnaud Fayolle (Ubisoft, Positive Play) Free-to-Play Summit: 'Roblox' Economics: A Fireside Chat with Gamefam CEO Joe Ferencz by Ethan Levy(Deconstructor of Fun, Founder in Stealth), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Free-to-Play Summit: 'Roblox' Economics: A Fireside Chat with Gamefam CEO Joe Ferencz Game Developers Conference 2023 by Ethan Levy (Deconstructor of Fun, Founder in Stealth) The Many Dimensions of Kirby by Shinya Kumazaki(HAL Laboratory, Inc.), (Game Developers Conference 2023) The Many Dimensions of Kirby Game Developers Conference 2023 by Shinya Kumazaki (HAL Laboratory, Inc.) Growing an Internet Cult: 'Cult of the Lamb's' Social Strategy by Jared J. Tan(Devolver Digital), (Game Developers Conference 2023) Growing an Internet Cult: 'Cult of the Lamb's' Social Strategy Game Developers Conference 2023 by Jared J. Tan (Devolver Digital) Welcome to GDC Vault Leading Educational Resource for the Game Developer Community Game developers come together every year to share their voices, ideas, and perspectives on a variety of key industry topics—at the largest and longest-running professionals-only game industry event, the Game Developers Conference (GDC). Now, developers around the world can join the experience. GDC Vault, the official video platform of the Game Developers Conference, is a leading resource for developers within the game industry. Subscribers gain immediate access to thousands of recorded GDC sessions and events, growing their industry knowledge and expanding training within their teams. A wealth of game knowledge in one location, shared by the people who know the industry best. Take advantage of a powerful game dev training tool that spans over 20 years of the Game Developers Conference. Dive into a trove of videos and slides from key talks, events, and discussions; covering topics like Game Design, Programming, Visual Arts, Game Narrative, Business & Marketing, Education, Game Career Development, and more. Iconic sessions include Shinya Kumazaki and Tatsuya Kamiyama's breakdown of The Many Dimensions of Kirby, Ben Brode hilarious takes on the ins and outs of 'Designing MARVEL SNAP,' and a look at how Ukrainian developer Elena Lobova and her team Organized a Game Jam From Bomb Shelters. This is just the tip of the iceberg. Whether the game was a hit, a miss, or never got released, chances are someone has spoken about it at GDC. The GDC Vault catalog boasts countless hours of classic GDC content and continues to grow each year—with GDC San Francisco 2024 around the corner, happening March 18-22, 2024. Don't forget to register here! Sharpen your game developer knowledge and become an expert in your field by subscribing to GDC Vault today! INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIPTIONS → STUDIO SUBSCRIPTIONS → GDC News Check Out These Sponsor Developer Summit Sessions at GDC 2024 posted Mar 04 2024 Congratulations to the GDC 2024 Best in Play Winners posted Mar 01 2024 Visit Our Amazing Community Spaces at GDC 2024, Including 2 New Galleries! posted Feb 29 2024 Welcome Our Industry-Leading Sponsors for GDC 2024 posted Feb 28 2024 SEE ALL NEWS → Connecting the Global Game Development Community FREE CONTENT → MEMBERS ONLY → Sponsored Sessions More sponsored sessions → Discover More from Informa Tech GDC Vault Game Career Guide Independent Games Festival Game Developers Choice Awards Omdia Working With Us Contact Us About Us Exhibit or Sponsor Follow GDC on Social LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Instagram Home Accessibility Cookies CCPA: Do not sell my personal info Privacy Terms Copyright © Informa PLC. Informa PLC is registered in England and Wales with company number 8860726 whose registered and head office is 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG. loading... SUBSCRIBE NOW ★ Get Instant Access to all Members Only Content!