BMC, research in progress Skip to main content Search Explore journals Get published About BMC My account Search all BMC articles Search BMC, research in progress At BMC we are dedicated to publishing the best open access journals across our portfolio of over 250 titles and are always striving to drive progress in biology, health sciences and medicine.With over 20 years of expertise in pioneering open access, you can trust our extensive experience to deliver high quality, impactful research and provide a supportive publishing experience for authors. If you believe, like we do, that openness, transparency and community focus should be at the heart of research publishing, then we would like to welcome you to the BMC family of journals. BMC is part of Springer Nature. For Authors Why publish with us?Find the right journalEditorial policiesOur peer review processArticle-processing charges: FAQsOA funding and policy supportMembership information Advance your research with BMC Focus on: BMC Global & Public Health Discover our recently launched selective journal publishing significant advances in all areas of global and public health. Focus on: BMC Digital Health Find out more about our new inclusive journal publishing research on all aspects of digital technologies in medicine and public health. The Sustainable Development Goals Programme Springer Nature's Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Programme aims to connect the researchers who are tackling the world’s toughest challenges with the practitioners in policy and business who need those insights. Open Data at the BMC Series The BMC Series is pioneering new approaches to data sharing and open data and we are committed to supporting researchers in sharing their data, helping to make data sharing the new normal. From our blogs An Arbovirus new to Australia 01 March 2024 BMC Infectious Diseases Scope Expansion: Animal Models 29 February 2024 A smartphone app for the self-management of Perthes’ Disease – a blog for Rare Disease Day 2024 28 February 2024 Read more on our blogs Receive BMC newsletters Manage article alerts Language editing for authors Scientific editing for authors Policies Accessibility Press center Support and Contact Leave feedback Careers Follow BMC BMC Twitter page BMC Facebook page BMC Weibo page By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Your US state privacy rights, Privacy statement and Cookies policy. Your privacy choices/Manage cookies we use in the preference centre. © 2024 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer Nature.