Association for Computing Machinery skip to main content Digital Library CACM Queue TechNews Career Center Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession Join Volunteer myACM Search Input Search Submit Join Volunteer myACM Search About ACM About Home About ACM ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals Governance ACM Council Boards and Committees Past Presidents ACM Constitution Bylaws Annual Reports History Code of Ethics Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures Stop Harassment Report Unacceptable Behavior ACM in the News Media Center Contact Us About ACM ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources. [Learn More about ACM...] ACM Regional Councils ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing Membership Membership Home About Membership Membership Options Membership Benefits Ambassadors for ACM People of ACM ACM People in the News Join Renew Subscribe Manage your Account / myACM Distinguished Speakers Contact Us ACM Membership ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center. [Learn More about ACM Membership...] Customer Service FAQs Become an Ambassador for ACM Publications Publications Home About Publications Digital Library CACM Journals Magazines Books Conference Proceedings ICPS SIGs Newsletters Blue Diamond Newsletter Applications-Oriented Content For Authors Primary Article Templates Open Access Artifacts and Reproducibility New ACM Journals Propose New Publications Policies Report a Potential Violation Ethics & Plagiarism Publications Board Subscribe Advertise Contact Us About ACM Publications For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry. [Learn More about ACM Publications...] Publish with ACM Select Application-Oriented Papers Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library SIGs Special Interest Groups Home About SIGs SIG Listing Emerging Interest Groups SIG Awards SIG Chapters Publications Conferences Join a SIG Volunteer Resources SIG Leaders Contact Us Special Interest Groups ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices. [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] Join an ACM SIG Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices Conferences Conferences Home About Conferences Conference Series Upcoming Conferences Get Conference Proceedings Upcoming Submission Deadlines ACM Author Rights & Permissions Best Paper Awards Volunteer Resources Contact Us ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers. [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] Find an ACM Conference Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices Chapters Chapters Home About Chapters Professional Chapters Student Chapters Meetups Newsletter Calendar of Local Activities Distinguished Speakers Annual Reports Find a Chapter Start a Chapter Chapter Policies Chapter Administrative Interface Contact Us About ACM Chapters ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum. [Learn More about ACM Chapters...] Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter Chapter Administrative Interface Start an ACM Chapter Awards Awards Home About Awards Award Recipients ACM Fellows ACM Advanced Member Grades ACM Awards Committee Nominate Award Sponsors Establish a New Award Contact Us About ACM Awards ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission. More on ACM Awards ACM Names 2023 Fellows ACM Names 2023 Distinguished Members Education Education Home About Education Curricula Recommendations Affiliated Organizations ACM Learning Center Resources for Educators Resources for Graduating Students Education Board and Advisory Committee Reports and Studies Contact Us Education ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career... [Learn More about Education…] Mae Milano TechTalk Vinod Khosla TechTalk ByteCast Ep49: Jacki O'Neill Learning Center Learning Center Home About the Learning Center E-Learning Member Offers TechTalks ByteCast Resources FAQs Practitioner Board Professional Development Committee About ACM Learning Center The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. ByteCast Ep49: Jacki O'Neill ByteCast Ep48: Ranveer Chandra ByteCast Ep47: Yael Tauman Kalai Public Policy Public Policy Home About ACM's Public Policy Work Tech Policy Council Europe Tech Policy US Tech Policy USTPC HotTopics Webinars ACM TechBriefs Policy Products Media Releases Contact Us Public Policy ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community. [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] TechBrief on Trusted AI USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forming Diverse Teams Words Matter ACM Celebrates Awareness Months ACM Code of Ethics Stop Harassment Report Unacceptable Behavior ACM-W Contact Us Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated. [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] DEI Articles in CACM DEI CE Webinars How Diverse Is Your Team? Association for Computing Machinery Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession We see a world where computing helps solve tomorrow’s problems – where we use our knowledge and skills to advance the profession and make a positive impact. Send Email as Your "@acm.org" Address ACM is excited to announce a new enhancement of to the widely used ACM email forwarding service. Through a partnership with MailRoute, SMTP Auth Relay is now available for member use. To start sending fully authenticated email as your @acm.org address, simply log in at https://myacm.acm.org and click the "SMTP Auth Relay" link. ACM Celebrates Black History Month 2024 ACM is celebrating 2024 Black History Month with an interactive Q&A video series! Join us for an enlightening journey as computing students around the world pose burning questions to Black experts in tech, and watch as they share their wisdom and experiences as they address questions such as what role does technology play in addressing social issues, how can a diverse perspective enhance the impact of technological issues, how do you envision the future of computing in terms of inclusivity and diversity, among others. Awards & Recognition Call for ACM-W Rising Star Award Nominations The ACM-W Rising Star Award recognizes exceptional women or non-binary individuals whose early-career research has had a significant impact on the computing discipline, as measured by factors such as frequent citation of their work, creation of a new research area, a high degree of technology transfer, and/or other positive influences and societal impact. Self-nominations are encouraged. The award is given annually, and the recipient will receive a framed certificate and a $1,000 stipend. Nominations close on March 31, 2024. Global Diversity Awareness Panel 2024 Recent advancements in AI have introduced many to its immense potential and functionality. However, how are AI technologies impacting different communities around the world? View the panel, "A Global Perspective on Contemporary AI," featuring Alain Tchana from the LIG laboratory, Kalika Bali from Microsoft Research India, Nadia Rodríguez Rodríguez from the University of Lima, and Aboubakar Mountapmbeme from the University of North Texas. Their discussion explores the crucial need to involve the global community in AI development and the inclusion of underrepresented cultures in its coding to make AI accessible to all. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. Awards & Recognition ACM Names 2023 Fellows ACM has named 68 members ACM Fellows for significant contributions in areas including algorithm design, computer graphics, cybersecurity, energy-efficient computing, mobile computing, software analytics, and web search, to name a few. The ACM Fellows program recognizes the top 1% of ACM Members for their outstanding accomplishments in computing and information technology and/or outstanding service to ACM and the larger computing community. Awards & Recognition ACM Names 2023 Distinguished Members ACM has named 52 Distinguished Members for outstanding contributions to the field. All 2023 inductees are longstanding ACM members and were selected by their peers for a range of accomplishments that advance computing as a science and a profession. The ACM Distinguished Member program recognizes up to 10 percent of ACM worldwide membership based on professional experience and significant achievements in computing. Bob Kahn Awarded IEEE Medal of Honor ACM A.M. Turing Award laureate Robert E. Kahn, one of the "fathers of the Internet," has been awarded the 2024 IEEE Medal of Honor. The IEEE Foundation cited Kahn’s work in packet communication technologies and foundations of the Internet as the basis for the award. Kahn, along with Vint Cerf, received the A.M. Turing Award for pioneering work on internetworking, including the design and implementation of the Internet's basic communications protocols TCP/IP, and for inspired leadership in networking. Kahn and Cerf founded the non-profit Internet Society in 1992. ACM Releases Report on Enrollment and Retention in Undergraduate Computing ACM has released the new report, “Computing Enrollment and Retention: Results From the 2021-22 Undergraduate Enrollment Cohort," by Jodi L.Tims, Cindy Tucker, Mark A. Weiss, and Stuart Zweben. Developed by the ACM Education Board’s Actionable Enrollment and Retention Task Force, the report is an annual summary of data about enrollment, degree completions, and retention of undergraduate computing degree programs in the United States. In particular, it notes that the representation of women in computing programs is at its highest point in the last five years, and that enrollment has increased in all areas of computing except computer engineering. New Open Access Publishing Model for ICPS Coming in 2024 In a major step in its transition to fully Open Access (OA) publication of all content on the ACM Digital Library, ACM will transition the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS) to a fully OA publishing model from January 2024. In the new model, all ICPS papers will be made OA upon publication, and existing ICPS papers will be converted to OA. Some authors who are not at ACM Open institutions will be required to pay Article Processing Charges (APCs). The model will apply to all conferences for which the Call for Papers will be issued on or after January 1, 2024. ACM Skills Bundle Add-On ACM has created a new Skills Bundle add-on providing unlimited access to ACM's collection of thousands of online books, courses, and training videos from O'Reilly, Skillsoft Percipio, and Pluralsight. ACM’s collection includes more than 60,000 online books and video courses from O’Reilly, 9,700 online courses and 11,000 eBooks and audiobooks from Skillsoft, and 2,000 courses from Pluralsight. The new Skills Bundle add-on is available to paid Professional Members only. Visit the ACM subscription page or contact Member Services to add the Skills Bundle to your membership. TELO Accepted for Scopus Coverage ACM Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO) has been accepted for Scopus coverage. Similar to Web of Science, Scopus is an extensive yet selective abstract and citation database that provides comprehensive coverage of peer-reviewed journals, books, conference abstracts, and patents across the natural sciences, social sciences, arts, and humanities. By having its content included in Scopus, TELO’s content will be discoverable at 7,000 of the world’s top research institutions. ACM Boasts Strong Impact Factors The journals of ACM once again had an impressive showing in the latest Journal Citation Reports release from Clarivate, with notable performances across the entire portfolio and fifteen journals receiving their first impact factors—including four titles from the innovative Proceedings of the ACM (PACM) program. ACM's flagship magazine Communications of the ACM (CACM) continued its dominance by receiving an all-time high impact factor of 22.7, placing it first in all three of its categories, and ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR) which continued to ascend with an impact factor of 16.6, placing it third in the Computer Science, Theory & Methods category. Ceasing Print Publication of ACM Journals and Transactions ACM has made the decision to cease print publication for ACM’s journals and transactions as of January 2024. There were several motivations for this change: ACM wants to be as environmentally friendly as possible; print journals lack the new features and functionality of the electronic versions in the ACM Digital Library; and print subscriptions, which have been declining for years, have now reached a level where the time was right to sunset print. Please contact [email protected] should you have any questions. TechBrief on Trusted AI ACM TechBriefs is a series of short technical bulletins by ACM’s Technology Policy Council that present scientifically-grounded perspectives on the impact of specific developments or applications of technology. Designed to complement ACM’s activities in the policy arena, the primary goal is to inform rather than advocate for specific policies. The new edition is focused the effectiveness of mechanisms and metrics implemented to promote trust of AI must be empirically evaluated to determine if they actually do so. Distrust of AI calls for a deeper understanding of stakeholder perceptions, concerns, and fears. HotTopic Panel on AI Regulation To help make sense of the many and multiplying efforts to coordinate future "GenAI" policy and governance around the globe, ACM's Technology Policy Council hosted the latest in its HotTopics webinar series, "Artificial Intelligence, Real Regulation: International Perspectives and Prospects"—now available on demand. It is a fascinating discussion between moderator Michel Beaudouin-Lafon, panelists Dame Wendy Hall, Juha Heikkila, and Marc Rotenberg, and audience members about the growing concerns surrounding the growth and regulation of generative artificial intelligence both now and in the future. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. TPC Releases Principles for Generative AI Technologies In response to major advances in generative AI technologies—as well as the significant questions these technologies pose in areas including intellectual property, the future of work, and even human safety—ACM's global Technology Policy Council (TPC) has issued "Principles for the Development, Deployment, and Use of Generative AI Technologies." Drawing on the deep technical expertise of computer scientists in the United States and Europe, the TPC statement outlines eight principles intended to foster fair, accurate, and beneficial decision-making concerning generative and all other AI technologies. People of ACM Interview Meet Christina Harrington Christina Harrington is an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University’s HCI Institute, where she is Director of the Equity and Health Innovations Design Research Lab. She also has a courtesy appointment in CMU’s School of Design.Among her volunteer activities with ACM, she was a General Co-Chair of the 2023 ACM Conference on Fairness, Accountability and Transparency (FAccT). This year, Harrington was recognized with the Computing Research Association’s (CRA) Skip Ellis Early Career Award. In her interview, she discusses “Black-centered design,” broadening the participation of underrepresented groups in computing, and more. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. ACM Opens First 50 Years Backfile ACM has opened the articles published during the first 50 years of its publishing program, from 1951 through the end of 2000, These articles are now open and freely available to view and download via the ACM Digital Library. ACM’s first 50 years backfile contains more than 117,500 articles on a wide range of computing topics. In addition to articles published between 1951 and 2000, ACM has also opened related and supplemental materials including data sets, software, slides, audio recordings, and videos. People of ACM Interview Meet Kurt Mehlhorn Kurt Mehlhorn was a director of the Max Planck Institute for Informatics for thirty years from 1990 - 2020. He was the recipient of the 2010 ACM Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award for contributions to algorithm engineering by creating the LEDA Library for algorithmic problem solving, and was named an ACM Fellow for important contributions in complexity theory and in the design, analysis, and practice of combinatorial and geometric algorithms. In his interview, he discusses computational complexity, algorithm engineering, the allocation of funds for research, and more. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. ACM ByteCast Featured ACM ByteCast ACM ByteCast is ACM's series of podcast interviews with researchers, practitioners, and innovators who are at the intersection of computing research and practice. In this episode of ACM ByteCast, Bruke Kifle hosts Jacki O'Neill, Director of the Microsoft Africa Research Institute (MARI) in Nairobi, Kenya, where she is building a multi-disciplinary team combining research, engineering, and design to solve local problems globally. Her research interests span AI, HCI, social science, and technology for emerging markets. View On Demand - 2023 Heidelberg Laureate Forum The 2023 Heidelberg Laureate Forum connected young researchers and other participants with scientific pioneers to learn how the laureates made it to the top of their fields, bringing together some of the brightest minds in mathematics and computer science for an unrestrained, interdisciplinary exchange. This year, 22 ACM A.M. Turing Award and ACM Prize in Computing recipients participated in numerous engaging panel discussions and spark sessions as well as delivering key lectures. You can now view them along with many others via the 2023 HLF YouTube channel. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. Diversity Data Collection at ACM ACM is deeply committed to fostering a scientific community that both supports and benefits from the talents of community members from a wide range of backgrounds. To this end, ACM has adopted new demographic questions developed by ACM’s Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council to understand current levels of participation and to gauge our success at advancing DEI. It is mandated that they be used throughout ACM for all activities, and responses will be required from all ACM authors, reviewers, conference attendees, volunteers, and members. Please take the time to fill out your questionnaire today. WSDM 2024, Mar. 4 - 8 The ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining is one of the premier conferences on web-inspired research involving search and data mining. Workshops include "Integrity in Social Networks and Media," "Psychology-informed Information Access Systems," and more. WSDM is a highly selective conference that includes invited talks, as well as refereed full papers. Keynote speakers are Nicolas Christin (Carnegie Mellon University), Elizabeth Reid (Google), and Saiph Savage (Civic A.I. Lab). The event will be held in Mérida, Yucatán. CHIIR 2024, Mar. 10 -14 The ACM SIGIR Conference on Human Information Interaction and Retrieval invites submissions focused on user-centered approaches to the design and evaluation of systems for information access, seeking, retrieval, and use. Contributions may explore improvements to existing systems and interfaces; propose novel theories, models, and systems; or focus on understanding individual and group interactions with information and information systems. Workshops topics include "Search-Oriented Conversational Artificial Intelligence," "Exploring the Boundaries of Published Works," and more. The conference is being held in Sheffield, UK. HRI 2024, Mar. 11- 15 The ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human Robot Interaction attracts researchers from around the world to present and exchange ideas about the latest theories, technology, data, and videos furthering the state of the art in human-robot interaction. The conference theme for HRI 2023 is “HRI in the real world.” Sessions include "Errors and Repair," "Proximics and Navigation," "Ethics and Society" and more. Keynote speakers will be James Kennedy (Disney Research), Carolina Parada (Google Deepmind Robotics), and Ryan Calo (University of Washington). The event is being held in Boulder, Colorado, USA. Measuring GitHub Copilot's Impact on Productivity In this article from the March 2024 issue of Communications of the ACM, Albert Ziegler, et al. investigate whether usage measurements of developer interactions with GitHub Copilot can predict perceived productivity as reported by developers by analyzing survey responses from developers using GitHub Copilot and match their responses to measurements collected from the IDE. They consider acceptance counts and more detailed measures of contribution, find that acceptance rate of shown suggestions is a better predictor of perceived productivity than the alternative measures, and more. Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. For Practitioners Multiparty Computation: To Secure Privacy, Do the Math MPC (multiparty computation) was introduced to the world in 1982—at about the same time the Commodore 64 was announced. Why are we still talking about MPC more than 40 years later? Well, it turns out MPC is based on some extremely complex math, which is like nectar to anyone in the field of cryptography. And, over the past decade, MPC has come to be exhumed from the archives and harnessed as one of the most powerful tools available for the protection of sensitive data. Here, in a discussion with Nigel Smart, Joshua W. Baron, Sanjay Saravanan, Jordan Brandt, and Atefeh Mashatan, we explore some of the implications of these advances. For Practitioners Automatically Testing Database Systems ACM Queue’s "Research for Practice" serves up expert-curated guides to the best of computing research, and relates these breakthroughs to the challenges that software engineers face every day. In this installment, "Automatically Testing Database Systems," Manuel Rigger (Assistant Professor in the School of Computing at the National University of Singapore) presents three papers. The first focuses on the problem of automatically synthesizing sophisticated test oracles that check whether the outputs of a database history are correct. The second co-designs input generation and test oracle in order to focus strictly on bugs in concurrency control. The last covers a diverse input space of SQL dialects while relying on the "built-in" test oracle of system crashes. Get Involved Become an Ambassador for ACM Encourage your colleagues to join ACM, share the benefits of ACM and receive free gifts for participating. Your support of ACM is critical to our continuing efforts to advance computing as a science and a profession. Premier Resource Bringing You the World’s Computing Literature The most comprehensive collection of full-text articles and bibliographic records covering computing and information technology includes the complete collection of ACM's publications. Career Resource Lifelong Learning ACM offers lifelong learning resources including online books and courses from Skillsoft, TechTalks on the hottest topics in computing and IT, and more. ACM Updates Code of Ethics ACM recently updated its Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. The revised Code of Ethics addresses the significant advances in computing technology since the 1992 version, as well as the growing pervasiveness of computing in all aspects of society. To promote the Code throughout the computing community, ACM created a booklet, which includes the Code, case studies that illustrate how the Code can be applied to situations that arise in everyday practice and suggestions on how the Code can be used in educational settings and in companies and organizations. Download a PDF of the ACM Code booklet. On March 3, 2022, ACM’s Executive Committee decided not to hold any conferences in Russia while the conflict in the Ukraine and the humanitarian crisis in Europe continue. This decision applies to ACM sponsored conferences and workshops as well as in-cooperation events. About ACM About ACM Volunteer Membership Join ACM Renew My Membership Membership Options Membership Benefits MyACM Sign In Publications About Publications Digital Library Submit a Paper Advertise with ACM Chapters Chapter Admin Interface Chapter Activities Calendar Start a Chapter Special Interest Groups SIGs Newsletter Awards About ACM's Awards Conferences ACM's Conferences Code of Ethics ACM's Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures Media Center ACM Media Center Advertise with ACM Education Education Home Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Home Home Sitemap Contact Us Member Services Privacy Policy Social Media Policy Accessibility Cookie Declaration Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc