Mullvad VPN - Free the internet This site needs Javascript for some functionality to work properly Skip to main content About Products VPN Browser Search Encrypted DNS Browser Extension Blog Pricing Servers Downloads Help Account Get started Free the internet A free and open society is a society where people have the right to privacy. That’s why we fight for a free internet. Free from mass surveillance and censorship. Free from big data markets where your personal information is up for sale. Free from authorities mass monitoring every click you make. Free from an infrastructure mapping your whole life. Mullvad VPN This is why you should use Mullvad VPN Your IP address is the easiest way to identify you on the internet. It can be used to track you and to map your life online. Step 1 to reclaim your privacy is to hide it, by using a trustworthy VPN. Read more Mullvad Browser Browse the web with Mullvad Browser A VPN is not enough for privacy. But in combination with a privacy-focused browser, you make sure to block third-party cookies and other tracking technologies used by the data collectors. Read more Why privacy matters Internet has turned into a marketplace where everyone is constantly monitored. By commercial companies and by authorities. How might it affect you – today or tomorrow? And what will the data collection lead to, if we don’t resist? Read more It’s easy to get started with Mullvad VPN Generate an account number The account number is the only thing you need to connect to Mullvad VPN. We ask for no email, no phone number, no personal information whatsoever. Pay only €5/month (≈$5.43) Our pricing model is very simple. Since 2009, we have charged a fixed price of 5 euros per month. You can buy one month or several at a time. Download the app and you're set Download the Mullvad VPN app, enter your account number, and you're ready to roll. Use your account on up to 5 devices. Create account Why Mullvad VPN? It’s important that you can trust your VPN provider. Here you can read more about our efforts to earn your trust, and learn more about the technology we use to ensure that your traffic remains private. Read more Mullvad About Help Servers Pricing Blog Mullvad VPN Mullvad Browser Why privacy matters Why Mullvad VPN? What is a VPN? Downloads Stop chat control Press Jobs Policies Policies Open source Privacy policy Cookies Terms of service Partnerships and resellers Reviews, ads and affiliates Reporting a bug or vulnerability Address Mullvad VPN AB Box 53049 400 14 Gothenburg Sweden support@mullvadvpn.net GPG key Onion service Follow us @mullvadnet @mullvadnet Mullvad VPN mullvad Language English العربيّة Dansk Deutsch English Español فارسی Suomi Français Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Русский Svenska ภาษาไทย Türkçe 简体中文 繁體中文