Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources Skip to main content Toggle Menu Search Focus Areas About News & Events Español Give People Jobs Search Share Facebook X (Twitter) LinkedIn Tumblr We were unable to bring up the requested content. If the problem persists, please contact the Help desk at help@ucanr.edu. Healthy Environments From the mountains to the coast, California’s iconic landscapes face threats from climate change, poor urban planning, pollution and invasive species. UC ANR translates research into action — creating management strategies for a safer, more climate-resilient California. 2023: Year in Review Featured Stories $1.7M granted for climate-smart planning led by UC ANR scientists Feb 29, 2024 Climate-smart crop workshops March 5-7 in Ventura, Salinas and Tulare Feb 23, 2024 Sixth graders advocate for physical activity upgrades at school Feb 22, 2024 ‘Super Carbolicious’ 4-H Food Fiesta challenges young chefs Feb 20, 2024 UC ANR adds expertise in wildfire, agriculture, health and more Feb 14, 2024 $1.7M granted for climate-smart planning led by UC ANR scientists Read Story Healthy Food Systems Our research has helped make California a global leader in agricultural production while increasing access to affordable, safe and healthy food. Our educational programs help participants make every food choice and dollar count. Healthy Environments From the mountains to the coast, California’s iconic landscapes face threats from climate change, poor urban planning, pollution and invasive species. UC ANR translates research into action — creating management strategies for a safer, more climate-resilient California. Climate-smart crop workshops March 5-7 in Ventura, Salinas and Tulare Read Story ‘Super Carbolicious’ 4-H Food Fiesta challenges young chefs Read Story Healthy Communities Our youth and community development programs equip the next generation for college, successful careers, financial stability and community engagement. Growers and land managers learn cutting-edge skills that increase workforce ability and advance innovation. 2023: Year in Review UC ANR adds expertise in wildfire, agriculture, health and more Read Story Sixth graders advocate for physical activity upgrades at school Read Story Healthy Californians From safe drinking water to clean air, reduced exposure to pesticides to tools for healthier lifestyles, UC ANR promotes public health for people and the communities where they live, learn, work and play. We produce tools, programs and policy-relevant research that result in healthy living. Topics: How we are making an impact for California 95% Latino 4-H'ers want to attend college 18% Yield improvement with buried drip 100% California counties free of European grapevine moths 88% Reduction in bed bug infestations in field studies 1,268 Gardens supported by UC Master Gardener volunteers UC ANR Focus Areas 4-H & Families In 4-H we believe in the power of youth. We know that every young person is unique, has strengths and real potential to improve our world. 4-H grows here. Learn More Agriculture & Pest Management Healthy agricultural systems are essential to our quality of life and economy. We spark innovation and encourage environmentally friendly production practices. Learn More Environment & Natural Resources Stewardship of California's natural resources — water, forests, rangelands —is core to our mission, so our landscapes are preserved for generations to come. Learn More Food & Health We promote healthy people and communities; safe, nutritious and abundant food; and education to make every food choice and every food dollar count. Learn More Innovation & Economic Development We drive economic prosperity through innovation. We connect people, tools and data to equip communities to prepare for change. Learn More Yard & Garden We educate Californians to create sustainable gardens and landscapes — from growing food to building fire-safe landscapes and making every drop of water count. Learn More Engage with us Find your local UCCE Give Attend an Event Be an Advocate Search Publications Join us on our mission Since 1914 UC Cooperative Extension has been “California’s first incubator;” the bridge between local issues and innovative answers through the power of UC research. Cooperating is in our DNA; won't you join us? GET INVOLVED View our Annual Report What's happening across UC ANR News No solo sobre la preparación de comida aprenden… Mar 05, 2024 Tips on care of backyard chickens, sheep, goats… Mar 05, 2024 $1.7M granted for climate-smart planning led by… Feb 29, 2024 REC System Director Haver encourages systemic… Feb 26, 2024 View All Facebook Instagram LinkedIn (organization) Twitter YouTube sbnum=10760 | pagenum=60195 © 2024 Regents of the University of California Nondiscrimination Statement Accessibility Site Information Privacy Feedback