jQuery Plugins by malsup jQuery Plugins (by malsup) Frontend Masters has kick-ass, on-demand videos and courses in frontend tech. Check 'em out! - malsup BlockUI Plugin Simulate synchronous ajax by blocking - not locking - the UI. This plugin lets you block user interaction with the page or with a specific element on the page. Also great at displaying modal dialogs. Corner Plugin Rounded corners without images! Plus lots of other interesting corner adornments like bevels, notches, dogears, etc. Fun stuff. Cycle Plugin Wildly popular slideshow plugin for displaying image or non-image slideshows. Lots of available transition effects such as fade, scroll, shuffle, zoom, and many more. Lots of features and ease of use is what this plugin is all about. New! Cycle2! The successor to Cycle. Cycle2 is a mobile and desktop friendly slideshow built around ease-of-use with a declarative API. It supports responsive designs, dynamic slideshow manipulation, swipe events, and lots of options! Feed Plugin A jQuery wrapper for the Google AJAX Feed API. Lets you easily grab feed output from Google and redirect it onto your page. Form Plugin A simple way to AJAX-ify any form on your page. Also supports file uploads! Click through for quick start guide, code samples, API documentation, FAQ and more. HoverPulse Plugin A handy little plugin for pulsing the size of an image when the mouse moves over it. Nice effect for blog photo links, flickr thumbnails, etc. Media Plugin One plugin for handling your Flash, Quicktime, Windows Media Player, Real Player, MP3, Silverlight and more. This plugin converts simple markup into full media markup. Taconite Plugin A port of Taconite to jQuery. Make multiple DOM manipulations in response to a single remote call using an XML command document. Please consider donating! Want to view high-quality videos on the latest in frontend tech? Checkout Frontend Masters, for some awesome material. - malsup All source code available on github. Hosting provided by MacDock