Springer Nature Search Search EN CN (Chinese) DE (German) ES (Spanish) FR (Français) JP (Japanese) Menu Home Products Open research Authors Booksellers Editors Peer Reviewers Librarians Societies Partners Policies Shop What we do Contact Careers ↗ Springer Nature Group ↗ Advancing Discovery Springer Nature advances discovery by publishing trusted research, supporting the development of new ideas and championing open science. We are committed to playing our part in accelerating solutions to address the world’s urgent challenges. What we do Search our content Search in all books, journals, and other materials published by Springer, Nature Research, and BMC License our content Get access to all our content. A licence is available to academic institutions, governments and corporations Publish with us Aiming to give you the best publishing experience at every step of your research career. Open Access Report 2022 Discover how Springer Nature is advancing the transition to open access (OA). Springer Nature Group ↗ Latest News ↗ Buy a book or journal ↗ Our products Open Research By opening up access to all outputs of research, we speed up the progress of science. By being open, we make science and research more equitable, inclusive and effective for all Open Research at Springer Nature Initiatives Women in Science Women have come a long way in enriching the scientific community - yet there's still more to be achieved. We are recognizing women researchers. Sustainable Development Goals Springer Nature's Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Programme aims to connect the researchers who are tackling the world’s toughest challenges with the practitioners in policy and business who need those insights DEI in Research Publishing We all play a pivotal role in championing inclusive practices and ensuring we reflect our diverse communities through our publication process. Discover how our Editors are empowered in doing this through training tools and resources. Partnerships We work with others to find and drive forward solutions for the research community SDGs and the impact of open research A partnership with VSNU and the UKB providing data, insights and tools to advance knowledge about how academic research and open research is having a societal impact and accelerating delivery of the SDGs ORCID: Share your discoveries, receive recognition ORCID identifiers give researchers a personal, permanent digital code that distinguishes them from every other researcher and links to their publication record, ensuring their work is properly and duly recognized. In Review: integrated preprint sharing Share a preprint of your manuscript on the Research Square platform and get real time updates on your manuscript’s progress through peer review. Featured blog posts from "Springboard"See all Springer Nature's blog on all things open research Open research Why is Open Science and Open Access central to who we are at Springer Nature? Our CPO Harsh Jegadeesan disucsses our latest OA report and the role of open science. R Research Publishing 25 Oct 2023 Community Supporting sustainable development at a crucial milestone moment Joyce Lorigan reflects on Springer Nature’s work to support the sustainable development goals (SDGs), as the halfway point of the goals is marked by the UN. Springer Nature Group 02 Oct 2023 Peer Review Three challenges for future research publishers to ease the pressure on reviewers Our research integrity director discusses what the future holds for peer review. R Research Publishing 26 Sep 2023 Transformative Publishing Together for Transformation Our CEO Frank Vrancken Peeters shares his thoughts following the OA Berlin Science Conference R Research Publishing 14 Jun 2023 Featured blog posts from "The Source"See all Providing insight and discussion for researchers on publishing in the academic world editors Transfer Desk for Editors We do a deep dive into our Transfer Desk service by addressing common questions that editors have about transfers and how they work. T The Source 04 Aug 2023 Open Research A researcher’s guide to open access agreements This guide brings together everything you need to know to help you get the most from Springer Nature’s open access agreements. T The Source 27 Jul 2023 SN SDG Programme Five key takeaways from our Science for a Sustainable Future webinar series Learn about the main discussion themes and key takeaways from the Science for a Sustainable Future webinar series. T The Source 13 Jul 2023 Research Integrity All about research integrity: a beginner's guide & an in-depth course A guide and an in-depth course on research integrity and its application to your research and work. T The Source 01 Jun 2023 Blog posts from "The Link"Startpage "The Link" News, initiatives, and community spotlights for information professionals​ webinar Global research collaboration strategies that support researchers Global research collaborations in published papers increase complexity. A recent webinar emphasises using bibliometric data to navigate partnerships, aiding institutions and researchers. L Librarians 15 Feb 2024 open access Open access and the mission of the academic library The mission of the library is to meet the needs of researchers. While those needs may be changing, the determination to facilitate access to quality research is more evolution than revolution. L Librarians 23 Jan 2024 open access How the Japan pilot transformative agreement is helping researchers achieve greater impact The Japan pilot transformative agreement (TA) officially came into effect on 01 January 2023. Within the framework of this agreement, we anticipated the publication of nearly 900 open access (OA) articles in its first year by researchers in Japan. So how has this agreement fared thus far? L Librarians 15 Dec 2023 open access Driving open access transformation: Insights from the Charleston Conference 2023 Charleston Conference 2023 explores the forefront of open access (OA), featuring expert insights on transformative agreements and practical tips, illuminating the global shift from subscriptions to OA L Librarians 13 Dec 2023 open access Empowering librarians to promote open access Open Access Week (23-29 October 2023) was a great opportunity to consider what open access (OA) means, how the transition is going, and what’s next. Since its introduction, publishing OA has proven to have demonstrable impacts on the usage, accessibility, and engagement with research, ensuring that key knowledge – such as that around the UN Sustainable Development Goals – can be accessed and used by all, some even influencing policy change. L Librarians 04 Dec 2023 open access Transitioning to open access: Reflections from three US organizations Three leading organizations in the US share their experiences of how their agreements with Springer Nature have helped them to transition to OA.Unlock the secrets of science communication and see how organizations can back their researchers' storytelling skills. Join us in demystifying the art of making science relatable in this must-read blog L Librarians 31 Oct 2023 learning&development The impact of good science communication, and how organisations can support Unlock the secrets of science communication and see how organizations can back their researchers' storytelling skills. Join us in demystifying the art of making science relatable in this must-read blog L Librarians 30 Oct 2023 The power of Customer Engagement Events: Where ideas flourish and connections thrive The heart of these events beats with the rhythm of engaging exchanges among participants, leading to a wealth of benefits, sharing valuable experiences and perspectives L Librarians 23 Oct 2023 open access Open access agreements: Empowering librarians to be OA champions Learn how open access agreements support open research, their benefits and impact for participating institutions, librarians, and researchers, including practical supporting tools. L Librarians 09 Oct 2023 best practices 5 ways to shield your library from cybercrime — advice from the experts Learn how to protect your library from cybercrime with expert guidance on risk assessment and tips to mitigate risks. Explore how The Scholarly Networks Security Initiative (SSNI) is helping research libraries stay safe. L Librarians 30 Aug 2023 open access Libraries leading the transition to open access Libraries are leading the way to open access, and their pivotal role is shaping transformative agreements for global OA publishing. Read how librarians vet venues, centralize OA funds, and expand coverage to 6 continents, and are driving OA forward for researchers. L Librarians 28 Aug 2023 Text data mining Unraveling the Power of TDM: A Transformative Journey for Researchers Discover the transformative world of Text and Data Mining (TDM) with Prathik Roy, who unravels the power of data-driven insights for researchers and industries. L Librarians 21 Aug 2023 research impact Demystifying research impact: What institutions & publishers can do Outcomes of a panel discussion, providing insights into the different types of research impact is, different approaches to measuring it, and how institutions and publishers can support researchers L Librarians 28 Jun 2023 advancing discovery 4 initiatives making it easier for researchers & health professionals to access research This blog focuses on just a few of the steps Springer Nature has taken towards making it easier for researchers, health professionals, and others to access research content. L Librarians 19 Jun 2023 Corporate 7 critical messages Info Pros want R&D scientists to know Info Pro veteran, Mary Ellen Bates, shares 7 critical messages from a wide range of settings that R&D Scientists need to know, a summary from what she presented at the MLA | SLA ’23 conference in Detroit L Librarians 14 Jun 2023 Stay up to date _ Follow us on Twitter Here to foster information exchange with the library community _ Follow us on Facebook _ Connect on LinkedIn Connect with us on LinkedIn and stay up to date with news and development. small_youtube Watch us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Products Journals Books Platforms Databases Researchers & Partners Authors Editors Open research Societies Partners Policies Librarians Overview Products Licensing Tools & Services Account Development Blog Sales and account contacts Our company Overview About us Careers Education Professional Press office Locations & Contact Contact Shop About us We are a world leading research, educational and professional publisher. Visit our main website for more information. Springer Nature Group ↗ _ _ _ © 2023 Springer Nature General terms and conditions Privacy Your US State Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices / Manage Cookies Accessibility Legal notice Help us to improve this site, send feedback.