Filmmaker Magazine Filmmaker Click here to read our winter 2024 issue, featuring The Taste of Things's Tran Anh Hung in conversation with Frederick Wiseman, the year in 35mm production and more... Log Out Log In Filmmaking All Directing Screenwriting Cinematography Production Post-Production Financing Distribution Transmedia Columns All Current Columns: Focal Point Shutter Angles Back to One Continue Watching The Week In Cameras Notes on Real Life Persona Project Industry Beat Extra Curricular Editor's Blog Archived Columns: Blue Velvet Project Things DPs Don't Talk About Time and Tempo Microbudget Conversation True Crit Into the Splice Culture Hacker Lady Vengeance Shooting With John H2N Pick of the Week This is Where You Work Festivals & Events Sundance SXSW All Festivals & Events Interviews All Directors Actors Screenwriters Cinematographers Editors Producers 25 New Faces Videos Latest Issue Twitter Facebook RSS thegotham.org Filmmaker Magazine Gotham Awards 25 New Faces Log Out Log in Join The Gotham View Print Magazines Subscribe Renew Filmmaking Columns Festivals & Events Interviews Videos Current Issue 25 New Faces Subscribe Advertise Support Issue Archive Privacy policy View Print Magazines Filmmaker magazine is a publication of The Gotham. Featured Next Previous “Feeling Vulnerable is a Good Thing”: Hugo De Sousa, Back To One, Episode 281 As an actor, Hugo De Sousa had breakout leading roles in We Used to Know Each Other, Mister Limbo, and Everything in The End. I was introduced to his work as an actor/filmmaker, with the celebrated shorts he made in collaboration with Frank Mosley—The Event and Good Condition. On this episode he talks extensively about the making of those films, and his latest, which might be of particular, cathartic interest to listeners of this podcast, the absurdist short Je Ne Suis Pas Une Star De Cinéma. Plus he discusses the importance of feeling “out of balance in front of the camera,” why he likes to absorb challenges on set, how independent cinema is “like robbing a bank,” and much more! Back… Read more By Peter Rinaldi “A Film Can Be a Spark, and What Comes After It Is Where the Magic Is”: Elizabeth Nichols on Her True/False-Debuting Flying Lessons Flying Lessons Debuting at True/False (followed by First Look), Elizabeth Nichols’s Flying Lessons is a beautiful ode to a New York City Lower East Side artist as well as to the larger “dying breed” that once roamed the streets of Alphabet City, performing in its now extinct clubs. Importantly, it's also a call to end rampant gentrification and a love story between director and character all rolled into one. The drama began, rather unhappily, with an eviction notice after NYC real estate owner/convicted fraudster Steve Croman bought the building Nichols was living in as a rent-stabilized tenant. Within months the “Bernie Madoff of landlords” had unleashed a harassment campaign (right down to the use of mafia-esque “tenant-relocation specialists”) that in turn led the filmmaker to join… Read more By Lauren Wissot “I Don’t Invest Hope in Celebrity or Leaders Too Much, But I Do Have Hope in People”: Mitch McCabe on Their True/False Premiere 23 Mile 23 Mile While the pandemic spurred many (white collar) Americans to flee the big cities and retreat to the safety and comfort of living room Zooming, Detroit native Mitch McCabe returned home to the big city and instead roamed the often chaotic streets, eventually journeying throughout Michigan, camera in tow. What the veteran filmmaker-educator (and Flaherty Seminar and MacDowell fellow) witnessed was what we all primarily saw in that “unprecedented” election year: anger. At lockdowns, at those attending protests unmasked. And masked. At the murder of George Floyd, at the BLM movement, at Trump. At Democrat elites like Governor Gretchen Whitmer and President Joe Biden. And while the characters were likewise familiar — from white gun-toting militiamen to Black bullhorn-wielding activists —… Read more By Lauren Wissot Pitch People: Restoring A 25-Year-Old Cinematic Documentary into 4K Pitch People Pitch People is a feature documentary that takes an energetic look at the pitch business, a dynamic world that started in Europe, made its way to the U.S. boardwalks, and exploded on worldwide television in the 1990s. The film was completed in 1999. It was well-received at various festivals and independent film venues but a year later, it was still incomplete. It was missing an audience, partially due to it never having a formal theatrical release. In 2020, production and postproduction stopped due to the pandemic. With advanced filmmaking tools available and new ways of making people aware of a film, I decided to restore the film and make it again available. The effort would utilize idle equipment and provide a… Read more By Stanley Jacobs “There is No Nice Way to Bulldoze a School”: Basel Adra and Yuval Abraham on No Other Land No Other Land Co-directed by an Israeli-Palestinian collective of four, No Other Land was filmed in the West Bank, in Masafer Yatta, where Israeli military and increasingly civilians have forced Palestinians out from their villages. Premiered at the 74th Berlinale, the debut feature won both the juried documentary award and the Audience Award in its section, Panorama—amply deserved honors for its adroit, affecting and infuriating portrayal of a tight-knit Palestinian community resisting Israel’s relentless campaign of expulsion. Basel Adra and Yuval Abraham, two of the co-directors, are also extensively on screen. Adra, whose father was also an activist, offers the film’s primary eyes and ears, both through the offenses he hustles to record at mortal risk—he’s essentially a war photographer who lives inside… Read more By Nicolas Rapold “I Want All The Lesbian Experiences I Can See On Film”: Tricia Cooke on Drive-Away Dolls Tricia Cooke and Ethan Coen on the set of Drive-Away Dolls Directed by and co-written with collaborator and husband, Ethan Coen, filmmaker and editor Tricia Cooke’ Drive Away Dolls (or Dykes, per the end credits) finds her doing sapphic donuts around classic movies like Kiss Me Deadly and even a little North By Northwest. As Jamie (Margaret Qualley) and Marian (Geraldine Viswanathan) decide to take a trip to Tallahassee, they’re dogged by inept criminals seeking a package and suitcase in the back trunk of the car the pair have rented. If the road trip movie and film noir have long been exercises to explore the American psyche and the landscape’s possible past and future, Drive Away Dolls’ future is rooted in its picaresque and picturesque conception of community, ping-ponging from one… Read more By Kyle Turner Latest News Popular Older Newer Older Newer Filmmaking Videos Subscribe To Filmmaker The Magazine of Independent Film ©2024 Filmmaker Magazine All Rights Reserved A Publication of The Gotham Subscribe Issue Archive Advertise Privacy Policy Support Contact Us Site by Vitamin M © 2024 Filmmaker Magazine. All Rights Reserved. A Publication of The Gotham We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. CookieDurationDescriptioncfmrk_cicUsed by Cloudflare to route user traffic for this Site.sparrow_idInstalled by Cloudflare. Used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not store any personal identifiable information. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. CookieDurationDescriptionOAGEOInstalled by the Revive Ad Server. Used to cache geolocation (session, deleted when closing the browser)OAIDInstalled by the Revive Ad Server to distinguish users. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Powered by