Homepage | Parkinson's UK Skip to main content P Helpline 0808 800 0303 Shop Forum Become a member Donate Open main menu Search Main navigation Information and support Information and support ⭢ Newly diagnosed with Parkinson's? Living with Parkinson's? Caring for someone with Parkinson's? Young onset Parkinson's Newly diagnosed to-do list What is Parkinson's? Types of Parkinson's What causes Parkinson's? Do I have Parkinson's? How does Parkinson's progress? Does Parkinson's run in families? Support for you Our support services Everyday life Work, money, driving and legal Relationships and family life Your Magazine Symptoms Motor symptoms Non-motor symptoms Mental health Monitoring your Parkinson's Treatments and therapies Therapies Physical activity and exercise Drug treatments Side effects of Parkinson's drugs Deep brain stimulation Get involved Get involved ⭢ Donate Ways to give Give in celebration Give in memory Leave a gift in your will Philanthropy Where your money goes Fundraising and events Find an event Do your own local fundraising Corporate fundraising Order a fundraising pack Pay in your fundraising Volunteer Find a volunteer role Volunteer induction Current volunteer resources Assemble User Guide Login to Assemble Campaign Become a campaigner Our benefits campaigns Our cost of living campaign Our health and social care campaigns Parkinson's in Parliament Membership Become a member AGM and trustee elections Research Research ⭢ Explore our research When will there be a cure for Parkinson's? The Parkinson's Virtual Biotech Our research projects Our achievements so far Get involved in research Take part in research Volunteer to help shape research Research events Parkinson's UK Brain Bank Donate to research appeals For Parkinson's researchers Open funding calls Information about our grants Resources and support for researchers Patient and Public Involvement Recruit participants to your study Staying connected with your participants Research news Research blog Our research magazine Professionals Professionals ⭢ Your Network UK Parkinson's Audit Local network groups Excellence Network Awards Professional funding opportunities Professionals news Resources Resource directory Clinical tools and assessments Guidelines Get It On Time resources Research resources Learning for all professionals For health and care staff For pharmacy professionals For therapists For Parkinson's nurses Search our learning directory For your patients Popular resources for patients Find support and activities near you First Steps programme Take part in research Events Conferences About us About us ⭢ Contact us Helpline and local advisers General enquiries Supporter enquiries Accessibility statement Feedback and complaints What we do Our strategy What we think Parkinson's UK in Scotland Parkinson's UK Cymru Parkinson's UK in Northern Ireland Jobs at Parkinson's UK Benefits of working for us Working at Parkinson's UK News and media Latest news Media and press office Your Magazine Information and support Back Information and support Newly diagnosed with Parkinson's? Back Newly diagnosed with Parkinson's? Living with Parkinson's? Caring for someone with Parkinson's? Young onset Parkinson's Newly diagnosed to-do list What is Parkinson's? Back What is Parkinson's? Types of Parkinson's What causes Parkinson's? Do I have Parkinson's? How does Parkinson's progress? Does Parkinson's run in families? Support for you Back Support for you Our support services Everyday life Work, money, driving and legal Relationships and family life Your Magazine Symptoms Back Symptoms Motor symptoms Non-motor symptoms Mental health Monitoring your Parkinson's Treatments and therapies Back Treatments and therapies Therapies Physical activity and exercise Drug treatments Side effects of Parkinson's drugs Deep brain stimulation Get involved Back Get involved Donate Back Donate Ways to give Give in celebration Give in memory Leave a gift in your will Philanthropy Where your money goes Fundraising and events Back Fundraising and events Find an event Do your own local fundraising Corporate fundraising Order a fundraising pack Pay in your fundraising Volunteer Back Volunteer Find a volunteer role Volunteer induction Current volunteer resources Assemble User Guide Login to Assemble Campaign Back Campaign Become a campaigner Our benefits campaigns Our cost of living campaign Our health and social care campaigns Parkinson's in Parliament Membership Back Membership Become a member AGM and trustee elections Research Back Research Explore our research Back Explore our research When will there be a cure for Parkinson's? The Parkinson's Virtual Biotech Our research projects Our achievements so far Get involved in research Back Get involved in research Take part in research Volunteer to help shape research Research events Parkinson's UK Brain Bank Donate to research appeals For Parkinson's researchers Back For Parkinson's researchers Open funding calls Information about our grants Resources and support for researchers Patient and Public Involvement Recruit participants to your study Staying connected with your participants Research news Back Research news Research blog Our research magazine Professionals Back Professionals Your Network Back Your Network UK Parkinson's Audit Local network groups Excellence Network Awards Professional funding opportunities Professionals news Resources Back Resources Resource directory Clinical tools and assessments Guidelines Get It On Time resources Research resources Learning for all professionals Back Learning for all professionals For health and care staff For pharmacy professionals For therapists For Parkinson's nurses Search our learning directory For your patients Back For your patients Popular resources for patients Find support and activities near you First Steps programme Take part in research Events Back Events Conferences About us Back About us Contact us Back Contact us Helpline and local advisers General enquiries Supporter enquiries Accessibility statement Feedback and complaints What we do Back What we do Our strategy What we think Parkinson's UK in Scotland Parkinson's UK Cymru Parkinson's UK in Northern Ireland Jobs at Parkinson's UK Back Jobs at Parkinson's UK Benefits of working for us Working at Parkinson's UK News and media Back News and media Latest news Media and press office Your Magazine Helpline: 08088000303 Shop Forum Become a member Donate Shop Forum Join us You’re the power behind our progress Thanks to our generous supporters, research is bringing us closer to new treatments and a cure. Keep up to date with our latest research developments by joining our Research Support Network. Join our Research Support Network We are Parkinson's UK By funding the right research into the most promising treatments, we get closer to a cure every day. Until then, we're here for everyone affected by Parkinson’s. We'll find a cure. Together. Read about Parkinson's in colder weather Keeping well during winter Cold weather, ice and seasonal illnesses can cause more complications for people with Parkinson's. Here's our advice on managing in the colder weather. Read about Parkinson's in colder weather Find newly diagnosed support Newly diagnosed with Parkinson's When you're diagnosed with Parkinson's, it may be hard to know where to start. There's a lot to consider and everyone's experience is different. We're here to support you. Find newly diagnosed support Find support on money, grants and benefits Cost of living support From benefits and grants to loans and other support, we're here to help you find what you need to live well with Parkinson's. Find support on money, grants and benefits We can reach a future without Parkinson's But we can only do this together. Every donation you give will help fund pioneering research to find a cure, personalised support services, and campaigns for fair benefits and high quality health and social care. Donate today Find local services, activities and support There is lots of in-person and online support to help you live well with Parkinson’s. Search to find your nearest local group, emotional and practical support, health and wellbeing services or social activities. Find local services How you can help Fundraise with us Fundraise with us Run, walk, bake, recycle or anything you can think of. Help fund groundbreaking research and life-changing services for people with Parkinson's. Fundraise with us Take part in research Research with us We're chasing down new treatments and a cure. But we can't do it without you. Help us power breakthroughs. Take part in research Volunteer now Volunteer with us From helping at events to supporting research. Our volunteers are changing the lives of everyone living with Parkinson's. Volunteer now Join the movement Campaign with us We're building a movement to fight for a fair benefits system and high quality health and social care for people with Parkinson's. Join the movement Helpline 0808 800 0303 Free and confidential Parkinson’s information and support helpline. Open Monday to Friday, 9am to 6pm and Saturday, 10am to 2pm. Text relay: 18001 0808 800 0303 Email: [email protected] Support for you Worried you have Parkinson's? Carer or family member? Find local support Health or social care professionals Living with Parkinson's Recently diagnosed? Follow us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Parkinson's UK Parkinson's UK 215 Vauxhall Bridge Road London SW1V 1EJ Tel: 020 7931 8080 Parkinson's UK is the operating name of the Parkinson's Disease Society of the United Kingdom. A registered charity in England and Wales (258197) and in Scotland (SC037554). Footer About our health content Cookies Contact Feedback and complaints Jobs News Press office Privacy policy Terms of use