Welcome to the City of Cambridge Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .govA .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPSA lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. City of Cambridge Quick Links Boards & Commissions Calendar City Directory Contact City Council Department List Forms & Documents Municipal Code Pay Bills Online Property Database SeeClickFix View News Watch City Council Subscribe Translate Services A Affordable Housing Afterschool Programs Lottery Alert Network B Birth Certificate Boards and Commissions Building Permit Business Certificate C - D Community Garden Program Construction Project Information Curbside Composting Death Certificate Doing Business with the City Dog License E - L Electrical Permit Housing Information Immigrant & Immigration Resources M - P Marriage License One Day Licenses Plumbing Permit Purchasing Bid List Q - Z Report Issue Online Retirement System Special Event Towed Vehicle Lookup Trash/Recycling Winter Warming Center Commonly Requested Board of Zoning Appeal City Council Historical Commission License Commission Planning Board Job Listings Pay or View Bill Property Database Street Cleaning View All Services I Want To Apply For Affordable Housing Board or Commission Building Permit Dog License Electrical Permit Job with the City Summer Camp Programs Moving Van Permit Plumbing Permit Resident/Visitor Parking Permit View Calendar Listings City Council Meeting Details City News Housing Information Library Hours & Locations Move In Resources Open Data Ordinances Parking Information Street Cleaning Information Sign Up For Emergency Alerts Recycling and Trash Notifications Street Cleaning Alerts Weekly Email from City Order Birth Certificate Death Certificate Marriage Certificate Municipal Lien Certificate Look Up City Directory Farmers Market Property Information Resources for Immigrants Street Cleaning Schedule Towed Vehicle Recycling and Trash Schedule War Memorial Schedule Contact City Council City Manager Mayor Communications Office Submit Anonymous Crime Tip Certified Payroll Report Service Request Request Museum Pass Public Records Do Business with the City Pay Bills Online View All I Want To's Departments A - C Animal Commission Assessing Auditing Budget Cambridge Arts City Clerk's Office City Council City Manager's Office Commission for Persons with Disabilities Community Development Community Safety Consumers' Council D - F Election Commission Electrical Emergency Communications Equity & Inclusion Family Policy Council Finance Fire Department G - L Historical Commission Human Resources Human Rights Commission Human Service Programs Immigrant Rights & Citizenship (CIRC) Information Technology Inspectional Services Law LGBTQ+ Commission Library License Commission M - P Mayor's Office Peace Commission Police Department Police Review and Advisory Board Public Health Public Works (DPW) Purchasing Q - Z Retirement Board School Department Tourism Office Traffic, Parking, and Transportation Veterans' Services Water Department Weights & Measures Women's Commission # 22-CityView Department Directory Participatory Budgeting Make Your Voice Heard! Vote for Projects to Improve CambridgeMarch 7 - 17, 2024 Participatory Budgeting Vote for Projects to Improve CambridgeMarch 7 - 17, 2024 Make Your Voice Heard! Make Your Voice Heard! Pay a Bill Online Open Meeting Portal Report an Issue Online Library Hours & Locations View Property Database Pay Parking Tickets Access Online Services Online Permitting Curbside Collections Apply for a Job View More Subscribe to Daily Updates Get daily updates on Cambridge news and information. Sign up now! View the City's privacy statement News Current Board Vacancies: LGBTQ+ Commission, Planning Board, Cambridge Public Library Board of Trustees, Danehy Park Improvements Plan Working Group Serving on a board or commission can be a rewarding experience and an excellent way to contribute to the quality of life of the community in which you live or work. Are you ready to play a critical role in shaping Cambridge’s civic landscape? Apply today at Cambridgema.gov/Apply. Details, Maps and Polling Locations for March 5, 2024 Presidential Primary You can use the Voter Registration Search to find your voter status, ward, precinct, polling location, and legislative districts. Cambridge Gives Residents an Opportunity to Vote on How to Spend a Record-High $2 Million and Improve the City Through Capital and Operating Projects The City of Cambridge is excited to once again invite community members to vote on projects aimed at improving the city as part of the 10th Participatory Budgeting (PB) process. From March 7 to March 17, 2024, all Cambridge residents aged 12 and older, including all 6th graders and university students, will have the opportunity to participate. Draft One-Year Action Plan for FY2025 HUD Grants Available A DRAFT version of the FY2025 Annual Action Plan is available for review and comment by the public. Cambridge Celebrates Women's History Month Cambridge Public Library is hosting several events in celebration of Women's History Month LGBTQ Resources Story Map New Story Map highlighting resources for LGBTQ+ residents of Cambridge and their communities. Apply to Cambridge Works to Get Paid Job Experience! The program is open to Cambridge residents, ages 18-35. View All View Our Digital Publications Learn More Coming Up Mar 05 Tue Election Commission 9:30 PM Election Night Meeting In Person Only Mar 06 Wed Board of Assessors Public Meeting 10:00 AM Board of Assessors Public Meeting Cambridge Retirement Board Quarterly Investment Review 11:00 AM 11:00 AM Segal Marco Advisors 11:30 AM Abrdn The Housing Committee 12:00 PM The Housing Committee The Economic Development and University Relations Committee 3:00 PM The Economic Development and University Relations Committee Election Commission 3:30 PM Review of Provisional Ballots from the March 5, 2024 Presidential Primary Cambridge Affordable Housing Trust 4:00 PM The Affordable Housing Trust will hold its monthly meeting in-person and via Zoom webinar. February's meeting has been POSTPONED until March 6th and will be held at City Hall, 795 Massachusetts Ave, in the Ackermann Room. Register to join this Affordable Housing Trust meeting. The meeting agenda and meeting materials will be posted on the Affordable Housing Trust webpage. Harvard Square Advisory Committee Hybrid Meeting 6:00 PM A meeting of the Harvard Square Advisory Committee. Mar 05 Tue Election Commission 9:30 PM Election Night Meeting In Person Only Mar 06 Wed Board of Assessors Public Meeting 10:00 AM Board of Assessors Public Meeting Cambridge Retirement Board Quarterly Investment Review 11:00 AM 11:00 AM Segal Marco Advisors 11:30 AM Abrdn The Housing Committee 12:00 PM The Housing Committee The Economic Development and University Relations Committee 3:00 PM The Economic Development and University Relations Committee Election Commission 3:30 PM Review of Provisional Ballots from the March 5, 2024 Presidential Primary Cambridge Affordable Housing Trust 4:00 PM The Affordable Housing Trust will hold its monthly meeting in-person and via Zoom webinar. February's meeting has been POSTPONED until March 6th and will be held at City Hall, 795 Massachusetts Ave, in the Ackermann Room. Register to join this Affordable Housing Trust meeting. The meeting agenda and meeting materials will be posted on the Affordable Housing Trust webpage. Mar 05 Tue Election Commission 9:30 PM Election Night Meeting In Person Only Mar 06 Wed Board of Assessors Public Meeting 10:00 AM Board of Assessors Public Meeting Cambridge Retirement Board Quarterly Investment Review 11:00 AM 11:00 AM Segal Marco Advisors 11:30 AM Abrdn View All Interactive Equity and Inclusion Dashboard Click to View Contact City Hall 795 Massachusetts Ave. Cambridge, MA 02139 Ph: 617-349-4000 Hours of Service Mon: 8:30AM - 8PM Tue - Thu: 8:30AM - 5PM Fri: 8:30AM - 12PM Pay Bills Online Property Database Watch City Council Calendar View City Directory Find Forms & Documents Yi-An Huang, City Manager Public Records Request Disclaimer Jobs Privacy Statement Social Media Media Inquiries Contact Us © 2024 City of Cambridge Contact Us How can we help? Please provide as much detail below as possible so City staff can respond to your inquiry: Description:* Name: Email: As a governmental entity, the Massachusetts Public Records Law applies to records made or received by the City. Any information received through use of this site is subject to the same provisions as information provided on paper. Read our complete privacy statement Service Requests Enter a service request via SeeClickFix for things like missed trash pickups, potholes, etc., click here Close