Animated Video Production Company | Wyzowl Video Types Animated Videos POPULAR App Demo Videos Corporate Videos Customer Onboarding Videos Customer Service Videos Demo Videos Event Videos Explainer Videos POPULAR Interactive VideosPOPULAR Live Action Videos Product Demo Videos Sales Videos Social Media Videos Teaser Videos Testimonial Videos POPULAR Training Videos Video ads POPULAR See All Video Types >> About Us Why Wyzowl Our Customers & 5* Reviews Our Team Blog Data Contact Us Login Get Pricing Select Page The all-in-one animated video production company Animated Video Production Whether you want to increase sales, build brand awareness or educate your audience – we create videos that help you do it. Get a price for your project or watch our showreel What type of video do you need? We’re a team of video experts with extensive experience: over the last 13 years, we’ve created 3,000+ animated videos for 1,500+ companies from 40+ countries! Choose a video type below to get more info and see more examples of our work… Animated Explainer Video We create custom explainer videos that explain (almost) anything! From products and services to complex concepts and ideas, explainer videos are the way to make your audience 'get it.' Find out more Product Demo Video Demonstrate the inner workings of your product with demo videos that take the audience inside the product, helping them see its value! Find out more Video Advert Combine beautiful video content with powerful ad targeting options to reach the right person, at the right time, with the right message. Find out more Training Video We create beautiful animated videos that supercharge your employee training! Our educational videos increase knowledge, drive engagement – and create meaningful change in organisations. Find out more Interactive Video Put your viewer in control of their animated video experience! Let them interact with your video content – making decisions, answering questions and more. Find out more Testimonial Video Let your happiest customers do the talking for your brand, with testimonial videos that win trust, boost credibility, convince and convert! Find out more Social Media Video Social media is a crowded, competitive world. Make animated video your unique point of difference with content that engages and inspires your target audience. Find out more Video Interview Personalise your brand by putting yourself and your team on camera. Tell your story in your own words, and share your expertise. Find out more Customer Onboarding Videos Give your new customers and users a big welcome to your brand with animated video content that gets them up and running in style. Find out more View all video types Since 2011, we’ve created videos for companies all over the world, from small businesses to household names! We have more experience than most other companies when it comes to creating animated explainer videos. We were one of the first explainer video production companies to the market back in 2011 and since then we’ve created over 3,000 animated videos for over 1,500 companies in over 40 countries. Pioneers Since 2011 Back in 2011 Dropbox, Google and others brought animated explainer videos to the mainstream. At the same time, we pioneered creating animated explainer videos with clear pricing, fixed turnarounds & unlimited revisions through the entire process. Worldwide Service We’ve worked with businesses from 40+ different countries worldwide. We’ve been able to do this efficiently by building our own client project management system. Every day we deliver video animation services for clients all over the world! Various Video Styles We love to adapt to different video styles, and keep on top of the latest trends and patterns in the industry. Over the years, we’ve worked in various animated video styles from 2D graphics, line drawn and sketch through to 3D and image based – as well as expanding into live action videos. Over 3,000 Videos Completed We’re lucky to have completed so many videos for so many companies. Our wealth of experience has helped us understand what works, why, how and in what way for which type of business. Original Research We work hard to understand the market we’re helping to grow. We regularly undertake research such as our ‘State of Video marketing’ survey to understand how the market is evolving. This real-time intelligence helps us deliver 1st class animated video services based on up-to-date insights. We know Video Our experience, hard work and unique skill set have made us undisputed explainer video production experts! Every project we work on is calculated to hold your audience’s attention, compelling them to a) understand your message, and b) take action! See more about why people work with us Explainer video production success stories We pride ourselves on delivering a service – and final product – that delights and inspires the people we work with. Here are what some of our happy clients say about their Wyzowl experience… I often say the best way to determine a great partner is your willingness to work with them again. We’ve done this time and time again with Wyzowl and I urge others to do the same! Randy Frish CMO, Uberflip We wanted to open the window to our site without people having to register or make a commitment. Tools like an explainer video are key for us to explain what we’re all about. Wyzowl enhanced the ideas we had for the video and I couldn’t recommend them highly enough. Simon Swan Hiring Hub I was very impressed with the professionalism and friendliness of everyone involved and can’t fault anyone at any stage! Everything was explained clearly and all queries were answered promptly! Anthony Gougeon Capital on Tap Wyzowl are an efficient, professional, and friendly company to do business with. They get the job done brilliantly and are creative, supportive and proactive. I’m glad for the opportunity to work with them on our video content needs globally, and have really enjoyed working with them over the past year. Nicole Jacobson Creative Director, Crucial Wyzowl has delivered high quality videos for our organisation, we are really satisfied with the results and that’s why we keep working with them. I would absolutely recommend them to make any kind of video for your organisation. Fatima Rodriguez Takeaway.com Amazing, amazing, amazing. This is quite frankly the best service I have received from a business in many many years. Why can’t more people be like Wyzowl?? Keep it up. Simon Rayner PR in a Box We’ve seen hundreds of thousands of dollars in the form of new customers who originated with us by watching a Wyzowl video. Sean Crafts Founder, Mavenlink Truly exceptional service and follow through. To cut to the chase, we had a fantastic experience with Wyzowl and absolutely recommend them. Justin McCullough Capital One We have worked with Wyzowl multiple times now because of the smooth and straightforward experience they’ve provided each time. Our most recent project focused on generating awareness for the launch of our newest form builder and we are glad to say it was a resounding success. The video we created with Wyzowl has had hundreds of thousands of views to date, and it’s still climbing. Because of their outstanding skills and production time, I would not hesitate to work with them again. Aytekin Tank Founder, Jotform I really enjoyed working with Wyzowl on our series of videos. From the quoting/proposal process to the finished product, the experience with Wyzowl was great! Lynsay Williams Oxford University Press We are really happy with the final video and indeed have been really impressed with the whole process by everyone at Wyzowl!! David Rowland Natixis It was such a pleasure to work with Wyzowl! During every stage of the project, they delivered amazing work that required very little revisions – saving time for the both of us! Thank you for making my life a little easier. I am so happy with my custom video and would most definitely recommend Wyzowl! Kelsey Berry Qspex From startups to enterprise, we’re trusted globally! Get more info & pricing Since we started Wyzowl in 2011 we’ve had simple fixed pricing. Whether you’re a startup or an enterprise, we’ve got an animated video production package that’s right for you. Fill out the form below and we’ll send a FREE info pack with everything you need to know about our service, straight to your inbox. "*" indicates required fields Your name* First Last Email address* Phone*Your video requirements*Hiddencloudamp__data__c* Hiddengclid NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Frequently Asked Questions Got questions about our service, us or how it all works? See a few of the most common questions we get below. How much does it cost? Our pricing is simple and easy to understand – get in touch for a free quote! What’s included in the Wyzowl package? Simply put you get everything: we write your script, create the required graphics from scratch, and create your video complete with music, sound effects and a professional voiceover track. Can I make changes throughout the video production process? Absolutely! One of our key selling points is that we offer unlimited revisions at each stage of the process. All we ask is that you sign off at each stage (script, storyboard, and project completion) so we can work efficiently and keep things moving forward! I have a complicated product: is video right for me? Absolutely, yes. We’ve created hundreds of explanatory videos that educate audiences about complicated products and complex subjects from cloud storage to crypto! We even create videos about things that don’t exist yet as animation is the perfect medium to explain ideas and concepts. How does the explainer video production process work? Explainer video production is a complex endeavour with a lot of moving parts. We keep things simple for our clients with a clear, simple process. How should I choose an explainer video company? We recognise that there’s lots of choice in the market – choosing an explainer video company is more difficult than ever! If you’re looking for cost certainty, a process that puts you in control, then we’re the explainer video company for you. What’s special about Wyzowl? We’ve worked hard to create a product and service offering that sets us apart from other animated video production companies. Our breadth of experience and the skills of our team of experts are one part of this, but we’re also obsessive about customer service and this is ingrained into the way we work. We’ll work with you to achieve an end product you absolutely love! How many explainer videos have you created and which brands have you worked with? We’ve created animated explainer videos for 3,000+ clients all over the world. If you want to know more detail then we’re happy to chat. How do I choose a video style? Choosing a specific animation style can be difficult since there are a lot of different ways to do it. Check out some eye-catching animation inspiration here. Once you’ve identified a style you like, make sure that your chosen animated video agency is able to execute that style for you! Video TypesAnimated Videos App Demo Videos Commercial Videos Corporate Videos Customer Onboarding Videos Customer Service Videos Demo Videos Educational Videos Employee Onboarding Videos Event Videos Explainer Videos Interactive Videos Live Action Videos Motion Graphics Product Demo Videos Promotional Videos Sales Videos Social Media Videos Teaser Videos Testimonial Videos Training Videos Video Ads Videographics YouTube Videos IndustriesAgriculture Videos Automotive Videos Beauty Videos Charity Videos Construction Videos Crowdfunding & Kickstarter Videos Cyber Security Videos Ecommerce Videos Financial Services Videos Fintech Videos Food & Drink Videos Health and Fitness Videos Health and Safety Videos Healthcare Videos Hospitality & Hotel Videos Human Resources Videos Insurance Videos Legal Videos Manufacturing Videos Nonprofit Videos Real Estate Videos Recruitment Videos Software Videos Startup Videos Travel Videos Other PagesPricing Why Wyzowl Our Customers & 5* Reviews Our Team Blog Original Data Guides Contact Us Login Find Us UK Address: Wyzowl c/o 4040 Media Limited, PO Box 828, Southport PR8 9UB US Address: Wyzowl, 307 W 38th St, 16th Floor PMB 112, New York, NY 10018 © Copyright Wyzowl 2023Animated Explainer Video Company Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Policy