Alice – Tell Stories. Build Games. Learn to Program. About Alice Our History The Team Donors & Partners Join Us Get Alice Alice 3 Alice 3 Player + VR Alice 3 with Netbeans Alice 2 Resources Alice 3 HowTo Lessons Exercises & Projects Audio Library Curriculum Textbooks Alice 2 HowTos Lessons Exercises & Projects Audio Library Curriculums Textbooks Workshops Downloads & Swag Community Featured Projects Alice Challenge Workshops & Events Downloads & Swag Contact News Research Support Contact Donate Telling StoriesAlice is an easy to use virtual environment creation and animation tool that allows you to craft rich stories. Build GamesIn Alice you can easily build interactive elements for game programs and explore the art of game design. Learn to ProgramThe easy to use drag and drop interface makes programming easy and can even help you transition to a text based language. Alice is an innovative block-based programming environment that makes it easy to create animations, build interactive narratives, or program simple games in 3D. Unlike many of the puzzle-based coding applications Alice motivates learning through creative exploration. Alice is designed to teach logical and computational thinking skills, fundamental principles of programming and to be a first exposure to object-oriented programming. The Alice Project provides supplemental tools and materials for teaching using Alice across a spectrum of ages and subject matter with proven benefits in engaging and retaining diverse and underserved groups in computer science education. Alice 3 has all of the features that have made Alice an exciting and creative first programming experience with an added emphasis on object-oriented concepts. Get Alice 3 Alice 2 has a proven record as great tool for learning logical and computational thinking skills and the fundamental principles of programming. Get Alice 2 Featured Projects Alice 3 Interactive Narrative Example: Evergarden Alice 3 Peacock Romance Christina B. Alice 3 Alice Regional Challenge Middle School Finalists More Projects Blog September 02 Alice 3.8 update The Alice team has been very eager to get this update out. There are lots of bug fixes and improvements […] June 12 Summer with Alice Schools out and the Alice team has some things in the pipeline: Want to bring Alice 3 to your […] March 08 3 Questions with Rachel Fenichel, Director of Blockly on Google’s Education Team “Alice was something that showed me that programming was more than just words on a screen.” In honor of […] More news Sorry, there was a problem.Twitter returned the following error message:Invalid or expired token.