The U.S. Currency Education Program Skip to main content Accessibility Statement Turn Animations Off Menu Close Search this Section English Español ខ្មែរ ไทย Tiếng Việt expand language menu Main navigation Denominations expand sub-menu $1 $2 $5 $10 $20 $50 $100 Banknote Identifiers History Older-Design Banknotes Educational Materials expand sub-menu Download Materials Order Materials Training Resources expand sub-menu Training Course Cash Assist Mobile App K-5 Classrooms expand sub-menu Currency Academy Lesson Plans Money Adventure Mobile App 6 - 8 Classrooms expand sub-menu Cash Codebreakers Game Cash Codebreakers for Educators Media expand sub-menu Videos Podcast News Currency Image Use Contact Us Multimedia Library Life Cycle expand sub-menu Journey to Circulation Life Cycle Infographic Lifespan Data U.S. Currency in Circulation Report a Counterfeit Learn to authenticate your money Explore the security features of U.S. currency white-background Image Older Designs Can Still Be Used All designs of U.S. currency remain legal tender, regardless of when they were issued. Image Celebrating Women’s History Month Learn about women’s impact in the history of U.S. currency. Image Training Resources Learn how to authenticate with online training resources like industry-specific toolkits and a self-paced online training course. Did you know? It would take 4,000 double folds, forwards and backwards to tear a banknote. Learn more Multimedia Library See the full library Previous items Next items Video Featured Does the Fed Print Money? Image New! Image Image New! Image Image New! Image Image New! Image Image New! Image Podcast New! Noteworthy Podcast Episode 8: Green Money Podcast New! Symbols in the Seal Podcast New! Noteworthy Podcast Episode 6: Camera Ready Currency Podcast New! Noteworthy Podcast Episode 5: Banknote Bonanza Podcast New! Noteworthy Podcast Episode 4: The Magic Behind the ATM Did you know? Want to measure your notes in a different way? A stack of currency one mile high would contain more than 14.5 million banknotes. Learn more Recent Updates white-background Take a closer look at our newest content. Image Order Materials Order resources about U.S. currency to support training, education, and consumer protection initiatives – all materials and shipping are free. Image Carnival Thrills & Dollar Bills Bring the carnival to the classroom with this illustrated book about currency! Image Cash Codebreakers Middle schoolers will solve algebra problems and learn about security features to escape the money museum! Did you know? No matter the denomination, a banknote weights approximately 1 gram. Because there are 454 grams in one pound, this means there are 454 notes in one pound of currency. Learn more Media Image Green Money Podcast Listen in on conversations about the history, use, and designs of Federal Reserve notes. Learn More Our Apps Money Adventure Money Adventure is a fun, interactive smartphone and tablet app that helps students learn about the security and design features of Federal Reserve notes. Cash Assist With Cash Assist's suite of tools, you can learn to quickly locate and understand the security features of the cash in your hands. Use your phone's camera, accelerometer, and more to help you make decisions. Report a Counterfeit Learn about the recent changes to the counterfeit reporting process. Learn more Stay connected or send us a message. Ask a Question Footer menu About Us Contact Us Accessibility Statement Privacy Statement Social Media Disclosure Site Map FAQ Denominations Report a Counterfeit THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TWENTY DOLLARS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TWENTY DOLLARS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TWENTY DOLLARS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TWENTY DOLLARS Stay connected