Association for Psychological Science – APS Register for the 2024 APS Annual Convention Registration is now open for the 2024 APS Annual Convention in San Francisco! Register before April 10, 2024 and save with early-bird rates. News Research Topics Conventions & Events 2024 APS Annual Convention Webinars & Virtual Events Past and Future Conventions Journals Psychological Science Current Directions in Psychological Science Psychological Science in the Public Interest Perspectives on Psychological Science Clinical Psychological Science Advances in Methods and Practices in Psychological Science The Observer Archive About the Observer Advertising Contact the Editor Presidential Columns Funding & Policy Get Informed Get Funded Get Involved Members Awards & Honors Member Directory Lifetime Members Student Members Teaching of Psychology Donors Career Resources Employment Podcasts & Videos APS Podcasts and Audio Content Up-and-Coming Voices Convention Plenaries and Keynotes Inside the Psychologist’s Studio APS YouTube Channel More APS Video Collections About Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Board of Directors Staff Directory Ethics Policy & Code of Conduct Policy & Position Statements Login Join APS Register for the 2024 APS Annual Convention Registration is now open for the 2024 APS Annual Convention in San Francisco! Register before April 10, 2024 and save with early-bird rates. Upcoming Events06MARProfessional Development Workshop: Conference Hints I - Effective Presentations and Promoting Your Work 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM20MARScience for Society: Barriers to Access in Mental Health Services 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM03APRProfessional Development Workshop: Conference Hints II - Academic Community and How to Make Long-Lasting Connections 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM01MAYProfessional Development Workshop: Conference Hints III - Networking in Academia and Beyond 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM22MAY2024 APS-STP Teaching Institute Only 6:00 PM - 6:00 PM Webinars & Virtual Events Mental health services can be an integral aspect of maintaining one’s wellbeing. However, access to mental health services is not universal and systematically varies due to existing stigmas and structural barriers. In this webinar, the speakers will discuss their research identifying barriers to mental health services and steps they’ve taken to reach underserved communities. Register today! Latest Podcast Webinars & Virtual Events With the APS Annual Convention fast approaching, the organization will be featuring a three-part Professional Development seminar series on how to prepare for APS 2024 in May for students early in their careers. The first seminar in the series will focus on tips and tricks for creating effective presentations. Register today! News and Research Couples Who Laugh Together, Stay Together Podcast: In this episode, psychological scientists Norman Li and Kenneth Tan illuminate how the mutual creation and enjoyment of humor serves as crucial markers of relationship well-being. We All Love to Be Loved, But Women May Experience Love More Frequently than Men Conventional wisdom holds that men and women approach romance differently. But new research suggests that love is important for well-being regardless of gender—and the differences that do exist may hint at the evolutionary basis of love. Seven Early-Career Researchers Honored With 2024 APS Janet Taylor Spence Award The seven recipients are honored for cutting-edge research on topics ranging from self-regulation to collective emotions to multicultural experiences. APS Resources and Announcements PSPI Live This online symposium series takes a deeper look at important papers published in the APS journal Psychological Science in the Public Interest. APS Commitment to Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Learn about APS’s commitment to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion in all areas of our leadership, membership, activities, staff, and field. Webinars & Virtual Events Explore all of APS’s digital offerings, including Convention sessions and interviews, webinars, news podcasts, and more! APS Programs and Member Resources Campus Representative Program Be a leader at your school. Help the APS Student Caucus spread the word about programs, network with others in the field, and gain valuable experience! Write for Us! The Observer is a great way for APS members to share timely and relevant research, insights about how the science is changing the world, profiles of leaders and change agents within the field, and more. APS Global Collaboration on COVID-19 Six working groups explore how psychological science can more effectively inform solutions to pandemics. Resources on Combating Misinformation Browse this extensive collection of resources exploring how misinformation hobbles understanding of critical topics and what can be done to mitigate the risks. Employment & Career Browse job openings and fellowships, learn about funding opportunities, and read about research pathways and career insights. Government Research, Funding, and Policy Learn about the government institutes, agencies, and policies that support research and training for psychological scientists. Who We Are Privacy Policy Contact Us Donate Advertising Follow APS © Association for Psychological Science CookiesWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. To accept or reject certain categories of cookies specifically please click the Cookie Settings link. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie settingsAccept RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. CookieDurationDescription__cf_bm30 minutesThis cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. CookieDurationDescriptionAWSELBCORS5 minutesThis cookie is used by Elastic Load Balancing from Amazon Web Services to effectively balance load on the servers. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. CookieDurationDescriptionat-randneverAddThis sets this cookie to track page visits, sources of traffic and share counts.CONSENT2 yearsYouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.uvc1 year 27 daysSet by addthis.com to determine the usage of addthis.com service._ga2 yearsThe _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._gat_gtag_UA_3507334_11 minuteSet by Google to distinguish users._gid1 dayInstalled by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. CookieDurationDescriptionloc1 year 27 daysAddThis sets this geolocation cookie to help understand the location of users who share the information.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE5 months 27 daysA cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.YSCsessionYSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneverYouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.yt-remote-device-idneverYouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.yt.innertube::nextIdneverThis cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen.yt.innertube::requestsneverThis cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Powered by