jhnewsandguide.com | Local and breaking news for Jackson Hole Wyoming. Skip to main content Site search Search Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Local Events Promote Your Event News Town & County Environmental Schools Cops & Courts Legislature Health Elections Features Business Real Estate Locals in Ukraine What Works: Solutions Year in Review Special Sections About the Jackson Hole News and Guide Staff Submit Story Idea Valley Scene Sports State/Regional Opinion Photos & Video Classifieds Place Classified Ad Public Notices Jobs Subscribe Obituaries Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Email Alerts Advertise Home Local Events Promote Your Event News Town & County Environmental Schools Cops & Courts Legislature Health Elections Features Business Real Estate Locals in Ukraine What Works: Solutions Year in Review Special Sections About the Jackson Hole News and Guide Staff Submit Story Idea Valley Scene Sports State/Regional Opinion Photos & Video Classifieds Place Classified Ad Public Notices Jobs Subscribe Obituaries 21° Cloudy Jackson, Wyoming Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Site search Search Today in Jackson National Elk Refuge began feeding Monday, its latest start ever By Billy Arnold Jackson Hole Daily 7 hrs ago 0 The deluge of dense snow that fell over the weekend pushed the National Elk Refuge to start laying out lines of alfal… Lummis relays message to 67th Legislature By Jasmine Hall Jackson Hole Daily 12 hrs ago 0 U.S. Sen. Cynthia Lummis, R-Wyo., had a message for her former colleagues and new faces in the state Legislature: Pre… Memorial service for Kelly Krause set for Saturday 12 hrs ago 0 A memorial service for Kelly Krause will be held at 11 a.m. Saturday at First Baptist Church. He died Friday in a ski… Hirschland, 64, dies at home 12 hrs ago 0 Longtime Wilson resident Liz Hirschland died peacefully in her sleep at home Monday following a long illness. She was… Bird Club's March 12 meeting to focus on jharlequin ducks 12 hrs ago 0 Local bird lovers like to make annual spring pilgrimages to Yellowstone National Park’s LeHardy Rapids to observe bre… Gregory Lane design concepts presented Tuesday Staff Report Jackson Hole Daily 12 hrs ago 0 The public is invited to give input on plans for upgrading Gregory Lane during an open house from 5:30 to 7 p.m. toni… Look out for tax season scams and robocalls By Kate Ready Jackson Hole Daily 12 hrs ago 0 Amid the typical tax season stress, residents are also tasked with remaining vigilant when it comes to cybercrime. Storm buries valley under 17" of dense snow By Johanna Love • Jackson Hole Daily Mar 4, 2024 0 Snow started falling thick and fast on Friday night, and people woke up Saturday to a blanket of almost a foot and a … Jackson Hole, WY News Jackson, Wyoming News Business New Lost Creek owners expect little change New Lost Creek owners expect little change +2 Arts Turner Fine Art goes crazy for ravens Turner Fine Art goes crazy for ravens +4 High School Sports Emotions run high at state wrestling meet Emotions run high at state wrestling meet This Week Howie Garber focuses his lens on nature By Tibby Plasse 0 Howie Garber’s passion for conservation shines through his photography. But being an artist was not always his intention. A letter from the publisher By Adam Meyer 0 It has been just over one year since I accepted the honor and responsibility of leading the Jackson Hole News&Gui… Riot Act dares to venture onto Bard's 'great stage of fools' By Richard Anderson 0 In William Shakespeare’s tragedy “King Lear,” the precipitating action — the moment back to which we can trace all th… New works dazzle at Altamira By Michael Carmody 0 Traditional forms and materials find bold, modern expression in a treasury of new works on display now at Altamira Fi… Howie Garber focuses his lens on nature By Tibby Plasse 0 Howie Garber’s passion for conservation shines through his photography. But being an artist was not always his intention. SPET funding works to assess assisted living needs By Jeannette Boner 0 The newly formed Teton Assisted Living nonprofit will host a series of public sessions on March 7, looking for input … Wilson, 71, recovers from Victor crash By Kate Ready 0 Jim Wilson and his grandson had just left a birthday party around 5 p.m. Jan. 15 in Victor, Idaho, and were passing t… Today in Jackson National Elk Refuge began feeding Monday, its latest start ever By Billy Arnold Jackson Hole Daily 0 The deluge of dense snow that fell over the weekend pushed the National Elk Refuge to start laying out lines of alfal… Lummis relays message to 67th Legislature By Jasmine Hall Jackson Hole Daily 0 U.S. Sen. Cynthia Lummis, R-Wyo., had a message for her former colleagues and new faces in the state Legislature: Pre… Memorial service for Kelly Krause set for Saturday 0 A memorial service for Kelly Krause will be held at 11 a.m. Saturday at First Baptist Church. He died Friday in a ski… Hirschland, 64, dies at home 0 Longtime Wilson resident Liz Hirschland died peacefully in her sleep at home Monday following a long illness. She was… Bird Club's March 12 meeting to focus on jharlequin ducks 0 Local bird lovers like to make annual spring pilgrimages to Yellowstone National Park’s LeHardy Rapids to observe bre… Valley Giddy up! Skijoring event in Driggs brings out hundreds to watch horse and skier When you couple the passion of both ski racers and horse people in the same venue, you get a… Sports Chemistry fuels Broncs drive to hoops After the buzzer sounded on the girls’ regular season, one that ended the team’s closest gam… Scene Guessing game back at Whodunnit? A palette of artistry, anonymity and anticipation is on display in the Art Association of Ja… State/Regional Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Donald Trump says the Supreme Court opinion unanimously restoring him to 2024 presidential p… Hole Health +9 The art of therapy Story by Jeannette Boner Photos by Morgan Timms Feb 21, 2024 0 Down the hallway and around the corner, a waft of tone and tenor moves through Sage Living. Turning loss into awareness: Physicians face higher risk of suicide By Jasmine Hall Updated Feb 23, 2024 0 Tammy Brown fell in love with a small-town kid from Sugar City, Idaho, almost 25 years ago. Acupuncture pokes bounds of western medicine By Kate Ready Feb 21, 2024 0 Acupuncture is gaining recognition for its holistic approach to health care, empowering indi… Boxing and the brain By Rich Anderson Feb 21, 2024 0 Down on South Park Drive one recent Friday in Jackson Hole Indoor, a sports facility, four m… READ MORE HOLE HEALTH More News Local Storm buries valley under 17" of dense snow By Johanna Love • Jackson Hole Daily Mar 4, 2024 0 Snow started falling thick and fast on Friday night, and people woke up Saturday to a blanket of almost a foot and a half of fresh snow. Local Senate stalls budget negotiations By Jasmine Hall • Jackson Hole Daily Mar 4, 2024 0 The fate of the 2025-26 state budget hangs in the air. Local Jackson, Teton officers remember slain sergeant in Sheridan By Kate Ready • Jackson Hole Daily Mar 4, 2024 0 Jackson and Teton County law enforcement officers joined a convoy of police cars from across… Local Legislature clamps down on abortion, requiring transvaginal ultrasounds By Jasmine Hall Jackson Hole Daily Mar 2, 2024 3 As lawmakers in Cheyenne move to further restrict access to abortion, a bill making its way … READ MORE NEWS READ MORE VALLEY Valley Obituaries Kent Parsons, 81, grew up in Kelly Kent Parsons, 81, grew up in Kelly Circling the Square Low plates often are handed down Low plates often are handed down Health Mindfulness a pillar of physical health, too Mindfulness a pillar of physical health, too READ MORE SCENE Scene +3 Arts Riot Act dares to venture onto Bard's 'great stage of fools' Riot Act dares to venture onto Bard's 'great stage of fools' +2 Arts New works dazzle at Altamira New works dazzle at Altamira Film Film shows snowboarding still 'punk' Film shows snowboarding still 'punk' IN-DEPTH +6 Environmental The human remains in the Murie Museum's closet By Billy Arnold Updated Nov 29, 2023 0 It was July 1936, and a torrent of rain had been falling on the anthropologist Ales Hrdlicka and his team, who were searching for human remains deep in the Aleutian Islands. +3 Environmental For nearly 50 years, Teton Science Schools held onto human remains. Why? By Billy Arnold Updated Feb 15, 2024 1 Sierra Red Bow found the box, tucked away in a closet, in the Murie Museum at the Teton Science Schools’ Kelly campus. Inside sat two human skulls and a jawbone. +3 Environmental After 15 years, no response from Nikolski By Billy Arnold Updated Feb 15, 2024 1 Nearly nine decades after Olaus Murie removed human remains from a burial cave in the Aleutian Islands, those remains are still not home — and instead are being stored in a museum in central Alaska. +9 Environmental Olaus Murie and the 'bone doctor' By Billy Arnold Updated Dec 29, 2023 0 On a damp evening in the far north nearly 90 years ago, Olaus Murie invited another man aboard the research vessel he captained and presented him with a bag of human remains. Galleries +13 Multimedia GALLERY: 2024 Teton Valley Skijoring Grand Showdown PHOTOGRAPHY BY BRADLY J. BONER / NEWS&GUIDE Scenes from the 2024 Teton Valley Skijoring Grand Showdown in Driggs, Idaho. +13 Multimedia GALLERY: JHHS boys and girls basketball vs. Evanston PHOTOGRAPHY BY RYAN DORGAN The Bronc basketball teams split their games against Evanston on Friday, with the boys winning their final game of the regular season and going undefeated at home. The girls dropped their closest contest of the season, 24-15. +13 Multimedia spotlight GALLERY: Broncs beat Braves in overtime PHOTOGRAPHY BY KATHRYN ZIESIG / NEWS&GUIDE Claiming their seventh consecutive win, the Jackson Hole High School boys basketball team defeated Star Valley 74-71 in overtime Friday night. The girls team lost to the Braves 50-14. +11 Multimedia spotlight GALLERY: Dance team celebrates seniors PHOTOGRAPHY BY KATHRYN ZIESIG / NEWS&GUIDE Seniors on the Jackson Hole High School dance team celebrated Friday night before the start of the boys basketball game against Star Valley. SEE MORE GALLERIES Sports Girls take state title for Stingrays By Kyle Leverone Jackson Hole Daily Feb 29, 2024 0 Swimming is growing in the valley. New river fee plan gets better reviews By Jim Stanford Updated 17 hrs ago 0 River runners generally are responding favorably to the latest proposal to charge access fee… Alpine skiers continue dominance at Snow King By Kyle Leverone Feb 28, 2024 0 The Broncs Alpine ski team faced its most intense opponents Feb. 21 at Snow King. Further exploration of how people take risks Mountainside / By Molly Absolon Feb 28, 2024 0 My stomach sank when I saw the headline — which I did not write — for my last column: “Banan… READ MORE SPORTS Opinion +2 Editorial A letter from the publisher By Adam Meyer Feb 28, 2024 0 It has been just over one year since I accepted the honor and responsibility of leading the Jackson Hole News&Guide. For more than seven decades, our community newspapers — the Jackson Hol… Letters Letters to the editor, Feb. 28 Feb 28, 2024 0 Airport bus parking Editorial Speak up about northern South Park Feb 21, 2024 1 One of the most emotional facets of living in Jackson Hole is the constant departure of friends and family. For decades, strong connections in our community have frayed as residents depart ins… READ MORE OPINION Online Poll How would you rate your mood today? Commissioners are considering upzoning for up to 1,200 homes in northern South Park, the largest development in Teton County history. How should they vote? Last week's answers: Yes: Bring it on; the development should be approved ads currently proposed, 388 votes (52.8%) • No: The upzone should be turned down; it's too much growth and traffic, 294 votes (40%) • Maybe: The proposal needs more work, 40 votes (5.4%) • I'm not sure/I need more info, 13 votes (1.8%). You voted: Suffering from a severe case of February fatigue, running low on motivation. Alive with anticipation: Counting down the seconds until sandy shores and sun-kissed spring-break adventures. Cozy as a bear in a den, enjoying the season's snuggle-factor. Super: I'm savoring snow activities and as chipper as a bluebird on a sunny day. It's furious February for me. Everyone and everything is ticking me off. Meh. Vote View Results Back Most Popular Articles Commented ArticlesValley businessman dies after fall into tree wellTree well suffocation claims second man within two weeksWarbirds to close; Forage to move inFor Highway 22, options go from 5 lanes to 2Landowners back northern South Park planWilson, 71, recovers from Victor crashGiddy up! Skijoring event in Driggs brings out hundreds to watch horse and skierStorm buries valley under 17" of dense snowKent Parsons, 81, grew up in KellyLegislature clamps down on abortion, requiring transvaginal ultrasounds CommentedLegislature clamps down on abortion, requiring transvaginal ultrasounds (3)Balance sought for South Park (2)JHMR, climbers haggle over putting via ferrata in Corbet's Couloir (2)Property tax initiative fails to meet 2024 election deadline (2)Banana slide: What were they thinking? (2)At least 8 children among 22 hit by gunfire at end of Chiefs' Super Bowl parade; 1 person killed (2)Workforce housing and four-story buildings on town agenda (1)Love stories stand test of time (1)Donald Trump fraud verdict: $364 million penalty in New York civil case (1)Speak up about northern South Park (1)Senators release a $118 billion package that pairs border policies with aid for Ukraine and Israel (1)Abortion ban opponents submit new OB-GYN impact study as court evidence (1)Commissioners will mull timing of deed-restricted vs. upscale homes (1)In fiery testimony, Fani Willis hits back at misconduct claims that threaten future of Trump case (1)Off to Michigan, Haley is staying in the race despite Trump's easy primary win in South Carolina (1)Blinken returns to Mideast in push for hostage deal and postwar plan for Gaza, but obstacles loom (1)'Oppenheimer,' Lily Gladstone win at 30th Screen Actors Guild Awards (1)Idaho eyes punitive financial measures for 4-day schools; 401 moves ahead with new model (1)Mayor: town eases quality of life (1)South Park plan has eluded community for 50 years (1)Wildlife updates, council salary review on Monday agenda (1)Teton County Dems back real estate transfer tax (1)Medicaid expansion proponents shift messaging ahead of 2025 (1)Gaza Health Ministry says over 29,000 Palestinians have been killed in Israel-Hamas war (1)Students and parents are frustrated by delays in hearing about federal financial aid for college (1)U.S. Forest Service taking 'objections' on JHMR projects (1)Ford CEO says company will rethink where it builds vehicles after last year's autoworkers strike (1)Hospital looks to reduce debt load on Hitching Post affordable housing project (1)Palestinians say Israeli troops fired at people seeking food. Israel says scene was deadly stampede (1)US health officials drop 5-day isolation time for COVID-19 (1)Biden and Utah's governor call for less bitterness and more bipartisanship in the nation's politics (1)Trump asks Supreme Court to put off his election interference trial, claiming immunity (1)After Afton accident, trappers, opponents agree on mandatory trapper education (1)Cluck, cluck, buzz, buzz, Jackson mulls urban farming (1)Israel vows to 'finish the job' in Gaza as War Cabinet member threatens a Ramadan deadline for Rafah (1)Lawmakers call for balancing spending cuts with taking care of citizens (1)To keep whales safe, Coast Guard launches boat alert system in Seattle (1)For Kelly parcel, $750 million price tag is out — for now (1)Ranch owner: Corner crossing would erase billions in private property value (1)County process on northern South Park a failure to act (1)Strings attached to sale of Kelly parcel (1)Council opens up workforce condos to businesses (1)Spring Gulch driver strikes, kills moose calf in broad daylight (1)Ski trip to Yellowstone yurts is truly wild (1)Town partially walks back 4-story zoning (1)Commissioners to take comment Tuesday on South Park housing (1)Gaza doctor says gunfire accounted for 80% of the wounds at his hospital from aid convoy bloodshed (1)Border bill supporters combat misinformation that it would actually let in more migrants (1)Tractor protests threaten to drive the EU's green farming policies into a ditch (1)National Rifle Association, Wayne LaPierre found liable in lawsuit over lavish spending (1)For threatened polar bears, the climate change diet is a losing proposition (1)Skiers trigger slide in park (1)Warbirds to close; Forage to move in (1)Landowners back northern South Park plan (1)For Highway 22, options go from 5 lanes to 2 (1)FBI informant charged with lying about Joe and Hunter Biden's ties to Ukrainian energy company (1) Calendar of Events Talk to us Calendar Event News Tip Letter to Editor VIEW MORE FORMS Most Popular Images Videos Images Videos Webcams VIEW MORE Know what everyone’s talking about. Reliable local news delivered to your inbox. Sign up for News&Guide email newsletters now. Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. The Hole Picture Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists News Valley Scene Sports State/Regional Opinion Photos & Video Classifieds Obituaries Local Events More Ways to Connect Contact Us About Us Facebook YouTube Instagram Services Subscribe Advertise Submit Content Promote Your Event Our Partners Copyright 2023, All Rights Reserved Links Terms of Use Privacy × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Developing and Breaking News Subscribe Entertainment Subscribe Sports Subscribe Today In Jackson Subscribe