Amazon Science homepage Close Close Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Blog News and features Publications Code and datasets Academia Alexa Prize Academics at Amazon Amazon Research Awards Research collaborations Alexa Prize Academics at Amazon Amazon Research Awards Research collaborations Careers Follow Us twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin github rss Menu Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Blog News and features Publications Code and datasets Academia Alexa Prize Academics at Amazon Amazon Research Awards Research collaborations Alexa Prize Academics at Amazon Amazon Research Awards Research collaborations Careers Search Submit Search Customer-obsessed science From the blogView all View all Delays from post-quantum cryptography may not be so bad March 05, 2024 Using time to last byte — rather than time to first byte — to assess the effects of data-heavy TLS 1.3 on real-world connections yields more encouraging results. Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Decarbonizing paper packaging February 29, 2024 Amazon teams up with RTI International, Schlumberger, and International Paper on a project selected by the US Department of Energy to scale carbon capture and storage for the pulp and paper industry. Sustainability Adapting neural radiance fields (NeRFs) to dynamic scenes February 26, 2024 Representing light and density fields as weighted sums over basis functions, whose weights vary over time, improves motion capture, texture, and lighting. Computer vision Knowledge distillation method for better vision-language models February 22, 2024 Method preserves knowledge encoded in teacher model’s attention heads even when student model has fewer of them. Computer vision Amazon Research Awards issues call for proposals on foundation models January 17, 2024 Proposal topics include enhancements for dialogue, factual questioning and answering, text generation, document summarization, image generation, and more. The submission period is open now and closes on March 6. Apply now Recent publicationsView all View all Zero-shot test-time adaptation via knowledge distillation for personalized speech denoising and dereverberation Sunwoo Kim, Mrudula Athi, Guangji Shi, Trausti Kristjansson, Minje Kim Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 2024 We propose a personalization framework to adapt compact models to test time environments and improve their speech enhancement performance in noisy and reverberant conditions. The use-cases are when the end-user device encounters only one or a few speakers and noise types that tend to reoccur in the specific acoustic environment. Hence, we postulate a small personalized model that suffices to handle this Machine learning Towards robustness analysis of e-commerce ranking system Ningfei Wang, Yupin Huang, Han Cheng, Jiri Gesi, Xiaojie Wang, Vivek Mittal The Web Conference 2024 2024 Information retrieval (IR) is a pivotal component in various applications. Recent advances in machine learning (ML) have enabled the integration of ML algorithms into IR, particularly in ranking systems. While there is a plethora of research on the robustness of ML-based ranking systems, these studies largely neglect commercial e-commerce systems and fail to establish a connection between real-world and Conversational AI DeepMMATE: Deep learning based multimodal architecture for audit taxability classification with XAI Harish Y V S WSDM 2024 2024 Review of non-taxable products is an important internal audit which is carried out by majority of e-commerce stakeholders. This process usually cross checks the initial taxability assignments to avoid any unnecessary penalties incurred to the companies during the actual audits by the respective state compliance teams/tax departments. In order to handle millions of products sold online on e-commerce websites Conversational AI Load more News and featuresView all View all Amazon and UCLA announce 2023 Science Hub awards February 16, 2024 Gift project and sponsored awards examine topics that range from improving 3D garment modeling to reducing false positives in code analysis. Machine learning USC SURE student develops prototype algorithm to help automate spacecraft docking February 14, 2024 Derek Chibuzor utilized his SURE experience to gain "exposure to an aerospace research project in a professional research environment." Computer vision Amazon and IIT Bombay announce inaugural award recipients January 25, 2024 Amazon IIT–Bombay AI-ML Initiative seeks to advance artificial intelligence and machine learning research within speech, language, and multimodal-AI domains. Machine learning Work with usSee more jobs See more jobs Intern - Economics US, WA, Bellevue We are looking for detail-oriented, organized, and responsible individuals who are eager to learn how to work with large and complicated data sets. Some knowledge of econometrics, as well as basic familiarity with Python is necessary, and experience with SQL and UNIX would be a plus. These are full-time positions at 40 hours per week, with compensation being awarded on an hourly basis. You will learn how to build data sets and perform applied econometric analysis at Internet speed collaborating with economists, scientists, and product managers. These skills will translate well into writing applied chapters in your dissertation and provide you with work experience that may help you with placement. Roughly 85% of previous cohorts have converted to full time economics employment at Amazon. If you are interested, please send your CV to our mailing list at econ-internship@amazon.com. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Bellevue, WA, USA Senior Research Scientist, Prime Air Flight Sciences Vehicle Design & Test US, WA, Seattle Here at Amazon, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of diversity and inclusion of our teams within the organization. How do you get items to customers quickly, cost-effectively, and—most importantly—safely, in less than an hour? And how do you do it in a way that can scale? Our teams of hundreds of scientists, engineers, aerospace professionals, and futurists have been working hard to do just that! We are delivering to customers, and are excited for what’s to come. Check out more information about Prime Air on the About Amazon blog (https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/transportation/amazon-prime-air-delivery-drone-reveal-photos). If you are seeking an iterative environment where you can drive innovation, apply state-of-the-art technologies to solve real world delivery challenges, and provide benefits to customers, Prime Air is the place for you. Come work on the Amazon Prime Air Team! Our Prime Air Drone Vehicle Design and Test team within Flight Sciences is looking for an outstanding engineer to help us rapidly configure, design, analyze, prototype, and test innovative drone vehicles. You’ll be responsible for developing, improving, and maintaining a suite of multi-disciplinary optimization (MDO) tools across all aircraft design disciplines. You’ll use these to explore new and novel drone vehicle conceptual designs in both focused and wide open design spaces, with the ultimate goal of meeting our customer requirements. You’ll have the opportunity to prototype vehicle designs and support wind tunnel and other testing of vehicle designs. You will directly support the Office of the Chief Program Engineer, and work closely across all vehicle subsystem teams to ensure integrated designs that meet performance, reliability, operability, manufacturing, and cost requirements. In addition, you’ll own the Flight Sciences assessments and analysis methods for the drone vehicle design as it progresses through later stages of development. About the team Our Flight Sciences Vehicle Design & Test organization includes teams that span the following disciplines: Aerodynamics, Performance, Stability & Control, Configuration & Spatial Integration, Loads, Structures, Mass Properties, Multi-disciplinary Optimization (MDO), Wind Tunnel Testing, Noise Testing, Flight Test Instrumentation, and Rapid Prototyping. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA Senior Applied Scientist, Amazon GB, London Our team's mission is to improve Shopping experience for customers interacting with Amazon devices via voice. We work with Alexa and multiple other teams to research and develop advanced state-of-the-art speech technologies. Do you want to be part of the team developing the latest technology that impacts the customer experience of ground-breaking products? Then come join us and make history. Key job responsibilities We are looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Senior Applied Scientist with a background in Machine Learning to help build industry-leading Speech and Language technology. As a Senior Applied Scientist at Amazon you will work with talented peers to develop novel algorithms and modelling techniques to drive the state of the art in speech synthesis. Position Responsibilities: * Participate in the design, development, evaluation, deployment and updating of data-driven models for Speech and Language applications. * Participate in research activities including the application and evaluation of Speech and Language techniques for novel applications. * Research and implement novel ML and statistical approaches to add value to the business. * Mentor junior engineers and scientists. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: London, GBR Applied Scientist, EU InTech Consumer Selection Discovery ES, M, Madrid Amazon's International Technology org in EU (EU INTech) is creating new ways for Amazon customers discovering Amazon catalog through new and innovative Customer experiences. Our vision is to provide the most relevant content and CX for their shopping mission. We are responsible for building the software and machine learning models to surface high quality and relevant content to the Amazon customers worldwide across the site. The team, mainly located in Madrid Technical Hub, London and Luxembourg, comprises Software Developer and ML Engineers, Applied Scientists, Product Managers, Technical Product Managers and UX Designers who are experts on several areas of ranking, computer vision, recommendations systems, Search as well as CX. Are you interested on how the experiences that fuel Catalog and Search are built to scale to customers WW? Are interesting on how we use state of the art AI to generate and provide the most relevant content? Key job responsibilities We are looking for Applied Scientists who are passionate to solve highly ambiguous and challenging problems at global scale. You will be responsible for major science challenges for our team, including working with text to image and image to text state of the art models to scale to enable new Customer Experiences WW. You will design, develop, deliver and support a variety of models in collaboration with a variety of roles and partner teams around the world. You will influence scientific direction and best practices and maintain quality on team deliverables. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Madrid, M, ESP Intern - Economics US, MA, Boston We are looking for detail-oriented, organized, and responsible individuals who are eager to learn how to work with large and complicated data sets. Knowledge of applied econometrics is necessary, and experience with SQL and Python would be a plus. These are full-time positions at 40 hours per week, with compensation being awarded on an hourly basis. You will build data sets and perform applied econometric analysis, collaborating with economists, scientists, and product managers. These skills will translate well into writing applied chapters in your dissertation and provide you with work experience that may help you with future job market placement. Roughly 85% of previous cohorts have converted to full time economics employment at Amazon. If you are interested, please send your CV to our mailing list at econ-internship@amazon.com. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Boston, MA, USA | Seattle, WA, USA Principal Applied Scientist, Amazon Health Science US, CA, Santa Clara Do you wish to create the greatest possible worldwide impact in healthcare? We, at Amazon Health Store Tech, are working towards the best-in-class healthcare storefront to make high-quality healthcare reliable, accessible, and intuitive. Our mission is to make it dramatically easier for customers to access the healthcare products and services they need to get and stay healthy. Towards this mission, we are building the technology, products and services, that help customers find, buy, and engage with the healthcare solutions they need. We are looking to hire and develop subject-matter experts in AI who focus on data analytics, machine learning (ML), natural language understanding (NLP), and deep learning for healthcare. We target high-impact algorithmic unlocks in areas such as natural language understanding (NLU), Foundation Models, Large Language Models (LLMs), document understanding, and knowledge representation systems—all of which are of high-value to our healthcare products and services. If you are a seasoned, hands-on Principal Applied Scientist with a track record of delivering to timelines with high quality, deeply technical and innovative, we want to talk to you. You will bring AI and machine learning advancements to real-time analytics for customer-facing solutions in healthcare. You will explore, innovate, and deliver advanced ML-based technologies that involve clinical and medical data. You are a domain expert in one or more of the following areas: natural language processing and understanding (language models, transformers like BERT, GPT-3, T-5, etc.), Foundation Models and LLMs, deep learning, active learning, reinforcement learning, and bioinformatics. Key job responsibilities As an Principal Applied Scientist, you will take on challenging and ambiguous customer problems, distill customer requirements, and then deliver solutions that either leverage existing academic and medical research or utilize your own out-of-the-box but pragmatic thinking. In addition to coming up with novel solutions and prototypes, you will directly contribute to its implementation. A successful candidate has excellent technical depth, scientific vision, great implementation skills, and a drive to achieve results in a collaborative team environment. You should enjoy the process of solving real-world, open-ended problems that, quite frankly, haven’t been solved at scale anywhere before. Along the way, we guarantee you’ll get opportunities to be a fearless disruptor, prolific innovator, and a reputed problem solver—someone who truly enables machine learning and statistics to truly impact the lives and health of millions of customers. You mentor and help develop a team of Applied Scientists and SDEs and work with key leaders to guide this top talent to push the boundary of science and next generation of product. They will lead the technical implementation of our evidence-based retrieval sub-system that ingests, indexes and retrieves relevant data in different forms and from multiple sources given the customer question and context. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Santa Clara, CA, USA | Seattle, WA, USA Applied Scientist I, Modeling and Optimization US, WA, Bellevue Amazon’s Modeling and Optimization Team (MOP) is looking for a passionate individual with strong optimization and analytical skills to join us in the endeavor of designing and planning the most complex supply chain in the world. The team is responsible for optimizing the global supply chain for Amazon.com and ensuring that the company is able to inbound goods from seller and vendors, transport them to their target fulfillment center, and deliver to our customers as quickly, accurately, and cost effectively as possible. We work on problems ranging from network design to inventory management, in order to support strategic decisions. It is a terrific opportunity to have a direct impact in the business while pushing the boundaries of science. Key job responsibilities We are seeking an experienced scientist who has solid background in Operations Research, Operations Management, Applied Mathematics or other similar domain. In this role, you will develop models and solution algorithms that are innovative and scalable to solve new challenges in the inventory management space. You will collaborate with other scientists across teams to create integrated solutions that improves fulfillment speed, cost, and carbon emission. You have deep understanding of business challenges and provide scientific analysis to support business decision using a range of methodologies. You will also work with engineering teams to identify new data requirements, deploy new models or simplifying existing processes. About the team https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/innovation-at-amazon/how-artificial-intelligence-helps-amazon-deliver We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Bellevue, WA, USA Applied Scientist, EU InTech Consumer Selection Discovery ES, M, Madrid Amazon's International Technology org in EU (EU INTech) is creating new ways for Amazon customers discovering Amazon catalog through new and innovative Customer experiences. Our vision is to provide the most relevant content and CX for their shopping mission. We are responsible for building the software and machine learning models to surface high quality and relevant content to the Amazon customers worldwide across the site. The team, mainly located in Madrid Technical Hub, London and Luxembourg, comprises Software Developer and ML Engineers, Applied Scientists, Product Managers, Technical Product Managers and UX Designers who are experts on several areas of ranking, computer vision, recommendations systems, Search as well as CX. Are you interested on how the experiences that fuel Catalog and Search are built to scale to customers WW? Are interesting on how we use state of the art AI to generate and provide the most relevant content? Key job responsibilities We are looking for Applied Scientists who are passionate to solve highly ambiguous and challenging problems at global scale. You will be responsible for major science challenges for our team, including working with text to image and image to text state of the art models to scale to enable new Customer Experiences WW. You will design, develop, deliver and support a variety of models in collaboration with a variety of roles and partner teams around the world. You will influence scientific direction and best practices and maintain quality on team deliverables. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Madrid, M, ESP Data Scientist, Ads Marketing US, NY, New York Amazon Advertising exists at the intersection of marketing and e-commerce and offers advertisers a rich array of innovative advertising solutions across Amazon-owned and third party properties. We believe that advertising, when done well, can greatly enhance the value of the customer experience and generate a positive return on investment for our advertising partners. We are currently looking for a highly skilled and motivated Data Scientist to help scale our growing advertising business. The Data Scientist is a key member of the Global Marketing Insights team at Amazon Ads, working with marketing, product, retail and other Amazon business partners to analyze and improve advertisers’ performance on Amazon, in support of their marketing objectives. You will work with Amazon's unique data and translate it into high-quality and actionable insights and recommendations to improve the effectiveness of advertiser campaigns and unlock business opportunities. Day to day activities include analyzing advertiser behaviors to develop data-driven insights on what tactics and strategies lead to success. You will also build automated solutions to generate science driven insights at scale, that are distributed to our advertisers across channels. Basic qualifications - Bachelor's or Master's degree in Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or a related technical field - Proven experience in data analytics or data science roles - Proficiency with SQL and Python - Strong understanding of basic statistical techniques and methodologies such as distributions, hypothesis testing, regressions, experimentation, A/B Testing etc. - Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills (both written and verbal) - Ability to work cross-functionally and with technical and non-technical stakeholders Preferred qualifications - Understanding of advanced statistical techniques and methodologies such as causal inference, propensity score matching, machine learning etc. - Experience with developing and deploying production machine learning models, especially on cloud platforms - Experience building and managing data pipelines - Experience with digital advertising products, performance analytics , marketing and advertising campaigns - MBA, Master’s, or Doctoral degree in Economics, Engineering, Marketing, Statistics, Advertising, or related fields - Publication track record/writing experience (ex. published a paper in a technical journal or trade publication) About the team The Marketing Insights team is responsible for delivering science backed insights to millions of advertisers via our marketing messages. Our team is distributed across the globe and is building cutting edge data science to identify and communicate the impact of various advertising strategies for our products. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: New York, NY, USA Research Scientist - Ergonomics US, WA, Bellevue We are designing the future. If you are in quest of an iterative fast-paced environment, where you can drive innovation through scientific inquiry, and provide tangible benefit to hundreds of thousands of our associates worldwide, this is your opportunity. Come work on the Amazon Worldwide Fulfillment Design & Engineering Team! We are looking for an experienced and Research Scientist with background in Ergonomics and Industrial Human Factors, someone that is excited to work on complex real-world challenges for which a comprehensive scientific approach is necessary to drive solutions. Your investigations will define human factor / ergonomic thresholds resulting in design and implementation of safe and efficient workspaces and processes for our associates. Your role will entail assessment and design of manual material handling tasks throughout the entire Amazon network. You will identify fundamental questions pertaining to the human capabilities and tolerances in a myriad of work environments, and will initiate and lead studies that will drive decision making on an extreme scale. .You will provide definitive human factors/ ergonomics input and participate in design with every single design group in our network, including Amazon Robotics, Engineering R&D, and Operations Engineering. You will work closely with our Worldwide Health and Safety organization to gain feedback on designs and work tenaciously to continuously improve our associate’s experience. Key job responsibilities - Collaborating and designing work processes and workspaces that adhere to human factors / ergonomics standards worldwide. - Producing comprehensive and assessments of workstations and processes covering biomechanical, physiological, and psychophysical demands. - Effectively communicate your design rationale to multiple engineering and operations entities. - Identifying gaps in current human factors standards and guidelines, and lead comprehensive studies to redefine “industry best practices” based on solid scientific foundations. - Continuously strive to gain in-depth knowledge of your profession, as well as branch out to learn about intersecting fields, such as robotics and mechatronics. - Travelling to our various sites to perform thorough assessments and gain in-depth operational feedback, approximately 25%-50% of the time. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Bellevue, WA, USA About Research areas Blog News and features Publications Code and datasets Academia Careers Alexa Prize Academics Research Awards About Amazon Amazon Developer Amazon Web Services FAQs Search Amazon.com | Conditions of Use | Privacy | © 1996-2024 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Follow Us twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin github rss