Home | Regina Leader PostSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search leaderpost.com Perform search Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search leaderpost.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscription Our Offers News Local News City Hall Crime Saskatchewan Sask. Politics Health National True Crime World Weather Archives Sports Local Sports Regina Pats NHL PWHL Saskatchewan Roughriders Saskatchewan Golf Baseball Basketball Soccer MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Opinion Columnists Letters Send a Letter to the Editor Business Local Business Featured Businesses Agriculture Energy Real Estate First-Time Homebuyers Mining Mortgages Money FP Markets Technology Internet Personal Tech Science Space Small Business Saskatchewan's Top Employers Arts Local Arts Theatre Movies Television TV Listings Music Books Celebrity Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Travel Guide Deals Homes Gardening Food Diet & Fitness Royals Travel Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials QC Advice Horoscopes Contests National Contests Special Sections Eat Play Stay Saskatchewan Road to Higher Learning Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Healthing Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide ePaper Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Pet Posts & Adoptions Real Estate Marketplace Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles Comics Healthing Driving ePaper Remembering Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Home | Regina Leader PostAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. News Minister spent $3,500 on 'Mercedes chauffeur service' in Paris: NDP According to invoices provided to the NDP, Minister Dustin Duncan spent $3,500 'for a private Mercedes chauffeur service' while in Paris. News News Government appeal documents allege pronoun case judge made mistakes News Sask. Politics School division, past trustees speak out in support of teachers Sask. Politics Saskatchewan Estimated $1.8B in insurance claims to be paid to producers for 2023 growing season Saskatchewan Saskatchewan 'Such a blessing': Saskatchewan family welcomes quadruplets on leap year Saskatchewan Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsCrime Guilbeault calls Saskatchewan premier 'immoral' for breaking carbon-price law "If Premier Scott Moe decides that he wants to start breaking laws and not respecting federal laws, then measures will have to be taken." 21 hours ago National Regina weather: A cold, partly sunny day, possible evening snow, classes resume The day is starting out well below average with high risk of frostbite, which will warm up but remain below average through the day. with Video 6 hours ago Local News Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. With sex solicitation charge stayed, MLA Domotor says 'I regret what I tried to do' "At the time of my incident last fall I was struggling emotionally with things in my personal life and my marriage. This affected my mental health, and my lapse in judgement, which resulted in me making a decision I will regret for the rest of my life." 21 hours ago Politics NDP focus on affordability, education in first question period of 2024 With many teachers and supporters present in the gallery, the NDP opened question period on Monday with a focus on education. 23 hours ago News Moe says potential cuts to Sask. carbon rebates countered by 'less tax' "Our position hasn't changed" on remittance, said Premier Scott Moe on Monday. 95 Comments 23 hours ago Sask. Politics More news stories > Trending Darrell Davis: Brent Laing is coaching Saskatchewan but can't curl for the home team Moe says potential cuts to Sask. carbon rebates countered by 'less tax' With sex solicitation charge stayed, MLA Domotor says 'I regret what I tried to do' Brier Day 4: Saskatchewan’s McEwen suffers first loss on Monday against Nova Scotia Brad Gushue gets fan ejected during Brier on Friday night in Regina Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Regina. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports Brier Day 4: Saskatchewan’s McEwen suffers first loss on Monday against Nova Scotia After a 3-0 start, Team Saskatchewan was upset by Nova Scotia on Day of the Brier on Monday 15 hours ago Curling Darrell Davis: Brent Laing is coaching Saskatchewan but can't curl for the home team Residency rules help explain who plays where and why during Montana's Brier 1 day ago Sports Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Brier Day 3: Saskatchewan's McEwen improves to 3-0 with tight victory over Alberta's Koe For the third straight game, it came down to the final shot for Mike McEwen and Team Saskatchewan, who sit atop Pool B after Day 3 of the Brier 1 day ago Curling Local roundup: Regina Pats, U18 AAA hockey, wheelchair curling and more The Pats were officially eliminated from playoff contention after going 0-6 on their U.S. road trip 1 day ago Local Sports Saskatchewan Rush defeat Colorado Mammoth on the road The Saskatchewan Rush turned in a dominating performance on the road, defeating the host Colorado Mammoth 15-7. 2 days ago Local Sports More sports stories > Around the NetworkHeadline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again MoneyWise Canada Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.OpinionFeaturedLettersColumnists Murray Mandryk: More than teachers raised in start to spring session If the NDP hopes to broaden its support beyond the shadow of the legislature (and perhaps Saskatoon), it needs to broaden its issues. Murray Mandryk 8 hours ago Opinion Letters: Schools boards shouldn't be determining classroom complexity 'Teaching for a poor, even toxic, board destroys morale when teachers are undervalued,' writes former trustee and teacher Meg Shatilla. Reader Letters 7 hours ago Letters Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Murray Mandryk: Sask. MLAs get a chance to rise above petty politics It seems unlikely our politicians will rediscover the important difference between the words "opponent" and "enemy" in a democratic setting. Murray Mandryk 1 day ago Columnists Doug Cuthand: Signing away treaties' farming rights stirs controversy Some First Nations are relinquishing the rights to agricultural benefits in treaties in exchange for one-time payments as compensation. with Video Doug Cuthand 3 days ago Columnists Murray Mandryk: Key questions remain on Saskatchewan carbon tax gambit As Duncan suggests, it comes down a matter of fairness. Politics aside, the Trudeau government has simply not treated Saskatchewan fairly. 6 Comments Murray Mandryk 4 days ago Columnists More opinion stories > weather (Regina) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.BusinessFeaturedLocal BusinessEnergy Matthew Lau: Rapid public-sector growth means flat living standards for us The Trudeau government’s aggressive regulatory initiatives and tax-and-spend agenda have severely harmed Canada’s investment climate Matthew Lau 30 minutes ago FP Comment PBO expects Bank of Canada rate cut in April, inflation to hit 2% target by end of year Anticipates federal deficit to grow to $46.8 billion for current fiscal year with Video 51 minutes ago Economy Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Canada not alone in underperforming the United States, RBC's Dave McKay says Higher interest rates are dragging down consumers in Canada, U.K. and Australia with Video 1 hour ago Banking Howard Levitt: Double-dipping employees aren't doing themselves, or their employers, any favours Working two full-time jobs at the same time is grounds for dismissal for cause from both jobs with Video 1 hour ago Work Cenovus blasts Ottawa over lack of support for carbon capture 'Stick-based approach with some carrots thrown in' 2 hours ago Oil & Gas More business stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.EntertainmentFeaturedCelebrityLocal Arts Comedian, actor and artist Dakota Ray Hebert finds a home in the spotlight "I like knowing that I made people happy, even for just a second," said Hebert. with Video 1 day ago Local Arts No place like home: Arcana Kings stay true to Sask. roots with new single for upcoming album The Arcana Kings have released a new rock single called Kinistino as they launch a fundraising effort to complete the full upcoming album. 4 days ago Local Arts Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Briefly: American country star Jo Dee Messina coming to Regina this summer Odds and ends from the local arts-entertainment scene: Jo Dee Messina, Jann Arden-Rick Mercer, U of R music fundraiser, and more. 5 days ago Local Arts There are many varieties of bearded iris (Part II) They are among the most dependable iris on the Prairies and should be much more widely available at local nurseries and greenhouses. with Video 5 days ago Gardening Legendary guitarist Steve Lukather isn't slowing down as leader of classic rock band Toto The iconic rockers are set to headline a show at Regina's Conexus Arts Centre on March 5 and open for Journey on March 10 in Saskatoon. 6 days ago Local Arts More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LifeFeaturedQCRoyals Saskatchewan gardening: Bearded iris origin is shrouded in mystery The most dependable and widely grown species on the Canadian prairies are the bearded iris, the Siberian iris and the blue flag iris. with Video February 25, 2024 Gardening Renée Kohlman: Great Granola — making your own puts you in control I’ve taken to making my own granola. It’s a fun project to embark on, plus I get to control what goes in it. with Video February 22, 2024 Food Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Actress Shannon Jardine is proud of her Saskatchewan roots From small-town Saskatchewan to the bright lights of Hollywood, Shannon Jardine is grateful for her 20-year career in show business. with Video February 19, 2024 Local Arts Sask. spring is coming, and it is time to think about seeds, catalogues The challenge of seed catalogue shopping is not to overspend and purchase more cultivars than you have space for in your garden. with Video February 18, 2024 Gardening Renee Kohlman: Chocolate and coffee cream pie is a medley of deliciousness With basic ingredients and an easy press-in cookie crust, this is a pie worth indulging in. And you don’t even have to leave your house! February 15, 2024 Food More life stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing March is Brain Health Awareness Month Celebrate your most critical organ by better understanding how the brain works in health and in illness. 22 minutes ago Brain Canada Foundation World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 1 day ago Obesity Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 1 day ago Obesity World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion More healthing stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving DriveShare, 'Airbnb of classic cars,' suspends rentals after ownership change The service, formerly owned by Hagerty, put operations on pause last October, but new owners Drive Co say they should resume "imminently" with Video 39 minutes ago Industry News Jaguar ceasing car production June, will go all-SUV while prepping EV future Say good-bye to XE, XF, and F-Type, or any non-sport-utility Jag—at least until a battery-powered large sedan bows in three years with Video 1 hour ago Industry News Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Ford recalls 583 Bronco hardtops in Canada for windows that might fall out The safety campaign was launched after it was determined a new employee at a supplier missed part of a two-step adhesion process with Video 2 hours ago Info For Drivers 2026 Rivian R2 specs leak online, point to keen Tesla rival It's only the company's third nameplate – after its R1T truck and R1S SUV twins – but this Model Y competitor seems to pack impressive numbers with Video 2 hours ago New Vehicles F1 driver Berger’s stolen Ferrari recovered after 28 years The famed Formula One pilot's 512M Testarossa was swiped following his podium finish at the 1995 San Marino Grand Prix, but has just been found in London with Video 4 hours ago Crash, Bang, Wow More driving stories > Advertisement 10AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles ePaper SubscribeFollow Regina Leader Post Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Regina Leader Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK