theday.com: New London and southeastern Connecticut News, Sports, Business, Entertainment and Video theday.com: New London and southeastern Connecticut News, Sports, Business, Entertainment and Video Log In Reset Password News News Home Local Coronavirus Police/Fire/Courts Business State/Northeast Nation/World Military National Politics Special Reports Elections CuriousCT Sports Sports Home UConn High School Local Colleges Professional Gameday Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Podcasts Podcasts Home Looking for the Todt Family Case Unsolved Arts & Entertainment A & E Home Movies & TV Arts & Music Food & Drink Events & Exhibits Lifestyle Games & Puzzles Dear Abby Horoscopes Photos & Videos Photos & Videos Home GameDay Videos Photo Galleries Obituaries FAQS MARKETPLACE Classifieds Jobs Jobs 2024 Job Fair Homes Wheels Coupons Contests Magazines Bookstore Business Directory SERVICES Day Media Group Membership Manage Print Subscription Electronic Edition The Day's App E-Paper Advertising Login Subscribe MENU Contact Us Login Subscribe Tuesday, March 05, 2024 Support Local News. Please support our work by subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE Buy a $2 Day Pass Foundations laid for long-awaited New London community center Construction crews on Monday laid the tons of concrete that will serve as foundations for the New London community center. 4 Arrests at anti-nuke protest with Oppenheimer cutouts at Electric Boat in New London An anti-nuclear demonstration on Monday that included life-sized images of atomic bomb developer J. Robert Oppenheimer led to several arrests outside the gates of the engineering offices of General Dynamics Electric Boat. 5 Old Lyme quarry operator ordered to account for unpermitted wetlands activity A quarry operator on Mile Creek Road is being called before the Inland Wetlands and Watercourses Commission to account for activity that neighbors and officials say is threatening wetlands and the Three Mile River watershed. 3 Most Read Mystic woman seriously hurt in bicycle accident Norwich police investigating human remains found inside vehicle Fair or unfair? Social Security provision affects many retirees What’s Going On: Jordan Brook sold to Maxum Irrigation in Waterford Arrests at anti-nuke protest with Oppenheimer cutouts at Electric Boat in New London E-Paper Latest News Waterford man to attend State of the Union address with families of hostages in Gaza09:56 amBlaze damages garage and vehicles in Norwich09:41 amA grand opening for Mohegan’s Inspire resort in South Korea08:02 amMcConnell weighs endorsing Trump. It's a stark turnaround after the Jan. 6, 2021, attack06:07 amCoast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch01:06 am Nation Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him 36 Local News Montville school board asks residents to help with superintendent search The school board has posted a survey and links to virtual focus groups as it asks residents to help pick a replacement for current Superintendent of Schools Laurie Pallin. Nation Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch State State legislators take another swing at a big climate bill The densely packed omnibus bill with 17 initiatives is designed to address the causes and impacts of climate change across multiple sectors. 5 Police-Fire Reports Norwich police investigating human remains found inside vehicle 3 State Trial for state trooper charged in teen’s death begins 2 State Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to leaking intelligence documents on Discord World U.N.: 'Reasonable grounds' to believe Hamas raped Israelis during Oct. 7 attack 6 Local News Fair or unfair? Social Security provision affects many retirees We delved into the Windfall Elimination Provision, which largely affects teachers, police officers and firefighters. Like a lot of things with Social Security and retirement funds in general, it’s hard to understand, and even harder to explain. 28 CONTESTS/PROMOTIONSBest of 2024Best of the Best 2023 Lea los reportajes de la serie en español SPECIAL REPORTPonemah Mill residents enjoy modern amenities in historic mill setting 6 Ponemah Mill stands tall as affordable housing solution 4 Dedication celebrates final home in Greeneville’s Habitat for Humanity neighborhood 3 Additions to existing homes may be a ‘starting point’ to more affordable housing 4 LOCAL VIDEOGameDay's Great Eight top plays of week 11PHOTO GALLERIESNew London falls to Bloomfield in first round of state tournament10th annual Norwich Saint Patrick’s Parade & Festival New London falls to Mercy in second roundLyman Memorial advances to CIAC Class S quarterfinalSt. Bernard earns ECC DI title with win over Fitch Wheeler pushes past Stonington to earn ECC DII boys basketball title NFA girls basketball earns win over Manchester in state tournamentSt. Bernard advances to ECC Div.I finalFitch advances to ECC Div. 1 finalWheeler advances to ECC Div. II semifinals Sign Up Sign up for free newsletters and get news that interests you delivered to your inbox Mercy defeats New London 33-24 in Class ...Sights and sounds of the Norwich Saint P...Lyman defeats Old Saybrook in Class S gi...Wheeler wins ECC DII title 65-51 over St...St. Bernard wins ECC DI title 72-39 over...Watch live: ECC Boys' Basketball Finals...GameDay's Great Eight top plays of week ...Fitch defeats New London 57-55 in the EC...St. Bernard runs past Waterford 80-47 in...Stonington defeats Tourtellotte 76-64 in... EDITORIALSState Supreme Court correct in opening cold case filesDon’t dump port authority 1 The death of an American mall 15 LETTERS/OP-EDOnline forums support democracy 11 America: land of opportunity 1 Headlines need clarityCOLUMNSChris PowellWhy Connecticut won’t get a ‘public’ electric syst...Lee HowardWhat’s Going On: Jordan Brook sold to Maxum Irriga...Bill StanleyRemembering Bill Cibes, who did the work behind th...Carol SommerOne of a kind...Mike DiMauroDifferent rules for Catholic schools ... again...Rick KosterA Brother with wings...David CollinsOPINION: Gov. Lamont takes another run at a wind s...Mike DiMauroCT HS Football Alliance: What are the NVL and Pequ...Steve FaginHappiness is a full woodshed...David CollinsOPINION: Dem Groton City Mayor Hedrick attends fun...LOCALA grand opening for Mohegan’s Inspire resort in South KoreaOld Lyme quarry operator ordered to account for unpermitted wetlands activity 3 Montville school board asks residents to help with superintendent searchFoundations laid for long-awaited New London community center 4 Mystic woman seriously hurt in bicycle accident 4 SPORTSLocal roundup: Wheeler wins its opener in Div. IV boys’ basketball tourneyNo. 15 Wildcats go down fighting against Newington in Class LL quartersNot your average big man: 6-foot-10 center Juan Morel has blossomed during his senior season at WaterfordUConn basketball notes: Future Husky Nowell takes in the celebration Local college notesARTSA.J. Finn had a spectacular rise and fall. Now he has a new novel.Transform Asian kitchen staples into an umami-packed vegetarian soupBocelli on maintaining his voice, raising his daughter and loving horses‘Bold & Bougie’ reality show features exes of Ne-Yo, UsherSay anything you want — comedian Paul Mecurio brings his one-man show to the United TheatreBUSINESSThe Buzz: Mystic woman named director of sales at the Mohegan SunAirlines could face more fines for mishandling wheelchairs Tesla faces 5,977 Black workers in factory racism lawsuitTox Brewing raises the bar in New London’s downtown 9 The Buzz: Beth Cote now brokerage manager at Sotheby’s in the LymesMagazines and Special FeaturesWeddings on the Shoreline 2024Education Guide 2024Waterford Recreation/Parks 2024Local Eats 2023Greater Mystic Chamber of Commerce GuideServing You Since ...Local SipsOcean Community Travel Guide - StoningtonOcean Community Travel Guide - WesterlyMOST DISCUSSED Trump escalates immigration rhetoric with ‘conspiracy’ claim about Biden trying to overthrow U.S.58 CDC officially drops five-day covid isolation guidelines56 Biden approves military airdrops of aid into Gaza45 In Texas, Biden and Trump try to use immigration to gain election advantage42 OPINION: Dem Groton City Mayor Hedrick attends fundraiser for GOP Sen. Somers42 MOST VIEWED MEDIA Sights and sounds of the Norwich Saint Patrick’s Parade & Festival Lyman defeats Old Saybrook in Class S girls' basketball second round Mercy defeats New London 33-24 in Class LL girls’ basketball second round Wheeler wins ECC DII title 65-51 over Stonington St. Bernard wins ECC DI title 72-39 over Fitch Back To Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles President/Publisher Newsroom Advertising/Marketing FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect With Us Quick Links E-Paper Contests Horoscopes Puzzles TV Calendar Milestones Newsletters Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place A Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Business Directory Services Day Media Group Photo Reprints Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts