Cryptomator - Free Cloud Encryption for Dropbox & Co CRYPTOMATOR Downloads Cryptomator Hub Support Us Supporter Certificate Donate Sponsors Learn More How Open Source Strengthens Security Encrypt Your Dropbox Alternative to Boxcryptor Our Cooperation Partners Customizations for Your Enterprise GDPR Compliancy EN Deutsch Downloads Cryptomator Hub Support Us Supporter Certificate Donate Sponsors Learn More How Open Source Strengthens Security Encrypt Your Dropbox Alternative to Boxcryptor Our Cooperation Partners Customizations for Your Enterprise GDPR Compliancy EN Deutsch Cryptomator on Fediverse Cryptomator on GitHub Put a lock on your cloud With Cryptomator, the key to your data is in your hands. Cryptomator encrypts your data quickly and easily. Afterwards you upload them protected to your favorite cloud service. Download Now Working in teams? Check out Cryptomator Hub! Take the security of your data into your own hands Cryptomator is a simple tool for digital self-defense. It allows you to protect your cloud data by yourself and independently. Most cloud providers encrypt data only during transmission or they keep the keys for decryption for themselves. These keys can be stolen, copied, or misused. Thanks to Cryptomator, only you have the key to your data in your hand. Cryptomator allows you to access your files from all your devices. It's easy to use and integrates seamlessly between your data and the cloud. How does Cryptomator protect your data? Cryptomator's technology meets the latest standards and encrypts both files and filenames with AES and 256 bit key length. To start with Cryptomator, you assign a password for a folder - we call it a vault - within your cloud. That is all. No complicated key creation, no registration, no configuration! To access the vault, simply enter the password again. You will be provided with a virtual encrypted drive to which you can move your data - just like a USB flash drive. Every time you store something on this drive, Cryptomator encrypts the data automatically. Pretty simple, right? The technology behind this is state-of-the-art and encrypts both files and filenames with AES and 256 bit key length. This means: if someone looks into the folder in your cloud, they cannot draw any conclusions about your data. Optimal protection thanks to the latest technology standards If someone looks into the folder in your cloud, they cannot draw any conclusions about your data. Why is Cryptomator secure and trustworthy? No backdoors, no expiration date thanks to open source You don't have to trust Cryptomator blindly, because it is open source software. For you as a user, this means that everyone can see the code. Audited by security researchers In addition to independent security audits, the software is continuously and publicly tested in an automated way and has a measurable code quality and test coverage that is far above the industry average. GDPR-compliant synchronization with your entire team via the cloud When using Cryptomator and a cloud service with an appropriate DPA, you can synchronize data GDPR-compliant over the cloud with an entire team. Let's stay in touch Subscribe to our mailing list or follow us at @[email protected]. Subscribe 💌 Thank you for subscribing! A confirmation link has been sent to your email address. Brands Trusting our Technology Proudly Sponsored By Become a Sponsor What our Users Say Amy (Calia) @calia1120 For anyone using cloud storage, this is an absolute MUST in my opinion, especially these days. Yes, Dropbox is encrypted to begin with, but has stated that they will comply with government requests. Nevermind the possibility of a compromised account. Ian Ardouin-Fumat @iaaaan Over the past 6 months I have dropped my phone in water, got my laptop stolen, had a hard drive failure, and dropped another hard drive on the floor. I could either buy a new pair of hands and hope for the best, or move all my stuff to dropbox, and secure it with cryptomator. Marcel Richters @mrcl_mrvls Wer von euch gerne seine Daten verschlüsselt und trotzdem Cloud-Dienste nutzt: Ich habe mit @Cryptomator gute Erfahrungen gemacht.Sehr einfach, Verschlüsselung findet lokal statt, für Android, Mac und Windows (sicher auch Linux).Plus: Auf Spendenbasis für Desktop. Basse Tension @bassetension I couldn't live with peace of mind without @CryptomatorNow I am in control. Random Dave w/no authority or relevant exp. @daveoli If you are storing files in the cloud on Dropbox, Google Drive, M$ Skydrive, iCloud or Amazon highly recommend @Cryptomator for client side encryption and privacy for all your stuff. Denis Serebryakov @4billionyears If you use cloud storage (#Dropbox, #GoogleDrive) #encrypt your files seamlessly with @cryptomator. It's free, #opensource, #zero-knowledge. Just like #Bitcoin. Dennis Downing Jr. @DDJr9 This is by far one of the best apps I have installed. You guys Rock!!💪 Reception Cryptomator is a 'pay what you want' proposition. I've been using it for quite some time, […], it's a handy tool if you're serious about keeping your files safe from prying eyes. Skymatic's Cryptomator empowers cloud storage users to protect themselves against unauthorized access through free, transparent, client-side encryption. Cryptomator is more accessible than other solutions because its desktop version is free, and it only charges a small fee for using its mobile app. And even if a hacker accesses a user's vault, Cryptomator's encrypted files are useless without the proper key to decode them. Awardee of the CeBIT Innovation Award 2016 Cryptomator won the Special Award for Usable Security and Privacy. Cryptomator Blog Merchandise Press Kit Contribute GitHub Donate Translate Support Docs Community Contact Follow Us Fediverse Twitter RSS Feed Legal Impressum Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions