The Financial Brand - Banking Trends, News & Strategic Insights The Financial Brand - Banking Trends, News & Insights Subscribe FreeAll Articles View All Categories Banking Trends & Strategies Digital Banking Fintech Banking Innovation in Banking Digital Transformation CX in Banking Bank Marketing Strategy Digital Marketing Data Analytics Artificial Intelligence Payments Trends Banking Technology Mobile Banking Bank Branch Transformation Forum 2024 Conference Homepage Agenda Highlights Breakout Sessions Schedule Who Attends Registration Info Exhibiting & Sponsoring Webinars How to Drive Core Deposits at Half the Cost The Secrets of Successful Banking Acquisition Unlocking ROI in Bank CX + Digital Platform Management All Banking Webinars PodcastsReports View All Banking Reports Ready to Roll with Instant Issuance? The Digital Arms Race Navigating Digital Lending in the Face of Fraud How Young Consumers Make Credit Decisions Resources List of Digital Banks Social Media Ranks in Banking INSIGHTS Digital Magazine Supplier Directory Bank & Credit Union Slogans Advertising Info Fair and Inclusive Mortgage Policy Manuals — 120 timely topics learn more How to Turn Identity Fraud Prevention into a Competitive Advantage A secure onboarding process has the potential to be a competitive advantage. Investments in identity fraud tech can make onboarding safer and create upsell opportunities to boot. Get The Financial Brand delivered to your inbox for free! SUBSCRIBE NOW Influencer Marketing: Is the ROI Worth it for Community Banks? Big banks have already tested the waters when it comes to advertising with influencers — but there's a few considerations community banks should make before diving in. A ‘Pivotal’ Moment: What’s Next for Commercial Banking? The commercial banking industry is focusing on liquidity management and preparing for new regulations. Why? Find out here. It’s Time for Banks to Shift to Trust-Centered Customer Relationships Consumer attitudes about data privacy are changing — and the dynamics of power are shifting in their favor. How Capital One’s Bid for Discover Could Shift Payments Competitive Balance If Capital One successfully picks up Discover's payments network, the result will be a major realignment of the payments space. Featured Webinars Mar 06 How to Drive Core Deposits at Half the Cost Mar 13 The Secrets of Successful Banking Acquisition Mar 20 Unlocking ROI in CX + Digital Platform Management On-demand Webinars Watch Now Profitable Embedded Finance Strategies for FIs Watch Now How to Activate the Voice of the Silent ( sponsored content ) ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) Community Bankers’ Top Priorities This Year CSI surveyed community bankers nationwide to learn their investments and goals. Read the interactive research report for the trends and strategies for success in 2024. Read More about Community Bankers’ Top Priorities This Year ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) 5 ROI Boosters for Your Website Build Building a new banking website is a big investment – in time and money. Read on for five ways to make sure yours pays off. Read More about 5 ROI Boosters for Your Website Build ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) They Only Need 3 Employees to Operate 9 Branches? This credit union redefined branch management. Manage one remote team and serve multiple locations. It's not just a solution, it's a revolution. Read More about They Only Need 3 Employees to Operate 9 Branches? Bankers Say BaaS Turmoil Primes Future Growth Bankers now say upheaval in the industry has spurred the refinement needed to bring banking-as-a-service to the front of the table. Checkout Lessons: What Banks Need to Borrow from eCommerce Years into banking's digital revolution, many banking websites are still slow and agonizing to use. That needs to change. Is Being a ‘Regional Bank’ Now a Reputational Liability? A few high-profile failures have tarnished the category. There may be more bad news to come. How can regionals regain their shine? February Banking People Moves: Who Stayed, Left and Got Promoted Navy Federal Credit Union is getting a new CEO, Zions Bank moved around its executive team, and Huntington picks up a new CTO. Marketing Swag: What’s Hot, What’s Not (& What Is it Even?) Promotional swag is a cost-effective marketing tool — plus the right product can turn a customer into a walking billboard. Here’s how banks are leveraging swag. How Fintech Is Disrupting Traditional Banks in 2024 After a decade in the spotlight, fintech has had a bigger impact in some areas more than others. Unlocking Growth: How Consolidated Analytics Can Empower Community Banks Former community bank CFO Kim Snyder shares how consolidated analytics can help small institutions transform fragmented data into strategic assets. AI Will Be Critical to Delivering End-to-End Customer Journeys Many banks struggle to build a digital customer journey that streamlines leads from awareness to becoming customers. AI may be the key. ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) White Paper — Strategies to Unlock Efficiencies in Modern Lending Explore practical strategies and methodologies credit unions can employ to maintain a competitive edge, ensure sustainable growth, and optimize lending programs. Read More about White Paper — Strategies to Unlock Efficiencies in Modern Lending ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) Send the Right Offers to the Right Consumers Achieve a better return on your marketing investment. Leverage behavioral data and analytics to target the right customers with the best possible offers. Read More about Send the Right Offers to the Right Consumers ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) How to Elevate Your Credit Union’s Future Arriba Advisors can help you evaluate a new core platform that aligns with your goals, optimizes operations and boosts your bottom line. Read More about How to Elevate Your Credit Union’s Future Subscribe Now! Stay on top of all the latest news and trends in banking industry.Email(Required) Untitled(Required) I accept the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Philly Fed Says ‘Banking Deserts’ Are Growing. Does It Matter — and How Much is a Mirage? Cheat Sheet: Even as majors like Chase announce aggressive branch build-outs, the Philly Fed says bank deserts are growing. Can both be true? These Are the Biggest Fraud Risks Banks Will Face in 2024 Fraud is on the rise — and new tools and strategies are likely to amplify it in 2024. Evolving VoC Programs: Expert Insights on Activating the Customer’s Authentic Voice VoC limitations obstruct strategic impact — but emerging best practices can help banks systematically optimize experiences via an integrated, amplified customer voice. Are Biometrics and Tokens the Key to Seamless and Secure Banking? Tokens and biometrics offer a more streamlined and user-friendly experience than traditional passwords, providing quick access to accounts and reducing friction during login. How to Navigate the Coming Storm of Demographic Disruption Banks need to prepare now for radical change up and down the demographic spectrum, from young to old. Lifetime Value vs. Share of Wallet: Which is the Right Metric for Customer Retention? Do 'share of wallet' and 'customer lifetime value' work as metrics in a world where consumers have multiple financial relationships? How Successful Banks Are Preparing for 2024’s Rapidly Changing Landscape The banking industry is only about two months into 2024, and everything is evolving: from the deposits landscape to regulatory standards to overdraft rules. Are Banks Missing the Revenue Potential of Instant Payments? Faster payments are here, but banks and credit unions could lose out to fintechs and big techs if they don't play it smart. ( SPONSORED CONTENT ) How to Love Your Account Holders in the Digital Age Love is a choice. Do it right or wing it? One yields long-lasting relationships. The other? Learn how bankers use data to do it right. Read More about How to Love Your Account Holders in the Digital Age The Financial Brand Forum May 20-22, 2024 | ARIA HOTEL & RESORT | LAS VEGAS Don’t miss the financial industry’s premier annual event — the biggest and best conference on CX, marketing, AI, data analytics and digital growth strategies in the banking world! Visit https://FinancialBrandForum.com/ for more information. Explore AGENDA Schedule Who Attends Registration Info Get the latest banking news! I accept the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Subscribe to our free newseltter and be the first to receive the latest news, trends, and updates — straight to your inbox! THE FINANCIAL BRAND The Financial Brand is your premier destination for comprehensive insights in the financial services sector. With our in-depth articles, webinars,, reports and research, we keep banking executives up-to-date with the latest trends, growth strategies, and technological advancements that are transforming the industry today. RESOURCES Advertising Info Banking Webinars Banking Podcasts Banking Reports List of Digital Banks INSIGHTS Digital Magazine Supplier Directory © 2024 The Financial Brand. All rights reserved. About Contact LinkedIn Privacy Policy