SIL International Skip to main content Toggle navigation Contact Us Sign In Search Search Language Services Language Development Dictionaries & Lexicography Language Assessment Language Programs Management Language Technology Literacy & Education Media Development Orthography Translation Language & Culture Anthropology Arts & Ethnomusicology Diaspora Services Language & Culture Documentation Language & Culture Learning Linguistics Sign Languages Sociolinguistics Resources A Guide for Planning the Future of Our Language English with Newcomers Glossaries of Linguistic Terms Language & Culture Archives SIL International Publications Software & Fonts Training About Training For Specialties Online Training Programs Blog Our Work Discover SIL Worldwide Related Sites Careers Health Initiative IDIL Trauma Healing Why Languages Matter Language & Flourishing Sign Languages Endangered Languages About SIL Our History Our Leaders Financial Accountability Media Center Annual Report News Donate Language is essential to human life. The languages we speak or sign are at the very core of our human identity and integral to our ability to flourish in life. Tell me more SIL × Having the right information at the right time allows us to navigate life. It may be as inconsequential as thinking to grab an umbrella after reading a weather forecast. Or as critical as knowing how to protect your family in the midst of a pandemic. Ready access to information is essential to our ability to function and thrive in every aspect of life. However, for those who speak the world’s minority languages, even the most basic information is often inaccessible in a language they understand well. The resulting lack of life knowledge and skills results in poverty, poor nutrition, illness and even death. 25% of the world's people are left out because of language-related barriers. We partner with communities worldwide to develop language solutions to expand their possibilities for a better life. Our active projects are impacting: 855+ Million People 1,341 Communities 98 Countries Our Work About Us We are a global, faith-based nonprofit that works with local communities around the world to develop language solutions that expand possibilities for a better life. SIL's core contribution areas are Scripture translation, literacy, education, development, linguistic research and language tools. We are eager for the day when all people enjoy equal access to education, to socio-economic opportunities, and to resources for spiritual growth - no matter what language they speak or sign. Learn More About Us We are a global, faith-based nonprofit that works with local communities around the world to develop language solutions that expand possibilities for a better life. SIL's core contribution areas are Scripture translation, literacy, education, development, linguistic research and language tools. We are eager for the day when all people enjoy equal access to education, to socio-economic opportunities, and to resources for spiritual growth - no matter what language they speak or sign. Learn More Blog Connecting the Dots 15 February 2024 Harvesting Words 6 February 2024 Blog Connecting the Dots 15 February 2024 Harvesting Words 6 February 2024 Blog Connecting the Dots 15 February 2024 Harvesting Words 6 February 2024 News Faith & Farming initiative supports healthy farms and farmers in Asia and the Pacific February 29, 2024 SIL Africa receives CCIH health grant February 13, 2024 View All News 2 billion people can't read in their own language. Together, we can change that. Help connect people with the knowledge and skills essential to building a better life. Learn More About Us Blog News Ways to Donate Contact Us Our Leaders Why Languages Matter Our Work Language Services Copyright © 2024 SIL International | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | External Links Disclaimer