DonationAlerts – the streamer's most important tool DonationAlerts EN RU FR PT SV PL ES IT DE Sign in EN RU FR PT SV PL ES IT DE Contacts Legal Sign in Fuel Your Creative Journey Elevate your streams with DonationAlerts' interactive tools and revenue-boosting features. Designed for streamers, our platform fosters innovation and enriches the creative community. Get started How It Works 114 203 128 Alerts sent 6 729 544 Streamers Fostering a Culture of Giving over $500,000 raised At DonationAlerts, we believe in the power of sharing. Embracing this ethos, our users collaboratively raised over $500,000 for noble causes: from aiding pet shelters to supporting health and education initiatives, we're fostering an environment of giving. How It Works Take a look at service's basic features. Donations Subscriptions Donation goals Poll Media Thomas - $ 30 Great stream! John Doe - $ 15 Thanks for streaming! Receive Donations Receive donations from viewers and display them on your live broadcasts. Customize the appearance of alerts by adjusting many available settings. Try now Autobus just subscribed! Alistan just subscribed! Show Subscribers Motivate your viewers to subscribe by displaying new subscribers on your streams. Try now New PC $ 1 337 (66%) 0 3 333 Set Goals Tell your viewers why you are raising funds. Your fundraising progress will be displayed on the stream. Do you have several goals? The viewer will be asked to choose one of them. Try now What game are you anticipating the most? Mount & Blade 2: Bannerlord 0% Cyberpunk 2077 0% Set Up Polls Find out what your audience thinks about any topic in real time. Try now Playing Acoustic Guitar Media Sharing Receive media files from viewers and play them on the stream. Decide what to broadcast and what to not broadcast. Try now Try now Donations Subscriptions Donation goals Poll Media Thomas - $ 30 Great stream! John Doe - $ 15 Thanks for streaming! Receive Donations Receive donations from viewers and display them on your live broadcasts. Customize the appearance of alerts by adjusting many available settings. Try now Autobus just subscribed! Alistan just subscribed! Show Subscribers Motivate your viewers to subscribe by displaying new subscribers on your streams. Try now New PC $ 1 337 (66%) 0 3 333 Set Goals Tell your viewers why you are raising funds. Your fundraising progress will be displayed on the stream. Do you have several goals? The viewer will be asked to choose one of them. Try now What game are you anticipating the most? Mount & Blade 2: Bannerlord 0% Cyberpunk 2077 0% Set Up Polls Find out what your audience thinks about any topic in real time. Try now Playing Acoustic Guitar Media Sharing Receive media files from viewers and play them on the stream. Decide what to broadcast and what to not broadcast. Try now Try now Compatible & Friendly DonationAlerts works hand-in-hand with popular streaming platforms, and always in line with their rules. We're here to boost your streaming journey, wherever it may take place. Effortless Donations and Secure Withdrawals DonationAlerts ensures a seamless experience for both streamers and viewers. With a wide variety of payment methods, your supporters can easily contribute, and you can withdraw funds securely. Dashboard Made Easy Our intuitive dashboard lets you effortlessly manage widgets, monitor stream events, and analyze donation trends, making stream management a breeze. About Help Contacts Legal Privacy Policy Brand API for Developers Follow us © 2024 CEBC B.V. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. You already have a DonationAlerts account Sign in via Twitch Sign in via YouTube Sign in via Facebook Sign in via Dailymotion Sign in via Discord Sign in via Boosty Sign in via TikTok Sign in via Trovo Sign in via Telegram Sign in via GoodGame Sign in via WASD Sign in via Apple ID Sign in via another platform Choose your preferred platform: Twitch YouTube Facebook Dailymotion Discord Boosty TikTok Trovo Telegram GoodGame WASD Apple ID Already have a DonationAlerts account? Before you sign in through the new platform, we recommend that you link your account in the "General settings" section of the dashboard. This will help you avoid creating additional DonationAlerts accounts. By authorizing, you confirm that you have read carefully and agree to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy.