ScreenPal | Screen Recorder & Video Editor (Formerly Screencast-O-Matic) Sign Up Log In Create Create Capture Screenshot Launch Recorder Edit Image Edit Video Stories Editor Upload Content Create Quiz Sign Up, It's Free Toggle navigation Product Screen recorder Record your screen for free. Video editor Easily edit your videos for free. Video & Image Hosting Share & protect your content with our content management platform. Screenshots Instantly capture and annotate your screen. Image editor Edit screenshots & imported images within minutes. Video quizzing Engage with your audience through quiz questions, ratings, and polls. Stories Streamline video creation with storyboards and scripts. Stock Library Explore videos, images and music. Analytics Understand your audience with advanced video analytics. View all tools View all integrations Education Teachers Bring lessons to life through videos and images. Teaching Resources Certifications, webinars, and ideas for educators. Schools & Districts Create and collaborate across your schools. Integrations Integrate with your top tools and learning management platforms (LMS). Higher Ed Guide and empower future generations. Education Pricing Empowering students and teachers to collaborate at a discounted price. Business Business Solutions Sales Training Marketing Customer Support Product See all business solutions Business Resources Certifications, webinars, tips, and insights. Integrations Integrate with your everyday tools and your team's workflow. Pricing Collaboration tools, stock photography, branded player, and more. Product Education Business Resources Pricing Resources Blog Read our latest articles on video creation and sharing. Tutorials & Training We'll walk you through our product features and share tips & tricks. What's new Stay updated with the latest features and releases. Help center Search our support articles, frequently asked questions, or reach out for help. Earn a Badge Pricing Log In Sign Up, It's Free Main Menu Education Teacher Bring lessons to life through videos and images. School & Districts Create and collaborate across your schools. Higher Ed Guide and empower future generations. Teaching Resources Certifications, webinars, and ideas for educators. Integrations Integrate with your top tools and learning management platforms (LMS). Log In Sign Up, It's Free!! Main Menu Business Sales Training Marketing Customer Support Product See all business solutions Business Resources Integrations Pricing Log In Sign Up, It's Free!! Main Menu Product Screen recorder Record your screen for free. Screenshots Instantly capture and annotate your screen. Stories Streamline video creation with storyboards and scripts. Video editor Edit with our intuitive video editor. Image Editor Edit screenshots & uploaded images within minutes. Stock Library Explore videos, images and music. Video & Image Hosting Share & protect your videos and image with our content management platform. Video quizzing Engage with your audience through quiz questions, ratings, and polls. Analytics Understand your audience with advanced video analytics. View all tools The all-in-one video creation and sharing platform. View all integrations Integrate with your favorite tools and use video to communicate. Log In Sign Up, It's Free!! Main Menu Resources Blog Read our latest articles on video creation and sharing. Tutorials & Training We'll walk you through our product features and share tips & tricks. Help center Search our support articles, frequently asked questions, or reach out for help. What's new Stay Updated with the latest features and releases. Badge certification Become a ScreenPal certified educator. Log In Sign Up, It's Free!! Capture, create, and share the easy way ScreenPal’s intuitive tools help you capture, create, and share videos and images for authentic and effective visual communication. Download ScreenPal for free Windows, Mac / iOS, Android, and Chromebook | No account required Your all-in-one app for easy and engaging visual communication Screen Recorder Screenshot Video Editor Image Editor Content Hosting Interactive Video Record your screen and webcam Turn your expertise into engaging trainings and compelling presentations with easy screen capture tools. Record your screen, webcam or both with voiceover narration and computer audio. Add AI speech-to-text captions to make your videos accessible. Learn more about the screen recorder Key Features Background remover Webcam recorder Speech-To-Text captions Take a screenshot Improve collaboration and save time with visual communication. Take a screenshot of any part of your screen or use scrolling screenshots to capture full-page images. Easily annotate to clarify your message then share anywhere. Start taking screenshots Key Features Scrolling screenshots Annotate screenshots Image hosting Edit videos the easy way Enhance your recordings and videos in the video editor. Combine recordings, add video and image overlays, and add rich text, shapes, transitions, sound effects and music. Use drag-and-drop video storyboards to plan your content and streamline your workflow. Add automated speech-to-text captions or use the easy interactive captions editor to make your content accessible for every learner. Explore the intuitive video editor! Key Features Trim & cut videos Storyboard creator Stock library Edit images and screenshots Annotate your screenshots and customize your images with intuitive editing tools. Turn screenshots into visual communication in the image editor with rich text, arrow and shape overlays, blurs and highlights, zoom effects, and sequential step markup. Recognize text with optical character recognition (OCR) to copy, edit, style, or replace. Explore the image editor Key Features Overlay images Blur images AI image-to-text Host unlimited videos and images Organize and share your videos and images securely with robust privacy controls. Share your content with a link, and embed videos anywhere. Your videos will look their best in our high-quality, ad-free video player. Add custom thumbnails, branding, call-to-action buttons, and customize your video player to control the full experience for your audience. Showcase your content in playlist and carousel channels. Learn about secure content hosting Key Features Embed videos Customizable video player Call-to-action buttons Engage viewers with interactive videos Turn your videos into interactive quizzes, polls, and surveys to motivate learners and capture feedback. Gain actionable insights with advanced video analytics and video heatmaps. Explore interactive video quizzes and polls Key Features Video quizzes and polls Video analytics Video heatmaps Record your screen and webcam Turn your expertise into engaging trainings and compelling presentations with easy screen capture tools. Record your screen, webcam or both with voiceover narration and computer audio. Add AI speech-to-text captions to make your videos accessible. Learn about the screen recorder Key Features Background remover Webcam recorder Speech-To-Text captions Take a screenshot Improve collaboration and save time with visual communication. Take a screenshot of any part of your screen or use scrolling screenshots to capture full-page images. Easily annotate to clarify your message then share anywhere. Start taking screenshots Key Features Scrolling screenshots Annotate screenshots Image hosting Edit videos the easy way Enhance your recordings and videos in the video editor. Combine recordings, add video and image overlays, and add rich text, shapes, transitions, sound effects and music. Use drag-and-drop video storyboards to plan your content and streamline your workflow. Add automated speech-to-text captions or use the easy interactive captions editor to make your content accessible for every learner. Explore the intuitive video editor Key Features Trim & cut videos Storyboard creator Stock library Edit images and screenshots Annotate your screenshots and customize your images with intuitive editing tools. Turn screenshots into visual communication in the image editor with rich text, arrow and shape overlays, blurs and highlights, zoom effects, and sequential step markup. Recognize text with optical character recognition (OCR) to copy, edit, style, or replace. Explore the image editor Key Features Overlay images Blur images AI image-to-text Host unlimited videos and images Organize and share your videos and images securely with robust privacy controls. Share your content with a link, and embed videos anywhere. Your videos will look their best in our high-quality, ad-free video player. Add custom thumbnails, branding, call-to-action buttons, and customize your video player to control the full experience for your audience. Showcase your content in playlist and carousel channels. Learn about secure content hosting Key Features Embed videos Customizable video player Call-to-action buttons Engage viewers with interactive videos Turn your videos into interactive quizzes, polls, and surveys to motivate learners and capture feedback. Gain actionable insights with advanced video analytics and video heatmaps. Explore interactive video quizzes and polls Key Features Video quizzes and polls Video analytics Video heatmaps Used, trusted, loved. 190 countries 100,000,000+ Videos captured (& counting) since 2006 98/100 universities in the US Overall rating 4.6 out of 5 based on 4,516 reviews Download ScreenPal for free Everyone can educate and engage with videos and images Education Educators and students turn to ScreenPal for easy communication. Videos are used in the classroom for flipped/blended learning, Video Messaging, student assignments, feedback and more! Video for the classroom Business We offer teams video creation solutions for faster, clearer communication. Videos for coaching, marketing, demos, training and more. Quickly create videos, manage content and collaborate with your team. Video to get the job done Development ScreenPal provides an E2E screen recording solution for developers. Solution Builder can be used for a simple integration into an existing workflow or for application providers who require full functionality with tight integration. Explore the API See why brands, educators, and creators love ScreenPal A catalyst for active learning and collaboration ScreenPal’s user-friendly interface and seamless integration into our existing teaching methods made it an obvious choice. From day one, it was clear that ScreenPal was not just another tech tool; it was a catalyst for active learning and collaboration. Jessica Mays Technology Integration and Innovation Coordinator, Arlington ISD Frees up my time With ScreenPal I’ve been able to extend my expertise and automate some of my more routine tasks by creating high-quality video content and feedback, which then frees up my time for more personalized mentorship. Martin Mehl Cal Poly University Professor and founder and CEO of Mentorship Academy Consistent, branded look and feel We use ScreenPal internally to create and manage all of the videos we share with educators. ScreenPal makes it easy to create videos with a consistent, branded look and feel, and then to share all of those videos from a central repository. Robert Barnett Chief Program Officer, The Modern Classrooms Project One account works across every device. Capture and edit on any device, manage your content securely in the cloud, and share with confidence. Sign up, it's free! Formerly Screencast-O-Matic Capture, create and share Company About Blog Careers Media Assets Contact Sales Solutions Education Work Personal Developers Product Overview Screen Recorder Video Messaging Screenshots Video Editor Image Editor Stories Video & Image Hosting Video Quizzing iOS App Android App Video Analytics Stock Library Integrations Resources Blog Tutorials & Training Support Webcam Test Mic Test What's New? Affiliate Earn a Badge Pricing Individuals & Business Education Quote for Business Quote for Education © 2024 ScreenPal® | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy We use cookies to optimize the experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can learn more in our Privacy Policy.