Sailboats To Go - Our Mission: Extremely Portable Sailboats Make Sailing a Breeze... ...with an easy-setup, easy-storing sail kit for your canoe, kayak, rowboat, or inflatable dinghy. Home Products Canoe Sailing Kayak Sailing Dinghy Sailing Snark Car-Topping Sailboats Sails Canoe Stabilizers (Outriggers) Rowing Rowboat & Porta-Bote Sailing Parts and Accessories Boats (without sail rigs) Motor Mounts Portage Carts Roof Racks Trailers Small Outboards Specialty Boats Videos Deals Shopping Guide About Us Testimonials Links Search Cart | checkout Email Jim@SailboatsToGo.com Extremely Portable Sailboats Founded in 2003 by Jim Luckett See what it's like: Click Here for Sailing Video Order online or by phone: 1-978-263-7598 Sail kits & accessories for virtually any canoe, kayak, rowboat or dinghy! Affordable, Portable, Capable on Tacks and Quick to setup. Call of email for latest Sea Eagle sale prices -- we can't update our website fast enough! There are some great deals. Canoe Sailing Buy a SportsPal Canoe Kayak Sailing Dinghy/Catamaran Sailing Snark Car-Topping Sailboats Snark Parts Replacement Sails Sails Stabilizers (Outriggers) For Canoes For Kayaks For Snarks Home of the SQUARE POST system! Canoe Rowing Inflatable Kayak Rowing Snark Rowing Rowboat & Porta-Bote Sailing Specialty Boats Pakboats packable canoes Nucanoe sit-on-top canoes Wavewalk Catamaran Nauticraft Pedal boat Minicat Catamarans Boats (without Sail Rigs) Featuring Intex, Sea Eagle & Saturn & SportsPal Motor Mounts For Canoes For Dinghies Portage Carts Roof Racks Trailers Parts & Accessories Electric Motor Package Snark Parts Popular Canoe and Kayak Accessories Do-It-Yourself Sail Rig Plans Contact Us: Call 1-978-263-7598. Email: Jim@SailboatsToGo.com Try our search engine: sitekayak_rigcanoe_rigboatsdinghy_rigpartsplans Shopping Guide Call me or Email. Hi! I'm Jim Luckett. You can trust SailboatsToGo. I am a boating enthusiast like you, and I'm eager to help. Here's my home phone: 978-263-7598. Call me up to 8 PM Eastern time and let's get acquainted and see what, if any, sail rig is right for you. No pressure, I promise. The only sales I want are ones where the buyer is truly happy and comfortable with their purchase so please feel free to ask for guidance before you buy. I am in my 70s, retired from other successful lines of work. SailboatsToGo LLC is for fun. Started it in 2003. (Video intro: click here) Our credit card processing is done over an encrypted connection which stands behind our guarantee of honest dealing and secure credit-card processing. If you need any help with a purchase (before, during, or after) give us a call or shoot us an email. More... I started SailboatsToGo LLC because I love sailing and I hate expense and hassle. See me sail (click here) When I get the impulse to be on the lake or bay under sail, I want to just go and be sailing within the hour. When I'm not sailing, I don't want mooring fees, trailer license fees, storage issues, maintenance issues etc. I looked at and rented a Sunfish -- Too heavy on land and it's strictly bathing-suit sailing, which is no good in early Spring or in Fall. I built a plywood sailboat. Too heavy and it required a trailer, annual maintenance, and was not comfortable. I looked at and rented the Escape. Too heavy. Trailer required. Not comfortable, Not dry. At last I bought a sail rig for my canoe. FABULOUS! Roomy, lightweight, dry, comfy, fun to sail. So great, that I wanted to bring the sail rig with me on vacations to the Caribbean. But there are no canoes to rent where we vacationed in the Caribbean. So I made a rig for an inflatable raft, using some parts from the canoe rig and some ingenuity. The resulting inflatable sailboat worked so surprisingly well, I had to share it with the world... And in 2003 SailboatsToGo LLC was born! About our Sail Kits. Everything needed to sail is included except wind, water and you! Nothing in our kit is over 4 feet long when folded. The complete folded kit fits in a bag and the weight of most kits is in the 35 - 45 lb. range. They fit easily in the trunk of a small car with room to spare and store in a closet or even under a bed! Our sail rigs are made tough, to stand up to wind, waves, and salt water. All parts are made from corrosion resistant materials like anodized aluminum, high-performance plastics, and stainless steel. Many of the boats can be setup for rowing and take gas or electric outboard motors (most require an optional motor mount). Will our rigs work on types of boats not listed on our website? Probably yes! Email Jim@SailboatsToGo.com and tell us what make and model boat you want to sail. More... Boat Safely! Learn and follow the rules of safe boating. Don't take foolish risks. Wear life preservers, bring paddles, and boat only when and where conditions are appropriate to your boat and skill level. Boating has inherent risks of injury or death, that precautions can reduce but not eliminate. By using our products you signify acceptance of those risks. Sailing Safety Tips General Ordering Information and Return Policy For a page that has a link to every product we sell, all on one page, click here. Email Questions To: Sales@SailboatsToGo.com (978) 263-7598 (Direct Line to Owner & Manager Jim Luckett) 7 days per week - 9 am to 8pm Eastern © 2001 - 2024 SailboatsToGo, LLC. All rights reserved.