Antiques, Art, and Collectibles - What's it Worth? | WorthPoint Price Guide Marks Library Dictionary Vault Upcoming Auctions Blog Articles WorthPoint Media Newsletter Signup Treasure Hunts & Events Affiliate Program WorthPoint® Affinity Partners Admin Log in Try for free My Worthpoint Welcome back, Personal Profile My Account Admin Account My Worthpoint Saved Searches My Vault My Favorite Items My Favorite Marks My Favorite Books Sign Out Log in Try for free Welcome back, Personal Profile My Account Admin Account My Worthpoint Saved Searches My Vault My Favorite Items My Favorite Marks My Favorite Books Sign Out Price Guide Marks Library Dictionary Vault Upcoming Auctions Blog Articles WorthPoint Media Newsletter Signup Treasure Hunts & Events Affiliate Program WorthPoint® Affinity Partners Admin DISCOVER. VALUE. PRESERVE. See the collectibles market more clearly with the most comprehensive suite of tools to help you research, identify, and value your antiques and collectibles. Try for free Start to explore SOLD $221,400 08/2021 BUY BETTER &SELL SMARTER Find accurate pricing trends with our Price Guide comprising nearly 2 decades of historical pricing data aggregated from the world’s leading auction houses and online marketplaces. EXPLORE PRICE GUIDE SOLD $840-$1,495 2017-2022 IDENTIFY & AUTHENTICATE Search our visual database of 200,000+ makers’ marks, autographs, patterns, and symbols to identify your item and discover its history, value, and authenticity. EXPLORE MARKS SOLD $110,657 07/2017 RESEARCH & DISCOVER Expand your knowledge with our digital Library of over 11,000 books, guides, and catalogs that cover a wide range of topics, from comic books to sterling silver. EXPLORE LIBRARY SOLD $41,418 08/2007 CATALOG & PRESERVE Store, track, and organize your prized possessions and watch them grow in value with the Vault — a personal digital archive. VISIT VAULT SOLD $10,000 09/2022 All Categories Advertising Alcohol & Smoking Antiquities Books, Paper & Magazines Ceramics Coins & Currency Entertainment Ethnic, Folk & Native American Art Fine Art Firearms and Accessories Fraternal, Political, Organizations Furniture & Furnishings Glass Jewelry Metals Militaria & Weapons Natural History Sports Stamps Textiles, Clothing & Accessories Tools Toys, Dolls, Games & Puzzles Transportation and Vehicles Explore over 610 million items and images (realized values) from both auction houses and online marketplaces. Latest Dictionary pages All Dictionary pages Featured Articles March 4, 2024 Diving Deep into Estate Sale Jewelry, Pottery, and More Estate sale jewelry comes in all shapes, sizes, and materials. You never know if you’ll walk away with a genuine treasure or a shiny dud, […] Read more March 4, 2024 AND THE OSCAR GOES TO … Collecting Academy Award Memorabilia It’s award season, and the red carpet is full of hopeful stars who want to bring home an award. The 96th Academy Awards show is […] Read more March 1, 2024 Vintage Costume Jewelry’s Most Influential Women Since March is Women’s History Month, I thought it would be a great time to highlight some of the many women who have made a […] Read more March 1, 2024 Great Discoveries: Antique Dolls Found Inside Victorian Home’s Walls Built in 1883, the Thomas Williams House in Moncton, Canada, symbolizes what life was like during the Victorian era. A recent assessment provided a glimpse […] Read more February 29, 2024 5 Hot Lots Coming to Auction in March WorthPoint’s Industry Partners are offering some great collectibles in several March auctions, ranging from a fun set inspired by the world’s coolest spy to a […] Read more February 29, 2024 Collecting Dungeons & Dragons, from Mimics to Mind Flayers Regarded by many as the greatest fantasy roleplaying game of all time, Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) takes place across a variety of settings—from the scorching […] Read more February 28, 2024 Lose Your Head Over Marie Antoinette Collectibles Few historical figures have captured the attention and imagination quite like that of the late 18th-century French queen, Marie Antoinette, whose lifestyle helped push the […] Read more February 28, 2024 Chairs and Other Vintage Estate Sale Finds That Rock As basic furniture styles from low-cost big box stores become increasingly prevalent, antique and vintage furniture is becoming increasingly important. Whenever I go thrifting, each […] Read more February 27, 2024 What’s Trending and What’s Ending in 2024 Thankfully, 2024 started with a bang, giving me high hopes for larger crowds at our estate sales inside the San Francisco Bay Area. Rising trends […] Read more February 27, 2024 eBay Checks in with Resellers at Spring Event Next week marks eBay’s first Seller Check-In of 2024. It’s the latest in a series of events held all year long to help sellers improve […] Read more All Articles OUR INDUSTRY PARTNERS WorthPoint partners with a diverse group of auction houses and online marketplaces —including industry leaders such as Hindman Auctions, Rago Auctions, Julien's, and of course, eBay—to provide sales data for art, antiques, vintage, luxury, and collectible items. Our Price Guide features more than 610 million items and a billion photographs from historical records beginning in 2006, through today. We are always looking for industry partners to contribute their price results. Providing your data to WorthPoint will expose your sales and auctions to an active and engaged group of collectors and sellers. We are ranked in the top 1,000 most visited sites in the world! Since we believe in open data and true partnerships, participating in our Price Guide is always fee-free for industry partners. Click here to learn more about partnering with WorthPoint. VIEW ALL PARTNERS Popular Categories Advertising Alcohol & Smoking Antiquities Books, Paper & Magazines Ceramics Coins & Currency Ethnic, Folk & Native American Art Entertainment Fine Art Firearms and Accessories Fraternal, Political, Organizations Furniture Furnishings Glass Jewelry Metals Militaria & Weapons Natural History Sports Stamps Textiles, Clothing & Accessories Tools Toys, Dolls, Games & Puzzles Transportation and Vehicles Industry Partners VIEW ALL INDUSTRY PARTNERS About Us Contact Us WorthPoint Careers Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQ © 2024 - WorthPoint Corporation | 5 Concourse Parkway NE, Suite 2900. Atlanta, Georgia 30328 | 877.481.5750