Birmingham City University We use cookies on this website to improve the experience we provide. By continuing to use our site you agree to this, or visit our cookie policy to manage your settings. OK Birmingham City University Skip to main content Skip to main menu Search the BCU website View saved courses Open main menu Saved courses Search website About us About BCU With over 30,000 students from around 100 countries, we’re a large and diverse university set in the heart of Birmingham with a focus on practice-based learning. Faculties/Schools Our faculties Arts, Design and Media Business, Law & Social Sciences Health, Education & Life Sciences Computing, Engineering & the Built Environment Our schools The University About the University News and events Our history Corporate information Policies and procedures Social responsibility More in this section Contact Details Campuses and Maps Job Vacancies Schools and colleges Parents and Carers Chancellor Sir Lenny Henry About us Our faculties News & events Contact us Courses Our courses Discover our wide range of contemporary courses, built with practice-based learning and international opportunities at every stage. Level of Study Undergraduate Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Foundation Short Courses Apprenticeships Part-time Courses Distance Learning Jan/Feb Starts Subject Area Art and Design Built Environment Business Computing Education Engineering English Health and Sport Law Media Music and Theatre Social Sciences More in this section Open Days Course Enquiries Team Our Prospectuses Our courses Find your course Open days Our prospectuses Student information Life as a BCU student Find out everything you need to know about being a student at BCU, including accommodation, Open Days and how to apply. Studying at BCU Why study at BCU Be more employable Reasons to choose us Financial support Life in Birmingham Open days Our facilities Applying for BCU How to apply Entry requirements Application advice After you apply Accommodation Enrolment Student partnership agreement Types of Study About studying here Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Part-time Studying abroad Apprenticeships More on studying Preparing for university Students' Union (BCUSU) Transfer arrangements Learning support University regulations The student contract Mature students Student Info Open Days Accommodation Life in Birmingham Alumni Your Alumni community Our alumni community stay involved with the University such as through reunion events, and mentoring programmes, by offering placements, and as international ambassadors. Community About us Join our community News and events Our alumni Benefits and discounts Giving back Alumni Services Your BCU email Graduate Scholarship Accessing BCU systems Library membership Certificates and transcripts References Careers support Graduate employment support Self employment support Volunteering and mentoring Graduate events and training Graduate Outcomes Survey Jobs portal Graduation Graduation ceremonies Gowning and photography Guest tickets What happens on the day Alumni of the Year Graduation FAQs Stay in touch News and events Graduation Careers support International Study in the UK's second city Find out about studying with us alongside students from around 100 countries worldwide at our modern and dynamic university. Prospective students Why study here? Life in Birmingham Why choose BCU? Our focus on employability Accommodation Student support Study abroad Study in China International Summer School BCU International College Study costs Fee costs and scholarships Tuition fees Living costs Scholarships Earn while you learn Planning your finances How to pay Applying How to apply Courses Entry requirements English requirements Foundation programmes Accepting an offer Planning your arrival January starts Get in touch Contact us BCU in your country Social Media International webinars International Guide Request a call Visit us Refer a friend International Study Why study here? How to apply Contact us Business services Discover our services for businesses Birmingham City University is fast becoming the leading Midlands-based university for transforming the region and accelerating growth in the local economy, driving innovation, enterprise and skills for the region. Business growth SME Business growth support Business events and venue hire Knowledge transfer partnerships STEAMhouse What is STEAMhouse? What is STEAM? Acquire unique office space Recruit Recruit graduates and students Meet our students Business mentoring Discover more Transforming the region Our 2025 strategy Apprenticeships Short courses Business Growth STEAMhouse Recruitment Business events Research Discover our research Our researchers and research centres aim to make an original contribution to knowledge and the world. View our research centres. Areas of Research Art Business Built Environment Computing and Digital Technology Design Education and Social Work Engineering English Health and Social Care Law Media and Cultural Studies Music and Performance Social Sciences Sport and Life Sciences More information Research projects Research with us Making a difference Meet our researchers Our Research Our PhDs You have no saved courses. How do you save a course?It's simple, just look for the 'save this course' buttons when viewing course search results, listings or details.What can you do with saved courses?Saving courses allow you to compare them, it also allows you to create a permanent list of 'favourites' that will always be there when you visit our site. More about saved Courses Open Day 23 March Book now Find a course Search keyword or course Select academic year of study 2023/24 2024/25 Search Worried about exams? Don't be. We’ve got a load of helpful tips on how to revise and prepare for your exams. Get revision help IAMBCU Cinema ad View video transcript[Music] I thought I might have potential I just needed the right place, the right people to help make it happen. I found where I belong, amazing people who believe in me, a supportive Community giving me the confidence I need, the platform I wanted. Now nothing seems out of reach. This is only the beginning. I am BCU. I AM BCU We have a confident, proud and diverse community of students at BCU, who are striving to achieve their career goals and transform their lives. Read their stories Accommodation We have seven halls of residence offering a range of on campus and inner city living. Halls of Residence Student Life Whether you’re moving to Birmingham or you’re a Brummie at heart, there’s so much to student life here to explore. Life in Birmingham Scholarships With our two scholarship schemes, you could receive extra funding and support to kick start your BCU journey. See if you're eligible Gold forStudent Experience BCU has been awarded the highest possible rating of Gold for Student Experience, and Silver overall, in the latest Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF). Read more about TEF University News Ramadan guidance for PE sessions in schools proving a big hit Guidance developed by Birmingham City University (BCU) to support fasting Muslim staff and students taking part in physical education during Ramadan has attracted interest from the Department of Ed... Police promise a more diverse force to support domestic abuse survivors at conference Women from Black and Global Majority backgrounds who have been victims of domestic abuse could soon be pulling on the uniform of the West Midlands Police – and the move has been welcomed by a leadi... Sir Lenny to step down as Chancellor of Birmingham City University Sir Lenny Henry will step down from his role as Chancellor of Birmingham City University at the end of 2024, eight years after becoming the institution’s figurehead. See all news Popular links About us How to apply International Maps and Directions Contact us Careers at BCU Term Dates Prospectus Alumni Search Search Recent searches We won't record your recent searches as you have opted out of functional cookies. You can change this on our Manage Privacy page should you wish to. Popular searches Open Days Scholarships Postgraduate Guide Student Finance Student Support Suggested searches Prospectus Life in Birmingham I AM BCU Graduate Scholarship STEAMhouse Contact Us Birmingham City University University House 15 Bartholomew Row Birmingham B5 5JU United Kingdom +44 (0)121 331 5000 Our Faculties Arts, Design and Media Business, Law and Social Sciences Health, Education and Life Sciences Computing, Engineering and the Built Environment Find all of our Schools Interested in studying with us? Sign up to our emails Connect Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram TikTok LinkedIn Weibo Wechat The Student Room Apple Windows Android Quick Links iCity Moodle Library Staff Email Student Email Student Union Online Store Modern Slavery Statement Terms of Use Privacy Notices Policies and Procedures How we use cookies Accessibility Statement Legal Information Sign in © 2011-2024 Birmingham City University