diginomica - business insights for the digital enterprise Skip to main content Your story library Toggle Main Menu About menu Apps About Down arrow About Us The Team Terms and Privacy Let's Talk Magnifier glass icon Search toggler RSS icon Visit diginomica's Main RSS Feed. Facebook F letter icon Check out diginomica on Facebook. Twitter bird icon Follow diginomica on Twitter. Linkedin In letters icon Make connections with diginomica on LinkedIn. Subscribe to our FREE Newsletter Main navigation Core tech Down arrow ERP HCM CRM SCM Analytics Marketing Collaboration Infrastructure Open source Future tech Down arrow IoT Robotics Machine and deep learning UX Policy & practice Down arrow User stories Work Brexit COVID-19 Privacy Regulation Services Earnings reports Vertical markets Down arrow Public sector Retail Financial services Connected manufacturing d·books Down arrow Informed Buyer Total Experience XaaS Partners Events Latest story Can AI stitch up a profitable future for Resale-as-a-Service platform providers like thredUP? Generative AI is going to be a game changer, according to thredUP CEO James Reinhart. Bookmark icon Read later Earlier stories How does AI support creativity? A marketing perspective Bookmark icon Read later How North Sea Transition Authority is using open data to accelerate the transition to Net Zero Bookmark icon Read later CIO interview, Filippo Catalano - Reckitt reveals a product focus is the healthiest approach Bookmark icon Read later C3.ai CEO Tom Siebel - "We’re now applying generative AI in all kind of areas where we wouldn't have expected" Bookmark icon Read later Enterprise hits and misses - a week full of hallucinations, earnings, acquisitions and more Bookmark icon Read later Partner stories How to use your service and asset data to deliver a game-changing customer experience Geopolitics and a transforming oil and gas industry mean that small margins matter. Zach Arnold of ServiceMax customer Westmor explains how existing asset data can make a huge difference to the bottom line. Bookmark icon Read later Retail and hospitality companies unlock the data insights they need to face the future Workday's Keith Pickens looks at the findings from two surveys exploring the challenges faced by business leaders in the hospitality and retail industries - and how customers have addressed them by unlocking data insights. Bookmark icon Read later Data Streaming requires IT leaders to adopt a new mindset to build digital-first applications Data streaming can enable businesses to become more responsive. But it isn't a bolt-on. Confluent's Holger Temme considers two companies who have changed the way that they think about their architecture to get ahead. Bookmark icon Read later Prompt Engineer, the hottest new job in tech, is already almost obsolete Prompt Engineers - do businesses need them? What does the job entail? And is it worth it? Zoho's Raju Vegesna brings some hard realities to counter the pipedream of generative AI. Bookmark icon Read later 2024 outlook - AI at work AI alone isn't enough to deliver real business benefits - and businesses are seeing a gap between implementation and results. UiPath's Kelly Ducourty reveals how companies are using automation to put AI to work. Bookmark icon Read later More stories Conversational AI key to South American cosmetics giant Belcorp’s sales strategy This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Belcorp has made a major commitment to conversational AI and is using Kore.ai’s ‘Jessica’ virtual WhatsApp field sales force assistant to help its customer-contact workforce Read more about Conversational AI key to South American cosmetics giant Belcorp’s sales strategy Right arrow icon Diminishing DEI - the big mistake that some tech firms are making and storing up talent problems for the future This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Firms would do better to reshape DEI programs to cover areas like age and class, rather than cutting them altogether. Read more about Diminishing DEI - the big mistake that some tech firms are making and storing up talent problems for the future Right arrow icon Making Salesforce admins '10x more powerful' - Einstein Copilot enters beta on the eve of TrailblazerDX This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later We speak to the SVP of Salesforce AI about the work that's gone into creating the Einstein Copilot digital assistant and its likely impact on how people use Salesforce. Read more about Making Salesforce admins &#039;10x more powerful&#039; - Einstein Copilot enters beta on the eve of TrailblazerDX Right arrow icon AI and creativity, part three - musicians, the BPI, and Equity speak out This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Creative industries and new technology are natural bedfellows. So why does one sector feel like it is used as a one-night stand? Or might a LTR develop? Read more about AI and creativity, part three - musicians, the BPI, and Equity speak out Right arrow icon Smaller, faster deals boost Zuora's win rates, but two customer churns come as a surprise This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Zuora's shifted its strategy in response to macro-economic uncertainties to focus more on quicker, smaller deals alongside its enterprise push. It's working, says CEO Tien Tzuo. Read more about Smaller, faster deals boost Zuora&#039;s win rates, but two customer churns come as a surprise Right arrow icon AI and creativity, part two – why vendors must work with, not against, the creative sector This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later In the second report of our three-part series, we hear a clarion call for collaboration, and not adversarial debate. But why has an argument arisen between AI vendors and creatives in the first place? Read more about AI and creativity, part two – why vendors must work with, not against, the creative sector Right arrow icon How Technical University Dublin is working with Workday to understand AI's societal impact This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Business meets academia in a bid to understand how AI will change all our lives. Read more about How Technical University Dublin is working with Workday to understand AI&#039;s societal impact Right arrow icon When relationships hit the rocks - five years on, Ocado and M&S talk legal action around "transformative" e-commerce JV This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Once an online dream team, M&S's unhappiness with Ocado's performance has the two on collision course. Read more about When relationships hit the rocks - five years on, Ocado and M&amp;S talk legal action around &quot;transformative&quot; e-commerce JV Right arrow icon HR month in review - February 2024 This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later 2024 continues to deliver a bumper crop of HR, return to office and related topics. But culture, employee experience, and empathetic leadership seem to be AWOL. Let’s dive into the best ideas of the month. Read more about HR month in review - February 2024 Right arrow icon How Cisco is living its next best life as a more sustainable company This article is sponsored by: Bookmark icon Read later Cisco has sustainability targets and ambitions - here's how it's executing on them. Read more about How Cisco is living its next best life as a more sustainable company Right arrow icon Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Go to topics diginomica- The new professional and IT as a service- IT service management- Digital skills and training- Outsourcing- Professional services- HCM and the digital future of work- Diversity- Future of work- HR admin and payroll- Talent management- Healthcare transformation- IoT robotics and AI- Internet of Things- Machine intelligence and AI- Robotics- Retail e-commerce and the omni-channel- e-commerce- UX and application design- Mobile- User experience- Zoneless- Analytics planning and data analysis- Brexit- Cloud ERP financials and supply chain- Financials- Spend management and SCM- Governing identity privacy and security- Ethics- Security- Identity- Regulation- Data privacy- Sustainability- Hits and misses- Collaboration sharing and digital productivity- Productivity- Social- Connected manufacturing- CRM and customer experience- Customer service management- Field service management- DevOps NoSQL and the open source stack- Open source- NoSQL- Cloud platforms - infrastructure and architecture- Infrastructure- Digital and content marketing- Content marketing- Digital transformation - frictionless enterprise- Frictionless enterprise- Financial services and fintech- Fintech- Digital enterprise in the real world- Use cases- Public sector- Government- Education- Third sector and non-profits Subscribe To Our FREE Newsletter Plus icon Contact us diginomica and the diginomica logo are trademarks of diginomica Limited. © Diginomica Limited and its licensors 2013- 2024 Cookie settings Developed by BRAINSUM . Loading