Home | AAFP search close Make the Most of Your AAFP Membership Your AAFP membership includes a host of benefits including free and discounted education, access to the latest clinical recommendations, patient care resources, and much more. Make the Most of Your AAFP Membership Your AAFP membership includes a host of benefits including free and discounted education, access to the latest clinical recommendations, patient care resources, and much more. Log in to access the full breadth of your member benefits. New & Noteworthy Trending CME As a family physician, it's important that you're continually learning and growing your expertise to better serve your patients. We also understand that time is precious and can be hard to come by, which is why the AAFP has developed a full library of educational materials—designed specifically for family physicians. AAFP CME allows you to learn more about the topics important to you and your patients—when ever and from wherever is most convenient for you and your busy schedule. Browse trending CME now. AAFP + You You're committed to providing quality, cost-effective care. AAFP is committed to helping you make it happen. Not a member? No problem. Join the only association that specializes in family medicine—just like you. Upcoming Events August 1-3 | Kansas City National Conference 2024 is just around the corner. In celebration of our 50th year, registration is only $50 through May 16. Save BIG at NC. September 24-28 | Phoenix Join us at FMX ’24! Spread your wings and forge a new path for family medicine. Register today for FMX. Lifestyle Medicine Live Course March 18-20, 2024 | Newport Beach, CA Learn more about the course. Residency Leadership Summit March 25-27, 2024 | Kansas City, MO Register for the conference. AAFP Leadership Conference (ACLF/NCCL) April 17-20, 2024 | Kansas City, MO Register for the conference. Obesity CME For Family Physician Livestream April 18-20, 2024 | Livestream Register for the livestream. Family Medicine Update CME Livestream April 30-May 4, 2024 | Livestream Register for the livestream. Journals and Publications AAFP Affiliates and Partnerships The AAFP and its affiliate organizations work closely together to advance the specialty of family medicine. Copyright © 2024 American Academy of Family Physicians. All Rights Reserved.