Empowering Relationships - The Digital Reader Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home Blog About & Imprint 125 Mother and Son Quotes & 5 Tips on How to Use Them 130 Savage Quotes & 7 Tips on How to Use Them 128 Letting Go Quotes & 10 Tips to Let Go 87 Education Quotes & 7 Tips for Using Them 83 Gym Quotes & 10 Tips to Stay Motivated All Articles Thank You for the Birthday Wishes: 40 Quotes & 10 Texts 140+10 Positive Quotes for Every Occasion 115 Quotes about True Friendship + 4 Tips 70 fun birthday wishes & 15 longer messages All Articles Empowering Relationships. Since 2010. The Digital Reader helps you to develop a better relationship with yourself and enjoy yourself more – by gaining mindfulness, thinking positively, and improving your self-esteem. Besides we are enhancing your relationships with your loved ones by providing thoughtful birthday wishes, fitting conversion starters, and much more. How-To Articles Personal development Self Development Forgiveness Inspiration Time management Optimism Relaxation techniques Stress relief Meditation Creativity more Birthday Happy Birthday Birthday Wishes for Kids Birthday Invitations Happy Birthday Sister Belated Happy Birthday Short Birthday Wishes Funny Birthday Wishes Happy 60th Birthday Happy 40th Birthday more Wishes, Quotes & Messages Wedding Wishes Happiness Quotes Buddha Quotes Baptism Quotes Grandma Quotes Monday Motivation Happy Weekend Happy Sunday Get well soon more Our Content Network The Digital Reader (EN) – empowering Relationships Domestic Fits (EN) – better food, better life Tarteletteblog (EN) – more than desserts gesundfit (DE) – better living lernen.net (DE) – every day a bit better schreiben.net (DE) – the power of words trending (DE) – your best freelance life About us The Digital Reader is a property of 4pub GmbH, a global media outlet. We have specialized in the operation of high-quality editorial online portals and always report independently. After completion, every text is checked by (at least) one other editor for the correctness of spelling and content. Our highest goal is to provide information you can rely on. 2017-2022 4pub GmbH. Made with <3 in Cologne. Privacy Policy Imprint