Home - EECS at Berkeley Skip to Content Expand Main Menu Collapse Main Menu Search for: Search For Students For Faculty/Staff Industry News Events Give Search for: Search About About Expand Submenu About About Overview History Expand Submenu The First Women of EECS Joseph Thomas Gier Diversity Expand Submenu Hear From Women in EECS Broadening Participation in EECS Visiting By the Numbers Special Events Expand Submenu 2022-23 2020-21 2019-20 2018-19 2017-18 The Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences (EECS) at UC Berkeley offers one of the strongest research and instructional programs in this field anywhere in the world. Blog Academics Academics Expand Submenu Academics Academics Overview Undergraduate Admissions & Programs Expand Submenu CS Major EECS Major EECS/CS Program Comparison Chart Second Bachelor's Degree Summer Research Cal Day Graduate Admissions & Programs Expand Submenu Grad Admissions FAQ Industry-Oriented Programs Research-Oriented Programs Fellowships Adding the EECS/CS M.S. From Another Department Recommended Coursework For Current Students Expand Submenu ed | EECS 101 Courses Expand Submenu EE Courses CS Courses Unlike many institutions of similar stature, regular EE and CS faculty teach the vast majority of our courses, and the most exceptional teachers are often also the most exceptional researchers. View Courses Research Research Expand Submenu Research Research Overview Areas Centers & Labs Colloquium Expand Submenu Archive BEARS Symposium Expand Submenu Archive Technical Reports Ph.D. Dissertations Research is the foundation of Berkeley EECS. Faculty, students, and staff work together on cutting-edge projects that cross disciplinary boundaries to improve everyday life and make a difference. EECS Research People People Expand Submenu People People Overview Directory Leadership Faculty Expand Submenu In Memoriam Students Expand Submenu Student Awards Student Organizations Staff Expand Submenu Student Affairs Faculty Support Course Support Facilities and Engineering Services Financial Services HR IT Support Industrial & Public Relations Alumni Expand Submenu EE Distinguished Alumni CS Distinguished Alumni EECS faculty, students, staff, and alumni are central to our success as one of the most thriving and distinguished departments on the Berkeley campus. Latest News Connect Connect Expand Submenu Connect Connect Overview Support EECS Expand Submenu EECS Excellence Fund Memorial Funds K-12 Outreach Student Affairs Faculty Positions Staff Positions Contact Expand Submenu In an Emergency Consider reaching out for a conversation, attending a department seminar or conference, viewing a lecture on any one of our public channels, or supporting us via a gift to the university. You can help strengthen our dedication to education and outreach, solidify close ties to industry, and nourish a supportive and inclusive culture. Contact us Home 2021 Winter Design Showcase at UC Berkeley’s Jacobs Institute for Design Innovation in Berkeley, Calif. on Wednesday, Dec. 8, 2021. (Photo by Adam Lau/Berkeley Engineering) Berkeley EECS Welcome to the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at UC Berkeley. Our top-ranked programs attract stellar students and professors from around the world, who pioneer the frontiers of information science and technology with broad impact on society. Underlying our success are a strong tradition of collaboration, close ties to industry, and a supportive culture. Explore our vibrant and dynamic community through this website or in person. Learn More About EECS What's Happening Nika Haghtalab named Schmidt Sciences’ AI2050 Early Career Fellow Three EECS professors win IEEE SSCS Innovative Education Award Three EECS professors win prized Sloan Research Fellowships International House to honor Chenming Hu with Global Impact Award The ‘Accidental Activist’ Who Changed the Face of Mathematics Joseph Gier added to self-guided Black history tour of UC Berkeley CS Assistant Prof. Anca Dragan Academics We offer one of the most comprehensive research and instructional programs in this field anywhere in the world. Graduate Admissions and Programs Undergraduate Admissions and Programs Courses Learn More About Academics Photonic switch built with more than 50,000 microscopic “light switches” etched into a silicon wafer (photo: Kyungmok Kwon) Research The research developed here is part of a tradition of outstanding scholarship and visionary innovation. Areas Centers and Labs Technical Reports Learn More About Research People Our faculty, students, staff and alumni are central to our success as one of the most thriving and distinguished departments on the Berkeley campus. EECS Directory Faculty Students Alumni View More People Lists Upcoming Events Mar 5 BSAC Technology Seminar: Guidelines for Successfully Transferring MEMS Process Flows from University Labs to Commercial Foundries Tuesday March 5, 2024 12:00 PM – 1:00 PM 490 Cory Hall Mar 6 Understanding AI Wednesday March 6, 2024 9:30 AM Social Science Matrix conference room Mar 6 Complexity Theory and its Surprising Connections with Algorithms, Cryptography, and Quantum Physics Wednesday March 6, 2024 4:00 PM 306 Soda Hall Mar 7 Generative AI in the Cloud: Inside Microsoft AI innovation Thursday March 7, 2024 1:00 PM Banatao Auditorium, 310 Sutardja Dai Hall Berkeley, CA 94720 More Events Daewon Ha speaks on "Sustainable Future Semiconductor Industry by Innovative Technologies: Transforming Physical Challenges into Growth Opportunities," 12/13/23 EECS Joint Colloquium The weekly EECS Colloquium offers our faculty a chance to invite speakers offering a wide range of experiences covering topics in both Electrical Engineering and Computer Science to engage with the department. View Lectures The Joseph Thomas Gier Memorial Dedication Ceremony We invite you to recognize the profound contributions of Professor Joseph Thomas Gier to the University of California, the first tenured Black professor in the UC system. Sculptor Dana King unveiled a bronze statue in honor of Gier in the Blum Hall courtyard. Watch the Program Support the Gier Memorial Project A community is defined by the heroes it chooses to celebrate. We invite you to join the EECS department in recognizing a previously overlooked hero, Berkeley EE Prof. Joseph T. Gier, the University of California’s first tenured Black professor. Donate Now! About History Diversity Visiting Special Events People Directory Leadership Faculty Staff Students Alumni Connect Support Us K-12 Outreach Faculty Positions Staff Positions Contact Academics Undergrad Admissions & Programs Graduate Admissions & Programs Courses Prospective Women Students Current Students Resources Room Reservations My EECS Info For Students For Grads For Undergrads For ASEs IT Services Facilities/Safety For Faculty/Staff Visiting Scholars Research Areas Centers & Labs Technical Reports PhD Dissertations Joint Colloquium BEARS Symposium Industry Recruit Students Corporate Access Learn more about the Campaign for Berkeley and Graduate Fellowships. Give to EECS Berkeley EECS on Twitter Berkeley EECS on Instagram Berkeley EECS on LinkedIn Berkeley EECS on YouTube EE CS UC Berkeley Berkeley Engineering CDSS Accessibility Nondiscrimination Privacy Contact © 2024 UC Regents View Open Faculty Positions