American Heart Association | To be a relentless force for a world of longer, healthier lives Skip to main content Heart Attack and Stroke Symptoms Volunteer Learn CPR SHOP DONATE ONCE DONATE MONTHLY Donate Now Search Search Healthy Living Health Topics Professionals Get Involved Ways to Give About Us CPR In Your Community Volunteer Learn CPR SHOP Heart Attack and Stroke Symptoms American Heart Association Help save lives this Nutrition Month Your support helps fund healthy eating programs, advance scientific research breakthroughs, promote access to care and more. Donate Once Donate Monthly Healthy Eating Healthy Living Heart Disease in Women Support Network Heart and Stroke News March is Women’s History Month For most of the 20th century, heart disease was considered a man's disease. While research over the past several decades has shown it to be as big a threat – if not bigger – to women, prevention, diagnostic and treatment gaps remain. The evolution of women’s heart health Sleep Your Way to Whole Body Health Catching ZZZs could be the key to unlocking a healthier you. Amount and quality of sleep can influence your eating habits, mood, memory, internal organs and more. March is National Sleep Awareness Month. Get tips for better sleep and health Scientific Sessions OnDemand™ Catch up on what you missed at Scientific Sessions 2023. Access the latest cardiovascular and brain health science, claim CE and find the educational content you need with 300+ sessions. Upgrade or purchase today The AHA Turns 100 For 100 years, the American Heart Association, along with our volunteers, supporters and collaborating organizations, has worked to build longer, healthier lives. And there’s no letting up in the next 100 years as we remain devoted to a future of health and hope for everyone, everywhere. Learn more about our century of progress Explore 100 years of impact Join 100 Ways In 100 Days To celebrate our 100-year anniversary, we have a gift for you! Join our FREE, exclusive program to get an email each week for the next 100 days providing you with valuable health tips on eating better, moving more, and improving overall wellbeing. Make 2024 your best year yet! Register now Spring into Healthier Eating Spring is in the air. Whether you're snacking on-the-go or cooking dinner for the family, there's a heart-healthy recipe to pair with a sunny afternoon on the patio or a rainy evening at home. Try this Strawberry Orange Smoothie Browse all recipes AHA Cookbooks News and Stories Helpful information about your health Read more from AHA News Mar 4, 2024 / By Laura Williamson, American Heart Association News Dr. Nanette Wenger, the queen of hearts Dr. Nanette Wenger, the queen of hearts Mar 4, 2024 Noticias en español sobre la salud de su corazón y cerebro Inspiring stories and helpful information from Around the AHA On a busy highway, strangers stopped her car and saved her life Can people with an irregular heartbeat drink coffee? Tips for reducing screen time (and why that might be a good idea) An EMT's heart stopped during a 10K race. A cop saved him with CPR. At 97, AHA's first Black president looks back at his pioneering career AI shows promise but remains limited for heart and stroke care Marijuana use linked to higher risk of heart attack and stroke Your Support Helps Save Lives There are so many ways to give. Make a gift in a way that is meaningful for you. Discover all the ways to give Join us for a Heart Walk in your area Heart Walk is the American Heart Association's premiere event for raising funds to help save lives from heart disease and stroke. Find a walk near you Our mission is to be a relentless force for a world of longer, healthier lives. As we move into the second century of our work, we are advancing health and hope for everyone, everywhere. *All health/medical information on this website has been reviewed and approved by the American Heart Association, based on scientific research and American Heart Association guidelines. Find more information on our content editorial process. Contact Us National Center 7272 Greenville Ave. Dallas, TX 75231 Customer Service 1-800-AHA-USA-1 1-800-242-8721 Contact Us Hours Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. CT Saturday: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. CT Closed on Sundays Tax Identification Number 13-5613797 About Us About Us About the AHA/ASA Our Impact Annual Report AHA Financial Information International Programs Latest Heart and Stroke News AHA/ASA Media Newsroom Careers Get Involved Get Involved Donate Now Make a Memorial Gift Ways to Give Advocate Volunteer Go Red For Women ShopHeart ShopCPR Our Sites Our Sites American Heart Association American Stroke Association CPR & ECC Professional Heart Daily More Sites AHA Careers Privacy Policy Medical Advice Disclaimer Copyright Policy Accessibility Statement Ethics Policy Conflict of Interest Policy Linking Policy Whistleblower Policy Content Editorial Guidelines Diversity Suppliers & Providers State Fundraising Notices Cookie Settings ©2024 American Heart Association, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited. The American Heart Association is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. *Red Dress ™ DHHS, Go Red ™ AHA ; National Wear Red Day® is a registered trademark. × This link is provided for convenience only and is not an endorsement of either the linked-to entity or any product or service. Proceed