Google Wallet - Your Fast and Secure Digital Wallet Jump to content FAQs For Developers Download FAQs For Developers Download Download For Developers FAQs Payments Section titled payments Travel Section titled travel Loyalty Section titled loyalty Tickets Section titled tickets Security Section titled security Download It’s not a wallet.It’s Google Wallet. Keep everything protected in one place, no matter where you go with the new Google Wallet. Access essentials like your payments cards, loyalty cards, concert tickets, and more - all from your Android phone. Payments A faster, safer, easier way to pay. When you add your payment cards to Google Wallet, you can tap to pay anywhere Google Pay is accepted. And know your personal payment details are kept safe and secure. Learn about Google Pay Travel & transit Get around town with your phone Carry metro cards, plane tickets and bus passes all on your phone. Keep up with changes to departure times with information pulled from Google Search and load your transit card balance directly in Google Maps. That way you’ll know when your funds are running low before it’s too late. See the right pass at the right time Skip the line or ticket booth Get updates from Google Wallet if your departure info changes loyalty Never lose a loyalty card again Add your loyalty and gift cards to Google Wallet, and you'll never miss a chance to save. Google Wallet saves all of your cards in one place, so you can save a little with every latte. TICKETS Now your phone is your ticket to the stadium theater concert theme park Carry everything you need to see a show or cheer on your favorite team. Google Wallet will even surface your ticket on the day of the event, so you won't miss the opening act or first quarter. Security With Google Wallet, you’re in control of your data Protect your personal information wherever you go and your money wherever you pay. Google Wallet gives you advanced security and easy-to-use privacy controls so you and your information stay safe every day. Android offers 2-step verification, Find My Phone, and remote data erase Tap to pay uses encrypted payment codes to hide your real card number Google lets you choose the info you share between products for a tailored experience It’s not a wallet.It’s Google Wallet. Download Only available on Android Scan to get the app Follow us For developers Google Wallet for developers Learn more Blog Security FAQs About Google Google products Privacy Terms Cookies management controls Help English (Global) Deutsch (Deutschland) English (United States) English (Canada) English (Singapore) English (United Kingdom) español (España) español (México) español (Estados Unidos) français (France) italiano (Italia) עברית (ישראל) 日本語 (日本) Nederlands (Nederland) polski (Polska) português (Brasil) українська (Україна) 中文 (台灣)