Explore Offline Wikipedia and Educational Content with Kiwix- Kiwix 1 2 3 About Us Our Story Team Annual Report Blog Get Involved Donate Volunteer Partner With Us Downloads All Apps WiFi Hotspot Library FAQ Contact Us Support Us Support Us Internet Content Without Internet Access Store any website on your mobile phone or computer, easily. Download Kiwix Donate play close Our Mission Our Mission At Kiwix, we believe that access to knowledge is a fundamental human right. That’s why we’re dedicated to providing free and open access to knowledge for everyone, everywhere. About Us Offline access makes a difference 10000000 Users 212 Countries and Territories 100 Number Of Languages Supported 6 Awards and recognition Our Features Browse offline Download key websites and access them even when the internet is down. Accessible On Multiple Devices Works on all computers, cell phones and even servers. No ads, no personal data collection And our code is fully open-source. Our Partners We’re grateful for the support of our partners and sponsors who share our vision of providing free and open access to knowledge. Together, we’re working to make the world a better place. See More Get Involved Help us make a difference. Donate Kiwix is not for profit, free for everyone and relies on your donations to succeed. Help We are always looking for help. Coders, but also testers or translators. Join us! Partner With Us Your organisation needs helps with large-scale deployment or making new content available offline? Contact us. Blog/Articles Stay up-to-date with our latest news and events. 60,000 public domain books can fit on a flashdrive There are still parts of the world where access to the global internet is limited. Rural parts of world from Alaska to Africa to Asia have bandwidth to that is unevenly distributed. Governments regularly cut off website and apps access to their residents, with education often a collateral damage. There is and will always be...read… Read More Read More French Prisons Use Wikipedia to Change Inmates’ Future Next time you hear someone say prison is just about punishment, you can set them straight. Read More Read More 2024 Google Summer of Code – what to expect, what to do Are you a Computer Science student? Are you looking for a Summer internship? Are you ready to embark on an adventure in open source development? The Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2024 is just around the corner, offering you the chance to collaborate with top organizations on innovative projects (not just us, not just ours). If...read… Read More Read More View More Kiwix is an offline reader for online content like Wikipedia, Project Gutenberg, or TED Talks. It makes knowledge available to people with no or limited internet access. The software as well as the content is free to use for anyone. Support Us About Us Our Story Team Annual Report Blog Get Involved Donate Volunteer Partner With Us Downloads All Apps WiFi Hotspot Library FAQ Contact Us CC-BY-SA Kiwix Association Imprint Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Credits back to top Please leave this field empty Is new content available for download? Email Address * Every three months or so we send everyone a list of new additions to the offline catalogue. Awesome! Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.