Kiplinger | Personal Finance News, Investing Advice, Business Forecasts kiplinger Kiplinger Save up to 74% Subscribe to Kiplinger × Search Retirement Retirement Retirement Retirement Annuities Estate Planning Retirement Plans Social Security Medicare Investing Investing Investing Investing Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Bonds Wealth Management Taxes Taxes Taxes Taxes Tax Returns Tax Deductions Capital Gains Taxes State Taxes Tax Planning Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance Savings Insurance Banking Credit Cards Shopping and Deals Money-saving Life Life Life Life Places to Live Real Estate Travel Careers Politics Business Advisor Collective More Building Wealth Kiplinger Economic Forecasts My Kip Store Manage my e-newsletters My subscriptions Subscribe Kiplinger Personal Finance The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger Investing for Income Kiplinger Retirement Report Kiplinger Retirement Planning Newsletter sign up Newsletter TrendingIRA Changes to Know Now Tax Season is HereDisney on a BudgetFive Stages of Retirement (And How to Skip Three)Top S&P 500 stocks How To Spring Clean Your Portfolio Regular purges of closets help us clear out what's not working, and the same should be done for our investments. Here's how to spring clean your portfolio. Three Habits of My Most Successful Wealth Management Clients The Kiplinger 25: Our Favorite No-Load Mutual Funds The Kiplinger 25 10 Cheapest Small Towns to Live In real estate Types of Income the IRS Doesn't Tax Income Tax President Signs Stopgap Bill To Prevent Government Shutdown Have Your Say in the Kiplinger Readers' Choice Awards 2024 Kiplinger Readers' Choice Awards Get Kiplinger Today newsletter — freeProfit and prosper with the best of Kiplinger's advice on investing, taxes, retirement, personal finance and much more. Delivered daily. Enter your email in the box and click Sign Me Up.Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Investing To Avoid Probate, Use Trusts for Estate Planning How revocable and irrevocable trusts ensure assets go to beneficiaries without them having to endure the long, expensive and public process of probate. retirement Five Things to Notice in Your Lawyer’s Bill Two experts break down how to look closely at your lawyer’s bill and make sure the fees are reasonable. (If not, you have the right to request a discount!) By H. Dennis Beaver, Esq. Published 5 March 24 personal finance Stock Market Today: Stocks Struggle To Gain Traction Around Record Highs Markets took a breather ahead of a busy week with big implications for rate cuts. By Dan Burrows Published 4 March 24 stocks Pricey Super Micro Computer Stock Pops on S&P 500 Inclusion Super Micro stock vaulted on being tapped for the benchmark index, but is Deckers Outdoor the better buy? By Dan Burrows Published 4 March 24 investing VIEW MORE Personal Finance Class-Action Suit Says You’re Overpaying for Apple iCloud Storage If you think you’re one of the millions possibly affected, you can file a form to find out more about the proposed Apple iCloud suit. personal finance Five Things to Notice in Your Lawyer’s Bill Two experts break down how to look closely at your lawyer’s bill and make sure the fees are reasonable. (If not, you have the right to request a discount!) By H. Dennis Beaver, Esq. Published 5 March 24 personal finance Walt Disney World To Boost Ticket Prices in 2025 Most tickets to Disney's Florida theme park will cost you $5 to $10 more next year. By Joey Solitro Published 4 March 24 spending Get A Sam's Club Membership For Up to $40 Off From now until May 1, you can save big on a Sam's Club membership. By Erin Bendig Published 4 March 24 Deals VIEW MORE Meet Kiplinger's Experts Alexandra Svokos Senior Digital Editor Karee Venema Senior Investing Editor Dan Burrows Senior Investing Writer Kelley R. Taylor Senior Tax Editor Ellen Kennedy Personal Finance Editor Alexandra Twin Senior Personal Finance Editor Erin Bendig Personal Finance Writer Ben Demers Audience Engagement Manager Taxes To Avoid Probate, Use Trusts for Estate Planning How revocable and irrevocable trusts ensure assets go to beneficiaries without them having to endure the long, expensive and public process of probate. retirement 7 Overlooked Tax Deductions for the Self-Employed Tax Breaks If you've recently gone into business for yourself, don't miss these sometimes overlooked credits and tax deductions for the self-employed. By Kevin McCormally Last updated 4 March 24 taxes The Clock Is Ticking on Tax Cuts: Act Now to Avoid Missing Out Estate and gift tax exemptions are at an all-time high until the end of 2025. That may seem like a long way off, but setting things up could take longer than expected. By Christopher F. Tate, J.D. Published 4 March 24 taxes Tax Benefits of Hiring Your Kids Plus IRS Rules to Follow Tax Breaks Hiring your child can potentially lower your tax bill and help kids develop skills, but there are some rules you need to know — and follow. By Kelley R. Taylor Last updated 2 March 24 taxes VIEW MORE Kiplinger Advisor Collective Looking for the Right Tax Professional for You? Seven Factors to Consider The right professional will help you more than just once a year. How Artificial Intelligence Can Help Lease Accounting AI will play an important role in successfully implementing the ASC 842 lease accounting standard. By Amrita Choudhary Published 26 February 24 Nine Steps You Can Take Right Now to Build a More Financially Stable Future Taking even just one of these steps can set you on a better path toward financial success. By Kiplinger Advisor Collective Published 22 February 24 Six Ways to Ensure Your Business Is Ready Come Tax Time Proper preparation throughout the year will keep you from getting caught off guard when payments are due. By Kiplinger Advisor Collective Published 14 February 24 VIEW ALL FROM THE KIPLINGER ADVISOR COLLECTIVE Retirement How to Overcome Retirement Obstacles Wondering how to overcome retirement obstacles? While the journey may bring setbacks, with careful planning, you can surmount them. Retirement-planning To Avoid Probate, Use Trusts for Estate Planning How revocable and irrevocable trusts ensure assets go to beneficiaries without them having to endure the long, expensive and public process of probate. By Rustin Diehl, JD, LLM Published 5 March 24 retirement Medicare Advantage: You Can Now Use Your Supplemental Benefits Online at Walgreens The deal makes 1,700 eligible products online available, along with delivery in about an hour. Here’s what you need to know. By Joey Solitro Last updated 4 March 24 Medicare The Clock Is Ticking on Tax Cuts: Act Now to Avoid Missing Out Estate and gift tax exemptions are at an all-time high until the end of 2025. That may seem like a long way off, but setting things up could take longer than expected. By Christopher F. Tate, J.D. Published 4 March 24 taxes VIEW MORE Economic Forecasts Kiplinger Housing Outlook: Multifamily Construction Starts the Year on Weak Footing Economic Forecasts Limited inventory in the single-family market continues to frustrate buyers. Economic Forecasts A Spotlight on the Mountain States: The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Letter Most Mountain states are seeing good job growth in multiple sectors from healthcare, energy, and semiconductor production to farming and government. By David Payne Published 29 February 24 The Kiplinger Letter H-1B Work Visa Rules Get a Revamp The Kiplinger Letter H-1B visas allow employers to hire high-skilled foreign workers. Regulators have finalized new rules for this visa program following last fall's proposal. By Matthew Housiaux Published 29 February 24 The Kiplinger Letter When's the Best Time to Buy a Domestic Flight? The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Letter A new study by CheapAir.com has crunched the numbers. By Sean Lengell Published 24 February 24 The Kiplinger Letter kiplinger About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise with us Kiplinger is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.