Clean Clothes Campaign Clean Clothes Campaign WHO WE ARE WHAT WE DO NEWS CAMPAIGNS GET INVOLVED BLOG Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Search Submit Search Menu Amplifying worker voices in the garment and sportswear industry Support our work Donate A little bit more about us Podcast Listen to workers, union leaders and campaigners talk about fashions urgent issues. Listen to our podcast Resources Read the latest reports, position papers and research from our network. Check out our resources Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter "Threads" to stay updated on calls to action. Sign up for Threads Latest News Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence: Member States chose to protect corporate profits and fail workers and human rights Today the Council of the European Union struck a blow to corporate accountability and workers’ rights in the garment and footwear industry by failing to endorse a deal it had made with the European Parliament and the Commission on landmark legislation to protect human rights and the environment from corporate abuse. → Bleaching chemicals used on jeans have devastating effects on workers and environment A new report published today by Clean Clothes Campaign Turkey reveals the harmful effects of potassium permanganate (PP) bleaching of jeans on worker health and the environment. The report, which covers 44 brands, focuses on the impact of PP chemical use on worker health and environmental pollution in the Ergene Basin, which is now unsuitable for agricultural purposes. → Victory for newly unionised garment workers in Nike factory, Sri Lanka After months of struggle and uncertainty, 18 workers of a Nike sock factory in Sri Lanka, who were suspended for forming a branch union, are now back at their jobs with the branch union in place. This victory shows that union busting has no place in garment supply chains and that workers standing together and international solidarity can make a real difference. → Union activists in Bangladesh beaten and threatened for exercising their right to organise Last week, on 15 February 2024, union organisers and activists of the Akota Garment Worker Federation (AGWF) in Bangladesh were beaten, threatened, and subsequently hospitalised. The attack followed an attempt by workers of the Libas Textiles factory in Gazipur, to establish a factory union that would join the AGWF. → View all news Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn About CCC How we work Global Network Annual reports Donate Work with us Press centre Press releases Resources Contact What we work on Living wages Safe workplaces Fair contracts Direct solidarity The Covid crisis Gender equality Binding agreements Right to organise Transparent supply chains Climate Change