QR code generator - free | Make Custom QR Codes for link, image or PDF file - ME-QR Why Me-QR? Product Features Where To Use Knowledge Base Blog Instructions QR Scanner Pricing FAQ Support Create QR Code URL / Link PDF Image App Markets Text Maps Wi-Fi Audio WhatsApp YouTube Login EN English Español Português Русский Bahasa Melayu Tiếng Việt Français Deutsch عرب bahasa Indonesia ไทย 한국인 日本 Nederlands Italiano Svenska Українська 中国人 עִברִית Create QR Code Profile My QR-Codes Statistic Profile Settings Support Why Me-QR Features Where To Use Blog Instructions QR Scanner Pricing FAQ Support Language English Español Português Русский Bahasa Melayu Tiếng Việt Français Deutsch عرب bahasa Indonesia ไทย 한국인 日本 Nederlands Italiano Svenska Українська 中国人 עִברִית Log in Create & Customize Your Dynamic QR code for FREE Easily generate, manage and statistically track your QR codes URL / Link PDF Image Text Audio Play Market / App Store Wi-Fi View More Types Create QR Code in 3 Steps Step 1 Choose the type Step 2 Generate QR code Step 3 Customize & download Trusted by Your Favorite Companies Trusted by more than 100+ companies and 900 000+ customers all over the world Explore Our Extensive Collection of Frames Make your QR codes stand out with our extensive collection of free frames. With 1000+ options, including holiday and special occasion themes, you're sure to find the perfect match. Generate QR Now Create QR for specified types Generate QR Codes for 40+ specific content types with ease URL PDF Image App Markets Text Maps Wi-Fi Audio WhatsApp YouTube Instagram Facebook Telegram vCard E-mail List of Links PPTX Phone Call Custom URL TikTok Video File Forms PCR X (Twitter) Snapchat Spotify Google Doc Review Sheets Payment Sms Logotype Office 365 Shaped PayPal Etsy PNG LinkedIn Crypto Pay Calendar Social Media Reddit Menu File Tickets More Types Explore Our Amazing Features QR Code Unlimited creation Create unlimited amount of QR codes, no limits +40 Different Types of QR Code Read More Dynamic QR Codes Change QR Code content whenever you need Read More QR Code Application QR Code Free Creation Create a QR code for free without any restrictions Unlimited Scans QR Code Design Saving high res codes Read More Trackable Scanning Notifications Saving high res codes Unlimited Scans Trackable Scanning Notifications QR Code Design Wide range of tools to customise QR codes QR Code Samples Use templates for fast QR сode creation Read More Expiration Management QR will disappear after it expires QR Code Analytics Comprehensive statistics of QR Read More Bulk QR Creation Create & manage your QR in bulks View More Features Create QR code Be unique with Create your own individual QR-Code with professional designers of ME-QR Team Get Started Upgrade Your Tickets with QR Code for Easy Check-in ME-Ticket is a platform for selling venue tickets. Create an event, generate tickets with QR codes and enjoy sell-outs. Create Event Generate QR for Ticket QR code. Where to use? QR Code on Product QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the physical and digital worlds. From marketing to information dissemination, they offer a versatile way to interact with consumers and provide them with a seamless experience. Read More QR Code for Food In today's digital age, technology has transformed various aspects of our lives, including the way we interact with food. One of the innovative tools making its mark in the food industry is the QR code. Read More QR Code Sticker Maker QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the gap between the physical and online worlds. As businesses and individuals seek innovative ways to enhance engagement and connectivity, the use of custom QR code stickers has gained significant popularity. Read More QR Code on Product QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the physical and digital worlds. From marketing to information dissemination, they offer a versatile way to interact with consumers and provide them with a seamless experience. Read More QR Code for Food In today's digital age, technology has transformed various aspects of our lives, including the way we interact with food. One of the innovative tools making its mark in the food industry is the QR code. Read More QR Code Sticker Maker QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the gap between the physical and online worlds. As businesses and individuals seek innovative ways to enhance engagement and connectivity, the use of custom QR code stickers has gained significant popularity. Read More Millions Globally Trust our QR Code Tech Our QR Code solution is powering millions of QR Code Scans around the globe 34 130 192 QR Codes 604 137 066 Scans 919 237 Users Get Started! QR Codes for Culture: Comprehensive free Package of Design Services Get Custom QR Codes and Description Pages Created by ME-QR Professional Team Get Started! Pick the Best Plan for You You have free unlimited updates and premium support on each package. Yearly Monthly USD BRL EUR GBP IDR INR SAR THB VND UAH Free $0 / Month Forever Free Created QR Codes 10 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 1 API Integration File Storage 100 Mb Advertising All QR Codes with Ads Get Free Lite / Month Billed Monthly Created QR Codes 100 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 3 API Integration File Storage 100 Mb Advertising 1 QR Code Ads-free Get Premium / Month Billed Monthly Created QR Codes 1 000 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 3 API Integration File Storage 500 Mb Advertising All QR Codes Ads-free Get Free $0 / Month Forever Free Created QR Codes 10 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 1 API Integration File Storage 100 Mb Advertising All QR Codes with Ads Get Free Lite / Month You save / year Billed Yearly Created QR Codes 100 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 3 API Integration File Storage 100 Mb Advertising 1 QR Code Ads-free Upgrade Premium / Month You save / year Billed Yearly Created QR Codes 1 000 000 Scanning QR codes Unlimited Life time of QR Codes Unlimited Trackable QR Codes Unlimited Multi-User Access Unlimited Folders Unlimited Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) 3 API Integration File Storage 500 Mb Advertising All QR Codes Ads-free Upgrade Plans Benefits You save up to 45% on Yearly Plan Created QR Codes Scanning QR codes Life time of QR Codes Trackable QR Codes Multi-User Access Folders Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) API Integration File Storage Advertising Free $0 / Month Forever Free 10 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 1 100 MB All QR Codes with Ads Get Free Lite / Month Billed Monthly 100 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 3 100 MB 1 QR Code Ads-free Upgrade Premium / Month Billed Monthly 1 000 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 3 500 MB All QR Codes Ads-free Upgrade Plans Benefits You save up to 45% on Yearly Plan Created QR Codes Scanning QR codes Life time of QR Codes Trackable QR Codes Multi-User Access Folders Different QR Code Types QR Codes Samples Analytics Analytics History (in years) API Integration File Storage Advertising Free $0 / Month Forever Free 10 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 1 100 MB All QR Codes with Ads Get Free Lite / Month You save / year 100 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 3 100 MB 1 QR Code Ads-free Upgrade Premium / Month You save / year 1 000 000 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 3 500 MB All QR Codes Ads-free Upgrade Frequently Asked Questions Is QR code free? Service absolutely free, but after a scan, we will show advertisements (Google Ads). To remove advertisements and get more statistics, you can buy our premium account. You can see our prices on the Pricing page When will QR code expire? In free and premium versions QR codes have no expiration time How can I create a QR code for the restaurant menu? We have a digital menu constructor. You can create a QR for the menu here. All you need is a PDF file with your menu. Then choose an image and social buttons, upload the menu and generate a QR code Could I change the link in my created QR without registration? If you want to change the link in your QR you need to sign up on our site Show All Become An ME-QR Partner Earn by Refer a Friends to Join ME-QR Premium ME-QR will accrue money to users who brought customers to our website who bought the Premium tariff. Join Now news QR code Sticker Maker In today's digital age, QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the ... QR Code on Product In today's digital age, QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the ... Qr Code on Food Packaging In today's digital age, technology has transformed various aspects of our lives, ... QR Code Brochure In the modern era of marketing, where technology intersects with creativity, QR ... QR Code on Flyer In today's digital age, marketing strategies are evolving at a rapid pace, and b ... How to check the authenticity of documents using i ... Learn how QR technology helps verify the validity of official documents QR code Sticker Maker In today's digital age, QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the gap between the physical and online worlds. As businesses and individuals seek innovative ways to enhance engagement and connectivity, the use of custom QR code stickers has gained significant popularity. QR Code on Product In today's digital age, QR codes have emerged as powerful tools for bridging the physical and digital worlds. From marketing to information dissemination, they offer a versatile way to interact with consumers and provide them with a seamless experience. Qr Code on Food Packaging In today's digital age, technology has transformed various aspects of our lives, including the way we interact with food. One of the innovative tools making its mark in the food industry is the QR code. QR Code Brochure In the modern era of marketing, where technology intersects with creativity, QR codes have emerged as versatile tools that can transform traditional brochures into interactive and engaging experiences. QR Code on Flyer In today's digital age, marketing strategies are evolving at a rapid pace, and businesses are constantly seeking innovative ways to captivate their audience. One such creative approach that has gained significant traction is incorporating QR codes into flyers. How to check the authenticity of documents ... Learn how QR technology helps verify the validity of official documents Try Our Free QR Code Scanner Experience the benefits of our service now ME-QR generator is universal app for generating and scanning QR codes. QR Code Scanner is a handy application for scanning a QR code with a smartphone. Try Our Free QR code Scanner Experience the benefits of our service now ME-QR generator is universal app for generating and scanning QR codes. QR Code Scanner is a handy application for scanning a QR code with a smartphone. Download ME-QR App Install Create codes with our free QR generator of codes. Comprehensible interface, variety in choosing the type of your QR-code, the ability to view statistics! Download Our App Now it’s simple and easy to create and scan QR Codes! Product Benefits Where To Use API Affiliate Program Information Payment & Content Pricing GDPR TrustPilot Reviews Legal About Us Account & Payment Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Support FAQ Instructions Blog Help Center Our Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our latest news and special offers. Subscribe Create codes with our free QR generator of codes. Comprehensible interface, variety in choosing the type of your QR-code, the ability to view statistics! Product Benefits Where To Use API Affiliate Program Information Payment & Content Pricing GDPR TrustPilot Reviews Legal About Us Account & Payment Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Support FAQ Instructions Blog Help Center Our Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our latest news and special offers. Subscribe Download Our App Now it’s simple and easy to create and scan QR Codes! Copyright © 2018-2024 Me-Team