Oregon Historical Society Close Explore The Oregon Historical Society Family of Websites Oregon Historical Society Library Online Catalog OHS Digital Collections Oregon History Project Oregon Encyclopedia Oregon History Wayfinder Explore Oregon History Menu Close Events Upcoming Events Past Programs Museum Research & Library Education The Quarterly About Us Blog Join Shop Donate Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Welcome to the Oregon Historical Society Search for exhibits, events, library and more … Protecting Our State's Cultural Legacy History shapes people’s understanding of who they are as individuals and as members of a civilization. The Oregon Historical Society is a scholarly asset and a public resource dedicated to putting the power of history into everyone’s hands and to advancing knowledge in all corners of the world. Learn More ExhibitsView All Models in Motion: The Ivan L. Collins Collection of Historic Vehicles in Miniature Ivan Collins’s models of historical horse-drawn vehicles authentically capture every detail to preserve history for future generations. This exhibition showcases 60 wagons that Collins made during his lifetime. January 26 – September 1, 2024 Learn More ExhibitsView All The Mazamas: For the Love of Mountains This exhibition celebrates the history and community the Mazamas, an outdoor education, recreation, and conservation nonprofit, has cultivated since its inaugural climb of Mount Hood in 1894. November 8, 2023 – March 24, 2024 Learn More ExhibitsView All Birds of the Pacific Coast: The Illustrations of R. Bruce Horsfall Combining his love of nature and art, R. Bruce Horsfall created detailed illustrated depictions of birds for “Birds of the Pacific Coast” written by Willard Ayres Eliot. One hundred years after the original printing, OHS is proud to display September 21, 2023 – May 19, 2024 Learn More ExhibitsView All Camp Namanu, A 100 Year Journey Toward Inclusion Camp Namanu’s 100-year transformation from a legacy of cultural appropriation to a commitment to shaping a brighter, more equitable future is highlighted in this original exhibit. February 16 – June 9, 2024 Learn More ExhibitsView All Migrant Labor Families in the 1960s: Portraits from the Valley Migrant League Photographs Experiences of migrant labor families working in the Willamette Valley during the 1960s are documented in this photographic exhibit. Captured by volunteers and staff for the Valley Migrant League’s newspaper, “Opportunity News,” the images... January 29 – December 31, 2024 Learn More Make a gift to preserve Oregon’s history EventsView All Liz Cheney Liz Cheney served as the U.S. representative for Wyoming’s at-large congressional district (2017– 2023),... Tuesday, March 5, 2024 7PM – 8:30PM Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall Learn More EventsView All We Go Up: A History of Mountaineering and the Mazamas This glass lantern slide show will speak on the history of Mazamas, mountaineering, and outdoor... Sunday, March 10, 2024 3PM – 5PM Oregon Historical Society Learn More EventsView All Portland’s Audacious Champion: How Bill Naito Overcame Anti-Japanese Hate and Became an Intrepid Civic Leader Bill Naito was the Portland-born son of Japanese immigrants who became one of the city’s most significant Wednesday, March 13, 2024 6PM – 8PM Oregon Historical Society Learn More EventsView All 2024 Hatfield Educator Book Club Apply to join us for an educator book club to read Ned Blackhawk’s “The Rediscovery of America” and... Wednesday, March 20, 2024 4PM – 5PM Apply Here Apply Now EventsView All Ned Blackhawk Ned Blackhawk (Western Shoshone) is a professor of history and American Studies at Yale. In “The... Tuesday, April 2, 2024 7PM – 8:30PM Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall Learn More Oregon Historical Quarterly The Journal of Record for Oregon History The Oregon Historical Quarterly publishes well-researched, well-written history about Oregon and the Pacific Northwest and is enjoyed by scholars and general readers. Learn More Learn More Library Research and Library The Oregon Historical Society’s research library is an invaluable resource for learning about the past and providing context on the present. Visitors can enjoy broad access to the world’s largest collection of Oregon-related materials, both in the library’s newly renovated... Learn More Explore our library collections Digital History Digital History Projects The Oregon Historical Society’s Digital History Projects provide authoritative and comprehensive resources on Oregon’s history and culture. Visit OHS’s four digital history websites to browse encyclopedia entries, interactive maps and timelines, and materials from OHS’s... Digital History Projects Learn More From the OHS Blog Documenting “Roosevelt’s Tree Army”: Civilian Conservation Corps, Eugene District Photo Album The Eugene District of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) employed some of the thousands of men who... Learn More Series and individual lecture tickets on sale now! Mark O. Hatfield Lecture Series For over twenty-five years, the Oregon Historical Society’s Mark O. Hatfield Lecture Series has hosted... Tuesday, February 6 – Tuesday, May 7, 2024 7PM – 8:30PM Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall Learn More Join now and receive access and benefits Explore More Oregon History The OregonEncyclopedia More Information OHS Digital Collections More Information The Oregon History Project More Information Experience Oregon History The Oregon Historical Society is dedicated to making Oregon's long, rich history visible and accessible to all. For more than a century, the Oregon Historical Society has served as the state's collective memory, preserving a vast collection of artifacts, photographs, maps, manuscript materials, books, films, and oral histories. Our research library, museum, digital platform, educational programming, and historical journal make Oregon's history open and accessible to all. We exist because history is powerful, and because a history as deep and rich as Oregon's cannot be contained within a single story or point of view. Contact Us Oregon Historical Society 1200 SW Park Ave Portland, OR 97205 (503) 222-1741 orhist@ohs.org Staff Directory Support OHS The Oregon Historical Society is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Federal Tax ID 93-0391599. Donate Now Become A Member Planned Giving Donate to Collections Volunteer Opportunities Employment Our Hours Museum: Monday – Saturday: 10am – 5pm Sunday: Noon – 5pm Plan Your Visit Library: Tuesday: 1pm – 5pm Wednesday – Saturday: 10am – 5pm Learn More Resources Affiliates and Partners Venue Rental Research Help Newsletter Want to keep up with the latest news from The Oregon Historical Society? Sign up to receive our newsletter! Enter your email Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Contact OHS Privacy Policy © Copyright 2015 - 2024 Oregon Historical Society