Home | Science Museum Skip to main content vimeo twitter search search-white linkedin instagram googleplus facebook cross cross-thin video-play audio-play video-pause arrow-accordion-down-white arrow-form-select arrow-accordion-down arrow-bold-right arrow-thin-right comment-bubble quote-mark twitter-alt googleplus-alt facebook-alt View more details on collections site Javascript is disabled Support us Shop Visit See and do Objects and stories Learning Menu Toggle Search Bar Site search Submit Visit Visit Food and drink Accessibility Group trips See and do Objects and stories Learning Learning Formal education groups Other Groups Home Educators Before you book FAQs for groups Getting ready for your visit Learning resources Teachers CPD and events Researchers Researchers Dana Research Centre and Library Dana Research Centre and Library Digital library Ordering library materials Research Events Library and Archives at the National Collections Centre Science Museum Group Journal About us About us Press office Venue hire Jobs Volunteering Contact us Support us Shop Wonderlab+ Blog Newsletter Free entry Open daily, 10.00–18.00 Science Museum Exhibition Road London SW7 2DD View on Google Maps Book your free admission ticket now to visit the museum. Schools and groups can book free tickets here. Visit Visit Food and drink Accessibility Group trips See and do Objects and stories Learning Learning Formal education groups Other Groups Home Educators Before you book FAQs for groups Getting ready for your visit Learning resources Teachers CPD and events Researchers Researchers Dana Research Centre and Library Dana Research Centre and Library Digital library Ordering library materials Research Events Library and Archives at the National Collections Centre Science Museum Group Journal About us About us Press office Venue hire Jobs Volunteering Contact us Support us Shop Wonderlab+ Blog Newsletter Site search Submit Home Turn it Up: The Power of Music Explore how music shapes our lives in this landmark interactive exhibition—now open Book now Museum Overview About Us Exhibition Road South Kensington London SW7 2DD View on Google Maps Our Location Discover award-winning exhibitions, iconic objects and stories of incredible scientific achievement Find out more Our Exhibitions Open daily, 10.00–18.00 Find out more Opening Times Entry to the museum is free. Pre-booking required Donations welcome See and do Welcome Category: Museum admission Book your free tickets now and find answers to frequently asked questions. Book now Power Up Category: Interactive gallery Open daily, 10.00 – 17.30 Immerse yourself in our hands-on gaming experience, featuring the very best video games and consoles from the past 50 years. Book now Dune: Part Two (12A) IMAX® Category: IMAX screening Until 24 March 2024 Experience the epic new chapter of the Dune saga in mind-blowing IMAX® format. Book now Wonderlab: The Equinor Gallery Category: Interactive gallery Open daily, 10.00–17.40 Fuel your imagination and immerse yourself in a world of wonder at the most spectacular interactive gallery in the world. Book now Astronights Category: Event Dates vary Have you ever wanted to have a sleepover in a museum? Then don’t miss our new series of music themed Astronights that will get you in the groove! Book now See and do (con) Open Talk Category: Book now Book now for our expert-led online discussions, ranging from how video games can boost mental health to historic stories of LGBTQ+ rail workers. Zimingzhong 凝时聚珍: Clockwork Treasures from China’s Forbidden City Category: Exhibition Until Sunday 2 June 2024 Turn back the hands of time and discover a beautiful exhibition of mechanical marvels prized by the emperors of China’s Forbidden City. Book now Sustainability Category: Read more Find out how the Science Museum Group is putting sustainability at the heart of our work. Self-led trails Seeing things queerly trail Category: Read more Follow this self-led trail to discover some of the objects on display at the Science Museum that tell stories of queer communities, experiences, and identities. Black History self-guided tour Category: Read more Follow this self-led trail to discover fascinating objects in the Science Museum that celebrate the achievements of Black scientists. Top 5 things to see for under 7s Category: Read more Follow this under 7s trail and go on a journey of exploration and discovery around the Science Museum. Shop online Spark their curiosity Category: The museum online shop Shop science kits, homeware, robotics and more online. Every purchase supports the museum. Click to read more Back to Top Location Exhibition Road, South Kensington, London, SW7 2DD Discover South Kensington Opening times Open daily 10.00–18.00 Newsletter Sign up My Account Log in Keep in touch Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Quick links Contact us Work for us Volunteering Press office Venue hire Part of the Science Museum Group Science Museum National Science and Media Museum Science and Industry Museum National Railway Museum Locomotion Terms and conditions Privacy and cookies Modern Slavery Statement Web accessibility Part of the Science Museum Group