Authority Hacker - Learn How to Build Authority Sites Skip to content Menu About Blog Affiliate Marketing Blogging SEO WordPress & Site Building Courses Podcast Tools Free Training Learn How to Create Profitable Websites Find profitable niches easily Automate content creation Discover easy to rank for keywords Build white hat links at scale Get The Free Training We’re Featured On What We Do Blog We share our latest insights and what’s working now through in-depth blog posts, tutorials & research case studies. Read latest posts Podcast Weekly new podcast episodes challenging what’s accepted in the community and debating of better ways to do marketing. Listen to the podcast Training Courses We have helped over 13,000 people to build, grow and supercharge their online business with our premium courses. Our training programs Hi, Mark AndGael Here More about us We’re the guys behind Authority Hacker. We build and run a portfolio of authority sites. On this site, we share everything we’ve learned along the way. The content we create is the training we wish we had before we started this journey. We hate the cheesy side of online marketing and so focus on being fluff-free and actionable. How Authority Hacker®Changed Their Lives How Nick Drewe Grew His Site To 2,000,000 Monthly Visitors Watch video How Josh Dunlop Became The #1 Photography Site In The World & Now Makes 7 Figures / Year Watch video How Shane Dutka Went From Nerdy Accountant To 7 Figure Pro Marketer Watch video How Kevin Espiritu Became The Face Of Global Advertising Campaigns From His Authority Site Watch video Some Of Our LatestBlog Posts Affiliate Marketing in 2024: Survey of 2,270 Affiliate Marketers Reveals What’s Working 21 Affiliate Marketing Tips & Strategies to Earn More Money in 2024 Should I Start a Blog in 2024: 11 Reasons to Say Yes in the Age of AI 🏗️ Site Architecture: How to Beat High-Authority Sites with Fewer Links Using proper SEO Silo Structure We Analyzed Our Link Outreach Data For The Past 2 Years, Here Is What We Found Are Keyword Tools Traffic Estimates Accurate? (Case Study) See all posts The Best OfAuthority Hacker® SEO Affiliate WordPress Blogging How we rank websites in search engines How to Get Featured Snippets Link Outreach Site Architecture Link Building Services Best SERP Trackers Link Building Statistics Anchor Text Optimization Internal Links Title Tags How Long to Rank on Google How we monetize our audiences How to Start Affiliate Marketing How to Build an Affiliate Marketing Website Best Niches for Affiliate Marketing How to Become an Affiliate Marketer Is Affiliate Marketing Worth It Affiliate Marketing Without a Website Affiliate Marketing Website Examples SEO for Affiliate Marketing Affiliate Marketing Statistics High Ticket Affiliate Programs High Paying Affiliate Programs Best Affiliate Marketing Programs How to Make Money With ClickBank How to Write a Product Review Affiliate Marketing Tips Affiliate Marketing Tools How we build our websites Finding Slow WordPress Plugins WordPress Image Optimizers GenerateBlocks Review GeneratePress Review WordPress Performance Plugins WP Rocket Review NitroPack Review NitroPack vs WP Rocket WP Rocket Alternatives How to grow an audience with your blog How to Monetize a Blog Best Blogging Platforms Blogs That Make Money Should I Start a Blog Best AI Writing Software AI Statistics How to Start a Christian Blog How to Start a Food Blog How to Start a DIY Blog How to Start a Fitness Blog How To Start a Mom Blog How to Start a Movie Blog How to Start a Music Blog How to Start a Pet Blog What The Pros Say About Us Far too many marketing “experts” give advice while never actually trying it themselves. That’s why I love Gael & Mark from Authority Hacker. They never talk about things that they THINK will work. They only talk about things that they’ve tried, so they KNOW it works. Tim SouloCMO @ Ahrefs I thought I had great marketing ideas until I met Gael. Pay attention to these guys. Real gold in their knowledge Noah KaganFounder @ Appsumo Ready To StartYour Journey? Now it is your turn to get started building your own Authority Website. To help you get started, we put together a free video training that will give you all the tools and tactics you will need to get started even if you don’t have any prior experience. Click the button below to join the training and let us show you the authority site model. Get The Free Training Actionable Online Marketing Learn Blog Courses Member Login Podcast Videos Company About Us Affiliate Program Sponsorship Contact Authority Hacker® is a trademark of Judgement Media Ltd Cookie Policy Disclaimer Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms