Nieman Journalism Lab Fellowships Reports Lab Storyboard Nieman Foundation at Harvard HOME About Subscribe Archives Foundation Reports Storyboard LATEST STORYWhat happened when the Chicago Sun-Times freed the news Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production ABOUT SUBSCRIBE Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production Translations Report for America is “phasing out” partnerships with hedge fund-owned publicationsWelcome Nieman Lab’s new staff writers, Andrew Deck and Neel DhaneshaWhat happened when the Chicago Sun-Times freed the newsAfter a $61 million acquisition by public media, Chicago-Sun Times readers get free content and the newsroom has grown. But no one’s taking a victory lap for local news yet.By Jane ElizabethFacebook will stop subsidizing Australian news. Will tax dollars have to replace it?“If we accept that news is a public good, not something we can treat as a product to be traded like soap, then we have to develop economic models that somehow get the public to pay for it.”By Peter GresteThe Boston Globe revisits an infamous murder — and confronts its own sins along the way“They’ve never said, ‘We got that wrong.'”By Sarah ScireThe future of news is print! (In France, once every four years)How Black women get their political news matters for this electionA new study investigates the ways Black women use social media, TV news, and other sources to engage with politics.By Nadia Brown, Camille Burge and Christine SlaughterIs The New York Times’ newsroom just a bunch of Ivy Leaguers? (Kinda, sorta.)They’re not a majority, based on a new look at education data, but they are wildly overrepresented.By Joshua BentonThe Guardian’s new “Deeply Read” article ranking focuses on attention, not just clicksSan Francisco Chronicle tries an AI chatbot — er, Chowbot — for food recsChowbot is the Chronicle’s “first real foray into audience-facing AI.” By Sarah ScireWith elections looming worldwide, here’s how to identify and investigate AI audio deepfakes“They are easier and cheaper to create than deepfake videos, and there are fewer contextual clues to detect with the naked eye.”By Rowan PhilpThe week we couldn’t find Google NewsGoogle tests removing the News tab from search resultsThe News filter disappearing from Google search results for some users this week won’t help publishers sleep any easier.By Sarah ScireMost big legacy news publishers across 10 countries are blocking OpenAI’s crawlers, report findsWealthier, urban Americans have access to more local newsBut roughly half of U.S. counties have only one news outlet or less.By Sarah Stonbely What happened when the Chicago Sun-Times freed the newsAfter a $61 million acquisition by public media, Chicago-Sun Times readers get free content and the newsroom has grown. But no one’s taking a victory lap for local news yet.By Jane Elizabeth Facebook will stop subsidizing Australian news. Will tax dollars have to replace it?“If we accept that news is a public good, not something we can treat as a product to be traded like soap, then we have to develop economic models that somehow get the public to pay for it.”The Boston Globe revisits an infamous murder — and confronts its own sins along the way“They’ve never said, ‘We got that wrong.'” What We’re Reading STAT / Torie BoschWhy the health and medicine news site STAT doesn’t cover awareness days“These days/weeks/months are very important to the communities they revolve around. But the rest of the world, frankly, does not care…STAT is a news site, and such occasions are not news. Fundamentally, these days/weeks/months are about marketing.”THE CITY / Tazbia FatimaHow The City used AI to map their stories across all five boroughs“As editors we knew intuitively that our coverage chronicles parts of the city that don’t have neighborhood papers or blogs, which are usually only in the news because of a crime or a fire,” said Alyssa Katz, THE CITY’s executive editor. “It is powerful to actually see our articles mapped out across New York City, a visual record of which communities we’ve been able to reach, as well as well where we still have more work to do.”The Verge / Nilay PatelNilay Patel on blogs, massive tech shifts, and how The Verge stays profitable“The kinds of things people write about, the containers that we write in, are mostly designed to be optimized for Google Search. They’re not designed for, ‘I need to just quickly tell you about this and move on.’ Our little insight was, ‘Well, what if we just don’t do that? What if we only write for the people who come directly to our website instead of the people who find our articles through Search or Google Discover or whatever other Google platforms are in the world?'”American Crisis / Margaret SullivanWhy the leak investigation inside The New York Times’ newsroom is so disturbing“I think the Times should be doing an investigation, but not about who on their staff has been leaking. It should be scrutinizing its own reporting practices, particularly with respect to the vetting of freelancers, and then reporting to its readers about the findings.”Financial Times / Nic FildesAustralia threatens action against Meta after Facebook news payments axed“The Australian government has threatened action against Meta, the owner of Facebook and Instagram, after the US social media company said it would stop paying local media companies this year for using their content. The move, announced in a blog post on Friday, has reignited a furious public debate about how media companies should be compensated when sites such as Google News and Facebook use their material.”Press Gazette / Clara AberneithieAround 10% of Gaza’s journalists have been killed, by one estimate, amid concerns that Israel is deliberately targeting them“According to the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), 94 journalists and media workers have been confirmed dead since the conflict began, 89 of whom were Palestinian. The methodologies for tracking journalist deaths vary, with the Palestinian Journalists Syndicate reporting the death of 120 journalists as of 13 February, equating to 10% of its membership…Dawson said that about 2.5% of healthcare workers have been killed in Gaza, which, compared to 10% of journalists, was ‘quite exceptional.'”AP / David BauderThey are TV’s ghosts — basic cable networks that somehow survive with little reason to watch them anymore“Now MTV is a ghost. Its average prime-time audience of 256,000 people in 2023 was down from 807,000 in 2014, the Nielsen company said. One recent evening MTV aired reruns of ‘Ridiculousness’ from 5 p.m. to 1:30 a.m.” Other audience declines since 2014: USA Network down 69%, AMC down 73%, and Disney Channel down 93%.The Atlantic / Saahil DesaiInside America’s last Morse Code station“Nestled within the Point Reyes National Seashore, north of San Francisco, KPH Maritime Radio is the last operational Morse-code radio station in North America…The [volunteer] crew has gotten slightly larger over the years. Its members call themselves the ‘radio squirrels.’ Every Saturday, they beep out maritime news and weather reports, and receive any stray messages.”The Verge / Nilay PatelElon Musk’s legal case against OpenAI is hilariously bad“It’s a fun complaint to read; it fundamentally accuses OpenAI and its CEO, Sam Altman, of pretending to run a nonprofit designed to benefit humanity while actually running a regular ol’ tech company and trying to make a lot of money. That’s a pretty good criticism of the entire OpenAI situation, actually! Someone with some intellectual honesty and a competent lawyer should run at that sometime.”The Washington Post / Laura WagnerThe New York Times is accused of racial targeting in its leak hunt over Israel stories“In a letter obtained by The Washington Post, NewsGuild of New York president Susan DeCarava said managers picked out particular employees — ‘targeted for their national origin, ethnicity and race’ — who had raised concerns about the paper’s reporting for ‘particularly hostile questioning.'”See what else we’re reading → To close out 2023, we asked some of the smartest people we know to predict what 2024 will bring for the future of journalism. Here’s what they had to say. Report for America is “phasing out” partnerships with hedge fund-owned publicationsWelcome Nieman Lab’s new staff writers, Andrew Deck and Neel DhaneshaThe future of news is print! (In France, once every four years)How Black women get their political news matters for this electionIs The New York Times’ newsroom just a bunch of Ivy Leaguers? (Kinda, sorta.)The Guardian’s new “Deeply Read” article ranking focuses on attention, not just clicksSan Francisco Chronicle tries an AI chatbot — er, Chowbot — for food recsWith elections looming worldwide, here’s how to identify and investigate AI audio deepfakesThe week we couldn’t find Google NewsGoogle tests removing the News tab from search results Nieman Lab is a project to try to help figure out where the news is headed in the Internet age. Sign up for The Digest, our daily email with all the freshest future-of-journalism news. Subscribe Twitter Facebook RSS About Contact Archives Help advance the Nieman Foundation’s mission “to promote and elevate the standards of journalism” by making a donation. To promote and elevate the standards of journalism Covering thought leadership in journalism Pushing to the future of journalism Exploring the art and craft of story © 2024 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College / Some rights reserved Harvard Trademark Privacy Digital Accessibility Walter Lippmann House One Francis Ave. Cambridge, MA 02138 617 495 2237 The Nieman Journalism Lab is a collaborative attempt to figure out how quality journalism can survive and thrive in the Internet age. It’s a project of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University. Follow us Subscribe to our email Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Download our iPhone app Subscribe via RSS Subscribe to our work → The basics About us Contact Archives Projects Encyclo Fuego Tweet archive About us → Director Joshua Benton Staff writers Justin Ellis Caroline O’Donovan © President and Fellows of Harvard College, unless otherwise noted. Some rights reserved.