ComingSoon.net - Movie Trailers, TV & Streaming News, and More. Skip to content ComingSoon.net - Movie Trailers, TV & Streaming News, and More Open Close Menu Open menuStreaming Apple TV+ Disney+ Hulu Max Netflix Paramount+ Peacock Prime Video Schedules Open menuMovies Movie News Movie Features Movie Reviews Open menuTV TV News TV Features TV Reviews Open menuGames Video Game News Video Game Features Video Game Reviews Trailers Open menuGenres Celebrity Collectibles Comics Documentaries Family Horror Sci-Fi Stand-Up Comedy True Crime Wrestling Open menuWorld Anime Chinese Drama Indian Movies & TV Korean Drama Facebook Twitter Search Close Search Disney Quietly ‘Killed a Few Projects’ That Weren’t ‘Strong Enough,’ Says Bob Iger Testament: The Story of Moses Trailer Previews Netflix’s Newest Docuseries Dead Mail Interview: Directors & Stars Talk Collaboration & SXSW Premiere Latest Features Lord of Misrule Blu-ray Giveaway for the Magnolia Horror Thriller Weird Science TV Show Still Has Some Magic Left After 30 Years Jetix: Transforming Your Block On Second Watch: Speed Is Still A Cinematic Thrill Ride That Packs a Punch All Movies TV Games All Features News Reviews Trailers More Stories More 96th Oscars Presenters Revealed Including Ryan Gosling, Emily Blunt The 96th Academy Awards is set to take place on Sunday, and The Academy has officially unveiled more presenters ahead… Movies Anthony Nash 55 mins ago The Wild Robot Trailer Previews Upcoming DreamWorks Animated Movie With DreamWorks Animation’s Kung Fu Panda 4 hitting theaters on March 8, the studio has also released the trailer for… Movies Ryan Louis Mantilla 1 hour ago Dragon Ball Super English Dub Now Available on Crunchyroll Crunchyroll has announced that every episode of Dragon Ball Super’s English dub is now available on the streaming platform. For… Anime Spencer Legacy 1 hour ago Outcome: Cameron Diaz in Talks to Join Keanu Reeves in Jonah Hill’s Next Directorial Movie Ahead of her acting comeback in Jamie Foxx’s upcoming action comedy Back in Action, it seems like Cameron Diaz is… Movies Maggie Dela Paz 2 hours ago Thelma: June Squibb Action Movie Sets Release Date, Teaser Trailer Revealed June Squibb’s new action movie, Thelma, is releasing in theaters this summer. Magnolia Pictures & Magnet Releasing posted a brief… Movies Brandon Schreur 2 hours ago Dakota Johnson Understands, Reacts to Madame Web’s Negative Response Dakota Johnson has heard the various criticisms and negative reactions to Sony’s Madame Web, and said she understands a lot… Movies Anthony Nash 2 hours ago Lockerbie Cast Adds Suits Alum & More to Netflix/BBC Series The official cast for Netflix and BBC‘s upcoming series adaptation of the Lockerbie bombing incident in 1988 has been announced.… TV Maggie Dela Paz 2 hours ago The Idea of You Unveils Poster for Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine-Led Rom-Com Prime Video has released the poster for The Idea of You, an upcoming romantic comedy based on the acclaimed 2017… Movies Ryan Louis Mantilla 2 hours ago Moon Knight, Andor, and More Disney+ Series Set 4K & Blu-ray Release Dates Disney has set release dates for a number of 4K UHD and Blu-ray releases of some of its most popular… TV Anthony Nash 3 hours ago MaXXXine Teaser Trailer & Release Date Revealed for Ti West’s Pearl Sequel A24 has revealed the MaXXXine release date for the third in Ti West’s horror trilogy starring Mia Goth. MaXXXine Release… Movies Neil Bolt 3 hours ago Exclusive Snow Valley Trailer Previews Supernatural Horror Movie With Barbara Crampton ComingSoon is debuting the exclusive trailer for Snow Valley, a new horror movie starring Barbara Crampton. Releasing next month from… Movies Brandon Schreur 3 hours ago The Night Always Comes: Vanessa Kirby Reunites With Netflix for New Drama Movie According to Deadline, Oscar nominee Vanessa Kirby has signed on for the leading role in Netflix’s upcoming thriller drama The… Movies Maggie Dela Paz 4 hours ago Xbox Game Pass March 2024 Games Include MLB The Show 24 The first games coming to Xbox Game Pass Ultimate during March 2024 have been announced, and there are a few… Games Rebecca Smith 4 hours ago Exclusive American Dreamer Clip Features Peter Dinklage Trying to Get a House ComingSoon is debuting an exclusive American Dreamer clip from the upcoming Peter Dinklage-led comedy movie. The film is set to… Movies Spencer Legacy 4 hours ago Final Destination 6 Gets Official Title as Filming Begins Production for the sixth installment of Final Destination, which will mark the horror franchise’s 25th anniversary, is now underway. In… Movies Ryan Louis Mantilla 4 hours ago Freaky Friday 2 Update Given by Lindsay Lohan Freaky Friday 2 may officially be in the works, according to Lindsay Lohan. Speaking during a recent appearance on Andy… Movies Anthony Nash 4 hours ago King & Conqueror Cast Adds Emily Beecham, Clémence Poésy to Drama Series CBS Studios announced the additions of Emily Beecham and Clémence Poésy to the cast of King & Conqueror, an upcoming… TV Dan Girolamo 4 hours ago Joel McHale Gives Community Movie Update, Filming To Work Around Donald Glover’s Schedule Series star Joel McHale has revealed that the Community movie will be filmed this year, with shooting set to “work… Movies Spencer Legacy 4 hours ago New Terrifier 3 Set Photos Teases Art the Clown’s Holiday Killing Spree With Art the Clown poised to terrorize the holiday season in the upcoming Terrifier 3, new images from the set… TV Ryan Louis Mantilla 4 hours ago A Gentleman in Moscow Trailer Sets Release Date for Showtime’s Ewan McGregor Period Drama Showtime has released the A Gentleman in Moscow trailer for its upcoming period drama starring Emmy winner Ewan McGregor. The… TV Maggie Dela Paz 4 hours ago LOAD MORE Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Address Subscribe Reviews and Previews Stopmotion Review: Art is Murder in Grim Ode to Handcrafted Animation Robert Morgan fuses grisly stop-motion puppetry with live-action psychological horror in Stopmotion, his feature-length debut. Stop-motion animation is superbly suited… 2 weeks ago Final Fantasy VII Rebirth Review: A Dazzling Reimagining I gushed over Final Fantasy VII Rebirth after playing its opening hours, and thankfully, after over 50 more, I can… 2 weeks ago Dune: Part Two Review: An Expansive Sci-Fi Epic Long live the fighters. After over two years of waiting, it’s time for audiences to return to Arrakis in Dune:… 2 weeks ago Lovely Dark and Deep Review: Striking Cosmic Horror in the Wilderness Teresa Sutherland’s feature debut, Lovely, Dark, and Deep, gets lost in the woods as it tries to deliver a cosmic… 2 weeks ago VIEW MORE Interviews Interview: Next Goal Wins Star Oscar Kightley Talks Grounded True Story ComingSoon Editor-in-Chief Tyler Treese spoke to Next Goal Wins star Oscar Kightley about the sports film. Directed by Taika Waititi,… 1 week ago Wonka Interview: Director Paul King on Reception, Timothée Chalamet’s Range ComingSoon Editor-in-Chief Tyler Treese spoke with Wonka director Paul King about his Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory prequel. The director discussed filming… 1 week ago Interview: K-Pop Girl Group H1-KEY on New Single ‘Deeper’, H1-KEYnote Project & More ComingSoon Lead Writer Varsha Narayanan spoke to H1-KEY about their group identity, their message, their music, including the H1-KEYnote project,… 1 week ago Wonka Interview: Calah Lane Talks Balloon Scene & Prequel’s Reception ComingSoon Editor-in-Chief Tyler Treese spoke with Wonka star Calah Lane about her role in the Willy Wonka and the Chocolate… 1 week ago VIEW MORE Horror Infested Trailer and Poster Crawl Into View for Shudder’s Creepy Crawly Horror Shudder has released a U.S. Infested trailer and poster for Sébastien Vaniček’s Spider Horror movie. The French horror sees an… 4 hours ago Killer Klowns from Outer Space Game Heads to PAX East 2024 IllFonic’s Killer Klowns from Outer Space game heads to PAX East 2024 with hands-on sessions and a panel with the… 5 hours ago Halloween & Horror Convention Midsummer Scream Returns This July The world’s largest Halloween and horror convention Midsummer Scream is returning to Long Beach Convention Center this Summer. Between July… 8 hours ago Friday the 13th Blumhouse Movie Update Given by Jason Blum Jason Blum has stated that he’s still trying to “will” a Blumhouse Friday the 13th movie into existing as he’s… 1 day ago VIEW MORE Marvel and DC Kamala Khan MCU: Will Iman Vellani Return & Be in Avengers: Secret Wars? Fans are wondering when Iman Vellani‘s Kamala Khan will return to the MCU. Will Ms. Marvel will be in Avengers:… 1 day ago James Gunn’s Superman Finds DCU Perry White Another frequent member of Superman’s supporting cast, Perry White, has been cast in James Gunn‘s upcoming DC Studios movie. The… 4 days ago Ray Winstone Reflects on ‘Soul-Destroying’ Black Widow Reshoots Actor Ray Winstone has recently reflected on his time starring in the Marvel Studios’ Black Widow, calling the process of… 4 days ago The Marvels Star ‘Had No Clue’ About Beast Cameo Until the MCU Movie’s Release The Marvels star Teyonah Parris has revealed that she had no idea that the X-Men member Beast would be in… 4 days ago VIEW MORE Guides Drain the Oceans Season 5 Streaming: Watch and Stream Online via Disney Plus and Hulu Season 5 of the documentary Drain the Oceans explores the scope of the show to bring ancient marine history as… 13 mins ago Drain the Oceans Season 4 Streaming: Watch and Stream Online via Disney Plus and Hulu Season 4 of the documentary Drain the Oceans explores the scope of the show to bring ancient marine history as… 23 mins ago Drain the Oceans Season 3 Streaming: Watch and Stream Online via Disney Plus and Hulu Season 3 of the documentary series Drain the Oceans brings more captivating marine stories about lost underwater cities, sunken treasures,… 25 mins ago Drain the Oceans Season 2 Streaming: Watch and Stream Online via Disney Plus and Hulu Season 2 of the British documentary Drain the Oceans continues to dive underwater and reveal the stories, treasures, cities, and… 26 mins ago VIEW MORE About Us Contact Us Advertising Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Use ComingSoon is a property of Evolve Media Holdings, LLC. © 2024 All Rights Reserved. | Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media Holdings, LLC, and its owned and operated subsidiaries may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links. X