CBS Chicago - Breaking News, First Alert Weather, Exclusive Investigations & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Chicago Breaking News, First Alert Weather, Exclusive Investigations & Community Journalism twitter facebook youtube instagram News All News Politics Consumer HealthWatch Autos Investigative Business Entertainment Photos CBS+ Weather All Weather Chicago School Closings Flight Delays O'Hare Flight Delays Midway Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Bears Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Fire Red Stars Sky Video Station Info CBS2 Send Tips Advertise Jobs & Internships Contests & Promotions Download App Latest News More Isaac Goodlow's family wants charges against officers in Carol Stream Police shot Goodlow in his bedroom on Feb. 3 at the Villagebrook Apartments at 260 E. St. Charles Rd., after responding to a reported domestic violence incident. 2H ago Options for Bears to trade Justin Fields limited, per reports Several teams in the market for a QB are looking at free agent options, and as more get signed, that means fewer options for the Beas to deal away Fields. 1H ago After complaints of his travel scams, police take action People from across the country made similar allegations about losing money to the same Illinois man, Elliott Lawson Henderson, and there's been a big development. 2H ago Facebook, Instagram users report widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users are reporting they were booted out of the social media platforms and are unable to log back in. updated 22M ago Lurie Children's Hospital health records, phone lines back up after cyberattack The patient portal MyChart was still down as of Tuesday morning. 1H ago Smart telescope to provide high-quality images of April solar eclipse in Carmel, Indiana The telescope can take pictures and videos, and is powerful enough to catch solar flares and sunspots from more than 93 million miles away. 22M ago Fire damages two buildings, displaces 11 in Austin The cause of the fire is under investigation. updated 23M ago Armed robbers target 7-Eleven with customers inside in Bucktown Police said the offenders fled in a blue sedan. 2H ago WATCH NOW: CBS 2 News Chicago Breaking News, First Alert Weather, Exclusive Investigations & Community Journalism Jan 26 More Latest News CBS News Live CBS News Chicago: Local News, Weather & More Apr 21, 2020 CBS News Chicago CBS News Live First Alert Weather More Rain lingers early Tuesday morning in Chicago, cooler day ahead Rain tapers off by 7 a.m. 2H ago Meet The First Alert Weather Team CBS 2 News Chicago's weather forecast model — First Alert — helps digital users and traditional television viewers stay on top of Chicago's dynamic weather. Jan 29 Spring Outlook: What to expect in Chicago The emergence of greenery and blossoms is underway soon as El Niño fades away, and we transition to a neutral weather pattern. Feb 20 More CBS 2 Investigators More Retired officer promised huge payout, loses thousands in travel deal One of the victims includes a retired cop who's now hoping for justice. Mar 4 Cyberattack at Lurie Children's Hospital leaves families desperate for answers The family of a Lurie patient with a rare condition haven't had access to her medical records during the ongoing outage after the cyberattack. Feb 29 How can Temu sell so much for so little? What comes with bargain basement prices? Thousands of consumer complaints, lawsuits and other concerns. Feb 27 More from the CBS 2 Investigators CBS 2 Sports Headlines Blackhawks shut out by Avalanche for 22nd straight loss on road The Avalanche went 3-1 against the Blackhawks this season, outscoring them by a 16-3 margin. 12H ago Homewood-Flossmoor, Mount Carmel among IHSA boys' basketball teams going to state More local boys' basketball winners heading downstate include Hope Academy, Phillips, Aurora Christian, Palatine, DePaul College Prep, and New Trier. 12H ago Bears agree to trade 5th round pick for Bills OL Ryan Bates The team announced it had acquired Ryan Bates from the Buffalo Bills for a fifth-round draft pick, although the trade cannot become official until March 13. 1H ago Community Journalism 29 Black History facts you probably didn't learn in school Ernest Crim III is your instructor for this 29-lesson course as CBS 2 celebrates Black History Month. Feb 29 Therapist turned chef uses cooking as form of therapy for children The Evolved Network was started by one therapist-turned-chef on a mission to serve the city. Mar 1 Call and Response Books opening new store in Hyde Park Call and Response Books plans to debut its new store in a couple of months. Feb 29 TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Latest Videos More Latest Videos Boeing faces new FAA report citing quality control problems, and lawsuit over door plug Amid a federal report finding multiple instances Boeing and a key supplier failed to make sure manufacturing met quality standards, the aircraft maker also is facing a $1 billion lawsuit after a door plug blew off midflight on Alaska Airlines. 9M ago 01:34 Boeing faces new FAA report citing quality control problems, and lawsuit over door plug National Guard airman pleads guilty to leaking classified documents It was one of the biggest national security breaches in years, and now the man behind the leak is owning up to it. Massachusetts National Guard Airman Jack Teixeira has pleaded guilty to federal charges. 17M ago 01:59 Talking travel with Peter Greenberg Travel Editor Peter Greenberg is talking about the FAA Boeing report and the failed merger between Spirit and Jet Blue. 17M ago 05:19 Fire displaces 11 on Chicago's West Side The Chicago Fire Department said the fire spread to two buildings in the 4600 block of West Adams Street just before 7 a.m. The fire started on the second floor of the two-story building. 24M ago 00:25 See the April total solar eclipse on smart telescope in Carmel, Indiana A total solar eclipse is a little more than a month away, but people are already making plans to see it in person. 26M ago 00:58 More in Latest Videos Latest News More Latest News Isaac Goodlow's family wants charges against officers in Carol Stream Police shot Goodlow in his bedroom on Feb. 3 at the Villagebrook Apartments at 260 E. St. Charles Rd., after responding to a reported domestic violence incident. 2H ago Options for Bears to trade Justin Fields limited, per reports Several teams in the market for a QB are looking at free agent options, and as more get signed, that means fewer options for the Beas to deal away Fields. 1H ago After complaints of his travel scams, police take action People from across the country made similar allegations about losing money to the same Illinois man, Elliott Lawson Henderson, and there's been a big development. 2H ago Facebook, Instagram users report widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users are reporting they were booted out of the social media platforms and are unable to log back in. updated 21M ago Lurie Children's Hospital health records, phone lines back up after cyberattack The patient portal MyChart was still down as of Tuesday morning. 1H ago More Latest News CBS 2 Investigators More CBS 2 Investigators Retired officer promised huge payout, loses thousands in travel deal One of the victims includes a retired cop who's now hoping for justice. Mar 4 Cyberattack at Lurie Children's Hospital leaves families desperate for answers The family of a Lurie patient with a rare condition haven't had access to her medical records during the ongoing outage after the cyberattack. Feb 29 How can Temu sell so much for so little? What comes with bargain basement prices? Thousands of consumer complaints, lawsuits and other concerns. Feb 27 CPD helicopter credited with finding suspect after shootout as more choppers are coming CBS 2 has now learned two more choppers for the CPD, and one more for the Cook County Sheriff's Office, should arrive by the end of the year. Feb 26 Dolton mayor accused of misusing public funds, improperly running charity Sources tell CBS 2 they've been interviewed by the FBI over allegedly lavish personal spending on the taxpayer's dime. Feb 23 More from CBS 2 Investigators Politics More Politics Residents of Flossmoor outraged over possible ouster of police chief There is talk that the mayor and village manager want Chief Jerel Jones out, and it has all left many surprised – including the chief himself. 2H ago Illinois effort to keep Trump off ballot is over after U.S. Supreme Court ruling It was knockout punch for the Colorado decision to remove Trump, on which Illinois was essentially piggybacking. updated 8M ago U.S. Rep. Jesus "Chuy" Garcia facing challenge from Ald. Raymond Lopez in Democratic primary The race pits Garcia, one of the most progressive members of Congress, against Lopez, one of the most moderate members of the Chicago City Council. 18H ago Which states vote today, Super Tuesday 2024? There are hundreds of delegates up for grabs in 15 states and one territory for both Democrats and Republicans on Super Tuesday. updated 24M ago Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 16H ago More Political News Consumer News More Consumer News Multiple people say they were scammed by man offering discounted travel deals Elliott Henderson, of south suburban Glenwood, is featured on a website, a petition, and Facebook and Instagram pages -- all dedicated to warning others about his travel deals. Mar 4 Kia, Hyundai owners could get cut of $145 million settlement It all stems from the cars being easier targets for thieves​ because of their design. Mar 1 AT&T cell outage has some dreading possibility of end of landlines in Illinois On Thursday of last week, more than 50,000 AT&T customers lost service in a widespread outage. Feb 28 ComEd billing upgrade issues leave customers frustrated ComEd claimed one woman owed almost $10,000 on what was supposed to be a bill for $49.20. Feb 21 DeKalb grandma gets no help from Facebook for her hacked business page She tried several ways to solve the problem, including a $400 purchase, to get some sort of response from Meta. Feb 19 More Consumer News Health News More Health News Some local experts urge caution as CDC relaxes COVID isolation guidelines The new guidelines​ end guidance for Americans to stay home for five days after testing positive for COVID. Mar 1 Ban on flavored tobacco in Evanston to take effect April 1 The ban​ includes a vast range of products – among them flavored cigarettes, cigars, vaping items, pipe tobacco, and rolling papers. The flavors affected include menthol. Mar 1 Abortion pill will be made available in Illinois from Walgreens CVS and Walgreens announced Friday that they will start selling abortion pills as soon as this month. Mar 1 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 19H ago More Health News Business News More Business News State Street downtown has highest vacancy rate ever, but experts say there is hope An expert said short-term leases, or "activations," for retail or art galleries could make a major difference. Feb 29 Gov. Pritzker says using public funds on a new White Sox stadium is 'not a priority' White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf is reportedly asking for $1 billion in public funds for construction. Feb 26 New owners reimagine classic hot dog stand in Chicago's West Town neighborhood It all starts with a new name. Feb 23 City of Chicago sues oil companies, accuses them of deception about climate dangers Similar lawsuits have been filed recently in California and New York City. Feb 20 DeKalb grandma gets no help from Facebook for her hacked business page She tried several ways to solve the problem, including a $400 purchase, to get some sort of response from Meta. Feb 19 More Business News Sports More Sports Blackhawks shut out by Avalanche for 22nd straight loss on road The Avalanche went 3-1 against the Blackhawks this season, outscoring them by a 16-3 margin. 12H ago Homewood-Flossmoor, Mount Carmel among IHSA boys' basketball teams going to state More local boys' basketball winners heading downstate include Hope Academy, Phillips, Aurora Christian, Palatine, DePaul College Prep, and New Trier. 12H ago Bears agree to trade 5th round pick for Bills OL Ryan Bates The team announced it had acquired Ryan Bates from the Buffalo Bills for a fifth-round draft pick, although the trade cannot become official until March 13. 1H ago Options for Bears to trade Justin Fields limited, per reports Several teams in the market for a QB are looking at free agent options, and as more get signed, that means fewer options for the Beas to deal away Fields. 1H ago Decisions made by Williams, Harrison Jr. could impact future NFL combines The NFL's annual scouting combine has evolved from hidden gem into the league's second-biggest offseason event over the past three decades because of new twists. 17H ago More Sports News Weather Latest First Alert Weather Forecast Download the CBS Chicago Weather app! First Alert Radar Local Weather Temperatures National Weather Temperatures Entertainment More Entertainment Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Richard Lewis, comedian and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" star, dies at 76 Richard Lewis, the actor and comedian known for his long-running stand-up career and recurring role in the hit HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm," is dead at 76. Feb 29 "Star Trek" actor Kenneth Mitchell dead at 49 after ALS battle "Star Trek" actor Kenneth Mitchell died Saturday after battling ALS for years. He was 49. Feb 25 Wendy Williams diagnosed with aphasia and frontotemporal dementia Wendy Williams' team revealed she has been diagnosed with primary progressive aphasia​ and frontotemporal dementia​. Feb 23 Riot Fest announces Slayer will headline annual Chicago music festival The music festival organizers announced what it called "a Midwest exclusive performance" of the head-banging legends, who last toured in 2019. Feb 21 More in Entertainment Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Boeing faces new FAA report citing quality control problems, and lawsuit over door plug Amid a federal report finding multiple instances Boeing and a key supplier failed to make sure manufacturing met quality standards, the aircraft maker also is facing a $1 billion lawsuit after a door plug blew off midflight on Alaska Airlines. 9M ago 01:34 National Guard airman pleads guilty to leaking classified documents It was one of the biggest national security breaches in years, and now the man behind the leak is owning up to it. Massachusetts National Guard Airman Jack Teixeira has pleaded guilty to federal charges. 17M ago 01:59 Talking travel with Peter Greenberg Travel Editor Peter Greenberg is talking about the FAA Boeing report and the failed merger between Spirit and Jet Blue. 17M ago 05:19 Fire displaces 11 on Chicago's West Side The Chicago Fire Department said the fire spread to two buildings in the 4600 block of West Adams Street just before 7 a.m. The fire started on the second floor of the two-story building. 24M ago 00:25 See the April total solar eclipse on smart telescope in Carmel, Indiana A total solar eclipse is a little more than a month away, but people are already making plans to see it in person. 26M ago 00:58 More in Latest Videos Crime More Crime Two men charged in double homicide in Waukegan Tylo Eddins and Ishawn Pitts are facing murder charges in the shooting deaths of Rodrigo Olivan and Ana Gil. 19H ago Man charged with robbing woman in Wheeling parking garage after following her from ATM Police said Wayne Frazier is suspected in several other similar robberies, and further charges were pending in cases in Arlington Heights, Berwyn, and Summit. 22H ago Charges announced in teen takeover of Chicago's South Loop Official says they took at least nine teens into custody. One teen died, and another was injured, after a shooting during the Saturday night gathering. 17H ago Kia, Hyundai owners could get cut of $145 million settlement It all stems from the cars being easier targets for thieves​ because of their design. Mar 1 Prosecutors detail stabbing of 2 teen boys in Chicago Heights One of the two brothers, who was only 13 years old, died as a result of the stabbing. A 50-year-old man was charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder. Mar 1 More Crime News CBS2 Chicago Contact Us Stream CBS News Chicago Weather & Radar Maps Contests & Promotions Advertise with CBS2 ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS 2 Contests & Promotions Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WBBM-TV / CBS2 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On