Dedicated to Finding a Cure for ALS | The ALS Association Skip to main content My State: View Change Close Search Select in List 15 miles 25 miles 50 miles Find My State State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ALS Assocation Search Close Search My State: View Change Close Search Select in List 15 miles 25 miles 50 miles Find My State State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Understanding ALS Navigating ALS Resources and Support Research Advocacy Get Involved Donate Compassion, Integrity, Urgency ALS is a progressive neurodegenerative disease and we need your help to find a cure. Learn More Learn about the disease Understanding ALS Find help for yourself or a loved one with ALS Get Resources Are you newly diagnosed? We can help. Get Started Committed to quality care services for the ALS community Resources for Navigating ALS Whether you are newly diagnosed, a military veteran, a caregiver, or someone looking to learn more about how to navigate living with ALS, we can help. Navigating ALS Local support in your area We offer a variety of local support, including programs such as equipment loans and referrals to local medical professionals. We can also help you find a local treatment center or clinic, or support group. Find Local Support Working tirelessly to push research forward We expedite the discovery of treatments and a cure for ALS. See our progress Advocating, Educating, Mobilizing We secure policy change at federal, state, and local levels to make ALS a livable disease for everyone, everywhere until we find a cure. Become an advocate My ALS Journey™ ALS follows no predictable path and adheres to no set timeline. Planning ahead helps to alleviate some of the chaos of change, but how do you know what to plan for or what questions to ask? My ALS Journey™ is an interactive, web-based tool that allows people living with ALS to take control of their journey with the disease. Get Started Our Mission: To discover treatments and a cure for ALS, and to serve, advocate for, and empower people affected by ALS to live their lives to the fullest. About The ALS Association Volunteer Volunteers help us provide services at chapters nationwide Donate Help us continue to help people with ALS by making a donation today. Get Involved There are many ways that you can help us in our fight against ALS. ALS Association Blog & News Browse all Posts Browse all News Articles ALS Association ALS Is a Rare Disease, But Sometimes Doesn’t Feel Like It February 29, 2024 ALS Association Fighting to Ensure Better Access to ALS Clinic Care for Everyone Who Needs It February 28, 2024 ALS Association Enhancing Mobility, Communication, and Quality of Life through Assistive Technology Research February 27, 2024 ALS Association Telling Her Story for Herself, and For the ALS Community February 23, 2024 ALS Assocation Our mission is to discover treatments and a cure for ALS, and to serve, advocate for, and empower people affected by ALS to live their lives to the fullest. Association Ratings: Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Pinterest About Us News Blog E-News Sign Up Contact Careers See the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge progress! ©2024 All content and works posted on this website are owned and copyrighted by The ALS Association (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Assn). Lou Gehrig® used with permission of the Rip Van Winkle Foundation. Sitemap Privacy Policy Link Policy