Reporting on Guns and Gun Violence in America - The Trace Skip to content Close The only newsroom dedicated to covering gun violence. Readers help sustain The Trace. Your tax-deductible donation will directly support our nonprofit journalism. Donate Now Investigating gun violence in America. How We Fix This The NRA Profiles Donate The Trace Menu Search Search Projects & Investigations The Industry The role of the gun industry in America’s gun violence epidemic. Ask The Trace Do you have questions about guns or gun violence in America? This is Ask The Trace, a question series driven by readers. Bang for the Buck The National Rifle Association is one of the most powerful special interest groups in America. We’re investigating how it spends its money. The Trajectory A newsletter spotlighting the people, policies, and programs grappling with the gun violence crisis. Ongoing Topics Community Violence Gun Policy The Business of Guns Law Enforcement Extremism Data Browse all topics Local Chicago Philadelphia About The Trace About Our team, our mission, our partners, and more. Plus: How to contact us. Donate We report stories that would go untold. Generous readers sustain our work. Newsletter Sign up now to get our latest stories and eye-opening briefings. Twitter Facebook Instagram Gun Laws Can Keep Domestic Violence Victims Safe — But They’re Under Unprecedented Threat The Trajectory Gun Laws Can Keep Domestic Violence Victims Safe — But They’re Under Unprecedented Threat A federal statute meant to protect domestic violence victims is being questioned in the Supreme Court, despite evidence that such measures can work. But the challenge could bring renewed attention to how state laws can fill in the gaps. Chip Brownlee What to Know Today Tuesday, March 5 Baltimore is suing the ATF for greater access to gun trace data, saying that officials can’t counter the illegal flow of firearms into the city without knowing where they come from. Read more Email Address The Weekly Briefing The Trajectory The Bulletin Chicago Philadelphia Subscribe Latest Seven States Move to Tax Guns and Ammo Gun Policy Seven States Move to Tax Guns and Ammo Maryland is among the states looking to follow California in taxing the gun industry to support hospitals, violence intervention programs, and services for victims of gun violence. Chip Brownlee A Reagan-Era Ban on Undetectable Firearms Is About to Expire. Will Congress Save It? Alain Stephens Three Decades After the Brady Bill, Some Gun Buyers Still Don’t Undergo Background Checks Jennifer Mascia Gary, Indiana, Begins to See Fewer Homicides as Community Leaders Band Together Maddy Franklin, Jenae Barnes, and Javonte Anderson K.G. Wilson refused to let young victims of gun violence be forgotten. Then a tragedy he didn’t anticipate changed everything. The Lost Children of North Minneapolis Read more More Featured Stories Storing Guns Safely Could Save Lives. Why Aren’t Americans Listening? Michael D. Anestis has been studying firearm death for nearly 15 years. In an interview with The Trace, he said it's time to change the narrative on risks. The Gun Industry Has a Suicide Problem White men like Bob Owens are the firearms industry’s most essential customers. But they keep turning their weapons on themselves. ‘The Gun Machine’: A Podcast About How America Was Forged by the Gun Industry A tale that most Americans never learned in history class — produced by WBUR and The Trace. An Atlas of American Gun Violence Nine years. 330,000 shootings. How has gun violence marked your corner of the country? Ask The Trace Do Gun Regulations Equal Fewer Shootings? Lessons From New England Ask The Trace Do Gun Regulations Equal Fewer Shootings? Lessons From New England Gun rights advocates often point to low rates of shootings in Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont to argue that you don’t need strong gun laws to keep violence in check. Here’s what the data actually reveals. Chip Brownlee Why Are Gun Ads So Uncommon? Champe Barton How Often Are AR-Style Rifles Used for Self-Defense? Jennifer Mascia Do Armed Guards Prevent School Shootings? Laura Esposito and Alex Yablon Philadelphia Local Reporting The Power of Shock: How a Philadelphia Activist Is Using a Casket to Prevent Gun Violence Mensah M. Dean Philadelphia Public Workers Face More Gun Violence, Even as Rates Decline Citywide Mensah M. Dean Reflecting on a Season of Growth in Philly Afea Tucker Philly’s Highest-Crime Neighborhoods Are Seeing a Significant Decline in Gun Violence Mensah M. Dean Chicago Local Reporting Brandon Johnson Is Making Progress on Gun Violence. But Some Chicagoans Still Feel Forgotten. Rita Oceguera Chicago Mayor Ends the City’s Use of ShotSpotter Justin Agrelo For Gun Violence Survivors, Winter Can Be Isolating — and Poignant Rita Oceguera Shooting Survivors, In Their Own Words Justin Agrelo Solutions This New York County Is Disarming Record Numbers of Potentially Dangerous People The Trajectory This New York County Is Disarming Record Numbers of Potentially Dangerous People Harnessing the state’s red flag law, Suffolk County has become a leader in the use of extreme risk protection orders. Its process could be a model for police nationwide. Chip Brownlee The Way We Define Mass Shootings Affects How We Respond Chip Brownlee Could International Pressure Ultimately Strengthen U.S. Gun Laws? Chip Brownlee Storing Guns Safely Could Save Lives. Why Aren’t Americans Listening? Fairriona Magee The NRA Trial The Unmasking of Wayne LaPierre Bang for the Buck The Unmasking of Wayne LaPierre The NRA corruption trial forced its former CEO to tell the truth about himself, as the curtain dropped on a three-decade act. Mike Spies Jury Finds the NRA, Wayne LaPierre Liable in Corruption Case Will Van Sant The IRS May Have Investigated the NRA, Document Suggests. What Happened? Will Van Sant New Recording Shows NRA Treasurer Plotting to Conceal Extravagant Expenses Involving Wayne LaPierre Mike Spies The only newsroom dedicated to reporting on gun violence. Your tax-deductible donation will directly support nonprofit journalism on gun violence and its effects on our communities. Become a Member The Trace Investigating gun violence in America. Newsletter Contact Us Facebook Twitter Instagram