DASH Home Toggle navigation Login Toggle navigation DASH Home JavaScript is disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it. Browse All of DASH Communities & Collections By Issue Date Author Title Keyword FAS Department Submitters Login Quick submit Waiver Generator About About DASH DASH Stories DASH FAQs Accessibility COVID-related Research Terms of Use Privacy Policy Statistics By Schools By Collections By Departments By Items By Country By Authors RSS Feeds RSS 1.0 RSS 2.0 Atom stop slideshow A Journalist's Story+ A Community College Instructor's Story+ A Doctoral Student's Story+ A Research Manager's Story+ DASH What is DASH? A central, open-access repository of research by members of the Harvard community. DASH enlarges the audience and impact of your work. Authors who deposit in DASH have access to on-demand metrics and receive monthly reports about their readership. Deposited works receive persistent URLs, are comprehensively indexed by search engines, including Google and Google Scholar, reach academic and non-academic readers who may not have access to the original publications, and are preserved by the Harvard Library. Making your work open access in DASH is as simple as completing our quick submit form. We also welcome bulk deposits and offer CV scraping services. Simply contact OSC if you are interested. OSC will do the legal legwork for all submissions. The OSC is pleased to offer a robust suite of services to support you and your scholarship. Visit our For Authors page to learn more. Trending Works Genome-Wide Interaction Analyses between Genetic Variants and Alcohol Consumption and Smoking for Risk of Colorectal Cancer ﻿ Gong, Jian; Hutter, Carolyn M.; Newcomb, Polly A.; Ulrich, Cornelia M.; Bien, Stephanie A.; Campbell, Peter T.; Baron, John A.; Berndt, Sonja I.; Bezieau, Stephane; Brenner, Hermann; Casey, Graham; Chan, Andrew T.; Chang-Claude, Jenny; Du, Mengmeng; Duggan, David; Figueiredo, Jane C.; Gallinger, Steven; Giovannucci, Edward L.; Haile, Robert W.; Harrison, Tabitha A.; Hayes, Richard B.; Hoffmeister, Michael; Hopper, John L.; Hudson, Thomas J.; Jeon, Jihyoun; Jenkins, Mark A.; Kocarnik, Jonathan; Küry, Sébastien; Le Marchand, Loic; Lin, Yi; Lindor, Noralane M.; Nishihara, Reiko; Ogino, Shuji; Potter, John D.; Rudolph, Anja; Schoen, Robert E.; Schrotz-King, Petra; Seminara, Daniela; Slattery, Martha L.; Thibodeau, Stephen N.; Thornquist, Mark; Toth, Reka; Wallace, Robert; White, Emily; Jiao, Shuo; Lemire, Mathieu; Hsu, Li; Peters, Ulrike (Public Library of Science, 2016) Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified many genetic susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer (CRC). However, variants in these loci explain only a small proportion of familial aggregation, and there are ... Consumption of Dairy Products and Colorectal Cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) ﻿ Murphy, Neil; Norat, Teresa; Ferrari, Pietro; Jenab, Mazda; Bueno-de-Mesquita, Bas; Skeie, Guri; Olsen, Anja; Tjønneland, Anne; Dahm, Christina C.; Overvad, Kim; Boutron-Ruault, Marie Christine; Clavel-Chapelon, Françoise; Nailler, Laura; Kaaks, Rudolf; Teucher, Birgit; Boeing, Heiner; Bergmann, Manuela M.; Trichopoulou, Antonia; Lagiou, Pagona; Trichopoulos, Dimitrios; Palli, Domenico; Pala, Valeria; Tumino, Rosario; Vineis, Paolo; Panico, Salvatore; Peeters, Petra H. M.; Dik, Vincent K.; Weiderpass, Elisabete; Lund, Eiliv; Garcia, Jose Ramon Quiros; Zamora-Ros, Raul; Pérez, Maria José Sánchez; Dorronsoro, Miren; Navarro, Carmen; Ardanaz, Eva; Manjer, Jonas; Almquist, Martin; Johansson, Ingegerd; Palmqvist, Richard; Khaw, Kay-Tee; Wareham, Nick; Key, Timothy J.; Crowe, Francesca L.; Fedirko, Veronika; Gunter, Marc J.; Riboli, Elio (Public Library of Science, 2013) Background: Prospective studies have consistently reported lower colorectal cancer risks associated with higher intakes of total dairy products, total milk and dietary calcium. However, less is known about whether the ... Joint Effects of Colorectal Cancer Susceptibility Loci, Circulating 25-Hydroxyvitamin D and Risk of Colorectal Cancer ﻿ Hiraki, Linda T.; Joshi, Amit D.; Ng, Kimmie; Fuchs, Charles S.; Ma, Jing; Hazra, Aditi; Peters, Ulrike; Karlson, Elizabeth W.; Giovannucci, Edward; Kraft, Peter; Chan, Andrew T. (Public Library of Science, 2014) Background: Genome wide association studies (GWAS) have identified several SNPs associated with colorectal cancer (CRC) susceptibility. Vitamin D is also inversely associated with CRC risk. Methods: We examined main and ... Human Exposures to Bisphenol A, Bisphenol F and Chlorinated Bisphenol A Derivatives and Thyroid Function ﻿ Andrianou, Xanthi D.; Gängler, Stephanie; Piciu, Andra; Charisiadis, Pantelis; Zira, Christina; Aristidou, Kyriacos; Piciu, Doina; Hauser, Russ; Makris, Konstantinos C. (Public Library of Science, 2016) Although the increasing prevalence of thyroid nodular disease (TND) has been partially attributed to the more frequent usage of improved diagnostics, environmental factors, such as exposures to thyroid-disrupting chemicals ... History Repeating? Avoiding a Return to the Pre-Antibiotic Age ﻿ Gottfried, Joseph (2005) Antibiotics are among the most important discoveries of medical science. Analysis of infectious disease mortality data from the U.S. government reveals that antibacterial agents may save over 200,000 American lives annually, ... A review of magnetic resonance imaging and diffusion tensor imaging findings in mild traumatic brain injury ﻿ Shenton, Martha Elizabeth; Hamoda, Hesham; Schneiderman, J. S.; Bouix, Sylvain; Pasternak, Ofer; Rathi, Yogesh; Vu, M.-A.; Purohit, Maulik Prafull; Helmer, Karl G.; Koerte, Inga Katharina; Lin, Alexander Peter; Westin, Carl-Fredrik; Kikinis, Ron; Kubicki, Marek R.; Stern, R. A.; Zafonte, Ross Dennis (Springer Science + Business Media, 2012) Mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), also referred to as concussion, remains a controversial diagnosis because the brain often appears quite normal on conventional computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging ... Discovery of Genetic Variation on Chromosome 5q22 Associated with Mortality in Heart Failure ﻿ Smith, J. Gustav; Felix, Janine F.; Morrison, Alanna C.; Kalogeropoulos, Andreas; Trompet, Stella; Wilk, Jemma B.; Gidlöf, Olof; Wang, Xinchen; Morley, Michael; Mendelson, Michael; Joehanes, Roby; Ligthart, Symen; Shan, Xiaoyin; Bis, Joshua C.; Wang, Ying A.; Sjögren, Marketa; Ngwa, Julius; Brandimarto, Jeffrey; Stott, David J.; Aguilar, David; Rice, Kenneth M.; Sesso, Howard D.; Demissie, Serkalem; Buckley, Brendan M.; Taylor, Kent D.; Ford, Ian; Yao, Chen; Liu, Chunyu; Sotoodehnia, Nona; van der Harst, Pim; Stricker, Bruno H. Ch.; Kritchevsky, Stephen B.; Liu, Yongmei; Gaziano, J. Michael; Hofman, Albert; Moravec, Christine S.; Uitterlinden, André G.; Kellis, Manolis; van Meurs, Joyce B.; Margulies, Kenneth B.; Dehghan, Abbas; Levy, Daniel; Olde, Björn; Psaty, Bruce M.; Cupples, L. Adrienne; Jukema, J. Wouter; Djousse, Luc; Franco, Oscar H.; Boerwinkle, Eric; Boyer, Laurie A.; Newton-Cheh, Christopher; Butler, Javed; Vasan, Ramachandran S.; Cappola, Thomas P.; Smith, Nicholas L. (Public Library of Science, 2016) Failure of the human heart to maintain sufficient output of blood for the demands of the body, heart failure, is a common condition with high mortality even with modern therapeutic alternatives. To identify molecular ... Life Course Socioeconomic Position and C-Reactive Protein: Mediating Role of Health-Risk Behaviors and Metabolic Alterations. The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil) ﻿ Camelo, Lidyane V.; Giatti, Luana; Neves, Jorge Alexandre Barbosa; Lotufo, Paulo A.; Benseñor, Isabela M.; Chor, Dóra; Griep, Rosane Härter; da Fonseca, Maria de Jesus Mendes; Vidigal, Pedro Guatimosim; Kawachi, Ichiro; Schmidt, Maria Inês; Barreto, Sandhi Maria (Public Library of Science, 2014) Background: Chronic inflammation has been postulated to be one mediating mechanism explaining the association between low socioeconomic position (SEP) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). We sought to examine the association ... Early Childhood Developmental Status in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: National, Regional, and Global Prevalence Estimates Using Predictive Modeling ﻿ McCoy, Dana Charles; Peet, Evan D.; Ezzati, Majid; Danaei, Goodarz; Black, Maureen M.; Sudfeld, Christopher R.; Fawzi, Wafaie; Fink, Günther (Public Library of Science, 2016) Background: The development of cognitive and socioemotional skills early in life influences later health and well-being. Existing estimates of unmet developmental potential in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) are ... A Doll’s House: Gender Performativity, Quest for Identity and Production Shifts Over Time ﻿ Insenga, Claudia (2022-02-03) This work details how Henrik Ibsen’s play A Doll’s House reveals social constructs, gender relations, and collective identity struggles. Ibsen depicts the awakening and liberation of Nora Helmer from her confined, domestic ... Recently Added Design Practice / Practice design ﻿ Luo, Tianjin (2024-02-28) The strategy, mission, and organization of architecture firms – here loosely defined as organizations that produce designs – have profound impacts on the outcome of the built environment. Because contemporary building ... The Third Typology: Architecture on the Bank of the Bengawan Solo ﻿ Suteja, Parama (2024-02-28) Indonesia has a wide range of vernacular architectural styles known as rumah adat. However, the passage of time and colonialism has caused a decline in the traditional rumah adat. The architectural landscape of the post-1940s ... Learning from the Wreck: Reframing Sentimentality ﻿ Gadsby, Theodore Walter (2024-02-28) Cape Cod is characterized by a cyclical churning of land. Over timescales of decades, the Atlantic shifts, erodes, and redeposits the sandy sediment from which the Cape is almost entirely composed, rapidly reshaping its ... View more Show Statistical Information e: osc@harvard.edu t: +1 (617) 495 4089 ‌Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License Except where otherwise noted, this work is subject to a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which allows anyone to share and adapt our material as long as proper attribution is given. For details and exceptions, see the Harvard Library Copyright Policy ©2022 Presidents and Fellows of Harvard College. Follow us on Twitter Contact Harvard Library Harvard University