iTWire - Technology News, Technology Jobs Australia A- A A+ Subscribe to Newsletter Advertise iTWire Home About iTWire About iTWire - Advertising, Sponsored Posts, Editorial & Press Releases About our News site Advertise in Newsletter Advertise on iTWire Advertising Specs Advertorials Commswire Subscription Contact CEO Contact Editor Current Webinars Interviews iTWire News Site Editor Lead Generation Newsletter Editor Our Journalists Press Releases Promotional News Reviews See Latest Newsletter Commswire Newsletter Example Sponsored News Webinar Promotion Zoom Interviews Your Tech Browse News Mobility Home Tech Wi-Fi Apps Internet of Things Entertainment & Gaming Business Browse News iTWire Marketing Networking Open Source Security & Cybersecurity Business Telecommunications Enterprise Solutions Print Solutions Hardware Storage & Cloud Storage Business Software Cloud Data Analytics & Artificial Intelligence Data Centres MVNO Managed Services Accounting Software Business Intelligence Industry Browse News Deals Channel News & Partnerships Cloud Accounting Enterprise Cloud Virtualisation Web Development & Front-End Development Telecoms & NBN Manufacturing & Logistics Web Hosting VoIP Strategy Listed Tech Market Application Performance CRM & Contact Center Apps People Browse News Career Coach Recruitment Not For Profit Education & Machine Learning People Moves CIO Trends Enterprise Staff Remote Working GOVT BROWSE NEWS Government Tech Policy Technology Regulation Technology Tenders Local Government Science Browse News Energy Climate Health Biology Automotive Space Water Resources Environment Mining Opinion Browse Open Sauce - Sam Varghese Core Dump - Stephen Withers Linux Distillery - David M Williams Whiskey Tango Foxtrot - David Heath Wired CIO - David M Williams Reviews Browse Computers & Peripherals Smartphones & Mobile Devices Software Networking Books Games Guest Articles Guest Opinion Guest Reviews Guest Interviews Webinars & Online Events Guest Research Company News CHANNELS ITWIRE TV YOU MUST ENABLED JS Featured IT News Apple unveils new M3-powered 13" and 15" MacBook Air models 05 March 2024 in Hardware Apple has updated its popular MacBook Air line, with the strikingly thin and light 13" and 15" models now imbued… nbn announces plans to turbo-charge high-speed tiers at no extra wholesale cost 05 March 2024 in Telecoms & NBN NBN Co has launched a proposal to provide download speeds five times faster than present, on its nbn Home Fast… Stellar Cyber appoints Orca Tech as Australian, NZ distributor 05 March 2024 in Market Open XDR cybersecurity platform provider Stellar Cyber has appointed Orcha Technology as its distributor for Australia and New Zealand. Sejal Patel Daswani appointed Deputy’s new Chief People Officer 05 March 2024 in People Moves Global people platform for managing hourly workers, Deputy, has appointed Sejal Patel Daswani as its new Chief People Officer. Optus gears up for stronger 5G penetration indoors 05 March 2024 in 5G Telecommunications company Optus announced it has tested wideband multi-operator Ericsson Radio Dot System to provide 5G connectivity indoors for Australian… Melbourne-founded healthcare startup Kismet gets $12.5m boost from new seed funding round 04 March 2024 in Health Kismet, a healthcare startup with a "unique community-engagement ecosystem" connecting caregivers, health insurance and healthcare providers from around the world,… LexisNexis unveils legal generative AI solution with Australian commercial preview 04 March 2024 in Strategy Legal information and analytics provider LexisNexis has announced the launch of the Australian commercial preview of Lexis+AI, a generative AI… Informatica launches cloud data Access Management 04 March 2024 in Enterprise Solutions Data access management provider Informatica is launching Cloud Data Access Management (CDAM), a solution based on its 2023 acquisition of… Launtel gains POI access in new Superloop deal 04 March 2024 in Telecoms & NBN Telco provider Launtel has picked Superloop to provide v-NNI and physical backhaul services to 118 nbn POI around Australia. Facebook says no renewal of media deals in Australia 01 March 2024 in Technology Regulation Facebook parent Meta has decided to pull the plug on Australian media deals it did three years ago, with the… ACCC supermarkets inquiry invites consumer, farmer and industry views 29 February 2024 in Strategy Australia’s competition watchdog the ACCC has asked Australian consumers to share information about how they shop and what they experience… Most common SMS scams sent to 7226 are parcel or delivery-related, Telstra finds 29 February 2024 in Business Telecoms Aussies have reported more than 250k potential SMS and MMS scams related to parcels or delivery to 7223 since May… DQA partners with Dickerson Digital and Microsoft to launch ‘first indigenous sovereign cloud’ 29 February 2024 in Cloud Service delivery partner DQA has collaborated with indigenous company Dickerson Digital and Microsoft to launch Australia’s first indigenous sovereign cloud. Akamai extending segmentation solution to hybrid cloud environments 29 February 2024 in Security Cloud company Akamai is extending its segmentation solution, Guardicore Segmentation, to hybrid cloud environments. Monash University commissioning electric vehicle charging stations across campuses 29 February 2024 in Strategy Monash University is commissioning state-of-the-art Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations across its campuses, marking a “significant step towards fostering sustainability”… Breaking IT News Oracle announces general availability of Oracle Globally Distributed Autonomous Database 05 March 2024 in Data Oracle's Globally Distributed Autonomous Database has reached general availability and can help organisations achieve the highest levels of scalability and… Synology to unveil modern enterprise data and security solutions at JuiceIT 2024 in Brisbane and Perth 05 March 2024 in Security Storage and networking hardware vendor Synology will be showcasing its enterprise-level products and solutions at JuiceIT 2024, at the Brisbane… Boost for research, investment and innovation for Australia’s biosecurity 05 March 2024 in Biology A landmark new initiative, Catalysing Australia's Biosecurity (CAB), will draw on cutting-edge technologies and digital systems to protect Australia’s native… ALE partners with Nexon to grow and develop local healthcare base 05 March 2024 in Health Communications, networking, and cloud solutions provider Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise (ALE) has partnered with Nexon Asia Pacific (Nexon) to ramp up the… How Savvy Seahorse lures unsuspecting victims to investment scams through Facebook ads 05 March 2024 in Security Automation and security company Infoblox’s report has revealed threat actor Savvy Seahorse, a perpetrator of online cybercriminal investment scam websites,… NASA to use Nikon’s HULC system for Artemis mission 05 March 2024 in Space Japanese optics and photographic equipment manufacturer Nikon’s Handheld Universal Lunar Camera (HULC) system will be used by NASA to support… Orro launches Securely Connected Everything podcast full of practical advice on setting up secure IT solutions 04 March 2024 in Security Secure network and digital infrastructure provider Orro has launched a new podcast featuring its CTO Michael van Rooyen speaking with… Fastly tightens Monoova’s security financial transactions 04 March 2024 in Security Australian payments automation provider Monoova has tapped edge cloud platform provider Fastly to provide it with enhanced transaction security for… See the Future at GTC 2024: NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang to Unveil Latest Breakthroughs in Accelerated Computing, Generative AI and Robotics 04 March 2024 in Data GUEST EVENTS: AI Leaders and Top Companies From Healthcare, Transportation, Financial Services, Telecom and Agriculture to Participate in First In-Person… LexisNexis previews legal gen AI solution 04 March 2024 in Business IT Legal information and analytics provider LexisNexis launched the Australian commercial preview of Lexis+AI, a generative AI solution that transforms legal… SpinTel launches referral program to help customers mitigate living costs 04 March 2024 in Telecoms & NBN Australian telco SpinTel has launched a referral program that rewards customers when they introduce to their friends or families the… Oppo's new Enco Buds2 Pro earbuds go on sale in Australia 04 March 2024 in Mobility New TWS earbuds, released by Chinese firm Oppo at the MWC in Barcelona last week, have gone on sale in… Reviews The WD Blue SN580 M.2 2280 PCIe 4.0 NVMe SSD brings new life to your PC By David M Williams One of the best value upgrades for your computer is to update its storage, and with the WD… in Computers & peripherals Streamline PyTorch Machine Learning Workflows with Cloudian and AWS Hybrid Edge By Cloudian Cloudian has announced an open-source software contribution that fuses PyTorch, the widely acclaimed machine learning library, with local Cloudian… in Software The Soundcore Space One headphones bring the goods but at a low price By David M Williams Soundcore is the audio arm of Anker Technologies, one of the largest Chinese peripherals and accessories companies by… in Computers & peripherals Bluetti AC2A, the compact power station that packs a punch, delivering simple and flexible options By Shane Murray BLUETTI continues to make its mark as a leader in the clean energy storage industry. Powering homes with… in Computers & peripherals The Feitian SlimTag gives flexible options to track your gear with the Find My network By David M Williams Feitian Technologies is well-known for its range of identity and access products, including FIDO2-based hardware tags. It's got… in Smartphones & Mobile devices Opinion Lower house Assange vote gives Albanese cover for inaction By Sam Varghese Nobody should be surprised that Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese and the Labor Party have suddenly come out… in Open Sauce Placing sanctions on Russian attacker is just a PR exercise By Sam Varghese What has the Australian Government achieved by placing sanctions on Russian attacker Aleksandr Ermakov for allegedly being the… in Open Sauce Clare O'Neil appears to be inspired by ransomware gangs By Sam Varghese Home Affairs Minister Clare O'Neil appears to have taken a leaf out of the book of ransomware outfits… in Open Sauce Cloud migration 101: how to plan, execute and optimise your cloud strategy By David M Williams Cloud computing is the new normal for many enterprises. Yet, there are companies still to embrace the cloud,… in The Wired CIO How to franchise your IT budget: a guide for CIOs By David M Williams As a CIO, you know the importance of technology for your organization’s success. You also know the challenges… in The Wired CIO No hacker will be able to improve security in industry By Sam Varghese In what can only be described as poor-quality spin, the US Government"s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency has… in Open Sauce Coalition's nuclear energy talk is just another diversionary tactic By Sam Varghese The constant talk by the federal Opposition about the need to embrace nuclear power as an option for… in Open Sauce As world remembers Nagasaki, O'Brien floats idea of nuclear power By Sam Varghese Whether by accident or design, federal Opposition climate change and energy spokesman Ted O'Brien chose to write an… in Open Sauce Red Hat pays to spruik its views on RHEL source code curbs By Sam Varghese Red Hat has given an indication of how desperate it is to spread its views, about the latest… in Open Sauce Telecommunications Launtel gains POI access in new Superloop deal By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Telco provider Launtel has picked Superloop to provide v-NNI and physical backhaul services to 118 nbn POI around… in Telecoms & NBN SpinTel launches referral program to help customers mitigate living costs By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Australian telco SpinTel has launched a referral program that rewards customers when they introduce to their friends or… in Telecoms & NBN nbn announces plans to turbo-charge high-speed tiers at no extra wholesale cost By David M Williams NBN Co has launched a proposal to provide download speeds five times faster than present, on its nbn… in Telecoms & NBN Popular News Akamai extending segmentation solution to hybrid cloud environments By Gordon Peters Cloud company Akamai is extending its segmentation solution, Guardicore Segmentation, to hybrid cloud environments. in Security WatchGuard Supercharges Australian Partner Momentum with Senior Victoria and Tasmania Partner Relationship Manager Appointment By WatchGuard Appointment reinforces company commitment to serving strategic partners, including Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs), resellers, integrators, and technology… in People Moves There's a new face in the top job at Snowflake as Sridhar Ramaswamy becomes CEO By David M Williams There's a new CEO at Snowflake, as former CEO Frank Slootman chooses to (again) enter semi-retirement. Slootman remains… in People Moves Nutanix strengthens Forever New’s IT infrastructure By Nutanix Melbourne-born fashion brand Forever New has deployed multicloud computing company Nutanix’s technology to support its maturing cloud strategy… in Business IT Hubbl on sale from 10 March 2024 as Foxtel solution to subscription fatigue By David M Williams Hubbl, the new entertainment device from Foxtel designed to unify all your streaming media subscriptions in one interface,… in Entertainment Facebook says no renewal of media deals in Australia By Sam Varghese Facebook parent Meta has decided to pull the plug on Australian media deals it did three years ago,… in Technology Regulation Monash University commissioning electric vehicle charging stations across campuses By Gordon Peters Monash University is commissioning state-of-the-art Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations across its campuses, marking a “significant step towards… in Strategy ACCC supermarkets inquiry invites consumer, farmer and industry views By Gordon Peters Australia’s competition watchdog the ACCC has asked Australian consumers to share information about how they shop and what… in Strategy Fastly tightens Monoova’s security financial transactions By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Australian payments automation provider Monoova has tapped edge cloud platform provider Fastly to provide it with enhanced transaction… in Security Most common SMS scams sent to 7226 are parcel or delivery-related, Telstra finds By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Aussies have reported more than 250k potential SMS and MMS scams related to parcels or delivery to 7223… in Business Telecoms Aussie Broadband proposal 'opportunistic and undervalued': Superloop By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Telco provider Superloop has turned down the $466 million conditional offer of Aussie Broadband to buy 19.9% of… in Business Telecoms Superloop to provide connection for Investa By Kenn Anthony Mendoza Commercial real estate and property group Investa has picked Superloop to be its telco infrastructure provider for more… in Business Telecoms Subscribe to Newsletter * Enter the security code shown: WEBINARS & EVENTS AWS, Google, Canva, NAB speakers headline at generative AI event EVENT INVITE: On 20 February, keynote addresses from NAB, Canva,… Enable announces inaugural APAC rebate strategy conference – Elevate GUEST EVENT: Enable, the leading rebate management platform, announced today… APAC marketer's meetup: being brave in business with Lisa Ronson GUEST EVENT: With competition building up to be even more… Mandiant reveals lineup for mWise event GUEST EVENT: Mandiant, now part of Google Cloud, today unveiled… RSA Identity Day! Be there in Sydney and Melbourne GUEST EVENT: Learn about the latest identity security innovations, how… CYBERSECURITY Synology to unveil modern enterprise data and security solutions at JuiceIT 2024 in Brisbane and Perth Storage and networking hardware vendor Synology will be showcasing its… How Savvy Seahorse lures unsuspecting victims to investment scams through Facebook ads Automation and security company Infoblox’s report has revealed threat actor… Orro launches Securely Connected Everything podcast full of practical advice on setting up secure IT solutions Secure network and digital infrastructure provider Orro has launched a… Fastly tightens Monoova’s security financial transactions Australian payments automation provider Monoova has tapped edge cloud platform… Akamai extending segmentation solution to hybrid cloud environments Cloud company Akamai is extending its segmentation solution, Guardicore Segmentation,… PEOPLE MOVES Sejal Patel Daswani appointed Deputy’s new Chief People Officer Global people platform for managing hourly workers, Deputy, has appointed… Dynatrace Names New Vice President for Asia Pacific and Japan Dynatrace (NYSE: DT), the leader in unified observability and security,… There's a new face in the top job at Snowflake as Sridhar Ramaswamy becomes CEO There's a new CEO at Snowflake, as former CEO Frank… WatchGuard Supercharges Australian Partner Momentum with Senior Victoria and Tasmania Partner Relationship Manager Appointment Appointment reinforces company commitment to serving strategic partners, including Managed… Melbourne-based Vudoo appoints former Google exec Billy Kinchin as chief product officer Melbourne-based adtech startup Vudoo has brought in Billy Kinchin as… GUEST ARTICLES Tenth annual Logicalis CIO Report 2024 finds 63% of Australian CIOs prioritise artificial intelligence GUEST RESEARCH: Logicalis, a leading global technology services provider, has… Absolute cyber resilience capabilities earn leadership position in Frost & Sullivan endpoint security radar COMPANY NEWS: Absolute Software, a global leader in enterprise cyber… Leveraging high-performance low-code application development and AI is helping Australian companies stay competitive as tough economic conditions start to bite GUEST OPINION: In an era marked by ever-evolving economic landscapes… Seven ways to help eliminate barriers to learning to improve accessibility GUEST OPINION: When organisations reduce the barriers to learning in… amaysim ‘slashes price’ on top smartphones COMPANY NEWS: Australia's award-winning mobile provider amaysim is excited to… iTWireTV: Rimini Street global head of Salesforce practice Jack Wagnon iTWireTV: Rimini Street global head of Salesforce practice Jack Wagnon… 41 million tons CO2 emissions avoided through TeamViewer software usage in a year, study estimates GUEST RESEARCH: TeamViewer’s remote connectivity solutions have a substantial positive… Exabeam introduces transformative unified workbench for security analysts with generative AI assistance COMPANY NEWS: Exabeam, a global cybersecurity leader that delivers AI-driven… TangoPay partners with Currencycloud to offer its clients remittance without boundaries COMPANY NEWS: Currencycloud, the experts simplifying business in a multi-currency… Informatica launches cloud data access management, the industry’s first AI-powered solution for data governance COMPANY NEWS: Informatica is launching Informatica Cloud Data Access Management… Guest Opinion Leveraging high-performance low-code application development and AI is helping Australian companies stay competitive as tough economic conditions start to bite GUEST OPINION: In an era marked by ever-evolving economic landscapes… Seven ways to help eliminate barriers to learning to improve accessibility GUEST OPINION: When organisations reduce the barriers to learning in… Why clinical trial patient recruitment software matters GUEST OPINION: In the evolving realm of healthcare, technological advancements… The gender gap in cybersecurity and technology GUEST OPINION: Women in cybersecurity and technology are still often… How to improve productivity and efficiency: Top tips for small businesses GUEST OPINION: The internet is bursting with all kinds of… Why Having an Observability Strategy is Critical for Effective AI Adoption GUEST OPINION: Artificial intelligence (AI) tools are already delivering significant benefits… 6 steps for the APS to safely adopt generative AI GUEST OPINION: What do Morgan Stanley’s wealth management division and… QR code phishing attacks (quishing): What to know and how to stay secure GUEST OPINION: If you immediately think of email when you… Why taking a customer-centric approach to cybersecurity incident response is critical to maintain customer trust GUEST OPINION: Cybersecurity is no longer just an IT issue;… Cybersecurity is your defensive strategy, cyber resilience is your business GUEST OPINION: The recent mass exploitation of critical vulnerabilities in… ITWIRETV & INTERVIEWS iTWireTV: Rimini Street global head of Salesforce practice Jack Wagnon iTWireTV: Rimini Street global head of Salesforce practice Jack Wagnon… Elastic's Gavin Jones speaks to iTwire about Search Analytics at ElasticON conference GUEST INTERVIEW: Elastic's Area VP for Australia and New Zealand,… iTwire interviews Matt Riley from Elastic GUEST INTERVIEW: Matt Riley from Elastic talks to iTwire about… iTWireTV and Seagate executive vice president and chief commercial officer B.S. Teh iTWireTV: Today we speak with Seagate executive vice president and chief… iTWireTV - HPE Aruba Networking APJ SASE director Nick Harders iTWireTV: Today, we speak with HPE Aruba Networking APJ SASE director… RESEARCH & CASE STUDIES Tenth annual Logicalis CIO Report 2024 finds 63% of Australian CIOs prioritise artificial intelligence GUEST RESEARCH: Logicalis, a leading global technology services provider, has… 41 million tons CO2 emissions avoided through TeamViewer software usage in a year, study estimates GUEST RESEARCH: TeamViewer’s remote connectivity solutions have a substantial positive… Channel News MMT to distribute Vertiv’s solutions Multimedia Technology (MMT) has been named as distributor of Vertiv’s… Net App, Aston Martin Aramco Formula One Team renew partnership The Aston Martin Aramco Formula One Team and NetApp, the… Comments Re: iTWire - Telstra reports profit for first half of fiscal 2024, NAS arm disappoints I still think they lack a plan for NAS in general. Re: iTWire - US claims WikiLeaks founder's case not politically motivated Give me a break! If the case wasn't politically motivated, why has every president and many prospective presidents had a[…] Re: iTWire - Lower house Assange vote gives Albanese cover for inaction Hello Sam. I think after hearing Albanese and Geoffrey Robertson talking about this topic of ABC Sydney Radio (not together),[…] Re: iTWire - Lower house Assange vote gives Albanese cover for inaction That is not what the Age article you referred to said (and I'm going on that)."Mr Howard met Mr Cheney[…] Re: iTWire - Lower house Assange vote gives Albanese cover for inaction That is incorrect. Howard's ratings were being affected and he wanted Hicks freed to get the numbers back up.Labor has[…] Home Latest NewsYour IT Business IT IT Industry NEWSLETTERMAGAZINEIT People Government RSS empty YOU MUST ENABLED JS Services Promotional News & Content Sponsored Announcements Self Posting JobZilla IT Jobs See Newsletter Our Journalists Company About Contact Advertising Specs Advertise NOW Privacy Editorial Guidlines& Complaints Handling Sitemap Connect FacebookTwitter Cloud Hosting by Digital Pacific ×