ExtremeTech Aerospace Cars Computing Defense Electronics Energy Gaming Phones Science Security Aerospace Cars Computing Defense Deals Electronics Energy Gaming Phones Science Security Shop(Opens in a new window) Dwarf Galaxies May Be Responsible for Making the Universe Transparent Scientists used the Webb telescope and a natural gravity mirror to probe the 'era of reionization.' Get Productive With a Lifetime of Office Pro 2021 for Under $45 MIT Study Unlocks Original Mars Rock Orientations Cheese Byproduct Helps Scientists Extract Gold From E-Waste AMD Will Switch to AI-Powered Upscaling for Gaming in 2024: Exec More Stories Apple Finally Adds M3 Chip to Its MacBook Air Lineup The company says it's up to 60% faster than the M1 version. 19 hours ago By Josh Norem Ransomware Ring Hits Pharmaceutical Industry, Limiting Drug Access for Millions of Americans ALPHV, a Russian-speaking ransomware gang, is thought to have disabled a network responsible for directing insurance claims to pharmacies. 21 hours ago By Adrianna Nine HP’s 'All-In' Printer Rental Watches Everything You Print, Tells HP All About It It supposedly doesn't monitor the contents of your pages, but it knows just about everything else. 22 hours ago By Adrianna Nine Save $30 on Over 200 Atari Games With This Officially Licensed Console Upgrade that old-school console with wireless controllers, HDMI, and more. 22 hours ago By StackSocial HDMI Forum Kills AMD's Open Source Linux Driver Linux power users will just have to move to DisplayPort. 23 hours ago By Ryan Whitwam Intel Expects to Sell 100 Million CPUs for AI PCs by 2025 An Intel executive is projecting sizable growth for this nascent category of home computers. 03/04/2024 By Josh Norem Where Is Area 51, and What's Going on There? A lot of secrecy surrounds Area 51, but we at least know where it's located. We do know some other things, too. 03/03/2024 By Adrianna Nine SpaceX Starship, Explained: What You Need to Know About Elon Musk's Biggest Project of Them All The Falcon 9 was the first rocket to perfect propulsive landing, but to reach distant, exotic locales like Mars and the outer planets, you need something with a little more oomph. That's the SpaceX Starship. 03/02/2024 By Ryan Whitwam NASA Tests Docking Port on SpaceX's Starship Lunar Lander Starship HLS is one step closer to reality. 03/01/2024 By Ryan Whitwam World's Smallest Water-Cooled PC With Discrete Graphics Is Cute, Powerful The 'vertical shoebox' design sports an Intel Core Ultra CPU and an RTX 4060. 03/01/2024 By Josh Norem 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Loading... Sign Up This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of use(Opens in a new window) and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Thanks for Signing Up More Articles Big Smart Security Deals: 50% Off Blink Cameras 03/01/2024 Microsoft Adds a Ton of New Features to AI Copilot for Windows 11 03/01/2024 When Is the Next Full Moon? 03/01/2024 Webb Telescope Reveals Skeleton of a Stunning, Solitary Galaxy 03/01/2024 Intel, ASML Announce 'First Light' for World's First High-NA Lithography Machine 03/01/2024 Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Loading... Sign Up This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of use(Opens in a new window) and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Thanks for Signing Up Aerospace Cars Computing Defense Electronics Energy Gaming Phones Science Security Deals Shop(Opens in a new window) (Opens in a new window) Ziffmedia Logo (Opens in a new window) Askmen Logo (Opens in a new window) IGN Logo (Opens in a new window) Lifehacker Logo (Opens in a new window) Mashable Logo (Opens in a new window) Offers Logo (Opens in a new window) PCMag Logo (Opens in a new window) RetailMeNot Logo (Opens in a new window) Speedtest Logo (Opens in a new window) Group Black Logo ExtremeTech supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 2001-2024 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a federally registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of ExtremeTech. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant. About Ziff Davis (Opens in a new window) Privacy Policy (Opens in a new window) Terms of Use (Opens in a new window) Advertise (Opens in a new window) Accessibility (Opens in a new window) Do Not Sell My Personal Information (Opens in a new window) About ExtremeTech Contact Us Editorial Guidelines AdChoices Image AdChoices (Opens in a new window) TRUSTe Logo (Opens in a new window) Better Business Bureau (BBB) Logo