MovableType.org Not a developer? Go to MovableType.com MovableType.org Get Started Documentation Plugins News About Feedback What is Movable Type? Movable Type was created by a husband and wife team with a single purpose: to create a powerful solution for the creation and management of web content. An originator of the blogging field, Movable Type offers stability, a user-friendly interface, and beautifully extensive visual customization for websites and blogs. Learn More Buy Now Get Started New to Movable Type? Head over to Get Started to learn all you need to know. Start Here! Documentation We are constantly improving our documentation so you can quickly get started building websites and applications. Documentation Plugins Once you're up and running, head over to the Plugin Directory to find plugins that will help you extend Movable Type. Plugin and Theme Directory Latest Movable Type News November 1, 2023 Movable Type 8 Released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox. We are pleased to announce the release of Movable Type 8.0.2, which is the latest major version…. Read More October 24, 2023 Movable Type 7 r.5501 (7.902.0): Security Update By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox. Movable Type 7 r.5501 (7.902.0) released…. Read More June 14, 2023 Movable Type 7 r.5404 (v7.9.9) released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox. Movable Type 7 r.5404 (v7.9.9) released…. Read More April 19, 2023 Movable Type AMI Edition for Amazon Linux 2023 released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox. We are pleased to announce the release of Movable Type AM Edition based on Amazon Linux 2023 (AL2023). The Movable Type AMI based on Amazon Linux 2023 has the following features and changes, compared to the currently available AMI based on Amazon Linux 2 (AL2). Major features Movable Type 7 r.5402 (7.9.7-2) and related packages are installed based on AL2023 and configured to work immediately after launch Both the Apache httpd and the nginx web servers are now supported in an AMI. It is configured with Apache httpd by default. You can switch the web server with /app/tools/switch-webserver command, which is newly added. Enables to switch web servers and set some Movable Type Configuration Directives at launching via EC2 instance user data. You can change the default language and database setting in the beginning. Installs pre-configured policies for running Movable Type under SELinux. The policies are included in the package movabletype-selinux, which is provided with the package movabletype, and contains rules for Movable Type to work with the default files and directory structures, including the related packages such as httpd / mysqld…. Read More March 1, 2023 Movable Type 7 r.5402-1 (v7.9.7-1) updated (AMI only) By Daiji Hirata and posted in News. Movable Type 7 r.5402-1 (v7.9.7-1) released only AMI Edition via AWS Marketplace. This version fixes a problem around IMDS enabling especially IMDSv2…. Read More View The Blog Movable Type Plugins Featured Popular Newest Website & Blog Organizer This plugin for Movable Type makes it easy to reorganize the website and blog hierarchy. This can be especially useful after upgrading from Movable Type 4, before websites were introduced. Dan Wolfgang NotifyWho?! The NotifyWho?! plugin enables you to control exactly who should receive entry, comment and TrackBack notifications for each blog and when. Jay Allen Publish Queue Manager This plugin provides a simple user interface in the Movable Type administrative system to view, change priority, and delete publishing jobs from the built-in “Publish Queue” system — a system by which files are published in the background. Keeping an eye on what is publishing is a great way to understand what is happening at any given time! Byrne Reese Ghostwriter Ghostwriter is a Movable Type plugin that adds a control to change the author on Edit Entry and Edit Page screens. Perfect when the person entering or editing content is not the user to be specified as the author. Documentation… Beau Smith Locksmith A plugin for Movable Type which prevents entries and templates from being edited by more than one user at the same time. Byrne Reese FiscalYearlyArchives The fiscal yearly archive is added. Starting month can be specificated every site. Default starting month is April…. Taitetsu GoogleOpenIDConnect This plugin provides commenter authentication mechanism by Google OpenID Connect…. Movable Type Picasa Express Easily insert photos from Picasa Web Albums into blog entries. This plugin also wraps images in some HTML to accommodate a caption for nicer display given proper CSS styles…. Charlie Gorichanaz AssetDialogAuthorFilter Limit assets in selection dialog to those uploaded by the logged in user…. bit part FastestPreview This plugin enables Movable Type to synchronize preview and editing screens…. Taku AMANO View All Plugins About MovableType.com Features Purchase Product Registration Documentation Documentation Overview Administrator's Guide Author's Guide Designers's Guide Plugin Developer's Guide Product Life Cycle Policy News News Blog Release Notes Contact Copyright © 2023, Six Apart Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy