LiveRamp: The Data Collaboration Platform of Choice /LiveRamp Platform Solutions Solutions Consumer Data Strategy Build out a robust consumer data strategy Enterprise Identity Create a unified customer view with enterprise identity Marketing Impact Maximize marketing impact and innovation across the advertising ecosystem Cross-Screen Measurement & Analytics Power strategic advertising decisions with comprehensive cross-screen measurement and analytics Media Networks Unlock the brand-building power of media networks By Department Marketing Information Security Data & Analytics Developers Privacy & Legal Compliance By Industry Media & Advertising CPG Retail Technology Platforms Financial Services Customer Stories Resources Resource Center Explore our content library for resources, videos and case studies. Blog The latest industry-related insights, tips and trends to stay ahead of the market. LiveRamp University Learn about our on-demand training, and custom education sessions for LiveRamp products. RampUp 2024 Be a part of the world's premier data collaboration event, RampUp 2024! Join us in San Francisco, Feb 27-29. Ideabook 20 Ways to Maximize the Value of Your Media Network Download Now Partners Partner Overview Find out more about our partnerships and the value they can unlock for your business. Partner Discovery Explore and discover the perfect partners for your use case. Partner Directory View a list of partners from the world’s leading technology platforms and providers of data, media and services. Partner Discovery Experience Unlock the power of LiveRamp and our partner ecosystem. Discover Partner Solutions Company About Us Leadership Press & News Events Investors RampUp 2024 LiveRamp Ventures Careers Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging LiveRamp.org Data Ethics & Privacy Be a part of the world's premier data collaboration event, RampUp 2024! Join us in San Francisco, Feb. 27-29. Register Now Toogle search bar US AU BR CN DE ES FR IT JP UK Login Talk to an Expert LiveRamp Launches Unified Data Collaboration Platform Featuring Composable Technology Learn More → Hide announcement bar Pause video Play video Unlock a new world of opportunities with data collaboration Meet the industry’s only interoperable platform for data collaboration across all cloud, walled garden, and media platforms. Unite data and reveal powerful insights with every collaboration. Watch Video Talk to an Expert Trusted by the world’s most innovative companies Why do the world’s most innovative companies choose LiveRamp? 900+ global customers, including many of the Fortune 500, trust LiveRamp with their data The Right Foundation Own your future. Tap into groundbreaking strategies in data privacy, data ethics, and enterprise identity. Responsibly connect and power your entire business ecosystem. Flexible Collaboration Collaborate with confidence, wherever data lives – across any platform or cloud to minimize data movement. Support the widest possible range of data collaboration use cases. Premier Global Ecosystem Activate across the industry’s most expansive network of 650+ partners – including Disney, Hulu, Pinterest, Snapchat, Spotify, and TikTok – for unprecedented scale. Expand your reach – and potential. Find the solution that’s right for your business. consumer data strategy Shed new light on your customers with access to the right data and partnerships Limited first-party data limiting your customer understanding? Complete the picture with trusted new data sources and build a consumer data strategy that can grow with you. learn more Enterprise Identity Break down data silos with a consistent identity framework, customized to your rules Customer data scattered across the business? Connect the dots with a unified, enterprise-wide customer view to ensure accuracy and protect privacy everywhere it matters. LEARN MORE Marketing Impact Reach your most valuable customers wherever they are spending time, anywhere in the world Struggling with signal loss? Step into the future with onboarding and activation that maximize marketing impact across the rapidly evolving advertising ecosystem. LEARN MORE Cross-Screen Measurement & Analytics Understand your media performance in a whole new way Puzzling over which media investments are actually working? Power strategic decisions across all forms of advertising, from social media and programmatic to CTV. LEARN MORE Media Networks Build a high-performing media network Ready to create more value from your first-party data? Unlock the brand-building power of media networks to fuel growth while deepening customer loyalty. LEARN MORE Our customers don’t just dream innovation, they own it. Consumer Data Strategy Enterprise Identity Marketing Impact Cross-Screen Measurement & Analytics Media Networks Consumer Data Strategy Danone boosts customer intelligence and reach Danone partnered with retailers to augment its limited customer data, uncovering previously unavailable insights, optimizing activations, and propelling growth. LEARN MORE Enterprise Identity NBCUniversal unites data globally to drive innovation NBCUniversal leverages enterprise identity and internal data collaboration to see customers in a new light and power impactful innovation. LEARN MORE Marketing Impact Pinterest connects brands with VIP customers Pinterest uses data collaboration to help brand partners reach their ideal customers and deliver personalized experiences while proving out media investments. LEARN MORE Cross-Screen Measurement & Analytics McDonald’s improves media measurement and ROI McDonald’s created an enterprise-wide customer view, improving media performance and revealing new insights. LEARN MORE Media Networks Sam’s Club fuels its flywheel with a media network Sam’s Club evolved its rich first-party data into a media network, delighting members, strengthening partnerships, and fueling the business flywheel. LEARN MORE Launch a new era of growth with data collaboration Create deeper connections and greater brand value by connecting your data for better customer insights. The future is data collaboration. TALK TO AN EXPERT /LiveRamp PlatformPlatform Overview SolutionsConsumer Data Strategy Enterprise Identity Marketing Impact Cross-Screen Measurement & Analytics Media Networks Marketing Data & Analytics Privacy & Legal Compliance Information Security Developers Media & Advertising Retail CPG Tech Platforms Financial Services Measurement Services ResourcesResources Marketing Innovation Blog Developer Blog Customer Stories LiveRamp University LiveRamp Community RampUp PartnersPartners Overview Partner Directory Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Platform Snowflake CompanyAbout Careers Contact Us Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Data Ethics & Privacy Press & News Events LiveRamp.org Investors US AU BR CN DE ES FR IT JP UK About Ads Privacy California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Opt Out Sitemap User Feedback Report a Bug LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube