Florida Atlantic University | Florida Atlantic University FLORIDA ATLANTIC UNIVERSITY students faculty/staff alumni families apply visit give admissionsacademicsresearchcampus lifeathletics The Owl Family continues to grow with more than 204,000 members strong. At Florida AtlanticYour Future Awaits Learn More Search our programs Request info Visit our campuses Learn More This isn’t just a campus - it's a Coastline Spanning 110 miles of Southeast Florida's coast, FAU fosters a vibrant culture that encourages ingenuity and independence. Determination runs deep at Florida Atlantic, and students learn early that if they dream it - we've got the tools to help them achieve it. YOUR FUTURE AWAITS 6,000+ undergraduate research activities #1 most diverse public university in florida 4,000+ Internship Placements 28 Combined Bachelor’s to Master’s Degree Programs About FAU NEWSALL NEWS03/05/2024Stiles-Nicholson Brain Institute Presents 'Insights at the Institute'READ03/05/2024FAU Receives ACE/Fidelity Investments AwardREAD03/04/2024FAU/Mainstreet Research Super Tuesday Poll: Trump Likely to Sweep DayREAD03/04/2024Study Shows Social Factors of Low U.S. Breast Cancer ScreeningREAD #FAU Follow us: facebook twitter instagram STUDENT STORIES First and Proud Yenileisy, like many Florida Atlantic University students, is the first in her family to attend a four-year university. Originally from Caibarién, Cuba, her family moved to the United States in search of better opportunities for both their children. As a result of their many sacrifices and consistent support, she attributes her accomplishments thus far to both her parents and older sister, Yesenia. Inspired by her academic journey and her Father, Yenileisy intends to pursue Law in hopes to work for the United Nations. more fau stories Current Weather82°F College with a view Florida Atlantic's strategic relationships connect students with relevant experiences throughout South Florida, allowing them to build their resumes while enjoying a sub-tropical climate. EXPLORE FAU'S CAMPUSES Florida Atlantic University 777 Glades Road Boca Raton, FL 33431 Campuses Boca Raton Dania Beach Davie Fort Lauderdale Harbor Branch Jupiter Resources Academic Calendar Employment Opportunities Program Search Parking Report a Concern Transcripts Info Contact Us Directory Emergency & Safety FAU Schools Media Social facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin Search Programs Request Info Visit Our Campuses Florida Atlantic University embodies a culture of strategic and collaborative community engagement that results in mutual benefit to the institution and the diverse internal and external communities that it serves. 2024 Florida Atlantic University Privacy Policy Regulations & Policies Consumer Information Employment Opportunities Get Help Site Index Accessibility Public Records ©