Rust Programming Language Install Learn Playground Tools Governance Community Blog Language English (en-US) Español (es) Français (fr) Italiano (it) 日本語 (ja) Português (pt-BR) Русский (ru) Türkçe (tr) 简体中文 (zh-CN) 正體中文 (zh-TW) Rust A language empowering everyone to build reliable and efficient software. Get Started Version 1.76.0 Why Rust? Performance Rust is blazingly fast and memory-efficient: with no runtime or garbage collector, it can power performance-critical services, run on embedded devices, and easily integrate with other languages. Reliability Rust’s rich type system and ownership model guarantee memory-safety and thread-safety — enabling you to eliminate many classes of bugs at compile-time. Productivity Rust has great documentation, a friendly compiler with useful error messages, and top-notch tooling — an integrated package manager and build tool, smart multi-editor support with auto-completion and type inspections, an auto-formatter, and more. Build it in Rust In 2018, the Rust community decided to improve the programming experience for a few distinct domains (see the 2018 roadmap). For these, you can find many high-quality crates and some awesome guides on how to get started. Command Line Whip up a CLI tool quickly with Rust’s robust ecosystem. Rust helps you maintain your app with confidence and distribute it with ease. Building Tools WebAssembly Use Rust to supercharge your JavaScript, one module at a time. Publish to npm, bundle with webpack, and you’re off to the races. Writing Web Apps Networking Predictable performance. Tiny resource footprint. Rock-solid reliability. Rust is great for network services. Working On Servers Embedded Targeting low-resource devices? Need low-level control without giving up high-level conveniences? Rust has you covered. Starting With Embedded Rust in production Hundreds of companies around the world are using Rust in production today for fast, low-resource, cross-platform solutions. Software you know and love, like Firefox, Dropbox, and Cloudflare, uses Rust. From startups to large corporations, from embedded devices to scalable web services, Rust is a great fit. My biggest compliment to Rust is that it's boring, and this is an amazing compliment. – Chris Dickinson, Engineer at npm, Inc All the documentation, the tooling, the community is great - you have all the tools to succeed in writing Rust code. – Antonio Verardi, Infrastructure Engineer Learn More Get involved Read Rust We love documentation! Take a look at the books available online, as well as key blog posts and user guides. Read the book Watch Rust The Rust community has a dedicated YouTube channel collecting a huge range of presentations and tutorials. Watch the Videos Contribute code Rust is truly a community effort, and we welcome contribution from hobbyists and production users, from newcomers and seasoned professionals. Come help us make the Rust experience even better! Read Contribution Guide Thanks Rust would not exist without the generous contributions of time, work, and resources from individuals and companies. We are very grateful for the support! Individuals Rust is a community project and is very thankful for the many community contributions it receives. See individual contributors Corporate sponsors The Rust project receives support from companies through the Rust Foundation. See Foundation members Get help! Documentation Rust Forge (Contributor Documentation) Ask a Question on the Users Forum Language English (en-US) Español (es) Français (fr) Italiano (it) 日本語 (ja) Português (pt-BR) Русский (ru) Türkçe (tr) 简体中文 (zh-CN) 正體中文 (zh-TW) Terms and policies Code of Conduct Licenses Logo Policy and Media Guide Security Disclosures Privacy Notice All Policies Social Maintained by the Rust Team. See a bug? File an issue! Looking for the previous website?