Morgan Stanley | Global Leader in Financial Services Investor Relations Media Relations Client Login Client Login Morgan Stanley Online Morgan Stanley at Work Research Portal Matrix Morgan Stanley Online Morgan Stanley at Work Research Portal Matrix Our Insights Our Insights Personal Finance Market Trends Technology & Disruption Sustainability Diversity & Inclusion STAY UP TO DATE Sign Up For Our Newsletter Listen To Our Podcasts At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Personal Finance Learn from our industry leaders about how to manage your wealth and help meet your personal financial goals. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Market Trends From volatility and geopolitics to economic trends and investment outlooks, stay informed on the key developments shaping today's markets. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Technology & Disruption Whether it’s hardware, software or age-old businesses, everything today is ripe for disruption. Stay abreast of the latest trends and developments. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Sustainability Our insightful research, advisory and investing capabilities give us unique and broad perspective on sustainability topics. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Diversity & Inclusion Multicultural and women entrepreneurs are the cutting-edge leaders of businesses that power markets. Hear their stories and learn about how they are redefining the terms of success. Featured Sustainable Funds Beating Peers in 2023 INSTITUTE FOR SUSTAINABLE INVESTING Globalization Makes Way for a Multipolar World Research Why Investors Should Track El Niño Investing What We Do What We Do Wealth Management Investment Banking & Capital Markets Sales & Trading Research Investment Management Morgan Stanley at Work Sustainable Investing Inclusive Ventures Group Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Wealth Management We help people, businesses and institutions build, preserve and manage wealth so they can pursue their financial goals. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Investment Banking & Capital Markets We have global expertise in market analysis and in advisory and capital-raising services for corporations, institutions and governments. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Sales & Trading Global institutions, leading hedge funds and industry innovators turn to Morgan Stanley for sales, trading and market-making services. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Research We offer timely, integrated analysis of companies, sectors, markets and economies, helping clients with their most critical decisions. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Investment Management We deliver active investment strategies across public and private markets and custom solutions to institutional and individual investors. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Morgan Stanley at Work We provide comprehensive workplace financial solutions for organizations and their employees, combining personalized advice with modern technology. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Sustainable Investing We offer scalable investment products, foster innovative solutions and provide actionable insights across sustainability issues. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Inclusive Ventures Group From our startup lab to our cutting-edge research, we broaden access to capital for diverse entrepreneurs and spotlight their success. About Us About Us Core Values Leadership History Locations Diversity Sustainability Giving Back Technology Sponsorships Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Core Values Everything we do at Morgan Stanley is guided by our five core values: Do the right thing, put clients first, lead with exceptional ideas, commit to diversity and inclusion, and give back. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Leadership Morgan Stanley leadership is dedicated to conducting first-class business in a first-class way. Our board of directors and senior executives hold the belief that capital can and should benefit all of society. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. History From our origins as a small Wall Street partnership to becoming a global firm of more than 80,000 employees today, Morgan Stanley has been committed to clients and communities for 87 years. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Locations The global presence that Morgan Stanley maintains is key to our clients' success, giving us keen insight across regions and markets, and allowing us to make a difference around the world. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Diversity Morgan Stanley is differentiated by the caliber of our diverse team. Our culture of access and inclusion has built our legacy and shapes our future, helping to strengthen our business and bring value to clients. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Sustainability Our firm's commitment to sustainability informs our operations, governance, risk management, diversity efforts, philanthropy and research. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Giving Back At Morgan Stanley, giving back is a core value—a central part of our culture globally. We live that commitment through long-lasting partnerships, community-based delivery and engaging our best asset—Morgan Stanley employees. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Technology As a global financial services firm, Morgan Stanley is committed to technological innovation. We rely on our technologists around the world to create leading-edge, secure platforms for all our businesses. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Sponsorships At Morgan Stanley, we believe creating a more equitable society begins with investing in access, knowledge and resources to foster potential for all. We are committed to supporting the next generation of leaders and ensuring that they reflect the diversity of the world they inherit. Why Us Why Us Why Morgan Stanley How We Can Help Building a Future We Believe In Get Started Stay in the Know For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals. Why Morgan Stanley At Morgan Stanley, we focus the expertise of the entire firm—our advice, data, strategies and insights—on creating solutions for our clients, large and small. For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals. How We Can Help We have the experience and agility to partner with clients from individual investors to global CEOs. See how we can help you work toward your goals—even as they evolve over years or generations. For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals. Building a Future We Believe In At Morgan Stanley, we put our beliefs to work. We lead with exceptional ideas, prioritize diversity and inclusion and find meaningful ways to give back—all to contribute to a future that benefits our clients and communities. For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals. Get Started Meet one of our Financial Advisors and see how we can help you. For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals. Stay in the Know Get the latest insights, analyses and market trends in our newsletter, podcasts and videos. Careers Careers Students & Graduates Opportunities Experienced Professionals Opportunities Technology Professionals Experienced Financial Advisors We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Students & Graduates A career at Morgan Stanley means belonging to an ideas-driven culture that embraces new perspectives to solve complex problems. See how you can make meaningful contributions as a student or recent graduate at Morgan Stanley. We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Experienced Professionals At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find trusted colleagues, committed mentors and a culture that values diverse perspectives, individual intellect and cross-collaboration. See how you can continue your career journey at Morgan Stanley. We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Experienced Financial Advisors At Morgan Stanley, our premier brand, robust resources and market leadership can offer you a new opportunity to grow your practice and continue to fulfill on your commitment to deliver tailored wealth management advice that helps your clients reach their financial goals. Featured Explore Our Culture Careers Yes, You Can Be a Tech Innovator at Morgan Stanley Technology CLEAR Research Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom 2024 Thoughts on the Market Hedging in a Robust Equity Market Wealth Management The Case for International Stocks EXPLORE MORE What We Do At Morgan Stanley, clients come first. We help individuals, families, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goalsExplore Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Investment Banking & Capital Markets Sales & Trading Research Investment Management Morgan Stanley at Work Sustainable Investing Inclusive Ventures Group We help people, businesses and institutions build, preserve and manage wealth so they can pursue their financial goals. Wealth Management Wealth Management Get in the Game We have global expertise in market analysis and in advisory and capital-raising services for corporations, institutions and governments. Investment Banking & Capital Markets Technology & Disruption 5 Technology Investing Trends for 2023 Global institutions, leading hedge funds and industry innovators turn to Morgan Stanley for sales, trading and market-making services. Sales & Trading Sustainable Investing How Bonds Can Help Cities Manage Extreme Weather We offer timely, integrated analysis of companies, sectors, markets and economies, helping clients with their most critical decisions. Research Research Why Strong Brands Can Weather Uncertain Times We provide specialized investment strategies across a range of asset classes, in public and private markets, to help investors worldwide achieve their investment goals. Investment Management Investment Management Understanding and Investing in Private Equity Secondaries We provide comprehensive workplace financial solutions for organizations and their employees, combining personalized advice with modern technology. Morgan Stanley at Work Morgan Stanley at Work Listen in to "Invested at Work" Podcast We offer sustainable investment products, foster innovative solutions and provide actionable insights across sustainability issues. Sustainable Investing Institute for Sustainable Investing ESG Opportunities for Asset Managers From our startup lab to our cutting-edge research, we broaden access to capital for diverse entrepreneurs and spotlight their success. Inclusive Ventures Group Inclusive Ventures Lab 20 Women Founders Who Have Raised More Than $1M Recent Insights At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. See All Insights Research What 'Edge AI' Means for Smartphones As generative artificial intelligence gets embedded in devices, consumers should see brand new features while smartphone manufacturers could see a sales lift. Wealth Management A Bull Run Could Ride on the Labor Market Will economic strength bolster corporate profits and lift stocks higher this year? Look to the U.S. labor market for clues. Research What Global Turmoil Could Mean for Investors Weighing the investment impacts of global conflict and geopolitical tensions to international trade, oil prices and China equities. Investment Management Equity Markets 2024: 5 Reasons to Believe in the Rally An uptick in retail fund flows, the end of the Fed’s rate hikes and a U.S. presidential incumbent seeking re-election are among the positive indicators for equities this year. Wealth Management What Comes After the Soft Landing? The U.S. economy appears to have avoided a recession and markets expect a rapid re-acceleration. However, investors may want to prepare for more modest growth. Wealth Management Election 2024: Investors’ Top Questions Answered The outcome of this year’s U.S. election could have a big impact on taxes, Social Security and health care policy. What should investors know? Research What 'Edge AI' Means for Smartphones Wealth Management A Bull Run Could Ride on the Labor Market Research What Global Turmoil Could Mean for Investors Investment Management Equity Markets 2024: 5 Reasons to Believe in the Rally Wealth Management What Comes After the Soft Landing? Wealth Management Election 2024: Investors’ Top Questions Answered 7275232 63766 3CD19151-F46C-4595-84CF-8EEC3E05FD19 false false Sign up to get Morgan Stanley’s Five Ideas newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox. Email Address Email Address Invalid Email Address Submit Thank You for Subscribing! Thank you for your interest in Morgan Stanley Ideas. default-msdotcom-options true Submit Thank You for Subscribing! Thank you for your interest in Morgan Stanley Ideas. Discover Who We Are & Join Us Ready to innovate and make an impact every day? Morgan Stanley offers unparalleled opportunities, a commitment to inclusion and a supportive environment in which our people can develop to reach their full potential. Learn More Giving Back Helping an AIDS Advocacy Group Diversity The JumpStart Program Kicks Into High Gear Students and Graduates Explore Our Programs Diversity not only powers innovation, but it makes for a much richer experience for all of us. I’ve been very fortunate to work for Morgan Stanley. Mona Eldam Head of Morgan Stanley Singapore Technology and Distinguished Engineer Meet Mona More Insights Wealth Management Are We in a Bull Market Yet? Investment Banking 2024 M&A Outlook: Ready for a Rebound Institute for Sustainable Investing Individual Investors' Interest in Sustainability Is on the Rise Research 5 Unexpected Investment Ideas for 2024 Wealth Management How to Take the Emotion Out of Investing Wealth Management The End of Easy Money Wealth Management 2024 U.S. Stock Market Outlook: A Time for Balance Research Don’t Count on a March Rate Cut View More Insights Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity Cybersecurity Terms of Use Privacy & Cookies Your Privacy Choices © 2024 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved.