Jetpack CRM | The Entrepreneurs' CRM for WordPress Toggle navigation Features Learn Extensions Pricing Docs Blog Log in Download for Free Nurture Contacts. Grow your Business. Jetpack CRM has all of the tools you need to grow your business. It’s also modular, so you can customize it to suit your needs. Get Started All extensions for $17 a month. Keep track of important metrics. Never lose a lead. The hub of your thriving business. Keep on top of leads as they’re added to your CRM. Manage your sales funnel and see your revenue at a glance. See all features You know your business Pick and choose the features you need to grow your business: Invoice ProSales DashboardWooCommerce Mail CampaignsPayPalStripe Explore the full range of extensions For the Entrepreneurs We tried over 50 CRMs, but they were overcomplex and expensive. We set out to build a true CRM for Entrepreneurs — we use it every day, and we hope you will too. Try our entrepreneur and reseller plans Simplicity Scales Jetpack CRM is developed using a simple guiding priciple: Minimum Effective Dose (MED). MED is the smallest effective input to produce a desired outcome. Get started with Jetpack CRM Better than big box enterprise software. We’ve tried many complicated online solutions and cloud integrations in the past and now we’ve simply found THE solution! – Rocco Vittorio Begin with a Bundle Get started with the CRM for free, or pick up a bundle to get extra features. Freelancer All the essential tools to drive your business forward. $11 per month billed yearly Get Freelancer See included CRM extensions Includes 4 of our 30+ CRM extensions: Invoicing Pro Gravity Forms Sync PayPal Connect Stripe Connect Invoicing Pro Gravity Forms PayPal Connect Stripe Connect Single site license 12 months support and updates Entrepreneur Most Popular Elevate your business with automation, lead nurturing, sales funnels, and much more! $17 per month billed yearly Get Entrepreneur See included CRM extensions Includes all our 30+ CRM extensions: Analytics CRM Funnels Awesome Support Sales Dashboard Forms Gravity Forms Sync Contact Form 7 Sync Payments PayPal Sync Stripe Sync Invoicing Pro Sync Google Contacts Sync API Connector Email marketing MailChimp ConvertKit aWeber Mail campaigns And 2 more See all 30+ extensions All 30+ CRM extensions Single site license 12 months support and updates Priority support Reseller Create fully-customized bespoke versions of Jetpack CRM to resell. $5.40 per site per month billed yearly Get Reseller See included CRM extensions Includes all our 30+ CRM extensions: Analytics CRM Funnels Awesome Support Sales Dashboard Forms Gravity Forms Sync Contact Form 7 Sync Payments PayPal Sync Stripe Sync Invoicing Pro Sync Google Contacts Sync API Connector Email marketing MailChimp ConvertKit aWeber Mail campaigns And 2 more See all 30+ extensions All 30+ CRM extensions 10 site license Rebrand CRM 12 months support and updates Priority support Product Features Pricing All Extensions Feature Requests Demo Keep in touch Blog Newsletter Twitter Support Knowledge Base Support Policy Submit a ticket Report a bug Request a feature Fine print Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GDPR Our History Privacy Notice for California Users An airline Work With Us