Charity Ratings and Donor Resources | Charity Navigator Sign in Nonprofit Resources Support Charity Navigator Discover Charities Best Charities Charities with Perfect Scores Charities Rated Highly by their Participants Support Animal Welfare BIPOC Students Mental Health Protect the Environment Popular Charities Community Choice Awards Charities Everyone's Heard Of Most Followed Charities Most Frequently Viewed Charities Where To Give Now Texas Wildfires California Floods Chile Wildfires Southeast Tornadoes Tennessee Tornadoes Humanitarian Crisis in Israel and Gaza Donor Basics Protect Your Giving Avoiding Charity Scams Protecting Your Data Avoiding Online Scams Giving And Taxes Donation Bunching Charitable Deductions Tax Benefits Estate Planning Donor Tools Giving Basket Volunteer Opportunities Estate Planner Giving Circle Finder Giving 101 Give a Donation in Your Loved One’s Name Donation Refunds Cost Per Outcome Support Underfunded Charities Pros and Cons of Community Foundations Why Did a Charity Send Me Money? Introduction to Effective Giving Does My Small Donation Really Matter? Charity Spotlight Capital Region Sponsor-A-Scholar DuPage PADS The Brotherhood Sister Sol Other Ways To Give How to Donate Food and Prevent Food Waste Why Aren't Donated Clothes Always Given Away for Free? Best Items to Donate to an Animal Shelter Donations Asks from Friends & Family About Us Contact Us/FAQs Knowledge Base Update Your Nonprofit's Profile/Rating Press Room Support Charity Navigator Become a Sponsor Our Team Staff Board of Directors Standing Board Committees Expert Groups Council of Nonprofit Leaders Thought Leadership & News Reflecting on 2023: A Year of Challenges and Growth in Philanthropy 2023 Holiday Season Donation Trends 2023 Fall Methodology Update Juneteenth: A Call to Action for Donors Donors Prefer Charities that Earn All Four Beacons 2023 Donor Giving Plans Why Advisories are now Alerts Our Methodology Ratings Curated Lists Alerts Discover Charities Best Charities Charities with Perfect Scores Charities Rated Highly by their Participants Support Animal Welfare BIPOC Students Mental Health Protect the Environment Popular Charities Community Choice Awards Charities Everyone's Heard Of Most Followed Charities Most Frequently Viewed Charities Where To Give Now Texas Wildfires California Floods Chile Wildfires Southeast Tornadoes Tennessee Tornadoes Humanitarian Crisis in Israel and Gaza Donor Basics Protect Your Giving Avoiding Charity Scams Protecting Your Data Avoiding Online Scams Giving And Taxes Donation Bunching Charitable Deductions Tax Benefits Estate Planning Donor Tools Giving Basket Volunteer Opportunities Estate Planner Giving Circle Finder Giving 101 Give a Donation in Your Loved One’s Name Donation Refunds Cost Per Outcome Support Underfunded Charities Pros and Cons of Community Foundations Why Did a Charity Send Me Money? Introduction to Effective Giving Does My Small Donation Really Matter? Charity Spotlight Capital Region Sponsor-A-Scholar DuPage PADS The Brotherhood Sister Sol Other Ways To Give How to Donate Food and Prevent Food Waste Why Aren't Donated Clothes Always Given Away for Free? Best Items to Donate to an Animal Shelter Donations Asks from Friends & Family About Us Contact Us/FAQs Knowledge Base Update Your Nonprofit's Profile/Rating Press Room Support Charity Navigator Become a Sponsor Our Team Staff Board of Directors Standing Board Committees Expert Groups Council of Nonprofit Leaders Thought Leadership & News Reflecting on 2023: A Year of Challenges and Growth in Philanthropy 2023 Holiday Season Donation Trends 2023 Fall Methodology Update Juneteenth: A Call to Action for Donors Donors Prefer Charities that Earn All Four Beacons 2023 Donor Giving Plans Why Advisories are now Alerts Our Methodology Ratings Curated Lists Alerts Sign in Nonprofit Resources Support Charity Navigator Error attempting donation You're too fast! Your donation attempt encountered a problem. Please refresh the page to try again. You're faster than our page! Give the page a little longer to finish loading and try your donation again. Refresh and try again Back to the page Making a Difference Starts Here Find and support charities that align with your passions. Where to Give Now View all California Floods Highly rated charities providing relief and recovery to Californians impacted by unprecedented torrential rains and flooding. Chile Wildfires Make your donation count for those impacted by the fires in Chile. Our analysts have curated a list of highly rated charities involved in relief and recovery efforts. Humanitarian Crisis in Israel and Gaza Discover and donate to highly rated charities providing disaster relief and recovery services for affected communities in Israel and Gaza. Best Charities View all Empower Women & Girls Top-rated charities working to promote women's equality & advancement through education, leadership, advocacy & research. Find charities empowering women and girls. Clean Water Initiatives Highly rated charities involved in clean water initiatives. Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Month Charities funding research, providing support for treatment and care, and general support services for those living with multiple sclerosis. WHO WE ARE Charity Navigator is a research tool for anyone looking to make a difference. You can use Charity Navigator to find and support thousands of charities that align with your passions and values. We use data from the IRS, partners, and the charities themselves to power our unbiased ratings so that you can give with confidence. Learn more about us 20+ YEARS 8M+ VISITORS ANNUALLY 225K+ CHARITIES RATED $250M+ DONATED VIA OUR GIVING BASKET Donor Basics See more Giving 101 Just starting out with giving? Look here for questions to ask a charity, strategies for maximizing your donation, and more. Where to Give Discover and support organizations responding to current events and crises. Donor Tools Whether you’re a new donor or a seasoned philanthropist, use these tools to help make the most of your giving. THE SMART, EASY WAY TO GIVE Donate with the Giving Basket Charity Navigator's Giving Basket empowers you to support multiple charities in one convenient checkout while controlling how much of your information you share with each organization. Learn more 299 Market Street, Suite 250 Saddle Brook, NJ 07663 Sign up for donor tips and resources Use 40 characters or less Use 80 characters or less Enter a valid email address Sign Up Now Press Room Financials and Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQs/Contact Us Careers API Sponsorship Copyright ©2024 | EIN 13-4148824 | Bridge ID 3108588923