Team17 | Indie Games developed by Independent Developers Skip to Content Investors Contact Press Support Our Games Stores News About User Research Submit Game Join Us FOLLOW US Our Games Stores News About User Research Submit Game Join Us Investors Contact Press Support This site uses cookies Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used. Click here to read more. Accept All Cookies Accept necessary cookies Sign up to our newsletter Go to Signup Scroll Down Classified: France 44 Classified: France '44 is a turn-based, tactical espionage and combat game set in the run-up to D-Day. Lead an elite team of soldiers and resistance fighters to victory against the German occupation forces. Out Now Explore Classified: France '44 is a turn-based, tactical espionage and combat game set in the run-up to D-Day. Lead an elite team of soldiers and resistance fighters to victory against the German occupation forces. Explore Autopsy Simulator Autopsy Simulator is a story-driven mystery game with medically accurate simulations. Step into an eerie dissection room and perform realistic examinations on gruesome corpses. Solve disturbing criminal cases and face devastating horrors, both real and supernatural. Coming Soon Explore Autopsy Simulator is a story-driven mystery game with medically accurate simulations. Step into an eerie dissection room and perform realistic examinations on gruesome corpses. Solve disturbing criminal cases and face devastating horrors, both real and supernatural. Explore Undead Inc Undead Inc. is a high-risk, high-reward resource management simulator. Slip into the lab coat of a Medical Director and establish and manage a local subsidiary of the Endswell Medical Corporation. Build, manage staff, conduct research, and trade in both legal and illegal goods and services. Coming Soon Explore Undead Inc. is a high-risk, high-reward resource management simulator. Slip into the lab coat of a Medical Director and establish and manage a local subsidiary of the Endswell Medical Corporation. Build, manage staff, conduct research, and trade in both legal and illegal goods and services. Explore Gord Gord The Alliance DLC now available! Gord is a dark fantasy, strategy adventure game set in a world inspired by Slavic folklore. Lead the Tribe of Dawn into forbidden lands, complete quests that shape their personalities, impact their wellbeing, and decide the fate of their community. Out Now Explore Gord The Alliance DLC now available! Gord is a dark fantasy, strategy adventure game set in a world inspired by Slavic folklore. Lead the Tribe of Dawn into forbidden lands, complete quests that shape their personalities, impact their wellbeing, and decide the fate of their community. Explore Border Bots VR Border Bots VR is a light-hearted take on a robotic dystopia where players will take on the role of a human border agent stationed within a futuristic megacity. Out Now Explore Border Bots VR is a light-hearted take on a robotic dystopia where players will take on the role of a human border agent stationed within a futuristic megacity. Explore Headbangers Headbangers is a light-hearted, rhythm battle royale game where you and 29 other Pigeons compete against each other to try and win the title of Master Headbanger! Out Now Explore Headbangers is a light-hearted, rhythm battle royale game where you and 29 other Pigeons compete against each other to try and win the title of Master Headbanger! Explore DREDGE DREDGE is a single-player fishing adventure with a sinister undercurrent. Play The Pale Reach DLC out now! Sell your catch, upgrade your boat, and dredge the depths for long-buried secrets. Out Now Explore DREDGE is a single-player fishing adventure with a sinister undercurrent. Play The Pale Reach DLC out now! Sell your catch, upgrade your boat, and dredge the depths for long-buried secrets. Explore Discover Games & News LATEST NEWS EXPLORE ALL GAMES Headbangers Explore Moving Out 2 Explore DREDGE Explore Ship of Fools Explore Trepang2 Explore UPCOMING STREAMS STREAMS life at team 17 Delivering captivating, accessible and quality gaming experiences with independent spirit About us BECOME A TEAMSTER Check out our current vacancies or connect with our Talent Acquisitions team Join us today TWITTER @TEAM17 Follow us Follow us submit your game Got a new game? We’re here to help you at all stages of creative development and the publishing lifecycle. What you got? user research Our User Lab and Beta programs are where you can get involved in the creation of our new games Come Play Our Games Stores News About User Research Submit Game Contact Press Support Join Us Website By Framework Design TEAM 17 2024© Privacy Policy Legal