Crystalinks Home Page ABOUTELLIE'S BLOGEZINEDONATIONBOOKADVERTISECONTACTDIRECTORY ARCHIVES Ellie's World Blogs HISTORY Ancient Civilizations Amazon Tribes Americas Australia China Dogon Easter Island Egypt Europe Greece India Japan Korea Mesoamerica Middle East Native Americans New Zealand Nubia Rome Mythical Civilizations Atlantis Lemuria Phantom Islands Ancient Astronauts Hollow Earth Agartha Creation Files Conspiracy Files Gods & Goddesses PHYSICAL SCIENCES Astronomy Simulation Theory Physical Sciences Planet Earth Climate SOCIAL SCIENCE Anthropology Body Enhancements Cannibalism Cosmology Mythology Ontology Philosophy Psychology Religion Scripts Sociology Superstitions Women METAPHYSICS Alchemy Aliens & UFOS Crystals Divination Emerald Tablets Mystery Schools Psychic Development The Other Side Unexplained HEALING Alternative Health-Research Meditation Psychology Relationships Self Awareness SACRED Artifacts & Teachings Sacred Places Pyramids & Mounds Current Earthquake Activity and Aftershocks Tuesday March 5, 2024 March 5, 1817 - July 5, 1894 Sir Austen Henry Layard Explorer, archaeologist, Orientalist, cuneiformist best known as the excavator of Nimrud - Pics Palace of Ashurnasirpal II I have always believed that success would be the inevitable result, if the right man is sent to find the right place. Stele that Layard found at Nimrud - Anunnaki (Sumerian Gods) Mesopotamia - Garden of Eden - Mitochondrial Eve - Creation More Birthdays and News Super Tuesday Millions of Voters head to the polls for Super Tuesday We know the outcome ... Trump vs Biden. People have told me they're voting for Biden because they disapprove of Trump or they are voting for Trump because they don't like Biden. This becomes more of a vote against a candidate than based on approval. We all know these are two bad choices based on age and other factors. So why are these the two top choices? Because the simulation set it up this way for end time chaos - and no one does it better than Trump. All presidents everywhere will always be faced with unsolvable issues but at least we can see how each one worked to make a difference. We all know that the world is going crazy and there's not much we can do about it other than sit back and wait for the final outcome. Knowing that the story is ending is a comfort. Seeing the pain and suffering people are going through around the world is an unfortunate aspect of the equation - but neither Trump nor Biden will be able to fix things as they grow worse. Whichever candidate wins will be blamed for everything wrong that happens in the future. Scary? The unknown always is because it means loss of control. Do you really think this will end in November? Only if the simulation does. May the best man win! Space in the News Astronomy Solar maximum may already be upon us, expert warns - but we won't know for sure until the sun's explosive peak is over Astronomers Just Updated The Chance Infamous 'God Of Chaos' Asteroid Will Hit Earth From 'Tatooine' to reality: How exoplanet research has translated to science fiction What makes black holes grow and new stars form? Machine learning helps solve the mystery James Webb telescope reveals collection of ancient galaxies that 'transformed the entire universe' Moon Lander Odysseus Transmits a Poignant Farewell as Death Approaches For Now Scientists Discover The Most Epic Pair of Supermassive Black Holes Ever Seen Astrolabe in the News Astrolabe An Astrolabe was used in ancient times to chart a course by following celestial bodies. Rare eleventh-century astrolabe discovery reveals Islamic-Jewish scientific exchange Physics in the News Physics Scientists launch hub to channel quantum power for good Study shows that the ATLAS detector can measure the flux of high-energy supernova neutrinos Physicists Reveal a Strange Form of Crystal Where Electrons Can't Move Beyond the ink: Painting with physics Planet Earth in the News Planet Earth Files The Arctic could become 'ice-free' within a decade, say scientists The lows and lows of Antarctic sea ice Antarctica's coasts are becoming less icy, researchers find \s Research finds evidence that reductions in sea ice are helping tree lines spread north Greece records warmest winter on record: Expert Infernos rage from Texas to Australia as fire season kicks off early Geologists explore the hidden history of Colorado's Spanish Peaks Hanoi chokes as Vietnam capital tops most polluted cities list Pivotal Moment For Humanity as Disasters Threaten to Converge Clouds in the News Cloud Files NASA Photo Captures Strange Circular Phenomenon in the Sky over the Gulf of Mexico Hole Punch Clouds Archaeology in the News Archaeology Ancient Mesoamericans may have drunk tobacco in healing rituals, reveal archaeologists Snakes Sunday I started my day as usual with my ezine blog. The first article I found was The Snake Is The Spearhead of Reptile Evolution, But Why? I decided to add it to my file about snakes. What file? I searched everywhere. "Surely I must have a file about snakes" I reasoned as they have been part of so many of my blogs and information. I continued the search - but only found snake fossils in Paleontology. It was time to set up a new file called Snakes. Before I knew it, I found myself wondering around in the Garden of Eden with Adam and Eve and all that mythology about creation. I hadn't visited the file in a long time so I decided to stay a while to see if it needed updating. It certainly did. Somewhere along the way I rediscovered Mitochondrial Eve which -> took me to my 23andme file and my DNA connection to Eve and Zoroaster (Z) (Persia now Iran). The iconic motif of the snake or spiral goes all the way back to the beginning of the human journey and is depicted everywhere in one form or another. including the spirals people doodle. There's a lot in that file and I'm sure I missed a few things, but as I came to the end of working on it today ... I thought to close my eyes. I found myself standing inside a stone circle which I recognized as Gobekli Tepe (Turkey - Not far from the Garden of Eden which takes us to Mesopotamia, Sumer and the Anunnaki.) Last week on Ancient Aliens they had mentioned a possible connection between these two ancient civilizations that rang true when I watched the show. Now here I was in those grids. But why was I here? I looked around and didn't see snake reliefs or artifacts. And then it came to me.. The 'Ah Ha' moment. I passed a stone circle here in Bay Ridge the other day and took a pic not knowing when and how it would find its way into one of my blogs ... until today. From here to eternity ... Everything comes full circle. I continue my journey until it is finished. Ouroboros - Snakes - Coming Full Circle in Time Dunes In the year 2024 Throughout the universe the sands of time conceal secrets buried for all time. From archaeological discoveries with connections to enigmatic artifacts - the sands of time speak to us about Planet Earth and the endless occupants who have been here cycle after cycle ... storyline after storyline .. until the final chapter ... Now. Changing in geological features and shaped by their surroundings - dunes speak to each other, sing, and connect. Crystalinks: Dunes As with most landscape art - dunes are best viewed from above - either by using a drone or flying in an airplane, or other airborne device including UFOs. Aerial viewing of dunes is similar to exploring messages created by other forms of nature - or entities we know little about who left behind subliminal messages carved in stone (geoglyphs) and on the ground (crop formations). It's not difficult to see the patterns and the messages from above - which makes you aware that there is something greater out there than our physical senses allow - those who we not only wonder about but feel connected to and identify with. Dunes might remind you of life in another timeline or on anther planet in a far off galaxy. Or perhaps mythical adventures such as the current movie Dune Part 2 (2024) Scientists have solved the mysterious absence of star-shaped dunes from Earth's geological history for the first time, dating one back thousands of years. Paleontology in the News Paleontology Archaeologists Uncover Ancient Tube of Lipstick From 4,000 Years Ago Giant Sea Lizard Ruled The Oceans 66 Million Years Ago Thanks To Dagger-Like Teeth Fossilized forest unearthed in the UK is the oldest ever found at 390 million years old Animals in the News Animals Mystery Of World's Only Captive Brown And White Panda Solved With Genetics Asian elephants loudly mourn and bury their dead calves, according to a study by Indian scientists that details animal behavior reminiscent of human funeral rites Health in the News Health Index A recent study produced an unexpected result. It found that weight loss was associated with a significantly higher rate of cancer during the 12 months following the weight loss, compared with those who hadn't lost weight Flashing Lights And a Clicking Sound Cleared Toxic Proteins in Alzheimer's Mice Risk of Preterm Birth Is Dramatically Rising as The World Gets Hotter Reading with Ellie Text and Video Blogs Ellie's Archives Phytoextractum Plants & Extracts Reach out to our service with the request Write my paper for me We'll help you sail through the course! SpeedyPaper is a top-notch writing service where you can hire a qualified essay writer online Visit CopyCrafter and receive professional homework assignment help. Hire experts at Mypaperwriter.com - trusted paper writing services Visit CustomWritings for getting instant essay writing help from experts. Reach out to our service with the request Write my paper for me We'll help you sail through the course! Real Kabbalah Talismans Jewelry for the Consciously Minded Land Rover Jaguar Fairfield Powerful Sacred Jewelry and Talismans David Weitzman's work harnesses the power of spiritual symbols and sacred geometry to bring those wearing them health, happiness, vitality, abundance, and above all - love. David's Work is based on Sacred Geometry, Kabbalah, Astrology, Buddhism To learn more visit Ka Gold Jewelry Visit Land Rover Jaguar Fairfield Crystalinks is Created and Designed by Ellie Crystal © 1995 - 2024 - All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: All images were originally found in either public domain, were created by readers of Crystalinks, or were created by the author and are protected under US copyright. If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear here, please contact us and they will be promptly removed.