Backdrops Beautiful | Hand Painted Scenic Backdrop Rentals and Sales ★Favorites Sign In My Account Toggle navigation Browse Backdrops Browse by Category Browse by Show Theme Browse A-Z Projections Create Your Own Specials Gallery Event Photos Event Videos Testimonials About About Us Contact Us FAQs Blog Hardware Services 1-858-300-2100 Previous Next All of our backdrops are custom made, flame-resistant, hand-painted & airbrushed by our expertly skilled artists. Browse by Category – OR – Rent a backdrop with my own design Enhancing Over 15,000 Events Since 2007 Dear staff at Backdrops Beautiful, It was a real pleasure dealing with you guys, your product was great, you were true to your pledge to match the price of your competitors, and most importantly, the people I talked to were very helpful and went out of their way to please the customer. I’d like to point out specifically the woman that I talked to Friday the 22nd of February – I don’t remember who it was, she saw to it that the product would be delivered in time. Thank you very much! I do look forward to using you guys in the future. Levi Dear Anthony, I just want to say – Thanks and sincere appreciation for your swift response, guidance, help and support in executing this contract. It was an amazing experience in dealing with you from the first phone call. Thanks Anthony!! The Bharatanatyam Arangetram of my daughter went very well and we received lot of accolades for the Temple backdrop. I will be reaching out to you in another few months with couple more orders for “custom backdrop” – You have won business from me. I seem to have given your reference to couple of folks in Seattle too :-). Vijay Read All Testimonials Connect with Us Perfect for All Events Dance & Theater Schools Celebrations Corporate Events About Us We focus on you, as both customer and trendsetter, and meet your needs by listening to your goals. Together, we also create painted backdrops for RENT or purchase at an affordable rate. We understand the time sensitive nature of the industry and how critical it is to meet deadlines. We will do everything that is humanly possible to meet your needs. 1-858-300-2100 info@backdropsbeautiful.com Receive our newsletter for updates and specials: Sign Me Up Browse by Category Browse A-Z New Backdrops Create Your Own Specials FAQs About About Us Testimonials Blog Contact 1-858-300-2100 Copyright © 2024 Backdrops Beautiful. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions