Rochester Institute of Technology | RIT Skip to main content RIT Logo with Text ✕ Request Info Visit Apply Give Mobile main navigation About Overview of RIT Uniquely RIT History of RIT University Leadership About Rochester, NY Visit RIT Careers at RIT Contact Our Global Campuses Rankings and Recognition Discover RITFaces of RITAcademics Overview of Academics Undergraduate Degrees Graduate and Doctoral Degrees Combined Accelerated Bachelor’s/Master’s RIT Certified Colleges New Economy Majors Immersions and Minors Individualized Study Undeclared Options Areas of StudyAcademic CalendarExperiential Learning Overview of Experiential Learning Co-op and Internships Entrepreneurship Community Engagement Global Engagement Student Research Career FairsAdmissions and Aid Admissions and Aid Overview First-Year Admission Transfer Admission Graduate Admission International Students Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Students US Military / Veterans Online Education Admission Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees Visit RIT Accepted Student Open HouseVisit Us on CampusResearch Research Overview Signature Research Areas Key Research Centers and Institutes Research Awards and Recognition Resources for Researchers Libraries Vice President for Research Research Magazine Corporate Research Partnerships Research Magazine 2019Research NewsRIT Life Overview of RIT Life Student Clubs and Organizations Diversity and Inclusion Rochester, NY International Students Housing and Dining Student Wellness Academic Support Performing Arts Events This is student lifeTigerTalk Blog Athletics myRIT News Directory Rochester Institute of Technology ✕ Future Students Current Students Parents Faculty and Staff Alumni Partners Request Info Visit Apply Give Future Students Current Students Parents Faculty and Staff Alumni Partners Request Info Visit Apply Give RIT logo Rochester Institute of Technology Rochester Institute of Technology News Directory myRIT About Overview of RIT Uniquely RIT History of RIT University Leadership About Rochester, NY Visit RIT Careers at RIT Contact Our Global Campuses Rankings and Recognition Discover RITFaces of RITAcademics Overview of Academics Undergraduate Degrees Graduate and Doctoral Degrees Combined Accelerated Bachelor’s/Master’s RIT Certified Colleges New Economy Majors Immersions and Minors Individualized Study Undeclared Options Areas of StudyAcademic CalendarExperiential Learning Overview of Experiential Learning Co-op and Internships Entrepreneurship Community Engagement Global Engagement Student Research Career FairsAdmissions and Aid Admissions and Aid Overview First-Year Admission Transfer Admission Graduate Admission International Students Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Students US Military / Veterans Online Education Admission Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees Visit RIT Accepted Student Open HouseVisit Us on CampusResearch Research Overview Signature Research Areas Key Research Centers and Institutes Research Awards and Recognition Resources for Researchers Libraries Vice President for Research Research Magazine Corporate Research Partnerships Research Magazine 2019Research NewsRIT Life Overview of RIT Life Student Clubs and Organizations Diversity and Inclusion Rochester, NY International Students Housing and Dining Student Wellness Academic Support Performing Arts Events This is student lifeTigerTalk Blog Athletics Rochester Institute of Technology Play/Pause Video Advancing beyond the expected Here, you’re always on to something remarkable. Previous Next On to Something AmazingAdvancing the ExceptionalAreas of StudyFaces of RITEventsConnect Search Accepted Student Open House Join us on campus April 6 or April 13 to meet faculty, tour campus, and ask your questions. Get details and register Visit Us on Campus Tours and information sessions are offered six days a week or you can explore other ways to experience RIT. Schedule your visit On to something amazing The RIT Zine Scene AI at RIT Inside the SHED Game Changers More News Creativity and Innovation Technology, the Arts, and Design Commitment to Goodness Co-op and Careers Revolutionary Research Global Engagement Leadership in Sustainability Welcoming and Inclusive Environment 5th Among Top Schools for Co-op or Internship Programs Ranked among nation’s special programs for leading cooperative education or internship programs — U.S. News & World Report, 2024 41st Most Innovative Listed among “Most Innovative Schools” for improvements to curriculum — U.S. News & World Report, 2023 42nd Best Value Cited for best value among national research universities — U.S. News & World Report, 2024 15 Pulitzer Prizes 11 alumni have won a combined 15 Pulitzers for their work in visual journalism. 37th Most Trusted University in America Recognized as among the most trusted universities in the nation when measuring public trust in the top 135 doctoral research institutions — Morning Consult, 2022. 19th Best Employers Ranked 19th among universities in a list of America’s top 1,000 employers — Forbes and Statista, 2022. Learn more about our rankings and recognition Areas of Study Art, Design, and Architecture Business, Management, and Leadership Communications and Digital Media Computing and Information Sciences Engineering and Engineering Technology Environmental Studies and Sustainability Game Design, Development, and Arts Health Professions and Medical Sciences Humanities, Social Sciences, and Education Photography, Film, and Animation Science and Math Undeclared and Individualized Study Faces of RIT Engineering Better Solutions Poornima Padmanabhan Assistant Professor Professor Padmanabhan’s students engage in hands-on research experiences that help build a better future through the creation of advanced complex materials that can solve problems in solar energy, health care, agriculture, and more. Innate Happiness Amanda DeVito EMBA '19 Vice President of Client Engagement, Butler/Till Media Happiness of employees and driving business outcomes are DeVito's main focus at Butler Till Media and Communications. Knowing all the work and energy she puts into driving a client's business is satisfaction in itself. The Art of Negotiation Shal Khazanchi Department Chair and Professor, Department of Management It’s more than mediating a good salary, negotiation is a predicter of success and a key life skill for all professionals. A Spit Take Diamond Guy Biomedical Sciences Guy's biomedical science research is analyzing microbes linked to cardiac disease. She's hoping to keep the population healthy one vial of saliva at a time. Creating a Balanced, Equal World Remy DeCausemaker Communications and Media Technology Public Policy Open source software is integral to building a movement toward equality. For DeCausemaker, that meant creating a degree program in the School of Individualized Studies that targeted the specific areas of expertise he needed to craft the career path he wanted. More Than One Path Berta Rivera Individualized Program With the flexibility to shape her education around her professional and personal lives, Rivera has found the School of Individualized Study to be the pathway toward a fulfilling degree and a rewarding career that pays it forward. The Excitement of Live Performance Ted Canning Adjunct faculty Director of Steelband Ensemble For Professor Ted Canning, music is a universal language anyone can learn. No matter your major, no matter your level of experience, you can make music part of your life at RIT. Online Face-Off Evan Hirsh Computer Science Trading gloves and helmets for a monitor and a mouse has ushered in a new era in sports: competitive, organized gaming. By mirroring professional eSports, the RIT eSports team pursues competitive gaming at the highest possible level, rivaling the excitement of traditional sports teams. Enhancing Reality Kevin Kha Imaging Science Kha interned with Oculus testing their next generation of VR cameras, which have the potential to aid law enforcement and impact learning in schools. The internship turned into a full-time job, and Kha plans to work on enhancing the VR experience. Beyond Human Jessica Wegman Psychology Major Seeing the world through the eyes of a different species is just one way we connect with the world around us. Through faculty-led research, Wegman is working to improve the quality of life for North American River Otters by studying their visual perception. Picture Perfect Amelia Hamilton Photography With only a split second to get the perfect shot, Hamilton's passion for capturing emotion is an asset to creating authentic images in the moment. Visual Exploration Fred Beam '85 As outreach coordinator for Sunshine 2.0, a theater group at RIT's National Institute for the Deaf, Beam and his troupe provide performances and activities for deaf and hard-of-hearing children and adults that highlight the fields of deaf culture, literacy, and STEM. Giving a Voice to a Community Tianna Manon '15 Communication As an alum of the journalism program, Manon has put into practice the storytelling platforms and opportunities She took advantage of at RIT. Today, Manon serves as editor-in-chief of Open Mic Rochester, an online magazine that gives a voice to Rochester’s black community. Making a Positive Impact Katherine Duffy Sociology and International Relations She’s a professional ballet dancer and a humanitarian who spends her free time volunteering at a children’s home in Haiti. Duffy created a degree program in the School of Individualized Study so she can one day establish a non-profit of her own. Education: A Powerful Tool for Sustainability Elizabeth Moore Sustainability Ph.D. Moore is researching nanomaterials and their use in clean energy technologies. She’s sharing this knowledge with future generations, who have the power to impact the environment. Biodegradable Packaging Carlos Diaz Acosta Associate Professor Diaz Acosta's research in sustainable packaging led his class to a biodegradable solution. Developing corn-based packaging is not only being used to counteract the amount of food waste going into landfills, but also making the world a more sustainable place. Giving Back Jennifer Wheeler, M.D. BS ’01 Biotechnology Family Medicine After 9/11, Wheeler enlisted in the US Army and served as a doctor in Afghanistan. Now, she practices family medicine and serves as a preceptor to RIT students who are embarking on their own careers in medicine. Entrepreneurial Solutions for Environmental Problems Sherwyn Millette Sustainability Ph.D. Millette is from Trinidad and Tobago, an island nation that needs a way to manage a waste problem in a country with limited space. Millette is exploring if a circular economy can be the solution. The Sky’s the Limit Aaron Gordon Film and Animation Gordon started Optic Sky, an animation company, after graduating from RIT with a degree in film. He helps develop new talent by inviting RIT students to work on his production crews. The Spice of Life Kate Ferguson Finance and International Business Variety is what Ferguson thrives on. And no day is ever the same for this double major who plays soccer and is involved in a range of activities at RIT. Where You Belong Corinne Mendieta Mechanical Engineering Technology Mendieta has found a home in student government. As vice president she makes sure that all students have what they need to succeed. Learning to Learn John Myers '83 Photography For Myers, who has traveled the world to photograph people and places, RIT was key to preparing him to adapt to an ever-changing industry. The skills he honed as a student – curiosity, responsibility, communication skills – have enhanced his decades-long career as a photographer. Streaming Worldwide Nate Bellavia Film and Animation RIT’s student-run radio station broadcasts to the Rochester community and streams worldwide. Bellavia, WITR’s music director, appreciates that RIT has a place where people who love music can bond over their passion and share that connection over the airwaves. Stepping Up Ashley Kosak Mechanical Engineering It might be just a stool, but it represents more than reaching equipment in the Machine Shop. It’s a symbol of the heightened awareness and inclusivity of women in engineering at RIT. After graduation, Kosak wants to influence change by helping women pursue careers in engineering. Architecture Is Awesome Blair Benson Architecture M.Arch. When Blair changed careers she realized that it is never too late to pursue your passion. Now she embraces the collaborative nature of the design process, combining functionality, aesthetic appeal, and responsible practices in her architectural work. A Creative Pipeline Andrew Sevigny Motion Picture Science Sevigny is conducting research to help filmmakers translate what they create on their computers to a full cinematic experience. Evoking Emotion Through Music Jonathan Kruger Professor A difficult task to accomplish, yet a joy to teach, Kruger enjoys composing for visual mediums. As chair of the Department of Performing Arts, Krugar focuses on enhancing a scene with music while keeping the audience immersed in the medium. Protecting Those Who Protect Us Rachael Aho Exercise Science ’17 Aho is putting her exercise science degree to work as a personal trainer who works with first responders. She helps firefighters stay in shape and prevent on-the-job injuries. A New Way to Tell Stories Claire Wilcox Undeclared Art and Design By combining the performing arts with technology and design, Claire Wilcox is creating a storytelling dynamic that engages technology to share stories on film and on stage. MetroGnome Barrington Campbell Game Design and Development Tinkering, testing, designing, coding – it's what he does. Through RIT's game design program, Campbell and his team created a game that garnered attention from 20th Century Fox, leading him to an internship with the company. Where Science Meets Art Zayneb Jaff Pre-health Studies Metals and Jewelry Design Studying health studies has helped Jaff develop her logic and analytical skills. Adding a dual major in metals and jewelry design will prepare her well for medical school, where today's doctors must be both knowledgeable and innovative in their approaches to patient care. The Physics of Animation Mari Jaye Blanchard Assistant Professor School of Film & Animation To create movement, Blanchard’s classes are full of motion, with students jumping, crawling, and walking to better understand the physics they are trying to draw. Advancing the Success of Women Shannon McHale Cybersecurity As head of public relations for Women in Computing, McHale strives to organize professional opportunities for its members, advancing women’s experience in computing majors, and giving back to a club that has given her so much. The Power of Music Becky Jasen Physician Assistant Jasen is a physician assistant major and the music director for RIT Players. She is applying her passion for music to research that studied how music can reduce pain and anxiety in pediatric patients. Always Evolving Elizabeth Ruder Assistant Professor The nutrition is an ever-changing field where knowledge is always evolving. Ruder enjoys watching her students question what they know as they use hands-on experiences to contribute to future nutritional guidelines. Relationships Are Key to Success Jess Sudol '06 VP/Civil Dept. Manager - Passero Associates Building relationships and honing communication skills are crucial skills for success in any field. Passero Associates has recognized the collaborative nature of RIT students. They continue to hire RIT students and graduates for their dynamic interpersonal skills as well as their knowledge. Take the Leap Michael Oshetski '03 CEO, Micatu Inc. Focused on making the utility grid more efficient and sustainable, Oshetski, an RIT alum, has a passion for entrepreneurship. Turning a start-up into reality led him to sharing a key piece of advice: Just go for it. Improving Human-computer Interactions Matt Huenerfauth Professor Improving interactions with online platforms for those with disabilities is the ultimate goal behind Huenerfauth’s research. By training designers to create and develop more accessible websites and mobile networks, a wider audience can connect to and benefit from these technologies. Headed to Google Ethelia Lung New Media Design The skills Lung learned in the new media design major prepared her for an internship at Google. This career-related work experience, which turned into a full-time job, is just one of the ways experiential learning shapes a student’s future. Love What You Do David Even MBA '18 Vice President, W.G. Arthur Co. Growing to love the business he began working for at 15, Even is now a vice president at W.G. Arthur Co. With a passion for helping others, Even learned from his mentors that treating people right is always the best policy. Bringing Deaf Culture to the Big Screen Rydrea Walker Design and Imaging Technology Walker wants to share Deaf and hard-of-hearing stories to bridge the gap between cultures and represent the Deaf community in Hollywood. Power Combination Diana Solt BS ’10, MS ’17 Lead, Strategy Development L3/Harris Corp. Communication Systems Combining her technology degree with liberal arts provided Diana Solt the powerful combination she needed to develop business strategies for L3/Harris. Merging Past and Present Devin Klibanow 3D Digital Design RIT's Cary Graphics Art Collection allows students to view printing styles and graphic art from thousands of years ago. In order to preserve these artifacts, Klibanow is working with other students and faculty to create a virtual viewing experience. The Power of Architecture Nana-Yaw Andoh Assistant Professor, Department of Architecture Nan-Yaw Andoh teaches his students that architecture is more than beautiful buildings. It's an element that can connect and unify communities. Medicine's Future Nicole Pannullo Biochemistry By working on a faculty-guided research project, Pannullo has gained hands-on research experience to pursue a future in regenerative medicine. It’s one way Pannullo is putting experiential learning to work. Advancing Neurotechnology Harrison Canning Innovation Science in Neurotechnology The School of Individualized Studies enabled Canning to create a degree that combines studies in computer science, business, and neuroscience so he can build a business that can mass produce brain-computer interfaces to help people with disabilities. Expanding ASL Tina Goudreau Collison Professor of Chemistry A complicated vocabulary and a lack of dedicated signs in American Sign Language makes Organic Chemistry a challenge for deaf and hard of hearing students. Collision worked with interpreters to develop new ASL signs, leading to profound learning improvements for her students. The Hands of Time Landyn Hatch Museum Studies At RIT’s makerspace you’re free to design, test, tinker, and build. Hatch utilizes The Construct to create 3D-printed mannequin hands for Genesee Country Village & Museum's 19-century clothing exhibit. Connecting Kids to Science Devon M Christman Physics Over the summer, Christman taught a workshop called “Experiments in Science” to a group of children from RIT’s Kids on Campus program. By helping to change their perspectives on who and what a scientist is, Christman is shaping the minds of tomorrow’s scientists. A Part of Something Bigger Kimberly Hedger Computer Engineering Technology For Hedger, giving back is a special part of the RIT community that lets her impact the world, one service project at a time. The AI Gateway Humza Syed Computer Engineering Syed is pushing the world forward by developing algorithms that apply artificial intelligence to make everyday tasks easy and more efficient. Eye on the Prize Lily Lautenschlager Biomedical Photographic Communications Lautenschlager's passion for helping others drew her to a co-op opportunity in the medical science field. Through hands-on experience studying the eye, Lily has secured a part-time job while she continues her education at RIT. Previous Next See More Faces of RIT videos Message from the President RIT is one of the top universities in the nation working at the intersection of technology, the arts and design. We are a university that is shaping the future and improving the world through creativity and innovation … We put a high value on bringing goodness to the world. Read More from President Munson David C. Munson Jr. Presidentwww.rit.edu/presidentmunson@rit.edu @RITPresident President's Report 2024 Events March 6 University-Wide Career Fair March 15 I am STEM Symposium March 20 Roar the Vote: Voter Registration March 21 Outstanding Undergraduate Scholar Awards Celebration All Events Stay Connected Loading... RIT logo and full name (footer) Address and Phone One Lomb Memorial Drive Rochester, NY 14623 585-475-2411 Sign up for RIT news Website feedback About Academics Experiential Learning Admissions and Aid Research RIT Life Athletics News Copyright © Rochester Institute of Technology. All Rights Reserved. Land Acknowledgment. Disclaimer. Copyright Infringement. Privacy Statement. Nondiscrimination. Emergency Information. Search RIT Close X This website uses cookies to provide better user experience and functionality. You can control and configure cookies in your web browser. Cookie Statement | How to Disable Cookies OK