Minnesota Historical Society homepage | Minnesota Historical Society Skip to main content Image MNHS Main navigation Visit Locations Buy Tickets Become a Member History Center Exhibits Events Calendar COVID-19 Update Explore Overview MNHS Press Collections and Indexes Digital Newspapers Research Help Preservation Educate Overview National History Day Northern Lights Supplemental Curriculum Products Teacher Professional Development Teaching Native American History & Culture Field Trips Teacher Memberships 6th Grade History Pass Who We Are Overview Mission, Vision, Values & Strategic Priorities Leadership Reports Exhibits To Go! Media Room Jobs Internships Fellowships & Residencies Grants Volunteer Support Us Overview Membership Donate Corporate Giving Shop Advocate for History Visit Our Home: Native Minnesota Minnesota History Center Then Now Wow Minnesota History Center Plan Your Visit Locations Buy Tickets Become a Member History Center Exhibits Events Calendar COVID-19 Update Locations In the metro Alexander Ramsey House Historic Fort Snelling James J. Hill House Mill City Museum Minnehaha Depot Minnesota History Center Gale Family Library Minnesota State Capitol Oliver Kelley Farm Sibley Historic Site In Greater Minnesota Birch Coulee Battlefield Charles Lindbergh House and Museum Comstock House Folsom House Forest History Center Fort Ridgely Harkin Store Historic Forestville Jeffers Petroglyphs Lac qui Parle Mission Lower Sioux Agency Marine Mill Mille Lacs Indian Museum & Trading Post Snake River Fur Post Split Rock Lighthouse Traverse des Sioux W. W. Mayo House Locations Buy Tickets Become a Member History Center Exhibits Events Calendar COVID-19 Update Explore Themes & Topics LGBTQIA + Communities in Minnesota Minnesota People Records Duluth Lynchings MNopedia US-Dakota War of 1862 Overview Collections & Indexes Search artifacts, people records, digital newspapers, archival collections, and more. MNHS Press Browse MNHS books, and explore MNopedia, our online Minnesota encyclopedia. Digital Newspapers Access to millions of digital newspaper pages through the Minnesota Digital Newspaper Hub. Minnesota History magazine A lively, richly illustrated magazine published quarterly. Purchase recent issues and explore the archive. Research Help Get your research started with online tools and resources from the Gale Family Library. Preservation Learn how we preserve and protect our state’s objects, documents, and places. Overview MNHS Press Collections and Indexes Digital Newspapers Research Help Preservation Educate Education Overview Resources, programs and events to support Minnesota history education for teachers and students. National History Day Students choose a topic on an annual theme, then research and present papers, exhibits, performances, documentaries and websites. Northern Lights Minnesota social studies curriculum for sixth graders. Supplemental Curriculum Products Enrich your lessons and engage students in complex history topics with our curriculum products. Teacher Professional Development Discover new teaching practices and broaden your knowledge in an MNHS professional development workshop. 6th Grade History Pass Minnesota 6th graders are granted FREE admission to MNHS historic sites and museums for one year. Teachers and parents may order them now! Field Trips Transport your students to hands-on history destinations. Teacher Memberships Discounted admission for educators. Teaching Native American History & Culture Resources developed to broaden your knowledge and engage students. Overview National History Day Northern Lights Supplemental Curriculum Products Teacher Professional Development Teaching Native American History & Culture Field Trips Teacher Memberships 6th Grade History Pass Who We Are Learn how we use the power of history to transform livesPreserving our past, sharing our state's stories and connecting people with history. Meet MNHS Overview Mission, Vision, Values & Strategic Priorities Leadership Media Room Opportunities Jobs Internships Fellowships & Residencies Grants Volunteer Overview Mission, Vision, Values & Strategic Priorities Leadership Contact Us Reports Exhibits To Go! Media Room Jobs Internships Fellowships & Residencies Grants Volunteer Support Us Support MNHS Your support helps us harness the power of history to transform lives. Overview Image Become a Member Members get the best deal in history with free general admission and discounts on events, purchases, and more at our historic sites and museums for a full year. Donate Tax-deductible donations of all sizes help MNHS provide extraordinary services to nearly one million visitors each year. Corporate Giving North Star Circle members are a distinguished group of supporters who serve as Minnesota history’s strongest advocates. Shop Shop for books and gifts relating to the fascinating people, long history, and unique culture of Minnesota. Advocate for History Speak up for history. Talk with your legislators, our governor, and your community leaders. Overview Membership Donate Corporate Giving Shop Advocate for History Search Go to the search page for the Minnesota Historical Society website Search Go to the search page for the Minnesota Historical Society website Search Go to the search page for the Minnesota Historical Society website MNHS Utility Navigation Buy Tickets Donate Events Membership Shop Become a Member New website guide and feedback form Now on view! Black Citizenship in the Age of Jim Crow Explore the African American fight for full citizenship and racial equality that unfolded in the 50 years after the Civil War.This exhibit is now on view at the Minnesota History Center. Get tickets Now on view! The Life & Art of Charles M. Schulz Explore Charles Schulz’s personal history and his role as the inspiration and artistic talent behind Peanuts and its beloved cast of characters. Exhibit now on view at the Minnesota History Center. Get tickets History Forum Since 2004, the History Forum has explored the richness, expansiveness, and complexity of American history with some of the nation’s best scholars. That tradition continues with six new lectures highlighting the diversity and excellence of today’s historical scholarship. Get tickets State Emblems Redesign Commission Learn about the recently-adopted designs for a new state flag and state seal, which will go into effect on May 11, 2024. As outlined in state legislation, the Minnesota Historical Society provided administrative support to the State Emblems Redesign Commission. Learn more Welcome to the Minnesota Historical Society History shapes, inspires, and informs the present. We strive to bring forward, share, and preserve the diverse histories that make up Minnesota’s complex past. Experience Minnesota history through our network of historic sites, museums, and exhibitions, our extensive collections and research, and our thought-provoking educational programming. Join us! Cultivate your curiosity and experience powerful engagements with history today. Image Get out and explore MNHS historic sites and museums around Minnesota. Historic locations Image View all MNHS programs and events. Events Image Search a wealth of records and images from MNHS collections. Research tools Image Delve into essential research tools, materials, and services. Research Image Learn about field trips, the Northern Lights textbook, primary sources, and more. Education Image MNHS preserves and protects the objects, documents, and places that make Minnesota home. Preservation Image MNHS Press is a leading publisher of books on the history and culture of Minnesota and the Upper Midwest. Publications Image Shop for books and gifts relating to the fascinating people, long history, and unique culture of Minnesota. Shop MNHS Explore Collections, stories, and more Image MNopedia Superior National Forest Superior National Forest is an iconic part of northeast Minnesota that comprises over three million acres (more than 445,000 of which are surface water) of boreal forest. Learn more Image MNHS Press Euphoric Recall Record executive, producer, band manager, club DJ, booking advisor, record store manager—few people had as deep an impact on the Twin Cities alternative and indie rock scene as Peter Jesperson. Buy the book Image Research your family history Use our online resources and the Gale Family Library to research your past and understand the life we share today. Search our extensive database of birth and death certificates and the State Archives. Get started Upcoming MNHS eventsSee all events Sensory Friendly Day at Minnesota History Center March 9, 2024, 9 - 10 am Minnesota History Center, St. Paul Family Day at Historic Fort Snelling: Military Music March 9, 2024, 10 am - 4 pm Historic Fort Snelling, St. Paul Washburn A Mill Tour March 9, 2024, 10 - 11:30 am Mill City Museum, Minneapolis Image 26 locationsUnlimited historyMNHS historic sites and museums offer unique insights into Minnesota’s past and present.Come explore the lives of lumberjacks, learn how Indigenous knowledge has shaped our history, step into the world of famous Minnesotans, or take in spectacular views! Plan your visit Image Become a member MNHS membership is the best way to create your very own historic adventure. Members get the best deal in history with free general admission and discounts on events, purchases, and more at our historic sites and museums for a full year. Join today Stay in the loop about all things Minnesota History.Join Our Mailing List Visit Locations Buy Tickets Become a Member History Center Exhibits Events Calendar COVID-19 Update Explore Overview MNHS Press Collections and Indexes Digital Newspapers Research Help Preservation Educate Overview National History Day Northern Lights Supplemental Curriculum Products Teacher Professional Development Teaching Native American History & Culture Field Trips Teacher Memberships 6th Grade History Pass Who We Are Overview Mission, Vision, Values & Strategic Priorities Leadership Reports Exhibits To Go! Media Room Jobs Internships Fellowships & Residencies Grants Volunteer Support Us Overview Membership Donate Corporate Giving Shop Advocate for History Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Minnesota Historical Society345 W. Kellogg Blvd., St. Paul, MN 55102(800) 657-3773 | (651) 259-3000 | Contact MNHSBox Office(844) 667-8679 | (651) 259-3015 Funding provided by the State of Minnesota, the Legacy Amendment through the vote of Minnesotans on Nov. 4, 2008, and our generous donors and members. © 2024 Minnesota Historical Society Privacy Information Policy Ticketing Policy Visitor Conduct Policy