News Home | Thomson Reuters Foundation News × Our award-winning reporting has moved Context provides news and analysis on three of the world’s most critical issues: climate change, the impact of technology on society, and inclusive economies. BROWSE THE ARCHIVE VISIT CONTEXT This site is archived: Visit Context for the latest news and analysis on the three biggest issues affecting people, society and the environment. CHECK OUT OUR NEW SITE About Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter|Member Login Home Coronavirus Women LGBT+ Climate Economies Technology Slavery Cities Land More In Focus Videos Opinion In Focus Videos Opinion Search Meet Context: Our new journalism platform Abortion rights in Europe - rollbacks and progress Transgender Nigerians fear proposals to criminalise cross-dressing Will Iran's climate inaction fuel rising disaster threats? Latin American domestic workers build apps to fight for rights Rising inflation traps Bangladesh climate migrants South African teens skip school to chase risky crypto dreams Transgender Nigerians fear proposals to criminalise cross-dressing Will Iran's climate inaction fuel rising disaster threats? Digital nomad hotspots grapple with housing squeeze Afghan women under Taliban rule Opinion Ilaria Fevola ARTICLE 19 Big Tech and the right to know Transparency of Big Tech firms is important so users can operate in a predictable environment, and know the possibilities and limits on their behaviour online, with clarity on terms of services and content moderation decisions João Brant Instituto Cultura e Democracia Brazil election: Platforms are not curbing disinformation There is a significant amount of false and misleading information in circulation days before the election, including against the electoral system itself Clare Shine University of Cambridge COP27: Here’s how to unlock Africa’s low-carbon future Private investment is needed for Africa to adopt renewable energy. Here’s why that investment makes sense Nadim Nashif 7amleh Meta and human rights in Palestine An independent report commissioned by Meta recognises there was bias in its content moderation policies toward Palestinians and their supporters Climate We focus on the human and development impacts of climate change. more In Depth Fears of 'subprime' carbon assets stall crypto rainforest mission Rising inflation traps Bangladesh climate migrants Will Iran's climate inaction fuel rising disaster threats? COP27: Why climate-change 'loss and damage' will be a hot topic Could an indigenous funding boost revive stuttering forest pact? COP27: Here’s how to unlock Africa’s low-carbon future Technology We explore how data and technology are impacting people’s rights and societies. more Package Crypto: changing lives on the margins Latin American domestic workers build apps to fight for rights South African teens skip school to chase risky crypto dreams Big Tech and the right to know Brazil election: Platforms are not curbing disinformation Meta and human rights in Palestine Economies We report on how to ensure people globally have economic security and a decent standard of living. more Package Ukraine crisis UK tax cuts seen as cold comfort for poorest Britons American dream or pipe dream? Poverty forces Mexicans to migrate Iraq's political stalemate pushes climate action to backseat Reform must be the legacy of the Qatar World Cup Truss's cost-of-living solution adds fuel to the climate crisis LGBT+ We delve deeper into the issues faced by LGBT+ communities around the world. more Package Ukraine crisis explainer LGBTQ+ Italians on alert over Meloni as right triumphs in election Transgender Nigerians fear proposals to criminalise cross-dressing Violence mars Belgrade Pride, but LGBTQ+ marchers hope for change Australia's LGBTQ+ hate inquiry prompts calls for police to act What are Alberta's proposed gender rules? Coronavirus We show how coronavirus is impacting the lives of vulnerable people globally. more Package Coronavirus vaccine inequality Race for monkeypox vaccines exposes global health inequality U.S. cities home in on tech have-nots - from immigrants to seniors COVID-19 and Ukraine war threaten clean energy gains for poorest Silent wave of financial stress threatens emerging-market crisis US online grocery delivery boom helps open up access to fresh food Cities We examine how cities are reshaping the way people live. more In Depth Cities reboot: Urban life in the age of COVID-19 Could an indigenous funding boost revive stuttering forest pact? Will Pakistan floods spur better climate disaster planning? Sewage beer: What can we learn from Singapore's water recycling? U.S. cities push the homeless to live in tent camps Heatwaves: What can hot countries teach us about keeping cool? Women We focus on stories that help to empower women and bring lasting change to gender inequality. more Package Abortion curbs around the world Abortion rights in Europe - rollbacks and progress explainer Why Black women bear brunt of strict U.S. abortion laws Women sacrifice their health to shield families from spiking costs Mahsa Amini death: facial recognition to hunt hijab rebels in Iran Nigerian ride-hailing app aims to put women at ease Land We shine a light on how land and property rights can empower communities worldwide. more In Depth Land to lose: coronavirus compounds debt crisis in Cambodia analysis Will Indonesia's new forest pact with Norway drive more funding? Where's the beef? Brazil balances barbecues and forest protection Death and deforestation: Cocaine trade adds to Amazon's woes Zanzibar: drones, digital mapping speed up land ownership Mining firms doubt India's plan to dig deep for coal Slavery We shine a light on human trafficking, forced labour and modern-day slavery. more In Depth Inside Amazon's shadow workforce in Mexico Modern slavery on the rise as crises fuel poverty - U.N. report UK digital residence checks lock out refugees, slavery victims Uprooted again, Nigerians who fled Boko Haram face new dangers We must learn from Mo Farah if Britain is to end trafficking Social protection must be extended to millions of informal workers Videos more Antiwork & The Great Resignation: Why workers are quitting Earth Focus: Fighting for Air Earth Focus: For the Love of the Land Earth Focus: You Are Where You Live Are crypto donations having an impact in Ukraine? How investigators fact-check Ukraine war footage Editor's Picks As U.S. bakes, mapping shows Black, Latino areas feel more heat explainer How could positive 'tipping points' accelerate climate action? 'Start my life from zero': Poor Pakistanis face heavy cost of floods Pakistan floods deal fresh blow to struggling small businesses In Depth analysis As climate 'tipping points' near, scientists plan for the unthinkable INSIGHT-Low-carbon bitcoin? Crypto miners' green power talk angers Texas locals analysis As 1.5C warming limit nears, interest in sun-dimming tech heats up Portugal fights wildfires with new tactics as heatwaves raise risk Trending 1As climate 'tipping points' near, scientists plan for the ... 2Roe v Wade: Which US states are banning abortion? 3Vanuatu breaks ground with 'loss and damage' in climate plan 4What will new British PM Liz Truss do on LGBTQ+ issues? 5Activists say China's new Silk Road equips autocrats with spy tech About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of about 55 journalists and more than 350 freelancers covers the lives of people around the world who struggle to live freely or fairly. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Context Copyright © 2020 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) JoinUs Cookie Consent by Free Privacy Policy Generator website -->