Home Page - MotherToBaby Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer English Español (Spanish) MotherToBabyMedications and More during pregnancy and breastfeedingSearchSearch this website Hide SearchShopping CartShow SearchSearch866.626.6847About Our Work Our Team Our Partners Exposures Pregnancy and Breastfeeding Exposures Fact Sheets Baby Blogs Podcasts LactRx App Studies Ongoing Studies What’s Involved? Join Now Health Providers Pharma Industry Publications Health Professionals Patient Education and Provider Resources Refer a Patient Request Materials Meetings FAQs OTIS Membership Media Media Requests Press Releases eNews Sign Up In Your Area OTIS About OTIS OTIS Membership Annual Meeting Member Log-In Donate Contact Show SearchSearch Explore our website, now in Spanish! Our site is now in both English and Spanish so our Latinx families can fully access information about our no-cost exposure information service and pregnancy studies. Contact Us COVID-19, Flu & RSV Vaccines Have questions about protecting yourself from COVID-19, the flu and RSV during pregnancy in the season ahead? Contact Us Visit Our Exposure Hubs Exposures may impact your developing baby. Browse our most popular topics on the effects of medications, maternal health, substances, and other exposures. Is it safe for your baby? Browse topics Access Our Fact Sheets Our quick and easy-to-read Fact Sheets answer frequently asked questions about 250+ maternal health conditions, medications, and other exposures during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Search Now Discover Our Pregnancy Studies Our observational studies examine the effects of medications and health conditions during pregnancy. Your participation can help improve product safety information and help parents-to-be and health providers better navigate treatment decisions with more information on benefits or risks. Learn More COVID-19 Updates Our MotherToBaby experts have issued updates to our educational resources on COVID-19 during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Quickly find the essential information that you need. LEARN MORE Inclusion for All MotherToBaby welcomes all individuals and families at all stages of their pregnancy and lactation journey and recognizes that not all people identify as “men” or “women.” We strive to use gender-neutral language when talking about pregnancy and lactation. By using inclusive and non-gendered terminology, we strive to enable all families to be empowered to reach their personal and familial pregnancy and lactation goals. While our name still contains a reference to “mothers”, we have updated our website and resources to use more inclusive terms where possible and where doing so allows the overall message to remain clear to the general population. We welcome feedback on any of the terms used and acknowledge that our understanding of these terms will evolve over time and is always better informed by open dialogue. ABOUT US What Can MotherToBaby Offer You? Resources for People Who Are Pregnant and/or Breastfeeding Get easy-to-read information on benefits or risk of medications, drugs, or other exposures during pregnancy and while breastfeeding. Browse now Healthcare Professionals Your one-stop resource for patient education materials, teratogen information services, and research studies for pregnant and lactating patients. Access materials Baby Blog News & Updates Getting to the Heart of the Matter: Hypertension and Pregnancy among the Black CommunityMy baby sister was 35 years old and pregnant with her first child. As a family, we were ecstatic. The family was expanding, and I was about to be an aunt for the third time. She was in her 3rd trimester and very pregnant, but she was up there in the choir singing and dancing… Read Getting to the Heart of the Matter: Hypertension and Pregnancy among the Black Community Ep. 66: HIV and BreastfeedingBecky Spencer, PhD, APRN, PMHNP-BC, IBCLC, PMH-C, FILCA joins host Chris Stallman, CGC, to talk about updated information about having HIV and breastfeeding. Dr. Spencer discusses the stigma and provides the latest evidence-based guidelines for HIV-positive parents. Listen Ep. 66: HIV and Breastfeeding MotherToBaby Launches Spanish-Language Digital Health Website to Reach Underserved Latinx Communities in the U.S. & CanadaThe Bilingual Website is the Latest Addition to the Non-Profit’s Toolkit to Promote Healthy Pregnancies and Reduce Birth Defects BRENTWOOD, TN – ¿Hablas español? ¡Sí! In time for January’s Birth Defects Awareness Month, MotherToBaby is proud to announce the launch of its… View MotherToBaby Launches Spanish-Language Digital Health Website to Reach Underserved Latinx Communities in the U.S. & Canada Pregnancy Due Date Calculator Find out your estimated due date by entering the first day of your last menstrual period and your average cycle length. Did You Know? Only 1 in 20 babies are born on their actual due date. A normal pregnancy often lasts between 38 to 42 weeks, which keeps most parents guessing right up until labor starts! Request Materials Order free materials for patients and health providers about our information service and pregnancy studies. Request Stay in Touch Our e-Newsletter brings you the latest information, news, and resources from the experts at MotherToBaby. Sign Up Make a Donation Your generous support helps us provide exposure information to families and health providers. donate Footer Hot Links Home Exposures Fact Sheets Baby Blogs Podcasts Pregnancy Studies Join a Study Now Healthcare Professionals Refer a Patient Request Materials News Donate Ask An Expert Current Studies Ankylosing Spondylitis Asthma Coronavirus (COVID-19) Crohn’s Disease Eczema (Moderate-to-Severe)/Atopic Dermatitis Multiple Sclerosis Pertussis/Tdap vaccine (“Whooping Cough” vaccine) Psoriasis Psoriatic Arthritis Rheumatoid Arthritis Contact Exposure Information Service 866.626.6847 Pregnancy Studies 877.311.8972 Media Inquiries 619.368.3259 nchavez@mothertobaby.org MotherToBaby, a service of the Organization of Teratology Information Specialists Copyright © 2024 The Organization of Teratology Information SpecialistsAccessibility Privacy Terms Site Map ^ This website is supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) as part of an award totaling $6,000,000 with zero percentage financed with non-governmental sources. The contents are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the official views of, nor an endorsement by, HRSA, HHS, or the U.S. Government.