Reason Magazine - Free Minds and Free Markets Latest Magazine Current Issue Archives Subscribe Crossword Video Podcasts All Shows The Reason Roundtable The Reason Interview With Nick Gillespie The Soho Forum Debates Just Asking Questions The Best of Reason Magazine Why We Can't Have Nice Things Volokh Newsletters Donate Donate Online Donate Crypto Ways To Give To Reason Foundation Torchbearer Society Planned Giving Subscribe Reason Plus Subscription Print Subscription Search for: Login FormUsername(Required) Password(Required) Remember Me Login Create new accountForgot password Campaigns/Elections There Are So Many Ways the 2024 Election Could Go Wrong No matter who wins between Joe Biden and Donald Trump, chaos is likely to ensue. Katherine Mangu-Ward Commander in Chains: 7 Scenarios If Trump Is Jailed and Wins the Election Supreme Court Supreme Court Unanimously Rules That States May Not Disqualify Trump As an Insurrectionist Three justices who concurred in that judgment accuse the majority of trying to "insulate all alleged insurrectionists from future challenges" by going further than necessary. Jacob Sullum Drug Policy Oregon Legislators Overwhelmingly Vote To Recriminalize Low-Level Drug Possession The reversal of a landmark reform was driven by unrealistic expectations and unproven assertions. Jacob Sullum Javier Milei Milei Closes State News Agency Télam for 'Spreading Propaganda' "It is immoral that in a poor country like ours," the Argentine president said, "the government spends the people's money to buy the will of journalists." Katarina Hall Voting Rank Choices Matt Welch, Katherine Mangu-Ward, Nick Gillespie, and Peter Suderman Criminal Justice A Paramedic Got 5 Years in Prison for Elijah McClain's Death. That's Not Justice. Billy Binion Clemency Rudy Carey Was Pardoned, but the Unjust Law That Kept Him From Working Is Still on the Books Sofia Hamilton Reproductive Freedom Virginia Surrogacy Bill Doesn't Go Far Enough Elizabeth Nolan Brown Social Media DeSantis Vetoed a Social Media Age-Verification Law, but That Doesn't Mean He Won't Sign a New One Emma Camp FEDERAL GOVERNMENT Utah Tells the Feds To Pound Sand J.D. Tuccille Thomas Massie Is Railing Against the 'Virtue Signal Vote' Zach Weissmueller and Liz Wolfe Brian Riedl: Who Bankrupted Us More—Trump or Biden? Nick Gillespie A History of Taxpayer Revolts David T. Beito Latest Marijuana A Belated Bureaucratic Reversal on Pot Marijuana's classification has always been a political question, not a medical one. Jacob Sullum | 3.5.2024 6:00 AM Alcohol Brickbat: Pop the Top Charles Oliver | 3.5.2024 4:00 AM National Security National Guardsman Gets 16 Years for Leaking Pentagon Docs Over Discord Jack Teixeira shared documents on the war in Ukraine to a gamer group on Discord. Matthew Petti | 3.4.2024 6:06 PM Election 2024 'Super' Week Plus: A partial budget deal, Super Tuesday, the State of the Union, Harris calls for a cease-fire, and more... Eric Boehm | 3.4.2024 9:30 AM State Governments Utah Tells the Feds To Pound Sand The Beehive State joins a growing wave of defiance aimed at Washington, D.C. J.D. Tuccille | 3.4.2024 7:00 AM Free Speech Brickbat: Watch What You Say Charles Oliver | 3.4.2024 4:00 AM Most Read1Utah Tells the Feds To Pound Sand2Florida Man Sentenced to 4 Years in Federal Prison After Shooting Down a Drone3Texas and Florida Say the First Amendment Must Be Sacrificed to Save It4Supreme Court Unanimously Rules That States May Not Disqualify Trump As an Insurrectionist5Thomas Massie Is Railing Against the 'Virtue Signal Vote' Podcast Rank Choices Plus: A listener asks the editors for short quotes from fictional works that are representative of libertarian ideas. Matt Welch, Katherine Mangu-Ward, Nick Gillespie, and Peter Suderman | 3.4.2024 4:50 PM Listen Now Javier Milei Milei Is Defying Argentina's Powerful Labor Unions President Javier Milei's adversaries are wealthy Argentines who have benefited from government largesse. Zach Weissmueller | 3.3.2024 7:00 AM Congress Thomas Massie Is Railing Against the 'Virtue Signal Vote' "I have a history of being the only vote that was a 'no,'" the Kentucky Republican tells Reason. Zach Weissmueller and Liz Wolfe | 3.3.2024 6:00 AM Argentina Milei's Free Market Reforms Can Reshape Argentine Cinema Decades of protectionism have led to the film industry’s decline, but a free market can make it bloom. Eloy Vera | 3.2.2024 7:00 AM Israel Airdropping Aid to Gaza Is an Expensive Gimmick The airlift avoids the real problems causing starvation. Matthew Petti | 3.1.2024 5:33 PM Iran Record Low Turnout in Iran as Voters Lose Faith in Elections Iran’s leaders wanted to show the world a high voter turnout. Instead, people stayed home for the "sham" elections. Matthew Petti | 3.1.2024 5:30 PM Immigration The Myth of the Migrant Crime Wave The "data that exist for this year show consistent declines in major crimes in major cities." Fiona Harrigan | 3.1.2024 5:15 PM Video The Bukele Model Means Security Without Liberty El Salvador stands at a crossroads between popular sentiment and adherence to constitutional principles. Katarina Hall Watch More Minimum Wage Of Course Special Interests Shaped California's New Minimum Wage Law Gov. Gavin Newsom's response to allegations of favoritism only serve to underline how the entire fast food minimum wage law was a giveaway to his buddies. Eric Boehm | 3.1.2024 4:30 PM First Amendment Town Says Burger Joint's Mural Can't Show Any Burgers Salina, Kansas, restaurant owner Steve Howard argues in a new lawsuit that the city's sign regulations violate the First Amendment. Christian Britschgi | 3.1.2024 4:15 PM Drones Florida Man Sentenced to 4 Years in Federal Prison After Shooting Down a Drone Rather than destruction of property, Wendell Goney was convicted of possession of a firearm as a felon. Joe Lancaster | 3.1.2024 3:44 PM Israel What's the Root Cause of the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict? Eli Lake of The Free Press debates author Jeremy Hammond at The Soho Forum. Gene Epstein | 3.1.2024 3:30 PM Second Amendment California Violated the Second Amendment by Disarming People Based on Nullified Convictions A federal judge ruled that three men who committed nonviolent felonies decades ago are entitled to buy, own, and possess guns. Jacob Sullum | 3.1.2024 3:05 PM Movies Dune: Part Two Is a Glorious Sci-Fi Spectacle The sequel is about ecology, politics, economics, imperialism, and much more. But mostly it's about worms. Peter Suderman | 3.1.2024 11:04 AM New at ReasonReason's latest commentary, videos, and podcasts sent right to your inbox in a daily afternoon email. Email(Required) CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit Δ The Volokh Conspiracy Mostly law professors | Sometimes contrarian | Often libertarian | Always independent | Est. 2002 The Modern Supreme Court Agrees With Chief Justice Chase: Trump Cannot Be Removed From The Presidential Ballot Josh Blackman Immigration Border Pageantry Plus: Putin threatens nukes, D.C. mulls a crackdown on theft, Bloomberg blames right-wingers, and more... Liz Wolfe | 3.1.2024 9:30 AM Crossword License to Chill: Puzzle #31 "Leo the Lion's studio" Stella Zawistowski | 3.1.2024 8:00 AM Education More Evidence That COVID School Closures Wrecked Student Performance California's poorly served public school students need more than a few more dollars diverted to tutoring programs. They need an escape hatch. Steven Greenhut | 3.1.2024 7:30 AM Authoritarianism Report Finds Rise in Governments Targeting Dissidents Overseas One in five national governments tried to intimidate or kill exiles in recent years. J.D. Tuccille | 3.1.2024 7:00 AM Movies Review: Is Saltburn an Eat-the-Rich Comedy? Not Quite. Critics are misreading the movie. The wealthy are not the villains in this story. Robby Soave | 3.1.2024 6:30 AM Television Review: For All Mankind Offers an Alternate History of Moon Exploration What if Russia had landed on the moon before the United States? Peter Suderman | 3.1.2024 6:00 AM View All Latest April 2024 Magazine Commander in Chains?There is nothing in the Constitution that prevents an inmate from winning the presidency.Keith E. Whittington See this issue Subscribe to Reason About Browse Topics Events Staff Jobs Donate Advertise Subscribe Contact Media Shop Amazon Reason FacebookReason TwitterReason InstagramReason TikTokReason YoutubeReason ItunesReason on FlipboardReason RSS © 2024 Reason Foundation | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.