The Secret® to the Law of Attraction | Manifest Your Dreams Join the email list - The Secret Scrolls from Rhonda Byrne Explore Manifestation Cards Bundles The Secret: Remastered The Greatest Secret Masterclass Blog Stories Tell Us Your Story Our Videos Rhonda TV Rhonda Talks Rhonda Live Ask Rhonda About Our Mission Rhonda Byrne’s Biography Creative Team History of The Secret Products All Products Apps Audiobooks Books Card Deck E-Books Films Masterclass World Languages Films The Secret: Remastered The Secret Documentary The Secret: Dare to Dream Gifts for You The Secret Super App The Secret Scrolls Memory Game The Magic Check The Secret Check The Science of Getting Rich E-Book Translate English Español Français Dutch Italiano Russian German Portuguese Swedish More Languages Close Explore Manifestation Cards Bundles The Secret: Remastered The Greatest Secret Masterclass Blog Stories Tell Us Your Story Our Videos Rhonda TV Rhonda Talks Rhonda Live Ask Rhonda About Our Mission Rhonda Byrne’s Biography Creative Team History of The Secret Products All Products Apps Audiobooks Books Card Deck E-Books Films Masterclass World Languages Films The Secret: Remastered The Secret Documentary The Secret: Dare to Dream Gifts for You The Secret Super App The Secret Scrolls Memory Game The Magic Check The Secret Check The Science of Getting Rich E-Book Translate English Español Français Dutch Italiano Russian German Portuguese Swedish More Languages IntroducingThe SecretManifestation CardsManifestation just got easier.Learn More IntroducingThe SecretManifestation CardsEnhance your manifesting.Learn More IntroducingThe SecretManifestation CardsManifest your dreams every day.Learn More You can have, do, or be anything you want. Find out how with The Secret. The Secret’s principles for manifestation – visualization, gratitude, intention, and mastering your thoughts and feelings – allow you to easily use the law of attraction to create anything you desire. You can manifest abundance of every kind, beauty all around you, better health, better relationships, and a life filled with gratitude and happiness. Your manifesting journey begins now, with deciding what you want. What do you want? To BeHappy BetterRelationships Successin Life MoreMoney BetterHealth The SecretFor Teens The SecretFor Kids To Playa Game To PracticeGratitude To ExpandAwareness Help StayingPositive Daily Reminders BeginManifesting MasterManifesting Connect withCommunity Live an extraordinary life and awaken your dreams! The Secret to Teen Power explores the Law of Attraction from a teenager’s point of view. Find The Secret to Teen Power in these formats: BOOKEBOOKAUDIOBOOK Imagination is the creative force of the Universe! The Power of Henry’s Imagination is a picture story book exploring one of The Secret principles: visualization. Find The Power of Henry’s Imagination in these formats: BOOKEBOOK The easiest, fastest way to lasting happiness is to practice gratitude. Find the 28 most powerful gratitude practices in The Magic! Find The Magic in these formats: BOOKEBOOKAUDIOBOOK The simple secret to having more money is believing you are already wealthy! Every single time you use The Secret to Money App you are thinking and acting like you are wealthy NOW. Explore The Secret to Money App, available on: ANDROIDIPHONE Love everything around you, and the love MUST come back to you - a hundred fold! The Power reveals the greatest force in the universe, and exactly how to use it - for better relationships and for everything you could ever want. Find The Power in these formats: BOOKEBOOKAUDIOBOOK Whatever dream you are dreaming, KNOW that the Universe wants you to succeed. Hero lights the way for your dream - step-by-step through every challenge, hurdle, or set back - until it is realized. Find Hero in these formats: BOOKEBOOKAUDIOBOOK Great health comes from having great thoughts and FEELING great. The Secret Daily Teachings provides a simple, inspiring way to keep your thoughts and feelings positive every single day of the year. The Secret Daily Teachings is available as an app and book in these formats: ANDROIDIPHONEBOOKEBOOK Jump on to a feel-good frequency and sharpen your mind with The Secret’s Memory Game. Play The Secret's Memory Game: MEMORY GAME Everything you want is on the frequency of gratitude. Experience the power of a daily gratitude practice, with The Magic Audiobook and The Secret Gratitude Book. Explore The Magic Book and Audiobook and The Secret Gratitude Book: THE MAGIC BOOK THE MAGIC AUDIOBOOK GRATITUDE BOOK You are pure Awareness. You are Consciousness experiencing itself as a human being. Find out how to experience the truth of who you are with The Greatest Secret. Find The Greatest Secret in these formats: BOOK Thinking positive thoughts is just a habit. Make positive thinking a habit with our powerful free app, The Secret Super App: Gratitude, Affirmations, Stories, Inspiration, and more. Explore The Secret Super App: SUPER APP The more you can keep your thoughts on what you want, the faster you will create what you want. Stay positive every day of the year with The Secret Daily Teachings App. Explore The Secret Daily Teachings App: APP Your life can be abundant - in every area. Become an expert manifester with The Secret to Love, Health, and Money: A Masterclass. Explore The Secret to Love, Health, and Money: A Masterclass MASTERCLASS Whatever you think about, whatever you focus on, you bring to you. The ultimate guide to manifestation: the original book and film, The Secret. Explore The Secret in these formats: BOOK DOCUMENTARY Join millions around the world; the Secret Global Community is here for you. Be inspired, feel good, share and receive insights on living The Secret. Connect with The Secret on Social Media and sign up for The Secret Scrolls newsletter: Sign Up for The Secret Scrolls Story of the Week Read real life stories from people around the world sharing how The Secret has worked in their lives. Amazing stories about manifesting abundance, manifesting love, improving health, and harnessing the power of the Universe in the most miraculous ways. Manifested Money Raining from the Skyby Rick R., from CanadaI had been reading up on the law of attraction and how to manifest things, including The Secret. I read it when I was 19 but I did not get a grasp of it at the time, however, now I am 28. I’m in the job market again and I had for about a year lived without a computer, I just had my phone. I knew I would need a laptop soon for work. So I would visualize having $1,000 in my bank account. Then I would doubt myself and change my visualization to $500, and sometimes even just $100. One day, our internet cut out...READ FULL STORY Go To All StoriesShare Your Story Enhance your manifesting with Rhonda Byrne's The Secret Manifestation Cards! We are excited to share The Secret Manifestation Cards! The sixty-five gorgeous cards are full of The Secret’s most important teachings, as well as simple, powerful practices to ensure you create whatever you want—happiness, health, wealth, and anything you can dream of. The Secret Manifestation Cards provide the power of quick, daily reminders to continually improve and perfect your manifestation practice. Grab a deck for yourself and share with friends who are seeking a path of personal growth and self-reflection! Learn More I'm So Glad You're HereMy intention is and will always be: joy to billions. I’m so glad you’re here. There is so much I have learned that I would love to share with you, so that you can begin to change your life for the better. I know that with a little practice you can master some basic ideas that will help you create abundance of all kinds, loving relationships, great health, happiness, and anything else that you dream of having, doing, or being. It’s my passion and joy to share these ideas with as many people as I can. While life can be challenging, we are not here to struggle and suffer: we are here to create our dreams, to love, and to experience happiness, fulfillment, and joy. This is every single person’s birthright. You are a creative being who has the power to manifest anything you desire – and whatever you want for you, the Universe wants for you, too. Ask, Believe, Receive. With love and gratitude, Rhonda Byrne Explore the Secret APPS BOOKS FILMS AUDIOBOOKS E-BOOKS SCROLLS RELIVE THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME The documentary that swept the world and inspired millions is now more powerful than ever, remastered in high definition. You’ve never experienced The Secret like this! RELIVE THE JOY LIVE YOUR BEST LIFE Stay on track with manifesting whatever you want. Inspiration. Stories. Gratitude. Affirmations. 100% FREE DOWNLOAD AM I AWARE? Find joy and fulfillment in knowing who you truly are. This book will open your awareness to a greater reality. GO DEEPER THOUGHTS BECOME THINGS The Universe gives you everything you think about and focus on. Learn to manifest what you want with The Secret. TREAT YOURSELF TweetShareSharePin Our ProductsApps Audiobooks Books Card Deck E-Books Films Help ResourcesThe Secret Store The Secret Stories The Secret Blog FAQ World Languages Customer Privacy Policy Our CompanyContact Us Our Mission Rhonda Byrne’s Biography History of The Secret The Creative Team Media Search Connect With Us © Copyright 2023 The Secret. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | No Spam Policy | Site Credit