Missouri State University - Missouri State Skip to contentSkip to navigation Log in A-Z Search Go abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Missouri State University About MSU Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni Family Programs Athletics Presidential Search Public Affairs Mission Inclusive Engagement News Research Tuition and Fees Visitor’s Guide Apply Now Freshman Admission Majors and Programs Transfer Graduate International Online Programs Majors and Programs Student Life Guide to Services Registration Financial Aid Residence Life Work at MSU Directory Human Resources Office of the Provost Professional Development Alumni Events Alumni News Transcript Request Make a Gift Family Weekend Important Dates Make a Payment Tickets Schedules Facilities Social Media Bears Fund Highlights of various professors conducting research in their field. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Make Your Missouri Statement It's your time to be heard. Take a Virtual Tour Apply now Navigate FAFSA March 5-6 Giving Day Missouri State’s Giving Day allows alumni and friends to come together and make a collective difference for our university. Thousands unite across the globe, making an immediate impact on the campus community in support of fellow Bears and Grizzlies. Make a Gift Incoming President Dr. Richard “Biff” Williams will become the 12th president of Missouri State University. The university’s Board of Governors announced the selection on March 4, 2024. View Details Academics Majors and programs An education at Missouri State prepares you for lifetime success. Whether you need a major, graduate degree or certificate, our programs are built to meet your needs. Find your degree program Experience campus Take a tour - in person or virtual You can explore campus from anywhere. Set a time to visit in person, explore campus yourself on a virtual tour or join others on a Zoom info session. Discover the places where you’ll live, learn and hang out. Careers Explore career outcomes Ready to take your place in a bigger world, and be a part of a bigger conversation? With a degree from Missouri State, you will. What sets us apart professional doctoral programs 10 Plus 90+ undergraduate majors, 60+ graduate programs, 170+ certificates and 37 degree types. Search majors and programs Admissions 504 Increase in freshmen class enrollment for the 2023-24 school year. Join the Bears CAREER OUTCOMES 92% Of graduates report successful employment or continuing education after graduation. Ensure your success Virutal tour Access Help for your academic journey Your access to Missouri State is better than ever. Apply for free. Get free dual credit. Take online classes. Find out how easy it is to become a Bear. Request information Explore scholarships and financial aid Find out what's available to you. Apply for free Undergraduates can apply for free on our website or the Common App. Earn dual credit Qualified students can earn free college credit while in high school. Discover Bear POWER Check out the inclusive program that makes college possible for all. Meet a Citizen Bear Chemistry with a twist Motivated by the thrill of discovery and a passion for helping others, Preston Clubb turns complex topics into real-world knowledge. Read Preston's story 1out of3 Meet a Citizen Bear Making sense of the world To understand current issues, Shania Dedigama investigates the roots. Read Shania's story 2out of3 Meet a Citizen Bear A vision for the future Tylea Wilson wants to reshape the narrative of the entertainment world. Read Tylea's story 3out of3 What’s new at Missouri State Discover the latest stories, upcoming events and other things going on in our community. From alumni across the world to students right here in Springfield, stay in the know about everything Missouri State. Follow along Envision yourself as a Bear! Mark your calendars for the Missouri State Showcase on April 6. Tour the MSU campus, get started on the admissions process and meet current students and faculty. A new partnership aims to make education more affordable Movers, shakers and geology majors: why this career path rocks Experience a series of informative events led by the experts This new education center is a home for small animals Mark your calendar Find out what's coming up and how you can get involved. Access the full calendar March 1-27 Women's History Month Join the celebration March 5-6 Giving Day Be Part of the Future March 7-10 Arch Madness Cheer on the Bears Virutal tour Missouri State University Missouri State University 901 S. National Ave.Springfield, MO 65897 Info@MissouriState.edu 417-836-5000 Take a Virtual Tour Campuses Missouri State University Missouri State University-West Plains Missouri State University-Mountain Grove Missouri State University-China Programs #GoMaroon Accessibility Disclaimer Disclosures EO/AA/F/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity © 2023 Board of Governors, Missouri State University Contact Information Healthcare MRFs ©