Mozilla Foundation - Homepage Home Who we are What we do What we fund What you can do Blog Newsletter Mozilla Foundation Who we are What we do What we fund What you can do Blog Donate Newsletter No thanks Accelerating Progress Toward Trustworthy AI Learn about Mozilla's work on AI The Mozilla Foundation works to ensure the internet remains a public resource that is open and accessible to us all. Learn more about our work Our areas of focus Rally Citizens Issues like privacy, trustworthy AI, and digital rights impact all of us who use the internet. Mozilla helps translate them and empower meaningful change. Connect Leaders We support activists and thought leaders shaping the future of our online lives. Shape the Agenda We publish open-source research and host global convenings to make ideas like trustworthy AI mainstream. News you can use Read more news Insights Mozilla Research: Watermarking, Content Labeling Struggle to Effectively Distinguish AI-Generated Content Popular methods used for disclosing synthetic content only rate as ‘Low’ or ‘Fair’ in Mozilla analysis. Shortcomings persist amid 2024’s record-number of… Mozilla Insights Mozilla Research: Watermarking, Content Labeling Struggle to Effectively Distinguish AI-Generated Content Mozilla Advocacy Was This Video Generated Using AI? Here’s How To Tell Xavier Harding Fellowships & Awards New Research: Are Well-Being Apps Actually Harming Us? Mozilla Advocacy Privacy For All: Mozilla’s Campaign to Think Globally, Act Locally on Privacy and AI Reem Suleiman Read more news Spotlight Spotlight: The Data Futures Lab Mozilla Welcomes 2023 Data Futures Lab Cohort Mozilla A Community-based Tool to Block Hateful Content on Social Media Tracy Kariuki Using Data to Confront ‘Digital Deserts’ and Connect More Black Americans Kevin Zawacki Take action Microsoft: Are You Using Customer Data To Train AI? TikTok: Stop Misleading Android Users Amazon: Fix This Security Flaw in Ring Doorbells Car Companies: Stop Your Data Collection Programs Of all the groups we work with regularly, very few have had the impact that our collaborations with Mozilla have had over the years…it’s absolutely a match made in heaven. Jenny Toomey Ford Foundation Partner with us Help fund, shape, and expand Mozilla work toward a healthy internet and trustworthy AI. Let’s work together We all love the Web. Join Mozilla in defending it. Let’s protect the world’s largest resource for future generations. Donate now More about us Twitter Instagram GitHub Youtube Donate Careers Cookies Legal Participation Guidelines Press Center Privacy This website supports Web Monetization. Read more about our implementation Language Deutsch English Español Français Frysk Kiswahili Nederlands Polski Português Mozilla is a global non-profit dedicated to putting you in control of your online experience and shaping the future of the web for the public good. Visit us at foundation.mozilla.org. Most content available under a Creative Commons license.