Home Skip to main content or main navigation Institute D1 Algorithms & Complexity D2 Computer Vision and Machine Learning D3 Internet Architecture D4 Computer Graphics D5 Databases and Information Systems D6 Visual Computing and Artificial Intelligence BIO Research Group Computational Biology RG1 Automation of Logic RG2 Network and Cloud Systems RG3 Multimodal Language Processing Home Institute Mission Address Executive Board Scientific Members of MPG Scientific Advisory Board Board of Trustees News Latest Press Releases Awards Spotlights 25th anniversary 30th anniversary Campus Event Calendar Employment Tenure-track Faculty Openings at Computer Science MPIs Researcher Assistant (m/f/d) for 6G-RIC project Lise Meitner Award Postdoctoral Fellowship Joint Research Fellowships with the Simons Institute Hiring: CS/EE postdoc (m/f/d) & PhD positions (m/f/d) on optical networking Departments D1 Algorithms & Complexity D2 Computer Vision and Machine Learning D3 Internet Architecture D4 Computer Graphics D5 Databases and Information Systems D6 Visual Computing and Artificial Intelligence BIO Research Group Computational Biology RG1 Automation of Logic RG2 Network and Cloud Systems RG3 Multimodal Language Processing Publications Algorithms & Complexity Computer Vision and Machine Learning Internet Architecture Computer Graphics Databases and Information Systems Visual Computing and Artificial Intelligence Automation of Logic Network and Cloud Systems Research Reports Scientific Advisory Board Curatorship Board IMPRS-CS IMPRS-CS Publications Current Year Last Year The Year Before Last People IMPRS-TRUST Software Services Joint Central Services Joint Administration Library International Office Joint Scientific IT and Technical Services Building and Technical Support Research Coordination Representative for Equal Opportunities Equal Opportunities Representative for Severely Disabled Persons Representative for Safety Ombudsperson for Good Scientific Practice and Doctoral Research Company Physician CS@MPG CS@SAAR Saarland Informatics Campus Computer Science Department, Saarland University Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS) German Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI) CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security VIA - Saarbrücken Center for Visual Computing, Interaction and Artificial Intelligence Graduate School of Computer Science Max Planck Center for Visual Computing and Communication Kaiserslautern-Saarbrücken Computer Science Cluster IT-Inkubator Deutsch Our Mission Algorithms and their applications are and have always been the main focus of the Institute. They are the core of what makes computer systems useful and productive. They influence every aspect of our daily lives and are the basis for industrial change. Throughout the last decade, major parts of our research effort have focused on multimodal computing. The grand challenge is to understand, search, and organize large, distributed, noisy, incomplete, and diverse information in a robust, efficient, and intelligent manner. Our research ranges from foundations (algorithms and complexity, automation of logic) to a variety of multimodal domains (computer graphics and vision, geometric computation, intelligent information systems, adaptive networks). In recent years, research on foundations of machine learning, as well as the investigation of machine learning and artificial intelligence methods at the intersection to the aforementioned research domains, has become an important part of the research of our institute. The overarching mission of the Institute is to be one of the world’s top players and strategic trend-setters on these topics. Most of the major advances in computer science have come through the combination of new theoretical insights and application-oriented experimental validation, all driven by outstanding researchers. Our goal is, thus, to have impact through publications, software, services, and data resources enabled by our research, and people alike.Read more Latest News 05 January, 2024Max Planck Institute for Informatics and Google are expanding their strategic partnership on artificial intelligence 30 January 2024Anja Feldmann was appointed ACM Fellow12 January 2024Gerhard Weikum bestowed with doctor honoris causa by Athens University.16 October, 2023Vahid Babei awarded Curious-Minds-Award 2023. Departments D1 Algorithms and Complexity Prof. Danupon Nanongkai, Ph.D. D2 Computer Vision and Machine Learning Prof. Dr. Bernt Schiele D3 Internet Architecture Prof. Anja Feldmann, Ph.D. D4 Computer Graphics Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Seidel D5 Databases and Information Systems Prof. Dr. Gerhard Weikum D6 Visual Computing and Artificial Intelligence Prof. Dr. Christian Theobalt BIO Research Group Computational Biology Prof. Dr. Dr. Thomas Lengauer RG1 Automation of Logic Prof. Dr. Christoph Weidenbach RG2 Network and Cloud Systems Dr. Yiting Xia RG3 Multimodal Language Processing Prof. Dr. Vera Demberg Research Spotlight Human Motion from Video and Inertial Measurement UnitsWe use a combination of Inertial Measurement Units and a video camera to extract full-body human movement.3D Human Pose and Shape EstimationExtract 3D from 2D? How to obtain realistic human 3D models from 2D pictures.Making computers know how much they know.How to make a computer algorithm "know" that its knowledge is limited.Questioning the Status Quo in Video StreamingNot all bytes of a video stream require reliable data transfer — We show how to optimize video streaming using a partially reliable transport.Linear Algebra Primitives for Geometry Processing: Really Affordable High PerformanceHow to streamline geometry processing operations from the ground up in an intuitive and platform-independent manner. Directors & Senior Researchers Vahid BabaeiMartin BrombergerAnja Feldmann, DirectorTobias FiebigOliver GasserAndreas KarrenbauerThomas Lengauer, Director EmeritusJan Eric LenssenKurt Mehlhorn, Director EmeritusKarol MyszkowskiDanupon Nanongkai, DirectorBernt Schiele, DirectorHans-Peter Seidel, DirectorGurprit SinghChristian Theobalt, DirectorChristoph WeidenbachGerhard Weikum, Director EmeritusYiting Xia Did you know... VIA Research Center SaarbrückenIn 2022 the Max Planck Institute (MPI) for Informatics in Saarbrücken (Germany) and Google established a strategic partnership: the Saarbrücken Research Center for Visual Computing, Interaction and Artificial Intelligence (VIA) at the MPI for Informatics. The center investigates basic frontier research challenges in computer graphics, computer vision, and human machine interaction, at the intersection to artificial intelligence and machine learning.MoreDoctoral Research ProgramThe International Max Planck Research School on Trustworthy Computing (IMPRS-TRUST) is a graduate program jointly run by the Max Planck Institute for Informatics, the Max Planck Institute for Software Systems, the Computer Science Department at Saarland University, and the Computer Science Department at TU Kaiserslautern.More Top Quick Links LocationPressCOVID-19 Contact Max-Planck-Gesellschaft SitemapImprintData Protection © 2024, Max-Planck-Gesellschaft