Digital.gov — Guidance on building better digital services in government Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPSA lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Guidance on building better digital services in government Menu News Events Resources Communities Tools Subscribe to our newsletter Search small Better websites. Better government. View Events Join Communities How to implement 21st Century IDEA Requirements for delivering a digital-first public experience —Learn how to implement 21st Century IDEA to design and deliver better websites and digital services. Guide to the Digital Analytics Program —The Digital Analytics Program (DAP) offers advanced, easy web analytics for federal agencies. An introduction to analytics —Learn how to set performance goals, and identify specific KPIs and targets to measure and meet them, using web analytics. An introduction to domain management —A .gov domain instantly conveys credibility and trustworthiness, and proper domain management practices ensure that your website is secure … An introduction to digital governance —Learn why governance is essential to digital experience. See all 21st Century IDEA resources Digital.gov Communities of PracticeCollaborate and share resources with other communities across government who are focused on building better digital experience in government. Web Managers Create a better online experience for the public alongside government web content managers. Connect with Web Managers Communicators Improve written and verbal communication to make government more effective. Connect with Communicators Multilingual Expand and improve digital content in languages other than English. Connect with Multilingual Plain Language Promote the use of plain language to provide better service to the public. Connect with Plain Language Social Media Improve social media outreach and performance. Connect with Social Media User Experience Create better user-centered products for the public. Connect with User Experience Web Analytics Make better decisions using web analytics and other optimization strategies. Connect with Web Analytics News and Events Innovative work, news, and ideas from people and teams in government Write for us Optimizing the federal digital experience: aligning content governance, coordination, and database development This blog post dives into the details of building a dynamic content database and audit for onrr.gov. Learn how effective subject matter expert (SME) coordination, strategic content planning, and application of visualization tools contribute to enhancing content governance and user experience on a federal website. — via Office of Natural Resources Revenue Feb 20, 2024 USWDS USWDS Monthly Call - February 2024 Learn about the USWDS component lifecycle, and how you can suggest a new component. Hosted by Digital.gov and the U.S. Web Design System Feb 15, 2024 2024 Annual Gathering Spring 2024 Community Summit Digital service experts across the federal government will share case studies and best practices on delivering a digital-first public experience. Mar 13, 2024 Register for Mar 13 Timeless top 10 best practices for great government websites While the field of federal web management continues to evolve, the core best practices have remained essentially unchanged for two decades. Posts by Ammie Farraj Feijoo Posts by Rachel Flagg Feb 09, 2024 Balancing priorities and values This article summarizes four priorities and values that simply take time: consideration of the public’s time, privacy, accessibility and equity, and scope. Posts by Kira Tebbe Feb 08, 2024 Getting the word out about voter registration: Vote.gov’s first social media takeover with USAGov Last fall, vote.gov and the USAGov program partnered for their first-ever social media takeover on National Voter Registration Day. The campaign, which encouraged the public to register to vote, reached 36,000 people across USAGov’s platforms and generated over 2,000 engagements. The partnership raised awareness for vote.gov, boosted vote.gov’s website traffic, and laid the groundwork for the future collaborations and resource-sharing between the two entities. This collaboration between vote.gov and USAGov offers a model for social media takeovers and partnerships between federal agencies and teams. — via USA.gov Feb 06, 2024 Gathering feedback with customer panels Explore behind-the-scenes process of creating customer panels for the .gov domain registrar, managed by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). By engaging with current users through a customer panel, the team gained direct insights, identified areas for immediate improvement, and discovered new features for the product roadmap. Learn the approach involved and how the outcomes highlight the panel’s impact on defining language, improving usability, and generating ideas for future features. — via 18F Feb 01, 2024 Designing with empathy Discover the transformative power of empathy in design with USAGov’s benefit finder. From simplifying applications to a mobile-first approach, the revamped tool not only functions efficiently in two different languages and cultural contexts, but demonstrates the consideration for users in challenging situations. Explore how empathy turned a government service into a compassionate lifeline, creating a product that genuinely understands and meets people where they are. — via USA.gov Jan 25, 2024 Maximizing impact of federal websites: Integrating metrics with annual goals and policies The Open Data, Design, and Development (ODDD) team discusses how OMB’s recent memo, Delivering a Digital-First Public Experience (M-23-22), inspired them to reassess their metrics plan to harmonize with policies governing federal public websites. — via Office of Natural Resources Revenue Jan 24, 2024 In 2023, TTS stepped up to meet growing technology demands for government GSA’s Technology Transformation Services (TTS) celebrated major milestones and met growing demand for its services in 2023. This wrap-up summaries key successes in five areas: improving customer experience, modernizing federal technology, innovating for the future, focus on equity and accessibility, and building the technology workforce of tomorrow. — via General Services Administration Jan 24, 2024 Customer experience and human-centered design Customer experience is the application of design within a business context to craft the human experience. Posts by Ana Monroe Jan 18, 2024 See all News Have a case study to share? Did your team recently launch something?Learn how you can contribute Join 60,000 others in government and subscribe to our newsletter — a round-up of the best digital news in government and across our field. Return to top Learn News Events Resources Communities Tools Contribute Write for us Host an event Submit GitHub issue About About Us Site Policies Contact Us Social X (Formerly Twitter) Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS Digital.gov An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration About GSA Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Privacy policy Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov