Develop your personal wellbeing and career skills - Mind Tools - Mind Tools 5 reasons to expense Mind Tools Learn more Explore Business Skills Personal Development Leadership and Management Most Popular For your Business Mind Tools Store Podcast Newsletter About Us About Mind Tools Content Member Stories FAQ Managers and leaders have been using Mind Tools for over 25 years Now, 24 million learners globally benefit from our extensive Content Library, development tools, and custom learning experiences. See how Mind Tools for Business can help develop your managers and leaders. Find out more Discover something new today Trending What Are Your Values? Deciding what's important in life Article Dealing with Angry People Learning how to diffuse tense situations Article Popular Patience Don't let frustration get the better of you Article 10 Common Time-Management Mistakes Avoiding common pitfalls Article Managers and leaders have been using Mind Tools for over 25 years Now, 24 million learners globally benefit from our extensive Content Library, development tools, and custom learning experiences. See how Mind Tools for Business can help develop your managers and leaders. Find out more MAIN MENU Business Skills Business Operations and Process Management Strategy Tools Customer Service HR Innovation Business Ethics and Values Handling Information and Data Project Management Knowledge Management Personal Development Self-Development and Goal Setting Time Management Presentation Skills Learning Skills Career Skills Communication Skills Negotiation, Persuasion and Influence Working With Others Difficult Conversations Creativity Tools Self-Management Work-Life Balance Stress Management and Well-Being Leadership and Management Coaching and Mentoring Feedback Change Management Planning Team Management Managing Conflict Delegation and Empowerment Performance Management Meetings Leadership Skills Developing Your Team Talent Management Problem Solving Decision Making Recommended for you How to Be More Organized Declutter, take control, and achieve more at work Article How Good Are Your Leadership Skills? Good leaders know which direction to take Self-assessment Explore How it works Blog Newsletter For business More How it works Blog Newsletter For business Join Mind Tools Sign In More Sign-up to our newsletter Subscribing to the Mind Tools newsletter will keep you up-to-date with our latest updates and newest resources. Close Subscribe Working on it... Successfully subscribed to the newsletter Sorry, something went wrong Discover Skill Bites, available only to members A collection of mini-courses available to Mind Tools members, each designed to provide practical guidance and solutions for the challenges you face in your role. Discover Skill Bites The in-demand workplace skills for 2024 are… Leadership, management, communication, interpersonal and more. All skills that are available to develop using the 3000+ resources available from Mind Tools. Find out more of the in-demand skills you’ll need to develop your career in 2024. Join Mind Tools today. Discover more What is Mind Tools? Mind Tools is dedicated to helping you build on your skills and capabilities so you can enjoy the career you deserve. Our on-demand platform contains thousands of resources in a range of formats designed to give you actionable insights to develop your personal and professional wellbeing. Watch our short video to find out more before exploring our comprehensive Content Library. Benefits of Mind Tools Unlimited access Get full access to more than 3000+ pieces of exclusive content in the Mind Tools toolkit. Learn when it suits you Whether you like to learn on the go or from the comfort of your own home, our content is designed to fit your learning around you. Wide range of learning formats From thought-provoking podcasts and videos to expertly researched articles and blogs – you’ll also get access to exclusive content such as Skillbooks, Expert Interviews and Book Insights. Regular, relevant content Our experienced content teams regularly update and create new content to keep you informed of the latest trends and insights in the world of leadership and management. Skill Bites Brand-new bite-sized courses designed to guide and coach you through tips, techniques, and strategies for mastering essential management and career skills. Pain Points Podcast Listen to the Mind Tools team discuss all the common (and not-so-common) pain points at work in our new and exclusive members-only podcast. Mind Tools topics Discover some of our most popular categories. Leadership skills Leadership skills Whether you're the leader of a company, a department, a team, or just yourself, having the skills to motivate, inspire and move people to action is essential. Time management Time management With effective time management, you can take control of your time and get on top of your to-do list. Communication skills Communication skills Good communication is all about listening effectively. Team management Team management Whether you're preparing for your first management role, or you've been managing teams for years, you can always learn something new. Strategy tools Strategy tools What is strategy? How do you decide what makes your business unique? Problem solving Problem solving From planning last-minute meetings, to addressing unexpected customer queries, there is no end to the problem solving you do day in, day out. Difficult conversations Difficult conversations Learn how to approach even the most challenging conversations with confidence. Stress management Stress management Don't let stress get in the way of your success. Start by understanding the basic elements of stress and the risks of letting stress get out of control. Project management Project management Get the best from your projects, big and small, by boosting your knowledge of project management. Creativity tools Creativity tools Are you creative? We're willing to bet you are. But find out just how creative you are with our interactive quiz. Discover newest resources Exclusive podcast Pain Points is a brand-new and exclusive podcast for Mind Tools members. Drawing on the wealth of experience from the Mind Tools team, our presenters explore the most common career pain points, from interview nerves to time management, and discuss topical workplace news. Find out more Mind Tools for Business Mind Tools for Business is dedicated to empowering every employee in your business to thrive. We partner with you to ensure it’s a success and you can measure the impact. Find out more or request a demo today. Find out more Join Mind Tools today With more than 3000 management and leadership resources ready to help you thrive in your workplace, start feeling empowered today. Start your free trial Sanya Selak - Mind Tools member for 2+ years “Mind Tools Membership has been an important companion and a valuable information source, especially within the constraints of a busy executive life.” Read Sanya's story Rhonda Fairweather - Canada "I think it is great. Easy to navigate, good amount of detail, with additional resources to learn more for particular topics I want to dive into further. The different options, articles, videos, audio also mean that different learning styles are accommodated." Sharon Getz - Mind Tools member for 1+ years "I have recommended it to colleagues and they are now members as well." Read Sharon's story Wendy Blackwell - Mind Tools member for 3+ years "Use Mind Tools to support your staff and build relationships with colleagues and your team members by sharing new information." Read Wendy's story Wendy Blackwell - Mind Tools member for 3+ years "Use Mind Tools to support your staff and build relationships with colleagues and your team members by sharing new information." Read Wendy's story Phillip Holdsworth - United Kingdom "It’s brilliant, so comprehensive, easy to use and I love the mix of content from blogs, videos, practical exercises to apply learning and the personal learning record." Greg Pointing - Australia "I love the content, there is always something relevant to my current area of interest. I can pull out my tablet and always find something to read while I am waiting on a client." Sachin Chiplunkar - India "Mind tool is great platform for someone who wish to focusing on self development. Lot of great content in various areas of development to be practiced to achieve improvement." Mary J. Anderson - Mind Tools member for 5+ years “The resources are easy to find, which is a huge time saver, rather than searching endlessly for resources on the Internet. And, the monthly fee for membership is so affordable.” Read Mary's story Sanya Selak - Mind Tools member for 2+ years “Mind Tools Membership has been an important companion and a valuable information source, especially within the constraints of a busy executive life.” Read Sanya's story Rhonda Fairweather - Canada "I think it is great. Easy to navigate, good amount of detail, with additional resources to learn more for particular topics I want to dive into further. The different options, articles, videos, audio also mean that different learning styles are accommodated." Sharon Getz - Mind Tools member for 1+ years "I have recommended it to colleagues and they are now members as well." Read Sharon's story Wendy Blackwell - Mind Tools member for 3+ years "Use Mind Tools to support your staff and build relationships with colleagues and your team members by sharing new information." Read Wendy's story Phillip Holdsworth - United Kingdom "It’s brilliant, so comprehensive, easy to use and I love the mix of content from blogs, videos, practical exercises to apply learning and the personal learning record." Greg Pointing - Australia "I love the content, there is always something relevant to my current area of interest. I can pull out my tablet and always find something to read while I am waiting on a client." Sachin Chiplunkar - India "Mind tool is great platform for someone who wish to focusing on self development. Lot of great content in various areas of development to be practiced to achieve improvement." Mary J. Anderson - Mind Tools member for 5+ years “The resources are easy to find, which is a huge time saver, rather than searching endlessly for resources on the Internet. And, the monthly fee for membership is so affordable.” Read Mary's story Visit our FacebookVisit our InstagramVisit our TwitterVisit our LinkedInVisit our YouTube channel© Mind Tools Ltd 2024. All rights reserved. "Mind Tools" is a registered trademark of Mind Tools Ltd.FAQs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms and Conditions | Policies linkedin facebook pinterest youtube rss twitter instagram facebook-blank rss-blank linkedin-blank pinterest youtube twitter instagram