OnlineSOS 0 Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Support for people experiencing online harassment OnlineSOS is a non-profit organization connecting people with information and tools to take action in the face of online harassment Trusted by Consumer Reports | Berkeley Information Security Office | Bumble | ADL | Pen America Forbes | Psychology Today | CNN | NBC | Techcrunch | Blockparty | Chronicle of Philanthropy Our Resources The Journalists' Perspective Journalists on Online Harassment and its Mental Health Impacts: What We Face and What We Need. Based on our interviews with journalists, editors, and creators, we share perspectives and findings including anonymized quotes, themes, and suggestions on ways stakeholders can help. Clinician Tip Sheet: Resource for mental health professionals What Therapists Need to Know About Treating Journalists Who Experienced Online Harassment. Based on prior case work in direct services, we provide examples on how trauma symptoms can be exhibited for this specific population and event-type, in partnership with a leading psychologist. Checklists Action plans created in consultation with experts designed to address your concerns and harassment type Journalist Account Safety Cheat Sheet It’s hard to remember all the places you’ve been online. Use this digital security cheat sheet to review the possible accounts and places your personal and professional information might be stored. State of Online Harassment Report 100+ page landscape report on the evolution of online harassment and opportunities for collaboration to create better outcomes for people targeted (published in 2019 and presented at Google to industry stakeholders) Online Stalking Legal Project Legal research and whitepaper on findings and limits of restraining orders, in partnership with Orrick. What can you do if your harasser is not a romantic partner or family member? Please contact us directly for materials. Plan of Action Checklists based what you want to protect Address your concerns: from communicating with your employer to protecting your loved ones, our expert-informed guides will give you options on how to keep yourself and others safe. Emotional Wellbeing Online abuse can cause psychological trauma. Taking care of your emotional and mental health is critical when it comes to dealing with online abuse--and regaining a sense of control over your life. See checklist here. Threat Modeling There is no “one size fits all” approach to protecting yourself and loved ones from online abuse. It’s important to consider what is important to you, and what you’re willing to do, if abused online. See checklist here. Communicating with Your Employer and Colleagues When you are targeted online, your credibility, career, and even your personal wellbeing and safety may come under attack. Learn how to address your work-related concerns here. Proper Documentation Proper documentation is critical to making a legal case and to ensuring that you have the facts and timeline of abuse on record. Learn how to do it effectively by using this checklist. Digital Security Proper documentation is critical to making a legal case and to ensuring that you have the facts and timeline of abuse on record. Learn how by using checklist. 2FA Using 2FA adds a layer of security to your accounts beyond a password, lowering your risk of being defrauded even if your login information is stolen. Use this plan to set up 2FA for your needs. Plan of Action Checklists based on harassment type Identify what type of online harassment you’re experiencing - and review your options to take action. Doxxing You've been doxxed when information you consider to be private is published or broadcast online. This info may be accompanied with invitations to contact you in an unwanted or threatening manner. See checklist here. Online Sexual Harassment This is also known as gender-based online violence. It includes words, insults, profanity and, often, images to communicate hostility based on gender. See checklist here. Online Threats of Violence These include explicit and implicit threats of violence made anywhere on the web, including social networking apps, emails, comments sections, chatrooms, and texting apps. See checklist here. Mob Harassment You receive communication at a large volume that is threatening and/or overwhelming. The communication may often be intended to distress or discredit you. See checklist here. Distribution of False Information You've been defamed if false statements about you have been published, distributed and/or spoken online, either with negligence or the intent to harm your reputation. See checklist here. Distribution of Intimate Images When sexually explicit images or video of you have been disclosed and distributed without your consent. Also known as “nonconsensual pornography” and can involve “sextortion." See checklist here. Our Partners New Mental Health Resources Article: The Journalists' Perspective Journalists on Online Harassment and its Mental Health Impacts: What We Face and What We Need. We interviewed journalists, editors, writers, and content creators who have experienced online abuse on what mental health resources they wanted and needed at the time. We share their perspectives and findings including anonymized quotes, themes, and suggestions on ways stakeholders can help. Clinician tip sheet: Resource for mental health professionals What Therapists Need to Know About Treating Journalists Who Experienced Online Harassment. Based on prior case work in direct services, we provide examples on how trauma symptoms can be exhibited for this specific population and event-type, in partnership with a leading psychologist. OnlineSOS is a 501(c)(3) registered charitable non-profit organization. Our EIN is 82-2432458. Donations are tax-deductible. Terms of Service & Privacy Policy