SAP Community Welcome to SAP Community Connect and engage with our community to get answers, discuss best practices, and continually learn more about SAP solutions. All communityKnowledge baseUsersManaged tags cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Search instead for Did you mean: 2.7M Posts 731K Members 20.4K Online See What's New in What's New! Our What's New blog board covers the latest announcements about SAP Community. Subscribe, read, and learn about new platform features and more. Take Our New Tutorial! The Tour the SAP Community 2024 tutorial will teach you all about SAP Community etiquette, contributing content, and connecting with members. New Here? Say Hello! New to SAP Community? Head to the Welcome Corner to introduce yourself and visit the Coffee Corner to join discussions about your interests. Ask and Answer Questions! The Asking and Answering Questions in the Community After Migration post provides all the information you need to get started in Q&A. Explore SAP Community Customer Relationship Management Find answers to your questions about SAP Customer Relationship Management software, gain insights fr... 113181 Posts Enterprise Resource Planning Get support, share your expertise, and engage with the community about SAP S/4HANA, SAP S/4HANA Clou... 899388 Posts Financial Management Get answers and gain insight about planning and analysis, accounting and financial close, tax and tr... 51124 Posts Human Capital Management Ask questions, find resources, and share your knowledge about SAP SuccessFactors products and human ... 14054 Posts Product Lifecycle Management Explore Q&A, blogs, and other resources related to SAP Product Lifecycle Management. Share your expe... 18916 Posts Spend Management Get answers to questions about SAP products and technology. Follow expert blogs to gain insights. Sh... 41313 Posts Supply Chain Management Find answers to your questions about SAP SCM software. Connect with experts, share insights, and acc... 50301 Posts Technology Ask and answer questions about SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP). Connect with peers, share... 1006642 Posts Recent Activity Sort By Most recent Most viewed Most commented Most liked Sign In to Post User is not Able to view the assets I created using SAP Companion for Desktop Hi,I want to understand why the user is unable to view assets (guided tour) I created using SAP Companion for Desktop. When the user tried to view the context-sensitive content (guided tour) related to the SAP logon screen, the guided tour appeared a... 2m ago | Posted in Human Capital Management Q&A by vridhituli • Explorer 0 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Cloudfoundry logs via syslog drain with https schema Team,Just wondering if we could send application and/or cloudfoundry logs via syslog-drain with https schema.In this document, it says as follows. It looks like https schema is supported.----Cloud Foundry uses the syslog URL to route messages to the ... 10m ago | Posted in Technology Q&A by yasusuzu • Newcomer 5 Views 0 replies 0 kudos CJ88 cross company code settlement GL configuration issue Hi Gurus and Experts,As per requirement user want to change settlement Gl for intercompany settlement which he use to do through CJ88 for WBS settlement purpose.I want to know where it is configured as I don't have any idea about it.As In FI its conf... 14m ago | Posted in Enterprise Resource Planning Q&A by Ajain27 • Participant 6 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Need to delete / cancel delivery after picking Hi, In case if delivery picked and PGI has not been done then i need to cancel the delivery. To delete / cancel the delivery i need to undo pickings. Could you suggest me the FM / BAPI to unpick the qtys and cancel the delivery. 09-24-2008 6:47 PM | Posted in Application Development Discussions by Former Member • 331 Views 5 replies 0 kudos SAP TR Module interest capitalize When interest capitalization (GreenBox 24,961 KRW, derived taxes 3,490KRW, 340KRW) is occured, the cashflow in position indicator shows difference between investment/reduction and the conversion of the purchase price (BlueBox 274,908,234 KRW, 274,908... 04-25-2017 10:20 AM | Posted in Enterprise Resource Planning Q&A by Former Member • 105 Views 1 replies 0 kudos Handling Unit Label Printing Through PPF in SAP EWM Hi all,We have a business requirement to trigger the PPF HU for HU label print after the Goods receipt is posted. In standard, the HU gets printed immediately after the packing is done (HU is created and saved). Is there any way to trigger the PPF HU... 38m ago | Posted in Supply Chain Management Q&A by elhachm • Explorer 7 Views 0 replies 0 kudos SAP Enable Now Document Links Error hello everyone, I am getting an error message in my SAP Enable Now content where I cannot open any documentation format of the simulation I've created.Example PDF and Word file attachedThe error message upon publishing:I've tried recreating the docum... yesterday | Posted in Human Capital Management Q&A by Eric7 • Discoverer 61 Views 2 replies 0 kudos new career site search - missing fields from filters We turned on the UDM and implemented the new career site search. We have run into a number roadblocks. After following the prerequisites and turning it on, we worked to set-up the filters. We have a number of fields (i.e. division /department) that... 43m ago | Posted in Human Capital Management Q&A by bcoulson • Explorer 6 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Unified Data Model - job layout changes We turned on the UDM and implemented the new career site search. We have run into a number roadblocks. After implementing and setting up the brand, we noticed the job layouts no longer had the requisition ID. When we went into the layout to add, we... 49m ago | Posted in Human Capital Management Q&A by bcoulson • Explorer 11 Views 0 replies 0 kudos SAP AIF Index table always stores first occurrence of E1EDK14-ORGID in key fields. Can't store VKORG Hi,How to store a value based on Qualifier in SAP AIF Index table when we have multiple occurrences of an inbound IDOC segment of ORDER05. If we need the ability to search IDOCs in /n/AIF/ERR based on Sales Org or Sales Office. Index table is always ... 2 weeks ago | Posted in Technology Q&A by Jamalpur • Discoverer 178 Views 5 replies 0 kudos Can we have refresh/publish buttons in SAC excel for add-in? Hi Team,Would like to know if SAP has introduced any VBA functions to refresh/publish data in SAC Excel Add-in? any alternate work arounds?Thanks. yesterday | Posted in Technology Q&A by eodiase1 • Explorer 11 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Hello World I am a student from India with a very poor background, I am highly interested in doing SAP analytics cloud certification.Thanks,Rahul yesterday | Posted in Beginner Corner Discussions by Rahulsingh16 • Member 76 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Verify Course Completion We have an online learning item with scorm content attached that launches using the inline player. When the course launches there is a line of text at the top of the play with the text "verify course completion" and then a small "recycle" log next t... 08-03-2023 2:56 PM | Posted in Human Capital Management Q&A by TrevorHope • Discoverer 1586 Views 11 replies 6 kudos Resolved! YTD Salary calculation in data action Hello Team - I would like to do a YTD calculation for salary in data actions advanced formula step. Can you please let me know how I can implement this?SAP Analytics Cloud Thanks,Phani Friday | Posted in Technology Q&A by sivapuram_phanikumar • Active Participant 176 Views 4 replies 0 kudos Connect S/4HANA Public Cloud with Integration Suite I have S/4HANA Public Cloud and I want to connect it with the Integration Suite. How can I establish the connection without using SAP cloud connector and Standard Cloud Integration Adapters? yesterday | Posted in Technology Q&A by Harald1 • Newcomer 18 Views 0 replies 0 kudos Load more Welcome to SAP Community! These materials will help you participate and connect with other members. FAQs Find answers to basic questions about using SAP Community. Resources Learn about community rules, take our tutorial, and get support. Q&A Familiarize yourself with questions and answers. Blogging Share your knowledge by contributing to the community. Welcome Corner Introduce yourself and get to know other members. Top kudoed authors User Count Katherine_K 27 Chr_Vogler 27 bjoern_panter 25 Michael_Haase 21 ajmaradiaga 18 RichHeilman 17 Sandra_Rossi 16 David_Chaviano 16 kostertim 14 DataTherapist 14 View all Featured Topics The Impact of the Digital Services Act (DSA) on SAP Community 1770 Views 0 replies 10 kudos on 3 weeks ago Why Is My Content Marked as Spam? 768 Views 3 replies 8 kudos on 02-02-2024 Addressing Common Questions and Complaints About the New Platform 4469 Views 14 replies 10 kudos on 4 weeks ago Can you remember the first time you heard of SAP 67908 Views 231 replies 54 kudos on 11-13-2021 Welcome, glad to see you here! 16768 Views 29 replies 45 kudos on 10-07-2021 View all featured topics Community Resources These materials will help you participate and connect with other members. Rules of Engagement SAP Community participants should be respectful, supportive, and professional. Get to know the rules that all members should follow, as well as the actions that could lead to the removal of a member's content. SAP Community Tutorial The Tour the Community tutorial provides valuable insight into navigating and participating in the community, covering everything from the basics to blogging. The SAP Community Points of Contact The SAP Community team is ready to answer your questions about our platform. Our team includes moderators who ensure that SAP Community remains a professional source of information, helping mediate conflicts related to moderation activities. SAP Community Voice SAP Community Voice is a twice-monthly newsletter that highlights the best of SAP Community content, including blog posts, discussions, news features, tutorials, events, and more. Subscribe today! Privacy – FAQs Get answers to frequently asked questions about profile privacy, so that you can learn how to get the most out of your SAP Community experience. Monthly Active Recipients According to the DSA See the average monthly active recipients of the service in the Union (average over the period of the past six months) according to Article 24 (2) of the Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a Single Market For Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC (Digital Services Act). Back To Top