CBS Miami - Breaking News, NEXT Weather & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Miami Breaking Local News, NEXT Weather & Community Journalism facebook twitter instagram youtube News Local News Politics Consumer Health Entertainment Tech Lottery News Neighbors 4 Neighbors U.S. World CBS+ Weather NEXT Weather Tracking The Tropics Hurricane Preps Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Dolphins Heat Panthers Marlins Miami FC Inter Miami FC Canes High School Sports Odds Videos CBS Miami Shows Facing South Florida Game Changers Headliners Housing Help Mental Health Matters Miami Proud CBS Miami Nat Moore Trophy Taste of the Town Warehoused Meet The Team Contact Us Station Info News Tips Miami Proud Contests & Promotions Galleries Advertise Download the App Jobs TV Schedule CBS News Live CBS News Miami: Local News, Weather & More CBS News Miami is your streaming home for breaking news, weather, traffic and sports for the Miami area and beyond. Watch 24/7. Jan 23, 2022 CBS News Miami CBS News Live Miami Life Your forecast Miami FC Mental Health Matters Top Headlines More Miramar Police: Video shows 2 persons of interest after rims, tires stolen from cars Miramar Police are asking for the public's help after a rash of cars have had their expensive rims and tires stolen. 55M ago Royal Caribbean employee facing voyeurism charges A Royal Caribbean employee is accused of placing hidden cameras in guest rooms. updated 23M ago Woman shot, allegedly, pushed out of moving car in Hollywood A crashing end to a bizarre crime. A car plowed into a tree near Federal Highway and Wiley Street in Hollywood. Then two people ran from the car. Police are not saying how they may be involved. 1H ago 2 dead, 1 hospitalized in Liberty City shooting A triple shooting Tuesday afternoon in Liberty City has left two dead and one person injured. updated 45M ago Miami FC's new coach Antonio Nocerino wants to instill winning mentality New Miami FC soccer coach Antonio Nocerino has a desire to win in Miami. He brings plenty of international soccer experience to his young team. He speaks to his team in 3 languages to get his message across. updated 34M ago Donald Trump set to celebrate Super Tuesday at Mar-A-Lago Over a third of all the available delegates for both the Republican and Democratic nominations are at stake on Super Tuesday​. 4H ago Key Biscayne gymnastics coach in court Oscar Olea, a former Key Biscayne gymnastics coach, is currently facing two counts of sexual battery against a minor. 5H ago Miramar police looking to catch rim, tire thieves Miramar police need your help to find two men who may have information regarding several rim and tire thefts. 4H ago Motorcyclist dies in hit-and-run in Hollywood A motorcyclist is dead after a hit-and-run in Hollywood Tuesday. 5H ago More Latest News NEXT Weather More NEXT Weather Miami weather for Tuesday 3/5/24 5PM CBS News Miami's chief meteorologist Ivan Cabrera's weather outlook for South Florida. 1H ago 03:09 More Miami Proud Skills teen learned in Coral Reef High School's medical program helped save his father's life Roberto Baez said what happened affirmed his decision to become a firefighter one day Feb 29 Miami Proud: Scout leader Paul Spalding wants to pave way for others to break barriers In a world that is ever changing Boy Scouts of America South Florida Council aims to help the youth in our community get prepared for everything that life has to offer. Feb 22 Miami Proud: Dr. Yvonne Johnson-Phillips, who made Orange Bowl history, credits mentors for success As the first African American woman President of the Orange Bowl Committee, Dr. Yvonne Johnson-Phillips is known for leading with unwavering dedication, wisdom, and strength, leaving a lasting impact on the organization. Feb 15 Miami Proud: South Florida physician uses lessons of life to pay it forward Dr. Geden Franck uses lessons of life to not only propel himself but also the next generation Feb 8 More Political Headlines Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The state law known as SB4 would empower Texas officials to stop, jail and prosecute migrants on state criminal charges of illegal entry or reentry. Mar 4 Read the Supreme Court's opinion in the Trump ballot eligibility case The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday said states cannot bar former President Donald Trump from the ballot using a rarely invoked provision of the 14th Amendment. 22H ago Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 22H ago Allen Weisselberg, former Trump Organization CFO, pleads guilty to perjury The perjury charges are related to testimony Weisselberg gave in October in a civil tax fraud case. Mar 4 Current Conditions More Weather WFOR-TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Miami FC's new coach Antonio Nocerino wants to instill winning mentality New Miami FC soccer coach Antonio Nocerino has a desire to win in Miami. He brings plenty of international soccer experience to his young team. He speaks to his team in 3 languages to get his message across. updated 34M ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 10H ago Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 7H ago Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 4 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 Messi, Súarez score twice as Inter Miami routs Orlando City 5-0 Lionel Messi and Luis Súarez scored two goals each and Inter Miami routed Orlando City 5-0 on Saturday. Mar 3 Butler scores 37 points, Heat top Jazz 126-120 for 10th win in last 13 games Jimmy Butler scored 18 of his season-high 37 points in the third quarter, Bam Adebayo finished with 23 and the Miami Heat held off the Utah Jazz 126-120 on Saturday night for their 10th victory in 13 games. Mar 3 LeBron James becomes the first NBA player to score 40,000 points James has also played the second-most regular season and most playoff minutes in league history. He is the only NBA player with at least 10,000 points, 10,000 rebounds and 10,000 assists. Mar 2 Inter Miami-Orlando referee removed after photos posted on social media raise conflict concerns Guiherme Ceretta was removed as center referee of the Inter Miami-Orlando City match Saturday after photos of Ceretta on social media created a possible conflict. Mar 2 More Sports News Latest Videos More Latest Videos UM Sylvester Cancer Center receives $50M The University of Miami Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center received a $50 million donation. 12M ago 00:46 UM Sylvester Cancer Center receives $50M 2024 Legislative Session: What changes can condo residents & homeowners expect? With the 2024 Florida Legislative Session winding down, the legislature has days to approve reforms for how Condo and Homeowners' Associations operate. 15M ago 02:22 Haitian Americans search for solutions Haitian Americans in South Florida are searching for solutions to the crisis in Haiti. 19M ago 01:44 Florida Gov. DeSantis stops by Miami Beach to talk Spring Break measures Governor Ron DeSantis made a Stop in Miami Beach Tuesday with a strong message for spring breakers. 20M ago 02:26 Miami FC's new coach Antonio Nocerino wants to instill winning mentality New Miami FC soccer coach Antonio Nocerino has a desire to win in Miami. He brings plenty of international soccer experience to his young team. He speaks to his team in 3 languages to get his message across. 50M ago 04:16 More Latest Videos Top Headlines More Top Headlines Miramar Police: Video shows 2 persons of interest after rims, tires stolen from cars Miramar Police are asking for the public's help after a rash of cars have had their expensive rims and tires stolen. 55M ago Royal Caribbean employee facing voyeurism charges A Royal Caribbean employee is accused of placing hidden cameras in guest rooms. updated 23M ago Woman shot, allegedly, pushed out of moving car in Hollywood A crashing end to a bizarre crime. A car plowed into a tree near Federal Highway and Wiley Street in Hollywood. Then two people ran from the car. Police are not saying how they may be involved. 1H ago 2 dead, 1 hospitalized in Liberty City shooting A triple shooting Tuesday afternoon in Liberty City has left two dead and one person injured. updated 45M ago Miami FC's new coach Antonio Nocerino wants to instill winning mentality New Miami FC soccer coach Antonio Nocerino has a desire to win in Miami. He brings plenty of international soccer experience to his young team. He speaks to his team in 3 languages to get his message across. updated 34M ago More Latest News Florida News More Florida News U.S. Supreme Court to discuss social media law The U.S. Supreme Court is scheduled Sept. 26 to discuss whether it will hear a First Amendment challenge to a 2021 Florida law that placed restrictions on major social-media companies. Aug 30, 2023 Florida tourism numbers dip in second quarter The number of people traveling to Florida during the second quarter of 2023 decreased compared to a year earlier, according to estimates released Wednesday by the state's tourism-marketing agency. Aug 16, 2023 Gov. DeSantis: State has 'moved on' amid Disney fight Gov. Ron DeSantis on Monday said Walt Disney Parks and Resorts should drop a federal lawsuit that claims retaliation by the state and accept changes to a special district that long benefited the theme-park giant. Aug 14, 2023 Miami-Dade County Public Schools to offer new, free food options It's Back-To-School and that also means back to the lunch room, as breakfast and lunch are free to all Miami-Dade public school students again this year. Aug 9, 2023 Florida school board reverses decision nixing access to children's book about male penguins Months after access to a popular children's book about a male penguin couple hatching a chick was restricted at school libraries because of Florida's so-called Don't Say Gay law, a central Florida school district says it has reversed that decision. Aug 8, 2023 More Florida News Politics More Politics Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The state law known as SB4 would empower Texas officials to stop, jail and prosecute migrants on state criminal charges of illegal entry or reentry. Mar 4 Read the Supreme Court's opinion in the Trump ballot eligibility case The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday said states cannot bar former President Donald Trump from the ballot using a rarely invoked provision of the 14th Amendment. 22H ago Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 22H ago Allen Weisselberg, former Trump Organization CFO, pleads guilty to perjury The perjury charges are related to testimony Weisselberg gave in October in a civil tax fraud case. Mar 4 What is Super Tuesday and how does today's voting work? Fifteen states and a U.S. territory hold their 2024 nominating contests on Super Tuesday this year. Here's what there is to know and how the voting works. 2H ago More Political News Facing South Florida More Facing South Florida Facing South Florida for March 3: One-on-One with Dr. Scott Rivkees Jim DeFede goes one-on-one with former Florida Surgeon General Scott Rivkees, who was removed during the COVID crisis by Gov. Ron DeSantis. Mar 3 Facing South Florida for March 3: One-on-One with Dr. Peter Licata Jim DeFede and the Broward County Public Schools Superintendent tackle the measles outbreak, and school closures due to under-enrollment. Mar 3 Facing South Florida for Feb. 25: 2024 Legislative Session Jim DeFede speaks to the incoming Senate President and the incoming minority leader about the legislature moving away from divisive issues and why that might be happening. Feb 25 Facing South Florida for Feb. 18: Florida's Mental Health Crisis CBS News Miami's Jim DeFede examines where some of the efforts stand in Tallahassee to deal with the mental health crisis in the criminal justice system. Feb 18 Facing South Florida for Feb. 18: Janitorial Strike Threat Jim DeFede talks to one of the local janitorial workers and the woman who leads their union. Feb 18 More from Facing South Florida Health News More Health News Chick-fil-A tells customers to throw out a popular dipping sauce The Atlanta-based fast-food chain is cautioning patrons about a mislabeled sauce, saying it could contain wheat and soy allergens. Mar 4 First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 The mRNA miracle workers Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman, whose research enabled the development of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID vaccines, were named Nobel Prize-winners; their breakthrough may reshape vaccine treatment for a host of diseases. Mar 3 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. Mar 4 More Health News Latest Essentials More Latest Essentials The best spring cleaning deals at Amazon to help make your home spotless Shop the top spring cleaning deals at Amazon from brands like Dyson, iRobot and more for a tidy, cozy home. 1H ago LG's brand-new G4 and C4 OLED TVs are here, and the pre-order perks are amazing Discover why the new LG OLED Evo G4 and C4 TVs are better than ever, and why it makes sense to pre-order now. Mar 4 How to watch the Pennzoil 400 NASCAR race today: Live streaming options, starting time more Gear up to watch the Pennzoil 400 Nascar race today, even if you don't have cable. Mar 3 Our favorite gifts for dads, for any time of year Looking for the perfect gift for your father? Shop thoughtful and creative gift ideas your dad will love. Feb 29 Best mattresses of 2024 that are 100% fiberglass free If you want to avoid potentially irritable fiberglass in your mattress, here are the best fiberglass-free options. Feb 29 More Essentials Consumer News More Consumer News Check your freezer! Bags of Trader Joe's frozen chicken pilaf may contain rocks One consumer reported suffering a dental injury after eating Trader Joe's Chicken, Lentil & Caramelized Onion Pilaf product. Feb 9 Japanese steel company purchasing Pittsburgh-based U.S. Steel in deal worth nearly $15 billion The company will keep its name and headquarters in Pittsburgh, but the United Steelworkers union voiced opposition to the deal. Dec 18, 2023 SmileDirectClub ceases operations immediately — here's what it means for their customers For customers of SmileDirectClub, they were greeted with a message that they had shut down when logging on to its website. Dec 9, 2023 Thousands of syringes containing "vaginal tightening gel" seized at MSP Airport, CBP says CBP officials say the individually wrapped pink packages have an estimated resale value of more than $19,000. Nov 28, 2023 Ford recalls over 238,000 Explorers to replace axle bolts that can fail after US opens investigation Ford is recalling more than 238,000 Explorers in the U.S. because a rear axle bolt can fail, potentially causing a loss of drive power or allowing the SUVs to roll away while in park. Oct 13, 2023 More Consumer News Entertainment More Entertainment Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 10H ago For Kevin James, all roads lead back to stand-up He starred in the sitcom "The King of Queens," and topped box office charts with "Paul Blart: Mall Cop." But the comedian, a son of Long Island, reserves his greatest affection for stand-up, as seen in his new Amazon Prime special, "Kevin James: Irregardless." Mar 3 Iris Apfel, fashion icon known for her eye-catching style, dies at 102 Iris Apfel, a textile expert, interior designer and fashion celebrity known for her eccentric style, has died. Mar 1 Death of Jon Stewart's dog spurs flood of donations to animal shelter The Daily Show host's tearful eulogy to his three-legged dog, Dipper, prompts jump in contributions to Animal Haven a no-kill shelter in New York City. Mar 4 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 More Entertainment News ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS 4 News Sports Weather Contests Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WFOR-TV Public File for WBFS-TV / My TV33 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On