taosnews.com Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Home About Us Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Free Newsletters Rack Locations NewsTip Place an ad Weekly E-Edition News Local News Business Crime Education Animales: Animals in the News Politics Elections Legislature 2024 Success Stories Environment Health Social Services Local Weather Announcements Abeyta Settlement Corrections Sports Prep Sports Basketball Baseball Soccer Football Winter Sports Softball Outdoors Volleyball Running Swimming Community Sports Tempo Arts Books Calendar Cuisine Culture Editorials Film Music Reviews Style Opinion Editorials My Turn Columns Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons La Vida Food and Drink Home and Garden Health and Fitness Great Outdoors Travel Vecinos Comunidad Hispana Anuncios Obits Multimedia The Year in Photos Photo Galleries Featured Videos True Kids 1 Voices of Taos Events Youth Events Classifieds Place an ad Jobs Magazines Best of Taos Discover Taos Winter/Spring Discover Taos Summer/Fall Taos Gallery Guide Land Water People Time Enchanted Homes Dining Out Taos Woman Well Taos Class of 2023 Back to School Fall Festivals Tradiciones Tradiciones Leyendas Tradiciones Raices Tradiciones Artes Tradiciones Heroes Taos Aglow Angel Fire Winter Guide Angel Fire Summer Guide Maps School Report Cards Maps Archives Press Releases Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Instagram Listen Now: Voices of Taos Podcast Jonathan Warm Day Coming's ledger drawings at MRM Online Now: NM Vistas 2023 School Report Card Online Now - Well Taos 2024 subscribe | advertise | free newsletters | news tip Weekly E-Edition Tuesday, March 5, 2024 35° Sunny Taos, NM (87571) Today Sun and clouds mixed. High 54F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Low 28F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 8:42 am Full Forecast Menu Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Home About Us Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Free Newsletters Rack Locations NewsTip Place an ad Weekly E-Edition News Local News Business Crime Education Animales: Animals in the News Politics Elections Legislature 2024 Success Stories Environment Health Social Services Local Weather Announcements Abeyta Settlement Corrections Sports Prep Sports Basketball Baseball Soccer Football Winter Sports Softball Outdoors Volleyball Running Swimming Community Sports Tempo Arts Books Calendar Cuisine Culture Editorials Film Music Reviews Style Opinion Editorials My Turn Columns Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons La Vida Food and Drink Home and Garden Health and Fitness Great Outdoors Travel Vecinos Comunidad Hispana Anuncios Obits Multimedia The Year in Photos Photo Galleries Featured Videos True Kids 1 Voices of Taos Events Youth Events Classifieds Place an ad Jobs Magazines Best of Taos Discover Taos Winter/Spring Discover Taos Summer/Fall Taos Gallery Guide Land Water People Time Enchanted Homes Dining Out Taos Woman Well Taos Class of 2023 Back to School Fall Festivals Tradiciones Tradiciones Leyendas Tradiciones Raices Tradiciones Artes Tradiciones Heroes Taos Aglow Angel Fire Winter Guide Angel Fire Summer Guide Maps School Report Cards Maps Archives Press Releases Legislature calls for new missing and murdered Indigenous people task force By Bella Davis, New Mexico In DepthUpdated 21 hrs ago The New Mexico Legislature has asked Attorney General Raúl Torrez to create a new task force focused on a crisis of missing and murdered Indigenous people after a memorial containing the request … Business Blue Bus begins fare-free service from Taos to TSV Staff reportUpdated Feb 29, 2024 The North Central Regional Transit District begins running a fare-free Blus Bus service from Taos to Taos Ski Valley starting today, Thursday (Feb. 29). NCRTD representatives said in a press release … Local News Renovations set to begin at blighted Kachina Lodge By Liam EasleyUpdated Feb 29, 2024 After two years of dormancy, the Kachina Lodge will finally see the first stages of renovation begin under its current owner, LOGE Camps. Slate Olson, chief marketing officer for the company, said … Local News Town hires former journalist as community relations director By Geoffrey PlantUpdated Feb 29, 2024 Over the course of its workshop meeting Monday (Feb. 26) and its regular meeting Tuesday (Feb. 27), the Town of Taos Council waded through long meetings to address several weighty issues. But the … Health The importance of staying active as we age Updated Mar 1, 2024 We know that exercise is good for us, but how important is it really to our health and how long we live? A 2012 peer-reviewed study published on plos.com that analyzed data from nearly 650,000 adults … Health State brings in new Medicaid program director By Gabrielle Porter, The New MexicanUpdated Feb 29, 2024 There’s a new Medicaid boss in town. Dana Flannery, 42, is taking the reins of New Mexico’s massive Medicaid agency a little more than a year after the January 2023 departure of its last … Education Annual science fair regains participants after pandemic disruption By Liam EasleyUpdated Mar 1, 2024 Taos Middle School students showed off their science experiments Thursday morning (Feb. 22) at the school’s annual science fair. Every year, Taos Middle School students choose a topic of their … Success Story: Taos Soil and Water In response to an increasingly volatile environment marked by the threats of fire and drought, a groundbreaking summer initiative is empowering young minds in Taos to seek solutions within their local forests. During the summer of 2023, the Taos Soil and Water Conservation District (TSWCD) e… SPONSORED PATHWAYS to SUCCESS: Community Health Nestled within the serene landscapes of Peñasco, Doris Mae Sandoval emerges as a beacon of hope and catalyst for change. Rooted in the values instilled by her parents—faith, respect, and hard work—Doris embodies a spirit of service and dedication to her community. Powered by OnTheSnow.com Online Now - Well Taos 2024 Online Now: NM Vistas 2023 School Report Card Voting for Taos' Cutest Pet is now closed! Look for the final results in the March 7 edition! FEATURED GALLERY Photo Gallery: Marching for love TEMPO On Dune, water is life Review by Rick Romancito For the Taos News This is truly one of most magnificent cinematic achievements of all time. Filled with breathtaking images, stunning action and a story that tr… MY TURN Stop the madness in Gaza By Jerry Yeargin Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has refused to pause the fighting for evacuations from Rafah. The Israel Defense Forces continues t… LOCAL NEWS The wild blue yonder By Virginia Clark, For the Taos News Service, discipline and even joy are what Civil Air Patrol (CAP) cadet and senior-members can experience. That overall enjoyment was on full d… BUSINESS Taxonomy moves closer to plaza By Liam Easley Taos’ local oddity shop, Taxonomy, moved to a new location on Doña Luz Street in November while seeking a better place to nurture unusual plan… SPORTS Questa and Peñasco Sports Roundup Peñasco Lady Panthers The Peñasco Lady Panthers finished their regular season with a 16-10 (0.615-win percentage) overall record, and an 8-2 (… Submit a Letter / MyTurn If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, click here. Submit Subscribe to OurFree Newsletters! Subscribe to OurFree Jobs Newsletter! Trending Renovations set to begin at blighted Kachina Lodge Murder trial begins for Questa juvenile charged in fatal shooting Defense attorney: 14-year-old took fall for friend in fatal Questa shooting Centinel Bank founder remembered as driven financier Eliu E. Romero FEATURED PHOTO GALLERY News Team Taos, an Initiative to Recruit, Retain, and Re-Hire Full-Time Nurses at Holy Cross Hospital Sponsored: UNM-Taos and Holy Cross Provide Great Career Opportunities for Our Community Defender of acequias Palemon Martinez dies at 91 Centinel Bank founder remembered as driven financier State brings in new Medicaid program director Stray Hearts Shelter Report The importance of staying active as we age Dems, Republicans organize ahead of primary More News Sports Brackets released, Taos County teams earn spots in the state tourney Reel Report Questa and Peñasco Sports Roundup Martinez takes fifth, Maes sixth at state as wrestling program evolves Taos swimmers earn hardware at Albuquerque state swim meet Taos basketball teams celebrate big wins on the hardcourt Taos Hockey Roundup Month in Sports Photos More Sports Business Taxonomy moves closer to plaza FTC blocks Kroger's acquisition of Albertsons Blue Bus begins fare-free service from Taos to TSV Former Taos High principal to lead Taos Community Foundation Bighorn Weed Co. to expand delivery service to TSV Kit Carson Electric to construct second Amalia solar array Federal rule would punish oil and gas operators for excess pollution Taos High college, career fair helps students focus on the future More Arts On Dune, water is life This is truly one of most magnificent cinematic achievements of all time. Filled with breath… Read moreOn Dune, water is life Tempo Top Five On March 2 and 3, the final tip of the hat to a longtime Taos art institution will take plac… Read moreTempo Top Five Stargazer February 29 – March 6 ARIES – It won’t be until the weekend before you’re able to catch up with your personal life… Read moreStargazer February 29 – March 6 Loving literature with Dr. Seuss In the whimsical world of children's literature, Dr. Seuss (the pen name of Theodor Seuss Ge… Read moreLoving literature with Dr. Seuss On love and fieldwork ‘No More Empty Spaces’ By D.J. Green She Writes Press (2024, 305 pp.) The reader is going to… Read moreOn love and fieldwork READ THE CURRENT ISSUE Education PATHWAYS to SUCCESS: A Found Family Annual science fair regains participants after pandemic disruption PATHWAYS to SUCCESS: Community Health Tribal education trust fund sees resounding victory on House floor Anansi in top 10 percent of NM schools No coda for Taos Youth Music School School districts swear in new board members Youth & Education Opinion Stronger regulations could keep Taos properties from falling into disrepair Rosa Parks gives a talk in my small town Remember When? A new clinic for Holy Cross will be a win — if Taos County residents can get an appointment You’re not the boss in wilderness Monday morning in a small town Maintaining roadways, sidewalks should be a public safety imperative More Opinion Environment & Outdoors Regenerative ag spurs hope among livestock growers Trail work continues across Taos County Regenerative agriculture experts to visit Taos this weekend Seniors may apply online for farmers market bucks Earthship greenhouse gardens: Nurturing an abundance of life year-round Committee revives tabled strategic water supply bill Calf Canyon–Hermits Peak Fire resource fair announced More Trending READ IT ONLINE! Our Magazines Browse all of our magazines -> Click below to support our sponsors Sections Home News Magazines Sports Announcements Obituaries Opinion Tempo Podcast Photos Weekly E-Edition Services Advertise Subscription Services Contact Us Submission Forms Classifieds Place an Ad Free Newsletters Search Weather Press Releases taosnews.com 226 Albright Street Taos, NM 87571 Phone: 575-758-2241 Email: webmaster@taosnews.com Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Our sister publication:Visitor's guide... × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The Taos News 226 Albright Street, Taos, NM | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.