TSN | Sports News, Opinion, Scores, Schedules, Super Bowl, World Juniors., Formula 1 Skip to main content × SCOREBOARD NHL Trade Tracker Trade Bait Standings News Video Scores Schedule Leaders Statistics Signing Tracker DraftCentre FanDuel Sportsbook Teams Transactions Injuries Curling News Video Curling On TSN Rock Talk Scotties Brier Playdowns Scores Standings Season Of Champions Men's Tour Women's Tour CTRS Rankings World Rankings Olympic Trials Past Brier Champions Past Scotties Champions Canada's Greatest Curlers NBA News Video Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook Teams Injuries Transactions Draft MLB News Free Agent Tracker Trade Tracker Videos Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics FanDuel Sportsbook Teams Injuries Transactions F1 News Video RaceCentre Results Schedule Standings Multiplex F1 On TSN Canadian GP More Auto Racing CFL News Video Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook Fantasy Teams Draft CFL On TSN NFL News Video NFL On TSN Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook Teams Injuries More NHL Curling NBA MLB FORMULA 1 CFL NFL GOLF Tennis NCAA PWHL SOCCER Auto Racing WNBA Hockey Canada World Juniors Euro FIFA World Cup™ Olympics CEBL CHL UFC AHL NLL Figure Skating Rugby Skiing Boxing Horse Racing U Sports ESPORTS Cycling Indigenous People In Sport Wrestling Canada Games Other Sports Help Live TSN+ SUBSCRIBE TO TSN+ STREAM NOW TSN+ SCHEDULE TSN+ DOC COLLECTION GAMES ON DEMAND TSN+ REWIND Video HOME TV SCHEDULE TSN+ SCHEDULE TSN 4K SCHEDULE GAMES ON DEMAND DOC COLLECTION TSN ORIGINALS Listen TSN RADIO PODCAST The Shift News Video Entertainment Fashion & Footwear Raptors WNBA Identity Betting News Video FanDuel Sportsbook Fantasy NHL Fantasy NFL Fantasy NBA Fantasy MLB Fantasy CFL Fantasy Terms And Conditions Bardown ... Year In Review SC With Jay Onrait That's Hockey Black Excellence Women In Sport Indigenous People In Sport TSN Front Row TSN Internships Help Search NHL Curling NBA MLB F1 CFL NFL TSN+ Video Listen The Shift Betting Bardown ... All Sports nhl TradeCentre nfl nba mlb cfl tennis home video atp wta golf home video Golf on TSN PGA TOUR lpga Champions Mackenzie Tour European Tour Korn Ferry Tour soccer home video MLS epl Champions League Serie A La Liga Bundesliga Ligue 1 EURO FIFA World Cup™ FIFA Women's World Cup™ Auto Racing home video Nascar Formula 1 IndyCar curling ncaa Home Football Basketball Hockey World Juniors hockey canada ufc Olympics PWHL CEBL wnba AHL CHL Home OHL QMJHL WHL NLL Figure Skating Boxing U Sports Skiing Wrestling Esports Rugby Home Rugby World Cup DraftCentre Invictus Games Canada Games Other Sports live TSN+ What is TSN+ Stream Now TSN+ Schedule Doc Collection Games on Demand Video Home TV Schedule TSN+ Schedule Games on Demand Doc Collection listen Radio Podcasts the shift Betting bardown other SC With Jay Onrait That's Hockey Women in Sport Black Excellence Indigenous People In Sport Dreger Cafe True North Help Search Search Search TSN | Sports News, Opinion, Scores, Schedules, Super Bowl, World Juniors., Formula 1 TradeCentre - Friday on TSN Countdown to TradeCentre: Ullmark briefly sets rumour mill abuzz While there has been some talk of the possibility of the Boston Bruins trading reigning Vezina Trophy winner Linus Ullmark, the rumour mill was briefly set abuzz Monday night. TSN Hockey's Trade Bait Board NHL Trade Tracker Follow every trade this season with TSN.ca's NHL trade tracker. Trending Video Top Headlines Hakstol sounds off on 'garbage' hit by Flames' Pospisil Calgary Flames forward Martin Pospisil was given a five-minute major penalty and ejected from Monday's 4-2 loss to the Seattle Kraken for a hit from behind on Vincent Dunn. Braves expect Acuna Jr. to be ready for Opening Day The Atlanta Braves expect Ronald Acuna Jr. to be ready for Opening Day after a medical evaluation confirmed that the superstar outfielder does not have a serious knee injury. Alex Nylander gets first career hat trick, Blue Jackets beat Golden Knights Alexander Nylander posted his first career hat trick, Daniil Tarasov made 37 saves and the Columbus Blue Jackets beat the Vegas Golden Knights 6-3 on Monday night, posting back-to-back wins for the first time in more than three months. LIV Golf ends bid for World Golf Ranking accreditation The LIV Golf League has withdrawn its application for recognition from the Official World Golf Ranking, LIV Golf CEO and commissioner Greg Norman told players in a letter on Tuesday. Devils fire Ruff, name Green interim head coach The New Jersey Devils made a change behind the bench on Monday. The team announced the firing of Lindy Ruff and the appointment of Travis Green as interim head coach for the remainder of the season. Hurricanes sign F Comtois to two-way contract The Carolina Hurricanes have signed forward Max Comtois to a two-way contract for the remainder of the year, reports TSN Hockey Insider Chris Johnston. Curling Northwest Territories' Koe leads upsets galore at the Brier Northern Ontario's Trevor Bonot's team ranked 60th in Canada stole a point in the 10th end in a 6-5 win over No. 1 Brendan Bottcher of Alberta. Northwest Territories' Jamie Koe provided another upset in the morning by beating defending champion Brad Gushue 7-5. Bruins vs. Maple Leafs Leafs Bruins Zacha scores twice, Bruins down Leafs in potential playoff preview Pavel Zacha had two goals to snap a long drought as the Boston Bruins defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs 4-1 on Monday night. Kraken vs. Flames Kraken Flames McCann, Kraken cool off Flames to pull even in playoff race Jared McCann set up the go-ahead goal and then added a short-handed one for insurance to lead the Seattle Kraken to a 4-2 victory over the Calgary Flames on Monday night. SC with Jay Onrait 'It's up to Conroy to get value for Markstrom': Button on if Calgary should part ways with their goalie TSN's Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SC with Jay Onrait to give his thoughts on some of the biggest storylines heading into the trade deadline, what the Flames should do with Jacob Markstrom, if Jake Guentzel would be a fit in Vancouver and much more. play-btn-vid 8:17 Calgary Flames 7-Eleven That's Hockey: Will Markstrom's comments force Flames to trade him? After Jacob Markstrom took a shot at Flames management on Friday, do the Flames have to find a way to move him between now and the trade deadline? That's Hockey weighs in, and discusses if it's unfair to think Markstrom will be able to join a new team and instantly make an impact. play-btn-vid 4:36 Florida Panthers Must See: Barkov's amazing juggling assist sets up Reinhart Aleksander Barkov juggles the puck in midair and then goes around the Rangers defender and then passes to Sam Reinhart for a goal. play-btn-vid 0:44 New Jersey Devils Johnston on Ruff firing: ‘Honestly, I’m surprised it took so long’ Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by TSN Hockey Insider Chris Johnston to discuss the New Jersey Devils firing head coach Lindy Ruff and Travis Green taking over on an interim basis for the remainder of the season. play-btn-vid 3:34 Montana's Brier on TSN NO skip Bonot confident after downing No. 1 Team Bottcher Northern Ontario's Trevor Bonot are now 3-1 at the Montana's Brier after an upset over previously undefeated Team Brendan Bottcher. The Brier rookie skip talks about the win and the confidence his team has right now. play-btn-vid 3:40 Blind ranking old school curling fits with Mark Nichols Team Canada third Mark Nichols does his best to rank old school curling fits without knowing what's coming up next. play-btn-vid 1:38 Back to skipping, Jacobs embracing return to Montana’s Brier after brief hiatus Making his 15th Montana's Brier appearance, skip Brad Jacobs feels rejuvenated wearing Manitoba colours for the first time. Ryan Horne has more. Ryan Horne Kennedy says NWT on 'Cloud 9' after latest win Team Jamie Koe are 4-1 at the Montana's Brier after a two-win day on Monday. Third Glen Kennedy discusses the keys to the impressive start for the rink from the Northwest Territories. play-btn-vid 1:47 Brier on TSN schedule Montana's Scores Montana's Brier Standings Guerrero hits first homer of spring as Blue Jays beat Phillies Vladimir Guerrero Jr. homered and had an RBI single as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5-2 in spring training action Monday. Toronto Raptors Raptors' Barnes has surgery on left hand Toronto Raptors forward Scottie Barnes had surgery on Monday in Los Angeles to repair a fracture in his left hand, the team announced. The Raptors' announcement did not include anything about a possible return timeline. Toronto Blue Jays Should Donaldson be in Blue Jays Level of Excellence? Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan discuss whether or not Josh Donaldson should be put in the Toronto Blue Jays Level of Excellence after he announced his retirement. play-btn-vid 2:58 Toronto Raptors Raptors extend Canadian Olynyk; reportedly for two years The Toronto Raptors have signed Canadian Kelly Olynyk to a contract extension, it was announced Monday evening. ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski reports the deal is for two years and a total of $26.25 million and was the maximum Olynyk was currently able to extend on. NHL Button: 'All signs point to a Boston and Toronto first round' TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SC with Jay Onrait to discuss what the Maple Leafs can take away from their loss to the Bruins and what holes they need to address ahead of the trade deadline. play-btn-vid 2:30 NHL 'The defence is not good enough': Button on what ailed the Leafs in loss to Bruins TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SportsCentre to discuss the Maple Leafs loss to the Bruins, their readiness to face Boston in the playoffs and what they need to address ahead of the trade deadline. play-btn-vid 2:15 Toronto Maple Leafs 7-Eleven That's Hockey: What's priority No. 1 on Treliving's to-do list? Bruins or Panthers - Who should the Leafs hope to face in the first round? How big would getting home ice advantage be for Toronto? What should be the No. 1 priority for GM Brad Treliving ahead of the trade deadline? That's Hockey weighs in. play-btn-vid 4:06 NFL Orlovsky: 'No one' is jumping at Russell Wilson right now Dan Orlovsky reacts to the Denver Broncos releasing Russell Wilson after just two seasons. play-btn-vid 1:06 Curling Mathers describes bounce back Monday after two-loss day Ontario improved their record to 2-2 after beating Newfoundland and Labrador on Monday. Third David Mathers talks about the bounce back and what he's seen from Scott Howard this week. play-btn-vid 2:36 Denver Broncos Broncos to release QB Wilson after two seasons The Denver Broncos announced Monday they will be moving on from quarterback Russell Wilson, saying they will release him at the start of the new league year next week. Curling Neufeld says papered rocks are a positive for Team Dunstone Team Matt Dunstone are now 2-1 at the Montana's Brier after a blowout win over Yukon. Third BJ Neufeld talks about how Manitoba is turning things around after an opening loss and the recently papered rocks. 3:00 Around the NHL 7-Eleven That's Hockey: What's the most impactful trade that could happen? TSN Hockey analyst Martin Biron joins That's Hockey to play match game, where he picks a player and a destination, and shares why it would be the most impactful move that could happen between now and the trade deadline. play-btn-vid 2:38 Reinhart scores twice as NHL-leading Panthers beat Rangers Ryan Lomberg scored the go-ahead goal early in the third period, Sam Reinhart scored twice and the Florida Panthers beat the New York Rangers 4-2 on Monday night in a matchup of first-place teams. MacKinnon extends home point streak to 30 games as Avs beat Blackhawks Nathan MacKinnon extended his home point streak to 30 games with two goals and two assists, and the Colorado Avalanche beat the Chicago Blackhawks 5-0 on Monday night. Binnington makes 40 saves to lead Blues past Flyers in shootout Pavel Buchnevich and Jake Neighbours scored in the shootout, and Kevin Hayes had a goal against his former team as the St. Louis Blues beat the Philadelphia Flyers 2-1 on Monday night. Alex Nylander gets first career hat trick, Blue Jackets beat Golden Knights Alexander Nylander posted his first career hat trick, Daniil Tarasov made 37 saves and the Columbus Blue Jackets beat the Vegas Golden Knights 6-3 on Monday night, posting back-to-back wins for the first time in more than three months. Other Sports New report says NSOs need $104 million increase in annual funding to avoid crisis The 61 organizations that govern amateur sports across the country face financial peril if the federal government doesn’t address a funding crisis decades in the making by increasing financial support, according to a new report. Rick Westhead has more. - Rick Westhead Toronto Blue Jays What's in store for Davis Schneider in 2024? The moustachioed utilityman has a chance to carve out a significant role with the Blue Jays this season, Scott Mitchell writes. - Scott Mitchell Los Angeles Clippers Report: Clippers' Westbrook has surgery on left hand LA Clippers guard Russell Westbrook -- one of the league's top sixth men -- underwent surgery on his fractured left hand on Monday and there's hope he'll return before the start of the Western Conference playoffs in April, sources told ESPN. Adrian Wojnarowski Toronto Raptors Report: Raptors signing pair of G Leaguers to contracts The Toronto Raptors are signing forward Mouhamadou Gueye to a two-way deal and OKC Blue guard Jahmi'us Ramsey to a 10-day contract, according to Shams Charania of The Athletic. NHL Hot or Not: Should the Oilers be seen as the current Stanley Cup favourite? FanDuel has the Oilers as the current Stanley Cup favourite, is that how they should be seen? Would the Bruins become the team to beat in the East if they land Noah Hanifin? Does Penguins GM Kyle Dubas need to wave the white flag and commit to being a seller? TSN Hockey analyst Martin Biron gives his thoughts in Hot or Not. play-btn-vid 2:19 Betting TSN Edge: Examining Kucherov's case for the Hart Trophy There's roughly a quarter of the regular season to go in the NHL and the Hart Trophy race is as tight as ever. With the help of FanDuel, Tekeyah Singh details how Nikita Kucherov is flying under the radar in the MVP race despite leading the NHL with 105 points. play-btn-vid 1:45 NHL Alberta's teams rise rapidly in latest NHL Power Ranking The Edmonton Oilers are now knocking on the door for the top spot in our Power Ranking, while the Calgary Flames, the centre of the hockey world ahead of the trade deadline, make a dramatic rise. - Sportlogiq NHL Button on intrigue around Guentzel ahead of deadline: 'He's a difference maker' TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SportsCentre to discuss the Penguins being sellers at the deadline, which team Jake Guentzel would fit best with, and if now is the time for the Senators to trade Jakob Chychrun. 2:40 Around the NBA Russell leads surging Lakers past West-leading Thunder D’Angelo Russell hit five 3-pointers while scoring 26 points, and Anthony Davis added 24 points and 12 rebounds in the Los Angeles Lakers' 116-104 victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday night. White scores career-high 37 as Bulls rally to stun Kings Coby White had a career-high 37 points and DeMar DeRozan scored 19 of his 33 in the fourth quarter as the Chicago Bulls rallied from 22 points down to beat the Sacramento Kings 113-109 on Monday night. Lillard scores 41, Bucks storm back to beat Clippers without Giannis Damian Lillard scored 41 points and the Milwaukee Bucks overcame the absence of Giannis Antetokounmpo to rally past the Los Angeles Clippers 113-106 on Monday night for their sixth straight victory. Clarkson scores 38 as Jazz pull away late to beat Wizards Jordan Clarkson scored a season-high 38 points, including a 12-0 run down the stretch, to boost the Utah Jazz over the Washington Wizards 127-115 on Monday night. Kennard scores season-high 25 points, Grizzlies beat Nets to end five-game skid Luke Kennard scored a season-high 25 points and the Memphis Grizzlies snapped a five-game losing streak by beating the Brooklyn Nets 106-102 on Monday night. Gobert, Conley power Timberwolves past Trail Blazers Rudy Gobert had 25 points and 16 rebounds for his 43rd double-double of the season, Michael Conley added 19 points and seven assists, and the Minnesota Timberwolves completed a four-game season sweep of Portland, beating the Trail Blazers 119-114 Monday night. Soccer Canadians in Europe: David scores again in LOSC win Jonathan David helped Lille pick up a needed victory, Theo Bair stayed red-hot and Alphonso Davies returned to action from injury. Here's a look at Canadians in Europe over the weekend. NFL Impressions made and questions raised at NFL combine The National Football League combine is an event that leaves as many questions in its wake as it does answers. This year was no exception, giving the decision makers of 32 NFL teams lots to sort through between now and the opening of the draft on April 25. - Dave Naylor TradeCentre - Friday on TSN Are Leafs looking to add more before deadline? Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by TSN Hockey Insider Chris Johnston to discuss if the Maple Leafs need to take the all-in approach to the deadline and what other players could they target before Friday’s deadline. play-btn-vid 3:50 Guentzel, Tarasenko and the question of fit on deadline week Pittsburgh’s Jake Guentzel has been considered the crown jewel of the deadline at wing, but Ottawa’s Vladimir Tarasenko could be a comparable option for some contenders, Travis Yost writes. Travis Yost Kraken scratch Wennberg amid trade interest from Rangers, Avs, more Seattle Kraken forward Alex Wennberg was held out of the team's morning skate and won't play Monday against the Calgary Flames due to "trade-related" issues, head coach Dave Hakstol announced. Wennberg is a pending unrestricted free agent, carrying a cap hit of $4.5 million on his expiring deal. Pearson on trade rumours: 'Taking it day by day and focusing on what I can control' Canadiens pending unrestricted free agent Tanner Pearson discusses the trade rumours surrounding him, and if he wants to pursue another Stanley Cup run. Pearson is playing on the fourth-line role with the Canadiens, he has five goals and 11 points in 42 games this season. play-btn-vid 1:11 Despite trade talks surrounding Flames, Huberdeau confident Calgary can make playoffs Flames forward Jonathan Huberdeau discusses how Calgary turned things around over the past month after an up-and-down first half of the season and says the belief in the team is strong and they'll continue to make a playoff push no matter what happens at the trade deadline. play-btn-vid 2:00 NHL Trade Tracker Follow every trade this season with TSN.ca's NHL trade tracker. NHL Signing Tracker Soccer Australia soccer star Kerr pleads not guilty to racially aggravated harassment, prosecutors say Australian soccer star Sam Kerr has pleaded not guilty to racially aggravated harassment of a police officer, prosecutors in Britain said on Monday. PWHL PWHL Ottawa begins road stretch in Minnesota on TSN Ottawa plays the first of four consecutive road games on Tuesday as they visit a Minnesota team that can reclaim first in the PWHL with a victory in regulation. Catch the action LIVE Tuesday at 8pm ET on TSN5, TSN.ca and the TSN App. Toronto Blue Jays Blue Jays' Gausman pulled from bullpen session with shoulder fatigue Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Kevin Gausman will not throw his live bullpen session on Monday, according to Keegan Matheson of MLB.com. St. Louis Cardinals Cards' Gray (hamstring) exits early vs. Nats Newly signed St. Louis Cardinals righty starter Sonny Gray exited Monday's Grapefruit League game with the Washington Nationals early with right hamstring tightness. Philadelphia Phillies Report: Phillies, Wheeler agree to contract extension Zack Wheeler has reached an agreement on an extension with the Philadelphia Phillies, according to sources, bypassing the possibility that the ace pitcher will become a free agent in the fall. - Buster Olney TSN Columnists Continued coverage Charged 2018 World Junior players elect trial by jury Five former members of Canada’s 2018 World Junior hockey team who have been charged with sexual assault have elected to have a trial by jury, their lawyers said. Rick Westhead London Police confirm charges against five former WJC players Carter Hart, Michael McLeod, Cal Foote, Dillon Dube and Alex Formenton have each been charged with one count of sexual assault, with McLeod also facing an additional charge, the London Police Service confirmed Monday. London Police chief apologizes to alleged victim for length of WJC team investigation Nearly six years after a woman alleged she had been sexually assaulted by five then-members of Canada's World Junior hockey team, the police chief of a southwestern Ontario city offered an apology for how long it had taken for charges to be laid in the case. Defence attorney Alison Craig reacts to London Police news conference, and outlines possible timeline ahead Defence attorney Alison Craig shares her takeaways from Monday’s London Police update, including the apology from Police Chief Thai Truong to the alleged victim and her family. play-btn-vid 2:00 Westhead outlines what we learned from London Police news conference TSN Senior Correspondent Rick Westhead shares his takeaways from Monday’s London Police news conference and what’s next in the legal process for the case involving the five former world junior players charged with sexual assault. play-btn-vid 3:14 With players from 2018 WJC team charged, lawyers say behind-the-scenes legal battles brewing Every detail of the case involving four current National Hockey League players and one former NHL player charged with sexual assault is likely to attract close attention and legal arguments, Rick Westhead writes. Rick Westhead McKenzie's Draft Rankings Celebrini the unanimous No. 1 prospect in McKenzie's mid-season draft ranking Ten out of 10 NHL team scouts surveyed by TSN have the 17-year-old Boston University freshman centre at No. 1. Almost all of them can’t see anyone other than Celebrini going first overall in June. Is Celebrini's grip on top spot in rankings now stronger than before season? TSN Hockey Insider Bob McKenzie joins Jay Onrait to discuss if Macklin Celebrini's grip on the top spot in the rankings now stronger than before the season, and the reason for the big jump from centre Cayden Lindstrom in the rankings. play-btn-vid 4:15 Celebrini a unanimous choice for No. 1 but mid-season rankings filled with top tier talent Macklin Celebrini has put some separation between himself and the rest of the list but that doesn't mean the talent drops off from No. 1. TSN Hockey Insider Bob McKenzie shares his players to watch from his mid-season draft rankings. play-btn-vid 2:54 Button: Celebrini's complete game 'screams Jonathan Toews' TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button shares why he believes Macklin Celebrini has the potential to be a player in the mold of Jonathan Toews and why he thinks Cayden Lindstrom has the biggest upside of anyone in the draft. play-btn-vid 2:49 Tracking Silayev's rapid rise and what scouts want to see from Eiserman Anton Silayev, Artyom Levshunov, Cole Eiserman and Cayden Lindstrom round out the top five draft prospects and TSN Hockey Insider Bob McKenzie highlights Silayev's meteoric rise up the rankings and what else scouts are looking for out of Eiserman. play-btn-vid 3:46 SC with Jay Onrait videos Button: 'All signs point to a Boston and Toronto first round' TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SC with Jay Onrait to discuss what the Maple Leafs can take away from their loss to the Bruins and what holes they need to address ahead of the trade deadline. play-btn-vid 2:30 'It's up to Conroy to get value for Markstrom': Button on if Calgary should part ways with their goalie TSN's Director of Scouting Craig Button joins SC with Jay Onrait to give his thoughts on some of the biggest storylines heading into the trade deadline, what the Flames should do with Jacob Markstrom, if Jake Guentzel would be a fit in Vancouver and much more. play-btn-vid 8:17 'They've been big game hunting': Kaplan on the Hurricanes keeping tabs on marquee players ESPN's Emily Kaplan joins SC with Jay Onrait to dig into some of the bigger American storylines ahead of the trade deadline, the Hurricanes missing out on Elias Pettersson, what trades Julien BriseBois could be eyeing for the Lightning and much more. play-btn-vid 8:00 Todd's Odds: Who has the best odds of winning the Presidents Trophy? With the NHL playoffs starting in seven weeks Todd Fuhrman joins SC with Jay Onrait to give his thoughts on which team sitting outside the playoff picture has a shot of getting in, which team is most likely to win the Presidents trophy and if he thinks the Leafs will make a move by deadline day. play-btn-vid 5:25 FUTURES NBA Championship Odds Grey Cup Odds Stanley Cup Odds World Series Odds Super Bowl Odds Core 4 Plus More Bedard, Hughes bros. and Caufield highlight Core 4 U-24 5-Star player lists New to TSN’s Core 4 U-24 project this year are 5-Star Players, who represent the best of the best in six benchmark categories: smarts (hockey IQ), skating, shooting, stickhandling, competitiveness and, of course, swagger. Sabres No. 1, Canucks the top Canadian team in Core 4 NHL team ranking The Buffalo Sabres’ recent past has been filled with darkness, but the future may be brighter as the No. 1 team in TSN’s annual U-24 ranking of players and organizational prospects. Bedard, Hughes brothers headline TSN's Top 50 Under-24 players Chicago's sensation is No. 1 on TSN’s annual list of the Top 50 NHL-affiliated players and prospects aged 23 or younger as of this season’s start. CORE 4: Senators tops among Eastern Canadian teams TSN's annual CORE 4 project has the Senators ranked the highest among Canadian Eastern Conference teams. TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button highlights the tandem of Tim Stützle and Jake Sanderson in Ottawa, explains how the Canadiens cracked the top 10 and discusses the potential impact Matthew Knies can have in the future for the Maple Leafs. play-btn-vid 3:43 CORE 4: Canucks crack top five young cores in the NHL The Canucks have stormed out of the gate this season and a big reason why has been the play of their core group of young talent, led by arguably the best player in the NHL, Quinn Hughes. TSN Director of Scouting Craig Button speaks to the impact Hughes has had for Vancouver, discusses the ceiling for Dustin Wolf on the Flames, the Jets' pipeline of talent and the Oilers' low ranking. play-btn-vid 5:03 Latest from BarDown Asking 100 Leafs fans who they would like to trade for at the deadline Winning the Stanley Cup... but only in five years The Shift The Shift in The Community: A Different Booklist & Blackhurst Cultural Centre As another Black History Month comes to a close, we wanted to highlight a special place in Toronto steeped in community and history. A Different Booklist and Blackhurst Cultural Centre operates to preserve, connect and empower Canadians of African and Caribbean descent. Itah Sadu, award winning storyteller and co-owner of A Different Booklist joins Kayla Grey on The Shift to share her thoughts on the importance of the space she's created and her opinion on the value of Black History Month. She also reads her new book, "I AM BIG" which tells the story of a young Black hockey player who is navigating what it means to be big and small in the hockey space. They are joined by Abena Perryman, a member of the Blackhurst Cultural Centre and the mother of the boy who inspired Itah's book. play-btn-vid 23:16 TSN Edge FanDuel Anytime Goal Challenge Lindsay Hamilton and Glenn Schiiler share their favourite Anytime Goal-Scorer picks for Tuesday's slate of NHL games. play-btn-vid 1:34 Todd's Odds: Who has the best odds of winning the Presidents Trophy? With the NHL playoffs starting in seven weeks Todd Fuhrman joins SC with Jay Onrait to give his thoughts on which team sitting outside the playoff picture has a shot of getting in, which team is most likely to win the Presidents trophy and if he thinks the Leafs will make a move by deadline day. play-btn-vid 5:25 Will Wembanyama record a quadruple-double this season? It’s one of the rarest accomplishments in NBA history. LeBron James has never done it. Neither did Michael Jordan. The quadruple-double. San Antonio Spurs rookie Victor Wembanyama is listed at 100-1 to make history this season and become the first rookie in league history to record a quadruple-double. TSN Edge: Examining Kucherov's case for the Hart Trophy There's roughly a quarter of the regular season to go in the NHL and the Hart Trophy race is as tight as ever. With the help of FanDuel, Tekeyah Singh details how Nikita Kucherov is flying under the radar in the MVP race despite leading the NHL with 105 points. play-btn-vid 1:45 NHL Videos Latest Overdrive Videos Did Strudwick think Hyman could hit 50 goals: ‘I know who didn’t, Kyle Dubas’ Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by Got Yer Back podcast host and former NHLer Jason Strudwick to discuss Zach Hyman’s potential 50-goal season and can Connor McDavid win the Art Ross trophy. 3:45 Hayes: ‘Manoah should be in a position where he feels like he has to make the team’ Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by TSN Baseball Insider Steve Phillips to discuss Alek Manoah’s rough start to Spring Training, should the team be worried about him this season and could they have traded him last season. 7:08 Noodles on Pettersson extension: ‘I thought it was going to be 12’ Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan discuss the Canucks locking up Elias Pettersson to a new 8-year extension to stay in Vancouver and how it related to William Nylander’s deal in Toronto. 2:23 Johnston on Ruff firing: ‘Honestly, I’m surprised it took so long’ Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by TSN Hockey Insider Chris Johnston to discuss the New Jersey Devils firing head coach Lindy Ruff and Travis Green taking over on an interim basis for the remainder of the season. 3:34 Are Leafs looking to add more before deadline? Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan are joined by TSN Hockey Insider Chris Johnston to discuss if the Maple Leafs need to take the all-in approach to the deadline and what other players could they target before Friday’s deadline. 3:50 Is O’Win Willson in hot water? Bryan Hayes, Jeff O’Neill and Jamie McLennan discuss a possible plan for next season NFL picks with Hayes and Bro and O’Win Willson. 4:00 TSN Podcasts The Ray and Dregs Hockey Podcast Got Yer' Back with Ryan Rishaug and Pierre LeBrun Lots of NHL talk from TSN's Ryan Rishaug and TSN Hockey Insider Pierre LeBrun. The Overtime Podcast with Gino Reda The Rubber Boots Podcast The BarDown Podcast Football with Farhan and Moj - Episode 11 On this week’s show, Farhan and Moj welcome special guests Mike Ditka and J.T. the Brick. TSN Hockey Broadcast Schedules Molson Export Canadiens Hockey Regional Broadcast Schedule Check our complete regional schedule. Winnipeg Jets Regional Broadcast Schedule TSN broadcasts regional games each season on TSN3. Check out our complete schedule below. Molson Leafs Hockey Regional Broadcast Schedule TSN broadcasts regional games each season to fans on TSN4. Check out our complete pre-season and regular season schedule below. Canadian Tire Senators Hockey Regional Broadcast Schedule Viewers in the Ottawa Senators region can catch games on TSN5. Fantasy Sports Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Hockey Fantasy Basketball Fantasy Football TSN Originals TSN Original: Who is Dillon Brooks? Dillon Brooks has been painted as a villain, agitator, instigator and a pest but while he has accepted and even relished his role as 'the bad guy,' not many people know the true Dillon. The brother, son and fan favourite opened up about his origins as Risk Westhead travelled to Brooks' new home in Houston to find out, who is Dillon Brooks? 11:49 TSN Original: Reign of the King 2023 Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Henrik Lundqvist didn’t win a Stanley Cup in 15 seasons with the New York Rangers. So how is still considered a King in New York City? Michael Farber has the story in our TSN Original - Reign of the King 8:07 TSN Original: Thankful Montreal Alouettes running back William Stanback has had a rough couple of years. Family tragedy and injuries have tested him but on this Thanksgiving weekend Stanback is focusing on what he has rather than what he has lost. Appropriately he chooses to be “Thankful”. 7:05 TSN Original: The Experiment A little more than a decade ago, Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle David Onyemata was a Nigerian visa student at the University of Manitoba, looking for a way to fill up his time. He chose football even though he didn't know the first thing about the sport. Dave Naylor shares how that decision changed Onyemata's life in the TSN Original: The Experiment. 11:11 TSN Original: Opportunity Nocs Ottawa’s Jesse Luketa is set to begin his second season with the NFL’s Arizona Cardinals. When Jesse was a 13-year-old kid looking for guidance and inspiration, he reached out to a football idol who shared his Congolese heritage - CFL linebacker Henoc Muamba, or ''Nocs'' as Jesse calls him. Dave Naylor shares what happened next in the TSN Original: Opportunity Nocs. 11:22 TSN Original: Authentically Quinn When Canada won gold in soccer at the Tokyo Olympics, midfielder Quinn became the first out trans and nonbinary gold medalist. Closing in on their 90th cap, at this World Cup they would like to be known for more than that. Although well aware of a world that expresses the feeling ranging from confusion to outright hatred toward the trans community, Quinn bravely reveals their authentic self in this TSN Original. 12:13 Doc Collection Staff Picks NFL GameDay: Conference Championships NFL GameDay recaps all of the Conference Championship Playoff action. 27:25 NFL GameDay: Divsional Playoffs NFL GameDay recaps all of the Divisional Playoff action. 22:24 NFL GameDay: Wild Card NFL GameDay recaps all of the Wild Card Playoff action. 19:43 2024 Toronto Rock: Rock City Unplugged - Episode 2 2024 Toronto Rock: Rock City Unplugged - Episode 2 31:53 2024 Toronto Rock: Rock City Unplugged - Episode 1 2024 Toronto Rock: Rock City Unplugged - Episode 1 32:01 NFL GameDay: Week 18 NFL GameDay recaps all of the Week 18 action. 22:43 TSN Radio TSN 1050 - Toronto Sports Radio TSN 690 - Montreal Sports Radio TSN 1200 - Ottawa Sports Radio OverDrive with Hayes, Noodles & O-Dog Help Accessibility Privacy Mobile Terms & Conditions TSN Direct Terms & Conditions Careers Advertise Political Ad Registry © 2024 All rights reserved.