× Home Brain Rules Brain Rules Excerpt: Introduction Exercise Survival Sleep Stress Wiring Attention Memory 1 Memory 2 Senses Vision Music Gender Exploration The 12 Rules Video Tutorials Brain Rules for Baby Introduction Pregnancy Relationship Smart Baby Happy Baby Moral Baby Sleep Baby References Video Quiz Brain Rules for Aging Well Video Tutorials Brain Rules For Work Buy the Books Buy the Audiobooks John Medina Parenting Tips References News Contact Why are video meetings so tiring? How do I keep people engaged during presentations? What can I do to my office to make me look forward to work on Monday? How can I improve the productivity of our team, department, or organization? Medina unpacks the science behind the answers to these and other business questions. Audio eBook Print Where are my keys? Why don’t I sleep as well as I used to? Why do my friends keep repeating the same stories? What can I do to keep my brain sharp? Medina gives you the scientific facts about these questions and many others—along with the prescription to aging well—in his signature engaging style. Audio eBook Print New chapter on sleep What’s the best way to raise a smart, happy child through age five? Scientists know. As Dr. Medina notes in the introduction, this book is about answering the big questions parents have asked him over and over—and debunking the big myths, too—in a user-friendly, practical way. Audio eBook Print Updated and expanded How do we learn? What exactly do sleep and stress do to our brains? Is multi-tasking a myth? Why is it so easy to forget—and so important to repeat new knowledge? Do men and women really have different brains? Dr. Medina reveals 12 scientific rules about how our brains truly work. Audio eBook Print What's going on inside our heads? How do we learn? What exactly do sleep and stress do to our brains? Why is multi-tasking a myth? What can science tell us about raising smart, happy children? Brain Rules are things we know for sure about how the human brain works. Dr. John Medina uncovers details and imparts lessons every teacher, parent, business leader, and curious person deserves to understand. Check out the Brain Rules video tutorials, which offer short visual lessons that reinforce the rules laid out in the books: Brain Rules Video Tutorials Brain Rules for Baby Video Tutorials Praise for Brain Rules "Medina’s humorous, conversational style make this an absolute please to read.” – Library Journal “Few people are better qualified to help managers sift through all the hype than John Medina.” – Harvard Business Review “Oliver Sacks meets Getting Things Done.” – Cory Doctorow, coeditor of Boing Boing Brain Rules Brain Rules For Baby Brain Rules For Aging Well Brain Rules For Work Subscribe to Our Newsletter