Ms. Magazine — Feminist news and information in print and online - Ms. Magazine Skip to content Trending: Anti-Abortion Movement Black History Religion Film & TV Texas Gender Violence Parenting #50YearsofMs More Than A Magazine, A Movement donate join store Primary Menu News & Opinion Politics Health Culture Ms. Studios Women & Democracy Series Explore by Topic Jim Watson / AFP via Getty Images Alabama IVF Ruling Imperils Contraception Anti-abortion forces have fought increased access to contraception for over a decade. Most recently, the Alabama Supreme Court ruling that frozen embryos created by in vitro fertilization (IVF) are children lays the groundwork for banning most forms of contraception. Carrie N. Baker March 2024 Reads for the Rest of Us Karla J. Strand From The Vault: We Have Had Abortions (Spring 1972) Ms. Editors Seeing Fetal ‘People’ Everywhere: What Has ‘Dobbs’ Wrought? Shoshanna Ehrlich Get the Ms. Weekly News Digest: Email Zip Δ Listen, Rate, Review and subscribe on: Reclaiming Spirituality After It Was Weaponized Against Us with Phillip Picardi For many of us, spiritual health is a facet of our health that we consider less, perhaps even give less weight to or spend less time cultivating. There are many reasons for this. Spirituality can feel elusive, confusing, scary, and unknown. It can bring up religious baggage, ostracization, and pain. Editor, journalist and Harvard Divinity School graduate Philip Picardi joins to discuss how acknowledging and engaging in our individual spirituality, however you label that, or in whatever way that may look, can ground us, give us purpose, and guide us, even if it doesn’t come easy. Get the magazine and join the community Become a Member Support Ms. Donate National Tom Williams / CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images Project 2025: The Right’s Dystopian Plan to Dismantle Civil Rights and What It Means for Women Carrie N. Baker Global Ms Global: Women and Children Bear Brunt of Gaza Conflict, Mistreatment of Pregnant Women in Japanese Prisons, Free Public Transit for Trans People in India Wakaba Oto and Kiara Alvarez Feminist Daily Newswire Feminist Majority FoundationThe Taliban Misuses Religion And Culture To Promote Their IdeologyGender Apartheid Constantly Expanding in AfghanistanThe Tragic Death of Nex Benedict and the Battle for LGBTQ+ Rights in OklahomaTexas woman denied care while experiencing ectopic pregnancyCrossing State Lines: The Vital Role of Telehealth Shield Laws in Reproductive Healthcare Access From the Magazine: Join the Ms. community Get Ms.’s award-winning feminist reporting delivered directly to your mailbox! Mexico Is for Mujeres: The Next Mexican President Will Be a Woman Mexico’s women-led presidential race does not reveal a feminist utopia—but it does signal progress and possibility. In a country where women—especially Indigenous women—struggle to survive, Xóchitl Gálvez and Claudia Sheinbaum studied science, shaped policy and crafted resumes worthy of presidential bids. One of them will surely shatter Mexico’s glass ceiling. Jennifer M. Piscopo Inside an Abortion Clinic Invasion Amanda Robb Rape Threats, Misogynist Slurs, Sexual Harassment and Doxing: How Online Abuse Is Used to Intimidate, Discredit and Silence Viktorya Vilk and Jeje Mohamed Not Helpless, Not Silenced: What to Do if You Are Experiencing or Witnessing Online Abuse Viktorya Vilk and Jeje Mohamed Rest in Power: Alice Shalvi, the Mother of Israeli Feminism Letty Cottin Pogrebin Ms. at 50: Five Decades of Playing by Our Own Rules Ms. Editors Health Justice & Law National Saie Relaunches ‘The Every Body Campaign’ in Support of SisterSong Livia Follet Health Justice & Law Politics Violence & Harassment War on Women Report: Anti-Abortion Group Tracks Planned Parenthood Visits; Texas Man Will Spend Five Months in Jail for Slipping Pregnant Wife Abortion Pill Emmaline Kenny and Jules Hanisee Education Health National The Good Brigade / Getty Images As a Black Woman and Physician, It’s Time to End Microaggressions in Medicine Katrina Gipson Herstory Money & Jobs National Violence & Harassment Thomas Barwick / Getty Images Subminimum Wage Is a Legacy of Slavery: Time for One Fair Wage Carrie N. Baker Arts & Entertainment National Politics Kevin Mazur / Getty Images for Acrisure Arena We Heart: Olivia Rodrigo’s Abortion ‘Fund 4 Good’ Will Benefit Reproductive Rights Anoushka Chander Money & Jobs National Front and Center: ‘Politicians Who Believe Guaranteed Income Programs Discourage People From Working Are Wrong’ Michelle About Ms. Ms. History Masthead Ms. Committee of Scholars Internships Membership Get Ms. Give the Gift of Ms. Manage Your Ms. Membership Support Ms. Newsletters Back Issues Store Contact Media Center Writing for Ms. Contact Us Advertise with Ms. Programs & Sister Organizations Feminist Majority Foundation Feminist Campus Girls Learn International Copyright © 2024 Ms. Magazine Terms of Use Terms of Service Privacy Policy Search for: Ms. is wholly owned and published by the Feminist Majority Foundation