Cleverism | Get Your Dream Job & Raise Your Lifetime Salary c l e v e r i s m c l e v e r i s m MENU Login SignUp Jobs Job Interview Training Skyrocket your resume, interview performance, and salary negotiation skills. Find my next job Learn Courses Online courses that’ll get you results. Resources Online resources to advance your career and business. Blog Business Marketing, Sales, Product, Finance, and more. Career Resume, Interview, Job Search, Salary Negotiations, and more. Personal development Productivity, Mindfulness, Health, and more. The Clever Way to Get Your Dream Job Cleverism helps you 10x your chances of getting your dream job while increasing your lifetime salary by $200,000 and more (so that YOU can live the life you've always dreamed of). Find My Dream Job I'm Hiring Want to Increase Your Lifetime Earnings, Get Promoted, or Find Your Dream Job? Learn everything to rock your resume, interview, and salary negotiation AND land your next job offer. Sure, Send Me Your Best Tips You're almost there. Hey, please check your email and confirm Featured in: Step-by-step to your Dream Job We help you make the right career choice, 10X your chances of actually getting your dream job, and increase your salary by thousands of Dollars. Find your dream job Resume & Cover Letter Builder Get Flooded with Job Interviews Rock the job interview Raise Your Salary Find your dream job Find your dream job Looking for your next job? Use our smart jobboard with millions of jobs and spot your dream job faster. The Cleverism jobboard is packed with tons of unique jobs, provides relevant search results due to flexible filters and machine learning, and is super intuitive to use (many people even say that with us finding a job is almost fun). Find my dream job now. Resume & Cover Letter Builder Resume & Cover Letter Builder Impress recruiters and hiring managers with your irresistible resume and cover letter. Save time and get an awesome resume and cover letter that gets you to the job interview. Select resume template now. Get Flooded with Job Interviews Get Flooded with Job Interviews So, you’ve found your dream job and are ready to send your job application. Wait! Make sure you are applying the right way, so every time you check your emails you see tons of job interview invitations. I want more job interviews. Rock the job interview Rock the job interview So, you’ve found your dream job and you are highly qualified for this role. Still, did you know that there’s less than 10% Chance that you’ll actually get a job offer. Some of it is bad luck. But the biggest part is going unprepared to your next job interview. Learn the exact methods and word-by-word scripts that our students used to 4X their chances of actually getting offered the high-paying dream job they wished for. I want to rock the job interview. Raise Your Salary Raise Your Salary Most hard-working people never ask for a raise… and this is costing them $1,000,000 over the 40 years of their work (assuming they could easily get a salary raise of a little more than $5,000… and this is sooo possible). Learn the exact methods our students used to increase their salaries by $5,000, $10,000, or even $20,000. I want to increase my salary asap. We've already helped more than 25 million career enthusiasts make the right career choice, get their dream job, and raise their salaries by $10,000, $20,000 and more. Find My Dream Job Now Read our Blog by Anastasia Belyh September 11, 2023 Movavi Screen Recorder Software Reviews, Demo & Pricing Movavi Screen Recorder is a popular productivity tool that lets you record what’s on your screen and even edit it. Despite being a simple screen capture software, it also includes key features like noise cancellation and the ability to schedule… Business 1 by Cleverism Community November 20, 2022 Sales Prospecting vs Lead Generation: Key Differences and Overlaps Sales are what drive your company’s profits, ensuring you can survive in an increasingly competitive marketplace. With the advent of the digital age, the sales landscape looks very different from the pre-internet days. What’s more, it continues to evolve as… Business Marketing Sales by Cleverism Community October 31, 2022 Pipeline Management Best Practices For SMEs To a company endeavoring to maximize sales (which, let’s face it, is most companies), the state of its sales pipeline is absolutely key to the chances of success. This is especially true of SMEs, for whom each sale is that… Business Marketing All articles Testimonials Adrian G. Senior Analyst at Cisco This course was eye-opening for me. I followed the step-by-step procedure and was able to land a job interview at McKinsey and Cisco within a week — and the best part: I can use this formula for all my next jobs. Definitely one of my best career investments so far. Stephanie B. Senior Project Manager, Leading eCommerce Company Before this course I just handed my resume to dozens of jobs which I like, just to increase my chances of getting a good job. Now, I focus only on the jobs that really excite me because by following this methodolgy I was able to increase my chances for landing my dream job by 178%. I always recommend this course to my friends who are looking for a great job. Jobs Companies Job profiles Job skills Learn Courses Resources Lexicon Blog Business Career Personal development Contribute Follow us © 2024 CLEVERISM Contact Terms of Use Privacy Disclosure Cookies Imprint Login E-mail* Password* login Forgot your password? Not yet a member? Sign Up join cleverism Find your dream job. Get on promotion fasstrack and increase tour lifetime salary. Post your jobs & get access to millions of ambitious, well-educated talents that are going the extra mile. talent employer First name* Last name* E-mail* Password* I agree to Cleverism's terms of service and privacy policy. Sign up Already have Cleverism account? Login Company name* Company Website* First name* Last name* E-mail (work)* Position* Phone* I represent HR, Recruiting, or am an Executive at my company and I agree to Cleverism’s terms of service and privacy policy on behalf of my company Request your company profile & post jobs Already have Cleverism account? Login Login or Register E-mail* Reset password Password reset instructions will be sent to your E-mail. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok