MATRIXSYNTH skip to main | skip to sidebar MATRIXSYNTH EVERYTHING SYNTH Monday, March 04, 2024 NINA SESSIONS featuring DANIEL MOUGERMAN, ANGUS RADLEY & GRAEME POGSON video upload by https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ "Welcome to the second instalment of NINA SESSIONS, featuring Melbourne-based musicians Daniel Mougerman (The Bamboos, Kylie Auldist, Ella Thompson), Angus Radley (Bermuda), and Graeme Pogson (GL, The Bamboos, Kylie Auldist, Bermuda). Once again we have two NINAs in the mix, but this time the second NINA serves primarily as Synth Bass, complimenting the lead synth and Graeme on drums, Simmons and MPC. The MOOG Subsequent 37 and NORD Stage you see in this clip are being used as controllers/keyboards only. All sounds (except percussion) are from the two NINAs. Nina is a Desktop Synth module, and requires a USB or MIDI keyboard for performance. This session features two songs - the first, 'Swimming' is an original composition by Mougerman, Pogson & Radley, written exclusively for this recording and features Graeme on live drums. The second tune is 'Textures', composed by Herbie Hancock for his 1980 'Mr. Hands' album, and was selected by the band as a piece they thought was a great opportunity to showcase Nina. For this tune it's programmed drums from from the MPC5000, along with miscellaneous percussion from Graeme. Both songs use a mix of factory presets, and the artist's own presets/sound design. Both tunes were recorded live at Swimming Pool Studio in North Fitzroy over a single afternoon session. 'Swimming' is almost 100% live with no overdubs aside from minor percussion, and minimal post production. 'Textures' features minor overdubbing recorded with NINA in a later post production / mixdown session. Post production and mastering has been kept minimal to give a true representation of NINA's sound and range. ABOUT NINA: NINA is the world’s first fully motorized analog synthesizer. Synth players have dreamt of this feature for decades, and now it’s finally available. Instantly recall your presets and layers, see exactly how the sound was created, or pick up from where you were last working. Musicians, Producers & Sound Designers can finally enjoy the flexibility of Soft Synth control from a real, physical instrument. Learn more at: www.melbourneinstruments.com/features" Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 10:30:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Melbourne Instruments NINA SESSIONS featuring CLOSE COUNTERS video upload by Melbourne Instruments https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ "Melbourne Instruments’ NINA SESSIONS are a chance for us to show off our Nina Synthesizer, and also an opportunity for us to showcase some of Melbourne’s incredible musical talent. For our first Nina Session, we are excited to present local Melbourne duo, CLOSE COUNTERS performing original tunes from their latest album, ‘SOULACOASTA II’. We asked Close Counters to choose some of their songs that they thought would be interesting to play on Nina. It was their idea to use two Ninas, and create a live improvised rendition of their song 'BREAK FROM IT' using only Ninas, their Nord Stage keys and a TR-8S drum machine. The above video is entirely live with no overdubs or additional effects. There has been minimal mastering and post production to the final mix, giving you a very true indication of Nina's sound and sonic palette. For this performance, the duo use a number or factory and custom presets to shape the sounds, and both Finn and Allan are using different multitimbral keyboard splits throughout the song. You’ll see some heavy manipulation of the filter as you watch closely, along with a lot of ’morphing using Nina’s A/B morph feature. Nina’s morph allows you to move between two predetermined patches, smoothly blending every parameter of the two patches, including all modulation and effects. Morph allows performers and sound designers to virtually adjust just about everything with only one knob, making it possible to do what otherwise would take many hands, and even many keyboards. If you like this video, we'll have more NINA SESSIONS coming soon. Up next we have a special Melbourne trio consisting of Daniel Mougerman (The Bamboos, Kylie Auldist, Ella Thompson), Angus Radley (Harvey Sutherland/Bermuda), and Graeme Pogson (The Bamboos, GL, Bermuda). Watch this space ABOUT NINA: NINA is the world’s first fully motorized analog synthesizer. Synth players have dreamt of this feature for decades, and now it’s finally available. Instantly recall your presets and layers, see exactly how the sound was created, or pick up from where you were last working. Musicians, Producers & Sound Designers can finally enjoy the flexibility of Soft Synth control from a real, physical instrument. Learn more at: www.melbourneinstruments.com/features" NINA - 12 Voice Polysynth with Motorized Recall & Automation video upload by "This is NINA, a 12 voice polysynth combining the tactile and sonic qualities of classic analog, with motorized patch recall and automation." https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 10:28:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Melbourne Instruments NINA SYNTH: SHOULD YOU GET ONE? NINA SYNTH; Curated Out of the Box Performance video upload by Airhaert "Hey! This is a shortened version with sections that I've edited together to sound like one entire performance! The original goes through a lot more presets and has more stops in between (as I am changing the presets)." https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ And the long version: video upload by Airhaert "Best to leave this on in the background as you take in the sounds! Melbourne Instruments NINA + What the presets sound like out of the box! This synth is powerful out of the box with out any added compressors or EQs!" Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 10:24:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Melbourne Instruments Tycho Style Sound Design // Melbourne Instruments Nina video upload by craigwilliamsmusic https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 10:23:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Melbourne Instruments Melbourne Instruments-Nina, first encounter video upload by Belleville "First 3 patches I made on the gorgeous Nina who just arrived. Prompted my first gear video ever. More to come!" https://www.melbourneinstruments.com/ Melbourne Instruments-Nina, First Encounter-Part 2 video upload by Belleville "Made some more presets. Enjoying the tones of this beast. Not quite an OBX but a high quality sound. Still working out levels recording on my camera, so not the best render, there is hiss from adding volume to video, the synth is dead quiet. Looking forward to a manual and more developments on the OS." Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 10:22:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Melbourne Instruments Kodamo Mask1 Unleashed - New Features Overview for V3.4 Update video upload by Kodamo "More info & download here : https://kodamo.org/mask1_firmwares Quick overview of this V3.4 firmware you can install today on your Kodamo Mask1. More masks (9-bit, 512 waveforms) for even more sonic possibilities. A second filter per voice that can be independent or combined with the first one to create a characterful 24dB filter. Loops on delta envelopes. 600 user memory slots. More parameters for noise generator. Improved UI. Both oscillators can be edited at the same time. LFO buttons light up to show LFO activity. It is now possible to change the voice used on other parts (2-4) directly on the Mask1. Music track made with Mask1 only. Music by jbowman, all rights reserved." Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 08:08:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: KODAMO, New Updates, News MEMS 296 Parsed Beat video upload by Todd Barton "Sound source is the Soundfreak EMS Triple Oscillator gated and going to the MEMS 296 Spectral Processor where different bandwidths of the fundamental sequence are parsed out and brought into the mix either the Buchla 207 mixer. Soundfreak https://www.soundfreak.io MEMS https://www.memsproject.info Buchla https://buchla.com" Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 04:06:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Buchla, MATRIXSYNTH Members, MEMS, Soundfreak Dreadbox Kinematic Compressor/Filter & Treminator Tremolo FX Pedal review on Synths and Drummachines video upload by Knobs & Switches "Here is my new deeper Review about the Dreadbox FX Pedals Kinematic (Compression / Auto Wah) and Treminator (Smashing Tremolo) with the help of Stylophone Beat, Yamaha CP-35 & SK50D, Arturia Drumbrute Impact, Boss RV-5, Korg Monologue, Roland Juno-6, Oto Bam, Teenage Engineering KOII and of course the Dreadbox Sonic Bits, Lethargy, Komorebi and Disorder." Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 02:12:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: Arturia, BOSS, Dreadbox, Korg, MATRIXSYNTH Members, Roland, Stylophone, Teenage Engineering Rare Tiracon 6V Polysynth | Basic tune and a look inside video upload by Mindburner "This video fatures the Tiracon 6V polysynth for around 1987. It was made in Communist East Germany. It is one of the last and very rare analogue synthesizer models produced in German Democratic Republic before German reunion." Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 02:10:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: synth guts, Tiracon Hardware Jams Weekly Challenge - 303 Day video upload by SynthAddict "Maschine+ I'm faking several TB-303 style sounds and layering it with others and some TR-909 perc stuff. YMMV :-)" Posted by matrix at 3/04/2024 02:09:00 PM 0 comments LABELS/MORE: MATRIXSYNTH Members, Native Instruments NEXT PAGE HOME © Matrixsynth - All posts are presented here for informative, historical and educative purposes as applicable within fair use. MATRIXSYNTH is supported by affiliate links that use cookies to track clickthroughs and sales. See the privacy policy for details. MATRIXSYNTH - EVERYTHING SYNTH Search MATRIXSYNTH Useful Links: NEWS | SUBMIT POST | SUPPORT MATRIXSYNTH! UPDATES | RARE | AUCTIONS | COMMENTS | POPULAR POSTS, LABELS & ARCHIVES