History Today | The World’s Leading Serious History Magazine Skip to main content User menu logged out Subscribe Sign in SubscriptionOffers Give a Gift Enter your keywords Subscribe Search Toggle navigation Main menu Home The Magazine Subscribe Buy the Current Issue The Archive Reviews Sign in Mini header menu Search Magazine Latest Subscribe Subscribe HEAD TO HEAD Was the Trojan Horse Real? Did the Greeks really trick their way into Troy inside a gigantic wooden horse? Julia Kindt Today’s featured articles FeatureThe First Anglo-Burmese WarIn March 1824 the East India Company declared war on Burma, the opening salvo in a series of conflicts that would see one empire fall, another expand and leave divisive wounds still felt today. Michael W. Charney Review‘Revolusi’ by David Van Reybrouck reviewRevolusi: Indonesia and the Birth of the Modern World by David Van Reybrouck brings Southeast Asia’s ‘invisible revolution’ into the light. Erin Cook Out of the MarginsBeware the Lides of MarchMarch is the loudest month. The late survival of a dialect name – Lide – for the month poses a medieval puzzle. Eleanor Parker Most recent Review ‘Revolusi’ by David Van Reybrouck review Revolusi: Indonesia and the Birth of the Modern World by David Van Reybrouck brings Southeast Asia’s ‘invisible revolution’ into the light. History Matters Was the Trojan Horse Real? Did the Greeks really trick their way into Troy inside a gigantic wooden horse? Out of the Margins Beware the Lides of March March is the loudest month. The late survival of a dialect name – Lide – for the month poses a medieval puzzle. Great Debates Measuring the Shape of the Earth Was the Earth flatter around the poles or the Equator? In 1735 two expeditions set out to settle a matter of national pride. Review ‘Rites of Passage’ by Judith Flanders review In Rites of Passage: Death & Mourning in Victorian Britain, Judith Flanders explores the commercialisation of grief and those who resisted the era’s conspicuous consumption. Feature The Golden Age of Medieval Nostalgia The 14th century was a period of great upheaval. People yearned for the good old days, when everyone knew their place, prices were lower and kings were better. Head to Head What Do We Get Wrong About the Byzantine Empire? Four historians evaluate perceptions of Rome’s eastern successor beyond the piety, icons, bureaucracy and gold of Byzantium. Feature André Rigaud: Napoleon’s Man in Haiti An exiled revolutionary, André Rigaud’s return to the island of his birth changed Haiti’s political destiny. Was he sent back to help reinstate slavery? His enemies would have us believe so. More Articles Current issue Image In the March issue: Britain’s war on pirates, Napoleon’s man in Haiti, the lost Tudor Domesday book, the First Anglo-Burmese War, medieval nostalgia, and what we get wrong about Byzantium. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. Popular Articles Was the Trojan Horse Real? What is History? The Death of Mahatma Gandhi Beware the Lides of March Why Were the Jews Persecuted? The First Anglo-Burmese War ALTERNATIVE HISTORIES Recent issues Volume 74 Issue 3 March 2024 Volume 74 Issue 2 February 2024Buddha, Sand War, Phantom Limbs Volume 74 Issue 1 January 2024The KGB, Henry VIII, Uyghurs. Volume 73 Issue 12 December 2023Monroe Doctrine, First World War, Vesuvius See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues X Get Miscellanies, our free weekly long read, in your inbox every week Footer menu About Masthead Contact Jobs Advertising RSS feeds Submit an Article Back Issues Binders Cookie policy Awards Students Privacy policy Terms of Use Twitter Instagram © Copyright 2024 History Today Ltd. Company no. 1556332.