Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory - Advancing the frontiers of biology through education and research | Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Skip to content Search CSHL … Search Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory About Us Contact Us Directions Leadership CSHL President CSHL Chief Operating Officer Administrative Departments Board of Trustees Divisions Size and Reach: 2022 Annual Reports History A Lab Like No Other Discoveries Timeline Institutes & Directors Timeline Nobel Prize Winners How one family secured the future of a laboratory Good genes, bad science Office of Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Careers Events Event Calendar Lectures Concerts Tour CSHL Newsstand CSHL Stories and Media News Features LabDish Blog Press Tools Harbor Transcript magazine Newsletter Podcast Library Video Library Logos/Graphic identity guidelines Partner With Us Business Development & Technology Transfer Technology Transfer Resources Office of Procurement Office of Sponsored Programs/Grants Preprints Careers Giving Donate Now Annual Giving Planned Giving Funds & Endowment Giving Calendar Double Helix Medals dinner Attend Press Package Double Helix Medals Dinner Video Past DHMD CSHL’s 29th Annual Golf Tournament Women’s Partnership for Science CSHL Association Directors Corporate Advisory Board Honor Roll of Donors Local Support News History Contact Giving Education Programs Undergraduate Research Program Partners for the Future CSHL Graduate Program Postdoc Resources Center for Humanities & History of Modern Biology Faculty Research Banbury Center CSHL Press DNA Learning Center Meetings & Courses Ph.D. Program An evolutionary mystery 125 million years in the makingRead the story Pancreatic cancer lives on mucusRead the story Chronic stress spreads cancer … here’s howRead the story Previous Next Advancing the frontiers of biology through research & education Founded in 1890, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory has shaped contemporary biomedical research and education with programs in cancer, neuroscience, plant biology and quantitative biology. Home to eight Nobel Prize winners, the private, not-for-profit Laboratory employs 1,000 people including 600 scientists, students and technicians. The Meetings & Courses Program hosts more than 12,000 scientists from around the world each year on its campuses in Long Island and in Suzhou, China. The Laboratory’s education arm also includes an academic publishing house, a graduate school and programs for middle, high school, and undergraduate students and teachers. Donate Now Get To Know Us VideoCan AI uncover breast cancer risk factors?This question lies at the heart of a new interdisciplinary collaboration between CSHL’s Camila dos Santos and Peter Koo. Watch the video » HarborScope blog‘Twisting Dendrites’February 21, 2024It’s not a sea creature. It’s in your brain. For over 20 years, this sculpture has inspired cutting-edge neuroscience research at CSHL. Read the story » Interactive FeatureKiller disease, miracle drugThe story of a child’s illness, a scientist’s quest, and the circumstances that made possible the successful development of a life-saving treatment. Read the story » Participate EventSaturday DNA! Selection DetectionMarch 16, 2024Join the DNA Learning Center and explore some of the secrets behind theories of natural selection. Learn more » EventScience on Screen Film: ArrivalMarch 26, 2024A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world. Learn more » Postdoctoral PostionsCSHL is recruiting postdocs across all research areas. Learn about specific openings, and why CSHL is a great place to do your postdoctoral research. Learn more » hashtag icon Follow CSHL Main Menu About Events Newsstand Partner With Us Careers Giving Education Programs Faculty Divisions Research Banbury Center CSHL Press DNA Learning Center Meetings & Courses Program Ph.D. Program Resources CSHL Archives Library Preprints Non-discrimination Whistleblower Policy (pdf) UHC Medical Transparency in Coverage Contact 516-367-8800 info@cshl.edu Maps & Directions Donate Now Newsletter Connect with CSHL © 2024 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. All Rights Reserved. One Bungtown Road, Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724 Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Web Accessibility Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience on the site. By clicking "continue" or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as detailed in our Privacy Policy.CONTINUEManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT