Home - NHS Digital Skip to main content Internet explorer is no longer supported We have detected that you are using Internet Explorer to visit this website. Internet Explorer is now being phased out by Microsoft. As a result, NHS Digital no longer supports any version of Internet Explorer for our web-based products, as it involves considerable extra effort and expense, which cannot be justified from public funds. Some features on this site will not work. You should use a modern browser such as Edge, Chrome, Firefox, or Safari. If you have difficulty installing or accessing a different browser, contact your IT support team. England Digital Close menu Services Data Cyber Developer News About Menu Search Close search Data and technology that improves lives We support NHS staff at work, help people get the best care, and use the nation's health data to drive research and transform services. About us ???text.sr-only-link??? Keeping patient data safe We collect data from GP practices to help support care and research. Find out about our new way of collecting this data, and what your choices are. Your data 3 billion firewall transactions a day We actively monitor and protect devices across the NHS and work directly with local teams in response to cyber threats Cyber and data security ???text.sr-only-link??? 99.97% availability We provide services the NHS can rely on, with near-perfect average availability across over 100 live services Our services ???text.sr-only-link??? 1.6 billion transactions per month NHS Spine connects more than 20,000 health and care organisations, allowing information to be shared securely Spine 31 million registrations The NHS App provides a simple and secure way for people to access a range of NHS services NHS App ???text.sr-only-link??? Our services The NHS App: a simple, secure way to get information and manage NHS services NHS 111 online: helpful medical advice, and access to urgent healthcare Coronavirus services View all services ???text.sr-only-link??? Improving the NHS’s most fundamental process A new service is making registering with a GP easier for patients and practices. GP registration Latest blogs We had to follow the data, not our users Chiara Garattini and Kate Burn explain how working in our Data and Analytics sub-directorate has challenged the assumptions of our user-centred design team. One year on: The latest on our Secure Data Environment Liz Gaffney, Head of NHS England's Secure Data Environment, reflects on the developments of the service one year on. New choices for GP IT As we prepare to bring new products and suppliers into the GP IT market, Dan Wintercross discusses the Tech Innovation Framework. Recruitment success puts spotlight on what we can do better Our data-driven clinical trials service, NHS DigiTrials, is changing what is possible for researchers but there’s more to do, says our Head of Clinical Trials. All blogs ???text.sr-only-link??? Latest news ???text.sr-only-link??? Data and information Statistics and publications We collect, process and publish data and information gathered from across the health and social care system in England. Start your search ???text.sr-only-link??? Coronavirus dashboards We publish a range of data about coronavirus. Explore our interactive dashboards to find out more about infection rates in your area and much more. Visit the hub How we look after your information Collecting data on health and care is an important part of our role in the health service. We collect and store some information from people's health and care records so that it can be used to run the health service, manage epidemics, plan for the future and research health conditions, diseases and treatments. We always make sure data we collect is handled securely and in line with the law. We don't hold your medical records. Looking after your data Legal Privacy and cookies Terms and conditions Looking after your data Freedom of information Modern Slavery Act Statement Accessibility Change cookie settings ???text.sr-only-link??? Copyright (c) NHS Digital ???text.sr-only-link??? Get in touch Contact us Press office ???text.sr-only-link??? Careers Tell us what you think of our website RSS feeds Follow us on social media Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube