Chowhound - The Site for Food Nerds: Cooking Tips, Culinary How-To's, & More. Recipes Cooking Drinks Kitchen Shopping Facts Restaurants Features About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved Recipes Cooking Drinks Kitchen Shopping Facts Restaurants Features Kitchen Kitchen By Ann Meyer What Happens When You Leave Canned Food Open In The Fridge Is it a good idea to store open canned food in the fridge? Here's what experts have said on the topic, and how you can best store your leftovers. By Ann Meyer Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee The Reason Early Salting Can Ruin Your Prime Rib Salting prime rib too early can spell disaster for your dinner. Here's why salting too far ahead can cause problems, and how to time the process just right. By Matthew Lee Read More Cooking Cooking By Emmy Schneider-Green Yes, It Matters Which Bowl You Use To Eat Oatmeal For the best oatmeal experience, you need to use a bowl that prevents it from turning cold and gluey. Here's how to choose one that will work. By Emmy Schneider-Green Read More Cooking Cooking By Emmy Schneider-Green Vanilla Substitutes You Can Grab Straight From The Bar There are certain types of alcohol that could mimic the flavor of vanilla in certain recipes, meaning you could replace vanilla extract with something richer. By Emmy Schneider-Green Read More More Stories Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee The Reason Early Salting Can Ruin Your Prime Rib Salting prime rib too early can spell disaster for your dinner. Here's why salting too far ahead can cause problems, and how to time the process just right. By Matthew Lee Read More Cooking Cooking By Emmy Schneider-Green Yes, It Matters Which Bowl You Use To Eat Oatmeal For the best oatmeal experience, you need to use a bowl that prevents it from turning cold and gluey. Here's how to choose one that will work. By Emmy Schneider-Green Read More Cooking Cooking By Buffy Naillon 11 Tips That Will Improve The Way You Make Hard-Boiled Eggs Hard-boiled eggs are as filling as they are versatile, but some home cooks have trouble preparing them. These tips help make the process simpler. By Buffy Naillon Read More Recipes Recipes By Michelle McGlinn The Perfect Margarita Recipe In this margarita recipe, we toss out the sour mix for fresh lime and add a swirl of agave to compliment the agave-based spirit in the drink. By Michelle McGlinn Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee The Flavor Difference Between Grass-Fed And Grain-Fed Beef Grass-fed beef and grain-fed beef aren't raised the same -- and they don't taste the same either. Here's what makes each type of meat stand out. By Matthew Lee Read More Kitchen Kitchen By Matthew Lee The Pantry Storage Mistake That Damages Canned Food Food cans, often made from aluminum, tin, or steel, may seem indestructible at a brief glance. But truth be told, they're not as invincible as they appear. By Matthew Lee Read More Cooking Cooking By Chloe O'Donnell The Rapid Hack To Slice Jalapeños And Avoid The Seeds If you've got a sharp knife and a cutting board ready, we're here to show you the quickest and easiest way to deseed a spicy pepper. By Chloe O'Donnell Read More Cooking Cooking By Whitney Hormaechea 13 Canned Ingredients That Will Upgrade Homemade Chicken Pot Pie Chicken pot pie is a classic, but these pantry staples will take your tried-and-true favorite to new places in terms of flavor, texture, and convenience. By Whitney Hormaechea Read More Shopping Shopping By Hilary Wheelan Remley What Company Makes Costco's Kirkland Brand Frozen Pizza? Kirkland brand frozen pizza is a Costco classic, but which company actually makes it? Here's what we know -- and don't know -- about where it comes from. By Hilary Wheelan Remley Read More Cooking Cooking By Hilary Wheelan Remley What Is Hotdish? Minnesota's Most Famous Food, Explained Hotdish is one of Minnesota's most well-known exports. Here's what to know about how it came to be, and which ingredient variations are well worth trying. By Hilary Wheelan Remley Read More Recipes Recipes By Julie Kinnaird Shrimp And Eggplant Stir-Fry Recipe In this shrimp and eggplant stir-fry, careful ingredient prep and quick, high-heat cooking leads to a perfect combination of rich, umami flavors. By Julie Kinnaird Read More Kitchen Kitchen By Chloe O'Donnell Ina Garten's Upside Down Method For Storing Good Knives Ina Garten's go-to method for storing kitchen knives will keep them sharper for longer. Here's why it's worth taking up the habit in your own kitchen. By Chloe O'Donnell Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee Your Canned Tomato Soup Will Taste Way Better With Leftover Greens While you can't ever go wrong with canned tomato soup, there's a way to elevate your experience. Try adding leftover greens to your next bowl. By Matthew Lee Read More Facts Facts By Ann Meyer The Rinsing Hack To Sort Out The Sweetest Blueberries In The Pack If you love blueberries, you'll know that accidentally eating a sour, underripe berry can almost ruin the experience. Luckily, this hack can help you avoid it. By Ann Meyer Read More Cooking Cooking By Tony Cooper Here's What You Should Serve With Lobster Tails When choosing sides and drinks for lobster tails, either play into lobster's luxurious, buttery-ness or use bright notes to contrast with its delicate flavors. By Tony Cooper Read More Facts Facts By Ann Meyer Why You Can't Just Substitute Yams With Sweet Potatoes Yams and sweet potatoes are often referred to interchangeably, but in terms of taste, texture, and preparation, there's no comparison. Here's the difference. By Ann Meyer Read More Facts Facts By Hannah LaFond 12 Myths About Cast Iron Skillets, Debunked When used correctly, cast iron is king in the kitchen, but there are plenty of misconceptions about this popular type of pan. We're here to set things straight. By Hannah LaFond Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee Use Sparkling Wine To Whip Up The Fluffiest Scrambled Eggs Got a few swigs left in the bottle that you don't want to see go to waste? Try mixing them into your breakfast scramble to aerate the mixture and add texture. By Matthew Lee Read More Cooking Cooking By Alicia Betz The Common Mistake That Prevents Grilled Cheese From Melting Nothing ruins a grilled cheese like burnt bread; or worse, unmelted cheese. But if you avoid this common mistake, you'll have a perfect sandwich every time. By Alicia Betz Read More Cooking Cooking By Emmy Schneider-Green A Little Vanilla Will Amplify The Spice In Tomato Sauce This unexpected ingredient can take your tried-and-true tomato sauce to a new level. If you're looking to amplify your pasta sauce, try adding vanilla extract. By Emmy Schneider-Green Read More Shopping Shopping By Matthew Lee What Does The Certified Humane Label Mean For Eggs? Chickens who lay Certified Humane eggs are cared for differently than chickens on other farms. Here's what the label really means, and why it stands out. By Matthew Lee Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Ann Meyer How Anthony Bourdain Found The Actual Best Places To Eat Abroad Anthony Bourdain had a few go-to tricks for seeking out the best eats around the world. If you're looking for real deal restaurants, here's how to find them. By Ann Meyer Read More Kitchen Kitchen By Alicia Betz The Best Spot In Your Fridge To Store Raw Chicken Food safety is especially important when it comes to chicken. Here's the safest place in your fridge to store raw chicken and to help prevent potential illness. By Alicia Betz Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee The Butter Substitute To Crisp Up Your Cookies Butter isn't the only fat in town. There are plenty of other ingredients you can use to whip up a batch of cookies -- and some make them taste even better. By Matthew Lee Read More Cooking Cooking By Sarah Nowicki Nicholson 12 Tips You Need When Cooking Ham Ham is a hit for any holiday or big occasion, but making it is no easy task. These tips will help you navigate terminology and perfect your home-cooked ham. By Sarah Nowicki Nicholson Read More Facts Facts By Emmy Schneider-Green 4 Nostalgic Treats That Have Been Totally Reinvented Craving an old-school snack? You're in luck, because most of your favorites have been reinvented. Here's why these four nostalgic treats are making a comeback. By Emmy Schneider-Green Read More Cooking Cooking By Matthew Lee The Melting Mistake That Ruins Nacho Cheese Cheese sauce seems straightforward enough to make, but there are important techniques to follow in order to guarantee the smoothest results every time. By Matthew Lee Read More Facts Facts By Henna Bakshi The Mistake Everyone Makes With Salmon Skin Salmon is a fan-favorite fish, but you may not be enjoying it at its fullest potential. There's one mistake that you should avoid when dealing with salmon skin. By Henna Bakshi Read More Facts Facts By Hannah LaFond False Facts People Believed About Food 50 Years Ago Our food knowledge is constantly evolving, and these old food "facts" from days past are living proof, from raw milk and egg yolks to microwaving leftovers. By Hannah LaFond Read More BackNext About Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® Chowhound.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media ExploreFoodieFood RepublicGlamGrungeHealth DigestHouse DigestIslandsLooperMashedMoney DigestNicki SwiftOutdoor GuideSlashFilmSlashGearSVGTasting TableThe Daily MealThe ListWomenWrestling Inc.