Amish America - Exploring Amish Culture and Communities Skip to content Site search Search Home Amish FAQ State Guide Amish A-Z Amish FurnitureExpand Amish Cabinets Business DirectoryExpand Amish Builders Amish Roofers Amish Sheds Amish Barns More About Toggle Menu Amish Life Man Arrested & Charged For Murder of Rebekah Byler & Her Unborn Child (Updated) ByErik Wesner March 2, 2024March 3, 2024 11 Comments ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ News is just coming out that police have made an arrest in the Rebekah Byler murder case. This comes five days after Rebekah’s body was discovered at home by her husband. From Yourerie.com: Spartansburg, Pa. (WJET/WFXP) — State police have announced the arrest of 52-year-old Shawn Cranston of Corry, PA in the killing of 23-year-old Rebekah Byler. Cranston is being charged with Criminal Homicide,… Read More Man Arrested & Charged For Murder of Rebekah Byler & Her Unborn Child (Updated)Continue Amish Life Count Your Blessings: Amish Family Escapes Home Fire Unscathed ByErik Wesner March 1, 2024 2 Comments After a heavy news week, I just wanted to leave you with a story which – while I’m not quite sure you can call it “good” news – it’s at the least a count-your-blessings type of story. There’s not a ton to this, but it’s been reported that an Amish family was able to escape a house fire in a community in upstate New York…. Read More Count Your Blessings: Amish Family Escapes Home Fire UnscathedContinue Amish Questions Ben Riehl Shares His Story & Answers Questions – Including A Tough One ByErik Wesner March 1, 2024 3 Comments In this video (at bottom), Ben Riehl shares some of his story with us. We talk about his job, past work, and family. Then he answers some more questions, including on telephones, pizza, and the difference between Amish in northern and southern Lancaster County. There are also a couple of brief cameo appearances, by Ben’s wife Mary and son Jay Lester. We end with Ben’s… Read More Ben Riehl Shares His Story & Answers Questions – Including A Tough OneContinue Amish Homes Inside A “Modern Country” Amish Home (14 Photos) ByErik Wesner February 29, 2024 8 Comments I’m calling this “modern country” because it is a more progressive Amish home – with a lot of the notes and decor you’ll see in non-Amish rural homes. This is the type of home that some people will take a glance at and say “that’s not Amish” – but in fact it is. In other words, quite different from the last Amish home we looked… Read More Inside A “Modern Country” Amish Home (14 Photos)Continue Amish Life Pregnant 23-Year-Old Amish Woman Found Dead At Home – Police Investigating As Murder (Updated) ByErik Wesner February 27, 2024February 29, 2024 10 Comments Hate to have to share this awful news, but a shocking story has emerged in northwest Pennsylvania. A 23-year-old Amish woman named Rebekah Byler was found dead at home yesterday, in what police are presuming is a homicide. ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ From fox8.com: CRAWFORD COUNTY, Penn. (WJET) – A murder investigation is underway at an Amish home in Crawford County, and Monday night state police asked for… Read More Pregnant 23-Year-Old Amish Woman Found Dead At Home – Police Investigating As Murder (Updated)Continue Amish Life Amish Woman Marlene Lehman Shares Her Typical Day (Video) ByErik Wesner February 23, 2024February 23, 2024 11 Comments I recently sat down for an hour-long conversation with Marlene Lehman, who is a member of an Old Order Amish church in the Shipshewana, Indiana area. I really enjoyed speaking with Marlene as we talked about life in northern Indiana, how things have changed, tourist visitors, things she misses about the farming life, and what Marlene does to help run Plain & Simple magazine, along… Read More Amish Woman Marlene Lehman Shares Her Typical Day (Video)Continue Buggy Accidents Another Driver Who Shouldn’t Be Driving Hits Amish Children – On Same Minnesota Road ByErik Wesner February 23, 2024 2 Comments Remember the two Amish children who were killed by one of the twin sisters in Minnesota? It turns out here was another car-buggy crash – this one a hit-and-run – on the exact same road (Fillmore County Road 1). Like the identity-swapping Petersen sisters, the driver here has an extensive record, and simply shouldn’t be behind the wheel of any vehicle. Here’s what happened via… Read More Another Driver Who Shouldn’t Be Driving Hits Amish Children – On Same Minnesota RoadContinue Amish Life The “Amish” of Greece? ByErik Wesner February 21, 2024February 21, 2024 3 Comments A rather bizarre story has been making the rounds, from all the way over in Greece. A family has been discovered living in very basic conditions, and subsequently compared to the Amish in the media. But is that a good comparison? From Greek Reporter: Police recently arrested the father of a family living an “early Christian” community lifestyle in a basic hut on the Peloponnese… Read More The “Amish” of Greece?Continue Buggy Accidents Amish Buggy Crash (With Weird A.I. Illustration?) ByErik Wesner February 19, 2024February 19, 2024 22 Comments I know AI content is showing up everywhere now. I’ve seen it used for some Amish-related content already. But this is the first time I’ve seen artificial intelligence illustrating an Amish buggy crash. ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ First, the more serious part of this story, the actual crash (via KTTN). Sadly, it is another bad-sounding buggy accident, this one in Missouri: The collision happened when the Ford Escape… Read More Amish Buggy Crash (With Weird A.I. Illustration?)Continue Amish Culture “Amish babies take a little longer” – Ben Answers Humorous Questions on Amish Weddings & Finding Wives ByErik Wesner February 16, 2024February 20, 2024 7 Comments Here’s another video in my series with Ben (previous video – “Do Amish Believe They’re The Only True Christians?” here). In this one, he answers a question about Amish marriages. A viewer asked the following: You made a comment about Autumn being the wedding season for the Amish people. I’m not trying to be sarcastic or funny, but is it so they will have their… Read More “Amish babies take a little longer” – Ben Answers Humorous Questions on Amish Weddings & Finding WivesContinue Amish Business Mud Sales: 2024 Schedule (Lancaster County & More) ByErik Wesner February 15, 2024 6 Comments When are the mud sales in Lancaster County? (Jump to full 2024 Mud Sale Schedule) 2024 Mud Sale Guide (22 Sales) The Lancaster County mud sale schedule for 2024 is now available, with the first event happening just over a week from now (February 23 & 24 at Strasburg Fire Company). These Amish-heavy events draw members of the community and outside visitors in support of the… Read More Mud Sales: 2024 Schedule (Lancaster County & More)Continue Page navigation 1 2 3 … 291 Next PageNext Hi, I'm Erik. Since 2004, I've visited 70+ Amish communities in 17 states. I love spending time with Amish friends & sharing what I've learned with you here. Welcome! | About Erik You might like:Five Money-Saving Tips From The Amish (Food & More)by Erik WesneronApril 11, 2023 9What Is Pon Hoss?by Erik WesneronFebruary 11, 2020 31Remarkable Video: INSIDE an Amish Building Moveby Erik WesneronOctober 14, 2022 7Amish Women’s Clothing – What Differences Do You Notice? (16 Photos)by Erik WesneronSeptember 25, 2019 30Six Reasons Why People Fail To Join The Amishby Erik WesneronJanuary 11, 2023 22New here? Question about Amish people? Try the FAQ. Searching for a community? Check out the State Guide. Looking for an Amish store? Search by state in the Business Directory. Or, if you prefer watching videos, the Amish America YouTube channel has over 140 of them. Get the Amish in your inbox Subscribe for email updates Subscribe Join 15,000+ email subscribers. No spam. 100% free. Unsubscribe at any time View 30 Most Recent CommentsCategories Amish Beliefs (204) Amish Books and Media (177) Amish Business (262) Amish Communities (364) Amish Controversies (338) Amish Culture (608) Amish Facts (53) Amish Food (75) Amish History (82) Amish Homes (105) Amish Life (510) Amish Questions (1) Amish Shops (35) Amish Woodworking (22) Buggy Accidents (93) COVID-19 & Coronavirus (39) Lancaster County (21) Mennonite & Anabaptist (79) YouTube Facebook Twitter Pinterest Search Amish America Search Amish America Privacy Policy | Contact | Sitemap | Amish Videos Exploring Amish Culture and Communities | © 2024 Amish America Get free Amish blog updates. Join 15,000+ email subscribersSign upScroll to top Scroll to top Site search Search Home Amish FAQ State Guide Amish A-Z Amish FurnitureExpand child menuExpand Amish Cabinets Business DirectoryExpand child menuExpand Amish Builders Amish Roofers Amish Sheds Amish Barns More About Toggle Menu Close Search for: Search