EVG - Free URL Shortener & Custom Free Link Home Solutions Resources Developer API Guide on how to use our API Help Check out our frequently asked questions Solutions QR Codes Customizable & trackable QR codes Bio Pages Convert your social media followers Email verification code api Login Get Started Login Get Started Free Short Links, Big Results A URL shortener built with powerful tools, with 275 countries around the world, 11,000 CDN acceleration nodes, to help you quickly grow and protect your brand. Copy Shorten Advanced Custom Password Protection Your link has been successfully shortened. Want to more customization options? Get started The EVG global network Our vast global network, which is one of the fastest on the planet, is trusted by millions of web properties. With direct connections to nearly every service provider and cloud provider, the EVG network can reach 95% of the world’s population within approximately 50 ms. 275 Cities in 100+ countries, including mainland China 11,000 Networks directly connect to EVG, including every major ISP, cloud provider, and enterprise 155 Tbps Global network edge capacity, consisting of transit connections, peering and private network interconnects ~50 ms From 95% of the world’s Internet-connected population One short link, infinite possibilities. A short link is a powerful marketing tool when you use it carefully. It is not just a link but a medium between your customer and their destination. A short link allows you to collect so much data about your customers and their behaviors. Smart Targeting Target your customers to increase your reach and redirect them to a relevant page. Add a pixel to retarget them in your social media ad campaign to capture them. In-Depth Analytics Share your links to your network and measure data to optimize your marketing campaign's performance. Reach an audience that fits your needs. Digital Experience Use various powerful tools increase conversion and provide a non-intrusive experience to your customers without disengaging them. Perfect for sales & marketing Understanding your users and customers will help you increase your conversion. Our system allows you to track everything. Whether it is the amount of clicks, the country or the referrer, the data is there for you to analyze it. Redirection Tools Powerful Statistics Beautiful Profiles Powerful tools that work Our product lets your target your users to better understand their behavior and provide them a better overall experience through smart re-targeting. We provide you many powerful tools to reach them better. Link Management Privacy Control Powerful Dashboard QR Codes Easy to use, dynamic and customizable QR codes for your marketing campaigns. Analyze statistics and optimize your marketing strategy and increase engagement. Get Started Someone visited your link New York, United States 2 minutes ago Someone visited your link Paris, France 5 minutes ago Someone visited your link London, United Kingdom 8 minutes ago Optimize your marketing strategy Understanding your users and customers will help you increase your conversion. Our system allows you to track everything. Whether it is the amount of clicks, the country or the referrer, the data is there for you to analyze it. Get Started More features than asked for Custom Landing Page Create a custom landing page to promote your product or service on forefront and engage the user in your marketing campaign. CTA Overlays Use our overlay tool to display unobtrusive notifications, polls or even a contact on the target website. Great for campaigns. Event Tracking Add your custom pixel from providers such as Facebook and track events right when they are happening. Team Management Invite your team members and assign them specific privileges to manage links, bundles, pages and other features. Branded Domain Names Easily add your own domain name for short your links and take control of your brand name and your users' trust. Robust API Use our powerful API to build custom applications or extend your own application with our powerful tools. Integrations Connect with popular tools and boost your productivity. WordPress Slack Shortcuts Google Tag Manager Facebook Zapier Bing Twitter Snapchat Reddit Google Analytics LinkedIn Pinterest Quora TikTok Adroll Get Started Powering 9899420 + Links Serving 320970969 + Clicks Trusted by 991891 + Happy Customers Marketing with confidence. Start your marketing campaign now and reach your customers efficiently. Get Started EVG - Free Shortener has 11,000 CDN acceleration nodes in 275 countries around the world to speed up access. The API is feature-rich. Solutions QR Codes Bio Profiles Email verification code api Company Help Developer API Contact Us © 2024 EVG - Free URL Shortener & Custom Free Link. All Rights Reserved Terms and Conditions Report EN Español Türkçe Français ไทย Indonesia Português हिन्दी Deutsch 简体中文 اُردُو Русский 日本語 Tiếng Việt العربية 한국어 Italiano English