Vespucci Introduction Introduction Features 19.3.0 Release notes 19.2.0 Release notes 19.1.0 Release notes 19.0.0 Release notes 18.1.0 Release notes 18.0.0 Release notes 17.1.0 Release notes 17.0.0 Release notes 16.1.0 Release notes 16.0.0 Release notes 15.2.0 Release notes 15.1.0 Release notes 15.0.0 Release notes 14.1.0 Release notes 14.0.0 Release notes 13.1.0 Release notes 13.0.0 Release notes 12.1.0 Release notes 12.0.0 Release notes 11.2.0 Release notes 11.1.0 Release notes 11.0.0 Release notes 10.2.0 Release notes 10.1.0 Release notes 10.0.0 Release notes 0.9.9 Release notes 0.9.8 Release notes 0.9.7 Release notes 0.9.6 Release notes Previous release notes Editing Main map display Simple actions Creating new objects Node selected Way selected Relation selected New note selected Property editor Multiselect Conflict resolution Presets Aligning background imagery Keyboard and mouse GPS sources Tag based filter Preset based filter Opening hours Preferences Advanced preferences Custom imagery Voice commands Tutorials and Posts "network" Location Provider Support Custom imagery Generating MBTiles files with custom imagery Using name suggestions Reporting Vespucci issues Tag-only editing Vespucci presets Vespucci data styling Controlling Vespucci from other apps Object search Going completely offline with Vespucci Mapbox-GL Style Support Todo file format description Videos & Screenshots FAQ Privacy Search Welcome to Vespucci# Vespucci is the first OpenStreetMap editor for Android, continuously improved and developed since 2009. It supports the full OpenStreetMap data model including lots of less known quirks and can be used, if necessary, completely offline. Editing is supported by rich, extensible and searchable presets based on the JOSM system, compatible 3rd party presets can be downloaded directly to your device. Fast "on the go" surveying is easy with address prediction and name based point-of-interest creation. Vespucci has been tested and is known to work on a wide range of devices, from small phones, tablets to more exotic or unusual hardware, for example on an Amazon Fire TV Stick. Vespucci currently works on all Android versions since 4.1. It can be used in a Google-free environment. Obtaining Vespucci# From Google's Play and Amazon Release and beta APKs from our GitHub repository Source code and repository on GitHub Vespucci on Social Media# Follow us on Twitter or on Mastodon Vespucci on OpenHub Support Vespucci's Development# Besides the large amount of time spent on Vespucci and related projects, there are numerous direct costs, for example for server rental, development infrastructure and the like. You can support this with donations via On device help# The texts in the Introduction and Editing sections are available on device as context sensitive help. Roadmap# The Vespucci team doesn't have a formal road map, however you can see what we have considered working on and have completed for the next releasse here: milestones. Support and contact# If you have suggestions for enhancements or are experiencing a problem, please open an issue on GitHub. Please check known issues for the current release first. If you're interested in this project, you're welcome to help improving it. We need UI designers, translators, and of course Java programmers. Legal# OpenStreetMap and the magnifying glass logo are trademarks of the OpenStreetMap Foundation. The Vespucci app is not endorsed by or affiliated with the OpenStreetMap Foundation. Mapillary is a trademark of Mapillary AB, Sweden. The Vespucci app is not endorsed by or affiliated with Mapillary AB. Documentation built with MkDocs for Vespucci 19.3.0 Search ×Close From here you can search these documents. Enter your search terms below. Keyboard Shortcuts ×Close Keys Action ? Open this help n Next page p Previous page s Search