Flurry | Mobile App Analytics Platform for Android & iOS Skip to main content Flurry Mobile Analytics, including SDK and Analytics UI, will sunset on March 15, 2024. We're committed to assisting you during this transition. Thank you for being part of our journey. Main navigation Products Analytics Audience Events Funnels Segmentation User Journeys Push Crash Flurry App Solutions Acquisition Attribution Conversion Retention Blog Support Login Sign Up The World’s Most Adopted App Analytics We've powered the app economy since 2008, when we launched the world's first iOS and Android analytics solution. Since then, we’ve helped hundreds of thousands of companies build millions of apps for billions of consumers. Flurry's Custom Dashboards allow easy access to your apps' most important metrics and reports. See what's new. View Demo Created with Sketch.250K+ companies Created with Sketch.1 Million+ applications Created with Sketch.2 Billion+devices Unlock App Growth Flurry empowers product, development and growth experts to build better apps that users love. Use Flurry to supercharge app engagement, run a data-driven product iteration process and boost user acquisition efforts. Easily track installs, sessions, time spent, and more Understand your audience and how they use your app Run on-demand analysis with Explorer for funnels, cohorts and more View Demo See Now The Developer's Survival Guide to Apple's App Tracking Transparency What app developers need to know to prepare for the changes expected when Apple upsets the current monetization business models. See Now The Flurry Guide to CCPA Compliance Understand the impact and reach of the California Consumer Privacy Act, as well as how you can be compliant and keep the regulators off your back. See Now Why Crash Analytics Matters Tips to develop and maintain a strategic approach to minimize crashes and effectively respond to crashes, errors and exceptions in your mobile app. See Now The Ultimate Growth Hacking Guide for Mobile App Developers With this guide, you'll learn how to implement a data-driven product roadmap, boost user engagement, and improve new user acquisition. See Now The Developer's Guide to Getting the Most out of Push This guide will help you develop a winning push strategy that engages the right users, at the right time, with the right messaging. Professional Grade. Always Free. Flurry is the only professional-grade mobile app analytics platform that's completely free. We offer the most usable, must-have features to surface the insights that power app growth. Our massively-scaled back-end can handle apps of any size Export your data for further custom analysis or import into your own systems Flurry never holds your data hostage—you can take your data if you leave View Demo User Acquisition icon User Acquisition Identify the right users to build sustainable growth. Attribution icon Attribution Uncover the channels that drive new users. Conversion Tracking Icon Conversion Track the conversion funnel to identify steps to optimize. Engagement and Retention Icon Retention Analyze events that drive engagement to boost retention. Easy Integration. No Commitments. Our light-weight SDK takes less than 5 minutes to integrate for out-of-the-box metrics. Custom events lets you tailor tracking to your unique app. Use our product console or API data directly into your own systems. Since we’re free to use, there’s no contract and no commitment. AndroidKotlinObjective-CSwiftFlutter Flurry was a turning point in how we understand our user's experience. Flurry's analytics tools were perfect to answer any questions we had. Samuel CortezDeveloperHi Technologies We often make product decisions based on experiments and data analyses. Flurry allows us to measure and improve the app by providing fast and useful data and results. Angela TingDirector of Growth and MonetizationPicCollage Flurry’s Funnel Analysis really helped me understand how my users behave and identify specific parts of my apps to improve. In one particular app, Funnels helped me decrease the drop-out rate from 60% to 10%! ...It is all FREE. Can't beat that! Doncho PopkrastevCEOBrink Tech, LLC Flurry is a valuable day-to-day tool in our business and easy to use! We rely on Flurry to gain valuable insights into our app's users as well as to monetize various ad placements. Victoria StevensonHead of MonetizationGiftloop Working with Flurry has allowed us to perform regular sanity checks against our in-house data, quickly generate complex visual funnels for new features, and measure retention and session data using highly-reliable filtering to exclude suspicious usage. In particular, Flurry’s new explorer feature has made this even easier by removing the need for pre-computing segmented user groups. We can now do on-the-fly analysis without any computational delays whatsoever. Samuel BraffVP of Product DevelopmenttextPlus Flurry Analytics provides major insights about our games and helps us optimize our game design. The Reporting API and raw data export features allows us to feed data directly to our custom dashboards and make even more powerful decisions. It's one of the best analytics products for independent game developers like us. Ramiz ShaikhFounder & CEORendered Ideas One of Flurry’s most useful features is the approximate demographic information. Since we’re not collecting PII, having some estimation for age, gender and geo is very helpful. Also, we like Flurry’s ability to compare Retention day with each other. It’s been helpful when looking at Retention-boosting features to see where the most drastic drop-offs occur. In addition, Flurry service seems to be more stable and reliable than others. And it’s free! Alex TarrandHead of Product Management & Live OperationsMobilityWare Flurry is one of the most trusted and continuously evolving analytics platforms. It’s latest addition of Flurry Explorer and real-time data has helped us to boost game performance from day 1. Guarav AcharekarHead of AnalyticsGames2Win Products Analytics Events Segmentation Audience User Journeys Funnels Push Crash Flurry App Solutions Acquisition Attribution Conversion Retention Knowledge & Help Blog Documentation Flurry on GitHub Support Contact Us Company About Jobs Privacy Terms Flurry on LinkedIn Flurry on Twitter Flurry on Facebook Contact Us × SUBMIT SDK Snippets: Android × User Sessions Track Events Error Logging Close SDK Snippets: Kotlin × User Sessions Track Events Error Logging Close SDK Snippets: Objective-C × User Sessions Track Events Error Logging Close SDK Snippets: Swift × User Sessions Track Events Error Logging Close SDK Snippets: Flutter × User Sessions Track Events Error Logging Close Try the Flurry Live Data Demo! × See how Flurry helps you build better apps. Please verify you're human. Okay, let's go! By trying the demo, you confirm that you have read and agree to be bound by all Terms of Service and Yahoo Enterprise Account Privacy Policy. © Copyright 2024 Flurry. All Rights Reserved.