Home - National Geographic Society JOIN US JOIN THE SOCIETY Looking for? Careers, Support, Mapmaker, Education, Magazine, Newsroom, Donate Wildlife Conservation Starts With You Invest in our planet today and help inspire the next generation of conservationists. Donate Today Our MissionUsing the power of science, exploration, education, and storytelling to illuminate and protect the wonder of our world our approachInvesting in a diverse, global community of changemakers Bold Explorers We fund a global community of Explorers who investigate, test hypotheses, innovate, stretch their creativity, and push the boundaries of traditional thinking in ways that fundamentally change our world. Impactful Programs We support and cultivate a portfolio of diverse, Explorer-led programs within our five focus areas to drive impact and fulfill our mission of illuminating and protecting our world. Connection & Education We leverage our global expertise, platforms, and unparalleled convening power to inspire educators, youth, and future Explorers and help more people learn about, care for, and protect our world. Responsible Stewardship Our innovative business model allows us to invest every philanthropic dollar—100% of donations—directly to our Explorers and programs. Join us to support what matters most to you. Wildlife Intelligence Project Learn more about the project and the newly announced grantees. Learn More Our FocusMaximizing impactin five key areas Ocean Land Wildlife Histories & Cultures Human Ingenuity Revealing and protecting underwater worlds Our Explorers discover, understand, and conserve marine and coastal systems and inspire and empower local and global audiences to better understand and protect the ocean. LEARN MORE Preserving and protecting land environments Our Explorers explore, understand, and conserve terrestrial and freshwater systems and inspire and empower local and global audiences to better understand and protect our lands, lakes, and rivers. LEARN MORE Protecting and conserving wildlife Our Explorers inspire and empower local and global audiences to better understand and protect wildlife, including animals, plants and fungi. LEARN MORE Understanding our past and protecting our futureOur Explorers work to preserve cultural knowledge, better understand human histories, cultures, practices, diversity, and evolution—past and present, center communities, and inform and inspire global audiences with stories or lessons about humanity.LEARN MORE Supporting innovation Our Explorers are taking novel and inventive approaches to address critical challenges and produce insights that illuminate and protect the wonder of our world. LEARN MORE Watch how our Explorers are using connection, science, exploration, and storytelling to change the world. Join UsMake a difference The National Geographic Society is proud to support Explorers in the U.S. and around the world who are working everyday to better understand and protect our planet. When you support the National Geographic Society with a tax-deductible donation, 100 percent of your support will go to the important work of preserving and protecting the wonder of our world. Donate changing the worldYour impact begins today! 450 + Active Explorer-led projects in more than 140 countries $ 324 Average gift amount donated to the Society 100 % Amount of donations that go to fund mission-driven work and Explorer programs Support our Explorersand their research Your donation today will fund on-the-ground research and other mission programs that illuminate and protect our world through science, exploration, education, and storytelling. Protect marine lifeand ecosystems Give a gift today to help explore and protect our planet's threatened ocean ecosystems. Your donation will support Pristine Seas and our other ocean programs. Stories from the COVID-19 emergency fund Thanks to our generous donors, we were able to give emergency funding to storytellers around the world who are on the frontlines of COVID-19. Explore some of their projects. Our promiseSupporting future changemakers "There are so many challenges that girls and women in Afghanistan face, especially in rural areas, every day. I am not just interested in setting up a school for girls. I’m interested in the lifelong impact that this kind of education can have in not just one girl’s life, but also in that of her family and the generations that come after her." Shabana Basij-Rasikh2023 Rolex National Geographic Explorer of the Year andCo-founder of School of Leadership, Afghanistan (SOLA) Stories of Impact Meet Our Explorers Meet Our Explorers Our community of Explorers is working to inspire, educate, preserve, and protect the wonder of our world. Read More GRANTS AND INVESTMENTS Our Funding Strategy Our Funding Strategy We invest in individuals working on projects in science, conservation, storytelling, education, and technology that align with one or more of our focus areas. Learn More Our commitment to deiCultivating an environment of opportunity, mutual respect,and belonging Learning from our past, examining our present, and building a more inclusive future. We believe we can only achieve our mission to illuminate and protect the wonder of our world when people of every race, identity, experience, and ability have a role in our work. Although we have much more work to do, the Society has made strides to achieve and maintain equity. Learn more our insightsLatest perspectives, news, and stories National Geographic Society Launches the Wildlife Intelligence Project New study by National Geographic Explorers provides first-ever comprehensive assessment of ecosystem services of Brazil’s coastal mangrove forests Local and International Scientists Embark on Ambitious Study of Palau’s Underwater Ecosystem Read more stories Photo Credits (from top of page): Jason Gulley, Beverly Joubert, Sam Kittner, Joshua Irwandi, Chris Mbanza Schwagga, Manu San Felix, David Gill Below: Michael Nichols, Andy Mann, Paul Nicklen, Ami Vitale, Christian Tryon, Kenneth Garrett, Mark Thiessen Get updates about our critical work to explore and protect our planet. National Geographic Societyis a 501 (C)(3) organization. National Geographic Headquarters 1145 17th Street NWWashington, DC 20036 Contact us Connect With Us Facebook-official Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin Careers | Newsroom | Sustainability | Ethics | Privacy Notice | Terms of Service © 1996 – 2024 National Geographic Society. All rights reserved. GIVE TODAY! The National Geographic Society is proud to invest in a global community of intrepid Explorers working to illuminate and protect the wonder of our world. Make a tax-deductible gift to support the Society today, and your support will help fund the next generation of changemakers. Give $35 Give $250 Give $100 Give $500 Give $35 Give $50 Give $100 Give $250 OTHER GIFT