James Clear Books Articles Newsletter Quotes Speaking Menu Close About Books Articles Newsletter Quotes Speaking About An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones Download Chapter 1 of Atomic Habits, my #1 New York Times bestselling book. Packed with self-improvement strategies, Atomic Habits will teach you how to make the small changes that will transform your habits and deliver remarkable results. Hi, I’m James Clear I’m the author of the #1 New York Times bestseller, Atomic Habits, which has sold more than 15 million copies worldwide. My work has been featured in places like Time magazine, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and on CBS This Morning. Click here to learn more about me and my work. In addition to writing, I am a regular speaker at Fortune 500 companies. Previous clients include Capital One, Cisco, General Electric, Honda, Intel, LinkedIn, Lululemon, McKinsey & Company, Merrill Lynch and many more. Click here to learn more and submit a speaking request. Read a popular article: Why Facts Don’t Change Our Minds Forget About Setting Goals. Focus on This Instead. The Ultimate Productivity Hack is Saying No Browse the latest newsletter: 3-2-1: How to be consistent, the value of beauty, and designing for relaxation 3-2-1: On luxury purchases, the meaning of life, and what procrastination reveals 3-2-1: The simple way to have a good day, why inspiration is unnecessary, playing small vs playing big 30 Days to Better Habits: A simple step-by-step guide for forming habits that stick. Take the guesswork out of habit-building. 11 email lessons walk you through the first 30 days of a habit step-by-step, so you know exactly what to do. Get the tools and strategies you need to take action. The course includes a 20-page PDF workbook (including templates and cheatsheets), plus new examples and applications that you can’t find in Atomic Habits. Learn a framework that works for any habit. You can use this course to build any good habit – from getting fit, to saving for an early retirement, to daily meditation. Enroll in the free email course and get your first lesson today You will get one short email every three days for a month. You can unsubscribe any time. Atomic Habits MasterClass Habit Journal Privacy & Terms of Use Hosting by LiquidWeb Forms by OptinMonster