Federal Trade Commission | Protecting America's Consumers Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Translation Menu Español Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Menu Main Menu Mega Show/hide Enforcement menu items Enforcement We enforce federal competition and consumer protection laws that prevent anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair business practices. View Enforcement Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Take action Report an antitrust violation File adjudicative documents Find banned debt collectors View competition guidance Competition Matters Blog Competition Matters New HSR thresholds and filing fees for 2024 February 5, 2024 View all Competition Matters Blog posts Show/hide Policy menu items Policy We work to advance government policies that protect consumers and promote competition. View Policy Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Take action Find policy statements Submit a public comment Feature Vision and Priorities Memo from Chair Lina M. Khan to commission staff and commissioners regarding the vision and priorities for the FTC. Learn more Technology Blog Technology Blog FTC Cracks Down on Mass Data Collectors: A Closer Look at Avast, X-Mode, and InMarket March 4, 2024 View all Technology Blog posts Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Advice and Guidance Learn more about your rights as a consumer and how to spot and avoid scams. Find the resources you need to understand how consumer protection law impacts your business. Take action Report fraud Report identity theft Register for Do Not Call Sign up for consumer alerts Get Business Blog updates Get your free credit report Find refund cases Order bulk publications Consumer Advice Shopping and Donating Credit, Loans, and Debt Jobs and Making Money Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts Identity Theft and Online Security Scams Business Guidance Advertising and Marketing Credit and Finance Privacy and Security By Industry For Small Businesses Browse Business Guidance Resources Business Blog Servicemembers: Your tool for financial readiness Visit militaryconsumer.gov Get consumer protection basics, plain and simple Visit consumer.gov Learn how the FTC protects free enterprise and consumers Visit Competition Counts Looking for competition guidance? Competition Guidance Show/hide News and Events menu items News and Events Latest News Press Release FTC Hosts March 5 Virtual Workshop on Private Equity in Health Care March 4, 2024 View News and Events Upcoming Event Mar05 FTC, Chicago Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection, and the BBB of Chicago webinar Tuesday, March 5, 2024 | 10:00AM View more Events Sections News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected Sign up for the latest news Follow us on social media Feature Playing it Safe: Explore the FTC's Top Video Game CasesLearn about the FTC's notable video game cases and what our agency is doing to keep the public safe. Latest Data Visualization FTC Refunds to Consumers Explore refund statistics including where refunds were sent and the dollar amounts refunded with this visualization. Show/hide About the FTC menu items About the FTC Our mission is protecting consumers and competition by preventing anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair business practices through law enforcement, advocacy, and education without unduly burdening legitimate business activity. Learn more about the FTC Sections Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Featured Meet the Chair Lina M. Khan was sworn in as Chair of the Federal Trade Commission on June 15, 2021. Chair Lina M. Khan Search Show/hide Search menu items Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. Translation Menu Español Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Enforcement Show/hide Enforcement menu items Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Show/hide Policy menu items Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Advice and Guidance Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events Show/hide News and Events menu items News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected About the FTC Show/hide About the FTC menu items Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. PrivacyCon 2024The FTC will host its annual PrivacyCon on March 6 from 9:00am - 5:00pm ET. This event, which will be livestreamed on our site, brings together stakeholders to discuss the latest research and trends related to consumer privacy and data security.View the event Take Action Report fraud Submit a public comment File an antitrust complaint Get your free credit report Report identity theft Register for Do Not Call The FTC will never demand money, make threats, tell you to transfer money, or promise you a prize. If you have been targeted by an illegal business practice or scam, report it. Report to the FTC National Consumer Protection Week is March 3 - 9 During National Consumer Protection Week (NCPW), consider organizing programs and doing outreach on consumer protection issues (such as avoiding scams, preventing identity theft, and reporting fraud) for people in your community. Virtual Workshop on Private Equity in Health Care On March 5 starting at 12:30pm ET, the FTC will host a workshop aimed at examining the role of private equity investment in health care markets. The event will be livestreamed on FTC.gov. How To Avoid Imposter Scams In 2023, Americans reported losing nearly $2.7 billion to "imposter scams," where the scammer pretends to be someone you trust to convince you to send them money. Learn ways to spot them. Sign up to get e-mail updates.Stay connected News and Updates Press Release FTC Hosts March 5 Virtual Workshop on Private Equity in Health Care March 4, 2024 All press releases Data Visualizations Use our visualizations to explore scam and fraud trends in your state based on reports from consumers like you. Explore data Consumer Alert Get back on track after the Texas wildfires Gema de las Heras March 4, 2024 Technology Blog FTC Cracks Down on Mass Data Collectors: A Closer Look at Avast, X-Mode, and InMarket March 4, 2024 Consumer Alert Celebrate National Consumer Protection Week. Talk about scams Samuel Levine March 4, 2024 Open Meetings Track enforcement and policy developments by viewing records from the Commission’s open meetings — agendas, transcripts, videos, reports, and public comments. Open Meetings archive Featured Video Using Payment Apps Return to top Menu Secondary Menu Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Main navigation Enforcement Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Advice and Guidance Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected About the FTC Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Footer Privacy Policy Policy and Notices Accessibility FOIA No FEAR Act Office of Inspector General USA.gov