The University of Manchester We're celebrating our 200th anniversary! Find out more about our bicentenary. Skip to navigation | Skip to main content | Skip to footer Home Study Undergraduate Undergraduate Courses Prospectus (undergraduate) Applying (undergraduate) Offer-holders Fees and funding (undergraduate) Widening participation programmes Study experience (undergraduate) Student support (undergraduate) Contact us (undergraduate) Taught master's Taught master's Courses Admissions (taught master's) Fees and funding for taught master's study Why should I study a master’s? Teaching and learning (taught master's) Meet us (taught master's) Student support (taught master's) Why Manchester? (taught master's) Contact us (taught master's) Postgraduate research Why Manchester? (postgraduate research) Research areas Postgraduate research Programmes People (postgraduate research) Admissions (postgraduate research) Fees for postgraduate research Funding for postgraduate research Contact us (postgraduate research) Postgraduate certificates and diplomas Online and blended learning Continuing professional development courses Student terms and conditions, policies and procedures Open days Undergraduate open days, visits and fairs Master's open days and study fairs Postgraduate research open days and study fairs Virtual Manchester Get ready for Manchester Making a payment The Manchester Experience Stellify – information for students Our reputation Student life Student support Accommodation Meet our students International Why study at Manchester? (for international students) Offer-holders Accommodation for international students English education system Prospectus (international students) International admissions Finance and scholarships for international students Arrival (international students) Study abroad and exchange Country-specific information Webinars (undergraduate) Exhibitions and visits in your country EU students considering Manchester Contact the international team Research Research beacons Advanced materials – research beacon Biotechnology – research beacon Cancer – research beacon Energy – research beacon Global inequalities – research beacon Research structure Research institutes Research platforms Research facilities Our Faculties Research strategy and achievements Research Explorer Researchers Publications Projects Research impact and innovation REF 2021 (research) Research impact showcase (research) SDG campaign (research) Research partnerships Postgraduate research Researcher development Research environment Research vacancies Collaborate Business engagement services Policy Give to Manchester Inspiring local communities Global influence Discover News The University of Manchester Magazine Events Key dates Bicentenary Maps and travel Manchester University institutions Open to the public History and heritage Social responsibility Environmental sustainability People Conference venues Facilities Structure of the University Vision and strategic plan Teaching and learning excellence Governance Privacy and information governance Connect Jobs Alumni Teachers and careers advisers Social media Contact us Search Search text Alternatively, use our A–Z index Close menu Home Study Research Collaborate Discover Connect The University of Manchester Health inequalities past, present and future Watch or listen to Professor Sir Chris Whitty’s Talk 200 launch lecture. Find out more Study Course and programme finder Choose your study level Undergraduate (2025 entry) Undergraduate (2024 entry) Taught master's Postgraduate research Programme keywords A-Z lists: Undergraduate courses (2025 entry) Undergraduate courses (2024 entry) Taught master's courses Postgraduate research areas Virtual open week From 22 to 26 April, visit us from wherever you are for sessions on student life, funding and finance at Manchester. Book now Popular links Universally Manchester Festival We're hosting a special, one-off festival to celebrate our 200th year. Top in Europe for sustainability Manchester is top in Europe and the UK, and third in the world, in the QS Sustainability Rankings. Israel-Palestine response We understand the conflict is of great concern to our University community. Find information on the support we can offer students and colleagues. Research Research beacons Pioneering research discoveries in advanced materials, biotechnology, cancer, energy and global inequalities. Impact We're delivering innovative solutions to the world's biggest challenges and transforming lives. Research Explorer Find out more about our researchers, publications and projects. News All news Blackpool FC chair gifts new bursary for care leavers A £1.5m gift from businessman and Manchester alumnus Simon Sadler has enabled the University to launch a new bursary for students leaving care. Urban ageing expert becomes Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences Professor of Sociology and Social Gerontology Tine Buffel has been recognised as a leading expert in her field by being named a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. Manchester named a UNESCO City of Lifelong Learning Manchester has been recognised for its outstanding efforts to make lifelong learning a reality for all, with the University acting as a key partner. University awarded United Nations Environment Programme accreditation Manchester has been awarded accreditation status by the UNEP – one of only twenty universities worldwide to have been given this accolade. £7.6 million granted for transformation of neo-gothic icon Manchester City Council has granted £7.6 million to transform the University's John Rylands Research Institute and Library. Jodrell Bank welcomes Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal The Princess Royal's visit marked the occasion of Jodrell Bank Observatory being awarded UNESCO World Heritage Status in 2019. Universally Manchester Festival The University of Manchester will host Universally Manchester, a four-day festival in June to celebrate its 200th anniversary. University lights up purple for 200-year anniversary celebration The University ‘painted the town purple’ on Wednesday, 17 January with a pathway of light illuminating Oxford Road, to mark the start of its bicentenary. Global influence Major strategic partnerships Discover our global collaborations with key partnerships in Melbourne, Toronto and Hong Kong. Global centres Our global centres offer a diverse portfolio of distance and blended learning programmes. International collaborations We collaborate with organisations and institutions worldwide in our research, innovation and teaching. Collaborate Services for business We know the value of working together. Our expertise can help you achieve your business objectives. Policy We engage policymakers, thinkers, researchers, the media and the public with our work, informing policy in the UK and around the world. Give to Manchester Your support helps our researchers and graduates to build a more progressive, responsible world. Discover Maps Come and visit us Events What's on at the University Heritage Explore our past Connect Jobs We offer every kind of role imaginable. From local talent to global experts, we want to hear from you. Alumni Enjoy the benefits of being a part of the largest global alumni community of any campus-based university in the UK. Teachers and careers advisers Our tailored support services and engaging activities for pupils of all ages will help make your job easier. Explore Manchester Jodrell Bank Our Jodrell Bank Observatory (a UNESCO World Heritage Site) is home to the giant Lovell Telescope. The John Rylands Research Institute and Library Our Grade I-listed, neo-Gothic library houses the University's Special Collections. Manchester Museum With dinosaur skeletons and mummies from Ancient Egypt, Manchester Museum's collection of more than 4 million objects spans millennia. The city of Manchester The Whitworth Our art gallery is home to more than 55,000 works of art, ranging from textiles to some of the most famous British watercolours. Awards and accreditations All awards Platinum Watermark This award recognises our excellence in delivering and supporting public engagement. Race Equality Charter We have a Race Equality Charter Silver Award through AdvanceHE for excellence in advancing racial equality in higher education. Living Wage Foundation We are proud to be accredited for our commitment to paying our people a real living wage. Athena Swan Charter We're committed to developing the careers of women in science, technology, engineering, mathematics and medicine. Stonewall Top 100 Employer We are proud to rank 30th in the charity's ranking of LGBTQ+ inclusion in the workplace. Disability Confident Leader This symbol recognises our commitment to the recruitment, retention and career development of disabled people. University of Sanctuary We're committed to creating a welcoming and safe place for refugees and asylum seekers. Quick links Select a quick link Select... Maps and travel University Gift Shop Conference venues The University of Manchester Library Key academic dates Faculties and Schools Interdisciplinary research Jodrell Bank Discovery Centre John Rylands Research Institute and Library Manchester Museum The Whitworth StaffNet My Manchester (for students) Your Manchester (for alumni) Information for investors Modern Slavery Act statement Criminal Finance Act statement Student terms and conditions A-Z index Maps and travel University Gift Shop Conference venues The University of Manchester Library Key academic dates Faculties and Schools Interdisciplinary research Jodrell Bank Discovery Centre John Rylands Research Institute and Library Manchester Museum The Whitworth StaffNet My Manchester (for students) Your Manchester (for alumni) Information for investors Modern Slavery Act statement Criminal Finance Act statement Student terms and conditions A-Z index Contact us +44 (0) 161 306 6000 Contact details Find us The University of ManchesterOxford RdManchesterM13 9PLUK Connect with us Social media directory Disclaimer Data Protection Copyright notice Web accessibility Freedom of information Charitable status Royal Charter Number: RC000797