IT news, careers, business technology, reviews | Computerworld Close Ad computerworld UNITED STATES United States Australia India Netherlands New Zealand United Kingdom More from the Foundry Network About Us | Contact | Republication Permissions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Copyright Notice | Terms of Service | European Privacy Settings | Member Preferences | Advertising | Foundry Careers | Ad Choices | E-commerce Links | California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info | Follow Us × Close Enterprise mobility 2024: Welcome, genAI The ROI in AI (and how to find it) Google calls Microsoft’s cloud practices in the EU anti-competitive Advertisement Latest News Meta services begin recovering from major disruption Anthropic gives its flagship generative AI models a facelift EC to grill Meta on Facebook ‘subscription for no ads’ plan Elon Musk sues OpenAI alleging breach of founding agreement Researchers, legal experts want AI firms to open up for safety checks More than 150 researchers, ethicists, legal experts and professors signed onto a letter asking generative AI companies to open up their technology to outside evaluations for safety reasons. Lucas Mearian | Meta services begin recovering from major disruption A widespread outage affected Meta and other top online services providers on Tuesday morning. Jon Gold | Apple Holic The MacBook Air — better for business? With Apple Silicon, we have to get used to Apple offering significant product upgrades for Macs; the M3 MacBook Air is just what most mobile employees need. Jonny Evans | Advertisement Windows 11 Insider Previews: What’s in the latest build? Get the latest info on new preview builds of Windows 11 as they roll out to Windows Insiders. Now updated for Build 22635.3276 for the Beta Channel, released on March 4, 2024. Preston Gralla | Q&A: GitHub COO on how genAI makes devs more efficient (and can automate the helpdesk) For more than two years, GitHub has been developing its own genAI platform that can not only write a majority of code for a developer, but also take on mundane IT help desk tasks. COO Kyle Daigle explains what's been going on. Lucas Mearian | Anthropic gives its flagship generative AI models a facelift The startup company says the latest update to Claude brings more speed, accuracy and an upcoming ‘lite’ version. Jon Gold | Apple Holic Spotify wants something for nothing, Apple claims after big EU fine The European Commission slapped Apple with a big $1.95 billion fine for anti-competitive conduct in the music streaming market. Apple will appeal. Jonny Evans | Heads on: Apple’s Vision Pro delivers a glimpse of the future Yes, the cutting-edge headset is a stunning entertainment device. But beyond that, it clearly shows promise for the business world as well. Michael deAgonia | EC to grill Meta on Facebook ‘subscription for no ads’ plan The European Commission's latest request for information comes three months after an earlier official inquiry under the Digital Services Act. Jon Gold | Return-to-office initiatives or stealth layoffs? Why not both? Dell has recently been accused of forcing people to quit by requiring them to return to the office unnecessarily. It’s far from the only company to use this tactic. Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols | Advertisement Apple Holic Apple warns of increased iPhone security risks Apple has told its European customers that new EU competition laws will make iPhones less safe. Jonny Evans | Microsoft unveils new AI tools for Windows 11 The latest skills allow Copilot to adjust PC settings, while generative AI features in Clipchamp and Photos enable improved editing. Matthew Finnegan | Google Workspace tips and tutorials Learn how to use and get the most from Google Docs, Sheets, Slides, Meet, Keep, Forms, Gmail, and other apps in Google’s Workspace productivity suite. Valerie Potter | Windows 11: A guide to the updates Here’s what you need to know about the latest updates to Windows 11 as they’re released from Microsoft. Now updated for KB5034848 Preview, released on Feb. 29, 2024. Preston Gralla | Windows 10: A guide to the updates Here's what you need to know about each update to the current version of Windows 10 as it's released from Microsoft. Now updated for KB5034843 Preview, released on Feb. 29, 2024. Preston Gralla | Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our free newsletters Subscribe From Our Advertisers Featured Sponsor Intel Competitive Advantage with a Modern Data Center that Delivers Boundless Agility Sponsored by Cisco Ensure security and collaboration thrive in the hybrid working era Sponsored by Aptos Aptos drives innovation at Bengaluru facility Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us About Us Contact Republication Permissions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Advertising Foundry Careers Ad Choices E-commerce Links California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Online InfoWorld Network World