University of Utah Health Skip to main content Main navigation Find a Doctor Locations Services Patients & Visitors Patient Services Patient Services Questions About Your Bill? Urgent Care Where to Stay Patient & Family Services Visitor Policy COVID & Vaccine Information Clinical Trials University of Utah Hospital Main navigation University of Utah Hospital Staying at the Hospital Parking & Valet Looking for Another Location? General Questions Main navigation 801-581-2668 Find an Interpreter About U of U Health Billing & Insurance My Chart Search Menu Close Service line menu Find a Doctor Services Locations Patients & Visitors Patient Services Questions About Your Bill? Urgent Care Where to Stay Patient & Family Services Clinical Services COVID & Vaccine Information University of Utah Hospital University of Utah Hospital Staying at the Hospital Parking & Valet Looking for Another Location? General Questions 801-581-2668 Find an Interpreter About U of U Health Billing & Insurance MyChart University of Utah Health Find a Doctor Find a Location Our Services My Health Records INFORMACIÓN EN ESPAÑOL MyChart MyChart is a secure, online health management tool that connects University of Utah Health Patients to portions of their personal medical record and University Health Plan members to their insurance information. Learn more about MyChart. COVID-19 Testing & Vaccine Information Nationwide Pharmacy Network Disruption Reproductive Health for U of U Health Patients Financial Assistance & Payment Plans U of U Health Activities & Events World-Class Health Care in Your Neighborhood Imagine getting the best health care that science has to offer. And while you are here, right down the hall, some of the world’s brightest minds are working tirelessly to make it even better. Why are we here? To make your health more accessible, more affordable, and more precise than ever before—even if you just need a physical. Find a Health Center Near You Explore Our Specialties Primary Care Staying well means caring for your health every day. Our primary care providers help you and your family set healthy habits, stay on top of routine screenings, and prevent and manage disease. They also treat most diseases except for very rare or unusual ones. Find More About Primary Care Services Women's Health Women's Health Services cares for women of all ages by providing OB/GYN checkups, preventive health screenings, midwife care, and more. Our specialties also include breast and reproductive health and treating gynecologic cancer. Find More About Women's Health Services Pediatrics We provide a long list of pediatric services, at University of Utah Health locations throughout the Mountain West and in collaboration with Primary Children's Hospital, to care for your child from infancy to adulthood. Find More About Pediatric Services Heart Health Centered at the Cardiovascular Center at University of Utah Hospital, our heart and vascular services include heart care, heart surgery, and treatment for all types of heart disease. Find More About Heart & Vascular Services View All Our Services Expert Health News & Information Navigating your health can be difficult. HealthFeed is here to help. As the official blog of University of Utah Health, we are here to offer you information on the latest in medicine, research, nutrition, exercise, and more. We not only will give you the facts, but help you understand them in today’s world where headlines are changing every day. Visit the U of U Health Healthfeed Blog The Latest Offerings From U of U Health HealthFeed Mar 01, 2024 Cómo acabar con los brotes de acné Despertarse con un grano puede arruinar su día. ¿Podría haber sido por la barra de chocolate que comió de postre? ¿O tal vez no se lavó usted la cara tan... Read More HealthFeed Mar 01, 2024 How to Banish Acne Breakouts Waking up to a pimple certainly puts a damper on the morning. Could it have been the chocolate bar you ate for dessert? Or maybe you didn't wash your face... Read More HealthFeed Mar 01, 2024 Baby Spacing: The Optimal Amount of Time Between Pregnancies Pregnancy spacing, or the amount of time in between giving birth and conception of your next child, is an important part of planning what your family will look like. Spacing... Read More HealthFeed Feb 27, 2024 Las 5 erupciones más comunes en los niños y qué hacer Cuando su hijo venga a verlo con un sarpullido, no se asuste... por ahora. Muchos sarpullidos infantiles son fáciles de tratar o tardan en desaparecer. Descubre las 5 erupciones más... Read More HealthFeed Feb 27, 2024 La verdad sobre las congelaciones: Protéjase y proteja a sus seres queridos este invierno Antes de lanzarse a la aventura invernal, tómese unos minutos para asegurarse de que está preparado. La prevención es clave para evitar la congelación, una enfermedad grave que puede provocar... Read More HealthFeed Feb 26, 2024 The Cold Hard Truth About Frostbite: Protect Yourself and Loved Ones This Winter Prevention is your best defense against frostbite, which can wreak havoc on your body and cause permanent damage—even amputation. With that in mind, stay in tune with your body and... Read More Visit More Stories from U of U Health Site Links About Us Academics & Research Billing Find an Interpreter Jobs Giving Maps & Directions Newsroom Referring Providers Helpful Links Pricing Transparency Patient Rights & Responsibilities Visitor Policy Disclaimer Privacy Statement DNV GL Public Information Policy Non-Discrimination Policy Surprise Billing Rights Webmaster 50 North Medical Drive Salt Lake City, Utah 84132 801-581-2121 Scheduling: 801-213-9500 En Español: 801-646-5914 Copyright © 2024 University of Utah Health