Home | American Banker Author Log In Subscribe Banking Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small business Earnings Bank Industry Data Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small business Earnings Bank Industry Data POLICY Politics & policy Regulation & compliance Federal Reserve CFPB Fraud Politics & policy Regulation & compliance Federal Reserve CFPB Fraud PAYMENTS Payments Home Cryptocurrency Digital payments Credit cards Payments Home Cryptocurrency Digital payments Credit cards TECH Technology Digital banking Fintech Cyber security Artificial intelligence Advances in Tech Technology Digital banking Fintech Cyber security Artificial intelligence Advances in Tech CREDIT UNIONS Credit Unions Home Opinion Credit Unions Home Opinion WORKPLACE Workforce management Recruiting Diversity & equality ESG Compensation Workforce management Recruiting Diversity & equality ESG Compensation OPINION Follow Us In Real Time twitter facebook linkedin © 2024 Arizent. All rights reserved. Menu Show Search Search Query Submit Search Log In Subscribe Banking Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small business Earnings Bank Industry Data POLICY Politics & policy Regulation & compliance Federal Reserve CFPB Fraud PAYMENTS Payments Home Cryptocurrency Digital payments Credit cards TECH Technology Digital banking Fintech Cyber security Artificial intelligence Advances in Tech CREDIT UNIONS Credit Unions Home Opinion WORKPLACE Workforce management Recruiting Diversity & equality ESG Compensation OPINION Women in Banking Leaders Forum Events Research Podcasts Webinars and Whitepapers Magazine Jobs Latest My Content Feed Latest My Content Feed U.S. bank M&A deals that were terminated in 2023 J.P. Morgan hires three ex-Citi employees as it moves to beef up munis Federal Home Loan banks' profits skyrocket from 2023 liquidity crisis NYCB's new risk team fails to calm investors, ratings firms SEE ALL OF THE LATEST Earnings American Banker TD chief vows to fix AML problem, but is short on details American Banker RBC is confident it can turn around City National, but not right away American Banker BMO beats Bank of the West cost-savings goal, yet quarterly profits fall Call for Nominations American Banker How to apply for the Best Banks to Work For 2024 American Banker How to apply for the Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance: Next 2024 American Banker How to apply for the Best Credit Unions to Work For 2024 BANKTHINK Brian C. Tate Decoding the CFPB's puzzling position on earned wage access programs Flora Coleman BNPL products are not credit cards. They require tailored regulations. Randall Kroszner The Basel endgame rule could undermine US financial stability PAYMENTS American Banker U.S. banks may struggle to adopt a key new global payments protocol American Banker Klarna's AI does the work of 700 people. What's that really mean? American Banker Samsung may add payments to smart ring, Amazon gets a license in India Regulatory American Banker Capital reform is coming, but not without a fight American Banker Regulatory deterrence, policy debate and litigation: crypto's future American Banker The dream of sweeping post-bank failure legislation has dimmed American Banker The CFPB has an ambitious agenda — but so does the Supreme Court RESEARCH Exclusive research Will the uncertainty continue for financial institutions? Sponsored by Brighterion American Banker Exclusive research With small clients comes great potential American Banker Exclusive research The positive business impact of genuine inclusion American Banker Exclusive research The key to finance innovation: Moving beyond tech to tech-driven culture American Banker Exclusive research Staying on top: Managing the complex factors that drive the consumer/bank relationship RESOURCES Other Online onboarding with 20 U.S banks: security vs usability Sponsor Content from iProov White Paper Real-time payments for SMBs and corporates Sponsor Content from Alacriti White Paper Unlocking real-time payments strategy and technology Sponsor Content from Alacriti White Paper Remittances as a source of resilience Sponsor Content from Brightwell Infographic The top 5 trends in commercial & business banking Sponsor Content from Alkami Commercial lending Troubles at NYCB highlight pain in rent-regulated real estate Long Island-based New York Community Bancorp has a large concentration in loans on New York City apartment buildings with rent restrictions. Property values in that sector have tanked amid higher interest rates, inflation and 2019 revisions to state law. By Catherine Leffert 11h ago 5 Min Read SHARE THIS STORY Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Politics and policy CFPB $8 credit card late fee rule comes amid White House fee crackdown The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will release a final rule Tuesday that is expected to save consumers $10 billion a year in credit card late fees. The rule is part of a larger effort by the White House to crack down on illegal fees and price hikes that President Biden will address in the State of the Union. By Kate Berry 3h ago Customer service The AI bringing zen to First Horizon's call centers A large language model detects signs of agent burnout and sends stressed-out employees calming videos created by Ariana Huffington's company Thrive Global. By Penny Crosman March 4 Regulation and compliance Puerto Rican bank seeks $150 million in damages in Fed lawsuit Banco San Juan Internacional is suing the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Board of Governors in Washington claiming they wrongfully terminated its access to the federal payments system. By Kyle Campbell March 4 Payments Zelle transactions reached $100 million an hour in fourth quarter The peer-to-peer network moved $219 billion in the final three months of 2023, with scams and fraud accounting for about 0.1% of all volume, according to Early Warning Services, which operates Zelle and is owned by a consortium of banks. By Kate Fitzgerald March 4 The Most Influential Women in Payments Payments Women in Payments The Most Influential Women in Payments, 2024 American Banker's Most Influential Women in Payments share their views on artificial intelligence, hybrid offices, real-time payments and more. By John Adams February 27 1 Min Read Artificial intelligence Payments 2024 Women in Payments How payments executives are leading the AI revolution Honorees from 2024's Most Influential Women in Payments, representing companies such as MoneyGram, Walmart, Segpay and more, share insights into how how artificial intelligence is changing their companies and their industry. By John Adams February 27 8 Min Read Disruptors in Payments Artificial intelligence Disruptors Payments Technology Citigroup Mastercard Visa 7 ways gen AI is disrupting financial services jobs Banks, payment companies, mortgage lenders and insurance providers are racing to seize an advantage from generative artificial intelligence. Some have been especially aggressive in deciding which workflows — or entire jobs — can be handed off to AI. By Daniel Wolfe December 22 1 Min Read Real-time payments Disruptors Payments How FedNow is a catalyst for credit union disruption The first credit unions enrolled in the Federal Reserve's FedNow instant payments platform say it will fundamentally change the way they serve consumers and businesses across multiple categories. By Ken McCarthy December 20 5 Min Read Payments Will banks win or lose in the new generation of digital wallets? Multifunction wallet apps will support shopping, loyalty, paying at the pump or EV charging station and crypto asset management, challenging the roles of U.S. financial institutions. By Kate Fitzgerald December 21 5 Min Read Artificial intelligence Payments Mastercard Visa Global Payments How generative AI is upending tech at big payment companies Visa, Mastercard and Global Payments discuss impacts on customer service, web content, security and more. By John Adams December 19 9 Min Read Best Banks to Work For 2023 Community banking Workforce management Consumer banking Best Banks to Work For Best Banks to Work For 2023 This year 90 banks made American Banker's 11th annual Best Banks to Work For ranking. The leaders of these institutions explain what it takes to be an employer of choice. By Jackie Stewart November 19 1 Min Read Community banking Workforce management Consumer banking Best Banks to Work For Best Banks to Work For 2023 with less than $3B of assets The smallest banks made up more than half of American Banker's Best Banks to Work For ranking this year. By Jackie Stewart November 28 1 Min Read Community banking Workforce management Consumer banking Best Banks to Work For Best Banks to Work For 2023 with $3B to $10B of assets Two dozen institutions fell into this midtier asset category for American Banker's Best Banks to Work For ranking this year. By Jackie Stewart November 28 1 Min Read Bank and credit union executives of the year 2023 Banker of the Year Commercial lending Commercial banking Banking Crisis 2023 Banker of the Year: PNC's Bill Demchak 2023 proved to be a rocky year for large regional banks. But under CEO Bill Demchak's guidance, the Pittsburgh-based company has navigated the turmoil better than many of its peers. By Polo Rocha November 16 10 Min Read Banker of the Year Community banking M&A Community Banker of the Year: OFG Bancorp's José Rafael Fernández OFG Bancorp's CEO José Rafael Fernández has weathered tough times during Puerto Rico's economic downturn. Now he is hopeful that his bank can seize on the better times ahead. By Kate Berry November 15 9 Min Read Natural disasters Credit unions Philanthropy Field of membership Credit Union Executive of the Year: Maui County FCU's Gary Fukuroku As CEO, Gary Fukuroku has helped turn the Hawaiian-based institution into one of the largest in the state and has raised significant funds to help those affected by this year's wildfires. By Frank Gargano November 15 8 Min Read State of Small Biz Banking 2023 SBA Small business lending Small business banking State of Small Biz Banking 2023 Top 20 SBA lenders for 2023 Small Business Administration lending is an arena where community banks and nonbanks compete favorably with some of the largest U.S. financial institutions. Here are the biggest SBA 7(a) lenders based on the value of approved loans. By Jackie Stewart November 13 1 Min Read Economic indicators Editorial Research Small business lending State of Small Biz Banking 2023 New census data hints at slower pace for small-business formation A key gauge of activity that tracks startups most likely to create jobs declined in October, potentially signaling the start of a slowdown after the rapid increase in interest rates. It presents a red flag for community banks and credit unions that are major lenders to small businesses. By John Reosti November 15 3 Min Read SBA Small business lending State of Small Biz Banking 2023 SBA 7(a) loans are getting smaller Since the end of the Small Business Administration's 2022 fiscal year, the average loan size in its flagship program has dropped more than six figures. The addition of three new nondepository lenders could further drive down this figure. By John Reosti November 13 4 Min Read Interest rates Commercial lending Credit quality Small business lending Small business banking State of Small Biz Banking 2023 Resilient small businesses bolster community banks' credit quality But high costs and any downturn in the economy could weigh on lenders and their commercial borrowers in coming months, economists caution. By Jim Dobbs November 12 4 Min Read Women in Credit Unions Credit unions Women in Credit Unions The Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions 2023 American Banker is proud to recognize the honorees for the second annual Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions. By Ken McCarthy November 14 1 Min Read Credit unions Women in Credit Unions How credit unions are still benefiting from the 2023 banking crisis Executives reflecting on the issues that doomed three banks say the closures stressed the importance of adapting quickly to change, and emphasized the advantages of the credit union business model. By Ken McCarthy November 14 4 Min Read The Most Powerful Women in Banking Most Powerful Women in Finance 2023 The Most Powerful Women in Banking 2023 Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Finance 2023 Our annual list of The Most Powerful Women in Finance. By Editorial Staff September 27 1 Min Read Most Powerful Women to Watch 2023 The Most Powerful Women in Banking 2023 Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women to Watch 2023 Our annual list of The Most Powerful Women to Watch. By Editorial Staff September 27 1 Min Read Most Powerful Women in Banking Top Teams 2023 The Most Powerful Women in Banking 2023 Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Banking: Top Teams Our annual list of The Most Powerful Women in Banking top teams. By Editorial Staff September 27 1 Min Read Branch Manager Spotlights Community banking Consumer banking Branch banking Branch spotlight 'Quintessential community bankers' make branches valuable assets Lisa Rickert and Ruth McCord, who manage branches for Nicolet National Bank, share a passion for connecting with their customers and supporting their communities. By Jackie Stewart September 28 6 Min Read Consumer banking Customer service Branch banking Branch spotlight From Caracas to Miami: One branch manager's banking journey Born in Venezuela, Lolita Peroza initially came to the U.S. to further her education and improve her English. Now 20 years into her banking career, she serves as a branch manager for Amerant Bank in Florida and is described by her boss as "always looking for additional opportunities to give back to the community." By Ken McCarthy September 26 4 Min Read Community banking Consumer banking Branch banking Branch spotlight For Julie Celozzi at Cogent Bank, a boutique experience is the goal The two branches Julie Celozzi oversees for the Orlando, Florida, bank amassed $400 million of deposits in three years. Such production is often a steppingstone to bigger things, but Celozzi — who began as a part-time teller in high school — says she is "hooked" on branch banking. By John Reosti September 27 4 Min Read Community banking Branch banking Branch spotlight Making the American dream happen for herself and her community Grace Law, a Hong Kong native, seized an opportunity to work in a Chase branch in New York City more than 30 years ago. Today, she seeks ways to ensure her community — immigrants who are frequently overlooked by banks — has access to financial services. By Sabrina Lee September 25 8 Min Read The Most Influential Women in Payments, Next Payments Women in Payments The Most Influential Women in Payments: Next, 2023 American Banker is proud to recognize, in its third annual Most Influential Women in Payments, Next, the women under 40 who have demonstrated expertise, leadership skills and an ability to adapt in an ever-changing payments industry. By Kate Fitzgerald July 26 1 Min Read Payments Women in Payments At Mastercard, a daughter of an immigrant helps startups find their path In her day-to-day job directing activities at the card network's Start Path accelerator, Sabrina Tharani helps nurture companies that are developing new payments products and services. By Kate Fitzgerald July 28 4 Min Read Payments Women in Payments How shutterbug Sophie Schulman brought her career at Visa into focus A rising payments star — and photographer — is helping the card network reach content creators and new entrepreneurs. By John Adams July 26 4 Min Read Best places to work in fintech Fintech Best Fintechs to Work For Best Places to Work in Fintech 2023 The 50 companies that made American Banker's annual list share insights into what makes their workplace culture enticing for potential new hires and current staff members. By Jackie Stewart June 5 1 Min Read Fintech Workplace culture Best Fintechs to Work For How 'healthy debate' at Thought Machine makes it top fintech workplace The core banking provider was No. 1 on American Banker's ranking of the Best Places to Work in Fintech this year. The company attributes this success to encouraging employees to hash out solutions to challenges. By Jackie Stewart June 6 5 Min Read Fintech Best Fintechs to Work For Culture of inclusion defines digital onboarding firm Alloy The company has changed the dynamics of its meetings, created diversity metrics and deployed software to make job descriptions gender-neutral. By Miriam Cross April 6 4 Min Read PODCASTS AB - podcast What banks need to know about the employee-owned business boom The number of businesses shifting to an employee ownership model has ballooned in recent years, and experts say that trend is likely to accelerate. That could have important implications for banks aiding that transition and for the future of small business lending. December 28 Payments A peek into the future of payments How the next generation of payments technology is being developed in fields such as public transit, sports and long-haul trucking. By Kate Fitzgerald November 30 Artificial intelligence 'Don't fall for the sales pitches': Advice on deploying AI Eric Siegel, author of the book The AI Playbook, explains what it takes to take traditional and advanced artificial intelligence projects from idea to execution. By Penny Crosman February 13 Fintech How challenger bank Upgrade grew during a dismal 2023 The neobank doubled its membership to five million consumers and hired 200 people last year. Founder and CEO Renaud Laplanche explains how it fared during a time when many fintechs struggled. By Penny Crosman January 30 More from American Banker Community banking Why this community bank used a search firm to find its next CEO Ryan Bailey's responsibilities include refreshing Cambridge Savings Bank's digital-only brand Ivy Bank. The institution believes his prior stint at USAA has prepared him for the challenge. By John Reosti March 1 Industry News FirstBank shakes up exec team, KeyCorp's new chief accounting officer The CEO of FirstBank in Colorado will retire at the end of the month, KeyCorp's chief accounting officer will depart, Fiserv pursues deal to buy Shift4 and more in the weekly banking news roundup. By Editorial Staff March 1 Regulation and compliance Metropolitan Commercial to exit the BaaS business entirely The community bank cites exposure to "heightened, and evolving, regulatory standards" in its decision to wind down banking-as-a-service operations. By Miriam Cross March 1 Wealth management With $10M payday, Wells rewards wealth management head Barry Sommers comes in for high praise amid his firm's attempts to move beyond the banking scandals of its past. By Dan Shaw March 1 Industry News Truist hires former Citi muni bankers to build 'national scope' Truist has made about 20 hires including bankers, traders, and sales personnel from Wells Fargo, Hilltop Securities and T. Rowe Price, to build up its muni team. By Amanda Albright, Bloomberg News March 1 See All Career Opportunities Opus CEO on the Power of AI in Redefining Payments and the Industry Outlook for 2024 Partner Insights from Opus Advances in Tech Deliver a great customer experience while staying ahead of fraud attacks Partner Insights from Alloy AI-powered Risk Intelligence for fraud, credit, and compliance Partner Insights from Inscribe Human guidance for digital CX with Glance Partner Insights from Glance Press Releases American Banker Arizent Announces Partnership With Jobbio's Amply Network Financial Institutions Falling Short in Use of Technology to Combat Fraud Partner Insights from Guidehouse WHY GAMBLING ADDICTION IS SUDDENLY A PROBLEM FOR BANKS Banks need to reckon with the explosive rise of legal online wagering and the addicts left in its wake Subscribe Follow Us In Real Time googlenews twitter applenews facebook linkedin Subscribe Newsletters My Membership My Content Feed The Magazine RSS Feed Banker's Glossary Events About Us Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services Resources Help Center Contact Us © 2024 Arizent. All rights reserved. © 2024 Arizent. All rights reserved.