Home - National Women's Law Center Tell the Senate: Confirm Judges Committed to Expanding Civil Rights Extremist judges will not stop endangering the lives of pregnant people or people who may become pregnant—overturning Roe v. Wade, attacking medication abortion, threatening the future of IVF, and now pregnancy accommodations. There are 56 federal judicial vacancies and 30 nominations before the Senate right now. Tell the Senate to commit to confirming all federal nominees who will defend the rights and well-being of pregnant and postpartum workers, people who can get pregnant, and all women! Site Branding Click to toggle navigation menu. Menu Abortion Child Care Equal Pay & the Wage Gap General Health Care & Coverage Income Supports Supreme Court Title IX All Topics Click to toggle dropdown menu. Child Care & Early Learning Child Care & Early Learning Access & Affordability Child Care & Early Learning Policy Implementation Child Care & Early Learning Workforce Education & Title IX Sexual Harassment in Schools School Discipline & Pushout Prevention Pregnant & Parenting Students Athletics Health Care & Reproductive Rights Abortion Birth Control General Health Care & Coverage Refusals of Care & Discrimination In the States Judges Judicial Nominations Supreme Court LGBTQ Equality Litigation Poverty & Income Security Taxes Income Supports Housing Data On Poverty & Income Workplace Justice Job Quality Equal Pay & the Wage Gap Sexual Harassment in the Workplace Pregnancy, Parenting & the Workplace How We Work About Click to toggle dropdown menu. Overview History NWLC's Founders Board of Directors Staff Jobs at NWLC Financials Contact Legal Help Click to toggle dropdown menu. Overview Legal Help for Sex Discrimination and Harassment Legal Help for Abortion Patients and Supporters Abortion Provider Legal Help Birth Control & Preventive Services Coverage News and Commentary Click to toggle dropdown menu. News Press Releases NWLC In The Press Take Action Click to toggle dropdown menu. Get Involved 2024 Gala Share Your Story Find Resources Donate Donate Become a Monthly Changemaker Ways to Give Partner with Us Support Our Gala Attend An Event Search button Search for: Email Signup How We Work About Click to toggle dropdown menu. Overview History NWLC's Founders Board of Directors Staff Jobs at NWLC Financials Contact Legal Help Click to toggle dropdown menu. Overview Legal Help for Sex Discrimination and Harassment Legal Help for Abortion Patients and Supporters Abortion Provider Legal Help Birth Control & Preventive Services Coverage News and Commentary Click to toggle dropdown menu. News Press Releases NWLC In The Press Take Action Click to toggle dropdown menu. Get Involved 2024 Gala Share Your Story Find Resources All Topics Child Care & Early Learning Click to toggle dropdown menu. Child Care & Early Learning Access & Affordability Child Care & Early Learning Policy Implementation Child Care & Early Learning Workforce Education & Title IX Click to toggle dropdown menu. Sexual Harassment in Schools School Discipline & Pushout Prevention Pregnant & Parenting Students Athletics In the States Health Care & Reproductive Rights Click to toggle dropdown menu. Abortion Birth Control General Health Care & Coverage Refusals of Care & Discrimination Judges Click to toggle dropdown menu. Judicial Nominations Supreme Court LGBTQ Equality Litigation Poverty & Income Security Click to toggle dropdown menu. Taxes Income Supports Housing Data on Poverty & Income Workplace Justice Click to toggle dropdown menu. Job Quality Equal Pay & the Wage Gap Sexual Harassment in the Workplace Pregnancy, Parenting & the Workplace Donate Donate Become a Monthly Changemaker Ways to Give Partner with Us Support Our Gala Attend An Event Search button Search for: subscribe button All Topics Reflections on Black History Month from Fatima Goss Graves Reflections on Black History Month from Fatima Goss Graves Listen and Subscribe to NWLC’s New Podcast Hearsay! Tax the Patriarchy Why Social Justice Champion Nicole Berner Belongs on the Federal Bench Read more news The Yeehaw Agenda Has Always Been Black The Yeehaw Agenda Has Always Been Black March 4, 2024 “Choosing to have joy is one of the most radical things I can do during times of depletion.” How Three NWLC Staffers Are Celebrating Black History Month “Choosing to have joy is one of the most radical things I can do during times of depletion.” How Three NWLC Staffers Are Celebrating Black History Month February 26, 2024 Pay Ranges in Job Announcements Could Be Coming to a State Near You Pay Ranges in Job Announcements Could Be Coming to a State Near You February 14, 2024 50 Years of NWLC! Learn More Donate Now JUSTICE FOR HER. JUSTICE FOR ALL. We are advocates, experts, and lawyers who fight for gender justice, taking on issues that are central to the lives of women and girls. We drive change in the courts, in public policy, and in our society, especially for women of color, LGBTQIA+ people, and low-income women and families. Trending Topics Child Care Assistance Athletics Abortion Equity in Education Judicial Nominations Taxes Federal Budget Equal Pay & the Wage Gap Fair Work Schedules More About Us WHAT'S GOING ON The National Women’s Law Center advances gender justice — working across issues that are central to the lives of women and girls. We use the law in all its forms to change culture and drive solutions toward gender equity. Tell the Senate: Pass the Expanded Child Tax Credit Tell the Senate: Pass the Expanded Child Tax Credit Take action now to help lift half a million children out of poverty by 2025. Take Action Tell Congress: Save Child Care Now! Tell Congress: Save Child Care Now! Tell your elected officials to prioritize and invest in child care as they debate emergency funding and annual spending bills. Take Action Tell the Senate: Confirm Judges Committed to Expanding Civil Rights Tell the Senate: Confirm Judges Committed to Expanding Civil Rights We need judges who will defend the rights and well-being of pregnant and postpartum workers, people who can get pregnant, and all women! Take Action Looking for Legal Help for Sex Discrimination or Harassment in the Workplace, at School, or When Receiving Health Care? Read More Looking for Legal Help Because You Sought an Abortion or Helped Someone Seek One? Learn More Press Room Contact Legal Help Jobs 1350 I Street NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20005 Phone: (202) 588 5180 Seeking Legal Help: (202) 319-3053 twitter facebook instagram tiktok Linkedin © 2024 National Women's Law Center Privacy Policy Disclaimer Abortion rights, women of color, and LGBTQIA+ people are under attack. Pledge to join us in fighting for gender justice. CLOSE