Structurae - International Database and Gallery of Structures 0 Login DE EN FR International Database and Gallery of Structures International Database and Gallery of Structures 0 Create Account Login Structures Search Parametric Search Amusement rides Bridges and Viaducts Buildings Dams Infrastructure projects Off-shore & Marine Structures Towers and Masts Tunnels, Caverns and Shafts Urban planning Events Structure Awards Historic and Listed Structures Companies Products & Services Persons Literature Search Author Index Peridodicals Shop Structurae Plus / Structurae Pro Merchandising eBooks Conference Proceedings Conference Papers Geography Newsletter Register for free DE EN FR Search PLUSPRO Parametric Search Amusement rides Bridges and Viaducts Buildings Dams Infrastructure projects Off-shore & Marine Structures Towers and Masts Tunnels, Caverns and Shafts Urban planning Events Structure Awards Historic and Listed Structures Search Author Index Peridodicals PLUSPRO Structurae PlusStructurae Pro Merchandising eBooks Conference Proceedings Conference Papers MENU Home Structures Companies Products & Services Persons Literature Shop Geography Newsletter Register for free The Largest Database for Civil and Structural Engineers Discover the diversity of civil, structural and bridge engineering – more than 81 000 structures with over 15 000 participating companies and their products as well as 11 000 engineers and architects, all of that illustrated with 372 000 images. The database also includes a literature index of more than 570 000 publications. REGISTER FOR FREE STRUCTURES Fred Hartman Bridge PRODUCTS & SERVICES New Major Bridge over the Elbec Advertisement COMPANIES Carl Stahl ARC Advertisement Structurae in Social Networks Follow us on Advertisement PRODUCTS & SERVICES Technical Update for the World-Famous Chain Bridge in Budapest STRUCTURES Humbold Forum STRUCTURES Bronx-Whitestone Bridge Advertisement COMPANIES mageba group PRODUCTS & SERVICES Hospital in Chile isolated with MSM®-SIP®-Bearings for the first time STRUCTURES Gerald Desmond Bridge Advertisement STRUCTURES ANZAC Bridge Advertisement PERSONS Jeanne Gang STRUCTURES Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research COMPANIES Anta Ingeniería Civil STRUCTURES Nicholas Chain Bridge PERSONS Filippo Brunelleschi STRUCTURES Forth Road Bridge STRUCTURES Flehe Bridge COMPANIES 3dtex PERSONS Daniel Libeskind STRUCTURES Opéra de Paris Load more ... Structurae – International Database and Gallery of Structures Since 1998 Structurae has been providing bridge, civil and structural engineers with information on the design and construction of construction projects from around the world including profiles on the companies and individuals involved as well as product descriptions. By now the site has grown into a unique information network and research tool for practising engineers and students majoring in civil and structural engineering but also for architects and other professionals in the construction industry. Database and Gallery of Structures and Large-Scale Projects With more than 81 000 projects listed from around the world Structurae has one of the largest project database specifically for works of bridge, civil and structural engineering. Aside from typical engineering structures like bridges and viaducts, dams, towers and masts, underground structures including tunnels as well as offshore and marine structures, the database also contains structurally important and complex buildings and works of architecture such as skyscrapers, stadiums, railway stations, etc. The collection of projects covers all kinds of materials used in construction like iron and steel, wood, membranes, glass or concrete with or without reinforcing or prestressing as well as stone and brick masonry structures. New materials like carbon fibres and composite materials consisting of several of the aforementioned are of course also included. The historical aspect is also considered as the database not only includes current projects but also structures and monuments built in the past as their maintenance and continued use is an important aspect of contemporary engineering. Wherever possible technical data is made available for each structure as well as information on companies and individuals involved in design or construction; print and on-line references are listed as references and sources for more detailed information. Listing of Companies and Engineering Offices in the Construction Sector Structurae is an ideal platform for companies in the construction sector from around the globe to present and market themselves and their products. Engineering consultancies, contractors, manufacturers of construction materials and products, developers of structural analysis or CAD software but also architecture practices and other design firms are listed. Thus Structurae is a unique communications platform for industry experts and leaders for the construction sector. Structurae also makes it possible for companies to display their reference projects and their exact manner of participation in them to other experts in the field. Products and Services for the Construction Sector Through the product and services listing available on Structurae, companies and consultants can describe in detail which products and service they they offer. Both purely technical product descriptions are available but also case studies explaining the succesful application of individual products on a specific project or type of structure that illustrate in a very practical manner how e.g. software, bearings or prestressing systems are applied. Biographies for Engineers, Builders and Architects Aside from the companies involved, Structurae also includes biographies of bridge, civil and structural engineers, master builders and architects who are presently active or were in the past. Important known and historic names such as Gustave Eiffel, Isambard Kingdom Brunel, Thomas Telford or Robert Maillart can be found but also lesser known individuals from around the world who contributed as engineers, designers, builders or architects to one of the projects. Geographic Guide to Civil/Structural Engineering The project database of Structurae currently contains structures on every continent of the world – including Antarctica – and which can also be found via geographic browsing. This geographic guide also includes the office locations of the listed companies and firms as well as where engineers, builders and architects were born or died. If the geographic coordinates are known, the structures are shown on interactive maps of the various cities and towns available in every country. Catalog and Repository of Expert Literature in Construction Structurae's literature catalog includes bibliographic data and abstracts to journal articles, books and other media from a wide number of publishers and many different languages. Wherever these offer additional information for structures, companies or persons that information is interlinked across the website. A select number of conference papers, articles and theses are available to My Structurae users as full-text PDF downloads. Our Services About Structurae Data submission Image Licensing Advertising on Structurae Imprint General Conditions of Use and Sale General Conditions for Subscriptions Privacy Policy Contact Acknowledgements Content Statistics 82754 Structures & Projects 11648 Persons 16013 Companies 1689 Products & Services 382271 Media 596354 Publications 662 Journals 67225 Links Follow us on Newsletter Subscribe Unsubscribe Subscriptions (Structurae Plus/Pro) Subscribe Cancel subscription Structurae Version 7.0 - © 1998-2023 Nicolas Janberg. All rights reserved. All data contained herein is subject to change and is provided without warranties. E-Mail Address Password Password lost? Log In No account yet? Register here for free! This content and additional features are fully available only with NOW AVAILABLE! SUBSCRIBE NOW! Login You have exceeded your monthly download limit! Structurae Plus subscribers can download 30 media files or data sets per month. Structurae Pro users are limited to 50. Required Data First Name Last Name E-Mail Address Password Repeat Password I accept the General Conditions of Use and Sale for Structurae. I accept the Data Privacy Policy. I want to receive updates about new functions and content by e-mail. REGISTER FOR FREE ACCOUNT Already registered? Login Do you really want to delete this item from your favorites? The item was successfuly added to the shopping cart. Could not add item to the shopping cart. Please try again. This item has already been added to the shopping cart and cannot be added again. Go to the checkout Keep browsing