The Hamilton Project Skip to Main Content Newsletter Signup News and Commentary Brookings Topics Economic Security & Inequality Education Effective Government Employment & Wages Energy & Climate Health Care Healthy Economy Housing & Infrastructure Recessions Social Insurance Tax Policy & Budget Technology & Innovation Publications Data Events About Mission and Vision Advisory Council Staff Careers Contact Us Search Publication All workers should be able to earn time off: The federal government should guarantee it Betsey Stevenson proposes "earned time off," which would make paid leave available to more workers and give them control over how to use it. Read More Publication Climate tax policy reform options in 2025 Event Meeting climate goals through tax reform Publication Converting brown offices to green apartments About The Hamilton Project Seeking to advance America’s promise of opportunity, prosperity, and growth. THP is an economic policy initiative at the Brookings Institution that produces and commissions policy proposals and analyses. Learn More About THP'S Mission And Values Publications The Hamilton Project commissions and produces publications that foster broad-based, sustainable economic growth. View All Publications Posts All workers should be able to earn time off: The federal government should guarantee it Papers Climate tax policy reform options in 2025 Posts The Hamilton Project: 2023 in figures Posts Which nontraditional students are also in the labor force? Events THP events feature policymakers, academic experts, and business leaders to address economic challenges. View All Events Explore Our Topics Economic Security & Inequality Education Effective Government Employment & Wages Energy & Climate Health Care Healthy Economy Housing & Infrastructure Recessions Social Insurance Tax Policy & Budget Technology & Innovation Explore Our Topics 01 / 12 Economic Security & Inequality Education Effective Government Employment & Wages Energy & Climate Health Care Healthy Economy Housing & Infrastructure Recessions Social Insurance Tax Policy & Budget Technology & Innovation Topic Economic Security & Inequality Shared prosperity requires strengthening economic security, reducing poverty, and addressing disparities among American households Explore Economic Security & Inequality Topic Education Increasing educational attainment for all is central to broad-based economic opportunity and competitiveness. Explore Education Topic Effective Government Sound policy, smart public investment, and effective governance can foster an economy that works for all. Explore Effective Government Topic Employment & Wages Policies to create quality jobs, enhance productivity, and foster broad-based economic growth are essential for raising the economic security of U.S. households. Explore Employment & Wages Topic Energy & Climate A sustainable economy requires policies that combat climate change, mitigate its effects, and promote research and new technologies. Explore Energy & Climate Topic Health Care Economic security requires delivering higher-quality health care more efficiently and with less financial risk for families. Explore Health Care Topic Healthy Economy The U.S. economy can be strengthened by policies that promote economic security, reduce poverty and inequality, and generate broad-based economic growth. Explore Healthy Economy Topic Housing & Infrastructure Prioritizing new investment in public projects while ensuring existing resources are used efficiently is essential for economic prosperity. Explore Housing & Infrastructure Topic Recessions Timely, well-targeted fiscal stimulus is essential for combating recessions and mitigating their worst effects on workers and families. Explore Recessions Topic Social Insurance Social insurance protects workers and families by providing income support, assistance in meeting basic needs, or services to improve economic opportunity. Explore Social Insurance Topic Tax Policy & Budget A progressive and efficient tax system promotes growth and encourages shared economic opportunity. Explore Tax Policy & Budget Topic Technology & Innovation Innovation and new technologies can generate economic growth, create jobs, expand economic opportunity, and drive our economy forward. Explore Technology & Innovation Data THP visualizes economic issues through figures and data interactives. View All Data Interactive Office-to-apartment conversion calculator Interactive Chronic Absence across the United States, 2017-18 School Year News and Commentary View All News & Commentary News “Working families face challenges” News “Cha-ching! Can you hear the economy growing?” News Charter schools continue to grow across the Tampa Bay area News Exclusive data: Thousands of schools at risk of closing due to enrollment loss Contact Us THP Newsletter Stay up to date with The Hamilton Project by signing up to receive the newsletter. First Name(Required) Last Name(Required) Email(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Copyright 2024 The Brookings Institution. Terms and Conditions. Build by Social Driver. TopicsExpand Navigation Economic Security & Inequality Education Effective Government Employment & Wages Energy & Climate Health Care Healthy Economy Housing & Infrastructure Recessions Social Insurance Tax Policy & Budget Technology & Innovation Publications Data Events AboutExpand Navigation Mission and Vision Advisory Council Staff Careers Contact Us Search Newsletter Signup News and Commentary Brookings Close Modal Close Modal