The Salvation Army USA Doing the Most Good® Donate Locally Donate Locally Give Now Go Donate Goods Go x Donate Goods Donate Clothing, Furniture & Household Items Give Now $500 $250 $100 $50 Other Donate What We Do Back What We Do Overview Holiday Giving Rent, Mortgage and Utility Assistance Food Pantries Homeless Shelters Disaster Relief Rehabilitation Spiritual Healing Job Training Solutions to Human Trafficking Veterans Services Services for the Aging Grassroots Services Help for Domestic Abuse Life Skills to Escape Poverty Summer Camps After-School Programs LGBTQ+ Support About Us Back About Us Overview Newsroom Employment Opportunities Commitment to Diversity Ways to Give Back Ways to Give Overview Donate Money Ways to Give Donate Goods Volunteer Vehicle Donation Become a Fundraiser Stocks, Miles, Partnerships & More... Love Beyond 2023 Annual Report What We Do Holiday Giving Rent, Mortgage and Utility Assistance Food Pantries Homeless Shelters Disaster Relief Rehabilitation Spiritual Healing Job Training Solutions to Human Trafficking Veterans Services Services for the Aging Grassroots Services Help for Domestic Abuse Life Skills to Escape Poverty Summer Camps After-School Programs LGBTQ+ Support About Us Newsroom Employment Opportunities Commitment to Diversity Ways to Give Donate Money Ways to Give Donate Goods Volunteer Vehicle Donation Become a Fundraiser Stocks, Miles, Partnerships & More... Love Beyond 2023 Annual Report Never Miss a Chance to Do the Most Good Please enter your name, email and zip code below to sign up! Please enter your first name Please enter your last name Please enter a valid email address Please enter a valid zip code Follow us on Facebook Love beyond sleepless nights $25 a month supports your neighbors in need Give Once Give Monthly Stories of Love Latest Stories | See More Stories The Salvation Army meets human need wherever, whenever, and however we can. Learn how you can help Holiday Giving Each year, millions of children don't have any Christmas gifts to unwrap because there's no money in the budget. Holiday Giving Rent and Utility Assistance The Salvation Army provided $3,870,131 in financial assistance in 2021. Rent and Utility Assistance Homeless Shelters More than half a million people experience homelessness in America every day. Homeless Shelters Food Pantries Every day, almost 50 million Americans face food insecurity. Food Pantries Rehabilitation Alcohol abuse kills 75,000 people in the United States every year. Rehabilitation Summer Camps The Salvation Army Gives Kids and Families a Chance at a Better Life Summer Camps Disaster Relief Over 90 million Americans become survivors of natural disasters every year. Disaster Relief LGBTQ+ Support Forty percent of homeless youth in the United States identifies as LGBTQ+ LGBTQ+ Support Help for Domestic Abuse Every hour in the U.S., 400 women become victims of domestic and psychological abuse. Help for Domestic Abuse Services for the Aging Each year, depression affects 7 million Americans over the age of 65. Services for the Aging Job Training Among homeless people, nearly 1 in 3 suffer from a mental health disorder. Job Training Veteran Services Veterans make up 8% of the homeless population in the U.S. Veteran Services Life Skills to Escape Poverty Fourteen percent of Americans live below the poverty line. Life Skills to Escape Poverty Spiritual Healing Eight out of 10 Americans believe spiritual faith assists in disease recovery. Spiritual Healing Grassroots Services Eighty-two cents of every dollar given to The Salvation Army goes to work in the community in which it was donated. Grassroots Services Responses to Human Trafficking There are 5.4 victims of human trafficking for every 1,000 people in the world (ILO). Responses to Human Trafficking How We Meet Local Needs Assess the Need FIRST, we assess the needs of each community in which we serve. We work to understand the obstacles, hardships, and challenges native to the area's particular population. Build the Programs NEXT, we build local programs designed to offer immediate relief, short-term care, and long-term growth in the areas that will best benefit the community. Invest in the Community THEN, we offer the local programs to the local community, working to continually optimize their efficacy via spiritual, physical, and emotional service. See What's Happening at Your Local Salvation Army The Salvation Army Mission Statement The Salvation Army, an international movement, is an evangelical part of the universal Christian Church. Its message is based on the Bible. Its ministry is motivated by the love of God. Its mission is to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ and to meet human needs in His name without discrimination. What We Do About Us Newsroom Employment Opportunities Corporate Partnerships Commitment to Diversity Ways to Give Contact Us World Service Office The Salvation Army USA 615 Slaters Lane, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 | 1-800-SAL-ARMY | Privacy Policy | © The Salvation Army National Headquarters