International Institute for Sustainable Development Skip to main content Menu About Mission and Goals Our Team Funders Impact Sustainable Development Employment Annual Reports Issues Strategic Priorities Work Areas Climate Resources Economies Articles Insights Deep Dives Explainers Policy Analysis Success Stories Publications Events Newsroom Press Media Coverage Newsletter Click to open the search form Search the site Search Cancel Search Donate Follow us Follow us: Links to social media channels Close Trending: Nature Gender Equality MC13 Inside MC13 Trade ministers and the wider trade community will convene in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE), for the biennial World Trade Organization (WTO)'s Thirteenth Ministerial Conference (MC13). Read more The International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD) is an award-winning independent think tank working to create a world where people and the planet thrive. About IISD What We Do Our research and policy work focuses on areas we deem ripe for transformation, where shifts in policy have the potential to change the game and where we have a proven record of making significant gains. Climate Address the causes of climate change and adapt to its impact. Resources Support the sustainable management of our natural resources. Economies Foster fair and sustainable economies. Flagship Initiatives IISD Experimental Lakes Area IISD Experimental Lakes Area (IISD-ELA) is an exceptional natural laboratory comprised of 58 small lakes and their watersheds set aside for scientific research. NAP Global Network The NAP Global Network works with partners in the world’s most vulnerable countries to develop and implement climate adaptation plans for a more secure future. Global Subsidies Initiative The IISD Global Subsidies Initiative (GSI) supports international processes, national governments, and civil society organizations to align subsidies with sustainable development. The Intergovernmental Forum on Mining, Minerals, Metals and Sustainable Development The IGF supports nations committed to leveraging mining for sustainable development to ensure negative impacts are limited and financial benefits are shared. SDG Knowledge Hub The SDG Knowledge Hub provides daily information on the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Earth Negotiations Bulletin Earth Negotiations Bulletin provides balanced, timely, and independent reporting on United Nations environment and development negotiations. Nature-Based Infrastructure Global Resource Centre The NBI Global Resource Centre aims to establish the business case for nature-based infrastructure, providing data, training, and customized project valuations. State of Sustainability Initiatives The State of Sustainability Initiatives examines how voluntary sustainability standards can support environmental and social goals. New Research IISD publishes objective, independent, high-quality research on sustainable development issues, including reports, policy briefs, and toolkits. Public Engagement on Climate Change Adaptation This report provides an introduction to public engagement on climate change adaptation for decision-makers involved in leading national adaptation plan (NAP) processes. Report October 3, 2023 India's Potential in the Midstream of Battery Production This report summarizes consultations with over 25 companies and actors to determine what factors are crucial in the considerations of companies on where to invest in and expand battery cell manufacturing. Report September 25, 2023 New Perspectives The Coral Gardeners of Saint Lucia: Local heroes against coral bleaching Coral gardeners in Saint Lucia are working together to save reefs from the devastating effects of climate change through a flagship project under the island's National Adaptation Plan (NAP). Insight August 22, 2023 Why the Cost of Carbon Capture and Storage Remains Persistently High New analysis explores if carbon capture and storage (CCS) is an economically viable solution for emissions reduction in Canada’s oil and gas sector. Deep Dive September 7, 2023 Advancing Biodiversity-Positive Nature-Based Climate Solutions From India to Ethiopia to Canada, exploring valuable examples of nature-based solutions’ potential while showcasing their versatility. Insight August 23, 2023 Read our latest articles Stay connected Be the first to hear what's new in sustainable development. Sign up for our bi-weekly updates to receive a curated selection of our latest reports, articles, projects, and upcoming events. Yes, please! Our Impact Fueling Change: The journey to end fossil fuel subsidies in Canada How Canada became the first country in the world to introduce a framework for ending government subsidies to domestic oil and gas companies. Success story October 13, 2023 A Global Deal to Tackle Harmful Fisheries Subsidies: A look behind the scenes In June 2022, World Trade Organization members reached a historic deal tackling harmful fisheries subsidies. We unpack how a global campaign by environmental non-governmental organizations and technical policy and legal advice from trade experts in Geneva helped make a difference. Success story December 6, 2022 Envisioning Resilience: Bringing underrepresented women's voices into planning for climate change adaptation Meaningful participation by women who are on the front lines of climate change is essential for gender-responsive, locally led adaptation. However, in many contexts, women remain underrepresented in decision making, from local to national levels. Success story October 28, 2022 More success stories Follow us: Footer menu Contact Employment Accessibility Ethics Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Podcast © 2024 International Institute for Sustainable Development.Designed and built by Soapbox. Sign up to IISD’s newsletter Sign up Sign up to IISD’s newsletter Sign up Looking for more? Sign up for our newsletter Sign up Read our Privacy policy . Sign up