Gretchen Louise Skip to content About Tutorials Tools Services Contact Endorsements WordPress Hosting Themes Plugins Wordsmithing Toggle Menu Are you overwhelmed by your WordPress website? Do you feel stuck in the technological learning curve? Are you frustrated by terminology you don’t understand? Are plugin updates and HTML blocks paralyzing your progress? I believe the tech side of your blog doesn’t have to keep you from writing. Your blog should not add more stress to your life. You don’t need to stay up late working on your blog unless you’re loving every minute of it. Read More Mentoring Digital Wordsmiths Step-by-Step TutorialsI simplify blogging tasks into easy to follow, step-by-step instructions.LEARN MORE Helpful EmailsI send emails with easy-to-implement strategies, as well as information about products I recommend.LEARN MORE Custom ServicesI offer a variety of custom WordPress services so that you can focus your time and energy on the things you do best.LEARN MORE You CAN stop tech issues before they start. Download this free PDF guide now. Get the FREE guide to the 10 minute tune up YOU can do yourself to keep your site running smoothly. I don’t have time to spam you. Your email address is safe with me. Read my privacy policy. “I was having trouble with the mobile version of my website: my maps and tables were not sizing properly on small screens. Gretchen fixed my problem in no time, saving me untold hours of trying to figure it out myself. She even sent me resources in case I encounter similar problems in the future. Gretchen was such a joy to work with. I highly recommend reaching out to her for any technical issues you encounter.” -Heather Gearan, Poker Pilgrims -Heather Gearan Raising Word Lovers I blog about more than just tech stuff. If you’re looking for new titles for your to-be-read list, look no further. Visit my Raising Word Lovers blog where I write about instilling a love of reading in our children. More for Lovers of Books & Words Our Favorite Books of 2023 The Restorationists: Art & Creativity in Christian YA Positively, Penelope: a supercalifragilisticexpialidocious romance! Looking for something? Search for: Search Let's ConnectFacebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin From my clients… I was truly blown away by Gretchen’s knowledge, communication skills, and efficiency. She was patient, kind, and full of grace–consistently cheerful, confident, and an absolute pleasure to work with. -Monica Swanson © 2024 Gretchen Louise · All Rights Reserved · Privacy Policy · Credits Disclosure: Powered by Affiliate Partners: Kadence · Agathon Group · NameCheap · WordPress · ConvertKit · WP Rocket · Social Rocket Close About Tutorials Tools Services Contact Endorsements WordPress Hosting Themes Plugins Wordsmithing Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Pinterest