Alcoa -- Home AA $26.91 (-0.56) Toggle navigation CompanyProductsSustainabilityCareersInvestorsNewsLocationsCompanyProductsSustainabilityCareersInvestorsNewsLocations Alcoa Turns Raw Potentialinto Real Progress Experience Alcoa Alcoa Worldview Enduring Aluminum Artwork Gets a Refresh in Colorado The iron has rusted and the paint faded, but the underlying aluminum artwork of “Kaleidoscreen,” an outdoor sculpture in Aspen, Colorado, endured. The artwork, commissioned by the former Alcoa Inc. in 1957, got a refurbishment recently that brought one of famed artist Herbert Bayer’s pieces back to life. Read More What’s in Your Wallet? Quite Possibly Aluminum The European Union takes the security of its paper currency seriously. Alcoa is providing aluminum strips as part of counterfeiting protections built into euro notes. Read More Paralympic gold medalist shares inspiring story with ABLE Alcoa's European ABLE chapter hosted a special guest at the Madrid office recently: Adiaratou “Adi” Iglesias, a gold medalist from the 2020 Summer Paralympics who has broken sprinting records in Spain. Read More View All Stories Alcoa announces agreement with Alumina Limited on terms and process to acquire Alumina Limited in all-stock transaction. Learn More About the Acquisition Here Latest Corporate Press Releases - English Only Sunday, February 25, 2024 5:04 pm EST Alcoa Announces Agreement With Alumina Limited on Terms and Process to Acquire Alumina Limited in All-Stock Transaction Read More Thursday, February 22, 2024 11:00 am EST Alcoa Corporation Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Read More Monday, February 19, 2024 8:30 am EST Alcoa’s President and Chief Executive Officer, William Oplinger to participate in BMO 2024 Global Metals, Mining & Critical Minerals Conference Read More View All Press Releases Reinventing the Aluminum Industry Inspired by our vision and guided by our values OUR COMPANY Redefining Sustainable Solutions Our vision is to reinvent the aluminum industry for a sustainable future. We’ll realize this vision through the talent of our people and the advancements in our processes and products. We have some of the best operators in the business with leading technologies and game-changing innovations – and the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of low-carbon products. Our Commitment We’re working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company looks like. Every day, you’ll find us striving to protect the safety and health of our global workforce and our environment. We actively engage with our stakeholders in the communities where we operate. LEARN MORE Our People From purposeful career development and inclusive and diverse work teams, Alcoa employees turn raw potential into real progress. Today, we continue to channel the determination that first launched an industry. We’re using that shared vision to reinvent, once again, the industry that we helped create. LEARN MORE Reinventing the Aluminum Industry Inspired by our vision and guided by our values OUR COMPANY Redefining Sustainable Solutions Our vision is to reinvent the aluminum industry for a sustainable future. We’ll realize this vision through the talent of our people and the advancements in our processes and products. We have some of the best operators in the business with leading technologies and game-changing innovations – and the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of low-carbon products. Our People From purposeful career development and inclusive and diverse work teams, Alcoa employees turn raw potential into real progress. Today, we continue to channel the determination that first launched an industry. We’re using that shared vision to reinvent, once again, the industry that we helped create. LEARN MORE Our Commitment We’re working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company looks like. Every day, you’ll find us striving to protect the safety and health of our global workforce and our environment. We actively engage with our stakeholders in the communities where we operate. LEARN MORE Our Products Light. Strong. Infinitely Recyclable. Versatile. Innovative. Sustainable. Sustainable Manufacturing We’re on a mission to build a better future, one where aluminum will play an even larger role in solving challenges in a carbon-constrained world. Our products and break-through technologies are what’s needed to address a variety of customer challenges, including helping lower the carbon footprint of end products by using responsibly produced aluminum. Sustana™ Alcoa has the industry’s most extensive portfolio of low-carbon products in our SustanaTM brand. With active operations across the full upstream aluminum industry, we take a comprehensive view from the mine to metal. VIEW PRODUCTS Elysis™ An Alcoa joint venture is ramping up a technology that eliminates all greenhouse gases (GHGs) from the traditional process used to make aluminum. The ELYSIS process generates pure oxygen, replacing all GHGs. LEARN MORE Our Core Materials Aluminum Our aluminum segment includes smelting, casting and select energy assets. More than 75 percent of our smelting portfolio runs on renewable energy. LEARN MORE Alumina We are the world's largest third-party producer of alumina. With installed refinery capacity of 17 million metric tons per year, we currently operate six refineries in Australia, Brazil and Spain, supplying the world with alumina for smelters and for non-metallurgical purposes. LEARN MORE Bauxite Alcoa has ownership in seven active bauxite mines globally and operates four of them, making us among the world’s largest bauxite producer. LEARN MORE VIEW ALL PRODUCTS Creating a Sustainable Future We’re changing the aluminum industry Our world needs more efficient, sustainable approaches, and Alcoa is uniquely positioned to deliver the solutions. We are consistently recognized with inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, and we have global certifications from the Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, the industry’s most comprehensive third-party system to validate responsible production practices. With an unrelenting focus on consistent improvement, we are working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company truly looks like. READ OUR SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Creating a Sustainable Future We’re changing the aluminum industry Our world needs more efficient, sustainable approaches, and Alcoa is uniquely positioned to deliver the solutions. We are consistently recognized with inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, and we have global certifications from the Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, the industry’s most comprehensive third-party system to validate responsible production practices. With an unrelenting focus on consistent improvement, we are working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company truly looks like. READ OUR SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Our Global Workforce We call ourselves 'Alcoans' LEARN MORE Our Culture At Alcoa, we know that when we tap the ingenuity inside each of us, we can unleash moments of brilliance that can change the world. That’s why we’re deliberate about creating a culture where everyone can do their best work and bring their authentic selves to work. Our Alcoa Values drive every decision we make. As an Alcoan, you’ll find a culture that’s inclusive and welcoming. Discover your element of possibility within our company. JOIN US Built to Succeed through Market Cycles Delivering essential products Our strategic priorities of Reduce Complexity, Drive Returns and Advance Sustainably have made Alcoa a strong company, allowing us to succeed throughout the commodity cycles and innovate for a sustainable future. Today, we are the right company at the right time. Aluminum is an essential element in powering a global, sustainable economy. We are ready for what’s ahead. We have best-in-class bauxite mining practices. Our global refining system has the lowest average carbon dioxide intensity on the planet. And we are creating game-changing innovations in aluminum smelting. And as a recognized leader in Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices, we actively work with industry partners, governments, associations, and communities to maximize our value. RESOURCES FOR INVESTORS Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Cookie Policy Alcoa Foundation Customers Suppliers Integrity Line Copyright ©2024 Alcoa Corporation