b2evolution blog/social CMS - A complete engine for your website! Toggle navigation Sign inSign up About Downloads Hosting Docs Support Sign inSign up The most integrated CMS ever b2evolution includes everything you need to build websites for sharing and interacting with your community. Download (Free) Getting started Homepages + Blogs + Forums + Galleries + Newsletter + Private Messaging Learn More b2evolution is a Content Management System (CMS) aimed at making it easy to build and maintain websites for sharing information and collaborating with your community. From a simple homepage to a blog, a photo gallery or a newsletter... all the way up to a full-featured community site with forums, members directory and private messaging, b2evolution includes everything you need in a single integrated package (which saves you time on setup and upgrades). b2evolution is Free Open-Source software that you can download and run on the web-hosting service of your choice. Why b2evolution is the smart choice for your website ... Free Open-Source b2evolution is Free Open-Source Software (FLOSS) licensed under the GPL v2 license and available on GitHub. Read more 100% Your Rules You own your website. You choose who gets access and what different groups of users can see. Read more Web Standards+ RWD b2evolution v6 fully leverages HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and the Bootstrap Responsive Web-Design framework. Industrial Strength b2evolution's team has been involved in web security and performance since 1997. Read more Low Maintenance b2evolution requires less 3rd party plugins than any other CMS. Say hello to 1-click upgrades! Read more #Social #RWD #Bootstrap #HTML5 #CSS3 #GPLv2 Home PageBlogMultiple BlogsPhoto AlbumsForumsManuals Please enable JavaScript to enable navigation. Your site powered by b2evolution www.yourdomain.com/ www.yourdomain.com/blog-b/ www.yourdomain.com/blog-a/ www.yourdomain.com/photos/ www.yourdomain.com/forums/ www.yourdomain.com/manual/ Start with a homepage Once b2evolution is installed on your own web server or web hosting account, you might want to introduce your website with a home page. Change the photo, the title, the intro text... and you've got your very own homepage. When you're done with the home page, you can start adding more sections (a.k.a. Collections) to your site. They will appear in the main navigation bar at the top... b2evolution runs your site on your own domain. It can also run on a subdomain, in a subfolder or on multiple domains. This optional site-wide header can be used as a top-level navigation menu for your site. Front Page Container You can configure which widgets appear here and in which order. Add a blog With 3 additional clicks your website gets a blog section. Write something. Hit "publish". It's live! You may also immediately start customizing your site design: Choose a different Skin: Example 1, 2, 3, Bootstrap Customize your skin with skin settings Add, remove and re-arrange skin widgets Optionally customize your CSS If you fancy, dig into the open-source PHP code You can configure the URLs for each of your collections. In this case we chose a sub-folder. Header Container Though this will typically display the Blog title, you can configure which widgets appear here and in which order. Menu Container You can configure which tabs appear here and in which order. Sidebar Container You can configure which widgets appear here and in which order. When you write an intro post, it always appears before regular posts. You can write a global intro but also specific intros for your categories or tags. Same Content, Different Skin Changing skins doesn't change the content. I just gives a different look to your site (or a section of your site). Same Widgets, Different Styles When changing skins, your widgets remain in the same order, but each skin may style them differently. Multiple blogs done right! Multiple blogs can be used as different sections of your website. You could also have loosely connected blogs by letting each member of your organization, community or family customize their own space to their own taste. b2evolution was designed for multiple blogs from day one and makes management really easy: All skins and all plugins are compatible with multiple blogs ; Each blog can run in a different subfolder, different subdomain or different domain ; You can easily move posts and comments from one blog to another ; You can cross-post into multiple blogs at once ! Configurable navigationEach of your blogs or collections may or may not appear in your main site navigation. You have total control. This blog has been configured to have a special Front Page with a global intro for the blog. Share your photos Photo Albums Organize your photos into Albums and show them off in a neutral design that lets your art shine! Albums open into contact sheets of thumbnails of customizable size. Each thumbnail can be viewed in full screen through a lightbox which allows zooming in to the highest available resolution of your photos. Slideshow mode & keyboard navigation included. Photo Blogs If you prefer a linear story with added text, we also have skins just for that! Albums View This page shows your albums. Clicking on an album will open the Thumbnails View. Thumbnails View This page shows thumbnails for all photos in an album. Clicking on a thumbnail will open the photo in a lightbox. Zooming in on details If the original image is of higher resolution than the viewer's screen, the mouse cursor will turn into a spyglass allowing the user to zoom in on any part of the image. Connect your community By adding forums – a.k.a. Bulletin Boards – to your website, your community can stay in touch with each other by sparking conversations on the topics they care about. b2evolution’s forums can be enabled on your site in 3 clicks. No plugin necessary. No integration issues. Feature highlights: File attachments in discussion threads User profiles & directory Private messaging between users Advanced multi-level moderation Efficient spam killing features b2evolution includes full community features, including customizable user profiles and private messaging. Publish with structure Manuals, books and documentation often require a structured hierarchy of chapters and sub-chapters, contrary to blogs, which are typically organized by date. Each manual can have its own assigned contributors. Each page can have its own attachments (images, videos, downloads) as well as a feedback/comment feed if needed. Manuals can be navigated hierarchically or searched in full-text. You can also easily create transverse hyperlinks from one page to another using easy Wiki-like markup. Tree-View Browsing The most distinctive feature of a Manual-type collection is that its contents are organized into Chapters and Sub-Chapters rather than a linear "by-date" ordering. If you already have a website ... Download b2evolution » It's 100% Free Open-Source. Then follow the easy installation guide and learn how to install b2evolution on your own website. Start adding content in a matter of minutes. If you're looking for beta/other versions, skins, plugins or language packs, please check out the Downloads section. The latest cutting-edge development version can also be found on GitHub. OR No website yet ? Start with good web hosting » We have pre-selected the best deals for you! The web hosting companies on our list allow you to register your domain name, set up your email and initialize your website. Most also offer 1-click installation of b2evolution on your site. Whether you need cheap hosting for a few blogs, VPS or Cloud hosting for a more advanced site or even a dedicated server for a large community site, we have put together all the info you need to get started with your website hosting. OR What's New ? Mar, 26 2022 Update (EOL) b2evolution CMS is no longer actively developed (Read more…). We only fix security issues when discovered on the 7.2.x-stable branch. We do not maintain older or newer (development) branches. We will not maintain forever… We strongly… Full story » Sep, 05 September 2020 update b2evolution v7.2 is considered very stable now and used by many users as well PRO clients. You can find b2evolution v7.x in the download area. We also made a quick video to show v7 (others should follow): Please note we will stop supporting b2evolution… Full story » Jan, 11 January 2020 update Happy New Year everyone! We had 8 releases of b2evolution 6.x last year but most of our work behind the scenes has been focused on b2evolution 7.x. To this day b2evolution 7.x-PRO is already used by several PRO clients but we have not released a stable… Full story » May, 04 Why we make b2evolution (vs. WordPress, Joomla and Drupal) Some time ago, I got asked why we are making b2evolution. I started writing a blog post about it, but didn't finish it at the time. Today seems like a good day to round it up ;) Short answer: we want a system that saves us time on website… Full story » Mar, 22 b2evolution 6.11-beta with webmentions support We just released b2evolution version 6.11.0-beta. Among other features, it supports webmentions, as previously promised here. Full story » About b2evolution What is it? Features Getting Started Screenshots Online demo Testimonials Design philosophy Free & open source Terms of service Downloads Latest releases Skins Plugins Language packs About us About us Contact Webhosting Guide Web hosting blog Best web hosting Cheap web hosting Green web hosting Hosting with SSH VPS hosting Dedicated servers Reseller hosting Int'l: UK / France Docs & Support Online manual Forums Hire a pro ! Other Adsense Press room Privacy policy Stay in touch GitHub Twitter Facebook LinkedIn News blog RSS feed Atom feed Founded & Maintained by François Planque