ICQ – stay connected We use cookies By continuing to browse, you consent to our use of cookies. You can read our Cookies Policy here It's ok Download Sign In Bot API Eng Eng Rus ICQ — stay connected Convert audio messages to text,use smart replies, stay onlineeven with bad internet connection Download for Mac Available for windows, linux and Web Download DMG Download for Windows Available for Mac and linux Download for Linux Available for Windows and Mac Get x64 Get x32 Download for iOS Download for Android For all platforms Download for Mac Available for windows, linux and Web Download DMG Download for Windows Available for Mac and linux Download for Linux Available for Windows and Mac Get x64 Get x32 Download for iOS Download for Android Desktop Smartphone Web version Smart. Fast. Everything you want it to be. Smart. Fast. Everything you want it to be. Audioto text Now you can convert audio messages to text Smartreplies Use a suggested reply or a sticker based on conversation theme Reply withjust one tap Messenger analyzes the text and suggests the quickest way to reply with text or a sticker Call up quicklyin voice or video Without long “dialing” and breaking calls Showcase of popularchannels and groups Reactions for messages,views counter Push to talkwhen there is notime for texting Send audio with one touch or walkie-talkie Switch overquickly Conversation history is synced across all devices Chat inhuge groups up to 25k members chat polls you can see who has read a message chat members do not see each other phone numbers public chat search is available you can make access by confirmation add members via qr code Send, deleteor edit messages Reply to multiple messages at once! Share your usernamewithout having to shareyour number However you like, let everyone know that you’re now in ICQ Send photosand videoswithout compression Even movies! In ICQ you can send original photos and videos. You can also decide whether to save it in your device or not Bots and API Use already made bots or create your own! API for developers Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Support © ICQ, 1998-2022