Vodafone – Our Best Ever Network | Now With 5G Skip to content All Vodafone retail stores are now closed to keep our staff and customers safe – find out how we are keeping the UK connected during this time Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra from £59 a month*​ Plus £40 upfront. Save £288 on Unlimited Max Airtime Plan. Ends 4 April. Price increases April 2025. Buy now Previous Next Find out how we are helping customers with the cost of living, including our range of social tariffs Quicklinks Pay monthly phones Home Broadband Upgrades SIM only deals Pay as you go Help and support You might like List of 3 promotional offers iPhone 15 Pro Max. Capture more than ever before. From £34 a month*. Plus £40 upfront. With eligible trade-in. Ends 14 March. Price increases April 2025. Buy now Samsung Galaxy S24 - From £28 a month* Plus £30 upfront. Save £468 on your device and airtime. That's £180 on device and £288 on 8GB Airtime Plan. Ends 4 April. Price increases April 2025. Buy now 200GB only £14 a month* Half price for the first six months. Then £28 a month*. Ends 4 April. Price increases April 2025. See SIM only deal Previous Next 0 1 2 Now trending Samsung Galaxy Apple iPhone Apple Watch Apple iPad Google Pixel Galaxy Tablets Previous Next 0 1 2 3 4 5 Making life easier Previous Next Reliable, award-winning network Keep connected to the things and people that matter Discover more Online assistance Our virtual chat assistant isavailable to help you 24/7 Chat now Next day delivery Order by 10pm weekdays for delivery the next working day Delivery options 14-day returns Hassle-free returns with no cancellation fee Returns info 0 1 2 3 More to love List of 3 promotional offers Save over £200 vs BT broadband Get full fibre, the UK's most reliable broadband technology without the price tag. Deal ends 14 March. Price increases April 2025. See broadband offers Refurbished phones - From £27 a month* Plus £10 upfront. Save up to £366 vs brand new and get the UK's only Lifetime Service Promise at no extra cost. Ends 14 March. Price increases April 2025. See refurbished phones Google Pixel 8 - From £33 a month* Half price airtime for the first six months. Then £48 a month*. Ends 7 March. Price increases April 2025. Buy Google Pixel 8 Previous Next 0 1 2 *From 2025, the monthly price and out of bundle charges will increase each April by the Consumer Price Index rate of inflation published in January of that year + 3.9%. This does not affect any Device Plans. Enjoy ODEON tickets for less Grab your popcorn because we've got an exciting new offer from VeryMe Rewards - two ODEON tickets for just £8. Terms apply. Find out more Previous Next Discover More Considering joining? Pay monthly phones SIM only deals Broadband deals Just joined us? Sign up for My Vodafone Download My Vodafone app Chat to virtual agent TOBi Already with us? Help with your device Broadband help Login to My Vodafone *Terms and conditions Saving claims verification: see details on the relevant product page. VAT: All pricing inclusive unless stated otherwise. For prices stated exclusive of VAT, the VAT rate payable is 20%. Gift with Purchase: See details on product page including any additional terms. *Annual Price Rise Pay Monthly Plans (excluding Home Broadband): From 2025, the monthly price and all out of bundle charges will increase each April by the Consumer Price Index rate published in January of that year + plus an additional 3.9%. If you have a Device Plan, this will not affect your monthly Device Plan payments: vodafone.co.uk/pricechanges Home Broadband: From 2025, the monthly price will increase each April by the Consumer Price Index rate of inflation published in January that year, plus an additional 3.9%. See vodafone.co.uk/pricechanges for details. Pay Monthly Minimum term agreement, eligibility, credit check and terms apply. Vodafone EVO Representative example for Device Plans: Example Phone / Watch Plan breakdown Total cost of device £1,000 Upfront cost £100 APR 0% Total credit amount £900 Length of contract 36 months Monthly Device Plan cost £25 Figures used in the above (other than the representative APR) are for illustrative purposes only. Device Plan: means devices purchased from Vodafone under a Consumer Credit Agreement such as phones (Phone Plan), smartwatches (Watch Plan), tablets (Tablet Plan) and laptops (Laptop Plan). Vodafone EVO: For Mobile: lets you select a monthly Device Plan Credit Agreement (3-36 months) with a monthly Airtime Plan. Phone Plans over 12 months require a 24-month Monthly Airtime Plan. You can pay off your Device Plan early, and if you do, you can then keep your Airtime Plan on a 30-day contract or leave. If your Airtime Plan ends for any reason, you will need to keep on paying your monthly Device Plan (either in full or monthly) For Smartwatches: lets you select a monthly Device Plan Credit Agreement (over 3-36 months) with a monthly Connectivity Plan. Watch Plans over 12 months require a 24 month Connectivity Plan. You can pay off your Device Plan early, and if you do, you can keep your Connectivity Plan on a 30-day contract or leave. If your Connectivity Plan ends, the Device Plan is still payable (either in full or monthly). Watch Plans require a Vodafone pay monthly airtime plan and a Connectivity Plan (via Vodafone OneNumber) For Laptops / Tablets: lets you select a monthly Device Plan Credit Agreement (3-48 months) with a 24 month Data Plan. You can pay off your Device Plan early, and if you do, you can then keep your Data Plan on a 30-day contract or leave. If your Data Plan ends for any reason, you will need to keep on paying your monthly Device Plan (either in full or monthly) Upgrade from month 3: means a) buying a new Device Plan (which is a credit agreement) and an Airtime/Data/Connectivity Plan (as applicable) and b) either (i) paying off the remaining amount on your current Device Plan prior to upgrading, or (ii) paying for your current Device Plan along with your new Device Plan. Subject to credit check, eligibility and terms. Trade-in Guarantee: Available when you trade-in an eligible device using our Trade-in Tool, and purchase a new Vodafone Pay Monthly Airtime Plan. Your Trade-in value is guaranteed for 7 days from the date of your Trade-in Quote. Device must be returned within 14 days of the start of your new Airtime Plan and meet our requirements. You can select to receive your Trade-in value via a monthly airtime saving, a credit to your Vodafone account, or a bank transfer. Please see our Trade-in Guarantee terms and conditions, which also details the eligibility criteria. Trade-in Bonus: Available when we're running a Trade-in Bonus promotion, where you could get an additional bonus on top of the trade-in value for the phone you're trading in, when you buy a new phone. Eligibility for the bonus and the bonus value may vary depending on which phone you're trading in and which new phone you're buying. Please see our Trade-in Bonus terms and conditions, for more information. Unlimited data: available on Unlimited Lite Plan (max download and upload speed of 2Mbps), Unlimited Plan (max download and upload speeds of 10Mbps) and Unlimited Max Plan. Speed may vary by a number of factors. 5G: You must have a 5G enabled device on the Vodafone 5G network, a Vodafone 5G plan and 5G coverage in the area that you are in. Coverage may be affected by a number of factors. Find out more about our 5G network Buy-Back Price Guarantee: Customers who bought an eligible phone from Vodafone and trade that phone in via our Trade-in Tool (in a good working condition), whilst upgrading to a new phone and Airtime Plan within the required timeframe, will be entitled to receive a guaranteed buy-back price. Buy-back price varies depending on model variant. Terms apply iPhone 14 - trade in between 1 September 2023 and 31 October 2023 Samsung Galaxy S23 - trade in between 10 January 2024 and 1 April 2024 iPhone 15 - trade in between 1 September 2024 and 31 October 2024 The UK's Best Phone Buy-Back Price Guarantee: 'UK's Best' because we: i) guarantee future buy-back price ii) offer flexible payment options iii) don't charge extra iv) offer flexibility to trade in and upgrade from month 3; and v) boost the trade-in value by £50 vs major competitors. Details and verification: vodafone.co.uk/buy-back Roaming Roaming: using your home data plan to roam in Zone A is included in all of our Pay Monthly plans. For roaming in other destinations, charges will apply depending on which plan you are on. Roaming Passes: For Pay Monthly customers without European roaming included in their plan, you can purchase an 8 or 15 day European roaming pass to use your monthly UK allowance of calls, texts and data in our Zone B destinations. The 8 day pass is £10 and the 15 day pass is £15. Out of bundle charges such as picture messages, premium calls or premium texts are not covered by this charge. These passes are subject to a 25GB roam fair use policy. Passes become active when you start roaming and only one pass can be used at a time. For more information and terms, visit our roaming page Information on roaming with Vodafone List of our inclusive roaming destinations Mobile Specific Small Print Lifetime Service Promise: means a) Lifetime warranty covering manufacturer's defects, provided you have an active pay monthly Airtime plan + b) Battery refresh replacing your phone's battery (for 2-3 years) if it fails one of the Battery refresh tool tests. On phones purchased directly from Vodafone. Lifetime Warranty: is an extended warranty covering manufacturer's defects (on phones purchased via Vodafone directly), provided you have an active pay monthly Airtime plan. Excludes damaged and tampered phones. Terms apply Battery Refresh: replaces your phone's battery if it fails one of the Battery Refresh Tool tests. Available for up to three years depending on your plan. On phones purchased via Vodafone directly. Excludes damaged and tampered phones. Terms apply UK's Only Lifetime Service Promise: Vodafone is the only network that offers both i) Lifetime Warranty which covers your phone for manufacturer defects provided you have an active pay monthly Airtime plan, and ii) Battery Refresh which offers phone battery health checks and required replacements for up to 3 years. Terms apply Smartwatch Specific Small Print Smartwatch: requires a) Vodafone pay monthly Airtime plan, and b) 12 or 24 month Connectivity Plan (via Vodafone OneNumber). Watch Plans over 12 months require a 24 month Connectivity Plan. Terms apply Vodafone OneNumber Connectivity Plan ('Connectivity Plan'): uses your minutes, texts and data allowance from your Airtime Plan using Vodafone OneNumber. You must have an Airtime Plan with us in order to purchase a Connectivity Plan. Smartwatch Connectivity plans can be bought for a smartwatch you already own, or for a new smartwatch you purchase through us. Tablet Connectivity plans can only be bought for a tablet you already own. Two-Year Warranty (formerly called Total Care Warranty) is a 24-month warranty that starts from the date your device (purchased from Vodafone), is dispatched. This covers manufacturer's defects in the materials and workmanship of the device through normal use. Excludes damaged and tampered devices. Not applicable with Laptops. Terms apply Tablet Specific Small Print Two-Year Warranty (formerly called Total Care Warranty) is a 24-month warranty that starts from the date your device (purchased from Vodafone), is dispatched. This covers manufacturer's defects in the materials and workmanship of the device through normal use. Excludes damaged and tampered devices. Not applicable with Laptops. Terms apply Pay As You Go Unlimited Bundle: An Unlimited Pay as you go Bundle lasts for 30 days. Your bundle will automatically renew every 30 days if you have enough credit. To opt out call 2345. Includes unlimited data and unlimited minutes and texts: minutes to standard mobiles and landlines (UK: 01, 02, 03) and standard texts (excluding MMS) to use in the UK and Zone A. Unlimited Bundle terms, exclusions and destinations Pay as you go Bundles (Big Value Bundle) excluding Unlimited Bundle: Unlimited minutes to standard mobiles and landlines (UK: 01, 02, 03), standard texts and a set allowance of data (excluding Extras) to use in the UK and Zone A. Last 30 days. Automatically renews every 30 days if you have enough credit. Opt out by calling 2345. Pay as you go Bundles are also known as Big Value Bundles. For more information, please visit our Pay as you go Bundles terms and conditions page Total Rollover: Any unused allowance from your current Pay as you go Bundle will only rollover from one bundle to the next, for use in the next 30-day period, if your Pay as you go Bundle renews automatically. Pay as you go 1: You'll pay just £1 each day you use your phone, which gives you: Unlimited minutes, Unlimited texts, 50MB of data to use until midnight. For more information, please visit our Pay as you go 1 terms and conditions page Roaming: Your data usage is for use in the UK and Zone A destinations only, unless you purchase one of our roaming extras. For more info and destinations beyond Zone A, visit our extras page. For terms visit our terms and conditions pages Pay As You Go Plus Pay as you go Plus plan: My Vodafone app required. UK and Zone A use only unless Roaming Extra purchased. Minutes to standard mobiles and landlines (UK: 01, 02, 03), standard texts and plan data allowance (excluding Extras). Auto-Renews every 30 days if opted in via My Vodafone app and payment card added. Purchase Extras and manage payments through My Vodafone app. Plan stops after 30 days if paused or cancelled (by opting out of Auto-Renew). If opted out and you do not choose another plan, you can only receive inbound calls and texts once your 30-day plan ends. You must opt back in and re-purchase a new plan to use data, minutes, send texts or buy Extras. For terms and more information see the Pay as you go Plus terms and conditions Roaming: Your data usage is for the UK and Zone A destinations only, unless you purchase one of our roaming extras in the My Vodafone app. Your extra will run until the day it expires (at 11:59pm UK time) or when it is used up, whichever is sooner. For more information on roaming destinations, see our roaming page or the My Vodafone app. For Extras terms, see the terms and conditions page Home Broadband Home Broadband: For details and terms see our Home Broadband page Insurance These terms are available in our terms and conditions pages If you're a consumer go to Consumer then Insurance then Insurance terms and conditions If you're a sole trader go to Business then Insurance then Insurance - Current Very Me VeryMe Rewards: See My Vodafone app for end dates and full terms and conditions. Pay as you go customers must have topped up at least £10 credit on their account in the last 6 weeks to participate. Pay as you go Plus customers must have Auto-Renew switched on to participate in certain prizes and competitions. VeryMe won A Silver in the Brand Partnership Activation of the Year category and a Gold in the Loyalty Activation of the Year category at the 2020 IPM Awards. See verification on the IPM website VeryMe helped Vodafone win Best Network for Loyalty and Retention at the Mobile Industry Awards 2020. See verification on the Techrader website Vodafone VeryMe, TMW Unlimited and Mando-Connect won Best Use of CRM at the Loyalty Magazine Awards 2020. See verification on the IPM website Network Reliable, award-winning network: The UK relies on Vodafone as a network provider as it: i) powers critical national infrastructure and 82% of Emergency Services (see our Public Sector Portal for further information), ii) has coverage in 99% of UK homes, iii) covers 96% of the UK's landmass; and iv) has won numerous awards. See full details and awards on our Network page For full terms and conditions, visit our terms and conditions page Finance subject to status and credit checks. 18 +. Direct debit required. Credit provided by Vodafone Limited, FCA reference Number: 712210, Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN Follow us Facebook Twitter Ask our community Site map Buying online Pay monthly deals Pay as you go deals SIM only deals iPad Tablets Mobile Broadband Home Broadband Laptops Vodafone recommends Deals and offers Vodafone EVO Unbreakable Broadband Latest phones iPhone 15 Pro Max iPhone 15 Pro iPhone 15 Plus iPhone 15 Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Samsung Galaxy S24 Samsung Galaxy S24+ Samsung Galaxy S23 FE 5G Samsung Galaxy Z Fold5 Google Pixel 8 Pro Google Pixel 8 New phones Help and support All help topics Help with your device Lost or stolen devices Find a store Contact us Complaints code Help and advice on fraud Return a product TOBi UK Charge Checker Social broadband Broadband speed test Vodafone UK About us For investors News Centre Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Careers User research Switch to Vodafone Our partnerships VOXI Talkmobile Buying online Pay monthly deals Pay as you go deals SIM only deals iPad Tablets Mobile Broadband Home Broadband Laptops Vodafone recommends Deals and offers Vodafone EVO Unbreakable Broadband Latest phones iPhone 15 Pro Max iPhone 15 Pro iPhone 15 Plus iPhone 15 Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Samsung Galaxy S24 Samsung Galaxy S24+ Samsung Galaxy S23 FE 5G Samsung Galaxy Z Fold5 Google Pixel 8 Pro Google Pixel 8 New phones Help and support All help topics Help with your device Lost or stolen devices Find a store Contact us Complaints code Help and advice on fraud Return a product TOBi UK Charge Checker Social broadband Broadband speed test Vodafone UK About us For investors News Centre Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Careers User research Switch to Vodafone Our partnerships VOXI Talkmobile Contact us Find a store Switch to business site Site map Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2024 Vodafone Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for consumer credit lending and insurance distribution activity (Financial Services Register No. 712210) Registered in England and Wales. Company No 01471587. Registered Office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN. Close dialog Sorry we can't find the content you were looking for. Please close this window and try again. 4G 5G U U