Transition Network | Transition Towns Toggle Navigation Button Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Donate Get involved About the Movement About the movement Read more What is Transition? Research Why Principles Characteristics History REconomy Who is involved? Transition Hubs Group The Charity Purpose Transparency How we work Shared governance TN Culture Transition Near me Transition near me Read more Groups Hubs Stories Stories of Transition Stories from around the movement .... View all stories Meet Transitioners Do Transition Do Transition Find everything here that you need to develop Transition in your community. Read more Starting Transition 7 Essential Ingredients The Essential Guide to Doing Transition How to start Moving to a Core Group In your University Inner Transition Framing Inner Transition The history of Inner Transition Inner at a personal level Personal Resilience Resources Conflict Resilience Resources Inner at a group level Inner at the level of the movement Transition Training Our Trainings Events & Trainings Calendar Our Trainers Host a Training Become a Trainer Healthcheck Transition in action Municipalities Project Translations Schools in Transition Reconomy News News News, blogs, happenings from in and around the network. Browse all Popular Categories Blog News Community Guest Editors Climate Change Transition initiatives About the Movement About the movement Read more What is Transition? Research Why Principles Characteristics History REconomy Who is involved? Transition Hubs Group The Charity Purpose Transparency How we work Shared governance TN Culture Transition Near me Transition near me Read more Groups Hubs Stories Stories of Transition Stories from around the movement .... View all stories Meet Transitioners Do Transition Do Transition Find everything here that you need to develop Transition in your community. Read more Starting Transition 7 Essential Ingredients The Essential Guide to Doing Transition How to start Moving to a Core Group In your University Inner Transition Framing Inner Transition The history of Inner Transition Inner at a personal level Personal Resilience Resources Conflict Resilience Resources Inner at a group level Inner at the level of the movement Transition Training Our Trainings Events & Trainings Calendar Our Trainers Host a Training Become a Trainer Healthcheck Transition in action Municipalities Project Translations Schools in Transition Reconomy News News News, blogs, happenings from in and around the network. Browse all Popular Categories Blog News Community Guest Editors Climate Change Transition initiatives Home About the Movement About the movement Read more What is Transition? Research Why Principles Characteristics History REconomy Who is involved? Transition Hubs Group The Charity Purpose Transparency How we work Shared governance TN Culture Transition Near me Transition near me Read more Groups Hubs Stories Stories of Transition Stories from around the movement .... View all stories Meet Transitioners Do Transition Do Transition Find everything here that you need to develop Transition in your community. Read more Starting Transition 7 Essential Ingredients The Essential Guide to Doing Transition How to start Moving to a Core Group In your University Inner Transition Framing Inner Transition The history of Inner Transition Inner at a personal level Personal Resilience Resources Conflict Resilience Resources Inner at a group level Inner at the level of the movement Transition Training Our Trainings Events & Trainings Calendar Our Trainers Host a Training Become a Trainer Healthcheck Transition in action Municipalities Project Translations Schools in Transition Reconomy News News News, blogs, happenings from in and around the network. Browse all Popular Categories Blog News Community Guest Editors Climate Change Transition initiatives A movement of communities coming together to reimagine and rebuild our world Tell me more OUR PICKS Feb 2024 - Save the Date: Day of Transition Practise Saturday, 27 April 2024 Dear Transitioners worldwide, Transitioners have more than 15 years of experience in community-led change. At times, it was jo... Read more OUR PICKS Jan 2024 - Sobre ‘relacionar-se’: consigo mesmo, com velhos amigos e com comunidades inteiras Estou aqui a pensar como os ‘ciclos’ pautam a minha existência – toda, tanto pessoal como profissional. E se eu sinto em mim ciclos claros,... Read more Previous Next 1 / 2 2 / 2 ACTIVITY OF THE MONTH / Jo Hamilton on why monitoring and evaluation matters for Transition What role does measuring and evaluating your impacts have to play for Transition initiatives? How important is it, and how straightforward is it in a group that is already busy &... Read more NEWS ARTICLE / A new inner adventure Hi! This is Esther, facilitator and communications operational lead of the Inner Transition Circle (ITC). We’re so excited to share with all the Transition movement communi... Read more News Roundup Save the Date: Day of Transition Practise - 2 weeks ago Sobre ‘relacionar-se’: consigo mesmo, com velhos amigos e com comunidades inteiras - 2 months ago Abrir e fechar de ciclos - 3 months ago Introducing… The Training Support Circle! - 3 months ago An invitation... Are you feeling curious? Critical? Excited? Daunted? The Transition movement is made up of people like you who are already feeling the benefit of connecting with others to take care of themselves, their community and the planet. Let us help you take the next step. Find out more about our movement. Check out whether Transition is already happening near you. Consider starting a Transition group Want to get Transition started where you live? Read our ‘Essential Guide to Doing Transition’. We've produced a wonderful free online guide to getting Transition started where you live. It's everything you need in order to get things moving. Find out more 21 stories - Hope with it's sleeves rolled up 21 stories – Hope with its sleeves rolled up What is being grown here...community, confidence & that we can change the world Find out more Previous Next 1 / 2 2 / 2 Get news and updates Email Ignored Transition basic How to start Transition Training Get in touch Contact us Press and PR Facebook Twitter YouTube Support us Donate Buy Stuff Get involved © 2024 Transition Network | Company no.6135675 | Charity no.1128675 Site Help & Accessibility Terms and Conditions Complaints Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset Close This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to the use of cookies.