Earth Overshoot Day home - #MoveTheDate Skip to main content Menu About Earth Overshoot Day Past Earth Overshoot Days Country Overshoot Days Partners Blog Solutions Cities Energy Food Fed by Fossil Fuel Planet Population Girl’s Education Power of Possibility #MoveTheDate Map Power of Possibility Newsroom FOR THE MEDIA 2023 Date Calculation Media Contacts Media Backgrounder Past Earth Overshoot Days Country Overshoot Days Social Media and Visuals Press Releases – multiple languages Earth Overshoot Day – August Launch Event Highlights Earth Overshoot Day – July Announcing Launch Event Earth Overshoot Day – June Announcing the Date Earth Overshoot Day – Circular Businesses HIGHLIGHTS 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 For Kids & Teachers LESSON: What day is Earth Overshoot Day? Additional Languages 课程：地球超载日（透支日）是哪一天？ What is the Ecological Footprint? Guess the Date Contest Classroom Activities Footprint Calculator Ecological Footprint Book Subscribe Donate Close Search Earth Overshoot Day 2023 fell on August 2In a resounding call for sustainability and innovation, Slovenia’s Ministry of Environment, Climate and Energy ushers in the One-Hour Initiative during high-level event commemorating this year’s Earth Overshoot Day Learn more Power of Possibility We know that thinking about overshoot can be overwhelming—we’re right there with you. First, we should mention that we’re not ecological resource- or climate-“doom-and-gloom” people. We’re also not over-optimistic, “change-your-lightbulbs-and-we’ll-be-OK” types, either. We’re realists. Somewhere in the middle. Individuals have the power to better their homes and communities. The greatest potential for large-scale impact, however, lies with governments and businesses who align their policies and strategies with the reality of our finite planet. More precisely, immense #PowerOfPossibility can be found in the countless existing solutions that can be implemented at scale. With them, we can make ourselves more resilient and #MoveTheDate of Earth Overshoot Day. Explore the solutions! rePLANET Food waste prevention legislation Plant-based meals in school canteens Interzero Circular Companies: Recycling and Refurbishing Rural Solar Power and Microgrids Atmos Financial Financing Decarbonization Land Stewardship for Low Impact Beef Production Improved Emissions Standards for Trucks Past Overshoot Days Earth Overshoot Day is computed by dividing the planet’s biocapacity (the amount of ecological resources Earth is able to generate that year), by humanity’s Ecological Footprint (humanity’s demand for that year), and multiplying by 365, the number of days in a year. How does this year’s date compare to that of previous years? Explore past Overshoot Days Explore Solutions to #MoveTheDate Thriving lives within the means of our planet are not out of reach. Plenty of solutions exist in five major areas for improving sustainability: planet, cities, energy, food, and population. Planet How we help nature thrive Cities How we design and manage cities Energy How we power ourselves Food How we produce, distribute, and consume food Population How many of us there are Can we live in balance with the Earth? The #MoveTheDate Solutions map is your go-to place to post and browse relevant information about active projects (“solutions”) that contribute to bringing human activity in balance with Earth’s ecological budget. This means moving the date of Earth Overshoot Day to December 31 or later. Explore the map to find solutions that have been implemented in your country, or create an account and add a solution that you love. Explore solutions map Join our newsletter list! Sign Up Earth Overshoot Day By the Numbers 3800 million years ago life first evident on Earth 121 increase in world population since 1970 -68 decline in average population size of vertebrate species since 1970 60 of humanity’s Ecological Footprint is carbon Meet our partners Earth Overshoot Day is an initiative of Global Footprint Network, an international research organization that is changing the way the world measures and manages its natural resources. The date of Earth Overshoot Day is calculated with National Footprint and Biocapacity Accounts data, available for free at data.footprintnetwork.org. Donate today to help #MoveTheDate of Earth Overshoot Day. Donate Now About Earth Overshoot Day What is the Ecological Footprint? Earth Overshoot Day Partners Power of Possibility Media Backgrounder Media Contacts Global Footprint Network Website Classroom Activities LESSON: What day is Earth Overshoot Day? Footprint Calculator Subscribe to Newsletter © 2024 Earth Overshoot Day. Global Footprint Network. All Rights Reserved. twitterfacebooklinkedinyoutubeinstagram Close Menu About Earth Overshoot Day Past Earth Overshoot Days Country Overshoot Days Partners Blog Solutions Cities Energy Food Fed by Fossil Fuel Planet Population Girl’s Education Power of Possibility #MoveTheDate Map Power of Possibility Newsroom FOR THE MEDIA 2023 Date Calculation Media Contacts Media Backgrounder Past Earth Overshoot Days Country Overshoot Days Social Media and Visuals Press Releases – multiple languages Earth Overshoot Day – August Launch Event Highlights Earth Overshoot Day – July Announcing Launch Event Earth Overshoot Day – June Announcing the Date Earth Overshoot Day – Circular Businesses HIGHLIGHTS 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 For Kids & Teachers LESSON: What day is Earth Overshoot Day? Additional Languages 课程：地球超载日（透支日）是哪一天？ What is the Ecological Footprint? Guess the Date Contest Classroom Activities Footprint Calculator Ecological Footprint Book Subscribe Donate