Catalyst | Catalyst Skip to main content Catalyst Workplaces that work for women Become a Supporter Login About Us What We Do Our History Board of Directors Catalyst Staff Our Global Reach Newsroom Careers Our Community Board Directors Advisory Committee Events Supporters Catalyst CEO Champions For Change Expert Community Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Measuring for Change Catalyst Partners 2023-2024 Plan Your Year With Catalyst Learning CatalystX Microlearning Learning Solutions Webinars Virtual Events Solutions Become a Supporter Accelerating Equity On All Fronts Learning Solutions MARC Practices Catalyst Award Catalyst Honours More Solutions Research Reports Infographics Ask Catalyst Express Stats & Data Tools Flip the Script Research Series Explore All Research Topics International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month 2024 Frontline Employees Initiative Empathy Covid-19 Remote Work Women CEOs Sexual Harassment Implicit Bias Future of Work Race, Ethnicity, and Culture Engaging Men LGBTQ+ Gender Pay Gap More Topics Search × Quick Search Advanced Search Content Type Any Blog Posts Pages Series Biographies Research Research Series Solutions Spotlight Stories Media Releases Events Research Type Any e-book Infographic List Practices Quick Take Quiz Report Tool Topic Overview Trend Brief Webinar Recording Topic Any Advancing Your Own Career Allyship and Advocacy Artificial Intelligence Board Diversity Business Case Covid-19 Emotional Tax Empathy Employee Resource Groups Engaging Men Flexible Work Frontline Employee Initiative Future of Work Gender Bias Gender Pay Gap Generations Implicit Bias Inclusive Communications Inclusive Leadership Intersectionality LGBTQ+ Measurement Organizational Culture Change Race, Ethnicity, and Culture Recruitment and Retention Remote Work Sexual Harassment Sponsorship and Mentoring STEM Transgender Women CEOs Women of Color Working Parents Language Any Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) English French German Japanese Portuguese (Brazil) Spanish Region Any Africa Asia Australia Canada China Europe Global India Japan Latin America Mexico Middle East United States Search CATALYST TRANSFORMS WORKPLACES For over 60 years, we have focused on accelerating progress for women in the workplace. We have unparalleled expertise, thought leadership, and actionable solutions to address your diversity, equity, and inclusion challenges and drive sustainable change. Start your DEI Journey CATALYST TRANSFORMS WORKPLACES For over 60 years, we have focused on accelerating progress for women in the workplace. We have unparalleled expertise, thought leadership, and actionable solutions to address your diversity, equity, and inclusion challenges and drive sustainable change. Start your DEI Journey What We’re Talking About Right Now Inclusive Communications How to Talk About Diversity With Employees Catalyst offers research-based messaging guidance for senior leaders talking about DEI. Read more Champions For Change This CEO Community Is Keeping and Advancing Their Best Talent. Are You? (Report) These 80+ CEOs are advancing pay equity and retaining women at all levels of their organizations. Learn how. Read more International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month 2024 Join us for Women’s History Month! Interact around different topics every week and celebrate International Women's Day on March 8th. Read more Catalyst Awards Conference & Dinner 2024 The Catalyst Award is the premier recognition of organizational diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives that drive representation and inclusion for women. Read highlights from the 2023 event and mark […] Read more CEO Letter Let’s Make 2024 the Year of the Catalyst Effect (CEO Letter) Creating workplaces that work for all is more relevant and necessary than ever, says Catalyst President and CEO Lorraine Hariton. Read more Inclusive Communications 33 Ways to Address the Backlash Against Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Catalyst resources show you how to do DEI right—because DEI done right works. Read more We Are The Catalyst Effect Catalyst invites our global community to participate with #TheCatalystEffect campaign throughout March. Join us in celebrating women leaders who create positive transformation in the workplace. Start Celebrating Take the Next Step on Your DEI Journey Frontline Employees Initiative Executive Tool: Window to the Front Line Ready to get started on your journey to healthier, happier frontline workers? Punch in and let’s go! Read more Frontline Employees Initiative Manager Tool: Moments That Matter Empower frontline supervisors to build rewarding environments for women with 24 scenario-based learning cards and a collection of video and audio micro-learnings. Read more Frontline Employees Initiative Text here Read more “Women in frontline roles are essential to the daily operations of many of the world’s largest companies. They were also disproportionately impacted by the pandemic and still feel its effects. Companies have told us that attracting and retaining women in the frontline workforce is a priority. And women’s voices, well-being, and contributions must be central to these efforts. Building respectful and rewarding workplaces of all kinds is at the core of this report and Catalyst’s broadened focus on women in frontline roles.” Lorraine Hariton, President + CEO, Catalyst Meet Lorraine Catalyst is recognized by SHRM to offer Professional Development Credits (PDCs) for SHRM-CP® or SHRM-SCP® recertification activities. Looking for something else? Start here. I am looking for... Women's History Month/IWD How to become a Supporter The latest Catalyst research Events How to make a donation Catalyst History 2023 Catalyst Awards Submit Founded in 1962, Catalyst drives change with preeminent thought leadership, actionable solutions and a galvanized community of multinational corporations to accelerate and advance women into leadership—because progress for women is progress for everyone. What We Do Our Global Reach Blog Events Newsroom Careers at Catalyst Become a Supporter Make a Donation Contact Us Brand Center Privacy Notice Terms of Use Sign up for the latest Catalyst news Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Instagram RSS © 2024 Catalyst Inc.