Roads & Kingdoms 2018 Primetime Emmy & James Beard Award Winner Travel Food Politics Guides Roam 5 o’clock somewhere Baggage Breakfast Know Before You Go Dispatched By Bourdain The Right Gear, the Right Moment: Q&A with Beatriz Janer The Catalan photographer talks about her unexpected career and the increasingly emotional pull of travel Latest from R&K The Taste of Being Thrown Around by the Sea: Q&A with chef Mari Fernandez by María Elizondo Chef Jeremiah Tower on Life in Mérida by Nathan Thornburgh Food Waste Warriors by Osayi Endolyn Planting the Future by Lise Josefsen Hermann Apeel’s Mission to Save the World’s Produce by Lucy Sherriff Travel with Roads & Kingdoms Kenya’s High-Tech War on Weeds 13 Things to Know Before You Go to Salamanca Ancient buildings, raucous youth, and mountains of jamón: A survival guide to one of Spain’s most charming cities. From South Africa, a WonderBag for the Future The WonderBag is a slow-cooker designed to reduce cooking time, fuel use, and carbon emissions. It also lightens the load for women in countries where open-fire cooking and hours of unpaid labor daily falls to them. “These Shells, They Travel.” Collecting seashells is as old as humanity. What we do with them can reveal who we are, where we’re from, and what we believe. Featured City Guides Barcelona Tokyo Charleston Lisbon More Guides Dispatched by Anthony Bourdain Each of these deeply reported features takes readers on a deep dive into unsolved crimes, underground scenes, and unsung heroes in this Anthony Bourdain-curated, Beard-award-winning longform series. From a murder in South Africa's winelands to a personal account of life, death and Mother Ayahuasca in the Peruvian Amazon, explore the favorite R&K dispatches chosen by our late partner and editor-at-large Anthony Bourdain. View the Series Latest from R&K The Right Gear, the Right Moment: Q&A with Photographer Beatriz Janer Read More Netted by Politics: a Fisherman’s Dilemma in the South China Sea The geopolitical struggle between China and the Philippines has strangled Filipino fishermen’s access to some of their richest fishing grounds A Model Farm in the Yucatán: Q&A with Gonzalo Samaranch Mestiza de Indias is an innovative, Maya-inspired regenerative farm in the middle of a region threatened by mass tourism and overdevelopment. Its founder has a lot to say about why food matters. Make it Loud: Q&A with Dylan Eitharong In Kenya, Using Fungi to Fight a War on Weeds The Toothpick Company turns fungi into bioherbicide to fight Striga, a devastating “master weed” that has devastated an estimated 40 million farms in Africa. Tackling Southeast Asia’s Protein Crisis In Southeast Asia, the Protein Challenge is aiming for nothing less than a total transformation of regional food systems. The solution? Empowering and uniting the protein system’s various and diverse actors to create change from within. Reinventing the Wheel Monarch Tractor has recently launched its first line of electric tractors with its groundbreaking MK-V model – the world’s first full-electric, driver-optional, data-collecting smart tractor. Its CEO hopes the company is going to revolutionize the future of farming. Can Fungi Save our Soil? Australian start-up Loam is using fungi to help crops capture carbon in the soil—and keep it there. It could be a game-changer for farmers and the fight against climate change. Bioversity International: Making the Invisible Visible Scientists agree that global agriculture is losing crucial diversity in its plants, animals and microorganisms. But you can’t fix a problem that you can’t measure properly. That’s where the Agrobiodiversity Index comes in. More Articles About R&K Productions Books Podcast Newsletter © 2024 Roads & Kingdoms Guides Lisbon Charleston Edinburgh Johannesburg Tokyo Barcelona More Guides Newsletter R&K Insider Join our newsletter to get exclusives on where our correspondents travel, what they eat, where they stay. Free to sign up. Subscribe