Cryptology ePrint Archive What a lovely hat Is it made out of tin foil? Cryptology ePrint Archive Papers Updates from the last: 7 days 31 days 6 months 365 days Listing by year All papers Compact view How to cite Harvesting metadata Submissions Submit a paper Revise or withdraw a paper Acceptance and publishing conditions About Goals and history News Statistics Contact Search Advanced search The Cryptology ePrint Archive provides rapid access to recent research in cryptology. Papers have been placed here by the authors and did not undergo any refereeing process other than verifying that the work seems to be within the scope of cryptology and meets some minimal acceptance criteria and publishing conditions. Search Recent papers 2024/400 SILBE: an Updatable Public Key Encryption Scheme from Lollipop Attacks Max Duparc, Tako Boris Fouotsa, and Serge Vaudenay 2024/399 A Direct PRF Construction from Kolmogorov Complexity Yanyi Liu and Rafael Pass 2024/398 The Last Challenge Attack: Exploiting a Vulnerable Implementation of the Fiat-Shamir Transform in a KZG-based SNARK Oana Ciobotaru, Maxim Peter, and Vesselin Velichkov 2024/397 Exponent-VRFs and Their Applications Dan Boneh, Iftach Haitner, and Yehuda Lindell Submissions Have you submitted a paper, or are you interested in learning more about submitting? You can also learn more about our acceptance and publishing conditions Submit a paper Revise or withdraw Retrieve papers You can view the Cryptology ePrint Archive papers that were added: In the last week In the last month In the last six months In the current calendar year You can also view listings by year, the complete contents, or a compact view. If you are looking for a specific paper, use the search bar on the menu at the top of the page. News 19 Oct 2023 Matthias J. Kannwischer joins as new co-editor and replaces Tancrède Lepoint. 20 Dec 2022 New RSS feeds ordered by publication date 26 May 2022 By popular demand, the compact view view is back. 25 Apr 2022 Cryptology ePrint Archive has been rewritten in Python. 28 Sep 2021 Cryptology ePrint Archive now supports UTF-8. About For more than 20 years, the Cryptology ePrint Archive has been publishing pre-print papers relevant to the field of cryptology. You can read more about our goals and history, see our acceptance and publishing conditions, check out some statistics, or contact us. Current Editors Joppe W. Bos Matthias J. Kannwischer Note: In order to protect the privacy of readers, eprint.iacr.org does not use cookies or embedded third party content.