Home | Calgary HeraldSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search calgaryherald.com Perform search Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search calgaryherald.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscription News Local News Crime Politics True Crime National World Weather Archives Business Energy Local Business Real Estate First-Time Homebuyers Commercial Real Estate FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Technology Gaming Science Space Small Business Alberta's Top Employers Sports Calgary Flames NHL PWHL More Hockey Calgary Stampeders CFL NFL Spruce Meadows Soccer International Soccer MLS Baseball Basketball Golf Golf Videos Curling Rodeo-Chucks Tennis Auto Racing Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Send us an Opinion Column or Letter Arts Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Theatre Music Celebrity Books Life Shopping Essentials Deals Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Travel Guide Health Women Men Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Special Sections Calgary Home + Garden Show Encore Lifestyles Food Homes New Homes Condos Rec Properties Calgary Homes & Design Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Advice Horoscopes Royals Travel Ski & Snowboard Travel Alberta Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Contests Readers' Choice Upcoming Events Newsletters Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Driving ePaper Remembering Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Browse Listings Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Real Estate Marketplace Pet Posts & Adoptions Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Business Sports Opinion Arts Life Upcoming Events Newsletters Puzzles Comics Driving ePaper Remembering Manage Print Subscription Home | Calgary HeraldAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Columnists Bell: Premier Smith's Alberta blueprint means sacrifice — from you What is clear is Smith and her talk of we're all in this together means sacrifice with Video 99 Comments Rick Bell Columnists Local News Eau Claire Market to close May 31 to make way for Green Line LRT 19 Comments Local News Columnists Braid: Nenshi expected to go public March 11, but faces a maze of NDP rules 258 Comments Don Braid Columnists Columnists Breakenridge: Government rhetoric at odds with reality 29 Comments Rob Breakenridge Columnists Sports Flames comeback bid comes up short in loss to Kraken Sports Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsPolitics One arrested after stabbing in northeast Calgary One person is under arrest after a fight between two brothers led to a stabbing at a home in northeast Calgary Monday night, police said. 2 hours ago Crime Murder charge laid in Stoney Nakoda First Nation death RCMP have charged a Stoney Nakoda First Nation woman with second-degree murder in relation to a September homicide. 19 minutes ago Crime Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Varcoe: Alberta’s gas tax expected to jump in April— but rising oil prices may extend relief While providing gasoline tax relief will cost the treasury some money, higher oil prices will pump out far more cash for the government 10 Comments Chris Varcoe 16 hours ago Columnists Vincent Fong guilty of second-degree murder in stabbing death of his father Shu Kwan (Ken) Fong, 70, died of multiple stab wounds after his son pushed him down a set of stairs inside the family's northwest Calgary home before repeatedly stabbing him 6 Comments 18 hours ago Crime Did Flames ownership nix a Jacob Markstrom trade? Daily Faceoff’s Frank Seravalli reported on The DFO Rundown podcast: 'Don Maloney, on behalf of ownership, is believed to have nixed this trade' 8 Comments 19 hours ago Calgary Flames More news stories > Trending Bell: Premier Smith's Alberta blueprint means sacrifice — from you Braid: Nenshi expected to go public March 11, but faces a maze of NDP rules Breakenridge: Government rhetoric at odds with reality Eau Claire Market to close May 31 to make way for Green Line LRT Finance minister 'confident' $100-million dividend from ATB will be consistent revenue source Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Calgary. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.BusinessFeaturedEnergyLocal Business Finance minister 'confident' $100-million dividend from ATB will be consistent revenue source While subject to annual approval, Alberta Finance Minister Nate Horner said he's 'confident' the dividend will be a steady revenue source 8 Comments 18 hours ago Local Business Parker: Angel investor proving Calgary is a rewarding place to do business Neeraj Gupta is intensely interested in helping startup companies 1 day ago Local Business Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. In US$1.14-billion deal, TC Energy sells Portland Natural Gas Transmission System to BlackRock TC Energy Corp.’s plan to shore up its balance sheet with $3 billion or more in asset sales took a step forward Monday after a deal to sell a U.S. pipeline. 1 day ago Energy Simpson Oil to evaluate options to protect shareholder rights at Parkland Simpson Oil Ltd. says it will evaluate its options to protect its shareholder rights once restrictions under an agreement that limits its ability to nominate and vote for board members at Parkland Corp. expires on March 31. 1 day ago Energy Why surge pricing isn't coming to a fast food menu near you David Jones: Surge pricing is increasingly common, but backlash against Wendy's is just one reason why it isn't right for restaurants with Video 1 day ago Business More business stories > Around the NetworkHeadline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.SportsFeaturedHockeyFootball GM Shane James back with Surge in return of leadership group Shane James is back with the Calgary Surge. 1 hour ago Sports Pospisil ejected for hit on Dunn that leaves Kraken fuming The Seattle Kraken were livid. 10 hours ago Sports Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Jay Wheeldon joins Cavalry's coaching staff in assistant's role Another Wheeldon helping to run Cavalry FC? 14 hours ago Sports Flames notes: Coronato recalled, Kylington ready for more minutes Coronato was called up by the Flames on Monday, after revealing that rookie standout Connor Zary is day-to-day with an injury 19 hours ago Calgary Flames Off The Post: Is Elias Pettersson worth the money on his new deal? On the latest edition of Off The Post, Toronto SUN Sports Columnist Steve Simmons, Postmedia Hockey Columnist Bruce Garrioch and Postmedia’s Rob Wong talk about Elias Pettersson’s new contract with the Vancouver Canucks and if the enforcer role is having a renaissance because of New York Rangers rookie Matt Rempe. with Video 22 hours ago Hockey More sports stories > weather (Calgary) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.OpinionFeaturedColumnistsLetters Opinion: The challenges are real – address climate change yet build energy systems The planet’s net-zero goals are at risk of crashing on the rocks, as geopolitics, unrealistic time frames and the costs of this complex transformation more clearly come into focus. Deborah Yedlin 3 hours ago Columnists Letters, March 5: No comparison between Mulroney and current leader When I learned of the passing of Brian Mulroney, one of my immediate thoughts was to compare him to the current Conservative leader. 31 Comments Calgary Herald 3 hours ago Letters Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Opinion: Métis self-government bill puts First Nations rights at risk On June 21, 2023, the minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations introduced Bill C-53, an act respecting the recognition of certain Métis governments in Alberta, Ontario and Saskatchewan. As the House of Commons convenes its session, the attention of First Nations across Canada is focused on the fate of Bill C-53 and many, myself included as Chief of Alexis Nakota Sioux Nation, are calling for its immediate withdrawal. Tony Alexis 5 days ago Columnists Reflections and reactions from our editorial cartoonists The passing of former prime minister Brian Mulroney dominated headlines at the end of the week, as did Alberta’s budget and the ongoing split in communications between Ottawa and Alberta. Here’s how Patrick LaMontagne and Greg Perry reflected those events in their editorial cartoons. Calgary Herald 1 day ago Opinion On the Road: Singing birds and tinkling ice But for the sound like shattering glass, all was birdsong and whispering breeze. with Video Mike Drew for Postmedia 2 days ago Columnists More opinion stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Entertainment Just for Laughs cancels comedy festival, seeks creditor protection The company is seeking protection from its creditors as it begins formal restructuring. 1 hour ago Entertainment Alberta Ballet offers new take on fairy tale Hansel & Gretel, offering eye-popping visuals and classical dance Hansel & Gretel will be making its Canadian debut in Calgary, running at the Southern Jubilee Auditorium from March 7 to 9. 16 hours ago Local Arts Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Review: Beautiful Man flips female roles in film and its as unsettling as it is entertaining Erin Shield’s Beautiful Man is a ferocious indictment of how women have traditionally been portrayed and treated in film, television, theatre, and even puppet plays. 17 hours ago Theatre 'Fighting evil with art': Ancient tradition underscores Ukraine’s grinding war For many Ukrainians, exhibitions like this are a way to bring home to them, said lead artist Daena Diduck. 18 hours ago Local News Broadway Across Canada announces theatrical lineup at Jubilee Auditorium Broadway Across Canada has announced its 2024-25 season, which will feature seven theatrical productions at Calgary’s Southern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium. 21 hours ago Theatre More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LifeFeaturedHealthFood How We Live: Go small to save grocery dollars I don’t have to tell you that groceries are expensive. Every trip to the supermarket brings fresh sticker shock. 3 days ago Food Calgary and area women share their stories and advice on working in the beverage industry With International Women’s Day less than a week away, on March 8, I am featuring three Calgary and area women who have made careers in the beverage industry. They share insights on their journey and highlight challenges they have faced while offering advice for those considering a similar career. 3 days ago Food Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Billy aces couple's townhome dreams Currie provides convenient backdrop for Anthem's newest townhome development. 3 days ago Homes White: Calgary home building is on fire From high rises and midrises, to densifying inner-city communities with popular row homes, developers are working to add housing. 19 Comments 3 days ago Homes Albertans intent on buying homes this year Even as migration and a youthful population stoke interest in buying a home in Alberta, many are watching interest rates carefully. 3 days ago Homes More life stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving F1 driver Berger’s stolen Ferrari recovered after 28 years The famed Formula One pilot's 512M Testarossa was swiped following his podium finish at the 1995 San Marino Grand Prix, but has just been found in London with Video 56 minutes ago Crash, Bang, Wow 2024 Dodge Charger comes gas or EV, with up to 670 horses Battery-powered Daytona? 550-hp gas-fed Sixpack? Two doors? Four? Like BK, the new Charger lets you have it your way—er, it will eventually 56 minutes ago Preview Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Hand-built V12-powered 1953 Corvette takes 2024 Ridler "TwelveAir" faced some stiff competition at the Detroit Autorama, but the double-bubble-coupe-roof 'Vette came out on top with Video 5 hours ago Entertainment 'Rust Bros' drive big-block 1968 Chevy from B.C. to Toronto’s Motorama Mike Hall and Avery Shoaf are steering a vintage Chevelle clear across the country—and then plan to head on to Las Vegas with Video 20 hours ago Vintage & Collectible 1947 Delahaye, 1962 Ferrari take Best in Show at Amelia Island Concours The prestigious concours finished out a weekend full of classic-car events at the annual show in Florida with Video 21 hours ago Auto Shows More driving stories > Advertisement 9AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Business Sports Opinion Arts Life Upcoming Events ePaper SubscribeFollow Calgary Herald Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Calgary Herald, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK