Rytmik Rock Edition for Nintendo DSiWare: Pocket music station Rytmik Rock Edition Hip Hop King Retrobits World Music More Games Rytmik Rock Edition DSiWare Video Twitter Facebook Rytmik Rock Edition DSiWare Rytmik Rock Edition is a pocket music station. Rytmik Rock Edition is an application for creating rhythmical and melodic themes and for composing whole songs. Its user interface blends the fast and well-arranged interface of classic drum machines with flexible pattern interface of popular trackers and with modern sound library. It contains more than 133 carefully selected sound samples of drum set, keyboards, bass, clean, lead and rhytm guitars instruments. Pocket music station drum set, keyboards, bass, clean, lead and rhytm guitars Create Music build songs from clips, combine clips into 4 tracks Play the Songs varied collection of 10 pre-made songs With Rytmik Rock Edition you can quickly and easily create the basic building stone – an audio clip. It consists of musical notations for up to four instruments that you may transpose, select their location in the stereo field, and modify their volume, polyphony and echo. You may arbitrarily combine up to 128 such clips in four tracks and create complex pieces of music. Moreover you have a collection of 10 pre-made compositions at your disposal that you may quickly compose your own pieces from. Sound library library of more than 130 sound samples Create a Song up to 128 clips, each clip has up to 4 instruments Setup Instruments stereo, volume, polyphony, chorus and echo Rytmik Rock Edition is not only for playing with sounds; in the hands of a skilful musician it can become a serious musical instrument – surprisingly powerful pocket music station. For the best musical experience we recommend connecting headphones or quality speaker system. You’ll become the king of the Rock party in no time… Coming Soon Release Date (Europe): Friday, 05 November 2010 Release Date (Japan): TBA Release Date (America): Monday, 06 December 2010 (special price: 200 DSi Points Only!) Platform: DSiWare Price: 800 DSi Points Play Songs Get the Flash Player to see this player. © 2010 CINEMAX, s.r.o. Nintendo trademarks used under licence. DSiWare is available only through the Nintendo DSi system. Rytmik Rock Edition DSiWare Video Twitter Facebook