Online Yoga classes, Pranayama & Meditations | Free trial | YOGATEKET Toggle Navigation Styles About us Pricing Blog Login Start Your Free Trial Now Svenska Spanish Practice Yoga Online with Yogateket Login Start my practice now Online Yoga ClassesYoga Challenges - Beginner Yoga Programs - Yoga WorkoutsWelcome to Yogateket! We are so glad you found us. At Yogateket, we are dedicated to helping you achieve optimal health and wellness through the power of modern yoga practices. Whether you are looking to build strength with dynamic yoga, clear your mind with guided meditation, or reap the detox benefits of pranayama, we have something for you in our online yoga library.Our platform is designed to be user-friendly and accessible from any device. Stream straight from your browser, or use Google Chromecast or Apple TV for a bigger screen experience. With your personalized dashboard, you can easily track your progress, save your favorite teachers, and even keep a yoga journal to document your practice and reflections.We invite you to take advantage of our two-week free trial and explore all Yogateket offers. Sign up today and try one of our yoga challenges or in-depth learning programs, no strings attached. You can cancel anytime, so there's nothing to lose.We look forward to helping you on your wellness journey!Interesting, I want to know more! Online Yoga LibraryOur mission is to bring fun yoga classes to you wherever you are today. Yoga online should be easy and accessible from everywhere so you can develop and maintain a healthy yoga practice.We made our yoga library so you can filter classes on styles, level, duration, focus, or the mood you are in at the present moment.See our yoga classes 21 day meditation challenge I started this 21-day meditation challenge and I started to see improvements in my life pretty fast. These guided meditations help me to concentrate, being present, I sleep better now and, feel better. Thank you, Guy and Yogateket for bringing this tool to for better health. Totally hooked! All around the hips, yoga class By far my favorite class! I’m absolutely drenched! My left side is my weakest, but the one arm moves will be making appearances in my daily flows to help strengthen. - All around the hips, full body vinyasa flow yoga class - Thank you! -Jessica Fun and smart flow yoga classes Oh, I love this little growing online yoga community that I can bring with me wherever I go. So much to choose from, I'm especially grateful for all short flows that I can sneak in before work. Now I just need more time to practice yoga. Thanks, Ben I love the online yoga challenge Yogateket gives me the challenge I need for a daily practice of yoga, So I want to thank you guys for bringing that to me. I love the variety of yoga classes where I can build strength and the pranayama breathing classes are amazing. / Paula Yoga classes for athletes I was looking for yoga for athletes and came across Yogateket, these classes online have been fantastic since day one they have been such an excellent complement to my running. To build strength with yoga has been as good as the guided meditations. I learn about yoga poses and doing sun salutations like nothing else now. Thank you / Peter Yoga classes for beginners I was wondering how to get started and stream yoga as a beginner with no possibility to attend a yoga studio. It was easier than I thought and the yoga for beginners program was what I needed. Excellent clear and concise instructions from Lizette. One happy online yogi - Jodie What our members are saying about us Try one of our featured online yoga classes for free 20 min Open Your Hamstrings Twenty minutes to bring all your awareness to your hamstrings. Take your time and stretch the back of your legs in different ways to slowly reach splits. Hatha with Lizette Pompa Level 1 7 20 min 20 min Ujjayi meets Sun Salutation A What is Ujjayi and why do we breathe with sound during our physical practice of yoga?In this first practice video, we step back to the basics, to learn the first part of the Ashtanga yoga sequence which is the Sun Salutation. Ashtanga Vinyasa with Sofia Soori Level 1-2 13 20 min 20 min Twisted Twists Let's squeeze the body with this yoga flow! Indian yoga master B.K.S. Iyengar describes twists as a "squeeze-and-soak" action: The organs are compressed during a twist, pushing out blood filled with metabolic by-products and toxins. When we release the twist, fresh blood flows in, carrying oxygen and the building blocks for tissue healing. So, twists stimulate circulation and have a cleansing and refreshing effect on the torso organs and associated glands. Vinyasa flow with Amaranta Aguilar Level 1-2 4 20 min 30 min Beat the Monday Blues The first breathing technique of the week is Nadi Shodana. Alternate nostril breathing, designed to bring us into balance and set us up in the best possible way for the week.The second technique is Sitali. Cooling and calming, the perfect antidote to a heavy weekend.Beat the Monday Blues. Pranayama with Guy Powiecki Level 1-2 3 30 min Our teachers Linnea Ahlgren Vinyasa flow Hatha Meditation Lizette Pompa Vinyasa flow Hatha Yoga strength Daniel Scott Vinyasa flow Hatha Meditation Lauren Matters Vinyasa flow Hatha Sofia Soori Yin yoga Meditation Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga strength Guy Powiecki Hatha Meditation Pranayama Amaranta Aguilar Vinyasa flow Yoga nidra Vinay Jesta Yin yoga Vinyasa flow Catalina Palma Vinyasa flow Itziar Donezar Yin yoga Vinyasa flow Ashtanga Vinyasa Hatha Clare Nicholls Hatha Yoga Philosophy Jaime White Pilates Kathleen Anderson Yin yoga Restorative Lily Seyfi Pilates Discover the yogi's art of breathing pranayama Find the perfect pranayama class Visit our studioYou are welcome to greet us at Yogateket's studio in Uppsala, Sweden. The first yoga class in the studio is free for Yogateket members. We have beginner and intermediate classes in vinyasa, yin and more. Teachers in English and Swedish. PricesAfter the free trial, you can start a subscription. Yoga has the best benefits when practiced regularly and over long periods of time. We value this with lower prices for annual and half-yearly subscriptions. See our rates here. BlogLearn more about yoga online! Get into the basics or deepen your knowledge through our growing information library on yoga pranayama and meditation. Anything from Sanskrit yoga terms to Yoga asana directory. A gift card for someone you like Buy Now ABOUT Our Story Teachers Styles FAQ CONNECT Write for us Events Contact us LIBRARY Classes Challenges Programs Collections LEGAL Pricing Terms Privacy Payment Apps Android iOS SOCIAL Made with in Uppsala © Copyright 2018 Yogakollektivet Sverige AB × Schedule Your Class Mitt Schema: Choose A Time: Set Reminder