RainLeander.GitHub.io RainLeander.GitHub.io The Farmer Project Wake Up Beauty It's Time To Beast Other People's Computers Speak Softly / Carry a Big Stick A Penny Earned View My GitHub Profile Where I keep track of the progress of The Farmer Project, Wake Up Beauty It's Time To Beast, Other People's Computers, Speak Softly / Carry a Big Stick, and A Penny Earned - five projects that will probably last the next two years. Or so. SubscribeBuilt with ConvertKit The Farmer Project Why Did The Farmer Receive An Award? Because they were out standing in their field. I will be OUTSTANDING in my fields. Someone you immediately think of when you need someone to give a keynote about open source or databases or python or cloud computing or developer relations or mental health. Or someone you absolutely swoon about when you find out they’re giving the keynote at a conference you’re attending. It’s not as much that I will be internet famous as I will inspire, encourage, and empower the next generation of non-binary and queer people to join, shape, and revolutionise the tech industry. To that end, there are three projects that support this main project: Wake Up Beauty, it’s Time to Beast [Health], Other People’s Computers [Technical], and Speak Softly / Carry a Big Stick [Leadership]. Wake Up Beauty It’s Time To Beast The Health Project. Cause the other projects won’t happen if I’m physically or mentally Not Here™. Other People’s Computers The Technical Project. I will be an expert in the infrastructure, distributed systems, open source, python, cloud computing, and developer relations fields. And I will build something AMAZING. You know how people love ROOK for storage cause it just works? Or Zuul for making massive code integration smooth as silk? I will help build something that people love because it makes things BETTER. Speak Softly / Carry a Big Stick The Leadership Project. Not so much the accomplishment of a goal through the direction of assistants, but a focus on helping others and myself do the right thing by developing leadership skills like communication, time management, and project management. A Penny Earned The Finances Project. I have established a monthly budget habit, paid off all debts, have three months of emergency savings in the bank, have plenty of money for retirement at age sixty five, university savings accounts for all three minions, use savings and checking accounts to pay for things instead of credit cards and don’t stress about money anymore. Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist