Joomla Content Management System (CMS) - try it! It's free! Joomla!® About us Joomla Home What is Joomla? Benefits & Features Project & Leadership Trademark & Licensing The Joomla Foundation Support us Contribute Sponsor Partner Shop Download & Extend Downloads Extensions Languages Get a free site Get a domain Discover & Learn Documentation Training Certification Site Showcase Announcements Blogs Magazine Community & Support Community Portal Events User Groups Forum Service Providers Directory Volunteers Portal Vulnerable Extensions List Developer Resources Developer Network Security Centre Issue Tracker GitHub API Documentation Joomla! Framework Search Joomla! Download Launch HomeAbout Joomla!Benefits & FeaturesJoomla! 5NewsContributePress Enquiries The Flexible Platform Empowering Website Creators Joomla! is an award-winning content management system (CMS), which enables you to build web sites and powerful online applications. Download Joomla! Download Joomla! Download and Install Joomla! in your own server or development environment. Download Joomla! → Use launch.joomla.org Use Joomla! Spin up a free and fully functional Joomla website on launch.joomla.org. Launch Joomla! → Joomla! Training Learn Joomla! Learn how to manage a Joomla website with free video training classes. Learn Joomla! → Joomla! Announcements Joomla 5.0.3 and 4.4.3 Security and Bug Fix Release The Joomla! Project is pleased to announce the release of Joomla 5.0.3 and 4.4.3. This is a security and bug fix release for the 5.x and 4.x series of Joomla. Read more … Joomla! Joins Forces in the Open Website Alliance In an unprecedented move, Joomla, alongside other leading open-source content management systems including Drupal, TYPO3, and WordPress, has proudly co-founded the Open Website Alliance. This ground-breaking global, executive-level alliance symbolises a united front of international... Read more … Why Joomla? Hundreds of developers have been improving Joomla! since the first version was released in 2005. This immense effort has made Joomla! very popular, easy to use, stable and secure. Joomla! has thousands of free extensions and templates allowing you to customize your site to fit your specific needs. Learn more about Joomla! 5 Benefits & Features Search Engine Friendly Mobile Friendly Unlimited Design Multilingual Flexible & Fully Extensible Multi-User Permission Levels See benefits & features Announcements Development News Joomla! 5.1.0-Alpha 4 Security and Bug Fix Release February 20, 2024 by Phil Walton The Joomla Project is pleased to announce the availability of the first Joomla 5.1 Alpha 4 for testing. Make sure your extensions work with Joomla! 5.1.0 Alpha 3 January 23, 2024 by Phil Walton The Joomla Project is pleased to announce the availability of Joomla 5.1 Alpha3 for testing. Community News Joomla Group 2 Elections - Operations DC - Results 2024 March 4, 2024 by [DOT] marzo [AT] community [DOT] joomla [DOT] org (Luca Marzo We are happy to announce that the elections for the Operations Department Coordinator have been finalised. Read More … Joomla Group 2 Elections - Operations DC - Recommendations 2024 February 25, 2024 by [DOT] marzo [AT] community [DOT] joomla [DOT] org (Luca Marzo We are happy to announce that the nominations for the Operations Department Coordinator have been finalised. The following individuals have proposed... Team Reports Forum Meeting Feb 2024 February 26, 2024 by Olaf Offick Discussion about certain user's behaviour Discussion about ban of duplicate accounts Discussion about adding additional moderators Production Dept. Meeting - February 06, 2024 February 14, 2024 by Christiane Maier-Stadtherr Duration: 45 minutes. Attendees: Sigrid Gramlinger, (Department Coordinator), Benjamin Trenkle (Team Leader), Christiane Maier-Stadtherr (Team... Upcoming Events More events Joomla! Means Community Joomla! is the only major CMS that is built entirely by volunteers from all over the world. We have a strong community bond and all take pleasure in building something that has a large global impact. If you are interested in volunteering please head over to the volunteer portal. Get involved 141 +MillionDownloads 10 +ThousandExtensions &Templates 2 +MillionWeb Sites 1500 +Volunteers 550 +ThousandLines of Code 76Languages Our Sponsors & Partners Thanks to the following companies for their support of the Joomla Project Joomla Sponsors Sponsor us! Joomla Partners Stay up to date with the latest news and information about Joomla Subscribe to Joomla Newsletters Joomla! on Twitter Joomla! on Facebook Joomla! on YouTube Joomla! on LinkedIn Joomla! on Pinterest Joomla! on Instagram Joomla! on GitHub Home About Community Forum Extensions Services Docs Developer Shop Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Sponsor Joomla! with $5 Help Translate Report an Issue Log in © 2005 - 2024 Open Source Matters, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! Hosting by Rochen Close We have detected that you are using an ad blocker. The Joomla! Project relies on revenue from these advertisements so please consider disabling the ad blocker for this domain.