STEVEN HOLL ARCHITECTS Skip to content 中文 Steven Holl Architects Studio + Contact Ecological Resilience News + Events Idea + Phenomena Projects “The Kennedy Center demonstrates what accessibility and inclusion is supposed to look like. They surrounded themselves with a community of experts and asked the right questions and spent the time to get it right–and that is the very essence of what our Barrier-Free America Award is all about.” – Charles Brown, National President of Paralyzed Veterans of America Rubenstein Commons, the latest addition to the Institute for Advanced Study campus, is sited near the Institute’s flagship 1939 building Fuld Hall where Albert Einstein spent his last thinking years. “As a place for viewing art, and in terms of sheer sensational impact, the Kinder is a triumph. It is impressive by day or night, adroitly integrated into its site, and—best of all—designed with special consideration for the ease and comfort of its users.” – The Wall Street Journal Steven Holl Architects and Nagata Acoustics designed the 1300-seat concert hall for Ostrava’s Janáček Philharmonic Orchestra as a vineyard type plan with the highest acoustic standards and projection capabilities. University of Pennsylvania announces new Student Performing Arts Center designed by Steven Holl Architects 42 bird species observed at the Ex of IN House, Hudson Valley, according to surveys conducted by environmental non-profit organization, Hudsonia. Overlooking the Aegean Sea a new eco-reserve of small town clusters in a preserved landscape will be characterized by advanced technologies in sustainability, while also anchored in the poetic reverie of the site. The music building of the Lewis Center Arts Complex at Princeton University was developed according to the idea of ‘suspension’ with acoustically separated practice rooms for a resonant quality. The green roof and geothermal heating & cooling make the 3000-sf Archive the most ecological archive in New York. The LEED Gold Institute of Contemporary Art at VCU forms a gateway to the campus with an inviting sense of openness at the busiest intersection of Richmond. In London’s historic St. Bart’s Hospital, “Maggie’s Centre is a place for patients, carers and families providing practical support and psychological comfort. It’s a sanctuary in the midst of a cancer diagnosis.” – Dr Sarah Slater The geothermally heated and cooled Planar Villa residence overlooks the Hudson River. © 2023 Steven Holl Architects Search 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 (212) 629-7262