Cartoon Brew | Animation News, Animated Cartoons Toggle navigation Sign InMembership Manage Account Film TV Shorts Awards Tech VFX CG Animation VR/AR/MR Tools Biz Business Box Office Report Artist Rights Studios Cities Bay Area London Los Angeles Montreal New York City Vancouver Paris Toronto Country France Japan Canada UK Spain China Germany Ireland Mexico Charts & Data CALENDAR: 2024 Animated Movies Animation Industry Layoff Tracker Top 50 Most-Viewed Indie Youtube Shorts Search: Film TV Shorts Interviews Business VFX/Tech Artist Rights Box Office Festivals Basque Animation Is Booming Thanks To A Diverse And Eye-Catching Slate Of Film And TV Projects Spain’s Basque Country has produced animated fare that stands out at international markets, festivals, and awards ceremonies. By Cartoon Brew Connect Sponsored by Animation Mentor From The Classroom To The Silver Screen: Discover Animation Mentor’s Student Showcase & Alumni Legacy Cartoon Brew Pick Prepare For Spring With The Serene Animated Music Video “May Ninth” Feature Film ‘The Garfield Movie’ Trailer Offers First Listen To Chris Pratt, Samuel L. Jackson In Lead Roles Executives Sean Bailey, Who Spearheaded Disney’s Era Of Live-Action And Photorealistic Animation Adaptations, Is Leaving The Company Feature Film Watch The First Teaser For ‘MouMoush – The King Of Plastic,’ An Ecological Fantasy Feature With A Time-Traveling Twist – Exclusive Cartoon Brew Pick This Music Video Is Like A Neon-Soaked Nature Documentary From Another World Tools Google’s Genie AI Model Creates Video Game-Like Interactive Environments From Text And Image Prompts Latest Distribution Annecy, César-Winning Feature ‘Chicken For Linda!’ Will Get A Limited U.S. Theatrical Run Starting April 5 GKIDS is distributing the family feature from celebrated husband-and-wife filmmakers Chiara Malta and Sébastien Laudenbach. By Jamie Lang | 5 days ago Month in Review February’s Biggest Stories From The World Of Animation Many trends from January have carried over this month, with the main talking points among our readers being artificial intelligence, mass layoffs, and unionization. By Jamie Lang | 5 days ago Sponsored by Basque Audiovisual Basque Animation Is Booming Thanks To A Diverse And Eye-Catching Slate Of Film And TV Projects Spain’s Basque Country has produced animated fare that stands out at international markets, festivals, and awards ceremonies. By Cartoon Brew Connect | 17 hours ago Advertising McDonald’s Has Launched An Extravagant Anime-Themed Marketing Campaign, Including Four WcDonald’s Shorts From ‘Naruto’ Producer Pierrot McDonald’s has also introduced manga-themed packaging and will host a two-night anime-inspired dining experience in Los Angeles. By Jamie Lang | 5 days ago Artist Rights Electronic Arts Lays Off 5% Of Its Global Workforce As Part Of Second Major Restructuring In Two Years Eleven months after laying off roughly 800 workers, EA is letting go of another 670, canceling in-development games, and shuttering at least one studio. By Jamie Lang | 5 days ago Feature Film Five Notable Animation Additions Coming To Streaming Platforms In March 2024 Original animation titles are hard to find in March, as major streaming platforms fall back on catalog IPs. By Jamie Lang | 6 days ago Feature Film After The Fall Of The Iron Curtain, Three Young Hungarians Begin Forging European Train Tickets In The Animated Doc ‘Pelikan Blue’ Accomplished short filmmaker László Csáki’s joined us to discuss crafting his feature debut. By Jamie Lang | 6 days ago Executives Warner Bros. Pictures Animation Solidifies Leadership Structure with Two Hires, One Promotion Kim Mackey is the units new executive vp of production talent, Jessie Carbonaro its vp of production talent, and Susan Akinbola its vp of development. By Jamie Lang | 6 days ago Awards Annecy And MIFA Will Host A New VR And Games Showcase At This Year’s Festival By Jamie Lang | 6 days ago Cartoon Brew Pick Éva Darabos’ ‘Bye Little Block!’ Is A Surreal Farewell To The Apartment Block Where She Grew Up The short has screened at dozens of festivals since 2020, and is now available to watch online. By Jamie Lang | 7 days ago Artist Rights DNEG Montreal Becomes The Company’s Second Canadian VFX Outfit To Unionize IATSE organizers say that workers at DNEG Toronto have already filed for union certification and are waiting for the labor board confirmation. By Jamie Lang | 7 days ago Artist Rights Sony’s Playstation Laying Off 900 Workers, 8% Of Its Global Workforce Some of the company’s biggest studios will be affected, including Insomniac, Naughty Dog, and Guerilla. By Jamie Lang | 7 days ago Awards The Academy Has Created A Dedicated Animation Branch The Academy has split its short film and feature animation branch into two, and will give feature animation two spots on its board of governors. By Jamie Lang | 7 days ago RIP Kent Melton, Disney And Laika Maquette Maker, Dies At 68 By Jamie Lang | 1 week ago Feature Film It Took Nearly Two Years To Design The Hundreds Of Characters In ‘Across The Spider-Verse’ Kris Anka and Jesús Alonso Iglesias discuss some of the most memorable characters from the Oscar-nominated Spidey-sequel. By Jamie Lang | 1 week ago Awards ‘Chicken For Linda!’ Wins Best Animated Feature At France’s César Awards Chiara Malta and Sébastien Laudenbach’s latest feature topped stiff competition in ‘No Dogs or Italians Allowed’ and ‘Mars Express.’ By Jamie Lang | 1 week ago Awards 2024’s Animation Oscar Nominees Will Be Featured At The Academy Museum This Saturday Representatives from this year’s Oscar-nominated animated films will be in attendance for a pair of panels and screenings of the animated short nominees. By Jamie Lang | 1 week ago Anime U.S. Moviegoers Would Rather Watch ‘Demon Slayer’ TV Episodes Than American Films ‘Demon Slayer: Kimetsu No Yaiba – To the Hashira Training’ launched in second place as anime is becoming a constant presence on the U.S. box office charts. By Amid Amidi | 1 week ago Series First Look: Breakout Indie Hit ‘The Amazing Digital Circus’ Is Getting Nine More Episodes By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Politics Nowhere to Go But Up: Ukraine Animation Carries On Two Years After Russian Invasion Ukrainian artists and educators discuss the work they’re doing to keep the region’s animation sector alive in the face of terrible adversity. By Chris Robinson | 2 weeks ago Series Nickelodeon’s New ‘Fairly OddParents’ Series Will Debut This Spring With Original Cosmo And Wanda Voice Actors The show will debut on Nickelodeon in the U.S. this spring and on Netflix internationally later this year. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago More from Cartoon Brew About Cartoon Brew Staff Submit a Tip Comment Guidelines Contact us Advertise on Cartoon Brew Today ©2024 Cartoon Brew, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy 0