Help children living in poverty | World Vision Skip to content Stay on U.S. site Toggle Mobile Nav Basket (0) Donor's MyMy World Vision (Log In) Welcome, Donor Donor's My World Vision (Log In) Log In Sign Up My Account My Profile My Giving History My Payment Information My Commitments My Sponsored Children Email My Child Write Letter Messaging Center Resources & FAQ's Not Donor? Log out Home Search Submit DonateSponsor a Child Gift Catalog About Us Our Work Ways to Help News & Stories Partnerships Churches Schools Corporations Protect kids from threats like the global hunger crisis Over 45 million children are dangerously malnourished. sponsor a child DONATE NOW Protect kids from threats like the global hunger crisis Over 45 million children are dangerously malnourished. sponsor a child DONATE NOW Together we’re making progress Here are just a few highlights of our impact over the last several years.* Improved access to food 11,913,572 people reached with food assistance Increased access to emergency health and nutrition services 633,072 children treated for severe and moderate acute malnutrition Improved access to clean water, sanitation, and hygiene 2,207,286 people reached with access to clean water *Reporting as of September 2023 Our impact is significant Our partnerships and commitment to proven solutions set our response apart. World Vision is the World Food Programme’s largest food distribution partner. Over the last 10 years, 89% of the severely malnourished children we treated made a full recovery. World Vision is the leading non-governmental provider of clean water in the developing world. Three ways you can help fight global hunger We’re responding in 28 of the hardest-hit countries, aiming to reach 30 million people with life-saving aid through the largest humanitarian response in our history. Sponsor a child Your monthly donation of $39 can help a child in a hunger-affected country to build a stronger future through lasting access to essentials like: Nutritious food Clean water Healthcare Education and child protection Spiritual nurture sponsor a child Donate to our crisis response Your one-time donation or monthly support can provide life-saving resources for kids and families, including things like: Emergency food supplies Urgent treatment for severely malnourished children Training, resources, and access to clean water to help families grow their own food Education and support to help moms provide balanced meals donate now Pray to end global hunger Your prayers for kids and families affected by the global hunger crisis can work miracles. Please pray for: The millions of people facing food shortages and the threat of famine Children whose health is suffering due to malnutrition Kids to get the food they need to learn, grow, and thrive Our local staff and all those working in the toughest areas to respond to this crisis Pray now Real families are experiencing real hunger Displaced children are forced to weigh the odds of which life-threatening situation they will be subjected to. Sometimes the risk of going out to find food is too dangerous, but the risk of suffering malnutrition is just as worrying. “I don’t eat every day because my mother has no money.” Melvina, Central African Republic Conflict, economic shocks, rising costs, and lasting pandemic effects continue to drive food insecurity. Sometimes families are faced with impossible choices. “If you were starving and you knew that selling one of your kids could prevent the others from dying, would you do it?” Asuntha Charles, Middle East response director for World Vision Tens of millions of children and their families are currently confronted with the real-life impacts of acute hunger. “I feel deeply saddened by the number of children around me who are unable to attend school while struggling to secure their daily meals. For them, going to school is like a golden ticket.” Ei, Myanmar Edgar Sandoval Sr., president and CEO of World Vision, visits the hunger-impacted country of Kenya in July 2022. Hi, we’re World Vision. We’re a Christian humanitarian organization helping children, families, and their communities overcome poverty and injustice. High impact We keep costs down. In 2022, 89% of World Vision’s total operating expenses were used for programs that benefit children, families, and communities in need. Child focused and community based We tackle poverty at its roots. Our integrated approach includes water, healthcare, education, child protection, and income generation, so every child can grow into who God created them to be. Loving We serve alongside the poor and oppressed as a demonstration of God’s unconditional love for all people. World Vision serves every child we can, of any faith or none. News and Stories Prayers Peace on earth: Pray for people in conflict zones In times of emergencies and disasters, including the ongoing crisis in the Middle East, earthquakes in Afghanistan, and the war in Ukraine, children bear the heaviest burden. Join us in praying for places with critical humanitarian needs, where daily struggles for basic necessities affect children, families, and communities. Disaster ReliefEthiopiaArmeniaHaitiLebanonMyanmarSyriaVenezuelaMiddle EastUkraine From the Field What you need to know about the global water crisis in photos and videos The global water crisis is far-reaching, as 703 million people lack access to clean water. Explore this critical topic through powerful photos and videos captured by World Vision communicators, and learn how World Vision is responding. Clean Water StoriesAsiaEastern EuropeLatin America/CaribbeanMiddle East Special Features The sound of new dreams: Finishing the job in Rwanda Thirty years after the genocide against the Tutsi in Rwanda, a Rwandan family, once focused on survival, is able to dream again due to World Vision child sponsorship, a remarkable economic development program, and clean water near their home. Clean Water StoriesRwandaAfrica From the Field War in Ukraine: Displacement and refuge As the war in Ukraine enters another year, World Vision continues to bring global expertise in partnering to support children and their families whose lives have been disrupted since early 2022. Learn more about World Vision’s Child-Friendly Spaces and how they offer educational routine, emotional safety, and a social environment to focus on processing and healing from trauma and grief. Disaster ReliefGeorgiaMoldovaRomaniaEastern Europe World Vision Financial Accountability 8% Fundraising + 3% Management 89% Programs In 2023, 89% of World Vision's total operating expenses were used for programs that benefit children, families, and communities in need. Learn More every single penny counts we’re an open book we maximize your impact Donate About Us Media Center News & Stories My World Vision (Sign In) My Basket Careers Site Map Change Country/Region World Vision International REPORT A CONCERN 한국어 中文 Back to Top Connect 1.888.511.6548 World Vision P.O. Box 9716 Federal Way, WA 98063 Contact us Follow World Vision USA Facebook World Vision USA Instagram World Vision USA YouTube Featured Sponsorships: Africa Girls Boys Select a child for me We are proud to be reviewed and held accountable by these independent third-party organizations: Charity Navigator Better Business Bureau Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability GuideStar CharityWatch World Vision Inc. is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. All donations are tax deductible in full or in part. Security Privacy Notice Terms of Use © 2024 World Vision, Inc. All rights reserved.