CFA Institute We’re using cookies, but you can turn them off in Privacy Settings. Otherwise, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Accepting cookies does not mean that we are collecting personal data. Learn more in our Privacy Policy. Privacy Settings × We are aware that a phishing email claiming to be from the "CFA regulatory department" has been reported by several of our Members. If you receive it, please ignore and do not respond. Skip to Content Log In | Create an Account Account Search Menu CFA Program CFA Program CFA Program CFA Program Explore Career Paths Become a Charterholder Explore the Curriculum Exam Overview Exam Prep Providers Apply for a Scholarship Policies and Procedures Register Request Disability Accomodations Employer Benefits Impact Assessment of CFA Program in India Registered Candidate Resources Registered Candidate Resources Candidate Success Center Membership for CFA Program Candidates Learning & Events Learning & Events Certificates & Courses Climate Risk, Valuation, and Investing Certificate Certificate in ESG Investing Certificate in ESG Investing Exam Overview Policies and Procedures Register Registered Candidate Resources Request Disability Accommodations ESG Investing and Analysis Data Science For Investment Professionals Data Science For Investment Professionals Fintech Private Markets and Alternative Investments Certificate Investment Foundations® Certificate CIPM Program CIPM Program Earn the CIPM Designation Explore the Curriculum Exam Overview Apply for Scholarship Policies and Procedures Register Registered Candidate Resources Request Disability Accomodations Employer Benefits Webinars CFA Institute Conferences Podcasts Sponsorships Membership Membership Become a Member Become a Member Application Resources Member Benefits Membership Renewal Already a Member? Access Benefits Member Directory Volunteer Volunteer Volunteer Opportunities Career Resources Professional Learning Professional Learning Professional Learning Program Refresher Readings Resources for Professional Learning Societies Societies Find a Society Join a Society Society Leader Resources Research Challenge Research Challenge Get Involved Past Champions Student Resources Ethics & Professional Conduct Ethics & Professional Conduct Ethics for the Investment Management Profession Ethics for the Investment Management Profession Industry Codes and Standards Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct Ethical Decision Making Giving Voice to Values Professional Conduct Program Professional Conduct Program Disciplinary Process Professional Conduct Statement Report Misconduct Research & Policy Center Research & Policy Center Research & Policy Center Overview Research & Policy Center Overview Codes and Standards Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Code Financial Analysts Journal GIPS Standards Policy Research Research Foundation Go to Research & Policy Center About About Mission & Vision Governance Governance Leadership Annual Reports and 990s Committees & Councils CFA Institute Policies Professional Stories & Insights Press Room For Employers For Employers Why Hire a CFA Charterholder? For Students For Universities For Universities University Affiliation Program Resources for Professors Careers at CFA Institute Data Science for Investment Professionals Certificate Gain practical knowledge of data techniques and machine learning fundamentals, and how they are used in the investment process. Learn the skills of the future, today. Get Details Privacy Settings Functional cookies, which are necessary for basic site functionality like keeping you logged in, are always enabled. Allow analytics tracking. Analytics help us understand how the site is used, and which pages are the most popular. Read the Privacy Policy to learn how this information is used. Save Settings Close Modal CFA® Exam Enroll and Register for the CFA Exam New Certificate Private Markets and Alternative Investments New Certificate Investment Foundations® Certificate Complete the CFA Program 3 Exams Covering 10 topics and providing hands-on practical skills Earn the CFA Charter 4,000 HOURS WORK EXPERIENCE Completed in a minimum of 36 months Gain Global Recognition 162 MARKETS GLOBALLY The gold standard of investment credentials Join Investment Industry Leaders 190,000 ACTIVE CHARTERHOLDERS Investment professionals influence markets around the world 23 Jan 2024 New Research on Macroeconomic Exposures in Equity Portfolios Wins 2023 Graham and Dodd Award of Excellence 25 Jan 2024 CFA Institute Outlines Policy Recommendations for “Finfluencer” Social Media Content 14 Sep 2023 CFA Institute Launches New Private Markets and Alternative Investments Certificate New Certificate Data Science for Investment Professionals The Data Science for Investment Professionals Certificate provides you with practical knowledge of machine learning fundamentals and how they are used in the investment process. This certificate is designed to enable you to apply machine learning concepts to real-world investment problems and explain them clearly to a non-expert audience and clients. The content is hands-on application-oriented and includes instructional videos, coding labs, and case studies from industry practitioners. Master the language of tomorrow, today! Research Report CFA Institute Outlines Policy Recommendations for “Finfluencer” Social Media Content Research Report Gen Z and Investing: Social Media, Crypto, FOMO, and Family Research Report Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments Research Report Future of Work in Investment Management Sustainable Investing Certificate in ESG Investing Being able to incorporate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors into investment decisions and beyond is fast becoming essential. Our Certificate in ESG Investing provides the building blocks to meet this growing demand. With this core knowledge and skill set, you're able to not only better support your clients but also play a crucial role in prioritizing sustainability, ethical practices, and social responsibility. Start your sustainable investing journey today with this foundational certificate. Resources for Professional Learning Stay competitive in the investment management industry with our collection of Professional Learning resources — including virtual events, articles, podcasts, and more. Browse the Collection Contact Us Report Misconduct Careers at CFA Institute Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap © 2024 CFA Institute. All Rights Reserved. Log In Create an Account CFA Institute on LinkedIn CFA Institute on Facebook CFA Institute on Twitter CFA Institute on WeChat CFA Institute on Weibo