Allergy & Asthma Network | Breathe Better Together Español FREE Asthma Coach Weather Index Online Shop Donate Now Search for: Events Event Calendar Free Monthly Webinars Allergy Asthma Day on Capitol Hill Asthma Summit Global Food Allergy Summit Continuing Education News News Press Releases Webinars Asthma News Allergy News Eczema News Podcasts Research Research Intro Our Research Work Find a Study Work with Us Published Literature Get Involved in Research Patient Focused Drug Development Professionals Advocacy About Us About Us Meet Our Team Medical Advisors Board of Directors Get Involved Ways to Give Contact Us ASTHMA ASTHMA BASICS What is Asthma? Asthma Symptoms & Triggers Asthma Attack Asthma Diagnosis and Testing Severe Asthma ASTHMA MANAGEMENT Asthma Medication and Treatment Asthma Management and Control Asthma Action Plan Oral Corticosteroids (OCS) for Asthma MORE ASTHMA TOPICS Asthma and Exercise Asthma in Babies and Children Asthma and Pregnancy Vaping and Smoking with Asthma Lifestyle Changes to Manage Asthma ASTHMA RESOURCES Can’t Afford Asthma Medications? ALLERGIES ALLERGY BASICS Allergies Symptoms of Allergies Allergy Diagnosis and Testing How are Allergies Treated? Can’t Afford Allergy Medications? ALLERGY TRIGGERS Pollen Allergy Ragweed Allergy Grass Allergy Allergies to Dogs – Cats – Pets Allergy to Dust Mites ALLERGY TRIGGERS Mold Allergy Insect Allergy Cockroach and Mice Allergy Drug Allergy MORE ALLERGY TOPICS Hives Latex Allergy Eye Allergies Nasal Allergy, Rhinitis and Allergic Rhinitis Pregnancy and Allergies FOOD ALLERGIES Food Allergies Food Allergy Treatment & Management Living with Food Allergies Mental Health and Living with Food Allergies Food Insecurity in the USA Affording Allergen-Free Foods Food Allergies at School Peanut Allergy Treatment Alpha-Gal Meat Allergy Milk Allergy ANAPHYLAXIS Anaphylaxis What is Epinephrine What if I Can’t Afford Epinephrine ECZEMA What is Eczema Eczema Medication and Treatment Eczema Resources for Patients Coping with Eczema What is Moderate to Severe Eczema? SCHOOL Managing Asthma in School: A Guide for Parents Managing Asthma in School: A Guide for Schools Managing Allergies at School: A Guide for Parents Managing Allergies at School: A Guide for School Staff COVID-19 School Resources School Health Resources Learning Pathways: Info in Minutes HEALTH A to Z Latest Allergy & Asthma News Weather Index Asthma What is Asthma Asthma Symptoms & Triggers Asthma Medication and Treatment Asthma Action Plan Help Buying Asthma Meds Free Asthma Coach Program Allergies All About Allergies Allergy Symptoms & Triggers Allergy Treatment Help Buying Allergy Meds Food Allergies Food Allergies Food Allergy Treatment & Management Living with Food Allergies Affording Allergen-Free Foods Mental Health and Living with Food Allergies Anaphylaxis Everything Anaphylaxis All About Epinephrine Help Buying Epinephrine Anaphylaxis Updates Eczema What is Eczema Eczema Resources Health A to Z Featured Topics Biological Meds Chronic Urticaria Zone Eczema in Skin of Color EOS Asthma Allergies & Asthma at School Research Research Our Research Work Find a Study Work with Us Published Literature Advocacy Webinars Health Professionals Ways to Give About Us Breathe Better Together Allergy & Asthma Network unites and advocates on behalf of 60 million Americans with asthma, allergies and related conditions. ➤ What is Asthma?➤ All About Allergies➤ Anaphylaxis➤ Eczema / Atopic Dermatitis Bulletin Board What’s New at the Network AAN Receives NIH Sub-Award Allergy & Asthma Network and Blue Marble Health are collaborating on a new virtual asthma coaching platform, with funding support from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). AAN will use Blue Marble’s BREATHE virtual platform for asthma self-management education, with a focus on under-resourced communities. Affordable Asthma Inhalers CEO Lynda Mitchell recently spoke with The Lancet Respiratory Medicine about the U.S. Senate investigation into the cost of asthma inhalers. Ensuring access and affordability of medications is one of Allergy & Asthma Network’s key advocacy initiatives. “We support price caps on inhalers,” Lynda says, adding that AAN will monitor if there’s an impact on availability. Advancing Disparities Research Allergy & Asthma Network partnered with MITRE on the new Asthma Equity Explorer, a free web-based platform that disseminates data on asthma prevalence and disparities in the United States. Researchers and health professionals can examine how social determinants of health impact asthma outcomes on national, state and local levels. See Previous Announcements Allergy & Asthma In the News FDA Approves Xolair as First Treatment to Reduce Risk of Food Allergy Reactions Learn about a current research study looking into the use of a biologic, omalizumab to determine if it can aid food allergy oral immunotherapy (OIT). New Asthma Inhaler Combines Quick-Relief Albuterol and Corticosteroid A new medication supports treating asthma symptoms and inflamed airways in the short and long term using one inhaler device. Is There a Link Between Migraine Headaches, Asthma, and Allergies? Migraine is a very common neurological disease. It involves moderate to severe throbbing and... See More News Articles Advancing Nationwide Efforts to Engage, Educate & Empower At Allergy & Asthma Network, we are here to serve and support you. We work with national and local partners to train healthcare professionals and host events and screenings that reach people directly in their communities. We raise awareness and educate millions each year with easy-to-understand, medically reviewed resources in English and Spanish. We advocate at the federal and state levels to improve access to care and affordable medications. We work to ensure the patient voice is included in research and drug development. Your health and well-being are at the heart of our work. Our goal is to improve quality of life and achieve equitable and optimal health outcomes for adults and children living with these chronic conditions, especially those in underserved communities. Check out our Events Calendar for Webinars, Trusted Messengers Events, and other Allergy & Asthma Network supported events. Need help managing your asthma?Get a FREE Lung Coach ➤ Recent & Upcoming Webinars Food Allergy: Current Approaches Towards Individualized Management (New Webinar) May 2, 2024Free Webinar May 2, 2024 at 12 PM ET — Approximately 20 million Americans have food allergies learn about the current approaches of food allergy management. Insect and Venom Allergy: Diagnosis, Treatment and Preparedness (New Webinar) March 21, 2024Free Webinar March 21, 2024 at 12 PM ET – learn about how insect allergies are diagnosed and treated and how to be prepared for a potential allergic reaction. Spring Allergies and Asthma (New Webinar) March 14, 2024Join us for a free webinar: March 14th at 12 PM ET – Learn about ways that seasonal allergies may trigger asthma symptoms and how you can manage it. See More Webinars Podcasts How to Diagnose Mast Cell Disease Our podcast co-hosts Kortney Kwong Hing and Payel Gupta, MD, welcome allergist Joshua Milner, MD, to discuss the complexities of mast cell diagnosis. Podcast Interview with ACAAI President Gailen Marshall, MD In a special episode of our podcast series, ACAAI President Gailen Marshall, MD discusses what ACAAI does and why the organization matters to patients. ‘Symptoms and Triggers of Mast Cell Disease’ Podcast In this new podcast, Kortney Kwong Hing and Dr. Payel Gupta are joined by Anne Maitland, MD, to discuss symptoms and triggers of mast cell disease. See More Podcasts 10304 Eaton Place, Suite 100, Fairfax, VA 22030Phone: 800-878-4403 Sign up for Our Newsletter Get recent information and updates right in your inbox. We do not share or sell our email list. Thank you for signing up! First Name Last Name Email Subscribe Ways to Give Contact Us Media Sitemap FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Websites for Our Special Initiatives ©2024 Allergy & Asthma Network | All Rights Reserved| Privacy Policy| Accessibility Statement| Disclaimer We use cookies for various purposes including analytics and personalized marketing. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. I agree