Homepage - The National Aphasia Association Skip Links Resources For: Aphasia Caregivers Service Providers People with Aphasia Search Keyword Search Search X Provider Login Donate The National Aphasia Association Menu Close Keyword Search Search X What is Aphasia? Find Support Show submenu for Products/Services Provider Network Online Events Research Studies About Us Show submenu for Products/Services History, Mission and Leadership Contact Us Resources Show submenu for Products/Services Stories and News Camps and Programs Helpful Materials We advocate for people with aphasia and their families Aphasia is an acquired communication disorder that impairs a person's ability to process language, but does not affect intelligence. View Resources Learn More About Aphasia Aphasia Caregiver Guide What if there was a book that could guide you through caregiving for someone who has aphasia? It would cover every type of aphasia and be useful whether you're still in the hospital or living at home? It would help you with every aspect of your caregiving journey -- from ... Learn More The Latest Stories and News In the News NAA Statement about Wendy Williams diagnosis View More General Aphasia What Did the NAA Accomplish in 2023? View More General Aphasia Welcome to the New and Improved NAA Site View More View All We're here for you People with Aphasia We provide resources, programming and a sense of community for people with aphasia. Learn More Aphasia Caregivers We're here to help you as you care for loved ones with aphasia. We have specific resources and content for aphasia caregivers. Learn More Service Providers List your services with the aphasia community in our provider directory, post research studies aimed at the aphasia community, and connect with other service providers working with people with aphasia. Learn More Find Support Provider Directory Looking for a provider near you? Search our provider directory to find the right fit depending on your needs. Learn More Online Events Join our online events to connect with others with aphasia with similar interests, or to hear from experts about the latest in aphasia news and research. Learn More Research Studies Browse our list of research studies aimed at studying and serving those with aphasia. Learn More Camps & Programs Explore our list of aphasia camps and programs across the country. Learn More Support Our Work Fundraisers can be a great way to raise money for the NAA by reaching out to your own network and describing the importance of the NAA’s work in helping the aphasia community. They’re great options for life moments like birthdays or retirement. Start a Fundraiser More Ways to Help 2,000,000+ Americans are affected by the communication disorder Learn More and Receive the Latest Resources & Insights Email Submit The National Aphasia Association What is Aphasia? Find Support Provider Directory About Us Graphic Assets Financials Resources Helpful Materials Stories and News Sitemap © 2023 All Rights Reserved National Aphasia Association Privacy Policy