NYC Open Data - NYC Open Data WP Engine OpenData 311 Search all NYC.gov websites Menu Home Data About Overview Laws and Reports Dashboard Learn How To Join a Class Project Gallery Open Data Week Glossary FAQ Contact Us Sign In Home Open Data for All New Yorkers Open Data is free public data published by New York City agencies and other partners. Help us build Open Data Week 2024, or sign up for the NYC Open Data mailing list to find training opportunities and upcoming events. Search the NYC Open Data catalog Learn about the latest work behind NYC Open Data and read our 2023 Report How You Can Get Involved New to Open Data Learn what data is and how to get started with our How To. Data Veterans View details on Open Data APIs. Get in Touch Ask a question, leave a comment, or suggest a dataset to the NYC Open Data team. Dive into the Data If you already know what you’re looking for, you can browse our data catalog. Or, if you want to explore datasets that might be related to each other, try Data Clinic’s scout tool. See how creators are answering everyday questions with open data View Projects Discover NYC Data Datasets by Agency Search data by the City agency it comes from. Datasets by Category Search data by categories such as Business, Education, and Environment. New Datasets View recently published datasets on the data catalog. Popular Datasets View some of the most popular datasets on the data catalog. You are leaving the City of New York’s website. The City of New York does not imply approval of the listed destinations, warrant the accuracy of any information set out in those destinations, or endorse any opinions expressed therein or any goods or services offered thereby. Like NYC.gov, all other web sites operate under the auspices and at the direction of their respective owners who should be contacted directly with questions regarding the content of these sites. You will be redirected within 5 seconds, assuming the target server is available. City of New York. 2022 All Rights Reserved. NYC is a trademark and service mark of the City of New York. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. FAQ | Contact Us | For Open Data Coordinators | Designed by DoITT NYC Gov Lab & Studio