thesunchronicle.com | Your source for breaking and local news in Attleboro, North Attleboro, Mansfield, Norton, Plainville, Foxboro, Wrentham, Norfolk, Rehoboth and Seekonk Skip to main content Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Instagram Site search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home E-Edition News Local news Election Communities State Submit your news Business Obituaries Opinion Sports Local Sports Bruins Celtics Patriots Boston Red Sox Golf Features Events Stories Nostalgia Pet Day Puzzles Classifieds Want to Advertise? Place a Classified Ad Place an Announcement Media Kit/Rate Card Media Madness Customer Service Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Subscription Services Submission Forms Photo Reprints Print Services Subscribe Contact Us Site search Search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search E-Edition News Election Obituaries Opinion Sports Features Classifieds Customer Service Subscribe Latest E-Edition The Sun Chronicle Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Print Edition 40° Support local journalism. Subscribe today. Have something to sell? Place an ad with us. Get the picture with our photo reprints. Learn more. Take a look back in time with our Nostalgia section. North Attleboro's Webster Mill comes tumbling down 13 hrs ago NORTH ATTLEBORO — A good part of the old Webster Mill came down Monday, and with it a piece of the town’s industrial past. Local News FEMA to honor late North Attleboro firefighter for his work coordinating responses to major disasters, including 9/11 12 hrs ago NORTH ATTLEBORO — After leaving the local fire department, where he rose to the position of deputy chief, Scott Erickson went on to coordinate… Local News After a touch of spring, three rainstorms in forecast this week 13 hrs ago After a few dry and unseasonably warm days, this week is shaping up to be a washout. Local News Fundraiser established for Norfolk girl injured in Foxboro crash with ambulance 14 hrs ago FOXBORO — An online fundraiser has been launched to help pay for medical and other expenses for an 8-year-old girl hospitalized by a collision… Local News Foxboro Police plan proposes adding substations, hiking costs for Gillette services 14 hrs ago FOXBORO -- A strategic blueprint that charts a course for police operations and spending priorities over the next five years recommends, among… Local News Attleboro police confirm victim in fatal pedestrian accident was charged in 1987 with killing his wife 15 hrs ago ATTLEBORO — The 74-year-old man who died after being struck by a car on Pleasant Street over the weekend was charged with killing his wife ove… Local News Public input sought as Attleboro considers applying for 'cultural designation' from the state 15 hrs ago ATTLEBORO — The city is considering applying for a Cultural Council Designation from the Massachusetts Cultural Council. promotion Support local journalism. Subscribe today. promotion Have something to sell? Place an ad with us. promotion Get the picture with our photo reprints. Learn more. promotion Take a look back in time with our Nostalgia section. Trending Now Future of Macy's at Emerald Square in North Attleboro up in the air Man dies after being struck by vehicle in Attleboro Court records: Foxboro mom was reportedly three times legal limit for intoxication in crash with ambulance that seriously injured daughter Man faces multiple charges after allegedly taking child following domestic assault in Mansfield Boston man convicted of sex trafficking girls at Seekonk motels gets up to 80 years in prison Send us your news Submit your news and photos here Submit news Weekend Features Local News Vaccines: Then and Now; Once greeted as a savior during the years of polio, today some say they're controversial Updated Mar 3, 2024 When North Attleboro’s Paulette Copparini was 10, she and her siblings loved when the summer rains came. That was their cue to put on their ba… Local News Ukraine war continues to hit home in area two years later Feb 24, 2024 Attleboro City Council member Todd Kobus, a U.S. Army veteran, has a painting hanging up in his home that brings home the war in Ukraine, whic… More Local News Local News Reported coronavirus cases fall for seventh consecutive week in Attleboro area and state 16 hrs ago For the seventh consecutive week, coronavirus cases decreased statewide and locally in the w… Local News Dighton Air National Guard member pleads guilty to sharing military secrets online Updated 17 hrs ago DIGHTON — Local Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleaded guilty Monday … Local News Water main break shuts down service in Mansfield neighborhood for about four hours Mar 4, 2024 MANSFIELD — About two dozen homes were without water service for about four hours Sunday due… Local News Mail-ins boost percentage of voters in Attleboro area already casting their ballots for Tuesday's presidential primary election Mar 3, 2024 ATTLEBORO — By Friday, when early voting ended, the percentages for eight of the 10 communit… Local News Detours in place as partial demolition of old mill building in North Attleboro begins Updated Mar 4, 2024 NORTH ATTLEBORO — Detours around the old Webster Mill will be extended Monday morning as the… Latest e-Edition The Sun Chronicle 8 hrs ago Sports H.S. GIRLS BASKETBALL: Foxboro steamrolls Wilmington to reach Div. 3 Elite Eight H.S. INDOOR TRACK AND FIELD: Norton's Santos, Attleboro's Crawford lead area finishers at New England meet H.S. WRESTLING: Mansfield's Johnson places fourth among New England girls H.S. GIRLS HOCKEY: KP, Feehan sent packing in MIAA tournament Revolution drop home opener to Toronto FC Community Along the Way: Sign up for annual North Attleboro cleanup Sign up for annual North Attleboro cleanup Brief Water main break repaired in Mansfield Along the Way: Mansfield math students shine Mansfield students shine in math competition Briefs Resource fair Tuesday in Mansfield Along the Way: Bliss helping out Dana-Farber Bliss helping out Dana-Farber Along the Way: Don't forget: Soup for H.E.A.T. is Saturday Don’t forget: Soup for H.E.A.T. is Saturday More Community Obituaries Robert H. Silva, 81 Virginia King Culp, 95 Ronald 'Togo' Palagi, 81 Gerald G. Moothart, 94 Robert L. Proulx, 89 Marianna 'Marion' Davis, 91 More Obituaries Opinion Facts are facts: Vaccines saves lives North should have razed building long ago For many, abortion brings a life of regret and pain Our View: North turns a page Larry Ruark: What have we become? Wrentham officials: Please listen to yourselves Tipping the scales of justice in Trump's favor More Opinion Multimedia Portion of old Webster Mill in North Attleboro being demolished Mark Stockwell / The Sun Chronicle Portion of old Webster Mill in North Attleboro being demolished Attleboro's Winter Night Festival By Dave DeMelia/For The Sun Chronicle Attleboro's Winter Night Festival Ash Wednesday Mark Stockwell / The Sun Chronicle Ash Wednesday Snowy day in the Attleboro area Mark Stockwell / The Sun Chronicle Snowy day in the Attleboro area 'Say I love you': Local couples married 55 years and longer share their secrets to lasting love 'Say I love you': Local couples married 55 years and longer share their secrets to lasting love Business Regulator proposes capping credit card late fees at $8, latest in Biden's campaign against junk fees Stock market today: Wall Street inches lower as retailers post holiday numbers China's plans for 2024 prioritize technology, offer scant comfort for businesses and investors Target posts hefty fourth quarter profit but sales suggest Americans remain cautious on spending China sets an economic growth target of around 5% but acknowledges it will not be easy to achieve AI pervades everyday life with almost no oversight. States scramble to catch up Stock market today: Asian shares are mixed as China unveils 5% economic growth target for 2024 More Business State News AP Decision Notes: What to expect in Super Tuesday's presidential nominating contests JetBlue and Spirit are ending their $3.8 billion merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal Father pleads guilty to manslaughter in drowning death of son Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Black women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to leaking trove of classified military documents The CDC has relaxed COVID guidelines. Will schools and day cares follow suit? More State News Nostalgia Connection from the past sheds new light on moment in Plainville's history Attleboro High School Class of 1963 remembers classmates lost in memorial book created for 60th reunion Remember when? Then and now: Falk's Market becomes An Unlikely Story Remember When: Murray Church in Attleboro Mossberg made electric cars in Attleboro near turn of the century Seekonk looking for help from public to document town's lost landmarks More Nostalgia Nation / World The latest talks on Gaza have ended with no breakthrough, officials say. Ramadan is days away Ukraine claims it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones Thousands of Korean doctors face license suspensions as Seoul moves to prosecute strike leaders Gang rape of a tourist in India highlights its struggle to curb sexual violence against women Princess of Wales to appear in June for royal ceremony, first confirmed official duty since surgery Small plane crashes near Nashville interstate and 5 people aboard were killed, police say Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb More Nation / World Features The shirt worn by Colin Firth as water-soaked Mr. Darcy in 'Pride and Prejudice' is up for auction Taylor Swift steals the show at an Asian summit as Singapore defends exclusive Eras Tour stop Stella McCartney says sustainability doesn't have to sacrifice luxury in Beatles-filled Paris runway Do AI video-generators dream of San Pedro? Madonna among early adopters of AI's next wave Beloved author Kate DiCamillo talks writing and healing herself with new middle-grade novel 'Ferris' Q&A: Jimmy Kimmel is hosting the Oscars again. This time, it's an election year Sinead O'Connor's estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies More Features Odd News Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by UK police The Tower of London's new ravenmaster takes charge of the landmark's iconic flock Looking for a leap year lift? Check out this silly French newspaper that only publishes on Feb. 29 ‘Iron Man’ pilots race in jet suits against a backdrop of Dubai skyscrapers Cheers to being crooked again. Quirky English pub bulldozed after a fire to be rebuilt as it was At the Florida Man Games, big crowds cheer competitors evading police, wrestling over beer 'Totally cold' is not too cold for winter swimmers competing in a frozen Vermont lake More Odd News Online Features Health & Wellness advertorial Taking Care of Teeth Brings Families Peace of Mind 7 hrs ago Education advertorial 2024 is the year to modernize government services Brandpoint (BPT) 17 hrs ago Senior Living advertorial How to support your nutritional needs while taking weight loss medications Brandpoint (BPT) 17 hrs ago Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Instagram Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Features e-Edition Services Contact Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Place an Ad or Announcement Submit Your News Photo Reprints Print Services × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The Sun Chronicle 34 South Main Street, Attleboro, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.