Fit Cuffs - BFR Training - Effective Safe & Convenient Blood Flow Restriction Training From Prehab to Rehab Performance & Maintenance - One-Size-Fits-All ☰ ✕ Fit Cuffs ® Blood Flow Restriction Training HomeProductsBFR UnitFit Cuffs® BFR UnitBFR Unit – User ManualAll Things Fit CuffsHow to Use Fit CuffsLimb Occlusion Pressure (LOP Device)Access Training AppApp – ExplainedWhy Choose Fit CuffsReviews & User ExperienceFit Cuffs on YouTubeCollaborators & LinksKnowhow – Blood Flow RestrictionHow When & Why BFRBFR & Effects101 BFR Research PapersThe Complete BFR GuideBFR & Safety ConcernsBlood Flow Restriction (BFR) – BlogContactRefund and Returns PolicyBasketCheckout Fit Cuffs® Training App Fit Cuffs Effective Safe & Convenient Blood Flow Restriction Training From Prehab to Rehab Performance & Maintenance – One-Size-Fits-All 0 My Account Menu 0 My Account Home Products BFR Unit Fit Cuffs® BFR Unit BFR Unit – User Manual All Things Fit Cuffs How to Use Fit Cuffs Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP Device) Access Training App App – Explained Why Choose Fit Cuffs Reviews & User Experience Fit Cuffs on YouTube Collaborators & Links Knowhow – Blood Flow Restriction How When & Why BFR BFR & Effects 101 BFR Research Papers The Complete BFR Guide BFR & Safety Concerns Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) – Blog Contact Refund and Returns Policy Basket Checkout Search for: Fit Cuffs Home Check Our Latest Blog Post | BFR Unit | Auto-Adjust Pressure | Intervals | Settings Check Our Recent Blog Post | BFR Unit | Limb Occlusion Pressure | Arterial Occlusion Pressure | SET LOP Check Our Recent Blog Post | BFR Unit | How-To-Use series | Quick-Inflation | Calibration | Adjustments Check Our Recent Blog Post | BFR Unit | How-To-Use series | AutoAdjust Pressure | Upper Body Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | Semi-Regulate Pressure | Explained - Part 7 Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | Quick Inflation | Pressure Calibration - Part 6 Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | External Hub Setup & AutoAdjust - Part 5 Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | Auto Adjust | Lower Body/Leg - Part 4 Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | Deflation Function - Part 3 Check the Blog Post | BFR Unit | Auto Adjust Pressure - Part 2 Check Our Blog Post | BFR Unit | Features & Functions - Part 1 The Most Versatile BFR Product You Will Find⬆️ Check The Blog Post - Advances in Resistance Training with BFR Check The Blog Post - Successful THR Prehab & Rehab - Part 10/10 Check Our Blog Post - Early BFR Training Post Meniscus & Cartilage Repair Introducing The BFR Unit – Ships out from Denmark Now! Fit Cuffs BFR Unit – Revolutionising BFR Training with the most versatile product on the marked – Access the User Manual Here Shipping from Denmark Now! The BFR Unit is designed for optimal convenience & versatility, offering Auto-Adjusting, Semi-Adjusting, Automatic LOP features, and not at least 100% Backward Compatibility. Key Software Features of the BFR Unit: Separate BFR Training & Passive/Rest BFR Modes for swift accessibility – Video & Blog Post: Fit Cuffs® BFR Unit Unveiled Separate Lower & Upper Body Storage – Preferred settings is saved – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Auto Adjust Function | Lower Body/Leg Automatic Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP) Measurement Auto-Adjust Pressure – aka Autoregulation – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Auto Adjust Function | Unveiled Semi-Adjust Pressure – Adjust the pressure by pressing a button – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Semi-Regulate Pressure | Explained Set Timer & Intervals – Optional inter-set deflation to match any BFR protocol Quick Inflation – Allows operating the BFR Unit as a standard Pressure Gauge – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Quick Inflation | Pressure Calibration Pressure Calibration – Utilized when training without the BFR Unit attached – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Quick Inflation | Pressure Calibration Manual Pressure Adjustments – Check and fine-tune the pressure during inter-set rest periods Deflation – Assists in post-training cuff pressure release – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | Deflation Function | Unveiled Future software/Firmware updates will be possible via Bluetooth tech Key Hardware Features of the BFR Unit: Velcro-Coated Case – Attach the BFR Unit directly onto the cuffs (Featured on YouTube) when using Auto- or Semi-Adjusted Pressure modes Place the BFR Unit on the floor and exercise with the optional long tube Velcro-Coated 20,000mAh Power Bank – plugin the BFR Unit for uninterrupted charging during your training sessions – Video & Blog Post: BFR Unit | External Hub Setup & AutoAdjust Pressure 100% Backward Compatible – No need for additional cuff purchases To conserve battery, the BFR Unit and pressure gauges can be swapped interchangeably – Practical use case; Inflation via the pressure gauge then subsequently use the BFR Unit’s Auto-adjustment or Semi-adjustment features Exchangeable Lithium Battery Why Choose the BFR Unit for Rehabilitation and/or Performance Training? Precision BFR Therapy as State-Of-The-Art The most versatile BFR Product on the market Practical & User-Friendly Interface Customizable protocols available to suit your BFR protocols Effective, Safe & Convenient for Prehab, Rehab, Performance & Maintenance Speed limits – Specs relative to limb size & initial attachment pressure/compression: 0->100% Charge time | Average wall-plug/standard wall outlet: 1.5 hours Continuous use of 0.5-1.5 hours in AutoAdjust Pressure mode without charging Inflation time for Arm Cuffs 0🡒100 mmHg: 3-5 seconds Inflation time for Leg Cuffs 0🡒100 mmHg: 10-17 seconds Time to detect LOP for upper body: 30-45 seconds Time to detect LOP for lower body: 40-60 seconds Relevant for Returning Customers We are thrilled to offer an exclusive 20% discount to you and all our returning customers from 2023 for our State-Of-The-Art Fit Cuffs® BFR Unit. To access the just-released User Manual for the BFR Unit, visit fitcuffs.com/bfr-unit/ or scan the QR-code and use the password you have received via email. You can view the manual directly on the page (only PC and IOS), in a separate window or download it as a PDF. Your exclusive discount code is a combination of your 5-digit Order Number/order_id and the postcode used in your previous order, presented as “xxxxx-xxxx” If your postcode includes spaces, these should also be included in the following format: xxxxx-xxx xx. Please consider that each previous order is eligible for one coupon code only Order Fit Cuffs® BFR Unit Order Fit Cuffs® BFR Unit Complete Dedicated 20,000mAh Dual-Sided Velcro Attachment Read more Leg Cuffs V4.0 – Straight Design + Updated Velcro Attachment System This new cuff is specifically crafted for convenient Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) Training & exercise. Thoughtfully designed with a straight, streamlined profile and an improved Velcro fastening system, providing a secure and semi-flexible fit. Tailored for versatility, the one-size-fits-all design ensures that Leg Cuffs V4.0 caters to a diverse range of users for any healthcare setting. The upgraded Velcro fastening mechanism simplifies the attachment process, making it easy for both patients and therapists to incorporate these cuffs seamlessly into rehabilitation exercises. Built for resilience, these cuffs feature durable construction, promising longevity to withstand the demands of daily use. The industry-leading quick-connectors add a layer of control, allowing therapists to detach and re-attach to fine-tune restriction levels according to the unique needs of each patient. Experience the intersection of innovation and rehabilitation with Fit Cuffs Leg Cuffs V4.0. Simply setting a new standard in comfort and effectiveness. Elevate the potential of your rehabilitation sessions with these cuffs, designed to empower both therapists and patients on the path to recovery. Fits Thigh Sizes: 45-80 cm / 17.7-31.5 Inch Cuff Width: 10 cm / 4 Inch Thoroughly Specifications coming soon! Read more Arm Cuffs V4.0 – Standard width + Updated Velcro Attachment SystemUnleash the power of targeted Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) Training with the Arm Cuffs V4.0. Engineered for faster and more convenient deflation process compared to the Arm Cuffs V3.1. These cuffs feature a sleek, straight profile and an upgraded Velcro fastening system, ensuring a secure and flexible fit that enhances your BFR workout. Versatile by design, the one-size-fits-all approach makes Arm Cuffs V4.0 perfect for a diverse range of users in any healthcare setting. The improved Velcro fastening system simplifies attachment, making it seamless for both patients and therapists to integrate these cuffs into their BFR training routines. Built to endure, these cuffs boast a sturdy construction, promising longevity to withstand the daily demands of BFR workouts. Equipped with industry-leading metal quick-connectors, therapists have precise control, allowing them to effortlessly adjust restriction levels for optimal BFR benefits tailored to each patient. Experience the cutting-edge of BFR Training with Fit Cuffs Arm Cuffs V4.0, setting a new standard in both comfort and effectiveness. Elevate your BFR sessions with cuffs designed to redefine the BFR training experience for therapists and patients alike on the path to peak performance and recovery. Fits Arm Sizes: (20-50 cm / 7.9-20 Inch) Cuff Width: (7 cm / 2.75 Inch) Thoroughly Specifications coming soon! Read more The Leg Cuff V3.1 is contoured with an adjustable cone fit This variable-contour Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) cuff has a wide Velcro attachment area that allows for a custom contoured fit. To accommodate any thigh shape, simply change the placement of the velcro strap accordingly to optimize comfort and achieve equally distribution of pressure during BFR Training. So, no matter if You or Your clients have cone-shaped, slim or straight thighs You can attain this personalized snug fit – as always with our product selection, One-Size-Fits-All: Cuff width: 10.5 cm / 4.2 inch – Thigh circumference: 45-85 cm / 17.7-33.5 inch.For additional information read more via the blog: Cuff design features – May 21, 2023 &Marts 31, 2022. The Leg Cuffs V3 works perfectly in conjunction with the Bluetooth Device for assessment of Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP) and the “Calculate Pressure” module at training.fitcuffs.com. To accommodate both cone-tapered thighs and straight-cylindrical thighs, place the Velcro strap accordingly: Check the videos below to see more details: | Presentation of Leg Cuff V3.1 (Black & Blue) | Leg Cuff V3.1 | Right Version Attachment Read more The Arm Cuff V3.1 is designed for swift single-handed attachments This straight cuff is engineered with the scope of convenience by means of faster attachment time developed exclusively for occlusion training i.e., Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) Training. To achieve true One-Size-Fits-All, we designed an asymmetrical velcro mechanism, which makes it possible to fit an even larger range of arm sizes. The simple reverse fastening of the velcro strap is engineered for intuitive singles-handed attachments.You will find no internal stiffener elements within this cuff to accommodating all arm shapes, improve cuff flexibility, and lessen pressure fluctuations during exercise – as always with our product selection, One-Size-Fits-All: Cuff width: 7 cm / 2.7 inch – Arm circumference: 20-50 cm / 7.9-20 inch. The Arm Cuffs V3.1 works perfectly in conjunction with the Bluetooth Device for assessment of Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP) and the “Calculate Pressure” module at training.fitcuffs.com. Check the videos below: | Presentation of Arm Cuff V3.1 (Black & Blue) | Arm Cuff V3.1 | Right Version Attachment Read more The LOP Device (V1.1) is only used to assess Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP) and works with or without your phone The LOP Device & Bluetooth Device is primarily engineered for healthcare professionals, for valid, reliable, and swift assessment of Limb Occlusion Pressure (LOP) aka. Arterial Occlusion Pressure (AOP). But whether you are a physical therapist, chiropractor, personal trainer, strength & conditioning coach, or researcher it can be relevant to know your client’s LOP. The LOP Device has build-in LED display whereas the Bluetooth Device is controlled by an app on your phone or tablet, via standard Bluetooth tech. The Device can swiftly assess LOP as a convenient alternative to handheld Doppler ultrasound, though less time-consuming. That is without any prior training or education You can measure upper and lower body LOP in 30-120 seconds, respectively.The Bluetooth Device has undergone comprehensive comparative product testing externally at 3 different universities and research facilities (How the Device Works), which verifies its high validity and strong reliability compared to handheld Doppler ultrasound. Click here to read more about the LOP Device Read more The Arm Cuffs V2.1 are simple and cylindrical/straight that fits most individualsJust as the Arm Cuffs V2.1 the Leg Cuffs V2.1 are cylindrical/straight that fits most individuals 🔩Updates concerning Arm & Leg Cuffs V2.1: The backside material has undergone a major update. That is a new thicker TPU coated nylon that inhibit sliding of the cuff during exercise and seems to be extremely durable with almost infinite longevity. The Cu-logo rubber patches are mostly for the looks, but if you get your hands on these You will soon discover it simply makes attachment and particularly detachment of the cuffs more intuitive. 🔩Exclusive improvement for the Leg Cuff V2.1: To decrease pressure fluctuations during muscle contractions, we have implemented a more flexible internal core material. After testing several prototypes and researching on mechanical properties of different materials, we believe to have discovered a core material and thickness with an excellent blend of both stability, pliability and tensility. On the hand the Leg Cuff V2.1 simply feels more robust but also a bit softer to the touch. The air plug has been further reinforced by an external rubber patch with the black protruding logo. For additional information read more via the blog: Cuff design features – May 21, 2023 One-Size-Fits-All: Arm Cuff V2.1 width: 7cm / 2.7 inch – Arm circumference: 20-50 cm / 7.9-20 inch. Leg Cuff V2.1 width: 10 cm / 4 inch – Thigh circumference: 45-85 cm / 17.7-33.5 Inch.The V2.1 Cuffs works perfectly in conjunction with the LOP Devices for assessment of Limb Occlusion Pressure and the “Calculate Pressure” module at training.fitcuffs.com. Check the videos below: | Presentation of Arm Cuff V2.1 | Presentation of Leg Cuff V2.1 | Arm Cuff V2.1 | Right Version Attachment | Leg Cuff V2.1 | Left Version Attachment Read more Fit Manometer Wireless comes with the standard tube and long tube (2.2 meters) The wireless edition of the Fit Manometer (pressure gauge) features inflation, deflation, and assessment of pressure (mmHg) with the additional long tube, direct attachment, or standard tube length. This durable pressure gauge comes with the standard type of quick-connectors and works perfectly in conjunction with the rest of Fit Cuffs product collection. For cardiovascular exercises, and passive BFR It can be especially convenient to use the optional Long tube or Direct Attachment. The possibility of bilateral application is especially relevant for cycling with blood flow restriction (BFR-cycling), as this product allows for instant pressure readings and adjustments. So, this optional wireless edition has some obvious assets primarily for lower body BFR exercise: ✔Direct applications without the need for a tube ✔Exchangeable standard length surface-treated silicone tube with a male & female quick-connectors to operate all Cuffs and the LOP Devices ✔Exchangeable long (2.2 meter / 87 Inch) surface treated-silicone tube with a male & female quick-connectors to operate all Cuffs and the LOP Devices ✔Rotating gauge for easy bilateral applications ✔Swift pressure assessments during inter-set rest periods ✔Instant assessment of pressure fluctuations during exercise ✔Swift inter-set deflation and inflation of the Cuffs ✔Quick pressure adjustments during exercise ✔Push-button for rapid deflation of the Cuffs ✔Solid metal body and frame for extreme durability This product is also a great alternative in passive BFR modalities such as Ischemic PreConditioning (IPC), post-exercise recovery aka. Ischemic Post-Conditioning or to apply during periods of immobilization to attenuate muscle loss. Check the videos below for some relevant practical applications with the Wireless Pressure Gauge: Wireless Edition – Video 1 Wireless Edition – Video 2 Wireless Edition – Video 3 Wireless Edition – Video 4 Wireless Edition – Video 5 Wireless Edition – Video 6 Wireless Edition – Video 7 Wireless Edition – Video 8 Read more The standard edition of the pressure gauge is all you need to get started with Fit CuffsFit Manometer (Standard) is a combined pump and pressure gauge (mmHg). It comes with a rotating gauge for convenient left or right-handed use and works in conjunction with all Fit Cuffs products. ✔Standard length surface treated-silicone tube with a male quick-connector to operate all Cuffs and the LOP Devices ✔Adjustable rotating gauge for easy Left or right-handed use ✔Push-button for rapid deflation of the Cuffs ✔Solid metal body and frame for extreme durability Read more Our product selection is designed for Effective, Safe & Convenient Occlusion Training with the scope of optimal results from Prehab to Rehab Performance & Maintenance engineered with the highest possible quality standards! How To Use Fit Cuffs Bluetooth Device – LOP Web App Reviews Why Choose Fit Cuffs How When & Why BFR BFR Blog Products Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs | BFR Unit | Complete € 443 – € 647 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs | BFR Unit € 161 – € 362 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete | V4.0 Or V3.1 € 353 – € 376 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete V3.1 + LOP Device € 373 – € 409 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete | V4.0 Or V3.1 + LOP Device € 373 – € 409 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete V3.1 Hard Case € 353 – € 376 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Performance Lower V3.1 € 232 – € 255 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Performance Upper V3.1 € 192 – € 215 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Rehab Lower V3.1 € 141 – € 164 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Rehab Upper V4.0 Or V3.1 € 125 – € 147 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete x 2 € 557 – € 590 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete (One Size Fits All) € 309 – € 331 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Complete + LOP Device € 349 – € 385 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Performance Lower € 192 – € 215 Sale Product on sale Fit Cuffs – Rehab Lower € 127 – € 150 Complete BFR Guide The Complete Research-Based Guide For Blood Flow Restriction (BFR) Training Is BFR Safe? Read More About Precautions Relative & Absolute Contraindications 101 BFR Research Papers From Prehab to Rehab Performance & Maintenance Fit Cuffs Reviews At Trustpilot From Prehab to Read Or Write A Review At Trustpilot Effect of Blood Flow Restriction BFR Training Compared To Other Exercise Modalities Web App – Explained Thoroughly Description & Videos Of The Different Modules Youtube Check Our Hand-picked Videos From The Official Youtube Channel Contact Contact Us Directly By Email info@fitcuffs.com – Instagram – Facebook – LinkedIn 2016-2023 Fit Cuffs® All rights reserved© | Email: info@fitcuffs.com - Fit Cuffs ApS | Denmark - VAT: DK40616586 - Privacy Policy Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Proudly powered by Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website