Home - ACM SIGGRAPH Join a Chapter Hear From Us Contact Join SIGGRAPH About News Conferences Blog Organization Governance Chair’s Corner Committees Advisory Groups History Policies Bylaws Remembering Those We Have Lost Awards Steven Anson Coons Award Computer Graphics Achievement Award Significant New Researcher Award Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award Outstanding Service Award Distinguished Artist Award Practitioner Award Distinguished Educator Award ACM SIGGRAPH Academy Events Conferences Specialized Conferences ACM SIGGRAPH Underrepresented Communities Travel Grant Inside SIGGRAPH Chapters Find a Chapter Volunteering Member Profiles Member Benefits Publications International Resources SIGGRAPH 365 Education History Community Pioneers Early Career Development Digital Arts Community Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Research Career Development Join a Chapter Hear From Us Contact Us Join SIGGRAPH ACM SIGGRAPH Your global community for innovation and application The ACM SIGGRAPH community is a global nonprofit organization serving the evolution of computer graphics and interactive techniques. With thousands of members across the world, the researchers, artists, developers, filmmakers, scientists, and business professionals of ACM SIGGRAPH are building the future of digital art and interactive design. Join Us Conferences SIGGRAPH 2024 28 July – 1 AugustDenver, USA The Premier Conference & Exhibition on Computer Graphics & Interactive Techniques. SIGGRAPH Asia 2024 3-6 DecemberTokyo, Japan The 17th ACM SIGGRAPH Conference and Exhibition on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques in Asia. Latest News See All News Pioneering Interactive Art and Artists from the 1960s to 2000 Feb 20, 2024 | NewsCo-sponsored by the ACM SIGGRAPH Digital Arts Community and History Committee Moderated by Bonnie Mitchell and Myungin Lee SPARKS Event Date/Time: February 23, 2024 New York, USA Fri, Feb 23, 2024 at 12:00 noon EST Chicago, USA Fri, Feb 23, 2024 at 11:00 am CST Los... read more Call for Nominations for ACM SIGGRAPH Practitioner Career Development Chair Feb 15, 2024 | NewsThe Practitioner Career Development Chair will lead a committee that plans, develops, and facilitates activities that support the career development of practitioners working in industry and academia. The focus will be on how these activities relate to areas of... read more Call for Nominations for ACM SIGGRAPH Membership Chair Feb 15, 2024 | NewsThe Membership Committee was established to better serve the needs of our membership and our volunteers. It coordinates all ACM SIGGRAPH activities designed to benefit our members and explores new ways to enhance the value of membership. The Membership Committee will... read more Split-Lohmann Multifocal DisplaysYingsi Qin, Wei-Yu Chen, Matthew O’Toole, and Aswin C. Sankaranarayanan Read Research Article 3D Gaussian Splatting for Real-Time Radiance Field RenderingBernhard Kerbl, Georgios Kopanas, Thomas Leimkuehler, George Drettakis Read Research Article Differentiable Stripe Patterns for Inverse Design of Structured SurfacesJuan Sebastian Montes Maestre, Yinwei Du, Ronan Hinchet, Stelian Coros, Bernhard Thomaszewski Read Research Article Differentiable Optimal Control for Retargeting Motions onto Legged RobotsRuben Grandia, Farbod Farshidian, Espen Knoop, Christian Schumacher, Marco Hutter, and Moritz Bächer Read Research Article Featured Videos Visit YouTube Channel FollowFollowFollowFollow Join SIGGRAPH About Conferences Contact Us Privacy Policy Anti-Harassment Policy Reporting Unacceptable Behavior Affiliates © 2024 ACM SIGGRAPH Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent