Home | St. Mary's University | San Antonio, Texas St. Mary's University 1 Camino Santa Maria San Antonio, TX 78228 +1-210-436-3011 https://www.stmarytx.edu William Joseph Chaminade Skip to main content Resources For: Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Apply Visit Request Info Give Now  Search Submit Home About Calendar History Leadership Map Mission Rankings Academics Career Center Centers and Institutes Degrees and Programs Faculty Registrar Schools Support Admission Apply for Admission Financial Aid Graduate Military Orientation Tuition and Fees Visits Athletics Campus Life Student Housing and Amenities Spiritual Life Student Life Student Services Outreach Camps Counseling Service STEM Outreach Calling all admitted Rattlers! Be sure to complete your tasks before attending Zaragoza on Aug. 11–14. Get started We’d love to see you! Our spring visit opportunities and events are a great way for to experience life as a Rattler. visit campus Calling all admitted Rattlers! Registration for first-time undergraduate student orientation is now open. REGISTER NOW Visit campus APPLY TO ST. MARY’S EXPLORE PROGRAMS Excellence in Education Through small classes, close student-faculty relationships and an engaged community, teaching and learning flourish at St. Mary’s. We offer a variety of academic programs in humanities, sciences and business, and options to pursue graduate, doctoral and law degrees. Our students engage in learning and social opportunities through undergraduate research, internships and community engagement. Find Your Program Search Programs Search Bachelor’s Degrees Master’s Degrees Online Special Programs Certificate By The Numbers 2,283 Undergraduate and Graduate Students (Fall 2023) 11-to-1 Student-to-Faculty Ratio 75+ Academic Programs 13 Varsity Sports 90+ Student Organizations 135 Acre Campus 1852 St. Mary’s Founding Year 13 Residence Halls #1 San Antonio University for Veterans Honors and Rankings Without a doubt, my favorite thing about St. Mary’s is the family-like community that we have between students, staff and faculty. Leaving home for college was a big change but the amazing community we have on campus made that all worth it. Zane SmithFinance and Risk Management major WHAT MAKES ST. MARY’S UNIQUE Education Within Reach Nearly 98% of our first-year students are awarded scholarships upon admission. We help you plan to pay for college and make it affordable while keeping our quality top-notch. We work with our students and families to help them make the right financial decisions for them. FINANCIAL AID Tradition of Excellence All undergraduates take the St. Mary’s Core Curriculum, which broadens students’ knowledge and transforms their understanding of their place in the world and their social responsibilities. These courses also develop crucial skills employers seek, such as critical thinking and problem-solving. ACADEMICS Founded on Marianist Values Brothers of the Society of Mary (Marianists) brought Catholic education to San Antonio in 1852. St. Mary’s University committed itself to the Marianist ideals of academic excellence, ethical commitment and service to the community. SPIRITUAL LIFE Feel the Family Spirit St. Mary’s offers countless ways to get involved, have fun, meet lifelong friends and make the most of your student experience. Students experience a vibrant community atmosphere that encourages community engagement, undergraduate and graduate research, faculty mentoring and service learning. CAMPUS LIFE What’s Happening University News Feb 20, 2024 St. Mary’s draws policymakers, experts to address homelessness Feb 12, 2024 New conference room name will honor the Menglers Jan 30, 2024 St. Mary’s honors the 2024 Marianist Heritage Awards recipients Dec 13, 2023 St. Mary’s University appoints Winston Erevelles as its 14th president Dec 11, 2023 St. Mary’s Law launches the nation’s first master’s in special education advocacy Dec 7, 2023 St. Mary’s University joins National Science Foundation sustainability project More News Gold & Blue Wall Street Journal recognizes Economics professor for accurate 2023 predictions Forensic Science transfer student finds path to community impact Couple who met in Biology class celebrate 10 years together Magazine On Campus Mar 15 08:00 am Spring Break (March 11-15) Mar 22 05:00 pm Rattler Ring Ceremony Mar 28 08:00 am Forum on Entrepreneurship Series Mar 28 08:00 am Women's History Month 2024 Mar 28 04:00 pm Athletics - Faculty and Staff Appreciation Night Mar 31 08:00 am Palm Sunday and Holy Week Services Apr 2 06:00 pm Distinguished Alumni Dinner More events What’s Trending Back to top Request Info Visit Apply Give Now Compliance Directory Gateway HR Police Policies Privacy Reporting Webmail StMU Sites Campus Map Nondiscrimination / Title IX List of social media accounts © 2024 All rights reserved. Contact210-436-3011 One Camino Santa Maria, San Antonio, TX 78228. We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, and to enhance and customize content and targeted advertisements.Accept CookiesReject CookiesPrivacy Policy