Home | American Lung Association Skip to main content Donate Search Close MenuClose Call the Lung HelpLine Ask a Question Live Chat Shop Blog LUNG FORCE Help & Support Login Anonymous User> Search Search Translate Change Location HN Call the Lung HelpLine Ask a Question Live Chat Lung Health & Diseases Close Megamenu Lung Health & Diseases Lung Health & Wellness Protecting Your Lungs Vaccines Breathing Exercises How Lungs Work Lung Capacity and Aging Warning Signs of Lung Disease Lung Disease Lookup Asthma COPD COVID-19 Flu Lung Cancer Pneumonia Pulmonary Fibrosis View More Lung Procedures, Tests, & Treatments Lung Function Tests CT Scan Oxygen Therapy Pulmonary Rehabilitation View More Saved By The Scan Join the Patient & Caregiver Network Whether you are a patient living with lung disease or a caregiver, join the Patient & Caregiver Network for timely education, support and connection. Quit Smoking Close Megamenu Quit Smoking Smoking Facts Health Effects of Smoking Health Effects of Secondhand Smoke What's in a Cigarette? View More I Want To Quit Reasons to Quit Benefits of Quitting How to Quit Smoking View More Help Someone Quit How Do You Begin? Being There for the Long Run Reaching Out to a Friend Who Smokes Help Teens Quit What Teens Should Know Kids and Smoking INDEPTH View More E-Cigarettes and Vaping E-Cigarettes and Lung Health What's in an E-Cigarette The Impact of E-Cigarettes on the Lung View More Join Freedom From Smoking Options and Pricing Group Programs Facilitator Training End Youth Vaping Let's join together to end the youth vaping epidemic by supporting parents, schools and students. Clean Air Close Megamenu Clean Air Clean Air at Home How to Know if Your Air is Unhealthy Keep Pollution Out of Your Home Indoor Air Pollutants & Health Radon Cleaning Supplies and Household Chemicals Dust Mites and Dust View More Clean Air at School Tools for Schools & Districts Clean Air at Work What Makes Outdoor Air Unhealthy Ozone Particle Pollution Toxic Air Pollutants View More Clean Air Outdoors Air Quality Index Emergencies & Natural Disasters Wildfires Climate Change Electric Vehicles 10 Tips to Protect Yourself from Unhealthy Air Read our simple and effective tips for protecting you and your family from the dangers of air pollution. Research & Reports Close Megamenu Research & Reports About Our Research Research Partnerships Airways Clinical Research Centers Locations Research Outcomes Awards and Grants Opportunities Meet the Researchers Clinical Trials Find a Clinical Trial Trends in Lung Disease State of Lung Cancer Report Key Findings State Rankings State of the Air Report Key Findings Report Cards State of Tobacco Control Report Key Findings State Grades State of the Air Key Findings Our key findings add to the evidence that a changing climate is making it harder to protect human health. Policy & Advocacy Close Megamenu Policy & Advocacy Our Advocacy Victories Take Action Join the Lung Action Network Alerts & Petitions View More Public Policy Agenda Advocacy Archive Healthcare & Lung Disease Initiatives Asthma Policy & Advocacy Lung Cancer Policy & Advocacy Healthcare Policy & Advocacy Healthy Air Campaign About the Campaign Share Your Story Health Professionals for Clean Air and Climate Action View More Tobacco Initiatives Tobacco Cessation Smokefree Environments Tobacco Prevention View More State Legislated Actions on Tobacco Issues (SLATI) Become an Advocate Share your voice and advocate for policies that will save lives. Get Involved Close Megamenu Get Involved Ways to Give One-Time Gift Monthly Gift Tribute Gift Legacy Giving Giving Stock Shop & Give Back Vehicle Donation Program View More Sign Up for Email Shared Stories Share Your Story Become an Advocate Alerts & Petitions Join the Lung Action Network Become a Facilitator or Educator Volunteer Events Fight For Air Climb LUNG FORCE Walks/Runs Cycle for Air Galas & Social Events Education & Training DIY Fundraising Youth & Young Adults In Action Events Near You Get involved today by raising funds and awareness in your community. Donate Location: HN Update Shop Blog LUNG FORCE Help & Support Login Translate Our Vision Is a World Free of Lung Disease And we won't stop until we get there. Join us as we work to save lives by improving lung health, preventing lung disease, and creating a healthy world for all. Get Involved Make a Donation Close Expanded Hero Story ABOUT US Expand About Us Founded 120 years ago, the American Lung Association is the leading organization working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease through education, advocacy and research. Learn More EDUCATION Expand Health Education We provide resources to help countless individuals manage lung diseases, such as asthma, COPD, lung cancer and pulmonary fibrosis. We also help people overcome their addiction to tobacco products and live healthier lives. Learn More ADVOCACY Expand Federal & State Advocacy We support laws that put public health first. Policies that improve lung health, reduce tobacco use, protect us from secondhand smoke, and clean up air pollution. Join our network of advocates to make your voice heard. Learn more RESEARCH Expand Research Every year, we fund the best and the brightest in medical and scientific research to drive innovation, discover the unknown, and improve the lives of those living with lung disease. Learn more EVENTS Expand Local Events Do something healthy and fun with friends while supporting lung health and clean air. Walk, run, cycle, stair-climb a skyscraper, do yoga or raise a toast at a gala. Learn and connect at an educational event or expo. View Events Stair Climbing for Healthy Lungs Our popular Fight For Air Climb events are designed for every type of climber, from beginner to competitive. Spaces fill up quickly, so save your spot on the stairs today. Find Your Climb Current Initiatives and Updates Searching for lung disease cures, addressing the youth vaping epidemic, supporting laws that protect the air we all breathe—see how we work to save lives every day. Navigating Asthma Medication Changes Flovent, a common asthma medication, has been discontinued. Pediatric pulmonologist Dr. Christy Sadreameli shares tips to help patients navigate medication changes. Read more What to Do if You Get COVID-19 COVID-19 guidelines have changed. Here's what you should do if you test positive to take care of yourself and help stop the spread of disease to others. Read more Boosting Health for Children Our new report illustrates that a widespread transition to zero-emission transportation and electricity generation could prevent significant lung health illness and death in U.S. children. Read more Our Impact Our work directly touches more than 20 million individuals each year and supports millions of people with our pioneering model of education, advocacy and research. 0 CENTS 90 cents of every dollar goes to program services Learn More 90 CENTS 90 cents of every dollar goes to program services Every donation to the American Lung Association supports those affected by lung disease through our programs and services. 120 FUNDED 120 research grants funded through our research program Learn More 120 FUNDED 120 research grants funded through our research program Research is essential to improving the lives of all those affected by lung disease. Our trailblazing scientific research is the key to helping us achieve our mission of a world free of lung disease. 120 YEARS For nearly 120 years the American Lung Association has been the champion of lung health Learn More 120 YEARS For nearly 120 years the American Lung Association has been the champion of lung health We have come a long way since our founding in 1904, when we were devoted to curing tuberculosis. Now we are the trusted champions of all lung health topics. 25 Million $25 million commitment to end COVID-19 and defend against future respiratory viruses Learn More 25 Million $25 million commitment to end COVID-19 and defend against future respiratory viruses When COVID-19 emerged as a nationwide pandemic, we launched the COVID-19 Action Initiative. Guided by our three main pillars of education, advocacy and research, this bold initiative is committing $25M to end COVID-19 and stop other emerging respiratory viruses in their tracks. Close Expanded Impact Section Help Us Create a World Free of Lung Disease We are powered by everyday heroes and volunteers. Your support fuels our mission. Participate in an event, volunteer, become an advocate, or donate. Make a difference today. Get Involved Make a Donation Upcoming Events Get involved in your community and meet others who are passionate about lung health. Whether it's an athletic event, a local quit smoking group or an educational expo, there is something for everyone. Change Your Location See All Events Asthma Basics Workshop - National Mar 20, 2024 | Virtual Event View Details Asthma Basics Workshop - National Apr 17, 2024 | Virtual Event View Details Asthma Basics Workshop - National May 7, 2024 | Virtual Event View Details Asthma Basics Workshop - National May 15, 2024 | Virtual Event View Details Asthma Educator Institute Jun 4, 2024 - Jun 9, 2024 | Virtual Event Online View Details Asthma Basics Workshop - National Jun 18, 2024 | Virtual Event View Details Stand with LUNG FORCE to Defeat Lung Cancer Only a force of many can take on lung cancer—the #1 cancer killer in America. LUNG FORCE unites us to stand together and save lives. Learn about LUNG FORCE Join the Patient & Caregiver Network Your community is here to support you. Whether you’re a patient living with a chronic lung disease or a caregiver, join this network to get direct access to timely education, support, and connection. Join Today EACH Breath Blog Go past the headlines as experts, volunteers and staff illustrate the latest discoveries and nuances around healthy lungs and clean air in our award-winning blog. See More Articles Mar. 4, 2024 Finding Support When Living with Long COVID Read More Feb. 29, 2024 Legionnaires' Disease: Five Things You Need to Know About This Rare Illness Read More Feb. 28, 2024 The Unequal Burden of Asthma on the Black Community Read More You Stopped Smoking—Now Start Screening If you smoked, low-dose CT screening could save your life. Take the Saved By The Scan quiz to see if you should get screened for lung cancer. Take The Quiz Find Your Community The impact of lung disease can be devastating—and no one should have to face it alone. Find an in-person support group, connect with an expert online or over the phone, or join one of our online communities today. Find Support Ask the Lung HelpLine Show A Breath of Fresh Air in Your Inbox Join over 700,000 people who receive the latest news about lung health, including research, lung disease, air quality, quitting tobacco, inspiring stories and more! Sign Up For Newsletter Please leave this field empty GET UPDATES Please enter a valid email address Thank You! You will now receive email updates from the American Lung Association. Make a Donation Your tax-deductible donation funds lung disease and lung cancer research, new treatments, lung health education, and more. Make a Donation Become a Lung Health Insider Join over 700,000 people who receive the latest news about lung health, including research, lung disease, air quality, quitting tobacco, inspiring stories and more! Sign Up For Newsletter Please leave this field empty GET UPDATES Please enter a valid email address Thank you! You will now receive email updates from the American Lung Association. Asthma Basics Workshop - National , | Mar 20, 2024 Asthma Basics Workshop - National , | Apr 17, 2024 See All Events About Us About Us Mission, Impact, and History Our Leadership Scientific Advisors Patient Advisory Groups Financial Statements In the News Careers Diversity, Equity & Inclusion For Media For Media Media Experts Press Releases Get Involved Get Involved Events Volunteer Ways to Give Become an Advocate Share Your Story Sponsors & Supporters Professional Education Professional Education Training & Certification Get Health Education Materials Get Involved All Programs Signature Reports Signature Reports State of the Air State of Lung Cancer Report State of Tobacco Control Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube LinkedIn TikTok Contact Us Contact Us 1-800-LUNGUSA (1-800-586-4872) Submit a Question Spanish Resources Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube LinkedIn TikTok Terms of Use Policies Sitemap Privacy Policy Ethics Policy ©2024 American Lung Association. The American Lung Association is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization. Our Tax ID is: 13‑1632524. This website uses cookies to improve content delivery. Learn more Close Banner Back to Top Accessibility Skip to main content Select Your Location Select your location to view local American Lung Association events and news near you. Zip Code Or State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Update Location Change Language Lung HelpLine Talk to our lung health experts at the American Lung Association. Our service is free and we are here to help you. Call Our HelpLine 1-800-LUNG-USA (1-800-586-4872) Ask a Question Live Chat Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility