Lawyers. Leaders. UCLA School of Law. | UCLA Law logo-black logo-white pause pin phone website doublechevron email info quote minus plus play home chevron close menu arrow facebook instagram linkedin search twitter youtube Jump to Header Jump to Main Content Jump to Footer Go to Home Page Apply Give MyLaw Open Menu Search Site Search Keywords Search Site Search Keywords Academics Back Academics Programs Back Programs J.D Program LL.M Program Master of Legal Studies S.J.D Program Executive Education Curriculum Areas of Focus Experiential Program Back Experiential Program Law Clinic Courses Practicum Courses Simulation Courses Externships Clinical Teaching Fellowships Experiential Faculty Centers Journals Academic Calendar Admissions & Aid Back Admissions & Aid J.D. Admissions Back J.D. Admissions First-Year J.D. Applicants Early Decision Program Full Tuition Programs Joint Degree Programs Transfer Students Visiting Students Admissions Policy Class Profile Financial Aid Tuition & Fees Meet Us For Admitted Students Fee Waiver Frequently Asked Questions LL.M. Admissions Back LL.M. Admissions Tuition and Visa Information Scholarships & Financial Aid J.D. Transfer Option Events Contact Us Master of Legal Studies Admissions Back Master of Legal Studies Admissions Application Information Tuition & Scholarships M.L.S. Events Contact Us S.J.D Program Other Programs Back Other Programs Foreign Exchange Program Visiting Scholars & Researchers Financial Aid Overview Meet Us Back Meet Us Visit Campus Virtual Tour Inaccessible Faculty & Research Back Faculty & Research Faculty Profiles Recent Faculty Scholarship Faculty Books UCLA Law Leadership Life at UCLA Law Back Life at UCLA Law Student Organizations Living in LA Back Living in LA Undocumented Student Resources Housing Transportation Diversity & Inclusion Back Diversity & Inclusion Outreach Health & Wellness Back Health & Wellness Athletics, Recreation & Fitness Careers Back Careers Post-Graduate Outcomes For Employers For Students For Alumni Career Services Policies Office of Career Services Office of Public Interest Programs Office of Student Services Alumni & Giving Back Alumni & Giving Giving Back Giving Make a Gift Dean’s Circle Support Priorities Giving Campaigns Alumni News Back Alumni News Class Notes UCLA Law Awards Ways to Connect Back Ways to Connect Alumni Association UCLA Law Women LEAD Volunteer Opportunities Contact Us Events Back Events Reunions Alumni Services About UCLA Law Back About UCLA Law Fast Facts History Leadership News Back News Latest News In the Media Newsletters UCLA Law Magazine Office of Communications Events Library Back Library Library Hours Library Resources Access Policies Services Online Library Tour Library on MyLaw Library Bookplates Library Staff Directory Centers Careers MyLaw Lawyers. Leaders. UCLA Law Skip to Impact Stories section Pursue Your Passion Elite faculty. Innovative curriculum. Inclusive community. Endless opportunity. UCLA Law Master of Legal Studies Online MLS Degree now Available! Starting August 2024, UCLA Law will be accessible while located anywhere in the world. For the first time the MLS degree will be offered online, hybrid, or on campus. Start Here Business & Tax UCLA Law Professors Play Key Role in Landmark Puerto Rico Debt Deal In seeing through a debt deal that is among the largest restructurings in U.S. history, bankruptcy experts Daniel Bussel and Kenneth Klee provide pivotal counsel to a stricken island. Explore More Public Interest Public Interest Grads Make a Mark With Skadden Fellowships With nearly three dozen winners of what is among the most prestigious awards in public interest law, UCLA Law primes students for impact in America’s neediest communities. Explore More Entertainment Documentary Film Legal Clinic Shines at Sundance Students meet with clients, get an inside view of the deal-making process and receive a rousing ovation at the independent film industry's annual festival in Park City, Utah. Explore More Public Law Advancing Police Accountability Professor Joanna Schwartz's leading work on police misconduct and qualified immunity protections gains new resonance as tragic incidents spark protests and legislative action. Explore More Go to page 1 Go to page 2 Go to page 3 Go to page 4 Go to page 5 News All News Mar 01, 2024 Four UCLA Law professors clerked for the late Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. They gathered to talk about it. Read More Feb 27, 2024 ‘The Gold Dust Twins’: How two UCLA Law students made a historic connection Read More Feb 26, 2024 Angela Riley wins prestigious prize for indigenous cultural property scholarship Read More Areas of Focus Breadth and Depth Home to cutting-edge scholars and a rich mix of courses, clinical opportunities and extracurricular engagements, UCLA Law allows students to dive deep on areas ranging from constitutional law to critical race studies, and from corporate law to public interest law and policy. Explore all Areas Entertainment Law UCLA Law is consistently recognized as the nation's premier school for entertainment and media law. Environmental Law Our cutting-edge curriculum equips students to make a lasting difference in addressing environmental challenges. Human Rights Faculty with real-life experience lead students in the search for new solutions to the human rights crises of our time. International Law International legal authorities play an essential role in enforcing human rights in an increasingly connected world. Critical Race Studies As the first program of its kind in the nation, we prepare students for impactful careers in racial justice advocacy. Public Interest Law & Policy Our robust program provides the training and opportunities for students to become leaders in public service. Law & Economics Students learn to develop laws with the greatest possible efficiency and fairness across society. Indian Law From addressing the public policy concerns for Native peoples to repatriation and cultural resource protection, Indian law covers a variety of legal subjects and processes. Business & Tax Law Offering trailblazing education in transactional law, entrepreneurship, and hands-on business law training. Health Law From regulation of therapies to privacy of patients, healthcare law is one of the most dynamic areas of practice. Technology & the Law UCLA Law offers opportunities for students to dive into the disruptive impact of technology on law and society. Trial Advocacy From competitions to a strong curriculum, we offer comprehensive training for students. Law & Philosophy Explore the philosophical underpinnings of legal ethics with leading cross-disciplinary scholars and teachers. Law & Sexuality UCLA Law is a leader in scholarship at the intersection of law, policy, sexuality and gender identity. Constitutional & Public Law With renowned faculty, UCLA Law grounds students in the relationship between individuals and the U.S. government. Immigration Law UCLA Law resides in a hub of immigration law and policy and offers innovative courses on a range of pressing issues. Criminal Justice Students prepare for impactful careers through a rigorous curriculum that blends coursework with practical experiences. Intellectual Property Why IP? Because IP law ensures that authors and inventors have the resources they need to dream big and change the world. High-Impact Programs Centers of Excellence From Native American law to trial advocacy, and from environmental law to human rights, UCLA Law is home to top programs, centers and institutes that offer unique learning opportunities and a chance for students to make an impact while still in school. Students can earn specializations in several disciplines. Learn More Academic Programs Pursue Your Passion UCLA Law offers a J.D. program for those pursuing careers as lawyers and advocates, an LL.M.program for lawyers going deeper in their studies, an S.J.D. for those seeking a life in teaching and scholarship, a Master of Legal Studies for non-lawyers looking to enhance their professional skills, and an Executive Education program to help you elevate your career and expand your network. J.D. Program LL.M. Program M.L.S. Program S.J.D. Program Executive Education Events See All 03 06 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM UCLA Law, room 1314 Conflict and Resolution: An Irish Perspective RSVP today! Read More 03 07 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Zoom Webinar; RSVP for details M.L.S. Information and Application Tips Session Hear exclusive application tips from Assistant Dean Jason Fiske before the General application deadline on May 1st, 2024. Read More Apply Visit Meet Us About UCLA Law News Events Library ABA Required Disclosures Make a Gift UCLA Directory Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Accessibility Copyright Information Licensure & Certification Disclosures © Copyright 2024 The Regents of the University of California. UCLA School of Law. All Rights Reserved.