Roaring Run Resort – A quiet family oriented RV Camping Resort! Skip to content Roaring Run Resort Bill Pay Donate Map Bill Pay Donate Map Camp for Free RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact Menu RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact Roaring Run Resort Discover your home away from home at Roaring Run Resort, an all-inclusive family camping paradise nestled in Pennsylvania’s majestic Laurel Highlands wilderness. Claim Your 3 Day Pass Welcome to Pennsylvania's Premier Family Camping Resort Our resort offers a variety of accommodations, each thoughtfully designed to provide you with the ultimate camping experience. Whether you’re looking for a spacious RV site or , we have the perfect option to suit your style and needs. 200+ Wooded RV & Tent SitesOur 200+ RV sites blend the rustic charm of the Laurel Highlands with the comforts of modern camping, ensuring your outdoor experience is as relaxing as it is authentic. 6 Fully Equipped CabinsOur cabins are your perfect retreat after a day of exploring the Laurel Highlands. Each cabin is designed to blend rustic charm with modern amenities for a memorable stay. Explore, Unwind, ReconnectExplore the Laurel Highlands and enjoy our amenity-rich campground, crafting the perfect setting for a memorable family getaway. Free 3-Night Camping Pass Get your Free 3-Night Camping Pass now and start planning your next camping adventure with family-friendly amenities & pet-friendly sites. Camp for Free Don't miss out – secure your spot today! Roaring Run Resort4.2Based on 241 reviewsreview us onEverette Newman17:13 13 Oct 23Kelley Sexton10:49 03 Oct 23A Beautiful Campground, in the laurel highlands of Pennsylvania. The fall season was exquisite with the changing leaves, and the quiet surroundings.Bobbie Holland22:01 17 Aug 23Best park ever.sam losier21:50 11 Aug 23Great camp sites, plenty to do, Entertainment on weekends.Jamie Nezbeth00:46 20 Jul 23Love camping here with my family!!! The owner is really nice and everything is clean and well taken care of. We will come back!!!Michelle Gillen20:23 07 Apr 23Lovely campground in the Laurel Highlands. Fun activities every weekend. Friendly people throughout. Great pool, mini golf, shuffle board, cool clubhouse and camp store too!Keith Fabus00:53 08 Aug 22Great family environment. Alot of activities for kids and adults to do, very scenic area and close to some great food. The kids really enjoyed our stay, and all of the staff were friendly and helpful with questions. The store was nice and had everything you could need without all the extras that kids would have had me buy. We will be returning in the future.wrfabus21:53 27 May 19This was our first stay as resort members. Everywhere we went in the campground we were met with friendly smiles and greetings. The staff are all competent and always willing to help. The owners appear to be very hands on in every aspect of the resort and seem to be everywhere at once. Hearing about the continuing progress of the infrastructure of the resort and seeing parts of it makes you feel like it is going to be better as time goes by. This being a holiday weekend, 99% of the sites were filled, but not once did my wife or I feel "crowded in", and the activities and entertainment were appropriate for adults and children equally. In 30+ years of camping, the structure of rules, the staff attentiveness, and just a secure atmosphere made it the most relaxing 6 days we have stayed anywhere. So much so, that we are planning on going every other weekend to enjoy the atmosphere. Being our first time there, we did not know what to expect. We now know we made a great choice for a home resort. Escape to nature's all-inclusive paradise at Roaring Run Resort Olympic size swimming pool and wading pool Playground, mini golf, basketball court, game rooms Largest RV Sites in the Laurel Highlands Full events calendar for the entire family Multiple Bathhouses/Comfort Stations Country Store Make our pet-friendly campground resort your launchpad for creating Laurel Highlands adventure Adventure Awaits at Roaring Run Resort With so much to do just minutes outside the resort, make sure to book a stay long enough to experience it all! Tour Frank Lloyd Wright's iconic Kentucky Knob architectural work from the 1950s Ride ATVs on over 140 miles of designated trails at Mountain Ridge ATV Park Fish for trout, bass and panfish at Donegal Lake or Acme Dam Ski and snowboard at Hidden Valley or Seven Springs Mountain Resorts Visit Living Treasures Animal Park to see and interact with unique animals Kayak, hike trails, or white water raft at Ohiopyle State Park Claim Your 3 Day Pass Our Organized Events Run From Memorial Day Through Labor Day, Something Every Week! Memorial DayMemorial Day kicks off our seasonal events including live bands, bingo, candy bingo for the kids, water wars, crafts, patriotic events, member organized Steeler watch parties in our adult lodge, and much more! Wet & Wacky Water Wars!Fun for all ages, this event includes, organized team water wars and a DJ. Bring your BIGGEST soakers! Stars & Stripes Celebration!!July 4th week is our annual patriotic Stars & Stripes celebration with patriotic golf cart parades and live entertainment. REGATTA! Pool Party w/ DJ !!Join our exciting boat regatta with your homemade boat or cheer on skippers as they race across the pool, plus enjoy a resort-hosted pool party with a DJ. Fun for all ages! Escape to Roaring Run Resort, an all-inclusive natural paradise tucked within Pennsylvania's stunning Laurel Highlands region. Bill Pay Donate Map Bill Pay Donate Map Quick Links RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact About Our Membership Cost Get In Touch 194 Tannery RoadChampion PA 15622 jaycorl@reagan.com (724) 593-7837 Facebook Twitter Instagram © All Rights Reserved. Close RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact RV Sites Cabins Tent Camping Recreation Amenities About Contact Camp for Free Bill Pay Donate Map Bill Pay Donate Map 194 Tannery RoadChampion PA 15622 contact@mysite.com (724) 593-7837 Facebook Twitter Instagram