Jessica Hische - Home Normal Teen Girl Mode Swiss Mode Field Notes Mode Work Logos Writing & Teaching Writing Thoughts Speaking Teaching Helpful Things About Shop Menu Work Logos Writing & Teaching Writing Thoughts Speaking Teaching Helpful Things About Shop Search for: Jessica Hische is a lettering artist and author with a tendency to overshare and a penchant for procrastiworking. T he follow-up to New York Times Best-selling Tomorrow I’ll Be Brave is now available! While Brave encourages readers to enrich their own lives, Kind is all about helping others through big and small acts. The two books complement each other well—first we have to take care of ourselves and then we’ll have the energy, enthusiasm, and ability to help others. Like Brave, Tomorrow I’ll be Kind is filled with beautiful lettering and illustration, but with even more depth and richness. Read more about it here. ➽Order Now Most RecentAdvertisingMost RecentBooks & FilmMost RecentIdentityMost RecentEditorialMost RecentMiscellany I’m on the Internet I have a newsletter I know it sounds crazy, but somehow email will save us all from social media overload. Sign up for infrequent mailings about noteworthy professional and personal news, sales in my shop, new print & pin releases, design and lettering events, and so forth. Read / Listen Selected Interviews Design Matters with Debbie Millman Creative Pep Talk with Andy J. Miller Your Dreams, My Nightmares with Sam Weber KQED Art School with Farrin Abbott, KQED Like Knows Like by Bas Berkhout & Marije Kuiper The Great Discontent with Tina & Ryan Essmaker Communication Arts by Matthew Porter The Everygirl by Katy Hale Design Boom by Andy Butler Refinery 29 by A. Tafoya & J.C. Pang Rookie Mag by Dylan Rupert Additional Interviews Buy Letterpress Prints, Fonts, & More “The perfect gateway drug to the world of lettering and type.” Is there any greater thrill than a peek behind the curtain to see how a great magician’s tricks are really done? Jessica Hische provides that peek, and anyone who cares about drawing, lettering, or—dare I say—the power of the written word will be absolutely enthralled with what she reveals.— Michael Bierut, Partner at Pentagram Unlike most focused type and lettering books, Jessica covers a very broad range of topics in very approachable terms. From formal models of letter construction and serif structure all the way through software suggestions, vector drafting, and decorative shading. It functions as a perfect gateway drug to the world of lettering and type, building a solid foundation by addressing the biggest real-world issues. Plus, it’s just damn nice to look at.— Nick Sherman ➽Purchase Get in Touch Work Inquiries Contact Me The Office of Jessica Hische 316 15th Street Oakland, CA 94612 Jessica’s Client Email Helper! All work © Jessica Hische unless otherwise noted.