The Scottish Government - gov.scot Skip to main content Accessibility help Information We use cookies to collect anonymous data to help us improve your site browsing experience. Click 'Accept all cookies' to agree to all cookies that collect anonymous data. To only allow the cookies that make the site work, click 'Use essential cookies only.' Visit 'Set cookie preferences' to control specific cookies. Accept all cookies Use essential cookies only Set cookie preferences Your cookie preferences have been saved. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Menu About Topics News Publications Statistics and research Consultations Blogs Search Search About Topics News Publications Statistics and research Consultations Blogs The Scottish Government An independent Scotland's place in the world Paper sets out the Scottish Government’s vision for an independent Scotland in the world. Scottish Budget We have set out our spending and tax plans for 2024 to 2025. See: Scottish Budget. Programme for Government Our Programme for Government 2023 to 2024 sets out the actions we will take in the coming year. Cost of living support People in Scotland are being affected by the most severe economic crisis in a generation. Find out what help is available. Publications Local Government Finance Resources and Council Tax Reform: Joint Working Group minutes – December 2022 Money and tax Public sector 07 March 2024 Supplementary Adult Social Care Expenditure Data by Client Group (LFR SC): 2022-23 05 March 2024 Funding for Ukraine resettlement: letter to UK Government Housing Ukraine 05 March 2024 See all publications Consultations Disclosure (Scotland) Act 2020 - Accredited body fees and proposals for discounting in relation to the PVG Scheme Consultation Communities and third sector Public safety and emergencies Work and skills 05 March 2024 Investing in planning - resourcing Scotland's planning system consultation: impact assessments Building, planning and design 28 February 2024 Investing in planning - resourcing Scotland's planning system: consultation Building, planning and design 28 February 2024 See all consultations Topics Look for a policy using keywords or filtering by available topic areas. Keyword search Keyword Search Filter by topic Arts, culture and sport Building, planning and design Business, industry and innovation Children and families Communities and third sector Constitution and democracy Economy Education Energy Environment and climate change Equality and rights Farming and rural Health and social care Housing International Law and order Marine and fisheries Money and tax Public safety and emergencies Public sector Transport Work and skills Search policies See all topics News Get all the latest news from gov.scot Subscribe 05 March 2024 09:30 Local government expenditure and income in 2022-23 A National Statistics Publication. 04 March 2024 11:40 Scotland’s place in the world International engagement in an independent Scotland. 04 March 2024 10:30 Tackling gender-based violence Supporting schools to play their part. See all news Statistics and research Supplementary Adult Social Care Expenditure Data by Client Group (LFR SC): 2022-23 Statistics 05 March 2024 Scottish Local Government Finance Statistics 2022-23 Statistics 05 March 2024 Scottish local government finance statistics (SLGFS) 2020-21: workbooks Statistics 05 March 2024 See all Statistics and research About government First Minister As head of the Scottish Government, the First Minister is responsible for the overall development, implementation and presentation of the administration's policies and for promoting and representing Scotland at home and overseas. Read more about the First Minister How government works The Scottish Government is made up of: 1First Minister 9Cabinet Secretaries 18Other Ministers There is a problem Thanks for your feedback Was this helpful? Yes Your comments Your feedback helps us to improve this website. Do not give any personal information because we cannot reply to you directly. Send feedback No Choose a reason for your feedback Please select a reason It wasn't detailed enough It's hard to understand It's incorrect It needs updating There's a broken link It wasn't what I was looking for Other Your comments Your feedback helps us to improve this website. Do not give any personal information because we cannot reply to you directly. Send feedback Yes, but Choose a reason for your feedback Please select a reason It needs updating There's a spelling mistake It's hard to understand There's a broken link Other Your comments Your feedback helps us to improve this website. Do not give any personal information because we cannot reply to you directly. Send feedback Back to top Follow The Scottish Government Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube Instagram Accessibility Archive Contact Cookies Crown Copyright Jobs and vacancies Privacy All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except for graphic assets and where otherwise stated © Crown Copyright