University of Galway - University of Galway University of Galway Search Menu Courses Undergraduate CoursesPostgraduate Taught CoursesProfessional, Part-time and Evening CoursesPhDs and Research MastersOnline CoursesContinuing Professional Development (CPD)How to ApplyFees & FundingModes of StudyOpen DaysScholarships Courses Choosing a course is one of the most important decisions you'll ever make! View our courses and see what our students and lecturers have to say about the courses you are interested in at the links below. View Courses University Life Accommodation Advisory ServiceCampus ActivitiesStudent SupportStudy AbroadInternational OfficeMature StudentsStudents with DisabilitiesStudent Ambassador ProgrammeFor Parents and GuardiansAccess Student InformationLife in Galway University Life Each year more than 4,000 choose University of Galway as their University of choice. Find out what life at University of Galway is all about here. Read about life at University of Galway About University of Galway News & EventsStrategy 2020-2025JobsPressCois Coiribe (Publication)Contact UsUniversity LeadershipSustainability - National SDG ChampionGift ShopOpen DayMedtechJourney About University of Galway Since 1845, University of Galway has been sharing the highest quality teaching and research with Ireland and the world. Find out what makes our University so special – from our distinguished history to the latest news and campus developments. About University of Galway Colleges & Schools Adult Learning and Professional DevelopmentCollege of Arts, Social Sciences, & Celtic StudiesCollege of Business, Public Policy and LawCollege of Medicine, Nursing & Health SciencesCollege of Science and Engineering Colleges & Schools University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching across a range of key areas of expertise. Colleges and Schools Research & Innovation Research AreasPeopleFacilitiesResearch OfficeInnovation OfficeResearcher Development CentreResearch Community PortalResearch centres, institutes, and units Research & Innovation University of Galway’s vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our times. Overview Business & Industry Innovation OfficeCareer Development Centre (for Employers)Business Innovation CentreConference & Event Centre Guiding Breakthrough Research at University of Galway We explore and facilitate commercial opportunities for the research community at University of Galway, as well as facilitating industry partnership. Overview Alumni & Friends Latest NewsAlumni ServicesCois Coiribe Alumni AwardsReunionsFollow our Social ChannelsUpdate Your DetailsUpcoming Alumni EventsPrevious Alumni Events Alumni & Friends There are 128,000 University of Galway alumni worldwide. Stay connected to your alumni community! Join our social networks and update your details online. Overview Community Engagement About EngagementLearning with CommunityCommunity PartnershipsOutreachResearch with CommunitiesUniversity of Sanctuary Community Engagement At University of Galway, we believe that the best learning takes place when you apply what you learn in a real world context. That's why many of our courses include work placements or community projects. Real Learning Gateway Pages Prospective Students Current Students Visitors Ollscoil na Gaillimhe Quicklinks Ollscoil na Gaillimhe Library AA ANormal ALarger AHigh Contrast Students & Staff Students Registration Canvas Office 365 (Email) Student Registry Helpdesk Fees & Grants Exams Exam Timetables Library Academic Skills Hub Student Services Parking Student Volunteering Students' Union Staff Office 365 (Email) Financial System (Agresso) Academic Records Research Community Portal Human Resources Academic Terms Dates CELT Information Solutions & Services (IT Services) Buildings & Estates Service Desk Students Staff Colleges & Schools Home › University of Galway University of Galway Formerly known as National University of Ireland, Galway (aka NUI Galway / NUIG) Expand all   University of Galway Ranked Ireland's #1 university for sustainable development in the Times Higher Education World Rankings (THE), we're not just about excellence in teaching; we're about shaping a better world. Our commitment to sustainability is globally recognised, placing us 38th worldwide and in the Top 10 in Europe (THE). As a government SDG Champion and a leader in sustainability, we offer a learning environment that cares for you and our planet. University of Galway - For you. For tomorrow. Research University of Galway's vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our time. Read more Undergraduate Shaping the world and inspiring leaders since 1845. View any of our 50+ undergraduate degree courses. Read more Postgraduate University of Galway offers 200+ postgraduate courses including higher diplomas and masters degrees. Read more Key Facts #1 in Ireland for Sustainable Development (THE World Rankings) 38th worldwide for our commitment to sustainability. 10th in Europe 289 in the world according to QS World University Rankings 30 Ranked in the Top 30 most beautiful campuses in Europe 96% of our grads are working or in further study 6 months after graduating 80% of our courses have work placement and/ or study abroad opportunities 268m invested in new buildings and facilities on campus since 2010 70m University of Galway annually attracts over €70m in research income 122 Our university student body is made up of students from 122 countries 5 March 2024 Space research sheds new light on formation of planets An international team of astronomers has shed new light on the fascinating and complex process of planet formation. Using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope (ESO’s VLT) in Chile, researchers captured stunning images of more than 80 young stars and discs of dust and gas where planets are forming. The data has been published today in three papers in Astronomy & Astrophysics. The research represents one of the largest surveys ever of planet-forming discs, providing astronomers with a wealth of data and a treasure trove of imagery and unique insights to help unpick the mysteries of planet formation in different regions of our galaxy. Dr Christian Ginski, lecturer at the University of Galway and lead author of one of three new papers published, said: "This is really a shift in our field of study. We’ve gone from the intense study of individual star systems to this huge overview of entire star-forming regions. “We know there is a very diverse population of planets out there. Now we know there is a very diverse population of planetary nurseries. Our images help us to try and connect these two, and this will eventually tell us how different kinds of planets are forming. Once we know that we can begin to figure out how often we get something like our own solar system that has the conditions for life to emerge.” The team studied 86 stars across three different star-forming regions of the Milky Way galaxy: Taurus and Chamaeleon I, both around 600 light-years from Earth, and Orion, a gas-rich cloud about 1,300 light-years from us that is known to be the birthplace of several stars more massive than our Sun. The collection of new images showcases the extraordinary diversity of planet-forming discs in just three, relatively small, regions of our galaxy. Dr Ginski describes the imagery captured: “We could call these planetary nurseries - huge discs of gas and dust surrounding young stars. And in terms of the universe, these are in our backyard, as they are only 600-1,300 light years away. Our own Galaxy, the Milky Way, is roughly 80 times as extended. Some of these discs show huge spiral arms, presumably driven by the intricate ballet of orbiting planets.” The observations were gathered by a large international team, with scientists from more than 10 countries. To date more than 5,000 planets have been discovered orbiting stars other than our Sun, often within systems markedly different from our own solar system. To understand where and how this diversity arises, astronomers must observe the dust- and gas-rich discs that envelop young stars - the very cradles of planet formation. These are best found in huge gas clouds where the stars themselves are forming. Dr Ginski added: “We are looking at these young birth places of planets because we want to understand why we are finding so many planetary systems around distant stars that are extremely diverse in their architecture and, mostly, very different from our solar system. To find that answer we turn to the earliest phase of planet formation.” The international research team was able to glean several key insights from the imagery and dataset. In Orion they found that stars in groups of two or more were less likely to have large planet-forming discs. This is a significant result given that, unlike our Sun, most stars in our galaxy have companions. As well as this, some of the discs in this region have an asymmetric appearance, suggesting the possibility of massive planets embedded within them, which could be causing the discs to warp and become misaligned. Across all three star forming regions some imagery shows beautiful structures. Others appear smooth. Others are still interacting with the surrounding birth-cloud of their central star. In terms of the extraordinary diversity of the planet-formation, some of them are very extended - more than 100 times the distance between the Earth and Sun. In relative terms, some are tiny - maybe 20-30 times the distance between the Earth and Sun, which would be roughly be the orbit of Neptune, the outermost planet in our solar system. While planet-forming discs can extend for distances hundreds of times greater than the distance between Earth and the Sun, their location several hundreds of light-years from us makes them appear as tiny pinpricks in the night sky. To observe the discs, the team employed the sophisticated Spectro-Polarimetric High-contrast Exoplanet REsearch instrument (SPHERE) mounted on ESO’s VLT. SPHERE’s state-of-the-art extreme adaptive optics system corrects for the turbulent effects of Earth’s atmosphere, yielding crisp images of the discs. This meant the team were able to image discs around stars with masses as low as half the mass of the Sun, which are typically too faint for most other instruments available today. Additional data for the survey were obtained using the VLT’s X-shooter instrument, which allowed astronomers to determine how young and how massive the stars are. The Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA), in which ESO is a partner, on the other hand, helped the team understand more about the amount of dust surrounding some of the stars. Dr Ginski added: “The extreme technological advancement in telescopes and instruments over the last decade was really a key factor allowing us to carry out this research. It is amazing that Irish astronomers, as members of ESO, have access to some of the largest telescopes on Earth.” As technology advances, the team hopes to delve even deeper into the heart of planet-forming systems. The large 39-metre mirror of ESO’s forthcoming Extremely Large Telescope (ELT), for example, will enable the team to study the innermost regions around young stars, where rocky planets like our own might be forming. The University of Galway is directly contributing to the instrumentation of what will be the biggest telescope on the planet, allowing our astronomers privileged access once it is completed. Dr Ginski added: “Once we have the ELT, we will revisit some of the most remarkable systems we have now found in our studies and peer into the regions where future habitable planets will be forming. This will bring us one step closer to understand how life emerges in the Universe.” Ends Read more 4 March 2024 University of Galway’s Open Day features interactive and hands-on experiences University of Galway is inviting prospective students, parents, guidance counsellors and teachers to campus for the upcoming spring undergraduate open day. The open day, which takes place on Saturday, March 9, from 9am to 3pm, is a perfect opportunity for Leaving Certificate, Fifth Year and Transition Year students to gain valuable insights into the courses to study and the future careers that await them after graduation. With special interactive events, the open day offers hands-on experiences of some of the most innovative teaching and learning facilities. The University offers more than 60 internationally recognised undergraduate degree courses in areas such as Medicine, Nursing, Health Sciences, Arts, Science, Engineering, Business, Law and Hotel Management, and more than nine out of 10 of courses offer students a work placement and/or study abroad opportunity, ensuring graduates are workplace ready, and much sought after by employers at home and abroad. The open day is spread across five exhibition zones and the schedule includes a large programme of talks with more than 60 course, subject, career and student support talks on offer. A special feature of this open day will be exclusive access to some of the University’s most innovative teaching and learning facilities and hands-on experiences including: Future medical students and their parents will not want to miss the interactive tour of new world-class healthcare simulation facilities located in the Clinical Science Institute Building. The tour commences at 9:45am and the meeting point is outside the Red Zone. Registration is required at Stand 2 in the Red Zone in advance. The School of Law’s Moot Court will be open to visitors with five tours taking place on the day. The Moot Court is designed to replicate the experience of a real court hearing for our students. Places can be booked at the Law Stand in the Orange Zone on the day. The College of Science and Engineering are offering interactive zones for future students to explore pathways and courses from 9am to 3pm in the Green Zone (Engineering) and Purple Zone (Science and Computer Science). Visitors interested in physics can tour the physics laboratory teaching facilities at 12pm or 2pm. Places can be booked from 10am at the Physics Stand in the Purple Zone. Visitors are invited to join a Drama Masterclass, a practical drama workshop that gives a taste of the University’s degree in Drama, Theatre and Performance Studies. Places for the masterclass can be booked on the day at the Drama stand in the Orange Zone. There will also be two guided tours of the O’Donoghue Centre at 11:30am and 2pm. The meeting point is in the foyer of the O’Donoghue Centre in the blue zone. For a full campus experience, join one of our three guided campus tours. They leave from inside the Quadrangle building. Tours last approximately 1 hour and are hosted by our Student Ambassadors. The open day schedule includes a series of information that will help students and parents prepare for college life with talks on Student Life, Sport, and Study Abroad. The Access Centre will host sessions on alternative pathways, mature student supports and the QQI/FETAC/PLC entry route. Parents are invited to attend a Parents’ Talk taking place on at 11:30am with advice and guidance on how parents can support the progression to third level. Sarah Geraghty, Director of Student Recruitment and Outreach, highlighted the importance of providing students with opportunities to explore the campus and think about their future studies: “The aim of our open day is to give students a taste of college life and hopefully a sense of great possibility for their future university studies. University of Galway is ranked in the top 2% of universities globally and in the top 100 in Europe, in addition to being ranked 34th in the world and number one university in Ireland by the THE Impact Rankings for its efforts in progressing the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. Our lecturers, staff and students are looking forward to meeting future students to help them navigate their way through the many diverse and exciting study and career pathways that await them.” Advance registration is required, with further information and the full programme available at www.universityofgalway.ie/opendays, or by emailing opendays@universityofgalway.ie. Ends Read more 29 February 2024 University of Galway human rights expert elected chairperson of UN-backed refugee rights body Professor Siobhán Mullally has been elected chair of a newly-established body supported by the United Nations to enhance the protection and promotion of human rights of refugees and asylum-seekers. The Platform of Independent Experts on Refugee Rights (PIERR) was established by a group of UN and regional independent human rights experts in December 2023 and aims to better co-ordinate joint advocacy initiatives. Professor Mullally is Director of Irish Centre for Human Rights at University of Galway and UN Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children. Professor Mullally, said: “The platform is being launched at a time when persecution, conflict, violence, and human rights violations, have resulted in record numbers of people displaced and forced to seek protection. “At the same time, the rights of refugees and asylum seekers are increasingly threatened by a denial of the right to seek asylum. We are witnessing increasingly punitive measures adopted by states, collective expulsions, deprivation of liberty, limited access to asylum procedures, as well as hostility and xenophobia worldwide. “Against this background, it is urgent that we work together across international and regional human rights bodies, to mobilise the full potential of international law and the promised universality of human rights protections. “I hope that this global platform will be an effective advocate for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers, recognising the fundamental right to seek asylum, enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and a foundation of our shared responsibility to provide a place of refuge.” The platform is supported by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency. The expert panel includes Gehad Madi, UN Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants; Siobhán Mullally, UN Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children; Priya Gopalan (Chair-Rapporteur), Matthew Gillett (Vice-Chair on Communications), Ganna Yudkivska (Vice-Chair on Follow-Up), Miriam Estrada-Castillo, and Mumba Malila of the UN Working Group on arbitrary detention; Claude Heller, Chair of the UN Committee against torture; Selma Sassi-Safer, Commissioner and Special Rapporteur on refugees, asylum seekers, internally displaced persons and migrants in Africa of the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights; José Luis Caballero Ochoa, Commissioner and Rapporteur on the rights of migrants of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights. Ends Read more ◅ ▻ Leading Research Globally The purpose of our research and innovation is to advance the public good. Our people are creative in their thinking and collaborative in their approach. Our place is a distinct and vibrant region deeply connected internationally and open to the world. Read more. Prospective Students Browse our range of full time and part time undergraduate and postgraduate courses. Open Days Prospective International Students PhDs & Research Programmes Join the global Alumni network ◅ ▻ Manage Cookies Allow University of Galway to use Cookies for: Functionality: Your preferences: Analytics: Ads: Allow All Allow None Allow Selected Some features need cookies to work properly. Cookies also let us (a) remember your preferences, (b) collect anonymous usage statistics, and (c) see how well our online ads are working. No personal data is stored on these cookies but, under EU law, we still need to ask you this every 6 months. To learn more about our use of cookies, view our Privacy Policy. About University of Galway Founded in 1845, we've been inspiring students for over 175 years. University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching. CONTACT University of Galway, University Road, Galway, Ireland H91 TK33 T. +353 91 524411 Get Directions Send Us an Email Connect Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS © 2023 University of Galway. All Rights Reserved. Server AWS University of Galway is a registered charity. RCN 20002107 Disclaimer Privacy & Cookies Copyright Contact & Enquiries Accessibility