Home | Geography Realm Skip to content Menu Menu Geography Printables Geography Physical Geography Human Geography GIS What is GIS? GIS Articles GIS Tutorials GIS Jobs GIS Conferences Maps Contact About Latest Article Conservation Tech: Monitoring Humpback Whales Using Image Recognition March 4, 2024 Geography Basics Happywhale is a citizen science effort that uses AI to identify and track humpback whales. Read More GIS and Geospatial Technologies More Remote Sensing How Normalized Difference Water Index is Used to Map Flooding The Normalized Difference Water Index (NDWI) is a calculation used in remote sensing to monitor and measure the amount of moisture in vegetation and surface water bodies. Find Public GIS Data with Google’s Earth Engine Catalog A Review of the State of Crowdsourced Geospatial Data Using AI to Digitize Data From Scanned Maps How to Georeference a Map in QGIS Using GIS Data Maps and cartography More Maps and Cartography Latitude and Longitude Maps and Cartography Green View Index for QGIS Maps and Cartography Using Open GIS Data to Map Public Urban Green Spaces Categories Select Category Geography Basics GIS and Geospatial Technologies Human Geography Maps and Cartography Physical Geography Explore more More Geography Basics Measuring Greenland’s Ice Loss GIS Data A Review of the State of Crowdsourced Geospatial Data GIS Industry Using AI to Digitize Data From Scanned Maps GIS Learning How to Georeference a Map in QGIS Using GIS Data Spatial Analysis The Coastline Paradox: Why Measuring Coastlines isn’t that Simple Geomorphology What is England’s Highest Mountain? physical geography More Why Climate Change is Making Some Animals More Nocturnal Increase daytime heat linked to climate change is driving some wildlife to become more active at night. Individual Seabird Adaption to Climate Change Scientists tracked the migratory patterns of 145 seabirds to map how individual shearwaters are adapting to climate change. The Role of Secondary Forests in Reducing Atmospheric Carbon Secondary forests play an important role in carbon capture strategies aimed towards reducing atmospheric carbon. What is the Outlook for California’s Atmospheric Rivers? During the winter months, atmospheric rivers carry enormous amounts of water to the state of California. What is England’s Highest Mountain? Found at 978 metres (3,209 ft) above sea level, Scafell Pike is located in Lake District National Park in Cumbria. Human Geography More Using AI to Design Cities Researchers now are trying to use artificial intelligence techniques, including deep reinforcement learning, to design more efficient and sustainable urban spaces. Which Country Has the Most Time Zones? Find out which country has the most time zones and how many countries in the world have at least two time zones. © 2014 - 2024 geographyrealm.com | 2001 - 2023 GIslounge.com PRIVACY POLICY About Caitlin Dempsey Editor, Geography Realm1200 Franklin Mall # 524Santa Clara CA 95052 USA editor@geographyrealm.com GIS What is GIS? GIS Tutorials GIS Jobs Geography Physical Geography Human Geography Geography basics Maps and cartography Geography Realm Contact Copyright Policy Subscribe to our newsletter Search for: