Tico Times: Costa Rica Breaking News, Travel, Sports and More : Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Local News Latin America Weather Travel Sports Lifestyle Expat Living Art and Culture Coffee Science and Tech Classifieds Advertise with Us Search Tico TimesCOSTA RICA\'S LEADING ENGLISH LANGUAGE NEWSPAPER Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. No menu items! Sign in / Join Tico TimesSince 1956 Search COSTA RICA'S LEADING ENGLISH LANGUAGE NEWSPAPER Local News Latin America Weather Travel Sports Lifestyle Expat Living Art and Culture Coffee Science and Tech Classifieds Advertise with Us Top News Spanish Authorities Seize Cocaine Hidden in Costa Rican Coffee Shipment Honduras Confiscates Assets of Ex-Cop Linked to Drug Trafficking in US Costa Rica Enforces Wildlife Protection Decree for Power Line Installations Costa Rica Birding: Meet the Great Egret Brawl Ends with Migrant Shelter Fire in Panama Jungle Crime Spanish Authorities Seize Cocaine Hidden in Costa Rican Coffee Shipment Ileana Fernandez - March 5, 2024 Honduras Confiscates Assets of Ex-Cop Linked to Drug Trafficking in US March 4, 2024 Costa Rica Enforces Wildlife Protection Decree for Power Line Installations March 4, 2024 Costa Rica Birding: Meet the Great Egret March 4, 2024 Spanish Authorities Seize Cocaine Hidden in Costa Rican Coffee Shipment Ileana Fernandez - March 5, 2024 Spanish authorities announced the discovery of 419 kilograms of cocaine concealed within a shipment of coffee from Costa Rica. The illicit substance was uncovered during an inspection conducted by... Honduras Confiscates Assets of Ex-Cop Linked to Drug Trafficking in US AFP - March 4, 2024 The Honduran Prosecutor's Office confiscated eight properties and other assets from former police officer Mauricio Hernández Pineda, cousin of former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández, who is accused of... Costa Rica Enforces Wildlife Protection Decree for Power Line Installations Ileana Fernandez - March 4, 2024 In a significant move towards environmental conservation, a recent decree issued last January requires the nation's electric companies to conduct comprehensive technical and environmental assessments prior to the installation... Costa Rica Birding: Meet the Great Egret Vincent Losasso - March 4, 2024 Elegant is an adjective that means pleasingly graceful and attractive in appearance and manner. This is the perfect description for the focus of today’s article, the great egret. The great... Brawl Ends with Migrant Shelter Fire in Panama Jungle AFP - March 3, 2024 A dozen lightweight structures and some vehicles were set on fire this Saturday amid a brawl at a migrant shelter in Panama's Darién jungle that ended with 44 people... Costa Rica and NASA Unite Against Red Tides Tico Times - March 3, 2024 In a groundbreaking collaboration, Costa Rica has joined forces with NASA's PACE space mission, launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, United States. The Costa Rican Fishing Federation (FECOP) has... Why Driving Route 1 in Costa Rica Fills Me With Loathing Vincent Losasso - March 3, 2024 There aren’t many things that I truly hate. I hate maraschino cherries. When I was in second grade sitting at my grandmother’s kitchen table with an open jar of... Surfing Solidarity: Costa Rica’s Movement Against Illegal Instructing Tico Times - March 3, 2024 Surf instructors from various Costa Rican beaches have joined forces to advocate for the employment rights of local instructors, amid concerns over foreigners with irregular migratory status offering surf... Canada defeats Costa Rica 1-0 in extra time in Women’s Gold Cup quarterfinals AFP - March 3, 2024 Canada achieved a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Costa Rica in extra time of the quarterfinals of the first-ever Women's Gold Cup on Saturday. Evelyne Viens, a striker for Italian club... Costa Rica Readies for Gathering at Third Indigenous Games Tico Times - March 2, 2024 On Saturday, April 27, 2024, Costa Rica will host the eagerly anticipated Third Indigenous Games. They will be held on the Caribbean coast and are organized by a passionate... Online Real Estate Auction: “Alma de la Selva” – A Majestic Costa Rican Property Sponsored Post - March 2, 2024 Originally Listed for $2.4 Million, Now Selling at or Above a Minimum Bid of $999,000 Bidding Closes April 11th Gadsden, AL – JP King, a reputable leader in real estate auctions,... Tales of a 30-Something Divorcé Navigating Costa Rica Dating Don Mateo - March 2, 2024 For a brief couple of years back in the 90s, I was a single man living in Costa Rica. Recently divorced, still in my 30s, in excellent physical condition,... Costa Rica Confirms First Case of Screwworm Infection Tico Times - March 2, 2024 The Ministry of Health and SENASA have officially confirmed the first case of screwworm infection in a person within the country.According to reports, the individual, a resident of the... El Salvador’s Crackdown on Gender Ideology Draws Backlash AFP - March 2, 2024 The decision by Salvadoran President Nayib Bukele to eliminate "gender ideology" from schoolbooks and guides threatens to increase intolerance and sexual violence in this conservative country, according to women's... World Cup Heroes Highlight Argentina’s Squad to Face Costa Rica, El Salvador Tico Times - March 1, 2024 The star Lionel Messi heads the roster of the world champion Argentine national team that coach Lionel Scaloni announced this Friday for the upcoming March friendlies against Costa Rica... Costa Rican Companies Lead Effort to Restore Coral Reefs Tico Times - March 1, 2024 Several companies joined forces to implement a marine ecosystem restoration project in Punta Cacique, Guanacaste, which allowed the planting of 1,500 coral fragments, thanks to the support of 30... Cartel Boss Details Bribes to Honduran Leaders in US Trial AFP - March 1, 2024 "I was not going to kill my partner," drug lord says at trial of former Honduran president in US. "Killing my partner, whom I had bribed (for protection) was... Exposing the Truth Behind “Eco-Friendly” Land Development in Costa Rica Ryan Meczkowski - March 1, 2024 There is a special kind of satisfaction that comes with making a purchase and feeling like we’ve done something positive for the health of the planet. If we buy... UN Urges Costa Rica to End Migrant Smuggling Networks After Deadly Crash Tico Times - March 1, 2024 The United Nations (UN) urged Costa Rican authorities to put an end to migrant smuggling networks, due to the unfortunate situation that occurred with an Ecuadorian woman and a... Load more FacebookInstagramRSSTwitterYoutube YouTube -Weekly News Recap Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter * indicates required Email Address * Popular Articles Why Driving Route 1 in Costa Rica Fills Me With LoathingVincent Losasso - March 3, 2024 There aren’t many things that I truly hate. I hate maraschino cherries. When I was in second grade sitting... Online Real Estate Auction: “Alma de la Selva” – A Majestic Costa Rican PropertySponsored Post - March 2, 2024 Originally Listed for $2.4 Million, Now Selling at or Above a Minimum Bid of $999,000 Bidding Closes April 11th Gadsden, AL... Costa Rica Readies for Gathering at Third Indigenous GamesTico Times - March 2, 2024 On Saturday, April 27, 2024, Costa Rica will host the eagerly anticipated Third Indigenous Games. They will be held... Surfing Solidarity: Costa Rica’s Movement Against Illegal InstructingTico Times - March 3, 2024 Surf instructors from various Costa Rican beaches have joined forces to advocate for the employment rights of local instructors,... Load more Travel and Tourism Costa Rica Closes Down Tempisque River Bridge for Emergency RepairsIleana Fernandez - February 26, 2024 The iconic Tempisque River bridge, known locally as La Amistad, will be fully closed to all traffic starting Monday,... Costa Rica Court Ruling Halts Controversial Cahuita Development PlanTico Times - February 23, 2024 Environmental organizations have sounded the alarm following a significant ruling by the Constitutional Court on February 16. The court... Tarpon Land Lodge: Where Luxury Meets Nature’s Sanctuary in Costa RicaTico Times - February 22, 2024 Tarpon Land Lodge, located in Barra del Colorado, is the ideal spot for those seeking an unparalleled blend of... Load more Expat Living Tales of a 30-Something Divorcé Navigating Costa Rica DatingDon Mateo - March 2, 2024 For a brief couple of years back in the 90s, I was a single man living in Costa Rica.... 20 Things I Do Living in Costa Rica That I’d Never Do in the USADon Mateo - February 27, 2024 After more than three decades living in Costa Rica, I still think back to my life stateside, and how... Costa Rica’s Traffic Worsens Due to Daily Small CollisionsIleana Fernandez - February 23, 2024 Traffic in Costa Rica has worsened recently due to construction work, lack of planning by authorities, and limited or... Load more Latin America News Honduras Confiscates Assets of Ex-Cop Linked to Drug Trafficking in US AFP - March 4, 2024 The Honduran Prosecutor's Office confiscated eight properties and other assets from former police officer Mauricio Hernández Pineda, cousin of former Honduran President Juan Orlando... Brawl Ends with Migrant Shelter Fire in Panama Jungle AFP - March 3, 2024 A dozen lightweight structures and some vehicles were set on fire this Saturday amid a brawl at a migrant shelter in Panama's Darién jungle... El Salvador’s Crackdown on Gender Ideology Draws Backlash AFP - March 2, 2024 The decision by Salvadoran President Nayib Bukele to eliminate "gender ideology" from schoolbooks and guides threatens to increase intolerance and sexual violence in this... Load more Arts and Culture Costa Rica Readies for Gathering at Third Indigenous Games Tico Times - March 2, 2024 On Saturday, April 27, 2024, Costa Rica will host the eagerly anticipated Third Indigenous Games. They will be held on the Caribbean coast and... Miss Universe to Visit Costa Rica Amid Nicaraguan Regime Backlash Tico Times - February 23, 2024 Sheynnis Palacios, Miss Universe 2023, is set to make her first visit to Costa Rica on February 27th at 9:30 am. Palacios's visit to... Murals Celebrate Honduran Culture in New Tegucigalpa Open Air Gallery AFP - February 8, 2024 Colorful murals of characters that reflect the country's social and cultural life adorn the Honduran capital, a kind of open-air gallery with works by... Load more Environment and Wildlife Costa Rica Enforces Wildlife Protection Decree for Power Line Installations Ileana Fernandez - March 4, 2024 In a significant move towards environmental conservation, a recent decree issued last January requires the nation's electric companies to conduct comprehensive technical and environmental... Costa Rica Birding: Meet the Great Egret Vincent Losasso - March 4, 2024 Elegant is an adjective that means pleasingly graceful and attractive in appearance and manner. This is the perfect description for the focus of today’s... Costa Rica and NASA Unite Against Red Tides Tico Times - March 3, 2024 In a groundbreaking collaboration, Costa Rica has joined forces with NASA's PACE space mission, launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, United States. The Costa... Load more Tico Times © 2024 The Tico Times FacebookFacebookInstagramInstagramRSSRSSTwitterTwitterYoutubeYoutube Services Classifieds Advertise Write For Us RSS Feed Archives Support About Us Donate Privacy Terms of Service