Kyodo News+ | Japan's leading news agency. ENGLISH 简体中文 繁體中文 日本語 Latest Japan Visual Stories Travel/Tourism World Sports Feature Arts Podcast About us Top News Super Tuesday voting, key point in U.S. presidential race, under way The most critical voting day of the 2024 U.S. presidential primary calendar, which sees nominating contests in over a dozen states, got under way Tuesday, with Donald Trump hoping to make clear that he is the Republican's pick to face off against his Democratic successor Joe Biden in November. On what is known as Super Tuesday, about a third of all delegates are at stake in both the Democratic and Republican contests. So far, Trump is the overwhelming front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination. Nikki Haley, a former South Carolina governor who served as U.N. ambassador under Trump, has no clear path to overtake him and is facing pressure from an increasing number of Republicans to drop out. Former U.S. President Donald Trump gives a speech at his Mar-a-Lago estate on March 4, 2024, in Florida. (AP/Kyodo) Haley defeated Trump in the U.S. capital Washington on Sunday, not only winning a nomination race for the first time but also becoming the first woman to win a Republican primary in U.S. history. But Haley is facing an uphill battle to succeed on Super Tuesday, during which 15 states, including populous California and Texas, and one territory are holding nominating contests for the Nov. 5 general election. Citing polls showing a majority of voters want an option other than a choice between the 77-year-old Trump and the 81-year-old Biden, Haley, 52, has repeatedly said the United States needs a younger leader, but she has failed to garner enough support from Republicans. Despite 91 criminal charges against him, Trump is also leading Biden in head-to-head races in some national polls and key battleground states. Super Tuesday comes a day after the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled that Trump can remain on 2024 presidential primary ballots, reversing a decision by the state of Colorado's highest court to disqualify him over his involvement in the Jan. 6, 2021, mob attack on the Capitol. The ruling gave Trump a significant legal victory, removing a potential hurdle for his bid to return to the White House. Besides California and Texas, Republican nominating contests will be held in Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia and the U.S. territory of American Samoa. At the Republican Party's national convention in July, a candidate will need at least 1,215 of the 2,429 delegates up for grabs to win its presidential nomination. Biden, the oldest U.S. president ever elected, is all but certain to clinch the Democratic Party's nomination, although worries over his age persist. In late February, his doctor said an annual physical examination found no new concerns, describing the president as a "healthy, active, robust 81-year-old male." Related coverage: U.S. Supreme Court keeps Trump on presidential primary ballots Trump is not isolationist, former U.S. envoy to Japan believes Biden found to be healthy in annual physical exam amid age concern Kyodo News Digest: March 5, 2024 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS China aims for around 5% GDP growth in 2024 amid property crisis Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Rina Gonoi attends White House ceremony for women of courage award Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Uber Eats to start robot deliveries in central Tokyo from March 6 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Swimming: Olympic schedule change benefiting French star questioned Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Editor's pick All, Japan Japan clarifies special criteria used in deportation decisions Japan's immigration agency on Tuesday released more detailed guidelines that allow the justice minister to grant special residence permission to foreign nationals who are facing deportation, clarifying the factors the minister considers when making a decision. The minister has the authority to allow individuals to remain in the country after reviewing positive and negative factors. Although published guidelines exist, the ministry has provided more specifics to improve transparency, but said its process is unchanged. Photo taken on Dec. 20, 2021, shows the Ministry of Justice in Tokyo. (Kyodo) In the latest guidelines, the Immigration Services Agency newly details "positive elements" considered, such as the extent to which an individual has integrated into and contributes to their community or if they have had a child or children enrolled in the Japanese school system for an extended period. "Negative elements" include an assessment based on how long they have overstayed their visa, their failure to meet the conditions of their release from detention, and whether they have repeatedly caused a public nuisance in their community. Justice Minister Ryuji Koizumi said the ministry intends to "improve transparency by increasing the number of (available) example criteria." The guidelines were reviewed after the decision was made to create an application-based system for requesting special residence permission under the revised Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Law, which the Diet passed in June, and its supplementary resolution called for consideration of the interests of children. In 2022, special residence permission was granted to 1,525 people, according to the agency, with the minister deciding on their applications on a case-by-case basis. Related coverage: New visa rules to allow more foreign students to find jobs in Japan Japan grants refugee status to democracy advocate Myanmar woman Japan to allow longer stays for digital nomads to boost consumption Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Latest Kyodo News Digest: March 5, 2024 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Super Tuesday voting, key point in U.S. presidential race, under way Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Uber Eats to start robot deliveries in central Tokyo from March 6 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Chinese ships fire water cannons at Philippine boat, injures 4 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Doctor given 18 yrs for consensual killing of woman with ALS Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Swimming: Olympic schedule change benefiting French star questioned Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS China aims for around 5% GDP growth in 2024 amid property crisis Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Japan ministry urges Line app operator to bolster data protection Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Japan Kyodo News Digest: March 5, 2024 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Doctor given 18 yrs for consensual killing of woman with ALS Japan ministry urges Line app operator to bolster data protection Japan eyes up to 800,000 more skilled foreign workers over next 5 years Japan clarifies special criteria used in deportation decisions Japan gov't to stop COVID-19 treatment subsidies at end of March Feature FEATURE: Japan feminist Ueno's books resonate with struggling Chinese women Mar 4, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FEATURE: Renewed attention on Edo-era artist offers window into Japan's pas Night factory tours provide history lesson of Japan's modern economy Japan and beyond: Week in Photos - Feb. 24 - March 1 FEATURE: Noto quake cold deaths spark hypothermia public awareness drive Japan theater firm Takarazuka admits harassment of deceased actress Sports Swimming: Olympic schedule change benefiting French star questioned Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Baseball: Ohtani shows surgery recovery on track with 3-for-3 outing Baseball: Ex-Buffalo Maestri guides younger players in Japan return Boxing: Abe outgunned in IBF featherweight title shot against Lopez Rugby: Steenkamp, Paltridge lead Dynaboars to upset over Spears Athletics: Kenya's Kipruto, Ethiopia's Kebede win Tokyo Marathon World Kyodo News Digest: March 5, 2024 Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Super Tuesday voting, key point in U.S. presidential race, under way Chinese ships fire water cannons at Philippine boat, injures 4 Swimming: Olympic schedule change benefiting French star questioned China aims for around 5% GDP growth in 2024 amid property crisis Japan ministry urges Line app operator to bolster data protection Arts 3 in China found guilty of operating Japanese anime piracy site Mar 4, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FEATURE: Renewed attention on Edo-era artist offers window into Japan's pas Japanese model with Down syndrome fulfills dream, walks in Paris show Renovated Meiji-era building in Tokyo opens as manga gallery Ghibli Park unveils new "Valley of Witches" area, to open in March Japan theater firm Takarazuka admits harassment of deceased actress Travel/Tourism [VIDEO] ANA's new airline brand targets Asia Mar 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Night factory tours provide history lesson of Japan's modern economy "World's 1st" immersive theme park opens in Tokyo Ghibli Park unveils new "Valley of Witches" area, to open in March DisneySea reveals model of Fantasy Springs area to open in June Projection mapping at Tokyo gov't HQ recognized as world's biggest Kyodo Visual Stories Pick Up FOCUS: Nikkei's all-time high unlikely to serve as tailwind for PM Kishida Feb 23, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Tokyo stock market reaches uncharted territory, but where to next? Feb 23, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Private sector participation key for Japan's support for Ukraine Feb 20, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS:Japan, now world's No. 4 economy, on steep road to reverse low growth Feb 16, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Digitalization drive proving tough for Japanese school teachers Feb 16, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Japan maglev train project being derailed by Shizuoka stalemate Feb 13, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS:Ex-gen. Prabowo leads Indonesia presidency race amid democracy threat Feb 13, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Data rigging scandals threaten to undermine Toyota's growth drivers Feb 7, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS:Award-winning author's AI use revelation roils Japan's literary world Feb 5, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: One month on, Japan quake survivors, businesses struggle to rebuild Feb 2, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Asian Americans voice reasons they back Republicans in New Hampshire Jan 26, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: LDP reforms unlikely to restore skeptical public's faith in politics Jan 26, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Tokyo bus operator banks on foreign drivers as shortage looms Jan 21, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Japan PM put into corner as secret slush funds scandal falls on him Jan 19, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Some hints on Trump's popularity collected in Iowa Jan 17, 2024 | KYODO NEWS FOCUS: Taiwan's Lai to face tough time handling China ties, hung parliament Jan 15, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Podcast Episode 34: University of Tokyo's "international" program Feb 28, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Podcast [English World] Episode 33: Pastries that taste of love Feb 21, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Podcast [English World] Episode 32: "Snack" bar-hopping tours Feb 14, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Podcast[English World] Episode 31: Greetings from our Jakarta correspondent Feb 7, 2024 | KYODO NEWS Partners About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Links Contact © Kyodo News. Subscribe × Subscribe to get daily news To have the latest news and stories delivered to your inbox, subscribe here. Simply enter your email address below and an email will be sent through which to complete your subscription. Subscribe * Something went wrong Subscribe × Thank you. Please check your inbox for a confirmation email. Follow us Contact Us × If you wish to change your message, press 'Cancel' to go back and edit. Subject Name Email Message Cancel Send Contact Us × Thank you for reaching out to us.We will get back to you as soon as possible.