Google Open Source Events Projects Programs and services Organizations we support Documentation About Blog English Español – América Latina Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil Türkçe 中文 – 简体 한국어 Sign in Events Projects Programs and services More Documentation About Blog Organizations we support Google Open Source Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Google Open Source We bring all the value of open source to Google and all the resources of Google to open source. Learn more Everyone benefits Google believes open source solves real-world problems for everyone. Google's Open Source Programs Office supports open source innovation, collaboration, and sustainability through our programs and services. Use Open source is at the core of the products we build. Release We continue to release code under open source licenses for all to use. Support We foster inclusive environments to support healthy ecosystems. Featured programs Google Open Source programs support open source projects through enabling new contributors, building mentorship, and supporting documentation. Google Summer of Code 2023 Google Summer of Code is a global, online program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development. GSoC Contributors work with an open source organization on a 12+ week programming project under the guidance of mentors. See program timeline Google Season of Docs 2023 Google Season of Docs provides support for open source projects to improve their documentation and gives professional technical writers an opportunity to gain experience in open source. Together we build a culture of better documentation in open source. See program timeline View all programs Projects At Google, we use open source to innovate and we release open source to share our innovations. We encourage you to browse through our featured projects to find work to use, share, and build on! View all projects Featured blogs On the Google Open Source blog, you'll find exciting news about Google releases, projects, and program updates, as well as guest posts from our project partners and program participants. View all blogs YouTube Twitter Facebook Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Español – América Latina Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil Türkçe 中文 – 简体 한국어