Last.fm | Play music, find songs, and discover artists Playing via Spotify Playing via YouTube Playback options Listening on… Switch Spotify device Open in Spotify Web Player Change playback source Open on YouTube website Change playback source Previous Play Next Skip to YouTube video Loading player… Scrobble from Spotify? Connect your Spotify account to your Last.fm account and scrobble everything you listen to, from any Spotify app on any device or platform. Connect to Spotify Dismiss Last.fm Search Search Search Toggle navigation Upgrade to Pro Live Music Charts Events Features Subscribe Log In Sign Up Upgrade to Pro Live Music Charts Events Features Log In Sign Up A new version of Last.fm is available, to keep everything running smoothly, please reload the site. Explore Top Music Powered by your Scrobbles We bring together your favourite music services and join up listening, watching and sharing to connect your musical world. Below you can visualise, in real-time, the listening habits & trends of Last.fm's global community. Go Explore. Spiking Artists These artists are trending globally on Last.fm right nowClick one to explore the artist and their similar artists Back Reset Spiking Tracks The songs currently making the most waves across Last.fm worldwide All Time Scrobbles A live global counter showing the total number of tracks listened to by Last.fm users since 2003 Last.fm is ... Around The World What's being listened to right now and where? How popular is that track across the globe?Select a country to explore worldwide listening trends Today's Most Loved Tracks loved by the most listenersHit play to see if you love it too Previous Next Venn Want to hear some 80s Electronic? How about some millennial Metal?Drag the circles to explore various sounds from different eras Company About Last.fm Contact Us Jobs Help Track My Music Community Support Community Guidelines Help Goodies Download Scrobbler Developer API Free Music Downloads Merchandise Account Sign Up Log In Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Englishcurrent language Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Polski Português Русский Svenska Türkçe 简体中文 CBS Interactive © 2024 Last.fm Ltd. All rights reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Policies Do Not Sell My Personal Information Jobs at Paramount Last.fm Music Audioscrobbler API Calls Close