CJ.com Home × Your account security is our priority. CJ will only contact you from CJ.com, Publicisresources.com, or PublicisGroupe.net email domains. English Deutsch English - UK Español Français Careers Contact Us Login Slice 1 Page 1 Created with Sketch. toggle menu Login Get Started Platform Our Approach and Tech Innovations Our futureproof platform adapts to leverage new opportunities in the industry. Integration Partners and Tools We unlock continuing innovation by partnering with leaders in tech and data. Solutions CJ Affiliate Grow one connection at a time, at scale. CJ Influence Make your message count for more. CJ Leads Find and reach your missing markets. Partnerships Advertiser Achieve sustained growth and reach your target audience. Publisher Connect with the brands you know and love all in one place. Agency Working hand in hand to help drive client growth, advocacy, and retention. Influencer Earn seamlessly while promoting the products and services you enjoy. Resources Case Studies Brand success with our powerful solutions. What is Affiliate? Industry insights from decades of leadership. CJU Our annual client conference welcomes the industry to Santa Barbara. Blog Trends and best practices in affiliate and performance marketing. Events Where we’ll be. Join us! About Us Get Started Trusted toPerform Trusted to Perform Thrive in the world's largest and most established partnership-based performance marketing ecosystem and surpass your commerce growth goals through scalable and sustainable growth for brands, publishers, and creators alike. Thrive in the world's largest and most established partnership-based performance marketing ecosystem and surpass your commerce growth goals through scalable and sustainable growth for brands, publishers, and creators alike. Get Started Trusted to Perform Thrive in the world's largest and most established partnership-based performance marketing ecosystem and surpass your commerce growth goals through scalable and sustainable growth for brands, publishers, and creators alike. Expect Bigger Results 1B+ Monthly Reach more global customers 14B+ Annually Engage in more meaningful interactions 157M Annually Drive more online and offline transactions $16B+ Annually Realize your revenue potential Video One All-Inclusive, Seamless Global Affiliate Experience. One Great Platform. Growth happens when you reach the right customers at the right time. Join our global platform, powered by meaningful data, cutting-edge tech, and industry expertise—all designed to set you up for success and help you grow, no matter where you are in your affiliate growth journey. × Trusted by the World’s Largest Brands Don’t just take our word for it. Check out our client case studies to see why 2X as many IR500 brands choose to work with us compared to our nearest competitor. blue-apron-advertiser-logo IHG-logo office-depot-advertiser-logo priceline-advertiser-logo jcrew-advertiser-logo buzzfeed-publisher-logo cnn 55haitao logo Created with Sketch. ibotta-pub-logo klarna-pub-logo pmc-publisher-logo image/svg+xml blue-apron-advertiser-logo IHG-logo office-depot-advertiser-logo priceline-advertiser-logo jcrew-advertiser-logo buzzfeed-publisher-logo cnn 55haitao logo Created with Sketch. ibotta-pub-logo klarna-pub-logo pmc-publisher-logo image/svg+xml Recent Case Studies View All ⟶ case study goop Solved for TV Measurement & Saw 170% Increase in New Customer ROAS with CJ Lifestyle brand, goop, used CJ’s Clickless Tracking solution to measure sales from a national TV segment, resulting in an impressive number of new customers, new benchmarks for their television marketing efforts, and a way to measure ... Read more case study Expedia Group & FlipGive Shatter Revenue & Social Impact Goals with Unique Partnership Enabled by CJ Expedia Group, the leading traveler technology platform, sees strong results through an innovative affiliate marketing partnership that powered outcomes throughout the customer journey. 20:1 140% campaign ROAS goal achieved in only 60% of ... Read more Where do you fit into the picture? Advertisers & Agencies Expand Your Brand’s Reach Achieve sustained growth and reach your target audience. Work with world-class publishers and influencers to successfully promote brand products and services. Get Started Learn More Publishers & Influencers Partner with the World’s Best Brands Earn seamlessly by partnering with the world’s most widely recognized brands, promoting products and services your audience enjoy. Engage with brands you know and love all in one place. Sign Up Learn More See What We’re Up To Go to Junction Article Button & CJ Increase Influencer Conversion Rates by over 400% Learn More Article It Happened to Me: I Changed My Opinion about Shopping Browser Extensions Learn More Article Plug into Growth with CJ's Ecommerce Plugins Learn More About Us Advertiser Agency Careers Case Studies Events CJ Media Kit Our Offices Publisher Support What is Affiliate? Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Linkedin Icon YouTube Icon Instgram Icon Login | CJU | Developer Portal © 2024 Commission Junction LLC Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Cookie Settings