UW Medicine | UW Medical Center Ranked #1 Hospital in Washington Skip to main content MyChart Patient Portal For Providers Research School of Medicine Careers Contact Us Find care Urgent care Primary care Virtual care Emergency rooms Medical specialties Find a provider Find a location COVID-19 information Make an appointment Find health & patient resources Billing and insurance Conditions and symptoms Medical records and images Patient education Patient resources Prevention and wellness I want to... Make an appointment Book a COVID-19 test Sign up or sign in for MyChart Pay my bill Access medical records and images Find an interpreter Find a location Find a pharmacy View all patient resources Refer a patient Find care Urgent care Primary care Virtual care Emergency rooms Medical specialties Find a provider Find a location COVID-19 information Make an appointment Find health & patient resources Billing and insurance Conditions and symptoms Medical records and images Patient education Patient resources Prevention and wellness I want to... Make an appointment Book a COVID-19 test Sign up or sign in for MyChart Pay my bill Access medical records and images Find an interpreter Find a location Find a pharmacy View all patient resources Refer a patient Make a Gift MyChart Patient Portal For Providers Research School of Medicine Careers Contact Us Make a Gift A Higher Degree of Healthcare Make an appointment Find urgent care Find a provider Find a location Same-day virtual primary care with a UW Medicine doctor? Yes, please. GET CARE NOW Patient Care Learn how we are keeping our patients, families and staff safe. From primary care to specialty care, we’re here for you. Common Resources icon_accepting_patientsCreated with Sketch.Billing and insurance icon_heartCreated with Sketch.MyChart patient portal icon_patient_resourcesCreated with Sketch.Patient and family resources icon_medical_servicesCreated with Sketch.Available medical services icon_patient_resourcesCreated with Sketch.COVID-19 info and care Find care now × Medical Research One of the world’s largest, most comprehensive medical research programs. We’re fast-tracking cures. Common Resources icon_mediaCreated with Sketch.Latest research in the news icon_provider_interestsCreated with Sketch.Participate in a study icon_5_star_ratingCreated with Sketch.Accomplishments and awards Research Faculty Resources UW School of Medicine Committed to excellence in training the next generation of physicians, researchers, and health professionals. Common Resources icon_accepting_patientsCreated with Sketch.Admissions icon_medical_specialistsCreated with Sketch.Departments and programs icon_languagesCreated with Sketch.WWAMI regional education icon_5_star_ratingCreated with Sketch. Faculty Resources School of Medicine Content Spotlight Your daily download from the world of UW Medicine. Heart specialist IDs red flags for women This is how COVID-19 causes lingering heart problems Can a common asthma medication affect mental health? Dr. Sheela Sathyanarayana on why pregnant women should avoid ultraprocessed, fast foods (NewsNation) Contact Us About UW Medicine Careers Harborview Medical Center UW Medical Center – Montlake UW Medical Center – Northwest UW Medicine Primary Care Clinics Medical Conditions Directory Patient Resources UW School of Medicine UW Medicine Research UW Physicians UW Medicine Newsroom Price Transparency UW Medicine Fact Book Volunteer UW.edu Right as Rain Health Blog Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center The Huddle - for employees Airlift Northwest Employee Resources Valley Medical Center Give Website Feedback Copyright © 2024 University of Washington | All rights reserved Online Privacy Statement Policies and Notices Copyright And Healthcare Disclaimer Website Terms And Conditions Of Use