Designing Buildings We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. You can find out about our cookies and how to disable cookies in our Privacy Policy. If you continue to use this website without disabling cookies, we will assume you are happy to receive them. Close. Designing Buildings - The Construction Wiki Newsletter Register Sign in Search Subjects Tools / info Create an article Upload file / image Image library Full text search Recent changes Contact Help About Privacy policy Report abuse Terms and Conditions Advertise Cookie Preferences Project plans BIM project plan Construction manager Design and build Management contract Public project Self-build home Traditional contract Project activities Appointments Client procedures Construction management Construction techniques Contracts / payment Cost / business planning Design Operations Procurement Products / components Property development Public procedures Roles / services Legislation and standards Case law Health and safety / CDM Other legislation Planning permission Policy Property law Regulations Standards / measurements Sustainability Taxation Industry context Definitions Education History International News Organisations Projects and case studies Publications / reports Research / Innovation Theory Water Specialist wikis BIM Circular economy Conservation People Surrey Hills AONB About Designing Buildings is the construction wiki. The only industry-wide, cross-discipline forum for finding and sharing knowledge about the planning, design, construction and operation of built assets. Designing Buildings is a free, open access site. Anyone can create articles about subjects they know and anyone can find articles about subjects they don’t. It is supported by CIOB, BSRIA, IHBC, CIAT, ECA and APM. Write an article You can write about any subject related to the construction industry, including research, publications, organisations, theories, news, products and practices. All we ask is that articles are factual (not adverts) and are encyclopaedic in style (not blog posts). Sharing your knowledge is great for the industry, and it is also a great for you. You can add your profile to articles you write, so when people read about your subject they also find out about you. To create an article: Log in or register. Click the orange ‘Create an article’ button. Enter the name of your article. Write your article. Want to keep up to date about what's new on the site and what's new in the industry? Designing Buildings includes 6 microsites - mini wikis about specialist subjects. Created with our partners, they provide easy access to curated knowledge about particular aspects of the built environment: We can create a microsite for you. It is a fast, low cost, low risk way to get a branded website that allows you to curate knowledge about your specialist subject. Firefox add-on Try Designing Buildings Wiki Anywhere to look up any industry term direct from any website when you are using the Firefox browser. Just highlight what you want to find out about on any website and a box will pop up telling you all about it. More than 20,000 industry terms have been explained. If an explanation of the term you are looking for does not exist you will be asked if you want to create it. Features and news Quality in the nuclear sector A challenging environment, where nothing can be left to the fate. CLC Material Supply Chain Group statement First report showing good product availability and prices. Meeting the requirements for design and building work in 2024 Summary of the guide to the roles, duties and competencies. A window on the Marches The medieval stained glass of Herefordshire and Shropshire. London Mayor called to prioritise green electrical skills Environment Committee publish open letter to the Mayor. Carbon-neutral buildings, trends and predictions Significant transformation for built environment landscape. Four BSRIA building services publications published. Setting new benchmarks to help reshape design practice. Rethinking construction Looking back at the Egan Report and its impact. Biodiversity roadmap CLC launch plan to support the natural environment. Digital transformation Terminology, benefits and barriers. Survey of the UK engineering services sector Electrotechnical businesses are feeling the effects of the economic slowdown. Overlays to the RIBA plan of work When did they start and how many are there? The smart building overlay to the RIBA plan of work Roadmap to guide professionals in using smart technology. Journal of Historic Buildings and Places Campaigning for buildings of all periods. Building conservation, second edition, from CIOB Academy Meaning, understanding and implementation. .APM partners with Green Project Management Advancing sustainable and regenerative project management. See more news. Create an article Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Around the web Futurebuild, March 5-7 Opens today for three days. Construction Management, Mar 4 What women want (on site). Gov.uk, Mar 4 Siemens announces £100m R&D facility. ECA Today, February 27 2024 SPARKS Female Skills Competition launches. Construction Management, February 27 Sustainable steel and the dash for scrap. IHBC, February 27 Welsh government consultation on the environment and biodiversity. Infrastructure Intelligence, Feb 28 Breakthrough for HS2’s longest tunnel. GCR, Feb 26 India’s longest cable-stayed bridge opens to traffic. Gov.uk, Feb 27 Place changing fund grows to £400m. ECA Today, February 27 Data shows £74bn growth in green economy. Construction Management, February 27 Mace’s passport to materials reuse. LETI, before March 6 LETI FHS consultation response toolkit goes live! CIAT; February 20 SocEnv Awards open for 2024. National Home Builders Federation, January 26 Annual consumer campaign on benefits of new build homes. Mitchell and Dickinson, January 29 Discrete secondary glazing solution for Grade II library. BSRIA, February Introduction to Soft Landings courses in March, July and Nov. C20, February 22 BT Tower to be sold in £275 million hotel deal. Construction Management, Feb 26 Greatest women builders of all time: vote in the poll. Gov. UK, until March 6 The Future Homes and Buildings Standards consultation. © Designing Buildings Ltd. 2024 Cookie Preferences Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Designing Buildings Anywhere Get the Firefox add-on to access 20,000 definitions direct from any website Find out more Accept cookies and don't show me this again