Analytics Tools & Solutions for Your Business - Google Analytics Marketing Platform For Small Businesses For Enterprises Resources Blog Partners Support Analytics Overview Benefits Features Sign in to Analytics Get started today For Small Businesses Free and easy-to-use solutions for businesses of every size. Learn more For Enterprises A single platform that integrates your advertising and analytics, so you can act on customer insights faster. Learn more Analytics Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences. Tag Manager Manage all your tags without editing code. advertising Campaign Manager 360 Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns. Display & Video 360 Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are. Search Ads 360 Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns. analytics Analytics 360 Use advanced tools to get a deeper understanding of your customers so you can deliver better experiences. Tag Manager 360 Manage all your tags in one place for a smarter, simpler way to oversee your marketing. Marketing Platform Analytics Overview Benefits Features Sign in to Analytics Get started today Get essential customer insights. Get a complete understanding of your customers across devices and platforms. Google Analytics gives you the tools, free of charge, to understand the customer journey and improve marketing ROI. Get started today See what’s in it for you. people icon Unlock customer-centric measurement. Understand how your customers interact across your sites and apps, throughout their entire lifecycle. bulb icon Get smarter insights to improve ROI. Uncover new insights and anticipate future customer actions with Google’s machine learning to get more value out of your data. restart icon Connect your insights to results. Take action to optimize marketing performance with integrations across Google’s advertising and publisher tools. checklist icon Make your data work for you. Quickly analyze your data and collaborate with an easy-to-use interface and shareable reports. See all benefits people icon Unlock customer-centric measurement. Understand how your customers interact across your sites and apps, throughout their entire lifecycle. bulb icon Get smarter insights to improve ROI. Uncover new insights and anticipate future customer actions with Google’s machine learning to get more value out of your data. restart icon Connect your insights to results. Take action to optimize marketing performance with integrations across Google’s advertising and publisher tools. checklist icon Make your data work for you. Quickly analyze your data and collaborate with an easy-to-use interface and shareable reports. 2 3 4 5 See all benefits Google Analytics allows us to look at our data across platforms — web and app — to understand the full journey of our users. We’ve been able to cut our reporting time by 50%. Sara Swaney, Director of Advancement, 412 Food Rescue Dive into the details. Get a reliable measurement foundation with built-in automation, intuitive and flexible reporting, cross-platform attribution, and so much more. See all features Designed to work together. Use Analytics with other Google solutions to get a complete understanding of your marketing efforts and enhance performance. googleads icon Google Ads Search Ads 360 display-video-360 icon Display & Video 360 logo-google-cloud icon Google Cloud logo-search-console icon Google Search Console See all integrations googleads icon Google Ads Search Ads 360 display-video-360 icon Display & Video 360 logo-google-cloud icon Google Cloud logo-search-console icon Google Search Console 2 3 4 5 6 See all integrations Lider increases conversion rate 18X with Google Analytics. Lider used Analytics for a single measurement source of truth across its website and app to re-engage users and find new users most likely to purchase. The result was an 85% decrease in CPA and 18X conversion rate improvement. Read more Resources Case Study McDonald’s Hong Kong uses Google Analytics 4 to increase in-app orders by 550% Read more Feature Brief Control how data is used in Google Analytics Read more Report The Future of Analytics Read more See all resources Follow us About Google Marketing Platform Overview For Small Businesses For Enterprise Learning & support Support Blog Analytics Academy Skillshop Google Primer Developers & partners Google Marketing Platform Partners Analytics for developers Tag Manager for developers Campaign Manager 360 for developers Related products Google Ads Google AdSense Google Ad Manager Google Cloud Firebase More from Google Think with Google Business Solutions Google Workspace Privacy Terms About Google Google Products Cookies management controls Help Change language or region 中文（简体中文)DeutschEnglish (UK)English (US)EspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsPortuguês (Brasil)