Immigration Museum NYC | Tenement Museum Short Documentary Treasures of New York: Tenement Museum (26 min) Stream our episode of Treasures of New York with PBS online! Follow our journey to becoming the Tenement Museum you know and love — a one-of-a-kind museum dedicated to sharing and celebrating the stories of everyday people. ▶ Watch Now Tenement Museum Donate Reserve Tickets Become a Member AA A- A+ Visit Tenement Apartment Tours Neighborhood Walking Tours Group Reservations Upcoming Events Accessibility FAQs Explore New Exhibit Digital Exhibits Videos Blog Podcast Learn K-12 School Group Visits Free Lesson Plans Your Story, Our Story Shared Journeys Professional Learning Workshops Support Ways to Support Membership Corporate Memberships Gala About About Us Our Collections Careers Press Preserving 97 Orchard Street Shop Donate Reserve Tickets Become a Member Home Visit the Tenement Museum Experience over 100 years of New York City history. Plan a Visit The Tenement Museum celebrates the enduring stories that define and strengthen what it means to be American. A hidden gem of New York City, our two historic tenement buildings offer visitors a chance to explore the historically recreated homes of immigrant, migrant, and refugee families who lived in city tenements between the 1860s and the 1980s through interactive guided building tours, as well as walking tours of the iconic Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan. Explore Our Tenement Stories The Tenement Museum welcomes you into the homes of immigrants, migrants, and refugees—windows into the American story. Click on a family to learn more about the stories we share on our tours. 1865 A German Family 1869 A Black Family 1869 An Irish Family 1870s A German Jewish Family 1902 A Russian Jewish Family 1910s A Russian Jewish Family 1916 A Sephardic Jewish Family 1930s An Italian Family 1950s A Holocaust Survivor Family 1960s A Puerto Rican Family 1970s A Chinese Family Close × 1865 The Schneiders Book Tickets A German Family Featured in: Family Owned German immigrants John and Caroline Schneider served their community by running Schneider’s Lager Beer Saloon from 1864-1886 at 97 Orchard Street. Explore the story of the Schneider family and the role of small businesses amidst wars, depressions, and changing laws on our Family Owned tour. Close × 1869 The Moores Book Tickets A Black Family Featured in: A Union of Hope: 1869 In 1869, Joseph and Rachel Moore were a young Black family making their home in a Lower Manhattan tenement. Explore the story of the Moore family and the experience of Black New Yorkers in a city transformed by the turbulent aftermath of the Civil War on our A Union of Hope: 1869 tour. Close × 1869 The Moores Book Tickets An Irish Family Featured in: After the Famine: 1869 Fleeing famine conditions in Ireland, Joseph and Bridget Moore arrived in America in the mid-1860s with their children at a time when many did not welcome Irish newcomers. Explore the story of the Moore family and their complex Irish American identity on our After the Famine: 1869 tour. Close × 1870s The Gumpertzes Book Tickets A German Jewish Family Featured in: 100 Years Apart During the Panic of 1873, Natalie Gumpertz, a German-Jewish immigrant, was suddenly left to raise and provide for her three daughters in a time of crisis. Explore the stories of the Gumpertz and Wong families as they made new lives while working in New York City’s garment industry on our 100 Years Apart tour. Close × 1902 The Levines Book Tickets A Russian Jewish Family Featured in: Tenement Women: 1902 Immigrating from the Russian Empire in 1890, Harris and Jennie Levine and their five children ran a garment shop in their tenement apartment during the Industrial Revolution. Explore the story of the Levine family and the challenges faced by Jewish immigrant mothers in the new age on our Tenement Women: 1902 tour. Close × 1910s The Rogarshevskys Book Tickets A Russian Jewish Family Featured in: Under One Roof Fannie and Abraham Rogarshevsky immigrated from the Russian Empire in 1901. With six children, the Rogarshevkys balanced work, family, and their Jewish faith through a progressive decade of the labor movement. Explore the stories of the Rogarshevsky and Baldizzi families as they navigate changes to immigration policy together on our Under One Roof tour. Close × 1916 The Confinos Book Tickets A Sephardic Jewish Family Featured in: Meet Victoria The Confinos immigrated to the United States in 1913 fleeing from war in Kastoria, a part of modern-day Greece. Explore the story of the Confino family, their immigration journey through Ellis Island, and their new life in New York City on our Meet Victoria tour. Close × 1930s The Baldizzis Book Tickets An Italian Family Featured in: Under One Roof Adolfo and Rosaria Baldizzi, immigrants from Italy, lived at 97 Orchard Street in the 1930s with their two children during the Great Depression. Explore the stories of the Baldizzi and Rogarshevsky families as they navigate changes to immigration policy together on our Under One Roof tour. Close × 1950s The Epsteins Book Tickets A Holocaust Survivor Family Featured in: Finding Home Kalman and Rivka Epstein immigrated in 1947 as refugees and were part of the first generation of Holocaust survivors to resettle in the United States. Explore the stories of the Epstein and Saez Velez families as they search for belonging on our Finding Home tour. Close × 1960s The Saez-Velezes Book Tickets A Puerto Rican Family Featured in: Finding Home Ramonita Rivera Saez and her two young sons migrated to New York City from Puerto Rico in 1955, joining a growing community of Puerto Ricans in the Lower East Side. Explore the stories of the Saez Velez and Epstein families as they search for belonging on our Finding Home tour. Close × 1970s The Wongs Book Tickets A Chinese Family Featured in: 100 Years Apart The Wongs are a Chinese immigrant family that moved to New York City in 1965 as the passing of a landmark immigration law swept the nation. Explore the stories of the Wong and Gumpertz families as they made new lives while working in New York City’s garment industry on our 100 Years Apart tour. Upcoming Events There’s always something happening at the Tenement Museum! Join us on our free virtual public programming this winter – including our annual specialty virtual tours and special behind-the-scenes programs. Mar7 Virtual Tenement Talk Virtual Tenement Talk – Relinquished Join us on March 7th on YouTube Live for a conversation about 'Relinquished' with authors Gretchen Sisson and Christina Baker Kline. Read More Mar12 Virtual Tour Special Virtual Tour: Meet Bridget Travel back to 1868 and meet Bridget Moore in her brand-new apartment at 97 Orchard Street! Join us for a special virtual program to meet an actress portraying Bridget Moore, an Irish immigrant who lived in our historic tenement in the 1860s. Read More Mar21 Virtual Tenement Talk Virtual Tenement Talk – Plentiful Country Join us on March 21st on YouTube Live for a timely conversation with award-winning author Tyler Anbinder about his new release, Plentiful Country: The Great Potato Famine and the Making of Irish New York. Read More Mar26 Tenement Concerts Virtual Tenement Concert – New York in Yiddish Song: In A Dark Blue Night Join us and YIVO on March 26th for a night of musical performances celebrating the release of Pulitzer Prize-finalist Alex Weiser’s new album. Read More Mar28 Virtual Tour Special Virtual Tour: Contraceptives and Controversies On March 26, join us as we delve into the complex history of birth control from the 1870s into the 1930s, tracing the whirlwind history of contraceptives in the United States through the stories of the women who lived in our historic tenement buildings. Read More New Exhibit! A Union of Hope: 1869 Our new tenement family story explores the lives of Joseph and Rachel Moore, a young Black couple starting anew in a post-Civil War New York City. Tickets available now! Book Tickets More Ways to Experience the Museum Neighborhood Walking Tours Get to know the city by visiting historical sites and learning about the people and neighborhoods of the Lower East Side through our walking tours. Tours are available for both individual ticket holders or private groups. Book Tickets Videos and Blogs From digital exhibits and behind-the-scenes articles to our award-winning podcast, find yourself immersed in the stories that make the Museum so unique and gain a fascinating, in-depth historical look at life on the Lower East Side. Explore Group Visits Host a private in-person or virtual experience with us! Your guests will be guided by expert educators through the recreated spaces of our historic tenement buildings and the lives of the families who lived there. Learn More School Field Trips Bring your class to the Tenement Museum! We offer specialized 1-hour programs for all students grades K-12, whether they’re exploring our historic tenements and surrounding Lower East Side neighborhood in-person or virtually. Learn More Tenement Museum 103 Orchard Street New York, NY 10002 Phone: +1 (877) 975-3786 Subscribe to our newsletter Sign Up Get Directions Contact Us Museum Shop Visit Tenement Apartment Tours Neighborhood Walking Tours Group Reservations Upcoming Events Accessibility FAQs About About the Museum Our Collections Preserving 97 Orchard Street Careers Press Staff Trustees Commitment to Anti-Racism Explore New Exhibit Digital Exhibits Videos Blog Podcast Learn K-12 School Group Visits Lesson Plans Your Story, Our Story The History of Immigration in the US 97 Orchard Street 103 Orchard Street The Lower East Side Hours Museum Shop & Visitor Center Monday–Thursday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm ET Friday–Sunday: 10:00 am – 6:00 pm ET Call Center Monday–Saturday: 11:00 am – 4:00 pm ET Phone: +1 (877) 975-3786 Email: [email protected] Made Possible by Affiliations Become a Member Donate © 2024 The Tenement Museum, New York City. Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. ® I LOVE NEW YORK is a registered trademark and service mark of the New York State Department of Economic Development; used with permission. Privacy Policy Visit Tenement Apartment Tours Neighborhood Walking Tours Group Reservations Upcoming Events Accessibility FAQs Explore New Exhibit Digital Exhibits Videos Blog Podcast Learn K-12 School Group Visits Free Lesson Plans Your Story, Our Story Shared Journeys Professional Learning Workshops Support Ways to Support Membership Corporate Memberships Gala About About Us Our Collections Careers Press Preserving 97 Orchard Street Shop