U.S. Senate Skip Content Find Your Senators Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming MENU SENATORS Contact Leadership Former Senators Qualifications & Terms of Service Facts & Milestones States COMMITTEES Membership & Assignments Hearings & Meetings History LEGISLATION & RECORDS Bills, Acts, & Laws Nominations Treaties Votes Floor Proceedings Rules & Procedure Landmark Legislation Sessions of Congress Senate Archives Public Disclosure ART & ARTIFACTS Collection Search Fine Art Decorative Art Historical Images Historical Artifacts Thematic Collections ABOUT THE SENATE Officers & Staff Vice President President Pro Tempore Secretary of the Senate Sergeant at Arms Party Secretaries Chaplain Committee & Office Staff Pages Powers & Procedures Censure Declarations of War Expulsion Filibuster & Cloture Impeachment Investigations Nominations Rules Treaties Voting Origins & Foundations The Senate & the Constitution Electing & Appointing Senators Committee System Idea of the Senate Parties & Leadership Traditions & Symbols Historic Buildings & Spaces The Capitol Senate Chamber Historic Rooms Senate Office Buildings Congressional Meeting Places Past Senate Chambers Oral History Project Historical Highlights 1787-1800 1801-1850 1851-1877 1878-1920 1921-1940 1941-1963 1964-present Senate Stories Blog Research Tools Learn About the Senate Explore the Senate's Constitutional foundations, its unique role in America's governmental system, and its rich history. Art & Artifacts Browse the art and artifacts of the U.S. Senate Collection. Senate Stories Presented to enlighten, amuse, and inform, our new Senate history blog explores the forces, events, and personalities that have shaped the modern Senate. Senate Chamber Desks Discover the histories, traditions, and arrangements of senators' desks. States in the Senate Find your state's senators and learn about your state's place in Senate history. Women of the Senate Learn about the varied and important roles played by women in Senate history, from the first women to gain key staff positions to the female senators who have held positions of power and influence. Tools of the Senate Chamber View the gavels and other artifacts of the U.S. Senate Collection used to conduct business in the Senate Chamber. Plan a Visit to the Capitol Your visit to the historic U.S. Capitol begins as you enter the Capitol Visitor Center. The visitor's center is located below the East Plaza of the Capitol between Constitution and Independence Avenues. Floor Proceedings Tuesday, Mar 05, 2024 3:00 p.m.: Convene and proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the nomination of Ronald T. Keohane, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Floor Webcast Senate Calendar (latest issue) Executive Calendar (latest issue, PDF) Tentative Floor Schedule Previous Meeting Friday, Mar 01, 2024 The Senate convened at 12:00 p.m. for a pro forma session. Floor Activity Daily Digest (latest issue) Congressional Record (latest issue, PDF) Senate Floor Proceedings, 2014 to Present Scheduled Hearings Today, Mar. 05, 2024 No committee hearings scheduled Wednesday, Mar. 06, 2024 Budget 9:30 AM — SD-608 Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs 9:30 AM — SD-342 More Research Tools Research Tools Commonly Searched for Legislation Recent Senate Roll Call Votes Feb 29 | 67 (77-13) | Passed | H.R. 7463 Feb 29 | 66 (32-58) | Rejected | H.R. 7463 Feb 29 | 65 (12-77) | Rejected | H.R. 7463 Detailed Session List Public Disclosure Financial Disclosure Gift Rule/Travel Lobby Disclosure Act Features Women of the Senate Senate Stories Blog Visiting Plan Your Visit Capitol Visitors' Center Capitol Camera Jobs Employment Procurement SENATORS Contact Leadership & Officers Former Senators Qualifications & Terms of Service Facts & Milestones States COMMITTEES Membership & Assignments Hearings & Meetings History LEGISLATION & RECORDS Bills, Acts, & Laws Nominations Treaties Votes Floor Proceedings Rules & Procedure Landmark Legislation Sessions of Congress Senate Archives Public Disclosure ART & ARTIFACTS Fine Art Decorative Art Historical Images Historical Artifacts Thematic Collections ABOUT THE SENATE Officers & Staff Powers & Procedures Origins & Foundations Traditions & Symbols Historic Buildings & Spaces Oral History Project Historical Highlights Senate Stories Blog Research Tools Contact | Content Responsibility | Usage Policy | Privacy Policy | Employment & Internships | Procurement | www.senate.gov