Home - High Country News Close Your Dashboard Search for: Search Features Public Lands Indigenous Affairs Water Climate Change Arts & Culture Subscribe Donate Now The Magazine Jobs & Classifieds Open dropdown menu Jobs & Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Display Ad Info Close Skip to content Subscribe Donate Now The Magazine Jobs & Classifieds Open dropdown menu Jobs & Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Display Ad Info High Country News A nonprofit independent magazine of unblinking journalism that shines a light on all of the complexities of the West. Your Dashboard Open Search Search for: Search Support Menu Features Public Lands Indigenous Affairs Water Climate Change Arts & Culture Home A new law seeks to tame mineral extraction at the Great Salt Lake The new limits may represent a shift in Utah’s cozy relationship with industry. Disaster disparities in the West Underground seed banks hold promise for ecological restoration An ode to model women Lesbians who showed the way. by Morgan Lieberman and Emily Withnall March 1, 2024March 4, 2024 The West’s hazardous highways America’s car culture kills people and wrecks communities. by Jonathan Thompson March 1, 2024February 29, 2024 The dangers of PFAS — and of downplaying their ubiquity Even well-meaning officials often provide inadequate or misleading information, putting communities at higher risk. by Sarah Trent March 1, 2024February 29, 2024 Saving the Pacific lamprey Documenting populations of the ancient fish is a step toward ensuring their survival. by Natalia Mesa March 1, 2024February 29, 2024 The desert’s Radical Faeries How a gathering of gay men in the Sonoran Desert started a worldwide movement rooted in nature. by Miles Griffis March 1, 2024March 4, 2024 Issei poetry between the world wars The rich history of Japanese-language literature challenges assumptions about what counts as U.S. art. Nocturne A poem by Geri Doran. ‘We have been here and are still here’ #iamthewest: Giving voice to the people that make up communities in the region. Killer kitties, no-drama llamas and a brand-new arachnid Mishaps and mayhem from around the region. The value of awe Being dumbstruck by the beautiful complexity of nature is good for you. A new digital us HCN has new tech systems and new (real) editorial fellows. The good, the bad and the ugly of the state legislative season While Congress does nothing, Western state lawmakers pass a flurry of consequential and/or crazy — bills. How states make money off tribal lands Ten states own 1.6 million acres of land within 83 tribal nations’ reservations. How did they get there? Get our newsletters Email address(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Most Popular Stories Underground seed banks hold promise for ecological restorationHow the Colville Tribes are restoring traditional lands and wildlifeAn ode to model womenFire is driving animals’ evolutionThe West’s hazardous highways High Country News Classifieds EDUCATION AND OUTREACH PROJECT MANAGERQuivira's Education and Outreach program fosters a community of working lands stewardship that centers relationships, collaboration, education, equity, and care for community and ecology. Our vision is thriving land-based communities that have culturally-relevant tools and resources needed to practice regenerative […] View All Ads Place an Ad The West in Perspective Disaster disparities in the West by Natalia Mesa The great Clean Girl vanishing act by Caelan Reeves Is uranium poised for a renaissance? by Jonathan Thompson In This Issue March 2024: Fertile Ground It’s easy to feel overwhelmed during difficult times, but HCN’s March issue finds good reason to hope. Our two feature stories highlight the resilience of both human relationships and damaged ecosystems, with a photo essay about the lessons learned from older lesbian couples, and a… Subscribe Receive 2 free issues of HCN Water Wild ice: A training ground for rural skaters On the Western Slope of Colorado, frozen reservoirs and rivers offer interesting terrain for skating. Gov. Newsom releases new plan to save California salmon A wave of dam removals is planned, but salmon strategy relies on voluntary water cuts. The Northwestern Shoshone are restoring the Bear River Massacre site The tribe is reclaiming their gathering place and returning water to the Great Salt Lake. Wildlife How the Colville Tribes are restoring traditional lands and wildlife The tribes are re-establishing native species wiped out by systematic colonization. Fund conservation as you drive Colorado’s new wolf-themed specialty license plate joins a regional menagerie of critter-themed plates. Fire is driving animals’ evolution Can species evolve fast enough to keep up with changing wildfire conditions? Public Lands What happened to the Great American Outdoors Act? A historic public lands act passed in 2020. Here’s what it’s done so far. Biden plan will earmark millions of acres of public land for solar development Proposed updates to the Western Solar Plan would also close sensitive areas to utility-scale solar projects. Is Biden waging a war on energy? Or on the climate? A year-end review of the administration’s policy on fossil fuels and public lands. Indigenous Affairs Can affordable housing for Indigenous communities work? The question looms large as Denver breaks ground on its first affordable housing project for Indigenous people. How solar geoengineering is clouding issues of tribal consent ‘Move fast, break things’ approach runs into issues of tribal authority. Washington’s solar permitting leaves tribal resources vulnerable to corporations Tribal officials say the process threatens cultural resources and what remains of healthy Indigenous foodways. Communities Is it cowboy poetry if it’s not written by a cowboy? An event protesting the cowboy poetry festival faces questions of growth and authenticity. How a small town with limited resources is planning for climate change Oregon’s Grants Pass is known for its climate, and its sustainability plan aims to keep it that way. A bear hunt illuminates the complexities of a marriage Will the gift of a significant harvest be individual or shared? Books During climate chaos, a witness and champion of the West A Q&A with author and educator Laura Pritchett. How kung-fu heroes can grow our climate consciousness ‘It’s an intentional alignment with a certain kind of underground resistance.’ The epic history of the Endangered Species Act The two-volume ‘Codex of the Endangered Species Act’ takes a long look back — and forward. In the News A plague of tumbleweeds A handy pamphlet on how to dig out from a tumbleweed takeover of sci-fi proportions. by Sarah Gilman Know the West. Get 2 free issues ↓ 119 Grand AvenuePO Box 1090Paonia, CO 81428(970) 527-4898 Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn RSS Feed Contact Us About us Pitch us a story Fellowships Education Support our work Advertise Syndication Subscriber services Get 2 free issues ↓ Join now and become a valued member of our community. Your support helps us keep a watch on the West. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2024 High Country News. All rights reserved. Powered by Newspack