Phys.org - News and Articles on Science and Technology Topics Week's top Latest news Unread news Subscribe Science X Account Remember me Sign In Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Not a member? Sign up Learn more Nanotechnology Physics Earth Astronomy & Space Chemistry Biology Other Sciences Medicine Technology Last update: 6 minutes ago Team successfully synthesizes atomically precise metal nanoclusters Science news Date 6 hours 12 hours 1 day 3 days all Rank Last day 1 week 1 month all LiveRank Last day 1 week 1 month all Popular Last day 1 week 1 month all Optics & Photonics Researchers develop method to manipulate structured light without distortion The many properties of light allow it to be manipulated and used for applications that range from very sensitive measurements to communications and intelligent ways to interrogate objects. A compelling degree of freedom is ... 10 minutes ago 0 0 Plants & Animals What is a whale native to the North Pacific doing off New England? Climate change could be the key Scientists have confirmed the presence of a whale off New England that went extinct in the Atlantic Ocean two centuries ago—an exciting discovery, but one they said that illustrates the impact of climate change on sea life. 1 hour ago 0 0 Researchers use electrocatalysis for site-specific protein modification Boston College researchers used a mild charge of electricity to precisely modify proteins, a new tool that can be used to develop novel biotherapeutics and protein-based research tools, ... Boston College researchers used a mild charge of electricity to precisely modify proteins, a new tool that can be used to develop novel biotherapeutics ... Biochemistry 1 hour ago 0 0 Using light to precisely control single-molecule devices In a new Nature Communications study, Columbia Engineering researchers report that they have built highly conductive, tunable single-molecule devices in which the molecule is attached ... In a new Nature Communications study, Columbia Engineering researchers report that they have built highly conductive, tunable single-molecule devices ... Nanophysics 1 hour ago 0 0 We know the Arctic is warming—what will changing river flows do to its environment? Scientists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst recently combined satellite data, field observations, and sophisticated numerical modeling to paint a picture of how 22.45 million ... Scientists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst recently combined satellite data, field observations, and sophisticated numerical modeling to paint ... Earth Sciences 1 hour ago 0 20 Study shows that the ATLAS detector can measure the flux of high-energy supernova neutrinos High-energy neutrinos are extremely rare particles that have so far proved very difficult to detect. Fluxes of these rare particles were first detected by the IceCube Collaboration back in 2013. General Physics feature 7 hours ago 0 17 Astronomers discover new Saturn-sized exoplanet An international team of astronomers reports the discovery of a new exoplanet orbiting a solar-type star. The newfound alien world, designated TOI-1135 b is young, hot and comparable in size to Saturn. The discovery was detailed ... Planetary Sciences report 5 hours ago 0 41 New study suggests warming seas are negatively affecting beluga whales' aggregation patterns Until recently, technology limitations have made it challenging to effectively study the aggregation behavior of beluga whales. As climate change continues and sea surface temperatures rise quickly, the ability to do so becomes ... Plants & Animals feature 7 hours ago 0 17 Soil toxic levels mostly minor after Marshall Fire in Boulder, Colorado In the weeks following the devastating 2021 Marshall Fire, researchers from CU Boulder sifted through burned and unburned areas to test soils for toxic metals. Today, they report that although concentrations of toxic metals ... Environment 1 hour ago 0 20 What makes black holes grow and new stars form? Machine learning helps solve the mystery When they are active, supermassive black holes play a crucial role in the way galaxies evolve. Until now, growth was thought to be triggered by the violent collision of two galaxies followed by their merger; however, new ... Astronomy 3 hours ago 0 10 Researchers show that menopause does not always impact mental health A new review paper from authors at Brigham and Women's Hospital and collaborators concludes that menopause does not uniformly elevate the risk of depression and other mental health conditions. Psychology & Psychiatry 33 minutes ago 0 0 A smart molecule beats the mutation behind most pancreatic cancer UC San Francisco researchers have designed a candidate drug that could help make pancreatic cancer, which is almost always fatal, a treatable, perhaps even curable, condition. Oncology & Cancer 1 hour ago 0 0 Engineers collaborate with ChatGPT4 to design brain-inspired chips Johns Hopkins electrical and computer engineers are pioneering a new approach to creating neural network chips—neuromorphic accelerators that could power energy-efficient, real-time machine intelligence for next-generation ... Hardware 1 hour ago 0 18 Corporate sponsor program Modeled After the Real World Gain a stronger understanding of product behavior and get quicker answers during the development cycle by building accurate models and lightning-fast standalone simulation apps. Learn more about COMSOL Multiphysics. The Future is Interdisciplinary Find out how ACS can accelerate your research to keep up with the discoveries that are pushing us into science’s next frontier Featured Last Comments Popular Dialog Fossil unearthed in New Zealand contains the largest fossil crab claw ever found 4 hours ago 0 Communication between rotors in molecular motor observed for the first time 4 hours ago 0 Complexity of brain activity found to decrease with fetal maturation and to continue decline after birth 5 hours ago 0 Astronomers discover new Saturn-sized exoplanet 5 hours ago 0 Study shows that the ATLAS detector can measure the flux of high-energy supernova neutrinos 7 hours ago 0 Medical Xpress Psychology & Psychiatry Researchers show that menopause does not always impact mental health Oncology & Cancer New study has potential to transform cancer care for expectant mothers in the UK Autism spectrum disorders AI analysis predicts smoking during pregnancy may increase the risk of behavioral disorders in newborns Oncology & Cancer A smart molecule beats the mutation behind most pancreatic cancer Oncology & Cancer Portuguese researchers develop first prototype that applies AI to colorectal diagnosis Neuroscience Complexity of brain activity found to decrease with fetal maturation and to continue decline after birth Medical research World-first trial of regenerative hearing drug is successfully completed Psychology & Psychiatry Vaping worsens sleep quality and the mental health of young people, suggests study Psychology & Psychiatry How blindness affects the perception of whether an emotion is authentic or posed Overweight & Obesity Waist-to-height ratio detects obesity in children and adolescents significantly better than BMI, finds study Oncology & Cancer Filament formation enables cancer cells' glutamine addiction Medical research New method for studying sperm quality could lead to breakthroughs in male contraception and fertility treatments Diabetes Too little sleep raises risk of type 2 diabetes, suggests study Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes 'Like a lab in your pocket': New test strips raise game in gene-based diagnostics Sports medicine & Kinesiology Running performance helped by mathematical research Health Hazardous heat and humidity is widespread in US jails and prisons, and climate change is worsening conditions Alzheimer's disease & dementia Understanding lucid episodes in dementia Medications Antibiotic after sex slashes STD rates in study Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Unlocking the secrets of lung fibrosis with a new mouse model Neuroscience Stress hormones can lead to enhanced cognitive abilities in children Immunology Researchers investigate immune response of a man who received 217 COVID vaccinations Health The Atlantic diet: How it compares to its Mediterranean counterpart—and what benefits it might have Cardiology Washington, here's your wake-up call: Daylight saving time may impact your heart health Health The Spanish region of Catalonia offers women and girls free and reusable menstruation products Medical economics Do not go: Examining turnover interventions in the health care workplace Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Special insecticide paint may help curb Zika and dengue fever outbreaks Psychology & Psychiatry Preschoolers with depression at greater risk of suicide during adolescence: Study Addiction Non-cigarette tobacco smoking has soared in England over last decade: Study Pediatrics Improving infant formula safety: A new frontier in pathogen detection Health Air pollution linked to increased risk for childhood asthma Tech Xplore Hardware Engineers collaborate with ChatGPT4 to design brain-inspired chips Internet Atlas of internet surveillance maps ownership of network infrastructures worldwide Machine learning & AI Researchers surprised by gender stereotypes in ChatGPT Business New type of voice assistant for production works according to the rules of AI ethics Software Using generative AI to improve software testing Automotive Dodge muscle cars live on with new versions of the Charger powered by electricity or gasoline Internet Meta suffers global Facebook, Instagram outage Engineering Deep learning tool may help cut emissions caused by air resistance Security US imposes sanctions on spyware group members Energy & Green Tech Next-gen printed flexible solar cells launched into space Other MH370 disappearance 10 years on: Can we still find it? Engineering Smart optimization paves the way for improved silicon solar cell performance Energy & Green Tech Researchers invent new triple-junction tandem solar cells with world-record efficiency Business Quantum computing will radically alter the application of copyright law, study says Software Innovative electricity system balancing tool helps keep Britain's lights on Energy & Green Tech Researchers develop model for cost-effective and environmentally friendly pulp and paper industry Computer Sciences Counterexamples to completeness of major algorithms in distributed constraint optimization problem Business Uber Eats starts robot deliveries in Tokyo Machine learning & AI Google's Gemini showcases more powerful technology, but we're still not close to superhuman AI Engineering Korean researchers achieve local production of electron beam welding system Energy & Green Tech Review examines improvements in organic solar cell stability Business Nintendo wins battle against piracy software company Internet Supercharged EU armed—at last—to take on tech titans Internet One Tech Tip: Change these settings on X to limit calls and hide your IP address Internet Five things to know about the EU's landmark digital act Business Bezos dethrones Musk to reclaim title of world's richest man Business Microsoft Ignite conference returns to Chicago in November after 9-year hiatus Business Apple's $2 billion fine heralds a new antitrust dawn Automotive Tesla German plant halts production after sabotage claimed by far-left group Business Ex-Twitter execs sue Musk for unpaid severance Webb unlocks secrets of primeval galaxy Looking deep into space and time, two teams using the NASA/ESA/CSA James Webb Space Telescope have studied the exceptionally luminous galaxy GN-z11, which existed when our 13.8 billion-year-old universe was only about 430 ... Astronomy 2 hours ago 1 1 Ancient Mesoamericans may have drunk tobacco in healing rituals, reveal archaeologists Archaeologists have analyzed chemical residues from ceramic vases at the city of Cotzumalhuapa, Guatemala, revealing physical evidence of tobacco use in Mesoamerica, likely for ritual and therapeutic purposes. Archaeology 2 hours ago 0 33 Scientists predict the extinction risk for all the world's plants with AI In a new study, published in the journal New Phytologist, a team of scientists from the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew have, for the first time, predicted the extinction risk of all 328,565 known species of flowering plants. Plants & Animals 6 hours ago 0 63 New method measures the 3D position of individual atoms For more than a decade it has been possible for physicists to accurately measure the location of individual atoms to a precision smaller than one-thousandth of a millimeter using a special type of microscope. However, this ... Optics & Photonics 2 hours ago 0 74 Groundbreaking survey reveals secrets of planet birth around dozens of stars In a series of studies, a team of astronomers has shed new light on the fascinating and complex process of planet formation. The stunning images, captured using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope (ESO's ... Astronomy 6 hours ago 0 61 War a biodiversity enemy even in peaceful locales, says study "War is hell" usually applies to war zones, but the Ukraine-Russian war's protracted battles can take a toll on biodiversity as far away as the United States or Brazil. Ecology 5 hours ago 0 12 Breakthrough in nanostructure technology for real-time color display A technology that enables the real-time display of colors and shapes through changes in nanostructures has been developed by Professor Kang Hee Ku and her team in the School of Energy and Chemical Engineering at UNIST. The ... Nanomaterials 5 hours ago 0 11 Complexity of brain activity found to decrease with fetal maturation and to continue decline after birth A team of neurologists and biotechnicians at University Hospital and University of Tübingen, working with a colleague from Imperial College London, reports that brain complexity decreases during fetal maturation and continues ... Neuroscience report 5 hours ago 0 21 Atlas of internet surveillance maps ownership of network infrastructures worldwide A German-American research team led by the University of Konstanz has mapped the ownership of network infrastructures in democratic and authoritarian states worldwide to show how autocrats control the internet via state-owned ... Internet 5 hours ago 0 29 Researchers investigate immune response of a man who received 217 COVID vaccinations Researchers at Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) and Universitätsklinikum Erlangen have examined a man who has received more than 200 vaccinations against COVID-19. They learned of his case via newspaper ... Immunology 4 hours ago 0 90 Team successfully synthesizes atomically precise metal nanoclusters A research team has successfully synthesized a metal nanocluster and determined its crystal structure. Their study provides experimental evidence for understanding and designing nanoclusters with specific properties at the ... Dutch people adapt their climate beliefs more easily than their behavior, find researchers Climate interventions do not lead to more climate action among Dutch, but they do raise awareness about climate change. That can be derived from the Climate Intervention Webapp, a database that has mapped the most effective ... A consortium of algae and bacteria boosts the production of green hydrogen and biomass while cleaning water The mutual relationship between algae and three bacteria studied by a team at the University of Cordoba presents the highest hydrogen production obtained so far by this type of consortium Training drones to detect greenhouse gas sources How do you map something that is both invisible and odorless? Researchers at the University of Oslo have trained drones to find the best places to measure greenhouse gases on their own. Telomere-to-telomere genome assembly of melon provides a high-quality reference for meta-QTL analysis Melon, with its significant economic value and extensive phenotypic diversity, has been cultivated globally for over 4,000 years, featuring two main subspecies that have undergone independent domestication processes. Recent ... Transforming early learning through curiosity and interest The key to boosting a child's cognitive and emotional development lies in promoting an active interest in topics or activities, Griffith University researchers have found. Astronauts arrive at International Space Station for swap Three US astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut arrived Tuesday at the International Space Station for a six-month mission on board the orbiting laboratory. Yemen faces 'environmental disaster' as sunken ship threatens Red Sea The sinking of a bulk carrier off Yemen after a Huthi missile attack poses grave environmental risks as thousands of tonnes of fertilizer threaten to spill into the Red Sea, officials and experts warn. First baby right whale of season dies from injuries caused by ship collision The first confirmed baby right whale of the year has been found dead from a collision with a ship, a devastating blow for the vanishing species. Religion and science beliefs affect attitudes toward mental illness, study finds Beliefs about the relationship between religion and science may be a key factor in people's views on mental health conditions like anxiety and depression, especially in minority racial communities, according to new research ... A crown rust fungus could help manage two highly invasive plants in Minnesota Though some crown rust fungi are known to cause widespread damage to oat and barley crops, new research from the University of Minnesota suggests a close relative of these major pathogens could actually be a valuable asset ... Alternative splicing and transcription factor interplay in blood orange anthocyanin biosynthesis The blood orange, renowned for its vibrant color due to anthocyanins, is a focus of increasing demand in the nutraceutical industry, with 'Tarocco' [C. sinensis (L.) Osbeck] being the most widespread variety. Current research ... Deciphering the fragrance code: High-quality sequencing and analysis of the 'XiangQingCai' (XQC) genome 'Vanilla' (XQC, brassica variety chinensis), a Brassica rapa subspecies chinensis, is a vital vegetable crop in the Brassicaceae family, renowned for its intense volatile fragrance. Despite the significant progress that has ... The role of PbrChiA chitinase in ROS regulation and antifungal activity Pear ring rot, a significant threat to pear production, is caused by Botryosphaeria dothidea, leveraging the complex dynamics of reactive oxygen species (ROS) during infection. Initially, plants employ their innate immune ... Discovering the world of dolphins and their three 'super senses' Imagine that you're in a comfortable room with your cat. You're both sharing the same space, temperature and lighting. But while you're enjoying the décor, and perhaps a book or the taste of hot chocolate, the cat seems ... These tiny worm-like creatures in the soil can destroy pests but they can also kill crops—an expert's guide to nematodes Whether you're a gardener growing food for your household, a small-scale farmer or a commercial producer, soil matters. You cannot really tell the difference between healthy and unhealthy soil just by looking at it. But there ... In a dangerously warming world, the grim reality of Australia's bushfire emissions must be confronted In the four years since the Black Summer bushfires, Australia has become more focused on how best to prepare for, fight and recover from these traumatic events. But one issue has largely flown under the radar: how the emissions ... Video: Stashing carbon for the long haul with healthy soils A key solution for carbon capture and storage is under our feet. We're investigating the interactions between plants, microbes, and geological features in soil with the goal of using healthy soil ecosystems to pull carbon ... Global warming may be behind an increase in the frequency and intensity of cold spells Global warming caused by increased concentrations of greenhouse gases is already affecting our lives. Scorching summers, more intense heat waves, longer drought periods, more extended floods, and wilder wildfires are consequences ... Archaeologists uncover the heritage of a marginalized community Archaeologists have excavated the former working-class neighborhood of Vaakunakylä near Oulu, west-central Finland and interviewed its previous inhabitants, revealing the rich heritage of this marginalized community. Load more Medical Xpress Medical research advances and health news Tech Xplore The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances Science X The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web Newsletters Subscribe Science X Daily and the Weekly Email Newsletter are free features that allow you to receive your favorite sci-tech news updates in your email inbox Follow us Top Home Search Mobile version Help FAQ About Contact Science X Account Premium Account Archive News wire Android app iOS app RSS feeds Push notification © Phys.org 2003 - 2024 powered by Science X Network Privacy policy Terms of use E-mail newsletter Subscribe Follow us