Comparitech - Tech researched, compared and rated Menu Close Search Search EnglishEN Italian IT French FR German DE Spanish ES Korean KO Japanese JA Russian RU Arabic AR Austrian AT Belgian BE Czech CZ Danish DA Finnish FI Greek GR Polish PL Swedish SE Thai TH Dutch NL VPN By Use Best VPNs of 2024 Business VPN Netflix Kodi Torrenting Hulu Sky Go Gaming BBC iPlayer Tor By OS/Device Mac Windows Linux Windows 10 Firestick iPhone and iPad Android Windows Phone DD-WRT Routers By Country China Japan US UK Canada Australia Germany France UAE & Dubai Guides Fastest VPNs Cheapest VPNs Free VPNs How to access the deep web Is torrenting safe and legal? Build your own VPN Facebook privacy and security How to encrypt email How to stay anonymous online How we test VPNs See all Reviews NordVPN Surfshark ExpressVPN IPVanish PrivateVPN StrongVPN CyberGhost PureVPN See all Antivirus Reviews Norton Antivirus TotalAV Intego VirusBarrier X9 McAfee VIPRE Panda Security Eset See all By OS/Device Mac Windows Guides Best Antivirus in 2024 Best Free Firewalls Free Antivirus Software Malware Statistics & Facts See all Compare providers McAfee vs Kaspersky Norton vs Kaspersky McAfee vs Norton Online backup Streaming Kodi Plex Sports Streaming TV Streaming IPTV Blog VPN & Privacy Cloud and Online Backup Information Security More Comparisons Password Managers Identity Theft Protection Usenet Privacy & Security Tools Internet Providers Parental Control Software Net Admin Tools Data Privacy Management Data Recovery Software Crypto Utilities About Us About Our Company Press Software Testing Methodology Editorial Process Join us Contact Thousands of hours of in-depth tech research We put security, privacy and networking services to the test so you can make more informed purchases. As featured in… Popular Posts The Best VPNs for Netflix in 2024 – Unblock US Netflix and more Looking for a Netflix VPN that is fast, secure and reliable? Look no further! We've extensively tested each and every leading provider to bring you a list of the very best VPNs for Netflix in 2024. By Paul Bischoff in Popular Posts on February 22, 2024 11 Best VPN Services in 2024 We've conducted thousands of hours of research to find the best VPN services in 2024. We look at speed, security, protocol, price, servers, and much more. By Paul Bischoff on December 15, 2023 Common phishing scams and how to recognise and avoid them Phishing scams are common place, here's how to recognize and avoid them. By Dave Albaugh in Information Security on May 13, 2022 What’s the Best China VPN? We tested 59 to see which could bypass the Great Firewall There are very few VPNs that work in China. To help readers make an informed choice, we rented a server in Shenzhen and put 59 of the best-known VPNs to the test. Here are our results. By Paul Bischoff in VPN & Privacy on January 29, 2024 300+ Terrifying Cybercrime and Cybersecurity Statistics (2024 EDITION) Looking for recent cyber crime statistics? We constantly update this huge list of cybersecurity statistics from trusted sources. By Andra Zaharia in VPN on January 19, 2024 Best VPNs for Torrenting Safely and Privately in 2024 Don't get caught out torrenting with an unsuitable VPN. Despite bold marketing claims many VPNs have been shown not to protect your privacy and others are too slow for torrenting and streaming. By Paul Bischoff in Popular Posts on February 6, 2024 ExpressVPN Coupon: 49% off plus 3 months Free! (Tested March 2024) Are you looking for the best ExpressVPN deals and coupons? You're in the right place. We update this page regularly with the best discounts available, including Comparitech exclusive deals. By Ian Garland in VPN & Privacy on December 1, 2023 Can cryptography be used to secure electronic voting systems? Electronic and internet voting can help improve our election systems in several different ways. Each of these concepts rely on cryptography for security - but is cryptography enough? By Josh Lake in Information Security on August 14, 2020 We tested 21 Android antivirus apps and found these serious vulnerabilities Android antivirus apps claim to protect your mobile device, but we found a ton of security holes and privacy risks -- one of them even exposes your address book. By Aaron Phillips in Antivirus on August 17, 2022 Latest guides What is Layered Security: A Complete Guide Looking for a 360 solution to protect your device or network? Layered security might be the way to go. Inside, we detail what layered security is and offer some tools to get started. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on March 1, 2024 NordVPN Threat Protection guide & review – 2024 Threat Protection comes bundled with a paid NordVPN subscription. In this post, we provide an overview of the feature and a step-by-step guide on using it as we put it through its paces. By Marc Dahan in VPN & Privacy on February 20, 2024 How to Remove the Battery Damaged by Virus Alert in 2024 Have you ever received a notification that a virus has damaged your battery? Don't panic. These alerts are often not what they seem. This guide explains everything you need to know. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on February 18, 2024 What is Cloud Antivirus and How Can it Help? Thinking about getting your hands on a cloud antivirus but wondering whether it's worth it? We've covered everything you need to know about cloud antivirus in this helpful guide. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on February 16, 2024 Antivirus and Security Software: Why You Need It in 2024 Want to know the difference between antivirus and internet security? This guide explains what both softwares do, what the differences are, and which one you need for your device. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on February 16, 2024 Safe online banking: Essential tips and tools for 2024 Want to know how to access online banking safely from anywhere? Check out our guide on how to lock down your sensitive data and keep out prying eyes. By Craig McCart in VPN & Privacy on February 14, 2024 What are Router Viruses and Should You Be Worried? Concerned that your router may be infected with a virus? Check out our guide on router viruses to learn what they are, what they do, and more importantly, how to remove them. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on February 13, 2024 NordVPN Meshnet: Overview and Troubleshooting Guide Meshnet is a new powerful networking feature provided by NordVPN. This in-depth guide provides an overview of the feature and some troubleshooting tips. By Marc Dahan in VPN & Privacy on January 31, 2024 How to opt out of People Search Now Ready to wipe your personal data from the web by opting out of People Search now? Our guide details everything you need to know about opting out and protecting your data. By Craig McCart in VPN & Privacy on November 28, 2023 Latest reviews NoLagVPN review – is it any good (and is it really a VPN)? If you're big into Call of Dufy: Warzone and looking for a way to access easier lobbies, this in-dep By Marc Dahan in VPN on February 1, 2024 ElephantDrive Review: A Solid, if Pricey, Choice for Cloud Backup Looking for a new cloud backup solution to keep your digital treasures safe? Check out our ElephantD By Craig McCart in Online backup on January 3, 2024 Surfshark Antivirus Review 2024 Looking to take Surfshark Antivirus for a spin? Check out our in-depth analysis to see if it meets y By Craig McCart in Antivirus on September 18, 2023 DeleteMe Review 2024 Read the tips in our DeleteMe review to help you decide whether to subscribe to this data removal se By Kyle Schurman in Data Privacy Management on September 12, 2023 AdGuard VPN Review 2024 – Can it hold its own? AdGuard VPN is a relatively new commercial VPN service. We wanted to know if the service holds its o By Marc Dahan in VPN on September 8, 2023 NordLayer review 2024: Is NordLayer right for your business? NordLayer lets organizations set up secure site-to-site connections between geographically distant locations, manage remote employee access to company resources, and increase endpoint security. It claims to be well-suited to hybrid environments and bring-your-own-device policies. By Paul Bischoff in Net Admin on October 12, 2023 Blog How do I get my CompTIA Security+ certification? Looking to earn your CompTIA Security+ certification but unsure where to start? This guide walks you through the process, from purchasing your exam voucher to preparing for the exam. By Mark Gill in Information Security on March 3, 2024 Best Antivirus for PC Gaming in 2024 PC gamers demand the best from their rigs, and unfortunately, some antivirus programs are notorious for hogging system resources. Find out the best antivirus for PC gamers below. By Craig McCart in Antivirus on March 2, 2024 How difficult is the Security+ certification? Thinking about pursuing the CompTIA Security+ certification? Our guide examines the essentials, detailing the topics covered, popular study resources, and insights into the exam. By Mark Gill in Information Security on March 2, 2024 Best VPNs for Algeria There are few VPNs with servers in Algeria, and fewer still with the ability to stream international content and provide fast connection speeds. This guide will highlight the VPNs that can. By Justin Schamotta in VPN & Privacy on February 29, 2024 PrivateVPN not working with DAZN? Here’s what to do Want to watch DAZN abroad? Is PrivateVPN not working with DAZN? In this guide, we’ll help you fix PrivateVPN to stream DAZN from anywhere. By Ray Walsh in VPN & Privacy on February 29, 2024 Do I need a VPN at home? Wondering if you need a VPN at home? We find out how the average home user can benefit from using a VPN and what to look for when choosing a reliable provider. By Justin Schamotta in VPN & Privacy on February 29, 2024 Search Search Twitter icon Home Blog Our Authors Privacy policy Cookies Policy Terms of use Disclosure About Comparitech Contact Us Accessibility © 2024 Comparitech Limited. All rights reserved. Comparitech.com is owned and operated by Comparitech Limited, a registered company in England and Wales (Company No. 09962280), Suite 3 Falcon Court Business Centre, College Road, Maidstone, Kent, ME15 6TF, United Kingdom. Telephone +44(0)333 577 0163 Comparitech uses cookies. More info. Close