Home - Rethinking Schools Skip to content Rethinking Schools Search for: Archive Cart My Account Logout Login Shop Primary Menu Magazine Current Issue Archives Submission Guidelines Artículos en Español Institutional Site License Books T-Shirt About Job Openings Our History Our Team Events Updates Subscribe Donate BE OUR LIFELINE Donate to support the work of Rethinking Schools Sign up for updates from our educators: Email Address Winter 2023 Community Building as World Building By Cristina Paul An early elementary teacher details an engineering unit. Students design a model community — with no police or banks — in which everyone gets what they need. Read More Getting to the Why: Service Learning for Social Justice By Tanya Friedman An equity coach argues for the importance of service learning for social justice and describes how elementary teachers she worked with developed a project around hunger. Read More Volume 38, No. 1 FALL 2023 Volume 37, No. 4 SUMMER 2023 Volume 37, No. 3 SPRING 2023 Recent issues Rethinking Schools is the country’s leading grassroots magazine for social and racial justice in education. Subscribe Give a Gift Featured Books Teaching for Black Lives Rethinking Ethnic Studies The New Teacher Book-3rd Edition Teaching a People’s History of Abolition and the Civil War Rethinking Bilingual Education A People’s Curriculum for the Earth Reading, Writing, and Rising Up 2nd Edition Rethinking Multicultural Education 3rd Edition Explore Resources Celebrating Black History Month This Black History Month and always, we honor the Black radical tradition that disrupts oppression and organizes for justice. We teach for joy and freedom. We teach the truth about […] The Takeover of Houston Public Schools Larry Miller Miller critically examines the state takeover of Houston’s public schools and its new superintendent’s dystopian vision for education reform. Community Building as World Building Cristina Paul in collaboration with Olivia Lozano and Nancy Villalta An early elementary teacher details an engineering unit. Students design a model community — with no police or banks — in which everyone gets what they need. Getting to the Why: Service Learning for Social Justice Tanya Friedman An equity coach argues for the importance of service learning for social justice and describes how elementary teachers she worked with developed a project around hunger. Five Ways Textbooks Lie About Reconstruction Mimi Eisen The Zinn Education Project’s Mimi Eisen critiques commonly used U.S. history textbooks’ coverage of Reconstruction. Our picks for books, videos, websites, and other social justice resources 38.2 Check out these valuable resources, reviewed by Rethinking Schools editors and Teaching for Change colleagues. Baltimore Students Fight for Climate Justice — and Their Own Lives Bill Bigelow Bigelow discusses a recent episode of the NPR podcast Code Switch focused on student organized climate victory in Baltimore. If I Could Rewind That Morning Xavier Pierce A former 5th-grade paraprofessional reflects on how racism shaped a student-teacher interaction in a classroom that also fostered trust, joy, and exploration. Books Aren’t Enough to Challenge Rape Culture Sarah Rose Silverman A high school English teacher describes how she encouraged students to disrupt and speak out against rape culture while reading the novel Speak. “Yes, Sir!” — Turning Students into Soldiers Sylvia McGauley A review of Breaking the War Habit by Seth Kershner, Scott Harding, and Charles Howlett Search News from Rethinking Schools The Teaching for Black Lives Starter Pack Get the free Teaching for Black Lives Starter Pack when you sign up today for email updates from Rethinking Schools. Photo: Joe Brusky About Rethinking Schools Rethinking Schools began in 1986, when a group of Milwaukee education activists — teachers, teacher educators, and community members — met to talk about how they could bring more critical voices into the conversation about public schools and libraries. These founding Rethinking Schools editors saw a school curriculum that was conservative, dumbed-down, and dominated by corporate-produced textbooks. Inappropriate standardized testing was rampant. Racial bias infected every level of schooling. Our History Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Advertise Updates Events Archive Magazine Tables of Contents Zinn Education Project 1-800-669-4192 Facebook Twitter Instagram Donate Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Address Search for: Copyright © 2024 Rethinking Schools All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy