Home | National Museum of American History Skip to main content Smithsonian Donate Explore Topics Women's History African American History National Museum of American History Visit Explore Collections Education Events Support About Search Welcome to American History The museum's world class collections help tell the complex history of our nation. We are located on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Open today 10:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. Plan Your Visit Explore Entertainment Nation Entertainment has the power to captivate, inspire and transform us. It brings us together. We share it when we spontaneously recite lines from a favorite movie, dance to the same groove or recreate a national sports moment on a neighborhood street. It can also spur critical conversations, expose divides, and foster important historical change. Visit Entertainment Nation Stories The history behind Julian “Cannonball” Adderley’s saxophone Article The Funakoshi family’s memories of Disney Article What our visitors are saying about Entertainment Nation Article See More Stories Objects from the Collections Dorothy's Ruby Slippers Sixteen-year-old Judy Garland wore these sequined shoes as Dorothy Gale in the 1939 MGM musical film The Wizard of Oz. Muhammad Ali's Boxing Robe Muhammad Ali gained fame for his boxing skills, charisma, and the controversy he generated outside the ring. The Original Kermit Puppet Jim Henson's first Kermit puppet was made from his mother’s old spring coat and a pair of blue jeans. Browse All Collections As the nation’s history museum, we empower people to create a just and compassionate future by exploring, preserving, and sharing the complexity of our past. About Our Mission Featured Events Innovative Lives: Shawn Springs Wednesday, March 27, 2024 Smithsonian Jazz Masterworks Orchestra Jazz Appreciation Month "Aspects of Ellington" Concert Friday, April 05, 2024 Smithsonian Jazz Masterworks Orchestra "Sarah Vaughan: The Divine One" Saturday, June 01, 2024 View All Events Dive Into Exhibitions Entertainment Nation Entertainment has the power to captivate, inspire and transform us. On View 3 West ¡De última hora! Latinas Report Breaking News This bilingual exhibition showcases the work of seven Latina journalists on Spanish-language television. On View 2 West We Belong Here Coinciding with the 50th anniversary of the federal legislation that unintentionally helped bring equality to sports, this 30-foot display case illuminates three athletes’ stories. On View 1 Center Online Explore All Exhibitions Women in Entertainment History Ella Fitzgerald Jenny Lind Selena Jeni LeGon Billie Jean King Celia Cruz Donate Today and Make History Help us to preserve, protect, and display America's historic treasures. Donate Today Historical Topics Women's History African American History Latino History American Culture Explore More Topics National Museum of American History Facebook Instagram YouTube Hours & Admission Open every day, except December 25, from 10:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Admission is free and no tickets are required. Location & Contact 1300 Constitution Ave NW, Washington, DC 20560 Contact Information Our mission is to empower people to create a just and compassionate future by exploring, preserving, and sharing the complexity of our past. Sign Up For Our NewsletterDonate Email powered by MailChimp (Privacy Policy & Terms of Use) Press Center Shop Museum Store Smithsonian Institution Privacy Terms of Use Back to top