BrooklynVegan Music Metal BV Metal News Invisible Oranges Metal Show Calendars Punk Rap Dance Comedy Comedy NYC Comedy Calendar Movies Tours Listings What’s Going On (NYC) BV Presents Events NYC Show Calendar Chicago Show Calendar Austin Show Calendar Metal Show Calendars Contact Contact About Us Newsletter Shop More: Vinyl Shop BrooklynVegan Podcast New Songs Contests What’s Going on Tonight in NYC Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Spotify Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok More: Vinyl Shop BrooklynVegan Podcast New Songs Contests What’s Going on Tonight in NYC Home The Damned announce classic '80s lineup NYC show with The Dictators & Lenny Kaye 'Nuggets' (BV presale) Our Favorite Songs of the Week (playlist) Power Trip add Ceremony, Frozen Soul & more to NYC and Dallas shows Indie Basement (3/1): the week in classic indie, college rock & more Notable Releases of the Week (3/1) Our 20 Favorite Hardcore Albums of 2023 33 great 2023 albums from indie / alternative legends 50 Best Punk Albums of 2023 16 Metal Bands to Watch in 2023 12 essential, trailblazing '60s/'70s folk albums by women Talking Heads albums ranked worst to best 15 great TV shows from 2023 to binge 13 Great Country Albums from 2023 13 Classic '80s Goth Songs BrooklynVegan's Top 55 Albums of 2023 10 emo bands you need to be following in 2023 Indie Basement: Top 40 Albums of 2023 26 seconds ago Drake adds two NJ shows with Lil Wayne & Lil Durk to end of tour Drake is on tour now, and he just added two more NYC-area shows to the end of it. 8 hours ago What's Going on Tuesday? Tuesday’s NYC-area shows include Hurray for the Riff Raff, Domo Genesis, Hamilton Leithauser, and more. 14 hours ago Tour news: Two Door Cinema Club, Sweeping Promises, Elephant Stone, Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs, more Plus: ML Buch, Old Crow Medicine Show, Machinedrum, American Culture and more tour and festival news. 16 hours ago 12 New Songs Out Today Listen to new songs by Shabazz Palaces ft. Lavarr The Starr, La Dispute, Lamplight, Porij, Autoheart, and more. 17 hours ago Dave Grohl & Martin Short added to Love Rocks NYC 2024 ++ livestream announced The 2024 edition of the benefit for God’s Love We Deliver also features The Black Keys, Nile Rodgers, Tom Morello, Trombone Shorty, Allison Russell, and more. 17 hours ago Nation of Language's Bowery Ballroom run is underway (Night 2 pics w/ Guerilla Toss & Abe Seifert) The setlist for each of Nation of Language’s three Bowery shows was chose by a different member of the band. 17 hours ago Dropkick Murphys livestreaming St. Patrick's Day show If you can’t make it to Dropkick Murphy’s hometown Boston St. Patrick’s day show this month, you can also stream it live. 17 hours ago This Is Lorelei (Water From Your Eyes' Nate Amos) announces new LP, shares "Dancing in the Club" This Is Lorelei has tour dates lined up on the way to and from SXSW with Omni and fantasy of a broken heart. 18 hours ago Old Crow Medicine Show announce tour w/ Molly Tuttle & Golden Highway, more 18 hours ago Machinedrum announces new album & tour, shares "ZOOM" ft Tinashe ‘3FOR82’ is out May 24 via Ninja Tune and also features collabs with Jesse Boykins III,Duckwrth, Mick Jenkins, and more Load More Articles Our 20 Favorite Hardcore Albums of 2023 33 great 2023 albums from indie / alternative legends 13 Great Country Albums from 2023 15 great TV shows from 2023 to binge Tour news: Devo, The Menzingers / Lucero, Fuming Mouth, Ho99o9, LCD Soundsystem, more GoFundMe launched for Saint Vitus Bar staff; more shows moved from venue during temporary closure Aftershock 2024 lineup (Slayer, Iron Maiden, ICP, Slipknot, Mötley Crüe, Pantera, Judas Priest, more) Power Trip add Ceremony, Frozen Soul & more to NYC and Dallas shows Little Miss Nasty brought burlesque to NYC's Paradise Club (pics) Ovlov brought out Porches at Market Hotel show with Sweet93 & Lola Star (pics, setlist) Nation of Language's Bowery Ballroom run is underway (Night 2 pics w/ Guerilla Toss & Abe Seifert) Gathering of the Juggalos 2023 in (NSFW) pics Godspeed You! Black Emperor debuted 3 new songs at tour kickoff at Knockdown Center (listen ++ pics, 2024 dates) Tibet House 2024 in pics: Laurie Anderson, Philip Glass, Maggie Rogers, Jlin, Joan Baez, Maya Hawke, more Sign Up For Our NewsletterEmail Address(Required) EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Popular Green Man Festival announces 2024 lineup Tour news: Devo, The Menzingers / Lucero, Fuming Mouth, Ho99o9, LCD Soundsystem, more Pixies announce new bassist to replace Paz Lenchatin Old Crow Medicine Show announce tour w/ Molly Tuttle & Golden Highway, more Tonight in NYC What's Going on Tuesday? Notable Releases Notable Releases of the Week (3/1) Indie Basement Indie Basement: Best Songs & Albums of February 2024 Playlists Our Favorite Songs of the Week (playlist) New Songs 12 New Songs Out Today BrooklynVegan InformationHome About Us Contact Us E-mail List Sign Up Privacy Policy RSS Follow Us Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Spotify Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok © BrooklynVegan, All rights reserved. BrooklynVegan is a member of REVOLT Publishing Network.