COVID-19 | Health Information and Services Skip to main content Search Menu Mental health Log in to My Health Record Log in to My Health Record Site Conditions & treatments Immunisations Keeping healthy Pregnancy & children Mental health Services & support Home / Conditions and treatments / Infectious diseases / COVID-19 Te KOWHEORI-19 COVID-19 Find out about COVID-19 symptoms, testing, isolation, masks and what to do if you test positive. About COVID-19 → external link Find out about COVID-19 symptoms, spread, who is at high risk, treatment and prevention. COVID-19 testing → external link If you test positive for COVID-19, you should report your result online so you can be connected with help and support if needed. If you have COVID-19 → external link Find out what to do if you test positive, how to protect those around you, and what happens after your isolation period. COVID-19 vaccines → external link COVID-19 vaccines are available and free for everyone aged 5 and over. Find out when to get them, about the types of COVID-19 vaccines used, and how to show proof of immunisation. COVID-19 antiviral medicine → external link Find out about free antiviral medicines, who is eligible to get them and how to get them. Face masks → external link Face masks are a way we can protect ourselves and others. Find out when you should wear one and how to wear one safely. Long COVID → external link Long COVID is when the effects of COVID-19 last longer than 12 weeks. Find out the symptoms of long COVID and how you can manage them. Downloadable posters and resources Support your community to keep safe from COVID-19 with downloadable posters and resources. COVID-19 Resource Toolkit (external link)↗ COVID-19 proactive releases COVID-19 proactive releases that were published on the Unite against COVID-19 website can be found on the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet (DPMC) website. COVID-19 proactive releases — DPMC (external link)↗ Accessibility Contact us Copyright Privacy © Te Whatu Ora — Health New Zealand