Architect of the Capitol | Serve, Preserve, Inspire Skip to main content Navigate to Homepage Search Main navigation Explore the Capitol Campus Art Buildings & Grounds Capitol Hill Facts Visitor Resources Our Blog What We Do Areas of Expertise Programs & Ceremonies Projects Publications Strategic Objectives About Us Who We Are History of the AOC News & Notices Organizational Structure Partnerships & Recognition Work With Us Search Architect of the Capitol Preserving the Historic Buildings that Inspire Our Nation What We Do Our Work A Tradition of Ingenuity Our work inspires a nation. We are the artisans, historians, and craftspeople who preserve and maintain the landmark buildings, monuments, art and grounds of the Capitol campus. Buildings & Grounds The Capitol campus is made up of more than 18.4 million square feet of facilities, and 570 acres of grounds. Discover the Campus Projects We ensure every visitor to Capitol Hill experiences the grandeur of these historic treasures at their very best. Our Work Art & Artists We are responsible for the care of thousands of works of historical art. View the Collection Stories New & Noteworthy Delve deeper into the stories behind the people, art, history and grounds that make up the Capitol. Public Notice FY 2023 Performance and Accountability Report Available The Architect of the Capitol's Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2023 is now available online. Behind the Scenes Leaves On, Leaves Off: Capitol Grounds Works Through the Winter In the bleak winter, when most Washingtonians are looking to stay indoors, the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) Capitol Grounds and Arboretum team still spends a lot of time outside. History & Discoveries Artfully Yours, George Washington While George Washington never actually graced the halls of the U.S. Capitol, his presence, influence and even his likeness, is everywhere including 35 pieces of art. Public Notice Volume 27 of Tholos Magazine Now Available Highlights include articles featuring the Architect's Citation Award winner, sustainability, summer internships and the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree. Public Notice Six Tips for Sledding Safely on Capitol Hill This winter, sections of the U.S. Capitol Grounds West Front may be open for community sledding during daylight hours (dawn to dusk). More Stories Image Expertise Skillful Craftmanship We serve in diverse roles applying both modern techniques and historical tradecrafts in the care and preservation of the Capitol campus. Areas of Expertise Serve. Preserve. Inspire. Contact Us Accountability Hill Staff Resources AOC Staff Resources Utility Privacy Policy Image Terms of Use Inspector General U.S. Botanic Garden U.S. Capitol Visitor Center Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Back to Top