NBC Sports - news, scores, stats, rumors, videos, and more Skip navigation Search Query Submit Search MLB NFL NBA NHL NASCAR Premier League College Football College Basketball Horse Racing Top News Basketball Pickups: Duop Reath continues to thrive as starter Noah Rubin, Noah Rubin, Donny Schatz scores 500th win in the Bike Week Jamboree at Volusia Speedway Park Dan Beaver, Dan Beaver, EVR makes up for Cognizant miss at Seminole; Tiger back of pack Rex Hoggard, Rex Hoggard, Top Clips PL Update: Arsenal outgun Blades in 6-0 rout Arteta ‘really happy’ with Arsenal’s win v. Blades Odegaard: Arsenal in ‘absolutely top-class’ form Trending Teams Washington Commanders St. Louis Cardinals New York Yankees Profile Profile Login Favorites Favorites Sign up to follow your favorites on all your devices. Sign up All Sports All Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Soccer Motors NASCAR College Football College Basketball Golf Olympics Fantasy Sports Tennis Horse Racing Cycling WNBA On Her Turf Figure Skating Dog Show AA Bowl Rugby Rotoworld Rotoworld Fantasy Home Betting Home Fantasy Football Matthew Berry Fantasy Baseball Baseball Draft Guide Fantasy Basketball Basketball Season Tools Draft Guide Bundle PFT Golf Channel Watch Podcasts Peacock Betting Home Telemundo Deportes Paris 2024 Olympics Team USA Olympics GolfNow GolfPass SportsEngine Search Query Submit Search MLB NFL NBA NHL NASCAR Premier League College Football College Basketball Horse Racing Top News Basketball Pickups: Duop Reath continues to thrive as starter Noah Rubin, Noah Rubin, Donny Schatz scores 500th win in the Bike Week Jamboree at Volusia Speedway Park Dan Beaver, Dan Beaver, EVR makes up for Cognizant miss at Seminole; Tiger back of pack Rex Hoggard, Rex Hoggard, Top Clips PL Update: Arsenal outgun Blades in 6-0 rout Arteta ‘really happy’ with Arsenal’s win v. Blades Odegaard: Arsenal in ‘absolutely top-class’ form Trending Teams Washington Commanders St. Louis Cardinals New York Yankees All Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Soccer Motors NASCAR College Football College Basketball Golf Olympics Fantasy Sports Tennis Horse Racing Cycling WNBA On Her Turf Figure Skating Dog Show AA Bowl Rugby Rotoworld Fantasy Home Betting Home Fantasy Football Matthew Berry Fantasy Baseball Baseball Draft Guide Fantasy Basketball Basketball Season Tools Draft Guide Bundle PFT Golf Channel Watch Podcasts Favorites Profile Peacock Betting Home Telemundo Deportes Paris 2024 Olympics Team USA Olympics GolfNow GolfPass SportsEngine Favorites Profile Login Menu Favorites Sign up to follow your favorites on all your devices. Sign up League EPL NBA NHL CBK Date 13:35 Quarterback takeaways from the 2024 NFL Combine Chris Simms and Ahmed Fareed give their takeaways at the quarterback position after the 2024 NFL Scouting Combine. Live and Upcoming Paris-Nice: Stage 3 Tue, Mar 058:50AM EST Peacock Tue, Mar 052:30PM EST Darius Rucker: Rd. 2 Peacock Tue, Mar 052:30PM EST Darius Rucker Intercollegiate - Rd 2 Golf Channel View Full Schedule Top Headlines Westbrook has surgery on fractured hand, hopes to return for playoffs Kurt Helin, Kurt Helin, Bears acquire OL Bates from Bills for fifth-round pick Charean Williams, Charean Williams, Sources: Indications are building of potential Cousins move to Atlanta Mike Florio, Mike Florio, Broncos to release QB Wilson Myles Simmons, Myles Simmons, Chiefs officially place franchise tag on Sneed Charean Williams, Charean Williams, Six-time All-Pro C Kelce retires after 13 seasons in the NFL Mike Florio, Mike Florio, Big Ten Men’s Basketball Bracketology: It’s closing time The final week of the regular season marks one last call for season-defining wins in the Big Ten. Aidan Berg, Aidan Berg, How to watch: Arnold Palmer Invitational, Puerto Rico Open It’s a busy week in the golf world. Here’s how you can watch it all. Golf Channel Staff, Golf Channel Staff, Latest Player News NFL MLB NBA PGA Tour All Player News Ryan Bates BUF Guard #71 Bears traded a fifth round pick to Buffalo for OL Ryan Bates. General Manager Ryan poles initially targeted the veteran offensive lineman in the 2022 free agent cycle but was unsuccessful after the Bills matched his offer sheet, now landing him for a 2024 fifth round pick. The five-year pro played every game of his career in Buffalo, starting 19 games across 73 appearances. The Vikings also pursued Bates in 2022 after reports surfaced that they viewed him as a starting right guard. Bates should enter camp in a loose competition for a starting role on the interior offensive line for the Bears, a team that returns both Nate Davis and Teven Jenkins at guard. Dak Prescott DAL Quarterback #4 Cowboys QB Dak Prescott said he’s “definitely confident” about the possibility of him getting a new contract extension. It was reported in February that Prescott would likely sign a new deal before the start of free agency to help free up cap space for the Cowboys. Prescott carries a cap hit of $59.455 million this season, with a base salary of $29 million. While Jerry Jones is on record saying an extension for Prescott isn’t something the team needs to do, the team currently sits at just over $4 million over the league cap and could alleviate that pressure with a Prescott extension. Prescott played some of his best ball in 2023, throwing for 4,516-36-9 while leading the Cowboys to a 12-5 record. For a player who should have plenty of good seasons left in the tank, an extension feels like it would make the most sense for both sides. Russell Wilson FA Quarterback #3 NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reports the Broncos have informed Russell Wilson he will be released. The release of Wilson ends one of the more disappointing quarterback tenures in recent memory. Acquired from the Seahawks in exchange for two first-round draft picks, a second-round draft pick, a fifth-round pick, and players, Wilson was the presumed answer to the Broncos’ years-long quarterback woes in a post-Peyton Manning era. He immediately signed a five-year, $242 million contract extension with the Broncos shortly after being acquired, which included $161 million in guaranteed money. Interestingly, the first year of Wilson’s deal was set to kick in at the start of 2024, but he’ll now be playing elsewhere while earning roughly $39 million in guaranteed money from the Broncos. In two seasons with the Broncos, Wilson threw for 6,594-42-19, with the team going 11-19 in his starts. Still a more-than-capable starter; there are several teams who could elevate their passing game by signing Wilson, who should have a nice market. Wilson’s release will become official when the new league year starts on March 13th. If Wilson is designated as a post-June 1st cut, he will count as a $35.4 million dead cap hit in 2024 and a $49.6 million dead cap hit in 2025, per Spotrac.com. L'Jarius Sneed KC Cornerback #38 NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reports the Chiefs have franchise tagged L’Jarius Sneed and granted him permission to speak with teams about a trade. As Rapoport notes, if Sneed is unable to find a trade partner, it’s possible he just plays out the 2024 season on the franchise tag with the Chiefs. Arguably one of the top corners in the league right now, Sneed, 27, could instantly improve any secondary upon his arrival. The four-year vet earned a PFF coverage grade of 71.9 last season while allowing no touchdowns on 81 targets and breaking up 10 passes. If he were to play out the year on the tag, Sneed would earn a guaranteed $19.802 million next season. Christian Wilkins MIA Defensive Tackle #94 NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reports the Dolphins will not franchise tag DT Christian Wilkins. It was reported on Sunday that the Dolphins were unlikely to tag Wilkins, but that became official on Monday, according to Rapoport. Wilkins will be one of the top free agents on the market and is fresh off a season in which he totaled 65 tackles and a career-high nine sacks. Wilkins will be 28 at the start of next season and can immediately bolster any defensive line in need of help. Jason Kelce FA Center #62 Jason Kelce retired from the NFL after 13 seasons. Kelce spent all 13 seasons with the Eagles and became one of the most beloved figures in Philadelphia sports history during that time. The seven-time Pro Bowler and six-time All-Pro has mulled retirement for the last several years but is finally ready to hang it up. Widely regarded as one of the best centers in NFL history, Kelce anchored the Eagles’ offensive line for the 2017 season when the team won their first Super Bowl in league history and played in 193 of a possible 211 regular season games during his career, last missing a game in 2014. A true iron man of the sport, Kelce will almost certainly find himself in the Hall of Fame in the coming years. Kirk Cousins MIN Quarterback #8 Speaking on the Pat McAfee Show, ESPN’s Adam Schefter said “maybe Washington jumps in” to try and sign Kirk Cousins this offseason. According to Schefter, the Commanders are “open to anything” with the No. 2 overall pick, including making a trade back to acquire additional picks. This isn’t the first time Cousin’s name has been linked to Washington, who he spent the first six years of his career with. Schefter also noted that the Vikings and Falcons are expected to be the two primary suitors for Cousins, but it’s worth noting that Cousins’ departure from Washington back in 2018 had more to do with the regime in place at that time not wanting to commit to him long-term. With those characters now gone, an enticing offer from the Commanders could be enough to bring him back if he’s interested in doing so. Caleb Williams FA Quarterback Sports Illustrated’s Albert Breer reports the Bears are expected to meet with Caleb Williams after his Pro Day. While we don’t know the exact date for this visit, USC’s Pro Day is scheduled for March 20th. This could prove meaningful for Justin Fields, as the team has yet to decide whether or not they will trade him and start over at QB by selecting Williams with the No. 1 pick next month or roll with Fields as their starter next season. All signs point to the Bears drafting Williams with the top pick, which means they would inevitably trade Fields to a QB-needy team. With the new league season and free agency set to kickoff March 13th, it’s possible the Bears trade Fields before meeting with Williams to ensure his trade market is at its peak. Mike Evans TB Wide Receiver #13 Buccaneers signed WR Mike Evans to a two-year, $52 million contract. Evans’ new deal includes $35 million in guaranteed money. Just days after it was announced Evans would test free agency in hopes of joining a team with an elite quarterback, the 10-year vet has opted to return to the Buccaneers, who are also expected to re-sign Baker Mayfield at some point in the offseason. Evans will be 31 at the start of next season and remains at the top of his game. His 1,255 yards were his most since 2018, while his 15.9 YPR was his highest mark since 2019. Playing in a down-bad NFC South, the Buccaneers should once again push for a playoff berth next season, but the offense could look a bit different with former offensive coordinator Dave Canales now in Carolina. Jason Kelce PHI Center #62 Jason Kelce said he has “come to a decision” on his future and will announce it at a press conference on Monday afternoon. Kelce has been mulling retirement since the Eagles’ season came to an end following their Wild Card loss to the Buccaneers. Kelce reportedly told teammates he would retire prior to the team’s playoff loss, but that report has since been refuted. The seven-time Pro Bowler and six-time All-Pro has strung together a hall-of-fame caliber resumé during his 13 year career, and has little left to prove at this point. With that said, the Eagles remain one of the top teams in the NFC and could have another Super Bowl run in them next season. WATCH NOW Premier League: Every goal from Matchweek 27 March 4, 2024 05:02 PM Watch all the goals from Matchweek 27 of the 2023-24 Premier League season. Up Next 18:22 Premier League: Every goal from Matchweek 27 Now Playing 4:12 Kelce makes emotional retirement announcement Now Playing 3:06 Odegaard: Arsenal in ‘absolutely top-class’ form Now Playing 8:32 Simms: Odunze has a Davante Adams type of skillset Now Playing 4:53 ‘No guarantees’ in Big Ten women’s tournament Now Playing 12:35 Williams upsets established order at combine Now Playing 5:28 Honoring Mortensen’s legacy as NFL journalist Now Playing 16:51 Highlights: 2024 Paris-Nice, Stage 2 Now Playing 16:39 LeBron hitting 40K adds to long GOAT resume Now Playing 5:01 What to expect from revamped short track package Now Playing NBC Sports Podcasts The 2 Robbies Robbie Mustoe and Robbie Earle discuss and dissect the top Premier League storylines after every single matchweek. Listen here Title 24 15x AMA Champion Ricky Carmichael and 9x AMA Champion Ryan Villopoto recap the week in Supercross and Motocross racing. Listen here NASCAR on NBC The expert analysts of NASCAR on NBC take a deep, insightful dive into every Cup race. Listen here Go B1G or Go Home Former college basketball players Meghan McKeown, Zora Stephenson, and Robbie Hummel take charge with Big Ten hoops insights. Listen here Chris Simms Unbuttoned The former QB gives his unfiltered analysis on all things NFL. Clap it up! Listen here Bet the Edge From spreads and totals to futures and player props, Jay Croucher and Drew Dinsick have you covered. Listen here Fantasy Football Happy Hour Join Matthew Berry and the crew for the latest information on the NFL and fantasy football. Listen here Rotoworld Football Show RotoPat, Denny Carter, Kyle Dvorchak and others from the Rotoworld crew give their analysis and opinions on all things NFL. Listen here 2024 Scouting Combine 09:31 How swimming helped Williams’ throwing abilities Mike Florio and Chris Simms welcome Caleb Williams to gain insight into where his physical abilities stem from, his decision to not do a medical exam at the Combine, shows his grip on the ball and more. 12:05 Travis is getting ‘stronger’ each day after injury Jordan Travis chats with Mike Florio and Chris Simms about dealing with his late-season injury, the strength in Florida State’s defense this year and more. 05:04 Paul inspired to make change both on and off field Houston OT Patrick Paul chats with Connor Rogers about his experience at the Senior Bowl, why his Nigerian culture inspires him to become a politician, his interest in martial arts, and more. 10:04 Nix believes his arm strength is being undervalued Mike Florio and Chris Simms are joined by Oregon QB Bo Nix to gain insight on his time at Auburn, how he processes pre- and post-snap, why training with Drake Maye has brought out the best in both of them and more. 11:51 Daniels focused on not being ‘too good to learn’ LSU QB Jayden Daniels joins Mike Florio and Chris Simms to discuss his throwing mechanics, how he can clean up his footwork, his biggest takeaway from Arizona State, similarities to Joe Burrow and more. 04:01 How Notre Dame prepared Alt for NFL Notre Dame offensive tackle Joe Alt talks with Connor Rogers about the competitive household he grew up in, how Notre Dame prepared him for the NFL, blocking for Sam Hartman and more. 08:47 Maye tells how Brown got him to decommit from Bama Mike Florio and Chris Simms are joined by QB Drake Maye to hear how Mack Brown recruited him to North Carolina, what he’s focused on improving for the NFL level and more. Premier League 07:55 PL Update: Arsenal outgun Blades in 6-0 rout Paul Burmeister, Danny Higginbotham, and Robbie Mustoe analyze Arsenal’s 6-0 win against Sheffield United and debate over Arsenal’s chances to keep this momentum going during the final stretch of the season. 03:26 Arteta ‘really happy’ with Arsenal’s win v. Blades Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta speaks to the media following his side’s 6-0 victory against Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. Premier League fixtures 2023-24: Schedule, how to watch live, dates, odds Check out the Premier League fixtures and results for the 2023-24 season Joe Prince-Wright, Joe Prince-Wright, 02:05 Arsenal were ‘stunning’ in one-sided win v. Blades Paul Burmeister, Danny Higginbotham, and Robbie Mustoe react to Arsenal’s stunning 6-0 victory over Sheffield at Bramall Lane to close out Matchweek 27. NFL Brandon Graham and Eagles both interested in a return in 2024 On the same day that the longtime Eagle Jason Kelce announced his retirement, reports emerged that longtime Eagle Brandon Graham may be back in 2024. Michael David Smith, Michael David Smith, More than 10,000 have taken EA’s NIL offer for college football game — but not Arch Manning EA has offered roughly 11,000 players $600 and a free copy of the upcoming college football video game. Mike Florio, Mike Florio, Dak Prescott “excited” to see what Jerry Jones means by “all-in” Owner Jerry Jones was “all-in” for the 2024 season . . . until he wasn’t. Charean Williams, Charean Williams, Russell Wilson becomes very attractive option, if he’ll take the league minimum When things went sideways between the Broncos and quarterback Russell Wilson late in the 2023 regular season, we picked up two fairly strong indications at the time. Mike Florio, Mike Florio, Fantasy Baseball 2024 Get Your Draft Guide Today Knock your draft out of the park with the Rotoworld Baseball Draft Guide, which features rankings, player profiles, projections, expert mocks and more to get you ready. Don’t forget to use code BASEBALL24 for 10% off. Fantasy Baseball Spring Training (Over)Reactions Eric Samulski runs through some early spring training results and overreacts for fantasy. Eric Samulski, Eric Samulski, 02:57 How should fantasy managers draft pitchers? Eric Samulski and Scott Pianowski analyze how fantasy baseball managers should fill their pitching staffs in drafts, taking advantage of the market’s fluidity by waiting until later in the draft for mid-tier starters. 2024 Rotoworld Mock Draft: Acuña Jr., Carroll lead It’s Ronald Acuña Jr. and a trio of five-category superstars headlining our industry-expert mock draft, part of our 2024 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide. Rotoworld Staff, Rotoworld Staff, Spring training starting pitcher notes, takeaways Eric Samulski breaks down what to keep an eye on this spring training with fantasy baseball starting pitchers. Eric Samulski, Eric Samulski, 04:13 Bellinger returns to best possible spot with Cubs Eric Samulski and Scott Pianowski react to Cody Bellinger’s decision to re-sign with the Chicago Cubs and assess the rest of the fantasy outfield picture. Top 100 Starting Pitchers for 2024: Cole, Strider, Castillo Eric Samulski breaks down his list of top 100 starting pitchers for the 2024 fantasy season. Eric Samulski, Eric Samulski, Rotoworld Basketball Pickups: Duop Reath continues to thrive as starter Duop Reath leads Monday’s pickups after setting new career-highs. Noah Rubin, Noah Rubin, Stock Up, Stock Down: WRs Xavier Legette, Ricky Pearsall flying high after NFL combine Lawrence Jackson breaks down which players saw their draft and fantasy stocks rise and fall after the 2024 NFL Scouting Combine. Lawrence Jackson Jr., Lawrence Jackson Jr., Should the Dolphins re-sign Tua Tagovailoa? Denny Carter argues there are plenty of reasons why the Dolphins offense under Mike McDaniel could operate similarly with a QB other than Tua Tagovailoa. Denny Carter, Denny Carter, Fantasy Baseball Spring Training (Over)Reactions Eric Samulski runs through some early spring training results and overreacts for fantasy. Eric Samulski, Eric Samulski, Olympics World Indoor Championships end with world record, U.S. golds OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, U.S. athletes qualified for 2024 Paris Olympics OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Sutume Kebede, Benson Kipruto win Tokyo Marathon; Sifan Hassan 4th, Eliud Kipchoge 10th OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Germany has most dominant bobsled world championships ever OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, 2024 Tokyo Marathon Results OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Grant Holloway extends 9-year win streak with world indoor hurdles title OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Therese Johaug eyes cross-country skiing comeback OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Arianna Fontana, 11-time Olympic medalist, entered in short track worlds after 2 years away OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, ISA World Surfing Games finals air live on NBC Sports YouTube, Peacock OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Christian Coleman, Ryan Crouser take gold to open world indoors OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, NBA Antetokounmpo, Middleton out but Bucks still beat Clippers for 6th straight victory The Clippers led by 15 in the third quarter but struggled with execution down the stretch. Associated Press, Associated Press, Cavaliers Donovan Mitchell has PRP treatment on left knee, out at least three more games Mitchell has already missed the last two Cavaliers games with a knee bone bruise. Kurt Helin, Kurt Helin, Time to Place a Few Bucks on Milwaukee? Milwaukee’s Chances in the Central Division and the Eastern Conference assessed on Bet the EDGE NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, Devin Booker reportedly to be out at least 7-10 days with sprained ankle The Suns are 4-7 in games Booker has missed this season. Kurt Helin, Kurt Helin, College Football College Football Transfer Portal Tracker The College Football Transfer Portal is underway. Here is a one-stop shop to track which big-name players are on the move this offseason. NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, NFL Combine 2024 risers and fallers: Payton Wilson, Chop Robinson among defensive standouts Eric Froton breaks down a handful of defensive players who have seen their draft stocks rise and fall while he’s been at the 2024 NFL Scouting Combine. Eric Froton, Eric Froton, Report: CFP discussing 14-team model with 3 automatic bids each for Big Ten, SEC The 14-team model being considered would have a field comprised of 11 automatic bids and three at-large selections. Associated Press, Associated Press, NFL Draft Combine 2024: Schedule, Location, Top Players, Full Participants List, Best Performances Here’s everything you need to know about the 2024 NFL Draft Combine, including schedule, events, participants, history and more. NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, College Basketball 06:32 Clark is ready to ‘move on’ from college hoops Go B1G or Go Home reflects on the impact of Caitlin Clark’s record-breaking day and examines how her superstardom will translate to the WNBA. 05:10 How much do conference titles matter? Zora, Meghan and Robbie discuss the value of regular season and conference tournament titles and look ahead to the conclusion of the men’s and women’s seasons in the Big Ten. Big Ten Women’s Basketball Bracketology: Minneapolis, here we come Here’s what to expect as the Big Ten Women’s Basketball Tournament kicks off and teams fight for NCAA seeding. Aidan Berg, Aidan Berg, 08:59 Big Ten in 10: Illinois faces closing gauntlet Vaughn Dalzell and Robbie Hummel preview Illinois’ crucial matchup with Purdue, discuss Iowa’s chances of making the NCAA Tournament and wonder what’s going wrong with Wisconsin. MLB MLB Free Agency Tracker 2023-24: Top players available, latest signings Shohei Ohtani, Yoshinobu Yamamoto, Cody Bellinger, and Blake Snell highlight this year’s class of free agents. Rotoworld Staff, Rotoworld Staff, Top 111 MLB Free Agents for 2024: From Shohei Ohtani to Shelby Miller Matthew Pouliot offers rankings and writeups of MLB’s top 111 free agents, from Shohei to Shelby. Matthew Pouliot, Matthew Pouliot, 02:28 How should managers rank Snell in 2024? Eric Samuelski and Scott Pianowski discuss the difficulty of projecting Blake Snell in fantasy baseball for 2024. 03:29 Ober’s uptick in velocity gives him more value Eric Samuelski and Scott Pianowski analyze the uptick in velocity for Bailey Ober, discussing why it should provide more value for the Minnesota Twins starting pitcher in fantasy baseball. Motor Sports Donny Schatz scores 500th win in the Bike Week Jamboree at Volusia Speedway Park Donny Schatz: “I think all the accolades and things that happen that are milestones, you put in the back of your mind until you’re done racing and then it’s a reflection. ... While you’re racing all it does is slow you down.” Dan Beaver, Dan Beaver, Celebration over, it’s back to work for NASCAR Truck winner Rajah Caruth The Winston-Salem State University senior has class assignments due this week, just days after his first Truck win. Dustin Long, Dustin Long, Jett Lawrence is Jett Lawrence’s biggest competition As Eli Tomac and Chase Sexton raced one another in Daytona, Jett Lawrence raced Jett Lawrence and made a statement about his future. Dan Beaver, Dan Beaver, 06:16 Team effort behind Larson’s dominant Vegas victory Marty Snider, Jeff Burton and Steve Letarte discuss their takeaways from Las Vegas Motor Speedway and whether anyone can catch up with Kyle Larson and Hendrick Motorsports. Betting Time to Place a Few Bucks on Milwaukee? Milwaukee’s Chances in the Central Division and the Eastern Conference assessed on Bet the EDGE NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, 06:17 Paths to NBA 6MOY honors for Monk, Powell Bet the Edge lays out how Malik Monk and Norm Powell could win NBA Sixth Man of the Year honors this year and why Powell is a viable candidate to consider backing. 04:03 Illinois could be Big Ten’s ‘sleeper’ in March Jay Croucher and Vaughn Dalzell discuss Illinois’ current odds of winning the Big Ten tournament and why Ohio State could be a fun flier to consider. Betting the Top of the NFL Draft The Intrigue Begins with the Second Overall Pick NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, Golf EVR makes up for Cognizant miss at Seminole; Tiger back of pack Meanwhile, Tiger Woods finished near the back of the pack in both the gross and net divisions. Rex Hoggard, Rex Hoggard, Rex & Lav: AK’s comeback coincides with Tour’s star-power outage A lot was left unsaid about Anthony Kim’s return, while the Tour could use a notable ‘W’. Golf Channel Staff, Golf Channel Staff, 06:09 Roundtable: Green, Boutier, Shinnecock Hills The Golf Today roundtable reacts to Hannah Green’s win over the weekend, Céline Boutier’s second-place finish, the upcoming LPGA schedule and the news that Shinnecock Hills will host the U.S. Women’s Open in 2036. 06:14 Rest v. rust conundrum Tiger’s ‘unsolvable riddle’ George Savaricas and Ryan Lavner react to Tiger Woods taking part in the Seminole pro-member this week and discuss how -- or whether -- Woods can strike a balance between rest and reps ahead of majors. Full field for Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill A look at the initial event for the PGA Tour’s signature event at Bay Hill. Golf Channel Staff, Golf Channel Staff, LIV’s Niemann granted special invite into PGA Championship A PGA of America spokesperson confirmed that LIV Golf’s Joaquin Niemann has been granted a special invitation to play in this year’s PGA Championship. Rex Hoggard, Rex Hoggard, Brother From Another 06:15 There is no discounting Clark’s accomplishments Provide all the context you want, but nothing can disqualify what Caitlin Clark did to pass Pete Maravich as NCAA basketball’s all-time scoring leader. 04:31 Brown, BOS meet GSW’s disrespect with beatdown Michael Holley and Michael Smith react to the Celtics’ lopsided win over the Warriors and ponder if anyone can compete with Boston. 03:24 Smith: Harris ‘reeks of a meddlesome owner’ Michael Smith calls for Josh Harris to take a step back after the Commanders owner sat in on the team’s quarterback meetings at the NFL Scouting Combine. 06:49 Should 40-yard dash times affect draft stock? Although Xavier Worthy’s NFL Scouting Combine record 4.21 in the 40-yard dash was exciting and impressive, Michael Holley and Michael Smith question how helpful the test is in evaluating NFL prospects. On Her Turf 02:53 WBB HLs: Clark makes history, Iowa beats OSU 04:40 HLs: Clark overtakes Maravich, puts 35 on OSU Record-setting Caitlin Clark scores 35 as No. 6 Iowa defeats No. 2 Ohio State 93-83 Associated Press, Associated Press, Caitlin Clark Record Tracker: Points, assists, rebounds and award milestones for Iowa superstar NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, 30 Clark passes Maravich as NCAA scoring leader Caitlin Clark passes ‘Pistol’ Pete Maravich to break the NCAA DI scoring record Emily Iannaconi, Emily Iannaconi, How to watch Maryland vs Indiana: Time, streaming information for women’s college basketball game NBC Sports Staff, NBC Sports Staff, Caitlin Clark NCAA Scoring Record: How many points does Caitlin Clark need to pass ‘Pistol’ Pete Maravich? Aidan Berg, Aidan Berg, Alysa Liu plans figure skating comeback OlympicTalk, OlympicTalk, Iowa star Caitlin Clark announces she will enter the 2024 WNBA Draft Emily Iannaconi, Emily Iannaconi, Local coverage After retirement announcement, how will Eagles replace Jason Kelce? Jason Kelce retired on Monday and now the Eagles have to replace a legend who was still playing at an All-Pro level. Patriots Combine Notebook: Intel on Drake Maye, McAdoo’s role and more The Patriots left plenty of breadcrumbs at the NFL Combine. Phil Perry shares what he learned about the team’s future after a full week in Indy. 49ers legend Rice humorously critiques son Brenden’s combine workout 49ers Hall of Fame wide receiver Jerry Rice was jokingly critical of his son Brenden at the NFL Scouting Combine last weekend. Schrock’s Bears NFL mock draft 3.0: How to build contender around Caleb Williams The Bears appear to be locked in on Caleb Williams, and the rest of the draft should be about supporting him. Latest Premier League title race: Predicting who will win, analysis on remaining games The Premier League title race is a remarkable three horse race (at least) as we enter the final few months of the 2023-24 season. Joe Prince-Wright, Joe Prince-Wright, Premier League Power Rankings - Week 27 of the 2023-24 season The Premier League season is entering its final quarter and it’s all business now. Joe Prince-Wright, Joe Prince-Wright, Giants officially release Mark Glowinski The Giants made veteran offensive guard Mark Glowinski’s release official Monday. Charean Williams, Charean Williams, Report: Patriots plan to pursue Tyron Smith in free agency With veteran left tackle Tyron Smith preparing to leave Dallas in free agency, New England is a potential next stop. Michael David Smith, Michael David Smith, Arsenal tear through Sheffield United in 6-0 smackdown Arsenal deliver a five-goal first half at 20th-place Sheffield United, as Martin Odegaard and the Gunners score a half-dozen goals away at Bramall Lane. Nicholas Mendola, +1 More Nicholas Mendola, Andy Edwards, Load More Stay in the Know Subscribe to our Newsletter and Alerts Subscribe Sports College Basketball Cycling College Football Figure Skating Golf Horse Racing MLB Motor Sports NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Olympics Soccer Tennis USFL Fantasy Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Basketball Fantasy Football Stream & Podcast Clips & Highlights Sports Podcasts Stream on Peacock Watch Live NBC Sports on YouTube Apps NBC Sports iOS NBC Sports Android Peacock TV iOS Peacock TV Android Local Coverage NBC Sports Bay Area NBC Sports Boston NBC Sports Chicago NBC Sports Philadelphia twitter instagram facebook Ad Choices Advertise Careers Closed Captioning FAQ NBC Sports Store Press Box NEW Terms of Use (Updated June 28, 2023) Privacy Policy CA Notice Cookie Settings DISCLAIMER: This site and the products offered are for entertainment purposes only, and there is no gambling offered on this site. This service is intended for adult audiences. No guarantees are made for any specific outcome. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, please call 1-800-GAMBLER. PointsBet is our Official Sports Betting Partner and we may receive compensation if you place a bet on PointsBet for the first time after clicking our links.Ⓒ 2023 NBC Universal Close Ad