Sky & Telescope | Astronomy News, Tools & Resources - Sky & Telescope Update Location SUNSET: MOON: 90% Waxing Gibbous Interactive sky Chart Get Started Login Current Issue Renew Shop at Sky SEARCH CLOSE The Essential Guide to Astronomy MENU News Observing Tools The Essential Guide to Astronomy Clubs & Events Tours Subscribe Current Issue Renew Get Started Login Shop at Sky ASTRONOMY & OBSERVING NEWS Celestial Objects to Observe Meet Wezen, a Yellow Tail for a Big Dog By: Daniel Johnson March 4, 2024 Celestial News & Events This Week's Sky at a Glance, March 1 – 9 By: Alan MacRobert March 1, 2024 Sky Tour Astronomy Podcast March Podcast: A Barely-There Lunar Eclipse By: J. Kelly Beatty March 1, 2024 Exoplanets JWST Photographs Possible Giant Planets Around White Dwarfs By: AAS Nova March 5, 2024 JWST has directly imaged two giant exoplanets orbiting white dwarf stars. This discovery may reveal the fate of our solar system. continue reading Your 2024 Eclipse Guide Solar System Astronomers Find New Moons of Uranus and Neptune By: Jeff Hecht February 29, 2024 Explore the Night with Bob King Fuzzy Glows: See Zodiacal Light, Gegenschein, Airglow, and Aurorae By: Bob King February 28, 2024 Solar System NASA's DART Impact Reshaped the Asteroid Dimorphos By: Jeff Hecht February 27, 2024 Solar System Webb Telescope Spies Hints That Solar System's Outskirts Are a Hotbed of Activity By: Emily Lakdawalla February 26, 2024 Space Missions Odysseus Lander Is on the Moon By: David Dickinson February 26, 2024 Astronomy in Space with David Dickinson Japan's Lunar Lander Wakes Up (Again!) By: David Dickinson February 26, 2024 View More observing guides Celestial Objects to Observe Meet Wezen, a Yellow Tail for a Big Dog By: Daniel Johnson March 4, 2024 This Week's Sky At a Glance This Week's Sky at a Glance, March 1 – 9 By: Alan MacRobert March 1, 2024 Sky Tour Astronomy Podcast March Podcast: A Barely-There Lunar Eclipse By: J. Kelly Beatty March 1, 2024 Celestial Objects to Observe How Dark Does It Get During a Total Solar Eclipse? By: Richard Tresch Fienberg February 29, 2024 View More Where to Look Tonight This Week's Sky at a Glance, March 1 – 9 This Week's Sky at a Glance, March 1 – 9 It's early March, so the Winter Triangle balances on Sirius after dark. The Gemini twins float high across the meridian. Leo jumps the gun on spring. where to look March Podcast: A Barely-There Lunar Eclipse Sky Tour Podcast As told in the latest episode of our long-running Sky Tour astronomy podcast, this month it’ll be challenging to a special kind of lunar eclipse on March 25th — but easy to spot five of the 10 brightest stars in the night sky. Subscribe Now My Stellar Love Affair with the Pleiades My Stellar Love Affair with the Pleiades When we observe the little wonders of the sky, we can form deep personal connections. Read more Feb 6–6 Eventview more Adventures in Astronomy: Approaching Infinity , Guideview more How to Choose A Telescope clubview more San Francisco Amateur Astronomers Previous Next Feb 6–6 Eventview more Adventures in Astronomy: Approaching Infinity , Guideview more How to Choose A Telescope clubview more San Francisco Amateur Astronomers Our Community Astronomers often spend their time lost among the stars, but the science of astronomy and the hobby of stargazing are also communal affairs. So, don’t be a stranger—find a group to get involved with today! Find an Event or Club Near You Editor's PICKS Ptolemaeus, Alphonsus and Arzachel Photographer: Vincenzo Mirabella The Magellanic Clouds Photographer: Markus-Mugrauer Thor’s Helmet Photographer: t_div_astro Active Region AR3590 Photographer: Michael Teoh The Large Magellanic Cloud Photographer: Markus-Mugrauer Jupiter and one of it's moons thru a Dobsonian Photographer: [email protected] Road to the stars Photographer: Markus-Mugrauer A February Pairing Photographer: jbaxter Comet 62P/ Tsuchinshan Photographer: Luigi Morrone Ngc1365 Photographer: Luigi Morrone The Great Orion nebula Photographer: Andreaiorio Knife Edge Galaxy (or Splinter Galaxy) - NGC 5907 Photographer: massimo.difusco Composite HDR Moon Photographer: Tim-Jensen Jones-Emberson 1, The Headphones Photographer: Jonathan Venechanos Ngc5189 Photographer: Luigi Morrone M64, The Black Eye Galaxy Photographer: FERNANDO MENEZES The Garlic Head Nebula Photographer: Scott Johnstone NGC 2403 and its jewels Photographer: massimo.difusco Active Region AR3545 Photographer: Michael Teoh M78 Photographer: Luigi Morrone Previous Next View Gallery submit your photo for as low as$37.05yearly This Month’s Issue Sky & Telescope Magazine Explore the astronomy magazine that’s been out of this world for more than 80 years. Subscribe Explore this Issue for as low as$37.05yearly Issue Highlights Eclipse Expeditions that “Discovered” the Sun Trudy E. Bell Observe April’s Eclipse with Your AM Radio Joe Rao Mapping Our Galactic Backyard Catherine Zucker Advertisement About S&T About Us Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Shop at Sky Swag Store Contact Us Subscription Help Email Newsletters Help & Resources Privacy Policy For Contributors Writing for S&T Image Submission FAQ Tips for Submitting Images For Media S&T Press Releases Permission Requests For Advertisers Advertising Information Contact Advertising Sky & Telescope is part of AAS Sky Publishing, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the American Astronomical Society. Sky & Telescope, Night Sky, and skyandtelescope.org are registered trademarks of AAS Sky Publishing LLC. Sky & Telescope maintains a strict policy of editorial independence from the AAS and its research publications in reporting developments in astronomy to readers. Copyright ©2024 AAS Sky Publishing LLC. All rights reserved. Join Our Newsletter ×