America's Unions | AFL-CIO Skip to main content Search Search × What Unions Do Form a Union What We Care About Take Action About Us Blog Press AFLCIO.tv Union Plus Benefits About Us Blog Press AFLCIO.tv Union Plus Benefits Toggle Search Form Search Search What Unions Do Form a Union What We Care About Take Action Did your legislator vote to protect workers in 2023? A lot of politicians in Washington, D.C., talk a big game about supporting the labor movement and backing policies that help working families. But how do they vote? Find out. Video It's Better In A Union AI and Labor Take Action Tell the White House to stop the raid on postal workers’ pensions For more than 52 years, the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) workers have unfairly had their retirement funds raided by the U.S. government—resulting in more than $90 billion in unjust expenses to the USPS. We need your help to send a message to the Biden administration to do the right thing for postal workers. Send a Letter Stay Up-to-Date With The AFL-CIO Get Email Updates Sign Up How to Form a Union Every worker deserves the right to bargain over their salary and working conditions. Union members earn better wages and benefits than workers who aren’t in unions. Learn more about how to organize. Learn about the Union Difference. Learn the value of collective voice. AI-Fueled CEO Pay CEOs are rushing to incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) into their businesses while worker wages fall behind. Learn more The Toll of Neglect Read the Report The 2023 edition of the Death on the Job: The Toll of Neglect report shows how too many workers remain at serious risk of workplace injury, illness and death. 343 The number of workers who died each day due to hazardous working conditions. 120,000 The estimated number of workers who died from occupational diseases. 705 The number of worker deaths caused by workplace violence in 2021, a 23% increase over the previous year. 5,190 The number of workers who died on the job in the United States in 2021. Legislative Scorecard How Did Your Lawmakers Vote? What Unions Do Building Worker Power Collective Bargaining Protecting Workplace Rights Recent Union Organizing Wins Blog Worker Wins: There Is Power in a Union February 12, 2024 Did You Know According to an October 2023 survey, 41% of Amazon workers have been injured on the job. What We Care About See all issues Civil Rights Corporate Greed Gender Equality Global Worker Rights Immigration Infrastructure Labor Law Workplace Health and Safety AFL-CIO Now View more posts Women's History Month Profiles: Ann Flener-GittlenMarch 4, 2024 This year, for Women's History Month, we're taking a look at a group of leaders who are currently active making women's history across the labor movement. Check back daily for a new profile and meet some of the people working to improve not only their community, but also to improve conditions for working people across the country. Today's profile is Ann Flener-Gittlen of the United Steelworkers (USW). Women's History Month Profiles: Lori UlrichMarch 3, 2024 This year, for Women's History Month, we're taking a look at a group of leaders who are currently active making women's history across the labor movement. Check back daily for a new profile and meet some of the people working to improve not only their community, but also to improve conditions for working people across the country. Today's profile is Lori Ulrich of AFSCME. Women's History Month Profiles: Jillian ArnoldMarch 2, 2024 This year, for Women's History Month, we're taking a look at a group of leaders who are currently active making women's history across the labor movement. Check back daily for a new profile and meet some of the people working to improve not only their community, but also to improve conditions for working people across the country. Today's profile is Jillian Arnold of IATSE. Get Email Updates Sign Up Text WORK to 235246 to opt in to mobile messages from the AFL-CIO. Message and data rates apply. Reply STOP to unsubscribe. Reply HELP for help. You will receive periodic messages with updates and news about our work. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Contact Us About Us Affiliated Unions Executive Council Statements Leadership Our Unions and Allies Programs Values Statement Work with Us Blog AFLCIO.tv Form a Union Press Speeches Take Action Union Plus Benefits What Unions Do Corporate Accountability Social and Economic Justice Advocacy Strike Map Workplace Advocacy What We Care About Better Pay and Benefits Civil Rights Corporate Greed Criminal Justice Reform Gender Equality Global Worker Rights Health Care Immigration Infrastructure Labor Law Manufacturing Quality Education Right to Work Sexual Harassment Social Security and Retirement Tax and Budget Policy Trade Workplace Health and Safety Legislative Alerts Legislative Voting Records Reports © 2024 AFL-CIO. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use ×