ACE | Health and Fitness Education, Research, Career Support Asset 19 angle-down-bold angle-left-bold angle-right-bold angle-up-bold Asset 10 certifications Asset 14 close-bold close Asset 8 Asset 12 menu Asset 18 Asset 17 Asset 6 Asset 16 Asset 9 Asset 15 Asset 11 Asset 13 ACE Fitness Certification Continuing Education Resources About ACE IMPACT TALK TO AN ADVISOR! Talk to an Advisor Your Cart (0) 0 Sign In Sign In Certification Study Programs View all ACE Certifications Personal Trainer NEW! Group Fitness Instructor Health Coach Medical Exercise Specialist ACE Certification Course Bundles NEW! YogaRenew (RYS®) Teacher Training Certification Process Why Get Certified Why Choose ACE Health & Fitness Careers How to Become a Personal Trainer CPR/AED Certificate Certification Exam Register for Your Exam Certification Renewal Support ACE Answers Military Financial Assistance Continuing Education Continuing Education Pathways CEC Power Pass™ Get 24 months of unlimited learning. Specialist Programs Advance your career with in-depth programs. Course Bundles Grow your knowledge with curated sets of courses. eCredits Save on CECs with upfront payment. Magazine Quizzes Read Certified™ and earn CECs. Compare All Pathways Popular Course Topics Active Aging Business Corrective Exercise Nutrition Strength Training Women's Health Yoga & Pilates New Courses Browse All Topics & Courses Safety Training CPR/AED Certification First Aid Certification More Ways To Learn Live Webinars Certified™ Magazine ACE-Approved Courses Find your perfect learning pathway! Launch The CEC Finder Resources For Certified Pros Career Support Job Board Certification Renewal Digital Credentials ACE Insights Blog Research & Studies For Business Partners Fitness Facilities & Health Clubs Education Institutions Healthcare Organizations Corporate Wellness Programs Continuing Education Providers International Partners For Everyone Healthy Living Blog Exercise Library Website Builder Tools & Calculators Find an ACE Pro About About ACE ACE at a Glance Our Team Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Careers Press Room Contact Us Philosophy ACE Mover Method Standards & Professionalism Population Health ACE IMPACT About ACE IMPACT Our Mission Community Impact & Initiatives Science & Research Community Resources Get Involved Get answers to all your questions! Things like: How long is the program? Is the program and exam online? What makes ACE's program different? Call (888) 825-3636 or Chat now! Together, we move people to live their healthiest lives With ACE, you'll be equipped with evidence-based education and long-term career guidance to impact the health and well-being of your clients, your community and the world. LIVE WEBINAR Watch for FREE Join us on March 13 at 11 a.m. PT for “Nutrition and Physical Activity: When Science Meets Application.” REGISTER NOW NEW CERTIFICATION 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training Become a Certified Yoga Teacher with the YogaRenew (RYS®) comprehensive online program! LEARN MORE ACE BLOG The Truth About Protein Wondering about the benefits of eating protein? Learn 5 reasons to add more protein to your diet. READ HERE PRO TOOL ACE Pro Connect™ 2.0—new version out now Check out our new & improved app to connect with like-minded ACE Pros and explore more opportunities to grow your career. DOWNLOAD NOW Get the latest health & fitness information! Email Address Sign Up Yes! I'd like to receive the latest news and updates from ACE. Launch your career Gain the expertise to transform lives, with an NCCA-accredited, ACE Certification. Self-paced, online study programs Foundational knowledge & practical skills On-demand study support Get Certified Personal Trainer If you enjoy creating workouts and one-on-one training, this is for you. Health Coach If you enjoy influencing healthy habits and practicing mindfulness, this is for you. Group Fitness Instructor If you enjoy leading groups and high energy experiences, this is for you. Medical Exercise Specialist If you enjoy working in healthcare and helping patients recover, this is for you. Grow your career Build in-demand skills to make a greater impact with ACE Continuing Education. Current, evidence-based courses Best-in-class industry educators Accessible learning formats See Courses Succeed from day one, and beyond No matter your goals, we'll ALWAYS guide you toward your career aspirations. Engage with your peer community Develop your career & business skills Discover new job opportunities Career Support Together, we get people moving As the leading exercise professional and health coach certification nonprofit, it is our mission to get people moving! Moving people toward living active, healthy lives Moving the profession to the highest standards Moving policies to make exercise accessible to all See Our Impact 49.4 Million Estimated number of client sessions conducted by ACE Certified Personal Trainers in 2022. 5.6 Million Estimated number of classes taught by ACE Certified Group Fitness Instructors in 2022. 2.4 Million Estimated number of coaching sessions led by ACE Certified Health Coaches in 2022. 371,000 Estimated number of client sessions by ACE Certified Medical Exercise Specialists in 2022. 90,000 ACE Certified Pros, 35 Million Lives Moved! Previous Next My ACE Certification has taken my career to new levels, including having my own thriving business. I apply the behavior change knowledge that I learned from ACE to form meaningful connections with my clients, building trust. This sets me apart from other trainers which is key! Anthony F. ACE Certified Personal Trainer I'm honored to be ACE Certified and part of an organization that is invested in educating people in health and wellness. Being part of a larger family of ACE Pros, committed to helping others is inspiring. If you're thinking about getting certified, put your dreams into action with ACE! Amanda Y. ACE Certified Group Fitness Instructor, ACE Certified Health Coach, ACE Fitness Nutrition Specialist Being ACE Certified means, I can help people be the best versions of themselves. ACE provides so many tools to help me be a better trainer, coach and mentor to people who are on a health and fitness journey. Robin M. ACE Certified Health Coach, ACE Certified Personal Trainer, ACE Fitness Nutrition Specialist, ACE Sports Conditioning Specialist As an ACE Certified Pro for more than 20 years, I get to make people smile and find fun in exercise every single day. When I see "ACE" next to a fellow trainer's name, I know they hold an accredited certification from the most science-based, top-of-the-line organization. Shana V. ACE Certified Personal Trainer The latest news and trends Previous Next Research & Studies ACE-SUPPORTED RESEARCH: Does the ACE Integrated Fitness Training® Model Really Work? (Year 3 Study) ACE Insights Blogs How to Choose the Right Yoga Teacher Training ACE Healthy Living Blog 7 Yoga Poses to Counteract the Effects of Prolonged Sitting Research & Studies ACE-supported Research: Is the ACE Mover Method™ Effective for Vulnerable Populations? ACE Insights Blogs Identifying Credible Sources of Nutrition Information: Expert Insights ACE Healthy Living Blog Strategies to Promote Heart Health Join the movement Sign up to get ACE-sponsored research, expert blog articles, industry insights, and fitness tips—plus exclusive information on careers in health and fitness. Your email Submit Yes! I'd like to receive the latest news and updates from ACE. Brand Anthem Certifications Why Choose ACE Personal Trainer Health Coach Group Fitness Instructor Medical Exercise Specialist Professionals Career Support Job Board Continuing Education Specialist Programs Certification Renewal Resources ACE Healthy Living Blog Exercise Library Tools & Calculators Find an ACE Pro Store About ACE Our Team Our Efforts Press Room Careers 2022 Impact Report Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Return Policy Sitemap Cookie Preferences Contact Us American Council on Exercise 9444 Balboa Ave. Suite 290 San Diego, CA 92123-4901 1 (888) 825-3636 Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Pinterest LinkedIn Copyright© The American Council on Exercise. All Rights Reserved.