Dentist in Beaverton & Portland OR | Smiles Northwest | 503-644-7763 Home Meet the Team Meet Dr. Dotson Meet Dr. Chen Our Difference Our Smiles Services Family Dentistry Myobrace Cosmetic Dentistry Invisalign® Restorative Dentistry TMJ/TMD Sleep Apnea Dental Implants New Patient Information Blog Contact 503-644-7763 Request Appointment Important Coronavirus Update First-Class & Family-Friendly Dentist in Beaverton & Portland Experience unconditional dental care the whole family will love. All services performed under one roof A caring & friendly staff always at your side Technologies available for quicker and comfortable treatment Advanced experience for long-lasting, exquisite results Request an Appointment Request an Appointment Name* Phone* Email How can we help you?*I need to schedule an exam and cleaning.I'm a new patient.I would like to schedule a consultation.OtherPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Smiles Northwest Stepping up to the plate to ensure your family's optimal oral health. Our team of top dentists in Beaverton and Portland have decades of experience in comprehensive, family, cosmetic, and restorative dentistry. We utilize modern dental practices and the latest technologies to improve your smile and provide exceptional dental treatments. Premier Care Our promise to you: No egos, judgements, or guilt trips – we'll only provide the royal treatment you and your smile deserve. Home-town Feel Feel at home in our Beaverton dentist office with our variety of comforts and friendly team. Thrive in our stress-free atmosphere. All Under One Roof Relish at the prospect and ultimate convenience of all our treatments being performed in-house. Dental Wisdom We continually enhance our knowledge to stay on top of our game and give you the best experience possible. Request an Appointment Creating & Maintaining Beautiful Smiles Meet Your Dentists in Beaverton & Portland Our talented team creates and maintains beautiful, lasting smiles. We believe knowledge is the foundation of greatness and that is illustrated by our credentials. Dr. Jodi Dotson Meet your family dentist in Beaverton, OR View more Invisalign Premier Provider Member of the Dental Organization for Conscious Sedation Member of the American Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine Member of the American Dental Association Meet. Dr. Dotson Dr. Alan Chen Meet your dentist in Beaverton, OR View more Fellow of the International Congress of Oral Implantologists Clinical Instructor of Implant Dentistry at the OHSU School of Dentistry Dental Director for the Oregon Special Olympics Healthy Smiles Initiative Meet. Dr. Chen Watch Our Patient Testimonials Hear what our patients think of their Smiles Northwest experience. "They are experts." "He is wonderful" "I look and feel good."" Visit our YouTube channel for more video testimonials. Watch our videos Read More Reviews Pre-Orthodontics for ChildrenStraighten teeth the natural way and avoid the need for braces with Myobrace®. Myobrace® is a preventative pre-orthodontic treatment, which focuses on naturally treating your child's underlying causes for crooked teeth and poor jaw development - often preventing the need for braces in the future. Dentists, parents, and even children love Opens new tab to Myobrace® website Myobrace® because it: Is best suited for children aged three to 15 years old. You don't need to wait for permanent teeth to come in. Is non-invasive and doesn't require the extraction of healthy teeth. Corrects poor oral habits, such as breathing through the mouth. Addresses health concerns, such as sleep apnea and airway issues. Improves facial development and overall health. Could your child benefit from Myobrace®? Common signs to look for are snoring, breathing through the mouth instead of nose, tongue thrust, sleeping with mouth open, and crooked teeth. Click the button to find out if Myobrace® is right for your child! Learn More Quality Dental Services for Beaverton, OR Our services offer benefits for not only your oral health, but your whole-body health. Enjoy total well-being that escalates your quality of life. Dental Implants Missing teeth? Let our dental team bring your smile back with dental implants. We can complete your treatment under one roof. Full Mouth Rehabilitation With our neuromuscular approach, our Beaverton dentists combine art and science to restore your smile’s function and beauty. Cosmetic Dentistry Bring your smile back to life with cosmetic dentistry that transcends beauty while boosting your oral health. Invisalign® Fed up with hiding your smile? Don’t want the embarrassment of metal braces? Then say "hello" to Invisalign®. TMJ Therapy Your jaw could be causing you health problems and you might not even know it. Learn how TMJ can brighten your smile and your future. Sleep Apnea Do you snore? Finally get a good night's sleep with sleep apnea treatment. We combine our knowledge and best sleep technology to hand your life back. Menu of Services Family Dentistry Myobrace Children’s Dentistry Root Canals Snoring Treatment Cosmetic Dentistry Invisalign Propel VPro Porcelain Veneers Teeth Whitening Smile Design Gum Recontouring Restorative Dentistry TMJ Therapy Sleep Apnea Treatment Dental Implants Tooth-Colored Fillings Sedation Dentistry Dental Bridges Inlays & Onlays Crowns Facebook Page, opens in new windowTwitter Page, opens in new windowYoutube Page, opens in new windowGoogle Business Page, opens in new windowPinterest Page, opens in new window Visit Our Dental Office in Beaverton, OR. Find Us You can find Smiles Northwest right by Cedar Hills Park - very easy to find. Get directions below. Get Directions Get in Touch Have a question? Feel fee to call us 503-644-7763 or email us at appointments@smilesnw.com. Request Appointment New Patient? Save yourself some time by filling out our forms online. Just click the button below to get started. Online Forms Current Patients For current patients, you can access your dental information online. Click the button below to get started. Patient Login Financial Arrangements Financial planning is vital, which is why we offer a variety of options to help you make wise and responsible decisions. We accept CareCredit and Alphaeon Credit New Patient Info Insurance We are happy to accept most insurance options subject to having the correct insurance information. Contact Us Our Location Smiles Northwest 2405 SW Cedar Hills Blvd Beaverton, OR 97005 Phone: 503-644-7763 Email: appointments@smilesnw.com Our Hours Monday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Tuesday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Wednesday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Thursday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Friday 7:00 AM - 4:00 PM Patient Forms New Patients Our patients Our Business Home Meet Dr. Dotson Meet Dr. Chen Meet the Team Why Choose Us Our Smiles Contact Leave a Review Stay Connected Facebook Page, opens in new windowTwitter Page, opens in new windowYoutube Page, opens in new windowGoogle Business Page, opens in new windowPinterest Page, opens in new window Website Accessibility All rights reserved, Copyright 2024 | Privacy policy | HIPAA Notice | SitemapDental Marketing and Website Design by Roadside Dental Marketing