News for Black America - NewsOne Menu Social Justice Politics Black Folklore Good News Video Subscribe Toggle search Search Search ✕ Womens History Month Women's History Month: Black Women In Social Justice As we celebrate Women's History Month in 2024, let's remember some of the women who have led the way in the fight for social justice. News iOne Digital's Tanya Hoffler-Moore Honored As Trailblazer Tanya Hoffler-Moore, the vice president of video at iOne Digital, is being honored as a trailblazer at this year's African American Women in Cinema Film Festival. News Kamala Harris Calls For Ceasefire In Gaza On Sunday, Vice President Kamala Harris visited Selma, Alabama, to honor the 59th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. Civil Rights & Social Justice Conservatives Mock Death Of Aaron Bushnell White conservative podcasters mocked the death of Aaron Bushnell. Blake Neff remarked that he "did become Black" after burning himself alive. Opinion Hip-Hop Is Platforming Instead Of Fighting The Power Sharing our platforms with individuals who have spent their careers disparaging our community is a dangerous proposition. Politics Democrats Reintroduce John Lewis Voting Rights Bill Senate Democrats reintroduced the John Lewis Voting Rights Act to restore key provisions that undermine Republicans' efforts to decrease access to the ballot, particularly for Black voters. Politics Alumni Speak Out After Bill Threatens HBCUs Mississippi HBCU alumni leaders in a letter appealed to lawmakers to reconsider proposed legislation that would close public colleges in the state. Hair Is The Gig Economy Hurting Black Hair Industry? How can we fix these issues currently plaguing the Black haircare industry? An American Crisis: Black Child Suicide Where Are All The Children? Deaths by suicide in the Black community have spiked among boys and girls in recent years. NewsOne explores the alarming numbers. News Was This Georgia Black Man Lynched? The body of Trevonte Jamal Shubert-Helton was found hanging from a tree. News HBCU Adds Gun-Sniffing Dog After Campus Shooting South Carolina State University is adding a gun-sniffing dog to its campus security team after a recent shooting in an academic building. Latest News Civil Rights & Social Justice Va. Lt. Gov. Misgenders Trans Senator News Letitia James Is Holding Corrupt Men Accountable Race Matters Trump Co-Defendant Rips Black Women Race Matters Clarence Thomas Hires Allegedly Racist Law Clerk Politics Wes Moore Warns Voters Of Trump’s Divisive Rhetoric An exclusive interview with Maryland's governor. Books Sekou Odinga On Malcolm X Read an exclusive except from the co-founder of the Black Liberation Army's coming memoir. Opinion The March For Gaza: From A Black Perspective Ferguson organizer Tory Russell was there. Trending How To Approach Therapy And Address Pain Why We Need Culturally Competent Doctors Mississippi Bill Could Shut Down State's Public HBCUs Latest Trump Speeches Highlight Same Cognitive Fears That Republicans Express About Biden 'Dilbert' Creator Scott Adams Gets Schooled On Election Black Folklore Black Folklore In Video Season 2 Ep 8: The Brothers Of Pine Oak Since I began writing Black Folklore in 2020, I have been introduced to a side of Black History that I never knew existed. Extraordinary supernatural tales of ghosts and spirits intertwined with real-life events from Black History. As amazing as those tales have been thus far, they’re nothing compared to the world that was introduced […] MLK Conspiracy Theories Thrive On Holiday Black Folklore In Video: Ghost Town Of Dearfield Black Folklore In Video Season 2 Ep 6: Rosewood Black Folklore In Video: Prince Nicodemus View All Arts & Entertainment 10 items News Concertgoers Sue Jeffrey Osborne For $2 Million Soul icon Jeffrey Osborne of L.T.D. and solo fame is being sued by two concertgoers for embarrassment that allegedly led to psycho-therapy. 15 items Movies Fans Rip, Laud Tyler Perry's 'Mea Culpa' Movie Tyler Perry’s latest thriller film "Mea Culpa" debuted on Netflix over the weekend. Here's a look at our favorite fan reactions to the movie. News 2 Men Convicted In Murder Of Jam Master Jay The Run DMC member's godson was one of the men who a jury found guilty of committing the shocking murder more than 20 years ago in a recording studio in Queens, New York City. View All Politics Race Matters Trump Compares Migrants To ‘Hannibal Lecter,’ Says They Speak Languages No One In America Knows Trump said he believes migrants are coming into the U.S. who speak languages that are so rare that America doesn't have a capably interpreter. Race Matters Charles Barkley Threatens Black Trumpers With Violence Charles Barkley told Gayle King, "If I see a Black person walking around with a Trump mug shot, I’m gonna punch him in the face." Opinion Op-Ed: Voter Purges Amount To Voter Suppression Under the guise of voting registration list maintenance, election officials are removing scores of voters from the voting rolls. View All Social Justice Civil Rights & Social Justice Commemorating Bloody Sunday 59 Years Later The historic “Selma to Montgomery marches,” the first of the three protest marches known as “Bloody Sunday,” highlighted a turbulent time of the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s. Race Matters White Pastor Calls MLK A 'Non-Believer' White megachurch pastor John MacArthur called Martin Luther King Jr. a "non-believer who misrepresented Christ." Race Matters GOP Candidate Exposed As 'Honorary' KKK Member Missouri gubernatorial candidate Darrell Leon McClanahan III was exposed as an "honorary" KKK member who was photographed at a cross burning. View All Good News Good News Homeownership For Black Educators Program Thrives The "Teacherville" initiative covers down payment and closing costs for home purchases. Good News Openly Gay HBCU Football Player Entering NFL Draft Byron Perkins, a defensive back at Hampton University, is entering the 2024 NFL Draft. Lifestyle Ultimate Gift Guide For The Intellectual Black Student When choosing a gift for your loved one this holiday season, prioritize functionality, quality and adaptability — especially for family members who may be in college or high school. View All Opinion Opinion Time To Admit Lauren Boebert's Family Is 'Ghetto' With the arrest of Lauren Boebert's son for an alleged crime spree, is it finally time to admit her family is kinda "ghetto"? Race Matters Newt Gingrich Says Michelle Obama Is Too ‘Racially Intense’ In Weird Rant About Imaginary Presidential Run Newt Gingrich said Michelle Obama is "more racially intense than Barack” during speculation about her hypothetical presidential run. Opinion Supreme Court Could Extend Immunity To Some Of Trump’s Actions, Not Others A political science professor weighs in on the Supreme Court's decision to consider whether Donald Trump is immune from criminal prosecution. View All Latest News Did Trump White House Prescribe Drugs Without Oversight? A new report sheds more light on the administration of Donald Trump being awash in prescription medication doled out by the White House Medical Unit with little to no supervision. An initial report was issued in January. 19 items Obituaries Famous Photographer David Johnson Dies At 97 Photographer David Johnson died on Friday at the age of 97, according to the San Francisco Standard. News Diddy Trial Judge Says Accuser Must ID Herself The "rape" trial against Diddy may be delayed as the judge overseeing the case ruled that the accuser must identify themselves. Womens History Month The Unique Challenges Black Women Face For Equality The fight for equality and justice for Black women is far from over. 50 items Nation The Most Exciting March Madness Moments Our team at RNBPhilly got together to come up with a list of the 50 most exciting March Madness moments in NCAA history Nation Women Making History: Kyrina Mull And ‘Loud Ideas’ Kyrina Mull is capitalizing on her talent of connection through her creative agency, Loud Ideas. News Elizabeth Francis Becomes Oldest Living Person In US Elizabeth Francis has become the oldest living person in the United States and the fifth oldest person living globally. News Elijah McClain: Convictions Spark Changes In Procedures First responders are making changes to their procedures for patients in police custody after convictions in the 2019 death of Elijah McClain. News Bill Bans Hog-Tying After Manuel Ellis Police Death Senate Bill 6009's passage comes four years after the death of Manuel Ellis, a 33-year-old Black man, who died while in police custody after he was wrongfully handcuffed and hog-tied. Load More Trending Opinion Donald Trump Jr. Launches Misogynist Attack On Fani Willis Home Homepage News What Happened To Allisha Watts? Opinion RFK Jr. Whitesplains Being 'Immune' To Racism #BlackLivesMatter Why Did tWitch Kill Himself? News Killer White Ex-Cop Released Early Education Is Ye's Donda Academy Still A Thing? News Umar Johnson's School For Boys Gets Opening Date Celebrity News What Happened To Wendy Williams? Race Matters Donald Trump Jr.: Black Men Call Me 'Hero' Regularly News Harry Belafonte Public Memorial Set Black News The History Of Black People With Blue Eyes Sign Up For The NewsOne Newsletter Thank you for subscribing! Subscribe We care about your data. See our privacy policy. NewsOne Social Justice Politics Black Folklore Good News Video Quick Links About Us Advertising Careers Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service COOKIE SETTINGS Ad Choice Subscribe Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram An Urban One BrandCopyright © 2024 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram Privacy Policy Terms of Service COOKIE SETTINGS Ad Choice Careers About Us Subscribe Copyright © 2024 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP | An Urban One Brand Close