Travel.gc.ca - Home Skip to main content Skip to "About this site" Language selection Français Government of Canada / Gouvernement du Canada Search Travel.gc.ca Search website Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Travel and tourism Information on travelling to, from and within Canada. Follow: Twitter Facebook Instagram Promotions Tab 1 Planning a girls’ trip? Check out our advice on legal, cultural, security, health and social considerations relevant to women travellers. Most requested Emergency assistance abroad Find out if you need a visa to travel to Canada Apply for an eTA Apply for NEXUS Register as a Canadian abroad Travel insurance Services and information Planning your trip Travel Advice and Advisories Official Government of Canada travel information and advice for destinations outside Canada. Where do you want to go? Select a destination Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Azores Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canary Islands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa) Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia, The Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia (FSM) Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Korea North Macedonia Northern Marianas Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Congo (Brazzaville) Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint-Barthélemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste (East Timor) Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (U.S.) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Go! Travel outside Canada Travel documents, travel health and safety, border wait times and more. Air travel Prepare for a flight, airport security, health concerns and more. Canadian passports and travel documents Apply for, renew or replace a lost passport. Stay connected Keep in touch with Canada wherever you are through our smart travel tools. While you are outside Canada Assistance outside Canada How to get help if there is an emergency when you are travelling outside Canada. Coming to Canada Visit Canada Find out if you need a visa to visit or transit through Canada. How to extend your stay as a visitor. COVID-19: Travel, testing and borders Proof of COVID-19 vaccination, testing, quarantine and isolation are not required. Return or travel to Canada Information on travelling to Canada, border wait times, customs and immigration. Canadian attractions, events and experiences Discover Canada's museums, national parks and historic sites, and enjoy unforgettable experiences. Features Travel insurance Important information on travel insurance and why you shouldn’t leave the country without it. What you can bring back to Canada General guidelines on what you can and cannot bring into Canada when you return from abroad. Contact a Canadian embassy or consulate For Canadians outside Canada who need consular assistance. Date modified: 2024-03-01 About this site Travel and tourism Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.caTerms and conditions Privacy