Montgomery County Maryland Skip to main content Montgomery County, MD Government County Web Accessibility information including Alternative Format Requests for Disabled Users are provided on this page. Alert eSubscription Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr RSS Twitter/X for Marc Elrich County Executive Toggle Navigation Services MC311 All Services I Want to... Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. I Want to... Apply for Employment File a Complaint Get a License or Permit Make a Payment Obtain Social Services Request Bus Information Request Trash or Recycling Services Discuss Personal or Property Tax Top Services Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Requests to Discuss Property Tax Bill* Bulk Trash/Scrap Metal Pick-Up Request* Schedule Schedule DPS Building Residential Construction Related Permitting Inspections 22 Gallon Bin (Bottles/Cans/Jars Recycling)* Ride On Trip Planning Name and Telephone Number of DPS Building Inspector Online Services Make Payments Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Personal Property Tax Real Property Taxes RideOn Bus & Metro Fares Parking Tickets Speed/Red Light Camera Bag Tax RegistrationClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. County Vendors Hauler Disposal Account ActiveMONTGOMERY eSubscription Report ComplaintsClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. File Consumer Complaints Cable Service Complaints Fire Code Violations Ride On Complaints Environmental Complaints Permit Violations Landlord-Tenant Complaints OthersClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Wholesale Liquor Orders County Contract Search Residents Public LibraryClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Library Home Ask a Librarian Branches & Hours Your Account Card Registration Find Books TransportationClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Ride On Parking Commuting Services Traffic Camera Trip Planning RecyclingClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Blue Bin Request Bulk Trash Holiday Schedule Scrap Metal Transfer Station RecreationClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Recreation Home Activity Registration Aquatics Programs Facility Locations Sports Programs Athletic Fields Health & SocialClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Health & Human Services Seniors Infants, Kids & Teens Flu Vaccinations Disability Services EmergenciesClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Planning for Emergencies Snow Emergency Crisis Services Flood Family Justice Center Culture & LeisureClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Art & Humanities Art & Humanities Council Then & Now Gilchrist Center Visit Montgomery Resident ServicesClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Housing Animal Services Regional Service Centers Consumer Protection Business Government Media Contacts Submit MPIA Requests CountyStat NewsClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. County News Press Release Media Advisories County Calendar County Cable Montgomery County Updates DepartmentsClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Complete List of Departments Public Library Transportation Health & Human Services Recreation Consumer Protection Environmental Protection Permitting Services Inspector General Public SafetyClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Police Fire & Rescue Correction & Rehabilition Homeland Security Sheriff Mental Health Resources for Public Safety AgenciesClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Montgomery College Public Schools Revenue Authority Montgomery Parks Montgomery Planning Planning Board WSSC Water Housing Opportunities Commission (HOC) Court & LegalClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Circuit Court District Court of MD Register of Wills State's Attorney Jury Service Court Services EmployeesClick enter key to open sub-menu tier. Human Resources Retirement Employee Phone Book AccessMCG ePortal AccessMCG Extranet Contact Us County Executive County Executive Vision Statement Biography Office Staff Boards, Committees and Commissions Internal Audit Previous County Executives County Council Council Home Meet the Councilmembers Find Council Meetings & Agendas Council Calendar Find Legislation & Resolutions Calendar County Executive Marc Elrich Alert eSubscription Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr RSS Twitter Women's History Month This #WomensHistoryMonth, we’re celebrating the achievements of our employees and their contributions to our community. #MoCoWHM. Grant to Help Combat Opioid and Firearm Crimes Montgomery County’s Police Department (MCPD) recently was awarded a $499,993 competitive Federal grant to address opioid epidemic and firearm-related challenges. The funding will enable MCPD to handle cases with greater efficiency, process evidence more quickly and stay updated on advancements in forensic science. Read the press release. Spring Registration Montgomery County Recreation’s Spring Registration Begins Monday, Feb. 12 Spring programs and activities are tailored to a variety of interests, skill levels and ages. Offerings include aquatics, fitness, sports, visual and performing arts, therapeutic recreation, adult 55+ programming and more. Read the press release. Get All Your Tax Credits! You may be eligible for valuable federal, state, and local tax credits this year. Learn more and find FREE tax help at montgomerycountymd.gov/CASHBACK. Permitting Services GIS Maps Check out the new GIS maps on the Department of Permitting Services website for information about floodplains, inspections, and use and occupancy certificates. Read the news release for details. Previous Next Featured Sites Calendar News Montgomery County Update County Cable Montgomery County Press Releases | Council Press Releases | Homepage Slider Archive Cash Back Spring Registration We're prepared for storms, Are you? View in Spanish Get All Your Tax Credits! More Montgomery residents are eligible for expanded federal and state Earned Income Tax Credits, the County’s Working Families Income Supplement, and the expanded federal Child Tax Credit. Learn more and find free tax help at montgomerycountymd.gov/CASHBACK. Mas residentes del Condado de Montgomery califican para aplicar a créditos tributarios expandidos, federales y estatales, por ingreso del trabajo (EITC en inglés), Suplemento de Ingreso para Familias Trabajadoras del condado, y el Crédito Tributario Federal por Hijos. Conozca más sobre estos créditos y encuentre ayuda gratuita para preparar sus impuestos en montgomerycountymd.gov/CASHBACK. Registration Underway. Register online or visit the website for more information. Three things you need to do to get ready for seasonal storms and emergencies: 1. Sign up for Alert Montgomery. 2. Keep these Phone Numbers handy. Police/Fire/Ambulance: 911 Police Non-emergency: 301-279-8000 County Information & Service: 311 3. Be 'Winter Storms and Extreme Cold' Ready. For more information, visit montgomerycountymd.gov/snow Featured Programs Property Taxes View property tax records to view and/or make payments on-line by credit card or bank account as appropriate. More Information Minimum Wage Increase See the minimum wage in Montgomery County as of Jan. 1, 2024. The size of the increase is determined by the number of workers employed by the business. More Information MPIA Request When requesting public records maintained by Montgomery County Government, please reference the contact list and forward your inquiry to the appropriate departmental representative(s). More Information Solicitation Tracker View the status of a solicitation from issuance to contract execution. Begin by entering a solicitation number or description. More Information Open Budget Provides you with an intuitive way to understand how our budget is structured and get the answers you need. More Information Flooding website Learn more about flood insurance, reporting flooding, and the Flood Management Plan aid long-term strategic planning for flood mitigation. More Information Climate Action The Climate Action portal brings the County’s array of climate planning, progress, and action under one, easy-to-navigate website. More Information Pothole Repair The county relies on the repair requests made by residents through the County’s MC311 system. More Information Accessory Dwelling Units (ADU) An Accessory Dwelling Unit is a residential unit that is either added to an existing one-family dwelling or in a separate accessory structure on the same lot as an existing one-family dwelling. Find more information. More Information Boards, Committees and Commissions The County Executive and County Council encourage people who live or work in Montgomery County to become actively involved in matters affecting the quality of life in Montgomery County. More Information Montgomery County Update News and information from Montgomery County Office of Public Information. More Information CountyStat See how the County and its departments are performing by exploring performance dashboards and data visualizations. More Information dataMONTGOMERY Direct access to County data sets in consumable formats is available here. The public can review and analyze, and use the data sets for a variety of purposes. More Information Inspector General Hotline Report Fraud, Waste, or Abuse Related to the County Government, Independent County Agencies, or Montgomery County Funded Educational Systems More Information VisionZero The draft Vision Zero 2030 Action Plan was released for public comment on April 15. Learn more about the plan and attend an upcoming community talk using the link below. More Information Foster Parents Raise hope and foster dreams... Become A Foster Parent in Montgomery County! More Information Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Find out what the County is doing to ensure its programs and services are accessible. More Information SafeSpeed Find the locations of safe speed and red light cameras, and how to pay a speed camera citation on-line. More Information Community Guide for Immigrant Residents The Gilchrist Center is committed to doing everything we can do to ensure that all residents of Montgomery County feel safe and valued. More Information County Cable County Cable Montgomery (CCM) is on Comcast and RCN Ch 6, and Verizon on Ch 30. More Information eSubscription Email Subscribe Sign up for a newsletter or update your subscription preferences. Stay Informed Awards Contact Us County Cable Montgomery Social Media Directory Employment Opportunities Employee Directory Policies Privacy Policy User Rights Accessibility Language Translations Social Media County Code Translation The Google Translate Tool is displayed dynamically on Montgomery County web pages using a Google javascript function. The function is used to translate County web pages into different languages. However, the Google function displays a drop-down menu form field (with no label) and a Google logo image which has no alt tag. Google is aware of this issue. Copyright 2024 Montgomery County Government - All Rights Reserved. Go Top