University of Calgary Skip to main content Search Toggle Toolbox Search My UCalgary Webmail IT D2L IRISS ARCHIBUS HR Library Go Dinos Class Schedule UCalgary Directory Continuing Education Careers Bookstore Active Living Academic Calendar UCalgary Maps Faculty Websites Close Faculty Websites List Viewing: Faculty Websites Cumming School of Medicine Faculty of Arts Faculty of Graduate Studies Faculty of Kinesiology Faculty of Law Faculty of Nursing Faculty of Nursing (Qatar) Faculty of Science Faculty of Social Work Faculty of Veterinary Medicine Haskayne School of Business School of Architecture, Planning and Landscape School of Public Policy Schulich School of Engineering Werklund School of Education Toggle Navigation Future Students Future Students Future Students Get to know the UCalgary campus by taking a tour or attending an event for future students. Campus tours and events Undergraduate Undergraduate Undergraduate Why UCalgary Explore programs Tours and events Meet your recruiter How to apply How to apply How to apply Documents Dates and deadlines Fees and financing You've been admitted Indigenous students International students Parents and family High school counsellors and advisors Contacts and help Contacts and help Contacts and help Helpful resources Graduate Graduate Graduate Explore programs Finance Contacts How to apply Student life International students Understanding graduate studies Indigenous Graduate Students Open Studies Open Studies Open Studies Degree and non-degree holders Open Studies dates Visiting students and visiting student researchers High school students Professional and Continuing Education Professional and Continuing Education Professional and Continuing Education Continuing Education Haskayne School of Business - Executive Education Faculty of Social Work - Professional Development Program Continuing Medical Education & Professional Development Current Students Current Students Current Students Undergraduate Undergraduate Undergraduate Academics Finances Student Services Student life Office of the Registrar Under the Arch Graduate Graduate Graduate Newly admitted Forms & documents Managing my program Thesis Student services Entrepreneurship Tuition & fees Graduate calendar Alumni & Donors Alumni & Donors Alumni & Donors Alumni Engagement Alumni Engagement Alumni Engagement Events Benefits Communities News & stories Volunteer Connect with us Grow Your Career Invest in a different kind of energy and see the change you can make. Find out how you can make a difference today. Donate now Giving to UCalgary Giving to UCalgary Giving to UCalgary Energize: The Campaign for Eyes High How to give Contacts Research Faculty & Staff About UCalgary About UCalgary About UCalgary Our organization Our organization Our organization Our mandate Facts and figures Governance and leadership Faculties Our people Executive leadership team Administration UCalgary news UCalgary events UCalgary Podcasts Our history Our history Our history Calgary's urban evolution Changing face of campus Culture and society Culture and society Culture and society Watch Listen Look Energy and the environment High-performance athletics How we teach and learn Human and animal health Our place in the universe Our strategy Our strategy Our strategy Strategies and Plans Teaching and Learning Research and Scholarship Community Engagement Our campuses Our campuses Our campuses Campus maps and room finder Main Campus Foothills Campus Qatar Campus Downtown Campus Spy Hill Campus Field stations and other facilities The University of Calgary Here you can transform your inspiration into impact. Start something. Start Something. The University of Calgary is a place to start something—a career, a company, a new cure, or a new skill. We’re Canada’s entrepreneurial university. Join us! Undergraduate programs Take your next step at one of Canada’s top research universities. Whichever of our 250+ programs you choose, you’ll find state-of-the-art creative labs, hands-on learning, and invaluable mentorship opportunities. UCalgary doesn’t just teach entrepreneurial thinking, it’s part of everything we do. Ready to start something big? Explore undergraduate degree programs Graduate programs We offer more than 170 degrees across 65 graduate programs—all with the entrepreneurial thinking that defines UCalgary. From across Canada and around the world, we attract people who want to enhance their knowledge, create new career pathways, or pursue ground-breaking research. Want to start your next something? Explore graduate degree programs Professional and Continuing Education With more than 1,200 courses and seminars and 70 in-demand certificate programs, we help working professionals adapt to the changing labour market and curiosity-seekers gain personal enrichment. UCalgary’s courses are relevant, in-demand, and best-practise-based. Want to learn something new? Explore professional and cont-ed programs How UCalgary is Creating Tomorrow in the world of quantum Our nexus of innovation includes all phases of the quantum research pipeline, from foundational science to teaching and learning to technology creation Learn more ‘Empathy activism’ and how 1 educator is creating more inclusive teaching spaces2023 Inclusive Excellence Award recipient Safaneh Mohaghegh Neyshabouri approaches empathy as a skill that can be taughtRead more UCalgary celebrates inaugural First-Generation Networking NightStudents in First-in-Family Program find community and connection with peers, campus community and hear from 1st-generation groundbreakersRead more Rural communities face greater risks of radon exposure compared to urban areasUCalgary researchers find elevated radon gas levels in rural homes with close proximity to drilled groundwater wells.Read more Read more UCalgary News Why UCalgary? We've been ranked amongst the world's top universities and we've done it by pushing our limits, challenging ourselves to do better, and seeking knowledge – wherever that journey takes us. Explore the UCalgary Experience Undergraduate retention rate 250+ Programs in the 14 Faculties at UCalgary 34,000+ Students UCalgary educates over 26,000 undergraduate and 6,000 graduate students Graduate employment rate The University of Calgary ranked in the Top 5 Academic All-Canadian student-athletes See more facts and figures University of Calgary Strategies Learn more about our institutional strategies that have ameliorated obstacles and fostered greater equity, diversity, and inclusion for our students, researchers, staff and community both on and off campus. Learn more UCalgary events Explore all UCalgary events Start something at the University of Calgary Discover how Digital Privacy Statement Privacy Policy Website feedback University of Calgary 2500 University Drive NW Calgary Alberta T2N 1N4 CANADA Copyright © 2024 The University of Calgary, located in the heart of Southern Alberta, both acknowledges and pays tribute to the traditional territories of the peoples of Treaty 7, which include the Blackfoot Confederacy (comprised of the Siksika, the Piikani, and the Kainai First Nations), the Tsuut’ina First Nation, and the Stoney Nakoda (including Chiniki, Bearspaw, and Goodstoney First Nations). The City of Calgary is also home to the Métis Nation of Alberta (Districts 5 and 6). The University of Calgary is situated on land Northwest of where the Bow River meets the Elbow River, a site traditionally known as Moh’kins’tsis to the Blackfoot, Wîchîspa to the Stoney Nakoda, and Guts’ists’i to the Tsuut’ina. On this land and in this place we strive to learn together, walk together, and grow together “in a good way.”