Cyberbullying Research Center - How to Identify, Prevent, and Respond spinner2 arrow-up2 chevron-right chevron-left pinterest-p search facebook instagram rss youtube tumblr RESOURCES Educators Health Care Providers Parents Students Adult Victims Reference Materials Social Media, Cyberbullying, and Online Safety Glossary Most Popular Social Media Apps Multimedia Inspirational Images Share Your Story Report Cyberbullying LAWS Analysis and Implications Map of US Bullying Laws Map of US Bullying Policies Map of US Sexting Laws Map of US Cyberstalking Laws RESEARCH What is Bullying? What is Cyberbullying? Facts Tween Statistics Teen Statistics Teen Statistics by State Journal Articles Research Summaries and Fact Sheets Cyberbullying Research by Country PRESENTATIONS K-12 Student K-12 Educator University Law Enforcement Parents Upcoming Events Testimonials Organizations We’ve Worked With Where We’ve Been Featured Inquire about a Presentation BLOG Most Recent Educator Favorites Parent Favorites BOOKS CONNECT Get Cyberbullying Help Report Cyberbullying About Us Organizations We’ve Worked With Contact Inquire about a Presentation Media Appearances Get Updates from Us When Your Mother is Your CyberbullyLast winter when Sameer and I were writing the third edition of Bullying Beyond the Schoolyard (published last fall!), we spent quite a bit of time searching for unique examples of cyberbullying to include in the book. One of the more interesting cases I came across involved a 14-year-old girl from Beal City, Michigan. I […] World Anti-Bullying Forum 2023!It’s been over a month, but I still catch myself smiling when I think of the memories made at the 2023 World Anti-Bullying Forum (WABF). For those not familiar, WABF is an international forum and biennial conference focused on understanding and preventing bullying, cyberbullying, and other forms of interpersonal violence against children and young people. Delegates […] Cyberbullying Continues to Rise among Youth in the United StatesHere at the Cyberbullying Research Center, we routinely collect data from middle and high school students so that we can keep on top of what they are experiencing online. Over the last two decades, we have completed about twenty unique studies of teens and tweens in the United States involving more than 30,000 subjects. And […] Social Media, Youth, and New Legislation: The Most Critical ComponentsIn my last piece, I discussed how some legislation in various US states has been proposed without careful consideration of the contributing factors of internalized and externalized harm among youth. More specifically, I expressed concern that the complexities surrounding why youth struggle emotionally and psychologically demand more than simplistic, largely unenforceable solutions. We recognize that […] State Laws, Social Media Bans, and Youth: What Are We Doing?There has been a flurry of activity related to new legislation intending to make social media and gaming platforms safer and more accountable to upholding expected standards of trust, security, transparency, and privacy. These laws are being proposed because of continued concern of possible ill effects of popular platforms on the well-being of young people. […] Takeaways from the Surgeon General’s Advisory on Social MediaU.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy issued an advisory earlier this year entitled “Social Media and Youth Mental Health.” In this public statement, Dr. Murthy summarizes the (limited and often methodologically shaky) research related to adolescents use of social media. His primary focus is on mental health, though other aspects of child wellbeing are also […] Harassment in TikTok Comments: A Pilot Test of the TikTok Research APIIn the Spring of 2023, TikTok released a Research API to academic researchers in the United States in an effort to “enhance transparency with the research community” and “stay accountable to how we moderate and recommend content.”1 According to their documentation, approved access allows for the retrieval of: • Public account data, such as user […] Generative AI Risks and Harms – The Role of Platforms and UsersGenerative AI is revolutionizing the way that content is created as user-friendly tools have made their way into the hands of the masses around the world. The possibilities seem endless, and their application may impact almost every sector of society. Since the beginning of time, though, every novel technology suffused with promise also provides an […] Generative AI as a Vector for Harassment and HarmAs a social science researcher studying trust and safety on online platforms, it is critical to think through potential risks and negative impacts associated with the use of generative AI technologies. To be sure, its potential is incredible – and will benefit societal members in almost limitless ways. In this environment of giddy euphoria about […] A Teen’s View of Social Media in 2023I met Amelia when speaking at a high school in Central Florida, and was struck by her wide-angle view on the impact of social media in her life, and in the lives of her peers. I thought our readers could learn a lot from her insights, and so I asked her to provide this year’s […] Take it Down: A New Tool to Combat the Unauthorized Sharing of Explicit Images of MinorsIt has long been stressed that once you send an image to someone else, or post it online, you lose complete control over how that image is used and where it might end up. While this is still mostly true, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), with funding from Meta, has developed […] School Administrators Charged with Child Exploitation After Investigating SextingLast spring, Brush High School (Brush, Colorado) assistant principal Bradley Bass was alerted to a student sexting issue at his school. He and secondary schools director Scott Hodgson looked into it. They talked to some students who were reportedly involved, and determined that intimate images had been shared consensually. At least one student voluntarily showed […] How Media Literacy Can Prevent Online HarmYouth are accessing a remarkable number of mediums (often at the same time!), and are constantly exposed to a wide and deep array of content. This spans the gamut from texts and notifications, to TikTok videos and Snap(chat) stories, to Twitter Spaces and Discord chats. This tidal wave of content is not going to ebb. […] Cyberbullying Among Asian American Youth Before and During the COVID-19 PandemicLast year I posted preliminary results of our inquiry into whether cyberbullying had increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. We found that it had in fact increased, though not to the extent that some had predicted. Today I can share that additional findings from this research have just been published in the Journal of School Health. […] Model Sexting LawIn my last post, I discussed what I learned in reviewing all of the state sexting laws across the U.S. Some states have comprehensive sexting laws while many others—23 to be exact—have no sexting specific law whatsoever. As noted in my post, this is problematic for a number of reasons, including the risk that minors […] What is Bullying? Understand exactly what bullying is, and what it is not. What is Cyberbullying? Provides our well-cited definition of cyberbullying so you know how to spot it. Cyberbullying Statistics How much are kids being cyberbullied, and in what ways? Cyberbullying Keynotes & Workshops Cyberbullying keynotes and workshops to equip and empower educators are here. Cyberbullying Student Presentations & Assemblies Our compelling, relevant bullying and cyberbullying assemblies for students. Cyberbullying Parent and Community Presentations Sessions for parents and community members to help them keep kids safe, supported, and thriving online. Cyberbullying Resources for Educators Educators, here are numerous free PDF tip sheets, activities, and strategies to reduce tech misuse and promote its positive use. Cyberbullying Resources for Parents Parents, promote the positive use of technology with these free PDF resources. Cyberbullying Resources for Youth Students, here are resources to keep your online experience safe and fun. Cyberbullying Stories Read the experiences of those targeted online, in their own words. Most Popular Social Media Apps Description, history, user count, and age restrictions for any social media app you can think of. Report Cyberbullying Need cyberbullying help? Here's the contact info of every site, app, and gaming platform. Bullying & Cyberbullying Laws Need to know the bullying and cyberbullying laws in your state? Bullying & Cyberbullying Policies In Your State Know what to include in your school or organizational policy. Cyberbullying Research by Country An interactive map of cyberbullying research done in different countries of the world. Organizations Worked With View All Featured On View All Upcoming EventsMon04Mar2024Private School PresentationEau Claire, WIAssembly for middle and high school students at Regis High School in Eau Claire, WI.Thu07Mar2024Estonian Bullying Free School Annual ConferenceTallinn, EstoniaKeynote presentation on youth, technology, and behavioral and mental health >> See All Events Testimonials With his clear, calm, and compassionate approach, Dr. Sameer Hinduja takes the fear out of cyberbullying and social media use. His family-oriented presentation is exactly what parents, caregivers, and educators need in today's fast-paced, digital world. The best discussion of the subject we have ever seen!Charlene Margot, MA, Co-Founder and CEOThe Parent VentureI was interested in bringing Sameer Hinduja to our school after I heard a colleague rave about him. I spoke to my administration who supported bringing Dr. Hinduja to speak to our 5th graders, middle and upper school students and parents. He visited our campus for two days and spoke about social media and cyber bullying in a compassionate and inspirational manner. The students were engaged, laughing as he was able to connect with each age group, and they took away thought provoking questions about who they are and who they want to be. I cannot say enough positive comments about Sameer Hinduja. One 7th grade student commented, “he was the best speaker so far.” A parent stated, “I am SO grateful that you brought him, it is such an important and timely topic.” Dr. Hinduja combined real life scenarios, research, and humor effortlessly. He even presented his own Tik-Tok that he made. I highly recommend Dr. Hinduja to speak to audiences of all ages. He is not only a presenter that will capture your attention but a warm, sensitive, and compassionate human being who I hope to stay in touch with.Lauri Kassewitz, LMHC, Middle School CounselorMiami Country Day SchoolWe have worked with The Cyberbullying Research Center for over five years, specifically with Justin Patchin and Sameer Hinduja. The information that they provide to our students is always relevant to their lives. Sameer presented the cyber-safety material this year in a way that students can understand and apply it. He maintains a tone of importance and seriousness in the message that relays to them the responsibility they assume while on social media, yet it is not in language or tone that implies blame, nor does it resemble lecture. Our teachers reported that students were really focused and enjoyed the presentation. The material from The Cyberbullying Research Center is alway fresh and discusses the most recent apps and devices that our 2021, pandemic students are using to communicate. We will call upon Sameer and Justin in the future.Heidi Foley, PrincipalAcademy of Holy Angels, Minneapolis, MNDr. Hinduja delivered smart, informative, compelling presentations that gave the audiences much to consider. Each presentation was tailored to the particular perspective of middle school students, high school students, and parents; they definitely hit the mark. Additionally, as a faith-based school, I appreciated the spiritual grounding Sameer was able to share with students. Highly recommended!Christopher Keavy, President, St. John Paul II SchoolSt. John Paul II School, Hyannis, MA Recent Media Mentions Books Bullying Beyond the Schoolyard: Preventing and Responding to Cyberbullying Bullying Today: Bullet Points and Best Practices A Leader’s Guide to “Words Wound” Words Wound: Delete Cyberbullying and Make Kindness Go Viral Cyberbullying Prevention and Response: Expert Perspectives School Climate 2.0: Preventing Cyberbullying and Sexting One Classroom at a Time