Cru Africa Asia Europe Latin America / Caribbean North America Oceania Burundi Français Cameroon English Chad Français Cote d'ivoire Français Congo French Ethiopia English, Amharic Ghana English Kenya English Liberia English Malawi English Namibia English Nigeria English Rwanda English South Africa English Togo Français Uganda English Hong Kong 香港繁體 India English Japan 日本語 Macau 香港繁體 Mongolia Монгол Philippines English Singapore English South Korea 한국어 Taiwan 香港繁體 Thailand ไทย Lebanon العربية Nepal English Albania shqiptar Austria Deutsch Belgium Dutch, English Bulgaria български език Estonia eesti Finland suomi France français Germany Deutsch Greece ελληνικά Hungary magyar Ireland English Italy Italiano, English Kosovo English Latvia Latviešu Valoda Lithuania lietuvių kalba Moldova Русский, Română Netherlands Nederlands Poland Język Polski Portugal Português Romania English Slovakia Slovenčina Spain Español Sweden Svenska Switzerland Deutsch UK English Ukraine Русский, English Argentina Español Brazil Português Chile Español Colombia Español Ecuador Español El Salvador Español Guatemala Español Latinoamérica y El Caribe Español Mexico Español Panama Español Paraguay Español Peru Español Puerto Rico Español Venezuela Español Trinidad & Tobago English Canada English, Français United States English Australia English New Zealand English Fiji English Learn Connect Go About Store Give How to Know God Do you ever wonder what Christians believe? Who Jesus is, what he did and why it matters? Get answers to these questions and more. Spiritual Growth Take the next step in your faith journey with resources on prayer, devotionals and other tools for personal and spiritual growth. Life & Relationships Explore resources to help you live out your life and relationships in a way that honors God. Bible Studies Find resources for personal or group Bible study. Share the Gospel Learn to develop your skills, desire and ability to join others on their spiritual journeys and take them closer to Jesus. Help Others Grow Help others in their faith journey through discipleship and mentoring. Leadership Training Develop your leadership skills and learn how to launch a ministry wherever you are. Language Resources View our top Cru resources in more than 20 languages. Quizzes & Assessments Have some fun taking various quizzes and assessments to learn about yourself and others. Campus Helping students know Jesus, grow in their faith and go to the world to tell others. City Reflecting Jesus together for the good of the city. Inner City Partnering with urban churches to meet physical and spiritual needs. Athletes Striving to see Christ-followers on every team, in every sport and in every nation. Families Equipping families with practical approaches to parenting and marriage. High School Reaching students and faculty in middle and high school. Military Bringing hope and resources to military families worldwide. Locate Cru Near You More Mission Trips Volunteer abroad this year on a short term global missions trip offered by one of the best, most-reliable Christian missions organizations in the world. 1-Year Full-Time Internships Internship opportunities with Cru's ministries. Careers If you're looking for the best Christian jobs and careers, check out Cru's ministry job openings for full- and part-time missionaries and professionals. Go International Live in another country building relationships and ministries with eternal impact. Volunteer Opportunities Would you like to give your time to work with Cru? We need you. Events Find a Cru event near you. Explore Your Interests Use your hobbies and interests to find the best place for you to serve. What We Do How we seek to journey together with everyone towards a relationship with Jesus. Donor Relations Answers to questions on donations, financial policies, Cru’s annual report and more. Statement of Faith What we believe about the gospel and our call to serve every nation. Our Leadership Learn about Cru's global leadership team. Cru Partnerships When the global church comes together then powerful things can happen. Values Leading from values so others will walk passionately with God to grow and bear fruit. Oneness in Diversity Because ethnicity is part of the good of creation, we seek to honor and celebrate the ethnic identity of those with whom we serve as well as those we seek to reach. Sexuality and Gender Today we encounter a wide variety of questions related to sexuality and gender. As followers of Christ, we want to navigate LGBT+ questions in a way that is compassionate to people and faithful to scripture. Storylines Showing God in action in and through His people. Press Hear what others are saying about Cru. Contact Us Start A New Gift Missionaries Ministries Featured Opportunities More Ways to Give Your Account Your Giving Profile Payment Methods Receipts More Ways to Give Donor-Advised Funds Stock and Non-Cash Gifts Cryptocurrency Planned Giving with Cru Foundation Turn on The Light Help people hear the true message of Jesus 60 million times this year! Search Learn How to Know God Spiritual Growth Life & Relationships Bible Studies Share the Gospel Help Others Grow Leadership Training Language Resources Quizzes & Assessments Blog Connect Campus City Inner City Athletes Families High School Military Locate Cru Near You More Go Mission Trips 1-Year Full-Time Internships Careers Go International Volunteer Opportunities Events Explore Your Interests About What We Do Donor Relations Statement of Faith Our Leadership Cru Partnerships Values Oneness in Diversity Sexuality and Gender Storylines Press Contact Us Cru22 Recorded Sessions Store Give Start A New Gift Your Giving Payment Methods Profile Receipts More Ways to Give Easter Truth & Reflections Sign up to receive our Easter truth and reflections guide to better understand what Jesus' resurrection means for you. Get Now What Is Easter? A Deep Dive Into Its Significance What is Easter? And why is it so important? Discover the origins of Easter and why Resurrection Sunday is so significant to Jesus’ followers — then and now. Path of the Cross: a Holy Week Devotional Journey through this eight-day devotional series about Jesus' final days of ministry on earth, reflecting on Jesus’ path to the cross and what it means for you today. What Is the Resurrection? Have you ever wondered what the resurrection of Jesus is, why Christians believe in it, and why it matters? This article has answers to those questions. Exploring your life’s purpose Let’s journey together Opportunity Knocks at Halloween Halloween can be an ideal time to connect with your neighbors. Here are some ideas for how to "treat" those who come to your front door. What Is Justification and How Does It Work? Justification is a legal declaration from God that you are innocent of sin. This definition is the best place to start, but learning how justification takes place is where we find the greatest hope. How to Pray Through Spiritual Warfare For Christians facing spiritual warfare, prayer can change the way you experience these moments and get through them. Growing your faith 5 Spiritual Disciplines to Help Grow Your Walk With God When it comes to your relationship with God, it can be overwhelming knowing what to do or how to navigate the next step. Here are five spiritual disciplines to help grow your walk with God. Summer Darland 21 Bible Verses on Trusting God Trusting God is a vital part of your relationship with Him. Here are 21 verses that can help you grow in your understanding of and trust in God. Brittany Yesudasan Personal Evangelism 101: The Complete Guide Personal evangelism is worthwhile. Here’s how to approach it effectively. Chelsea Kight Discovering your calling Giving everyone an opportunity to know Jesus. Teach Me to Share We know that sharing your faith can bring feelings of uncertainty and anxiety: How do I begin? How will they respond? Will I say the right thing? Learn how to get started in having these important conversations. Help others grow What if discipleship was a community of believers who helped each other grow in their faith and fruitfulness? Share the Gospel Leadership Training Discipleship Digital Ministry LEARN How to Know God Spiritual Growth Life & Relationships Share the Gospel Help Others Grow Leadership Training CONNECT Campus High School Athletes Families City Inner City Military ABOUT Statement of Faith Donor Relations Cru Store Contact Us Terms of Use Your Privacy Cookies Settings GO Mission Trips Careers 1-Year Full-Time Internships Cru Near Me ©1994-2024 Cru. All Rights Reserved. ©1994-2024 Cru. All Rights Reserved.