Bruegel Skip to main content Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Careers Contact About Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets The Sound of Economics Events Our Researchers Improving economic policy Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets The Sound of Economics Events Our Researchers Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Careers Contact About Search: Search Suggested keywords: decarbonisation COVID-19 energy climate change monetary policy Global supply chains: lessons from a decade of disruption Read the working paper Working paper Knowledge spillovers and geopolitical challenges in global supply chains Our main message is that policies restricting knowledge flows should be limited to narrowly defined areas of strategic importance. Niclas Poitiers and Kamil Sekut 29 February 2024 trade policy global governance ... innovation industrial policy Analysis The European Union-Russia energy divorce: state of play EU-Russia energy trade has fallen hugely since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but the EU could still do more to reduce dependence Ben McWilliams, Giovanni Sgaravatti, Simone Tagliapietra and Georg Zachmann 22 February 2024 eu governance energy ... decarbonisation trade policy Policy brief The state of financial knowledge in the European Union Financial literacy is essential in modern economies, where saving and preparing for retirement has shifted increasingly to the individual. Maria Demertzis, Luca Léry Moffat, Annamaria Lusardi and Juan Mejino Lopez 23 February 2024 financial literacy Podcast South Korea's semiconductor strategy Economic ties are being reshaped by the semiconductor industry's evolution Listen In focus: Ukraine Event Two years later: addressing long-term consequences of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine The event will mark the anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, focusing on discussions about sanctions, accession, and energy 07 March 2024 Analysis The European Union-Russia energy divorce: state of play EU-Russia energy trade has fallen hugely since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but the EU could still do more to reduce dependence Ben McWilliams, Giovanni Sgaravatti, Simone Tagliapietra and Georg Zachmann 22 February 2024 eu governance energy ... decarbonisation trade policy Podcast What to do with frozen Russian assets How could the EU help further fund Ukraine two years into the war? The Sound of Economics 21 February 2024 eu governance geopolitics Opinion piece Two years later Maria Demertzis 13 February 2024 eu governance geopolitics ... European neighbourhood policy energy decarbonisation View more Research assistants Bruegel welcomes applications for Research assistants from all areas of economic research and Research assistants interested in the field of Energy and Climate. Learn more Meet our fellows Rebecca Christie Senior fellow Maria Demertzis Senior fellow Alicia García-Herrero Senior fellow Niclas Poitiers Research fellow Fiona M. Scott Morton Senior fellow Theodore Nierenberg Professor, Yale School of Management Simone Tagliapietra Senior fellow Reinhilde Veugelers Senior fellow Jeromin Zettelmeyer Director Bruegel See all fellows China research Bruegel regularly publishes research on China's relationship with the EU and the wider world. Explore In case you missed it Analysis Four questions for Germany’s big hydrogen power plan Germany’s hydrogen strategy will have ripples across Europe and should be discussed more widely Ben McWilliams and Georg Zachmann 19 February 2024 energy sustainability ... decarbonisation climate change Essay A tale of two treatises: the Werner and Delors Reports and the birth of the euro Focusing on the Werner and Delors Reports, this essay aims to capture key ideas and debates, giving a chronological overview of the EMU process Ivo Maes 14 February 2024 euro area european monetary union ... monetary policy fiscal policy Event Unity in power, power in unity: why the EU needs more integrated electricity markets Launch of the Bruegel paper on the future of the European single electricity market. 28 February 2024 energy Analysis Income inequality hardly changed during the COVID-19 pandemic Contrary to expectations, there was no widespread increase in either within-country or global income inequality during the pandemic Zsolt Darvas 08 February 2024 inequality Covid-19 Republishing and referencing policy Bruegel considers itself a public good and takes no institutional standpoint. Anyone is free to republish and/or quote any of our posts without prior consent. Please provide a full reference, clearly stating Bruegel and the relevant author as the source and include a prominent hyperlink to the original post. Bruegel's Weekly Newsletter Subscribe to The Why Axis Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets The Sound of Economics Events Our Researchers Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Careers Contact About © BRUEGEL. All rights reserved. Design and development by Soapbox.