IT news, careers, business technology, reviews | Computerworld Close Ad computerworld UNITED STATES United States Australia India Netherlands New Zealand United Kingdom More from the Foundry Network About Us | Contact | Republication Permissions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Copyright Notice | Terms of Service | European Privacy Settings | Member Preferences | Advertising | Foundry Careers | Ad Choices | E-commerce Links | California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info | Follow Us × Close Q&A: Github COO on how genAI makes devs more efficient Heads on: Apple’s Vision Pro delivers a glimpse of the future 26 note-perfecting tips for Google Keep on Android Advertisement Don't Miss: 14 advanced Android 14 tips Generative AI — full coverage Best Places to Work in IT 2024 Windows 10 cheat sheet How to select ESG software IT In-Depth Enterprise mobility 2024: Welcome, genAI Google Workspace power tips: Tap into cross-app productivity Apple’s Vision Pro isn’t a full-fledged Mac replacement — yet Microsoft Copilot Pro review: Office joins the genAI revolution Anthropic gives its flagship generative AI models a facelift The startup company says the latest update to Claude brings more speed, accuracy and an upcoming ‘lite’ version. Jon Gold | Apple Holic Spotify wants something for nothing, Apple claims after big EU fine The European Commission slapped Apple with a big $1.95 billion fine for anti-competitive conduct in the music streaming market. Apple will appeal. Jonny Evans | Heads on: Apple’s Vision Pro delivers a glimpse of the future Yes, the cutting-edge headset is a stunning entertainment device. But beyond that, it clearly shows promise for the business world as well. Michael deAgonia | Advertisement EC to grill Meta on Facebook ‘subscription for no ads’ plan The European Commission's latest request for information comes three months after an earlier official inquiry under the Digital Services Act. Jon Gold | Return-to-office initiatives or stealth layoffs? Why not both? Dell has recently been accused of forcing people to quit by requiring them to return to the office unnecessarily. It’s far from the only company to use this tactic. Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols | Apple Holic Apple warns of increased iPhone security risks Apple has told its European customers that new EU competition laws will make iPhones less safe. Jonny Evans | Microsoft unveils new AI tools for Windows 11 The latest skills allow Copilot to adjust PC settings, while generative AI features in Clipchamp and Photos enable improved editing. Matthew Finnegan | Google Workspace tips and tutorials Learn how to use and get the most from Google Docs, Sheets, Slides, Meet, Keep, Forms, Gmail, and other apps in Google’s Workspace productivity suite. Valerie Potter | Windows 11: A guide to the updates Here’s what you need to know about the latest updates to Windows 11 as they’re released from Microsoft. Now updated for KB5034848 Preview, released on Feb. 29, 2024. Preston Gralla | Windows 10: A guide to the updates Here's what you need to know about each update to the current version of Windows 10 as it's released from Microsoft. Now updated for KB5034843 Preview, released on Feb. 29, 2024. Preston Gralla | Advertisement Office 365: A guide to the updates Get the latest info on new features, bug fixes, and security updates for Office 365/Microsoft 365 for Windows as they roll out from Microsoft. Now updated for Version 2402 (Build 17328.20142), released on Feb. 28, 2024. Preston Gralla | Elon Musk sues OpenAI alleging breach of founding agreement The lawsuit could hold far reaching implications for Microsoft’s use of GPT-4 and other upcoming models in its products. Anirban Ghoshal | The Zen of IT The food delivery driver identification dilemma Ever use one of those mobile food delivery apps — only to realize your delivery person isn't who you expected? There's a lesson here about identity, authentication, and what happens when the best laid tech plan meets human beings. Evan Schuman | 26 note-perfecting tips for Google Keep on Android Turn Google's note-taking app into a powerful mobile productivity tool with these easy-to-follow tips. JR Raphael | Eight European consumer watchdogs file complaints over Meta’s data processing Meta could be in hot water with EU regulators again over its data collection practices. Jon Gold | Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our free newsletters Subscribe Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us About Us Contact Republication Permissions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Advertising Foundry Careers Ad Choices E-commerce Links California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Online InfoWorld Network World