Phys.org - News and Articles on Science and Technology Topics Week's top Latest news Unread news Subscribe Science X Account Remember me Sign In Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Not a member? Sign up Learn more Nanotechnology Physics Earth Astronomy & Space Chemistry Biology Other Sciences Medicine Technology Last update: 8 hours ago An inside look at beech tree disease Science news Date 6 hours 12 hours 1 day 3 days all Rank Last day 1 week 1 month all LiveRank Last day 1 week 1 month all Popular Last day 1 week 1 month all Superconductivity Tests show high-temperature superconducting magnets are ready for fusion In the predawn hours of Sept. 5, 2021, engineers achieved a major milestone in the labs of MIT's Plasma Science and Fusion Center (PSFC), when a new type of magnet, made from high-temperature superconducting material, achieved ... 14 hours ago 2 181 General Physics Researchers find exception to 200-year-old scientific law governing heat transfer A team of researchers led by the University of Massachusetts Amherst has recently found an exception to the 200-year-old law, known as Fourier's Law, that governs how heat diffuses through solid materials. 9 hours ago 0 52 Geologists explore the hidden history of Colorado's Spanish Peaks If you've driven the mostly flat stretch of I-25 in Colorado from Pueblo to Trinidad, you've seen them: the Spanish Peaks, twin mountains that soar into the sky out of nowhere, reaching ... If you've driven the mostly flat stretch of I-25 in Colorado from Pueblo to Trinidad, you've seen them: the Spanish Peaks, twin mountains that soar into ... Earth Sciences 8 hours ago 0 75 James Webb Space Telescope captures the end of planet formation The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is helping scientists uncover how planets form by advancing understanding of their birthplaces and the circumstellar disks surrounding young stars. The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is helping scientists uncover how planets form by advancing understanding of their birthplaces and the circumstellar ... Planetary Sciences 10 hours ago 0 81 Unraveling the mystery of chiton visual systems You'd probably walk past a chiton without even seeing it. These creatures often look like nothing more than another speck of seaweed on the crusty intertidal rocks. But it sees you. ... You'd probably walk past a chiton without even seeing it. These creatures often look like nothing more than another speck of seaweed on the crusty intertidal ... Plants & Animals 14 hours ago 1 77 Researchers use liquid crystals to control polarization inside laser-written waveguides Researchers have developed a new way to control and manipulate optical signals by embedding a liquid crystal layer into waveguides created with direct laser writing. The new devices enable electro-optical control of polarization, ... Optics & Photonics 9 hours ago 0 69 Although trust in science remains high, the public questions scientists' adherence to science's norms Science is one of the most highly regarded institutions in America, with nearly three-quarters of the public expressing "a great deal" or "a fair amount" of confidence in scientists. But confidence in science has nonetheless ... Social Sciences 9 hours ago 0 24 Mantle convection linked to seaway closure that transformed Earth's oceanographic circulation patterns Continental drift is a concept familiar to many, referencing the movement of Earth's continents due to shifting tectonic plates over millions of years, splitting one globe-spanning supercontinent into the configuration we ... Earth Sciences feature 17 hours ago 0 98 Multiple spacecraft tell the story of one giant solar storm April 17, 2021, was a day like any other day on the sun, until a brilliant flash erupted and an enormous cloud of solar material billowed away from our star. Such outbursts from the sun are not unusual, but this one was unusually ... Astronomy 10 hours ago 0 97 Lipid nanoparticles research closing in on genetic treatments for hereditary lung disease, vision loss Researchers who work with tiny drug carriers known as lipid nanoparticles have developed a new type of material capable of reaching the lungs and the eyes, an important step toward genetic therapy for hereditary conditions ... Bio & Medicine 9 hours ago 0 1 Observations find evidence of patchy cloud layers in the atmosphere of a nearby planetary-mass object Astronomers have performed multi-wavelength photometric observations of a nearby planetary-mass object known as SIMP J013656.5+093347. Results of the observational campaign, presented February 22 on the pre-print server arXiv, ... Astronomy report 17 hours ago 0 85 Special insecticide paint may help curb Zika and dengue fever outbreaks Malaria and other illnesses caused by parasites, viruses, and bacteria transmitted by organisms that spread infectious pathogens account for more than 17% of all infectious diseases worldwide. These vector-borne diseases, ... Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes 2 hours ago 0 0 Breastfeeding after COVID-19 booster can give babies antibodies, research finds Lactating mothers who get the COVID-19 booster pass along the antibodies to their children via their breast milk—and potentially protect babies too young to receive the vaccine, a study from the University of Florida Institute ... Pediatrics 9 hours ago 0 31 Corporate sponsor program Modeled After the Real World Gain a stronger understanding of product behavior and get quicker answers during the development cycle by building accurate models and lightning-fast standalone simulation apps. Learn more about COMSOL Multiphysics. The Future is Interdisciplinary Find out how ACS can accelerate your research to keep up with the discoveries that are pushing us into science’s next frontier Featured Last Comments Popular Dialog Research finds evidence that reductions in sea ice are helping tree lines spread north 14 hours ago 0 Bacterial genes responsible for breaking down metformin in sewer water discovered 15 hours ago 0 Mantle convection linked to seaway closure that transformed Earth's oceanographic circulation patterns 17 hours ago 0 Observations find evidence of patchy cloud layers in the atmosphere of a nearby planetary-mass object 17 hours ago 0 Saturday Citations: Will they or won't they? A black hole binary refuses to merge. Plus: Vestigial eyeballs Mar 2, 2024 0 Medical Xpress Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Special insecticide paint may help curb Zika and dengue fever outbreaks Pediatrics Breastfeeding after COVID-19 booster can give babies antibodies, research finds Oncology & Cancer Genetic germline variations influence expression of cancer cell genes, finds study Radiology & Imaging New AI model draws maps to diagnose disease Genetics Transfer learning paves the way for new disease treatments Immunology Scientists report positive immune response against mpox using a COVID-19 vaccine Addiction DNA aptamer drug sensors can instantly detect cocaine, heroin and fentanyl—even when combined with other drugs Psychology & Psychiatry Your brain in the zone: A new neuroimaging study reveals how the brain achieves a creative flow state Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Common immune response is found to be protective across many diseases Genetics A better way to deliver fetal therapy for serious genetic disorders Medical research New analytical method provides first step toward early diagnosis of metastasis Obstetrics & gynaecology Zika vaccine safe and effective when administered during pregnancy, finds study in marmosets Oncology & Cancer Gene-edited lymphocytes and the path toward 'off-the-shelf' therapy against cervical cancer Overweight & Obesity Researchers show that just 5 months of exercise can reduce cardiovascular risk in obese children Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Low iron levels resulting from infection could be key trigger of long COVID Pediatrics It's not just you: Young people look, feel older when they're stressed Radiology & Imaging Customized hearing implants: How synchrotron imaging is changing the game Immunology T follicular helper cells research makes new immune system discoveries Dentistry Silver diamine fluoride prevents cavities and keeps existing ones from worsening in school-based program Pediatrics New AI smartphone tool accurately diagnoses ear infections Sports medicine & Kinesiology Robotic hip exoskeleton shows promise for helping stroke patients regain their stride Medical research Scientists have used cells from fluid drawn during pregnancy to grow mini lungs and other organs Psychology & Psychiatry Study shows differences in how patients with impulse control disorder process consequences Health Global study unveils 'problematic' use of porn Medications Study reveals positive outcomes of pharmacy care management service for medically complex Medicare Advantage members Neuroscience Exposure to different kinds of music influences how the brain interprets rhythm Medical research Dancing cells show how the brain awakens from anesthesia Medical research Researchers discover an RNA molecule that could be used as a therapeutic target against cancer cells Psychology & Psychiatry Who military service members see as credible to discuss secure firearm storage for suicide prevention Cardiology Lower risk of death, cardiovascular events in hyperthyroid patients treated with surgery than with medication Tech Xplore Electronics & Semiconductors Scientists enhance wireless communication with three-dimensional processors Robotics New dressing robot can 'mimic' the actions of care workers Engineering A new light on arc-faults: Enhancing electrical fire safety Energy & Green Tech Balancing building temperatures sustainably with a device requiring no extra energy Energy & Green Tech Research team develops low-emission, natural-gas-fueled hybrid truck Computer Sciences Computer scientists find a better method to detect and prevent toxic AI prompts Energy & Green Tech Scientists put forth a smarter way to protect a smarter grid Business Cost of direct air carbon capture to remain higher than hoped Engineering Bubble simulation: Model improves prediction of cavitation nuclei Internet Unveiling the future: A comprehensive dive into Web3's revolutionary ecosystem Machine learning & AI ChatGPT-rival Anthropic releases more powerful AI Hardware Tailoring a comfort-fit police jacket Hardware As auto industry deadlines loom for impaired-driver detection tech, researchers offer low-cost solution Electronics & Semiconductors Demand for computer chips fueled by AI could reshape global politics and security Computer Sciences AI bias: The organized struggle against automated discrimination Machine learning & AI Do AI video-generators dream of San Pedro? Madonna among early adopters of AI's next wave Telecom Three Red Sea underwater data cables have been cut as Houthi attacks continue in the vital waterway Business Apple hit with 1.8-bn-euro EU fine for music streaming restrictions Computer Sciences Your face for sale: Anyone can legally gather and market your facial data without explicit consent Engineering Want a noninvasive health monitor? Put a ring on it. Energy & Green Tech Combining big data and machine learning to predict power outages and help consumers prepare Business EU's five biggest antitrust fines on big tech Machine learning & AI AI bot 'Jennifer' calling California voters for Congress hopeful Business JetBlue, Spirit Airlines cancel merger after blocked by US court Engineering City without walls: Buildings, energy, psychology overlap, says researcher Business Google trims jobs in trust and safety while others work 'around the clock' Internet Facebook won't keep paying Australian media outlets for their content. Are we about to get another news ban? Computer Sciences Building a supercomputer on wheels Software Optimal shipping carton utilization Business Apple's new EU measures draw complaint from 34 digital organizations Scientists enhance wireless communication with three-dimensional processors Scientists at the University of Florida have pioneered a method for using semiconductor technology to manufacture processors that significantly enhance the efficiency of transmitting vast amounts of data across the globe. ... Electronics & Semiconductors 10 hours ago 0 31 Genetic germline variations influence expression of cancer cell genes, finds study Researchers at Baylor College of Medicine's Dan L Duncan Comprehensive Cancer Center and Human Genome Sequencing Center investigated the extent to which forms of genetic variation called germline or inherited structural variation ... Oncology & Cancer 9 hours ago 0 27 Study of slowly evolving 'living fossils' reveals key genetic insights In 1859, Charles Darwin coined the term "living fossils" to describe organisms that show little species diversity or physical differences from their ancestors in the fossil record. In a new study, Yale researchers provide ... Plants & Animals 10 hours ago 0 141 New AI model draws maps to diagnose disease Medical diagnostics expert, doctor's assistant, and cartographer are all fair titles for an artificial intelligence model developed by researchers at the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology. Radiology & Imaging 10 hours ago 1 2 Newly discovered protein prevents DNA triplication Every time a cell divides, its DNA is duplicated so that the two daughter cells have the same genetic material as their parent. This means that, millions of times a day, a biochemical wonder takes place in the body: the copying ... Molecular & Computational biology 10 hours ago 0 58 Modeling the origins of life: New evidence for an 'RNA World' Charles Darwin described evolution as "descent with modification." Genetic information in the form of DNA sequences is copied and passed down from one generation to the next. But this process must also be somewhat flexible, ... Evolution 11 hours ago 0 32 Study reveals the crow's best friend: Humans A new study from Tel Aviv University (TAU) has examined what happens to birds that are accustomed to living around humans, when their habitat is suddenly emptied of the presence of humans. Among other birds, the researchers ... Plants & Animals 11 hours ago 0 54 Transfer learning paves the way for new disease treatments Technological advances in gene sequencing and computing have led to an explosion in the availability of bioinformatic data and processing power, respectively, creating a ripe nexus for artificial intelligence (AI) to design ... Genetics 10 hours ago 0 3 Scientists report positive immune response against mpox using a COVID-19 vaccine Scientists at City of Hope, one of the largest cancer research and treatment organizations in the United States, show that a COVID-19 vaccine developed at the organization's Los Angeles campus also protects against mpox, ... Immunology 11 hours ago 0 20 DNA aptamer drug sensors can instantly detect cocaine, heroin and fentanyl—even when combined with other drugs Researchers from North Carolina State University have developed a new generation of high-performance DNA aptamers and highly accurate drug sensors for cocaine and other opioids. The sensors are drug-specific and can detect ... Addiction 10 hours ago 0 19 An inside look at beech tree disease Beech trees provide food for animals, timber for wood products, and sustenance for beech drop plants, but they are under threat from beech leaf disease (BLD). The disease, first documented in 2012 in the Midwest, is associated ... Changes to risk warnings could result in nearly 14% more cash being invested by the public, study says New research by The Investing and Saving Alliance (TISA) and the University of Nottingham shows that providing balanced, contextualized risk warnings resulted in an approximately 14% increase in cash invested in stocks and ... Role of African women and young people in agricultural service provision investigated in new study The role of African women and young people engaged in agricultural service provision has been investigated in a new CABI-led study published in the CABI Agriculture and Bioscience journal. Study: Impact of agricultural activities on PM2.5 in Lombardy is comparable to that of urbanization, industry A research study from Politecnico di Milano in the journal Chemosphere has quantified the impact of agricultural activities on the spatial distribution of fine dust (PM 2.5) in Lombardy, showing that it is comparable to the ... Viewing of child sexual abuse material is often preceded by habitual consumption of adult pornography: Report Viewing of child sexual abuse material, CSAM, is often preceded by habitual consumption of adult pornography, according to findings from a project conducted in collaboration between the University of Eastern Finland, Protect ... Researchers develop amphibian-inspired camouflage skin Inspired by amphibians such as the wood frog, investigators designed and synthesized a new type of camouflage skin involving one-dimensional photonic crystal structures assembled in three-dimensional flexible gels. Research team develops protein-based microcapsule for point-of-care diagnostics Aptamers, the nucleic acid-based biosensors with the ability to bind specific proteins or small molecules, offer a way to identify target molecules without the complexity of analytical apparatuses. While being increasingly ... Rich countries found to use six times more resources, generate 10 times the climate impact: Report The extraction of the Earth's natural resources tripled in the past five decades, related to the massive build-up of infrastructure in many parts of the world and the high levels of material consumption, especially in upper-middle ... Breaking an electrolyte's charge neutrality Plant vascular circulation, ion channels, our own lymphatic network, and many energy harvesting systems rely on the transport of dissolved salt solutions through tortuous conduits. These solutions, or electrolytes, maintain ... Novel material degrades a widely used antibiotic that contaminates water Levofloxacin is a widely used antibiotic prescribed to treat pneumonia, bacterial rhinosinusitis, bacterial prostatitis, pyelonephritis, urinary tract infections, skin disorders, and skin structure infections, among other ... Metal-based electrocatalysts for ammonia electro-oxidation reaction to nitrate/nitrite: Past, present and future Recently, a research team led by Prof. Ji Liang from Tianjin University, China, systematically introduced the research progress on the preparation of nitrate/nitrite by ammonia electro-oxidation reaction and proposed different ... Enhancing statistical reliability of weather forecasts with machine learning A global team of researchers has made strides in refining weather forecasting methods, with a specific focus on addressing the persistent issue of "quantile crossing." This phenomenon disrupts the order of predicted values ... Scientists sort out uncertainties in sea level projections As global temperatures continue to rise, coastal communities are confronted with the pressing challenge of surging sea levels. The urgency to provide decision-makers with reliable forecasts of future sea levels becomes increasingly ... Supporting disease-challenged broiler chickens through nutrition When broiler chickens are busy fighting the parasitic infection coccidiosis, they can't absorb nutrients efficiently or put energy toward growth. With consumer sentiment pitted against antimicrobials and other drugs, producers ... Scientists reveal role of neighboring adsorbates and quantum tunneling in surface diffusion of hydrogen atoms A research group led by Prof. Yang Yong from the Hefei Institutes of Physical Science of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has revealed the role of neighboring adsorbate and quantum tunneling in the diffusion of hydrogen on ... New study addresses how lunar missions will kick up moondust Before the end of this decade, NASA plans to return astronauts to the moon for the first time since the Apollo Era. But this time, through the Artemis Program, it won't be a "footprints and flags" affair. Peat records help reveal regional pattern of Holocene temperature change in arid Central Asia A research team led by Pro. Zhou Weijian from the Institute of Earth Environment of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Zhengzhou University and the Xi'an Institute for Innovative Earth Environment Research, has revealed a new ... Research shows government regulation of jobs hinders workers and consumers Audiologists, auctioneers and crane operators have one thing in common: they can't legally do their jobs without licenses that create professional obstacles and hike prices, according to the West Virginia University Knee ... Researchers develop electron beam accelerator to sterilize medical equipment During the manufacturing process, many medical devices or equipment for use on humans must be sterilized according to recognized standards. This includes gowns, surgical drapes, syringes and implantable medical devices. In ... Nearly half of Britons say women's equality has gone far enough Nearly one in two Britons (47%) say that when it comes to giving women equal rights with men, things have gone far enough in Great Britain—compared to 38% who said the same last year. And for the first time in this data ... Load more Medical Xpress Medical research advances and health news Tech Xplore The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances Science X The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web Newsletters Subscribe Science X Daily and the Weekly Email Newsletter are free features that allow you to receive your favorite sci-tech news updates in your email inbox Follow us Top Home Search Mobile version Help FAQ About Contact Science X Account Premium Account Archive News wire Android app iOS app RSS feeds Push notification © Phys.org 2003 - 2024 powered by Science X Network Privacy policy Terms of use E-mail newsletter Subscribe Follow us