The Fletcher School: A Graduate School of International Affairs | The Fletcher School Skip to main content Skip to search The Fletcher School Apply Now Give Open search Close search See Fletcher: Faculty Publications NEW Students & Alumni News Events Open menu Close menu About About Leadership History Faculty Research Hear from Monica Toft, Academic Dean Learn how Monica Toft, Academic Dean, is shaping the study of global affairs and diplomacy at Fletcher. Hear from Prof. Toft Academics Academics Fields of Study Find Your Program Master's Programs Ph.D. Programs Executive Education Calendars & Courses Joint & Dual Programs Map Your Future: College Seniors & New Graduates Explore Fletcher academics in action Fletcher Features offers insights, innovation, stories and expertise by scholars. Get global insights Admissions Admissions How to Apply Financing Your Education Visit & Explore Veterans Frequently Asked Questions Contact Admissions Get application tips right from the source Learn tips, tricks, and behind-the-scenes insights on applying to Fletcher from our admissions counselors. Hear from Admissions Research Research Faculty Profiles Research & Publications Research Centers Student Research Research that the world is talking about Stay up to date on the latest research, innovation, and thought leadership from our newsroom. Stay informed Community Community Student Life Student & Alumni Profiles For Alumni Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Meet Fletcherites and their stories Get to know our vibrant community through news stories highlighting faculty, students, and alumni. Meet Fletcherites Careers & Outcomes Careers & Outcomes Employment Statistics Career Resources For Employers Forge your future after Fletcher Watch to see how Fletcher prepares global thinkers for success across industries. See the impact News & Events News & Events Events Calendar Fletcher News Media Inquiries Newsletters and Blogs 90th Anniversary Global insights and expertise, on demand. Need a global affairs expert for a timely and insightful take? Fletcher faculty are available for media inquiries. Get in Touch Apply Now Give Home page Don’t Just Study Global Affairs: Shape Them. Compare Programs Plan Your Visit Executive Education Featured Stories Satoyama and Kakehashi: Bridging Two Worlds Bailey Wang F24 reflects on experience with Kakehashi project Read More Turbulent Freedom: The Competition of Ideas In new book, Professor Michael J. Glennon advocates resisting censorship Read More Building Innovations from Stagnancy Alfredo Ramirez F22 reimagines RFP process with Prosal Read More An Alternative Construct for Solutions Four-Star Admiral Patrick Walsh reflects on Operation Tomodachi, U.S.-Japan relationship, and Fletcher experience Read More A Matter of Timing Tamirace Fakhoury uses time to decode the impact of conflict on people’s lives Read More More Fletcher in the News Faculty & Research Fletcher faculty are constantly immersed in meaningful research and lead a wide array of innovative efforts that are making an impact on today's world. Faculty and Research Career Outcomes Our rigorous, yet flexible programs allow you to tailor your graduate education to meet your international interests or career goals. Careers Admissions Ready to go further with Fletcher? Our team is here to assist you through every step of the admissions process. Admissions Featured Academic Programs Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy (MALD) Fletcher's flagship master’s degree in international affairs is highly flexible and can be customized to meet your academic and professional goals. Learn More Master of International Business (MIB) Drawing on the foundations of sustainability the MIB prepares aspiring leaders to address the world's biggest challenges and to make an impact through business innovations. Learn More Global Master of Arts Program (GMAP) Engineered for mid-career professionals who wish to remain in the workforce while earning an elite global affairs degree in just one year. Learn More Resources myFletcher Student Life Alumni Faculty & Staff Tufts International Center Tufts Directory Fletcher Employment Opportunities Programs Find Your Program Master's Programs Ph.D. Programs Executive Education Programs Contact Us The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy Tufts University 160 Packard Ave. Medford, MA 02155 USAMain Phone +1 617-627-3700Fax +1 617-627-3712 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Tufts University Land Acknowledgement Directions twitter facebook instagram youtube linkedin © Tufts University 2024 Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Tufts Mobile