Hampshire College | Hampshire College Skip to main content Alumni Apply Give Request Info Visit Search Search Search Toggle Hampshire College Search Search Search Toggle Menu Close Menu Toggle Alumni Apply Give Request Info Visit The Hampshire Experience Toggle Submenu The Hampshire Experience Toggle Submenu Why Hampshire? Success after Hampshire Hampshire Student Life Transforming Education Sustainable Hampshire Notable Alumni: Changemakers Mission and Vision Visit Us Hampshire at a Glance Admissions Toggle Submenu Admissions Toggle Submenu Create Your Own Education Application Information Visit Hampshire Financial Aid & Tuition Admissions Office For Parents For Counselors Commitment to Diversity Request Information Admitted Students Viewbook Academics Toggle Submenu Academics Toggle Submenu How You Study Our Academic Program Areas of Study Courses & Course Websites Faculty Advising & Academic Resources Library Centers & Programs International Programs The Five College Consortium Student Life Toggle Submenu Student Life Toggle Submenu Room to Grow New Students Student Groups & Activities Dining Services Residence Life & Housing Campus Resources Centers, Services & Offices Health and Wellness Commencement Visit Hampshire Request Info Apply What Were You Made For? Find out at Hampshire College Reimagining Education. Revolutionizing the Future. Since 1970, we've been transforming how college works and defining how progress is made. Known as the original disruptors of higher education, we've scrapped generic models of learning, empowering you to address urgent issues, be unbounded in your studies, and entrepreneurial in your academic journey. What is the Hampshire Experience? Burning Questions. Bold Solutions. Our collaborative approach to learning allows us to urgently tackle our world's most complex challenges. At Hampshire, you're guided by esteemed and expert faculty members as you pursue your individual questions, generate original research, and prepare to make lasting impact. Explore Student and Alum Projects Alum Kamil Peters 06F Celebrates Black Joy Through Sculpture Learn More Global Study Intensives Offer Hampshire Students Immersive Opportunities All Over the World Learn More Rupert Tawiah-Quashie F22 Seeks to Improve Accessibility in Basketball with a Speech–to–Sign Language Algorithm Learn More Hampshire Changemakers Hampshire College prepares you comprehensively for the world. And the world looks to our graduates for leadership in hundreds of fields. Meet a few of our Alums Lupita Nyong'o 03F Oscar-winning actress of 12 Years a Slave, model, and writer Learn More Jon Krakauer 72F Mountaineer and bestselling author of Under the Banner of Heaven Learn More Ian Spalter 94F Tech and design pro, currently head of Instagram Japan Learn More Rhys Ernst 01S Filmmaker and coproducer of Amazon's Golden Globe-winning show Transparent Learn More A Place to be Fully Known Pick veggies in the community garden, explore nature trails through campus, or check out the college farm. You'll find the Hampshire campus is specifically designed for forging friendships and building community. The best way to experience one of the nation's most innovative campuses? Visit for yourself. Visit Us Latest News and Events Browse all News Stories Aaron Lansky 73F, Founder of Yiddish Book Center on Hampshire Campus, Celebrated in “The New York Times” Hampshire alum Lansky, who is credited with rescuing and preserving a threatened language through his lifelong work, will step down as the center's president next year. Learn More Professor and Author Robin Wall Kimmerer Delivers Talk on Environmental Justice The professor of environmental biology and author of the bestseller Braiding Sweetgrass, which was the College’s Common Read for the 2023-24 academic year, spoke to the community about the book’s critical themes as well as what her vision of land justice might look like. Learn More Remembering Founding Science Professor John M. Foster The professor of biology and biochemistry was one of the College’s first faculty members, an avid environmentalist, and a cofounder of the original School of Natural Science. Foster taught at Hampshire from 1969 to 1994, when he retired. He died on January 4. Learn More 7th Hampshire named 7th Most Innovative School among liberal arts colleges U.S. News & World Report 1 of 4 One in four Hampshire alums starts their own business or organization Forbes Magazine #8 Hampshire Ranks #8 Among Best Liberal Arts Colleges in Massachusetts Academic Influence Nondiscrimination Statement Hampshire College does not discriminate in admission, employment, or administration of the rights, privileges, programs, and activities on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, marital status, national origin, mental or physical disability, political belief or affiliation, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression or genetic information, or any other legally protected status under federal, state, or local law. Covid-19 Information We will continue to monitor and respond to the most up-to-date CDC guidance, health data in Hampshire and surrounding counties, as well as any changes in state or local public health regulations, and adjust campus policy accordingly. Hampshire College remains committed to providing a vibrant, fully in-person educational and social experience to our new and returning students. Read more Request Info Apply Give Visit Connect With Us Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Copyright © 2022 Hampshire College Visit Us 893 West Street Amherst, MA 01002 United States 413-549-4600 admissions@hampshire.edu News & Events Faculty & Staff Directory Academic Calendar Alumni Facilities & Conference Spaces Employment Consumer Information Library Offices Privacy Policy