Nuxt 2 - The Intuitive Vue Framework You are browsing Nuxt 2 docs. Go to Nuxt 3 docs, or learn more about Nuxt 2 Long Term Support. Discover Showcases Selection of websites built with Nuxt Case studies How companies use Nuxt Testimonials What they think about us Learn Docs Create fast websites easily Examples Understand everything in Nuxt Tutorials Learn with concrete cases Master courses Learn more with experts Explore Deployments How to Deploy Nuxt Modules Extend the power of Nuxt Themes Get started with themes Video Courses Learn step by step Community Announcements Latest news about Nuxt Teams They are Nuxt Releases All the code we have released Sponsors They trust us Partners EnglishFrançais日本語Português Learn about Nuxt 2 Long Term Support The Intuitive VueFramework Build your Vue 2 application with confidence using Nuxt 2. An open source framework making web development simple and powerful. 40K+ GitHub stars Get started Learn Easy to learn. Easy to master Learn everything you need to know, from beginner to master. From CLI From Scratch Start learning Features Intuitive Developer Experience Nuxt is shipped with plenty of features to boost developer productivity and the end user experience. Zero Configuration Start coding your app right away, Nuxt takes care of the rest. File-system Routing Automatic routing and code-splitting for every page. Rendering Modes Switch between static-site generation or on-demand server rendering. Data Fetching Fetch your content from any source in your Vue components, SSR ready. Strong Conventions Efficient teamwork with a strong directory structure and conventions. SEO Friendly Meta tag management and faster time-to-content for great indexing. Components Auto-import Use your components, Nuxt will import them with smart code-splitting. Modules Ecosystem Extend your app with 160+ Nuxt modules and create your own. Partners Sustainable Development Nuxt development is carried out by passionate developers, but the amount of effort needed to maintain and develop new features is not sustainable without proper financial backing. We are thankful for our sponsors and partners, who help make Nuxt possible. Technology partners Technology partners offer services that empower Nuxt developers, such as CMS, Hosting, Database, and more. Discover our technology partners Agency partners Agency partners are trusted web and consulting agencies that can provide Nuxt development and support for your projects. Find a Nuxt expert Become a partner Learn Follow our Guides From an idea to a masterpiece, guides take you on the path to becoming a Nuxter. Documentation Discover Nuxt concepts and find a complete API reference. Examples Learn by examples produced by the community. Releases Find out what has changed before upgrading. Master Courses Watch a complete series of videos to learn Nuxt with our partner Vue School. Explore Moving forward? So much to Explore Discover powerful modules, integrate with your favorite providers and start quickly with themes. Deployments Extend and automate your workflow by using deployments for your favorite tools. Modules Discover our list of modules to supercharge your Nuxt project. Created by the Nuxt team and community. Themes See how a real world application is built using the Nuxt stack with the themes built by our partners. Community Sharing is Caring Discover articles from the framework team and community about Nuxt. Tips and tricks included! Announcements Nuxt Static Improvements With Nuxt version 2.13, the full-static mode has been introduced. In addition, a new command nuxt export was added to pre-render your pages without triggering a webpack build with the goal to separate the rendering and build process. The only issue was that most Nuxt users weren't able to unleash the full potential of the separation... until now. Get infos Events Building for the Edge with Nuxt 3 (live coding) We'll take a tour of Nuxt 3, creating, building and deploying a real, live-coded app to a serverless environment. We'll talk about how changing requirements in today's serverless world require frameworks to change, and how that makes a difference for UX and performance. Get infos Community Testimonials Learn what the experts love about Nuxt. Nuxt offers a compelling solution and a great ecosystem to help you ship fullstack Vue apps that are performant and SEO friendly. The flexibility to choose between SSR and SSG is icing on the cake. Evan You Creator of Vue.js Nuxt has outstanding developer productivity, experience, and performance right out of the gate!There’s so much attention to detail, ensuring teams have everything at their fingertips to productively build all manners of applications. Sarah Drasner Core Team of Vue.js Nuxt is a fantastic choice for teams building a production-grade product on the web. It aims to bake in performance best-practices while maintaining excellent Vue.js DX. Addy Osmani Chief Engineer of Chrome Nuxt has been an incredible source of innovation and inspiration for developers and framework authors alike. It’s been amazing to see its growth in web projects of all sizes on the web. Guillermo Rauch Founder of Vercel Nuxt has a unique approach of combining a great developer experience with reusable, fully integrated features that speed up the development and performance of your next website or application. Dominik Angerer Founder of Storyblok Nuxt is our primary choice for offering a seamless website development experience to our users. Its simplicity and progressive learning curve makes it our ideal choice for SliceMachine. Sadek Drobi Founder of Prismic Every serious full stack development team needs to stop take a look at Nuxt. Vue's developer productivity combined with Nuxt's server side rendering, is the foundation for instant loading web sites that delight users and improve team velocity. Ajay Kapur Founder of Layer0 Nuxt has an ideal balance of approachability for developers new to JAMstack, and power for experienced teams working on complex applications. The modules and first-class integration with the rest of the Vue ecosystem makes for a superb DX. Dave Loneragan Co-founder of Swell The moment I used Nuxt for the first time I felt in love with it. Apart from its scalability, performance and developer experience, the team behind of it is also fantastic. Thanks for developing such a great framework and making our lives much easier! Savas Vedova Founder of Stormkit About Contact us Enterprise support NuxtLabs company Open Source Software Partnerships Telemetry Ecosystem Announcements Contribute Chat with us Events Sponsors Teams Tutorials Video courses Resources Design Documentation Examples Deployments Master courses Modules Releases Showcase Themes Newsletter The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox monthly. Subscribe