MoneyControl.me: Personal Finance Guides Home Financial Planning Blog About Your Guides to Personal Finance Learn to control your money. Don't let your money control you. Financial Planning Services Start Here How To Calculate Debt-To-Income Ratio In the UK Effective management of personal finances involves not only budgeting and saving but also understanding and utilizing various financial ratios. One such crucial ratio that provides valuable insights into an individual's financial health is the debt-to-income ratio (DTI). The debt-to-income ratio is a powerful tool that measures the proportion of an individual's monthly debt payments to their monthly income. By calculating it with the... ❯❯❯ Understanding the Types of Bad Credit Loans Introduction Loans for individuals with "bad credit" may have unfavourable terms, such as high charges and interest rates. Before borrowing money, ensure that you thoroughly look at your loan agreements and options, which may include cash advances, car loans, friends lending money, and personal loans. If you are looking for loans online for bad credit, you must first learn about the types of loans you can get on a bad credit score.... ❯❯❯ What Events Can a Financial Planner Help With And Prepare You For? From job changes to unexpected retirements or new life and death in a family, many unpredictable events happen over the average lifespan that may seem daunting to broach in theory. Still, they can be prepared in terms of financial means. Preparing your finances in anticipation of various life events can be accomplished with the assistance of a financial planner, where valuable guidance can be procured and utilized during a number of... ❯❯❯ How to Make Your Money Work for You When Moving Whether you are planning on moving to a different city or country, there are several things you should consider before you commit to a move. One of those things is how to make your money work for you. Have Insurance cover When you are thinking about moving interstate or locally, it is sometimes confusing towards what insurance cover your interstate removalists can provide you with. It is also the very reason why many choose to forgo... ❯❯❯ How Blockchain Is Helping The Digitization Of Trade Under Covid A blockchain is a shared distributed database or ledger between computer network nodes, which serves as an electronic database for storing data in digital form. The most common use of blockchain technology is for maintaining a safe, decentralised record of transactions in bitcoin and other cryptocurrency systems. In blockchain, data is organised differently than how data is usually stored. Each chain in a ‘blockchain’ is made up of... ❯❯❯ Maximizing Savings: How to Use a VPN for Online Shopping Shopping online has become increasingly popular, but it's important to find ways to save money while doing so. One effective way to save money is by using a VPN, or virtual private network. By choosing one of the best VPNs for China, as suggested by VPN recommendations (or 好用的VPN推荐, in Chinese), internet users can unblock those websites in China... ❯❯❯ Recent Articles How To Calculate Debt-To-Income Ratio In the UK Understanding the Types of Bad Credit Loans What Events Can a Financial Planner Help With And Prepare You For? How to Make Your Money Work for You When Moving How Blockchain Is Helping The Digitization Of Trade Under Covid Stages in Life Where Financial Planners Can Help First Home Owners Grant Maximizing Savings: How to Use a VPN for Online Shopping Do I Lose My Assets With a Consumer Proposal? How Does A Consumer Proposal Affect My Credit? 5 Ways to Prepare for an Economic Meltdown Luxury Travel in China Why Every Little Bit of Savings Matters What to Do When Your Credit Card Gets Stolen Several Ways to Reduce Spending And Control Your Personal Finance Why Budgeting is Important How to Be Frugal Without Ruining Your Lifestyle How To Get Started On Budgeting Interested in Guest Posting? You can submit articles and write for us. View All Posts | RSS Feed Home | Financial Planning Services | Blog | Write for Us | Resources | About © Copyright by MoneyControl.me. All rights reserved.