Pepperl+Fuchs North America - Industrial Sensors and Intrinsic Safety Equipment Begins with ... Contains ... Serviceline Industrial Sensors Phone: 330-486-0001 Fax: 330-405-4710 Ask an Expert Serviceline Explosion Protection Phone: 330-486-0002 Fax: 330-963-5827 Ask an Expert Products Industrial Sensors Proximity Sensors Photoelectric Sensors Industrial Vision Ultrasonic Sensors Radar Sensors Rotary Encoders Positioning Systems Inclination and Acceleration Sensors Vibration Monitoring Industrial Communication Identification Systems Displays and Signal Processing Connectivity Accessories Software Explosion Protection Intrinsic Safety Barriers Signal Conditioners FieldConnex Ethernet-APL and Fieldbus Infrastructure Remote I/O Systems HART Interface Solutions Surge Protection WirelessHART Adapter Intrinsically Safe Mobile Devices HMI Systems Electrical Explosion Protection Equipment Purge+Pressurization Systems Power Supplies Level Measurement Software Quick and Easy Use our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application. Product Selector Get prepared for the challenges of Industry 4.0—with smart solutions from Pepperl+Fuchs. Get prepared for the challenges of Industry 4.0—with smart solutions from Pepperl+Fuchs. Markets Industrial Sensors Applications Machine + Plant Engineering Automotive Industry Mobile Equipment Renewable Energy Material Handling Print + Paper Industry Packaging Industry Electronics Industry Process Equipment Entrance Automation Explosion Protection Applications Offshore+Marine Oil+Gas Chemical Industry Pharmaceutics Power Industries Water+Waste Water Services+Support Customer Service Download Literature US Distribution Center The Pepperl+Fuchs Online Portal Create Your NetPartner Login Return Authorization Request Cybersecurity Information and Reporting Engineering Data Training+Seminars in the USA Cross Reference RequestDownload Technical DocumentsView All Subsidiaries+Distributors Customized Solutions Industrial Sensors Ask an Expert Structure of a Pepperl+Fuchs Type Code Press ReleasesTechnologiesCustomer Feedback Explosion Protection Hazardous Area Training Programs Ask an Expert System Integrators Project Management Control System Solutions Service Level Agreements for ecom instruments Release Notes for Pepperl+Fuchs Thin Client Software Press ReleasesTechnologiesCustomer Feedback Contact Us Careers —The Pepperl+Fuchs Magazine About Us What's New? Blog NetPartner Login Country Select How It All Started—from a Family Business to a Global Player Fifty years ago Pepperl+Fuchs founded its first overseas subsidiary in Oldham, Great Britain. This expansion proved to be the starting point for the company's successful international growth. Being close to its customers has always been a priority for Pepperl+Fuchs … more Defying Elements. The industrial radar sensors with CAN interface allow interference-free distance and velocity measurement—even in rain, fog, wind, or dust … more Trusted Protection Customized for Your Solutions. As an expert in purge and pressurization systems, Pepperl+Fuchs offers complete solutions worldwide—from design to final certification ... more Into the Future with Hydrogen—Electrifying and Sustainable Sensor technology makes a decisive contribution to the generation of renewable energies, the safe transport, and storage of green hydrogen. Find out which innovative technologies and components for explosion protection are ready for the hydrogen industry … more Shaping the Future. The world’s first switch that brings Ethernet into the field of process plants. Discover the Ethernet-APL Rail Field Switch—the latest FieldConnex® innovation … more Industrial Sensors As a pioneer and innovator in the field of industrial sensors, we seamlessly integrate into your factory automation applications. Explosion Protection The explosion protection of your plant is our expertise—with reliable solutions and technologies for process automation. Quick and Easy Use our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application. Product Selector I want to Download a datasheet Download a manual Download an approval or certificate Cross reference a product Subscribe to e-newsletters Check order status Directly to Where to Buy Our Products Download Technical Documents Individual Device Information Service Level Agreements for ecom instruments Software Global Subsidiaries+Distributors Visit the Mobile Exhibit Pepperl+Fuchs Inc.1600 Enterprise ParkwayTwinsburg, OH 44087United States of America sales@us.pepperl-fuchs.com +1 330 425-3555 HomeIndustrial SensorsExplosion ProtectionProductsMarkets+ApplicationsContact Us About UsCareersWhat's New? Amplify Select Country Sitemap Legal NoticeDisclaimer Privacy Policy © 2024 All Rights Reserved. Pepperl+Fuchs does not sell personal data. Pepperl+Fuchs is a leading developer and manufacturer of electronic sensors and components for the global automation market. Continuous innovation, enduring quality, and steady growth have been the foundation of our success for more than 70 years. Pepperl+Fuchs employs 6,300 people worldwide and has manufacturing facilities in Germany, USA, Singapore, Hungary, Indonesia and Vietnam, most of them ISO 9001 certified. Pepperl+Fuchs does not sell personal data.