Subscribe to The Hustle Daily Newsletter - The Hustle Skip to content High Contrast Join Free Menu Search... News News Catch up on the latest news and original reporting produced by The Hustle team. News Briefs Bite-size stories from our daily newsletter Hustle Originals Original reporting from our Sunday newsletter Videos Videos Browse our collection of educational shows and videos on YouTube. The Hustle Our unrivaled storytelling, in video format. Subscribe for little revelations across business and tech My First Million When it comes to brainstorming business ideas, Sam and Shaan are legends of the game Marketing Against the Grain Watch two cerebral CMOs tackle strategy, tactics, and trends HubSpot Everything you need to know about building your business on HubSpot HubSpot Marketing Learn marketing strategies and skills straight from the HubSpot experts See all video content Podcasts Podcasts HubSpot Podcast Network is the destination for business professionals who seek the best education on how to grow a business. The Hustle Daily Show A daily dose of irreverent, offbeat, and informative takes on business and tech news My First Million Each week, hosts Sam Parr and Shaan Puri explore new business ideas based on trends and opportunities in the market Goal Digger Redefining what success means and how you can find more joy, ease, and peace in the pursuit of your goals Another Bite Each week, Another Bite breaks down the latest and greatest pitches from Shark Tank Business Made Simple Build your business for far and fast success Marketing Against the Grain HubSpot CMO Kipp Bodnar and Zapier CMO Kieran Flanagan share what's happening now in marketing and what's ahead Online Marketing Made Easy Online Marketing Made Easy The Product Boss The Product Boss Nudge Nudge Side Hustle Pro Side Hustle Pro Outbound Squad Outbound Squad See all podcast content HubSpot Products The HubSpot CRM Platform All of HubSpot's marketing, sales CRM, customer service, CMS, and operations software on one platform. See pricing Free HubSpot CRM Overview of all products Marketing Hub Marketing automation software. Free and premium plans Sales Hub Sales CRM software. Free and premium plans Service Hub Customer service software. Free and premium plans CMS Hub Content management software. Free and premium plans Operations Hub Operations software. Free and premium plans Commerce Hub B2B commerce software. Free and premium plans About HubSpot Contact Us Customer Support Start free or get a demo Contact Sales About HubSpot Contact Us Customer Support Join Free High Contrast The Hustle Loading Oh no! We couldn't find anything like that.Try another search, and we'll give it our best shot. Load More Results Get Smarter on Business and Tech The con man who sold the Eiffel Tower — twice Victor Lustig scaled up until he reached the height of his “profession,” selling a historic monument... Katherine Laidlaw Updated 3/1/24 Top Stories Gen Z called, and it wants its landline back Sara Friedman Updated 2/23/24 Corporate alimony payments can get awfully steep Ben Berkley Updated 2/26/24 Is your next coworking space the backseat of a self-driving car? Sara Friedman Updated 2/26/24 BFFs are becoming homeowners together Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 2/29/24 Thanks, AI, for making ‘immersive’ cash grabs even worse Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 3/1/24 Why you almost never see a clock at the mall Retailers, casinos, and grocery stores use a trick called temporal distortion to make you forget abo... Mark Dent Updated 2/23/24 The surreal life of a professional bridesmaid For the last decade, Jen Glantz has worked as a bridesmaid for hire. Her life is a romantic comedy w... Katherine Laidlaw Updated 2/11/24 Powder and profits: the economics of ski resorts The snow business is anything but chill, with record prices, record skiers, and record revenues. Mark Dent Updated 1/20/24 The curious case of the disappearing Hydrox cookies Oreo, the Hydrox knockoff, has been accused of burying its competitor by scoring sweetheart deals wi... Mark Dent Updated 1/8/24 Hustle News See more See more Why, though? Nokia’s ‘taco phone’ N-Gage was a cell phone ahead of its time in some ways, and an absolute disaster in so, so... Juliet Bennett Rylah 3/5/24 The 8am meeting: Perfect time or corporate crime? Is an 8am meeting ever OK? Sara Friedman 3/5/24 One of India’s most epic parties went down over the weekend India’s party of the year — or decade. Sara Friedman 3/4/24 Digits: Good hygiene, epic baby pics, so many Big Macs, and more The world record for Big Macs consumed in a lifetime, a sinister scam, and more wild numbr... Juliet Bennett Rylah 3/4/24 People beating the ever-living hell out of other people remains a great business The first full quarter from WWE and UFC’s new corporate parent was a knockout. Ben Berkley 3/4/24 Tail-wagging trends: what’s next for the pet food industry Consumers around the world are spending big on their pets, with notable trends emerging. Sara Friedman 3/1/24 See more See more Hustle Originals See more See more The con man who sold the Eiffel Tower — twice Victor Lustig scaled up until he reached the height of his “profession,” selling a histori... Katherine Laidlaw 3/1/24 Why you almost never see a clock at the mall Retailers, casinos, and grocery stores use a trick called temporal distortion to make you ... Mark Dent 2/23/24 The surreal life of a professional bridesmaid For the last decade, Jen Glantz has worked as a bridesmaid for hire. Her life is a romanti... Katherine Laidlaw 2/11/24 Why the Super Bowl halftime show is the most important commercial on TV On a night when one minute of airtime costs $14m, artists get 12 whole minutes. For free. Mark Dent 2/6/24 The 90-year-old man who built a western wear empire Manuel Cuevas turned bedazzled western wear into American history. He’s still sewing Katherine Laidlaw 2/3/24 Meet the company that sells your lost airplane luggage If you’ve ever permanently lost a checked bag, your stuff probably ended up for sale at a ... Zachary Crockett 1/27/24 See more See more Trending Videos previous next $1 Houses in Italy | What’s the Catch 4 min watch Updated 1/16/24 Meet the Designer Behind the Iconic Nudie Suit | Unknown Empires 10 min watch Updated 1/12/24 How Airlines Really Make Money | Hustlenomics | The Hustle 6 min watch Updated 1/10/24 Why T-Mobile Trademarked This Color | The Hustle 6 min watch Updated 1/8/24 Business How One Professor’s Lecture Launched a Food Movement Kamran Rosen Updated 9/19/20 Elon Musk vs. Delaware Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 2/3/24 Please chill this long weekend, CEOs Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 11/23/23 Need help brushing up on the new dictionary? Ben Berkley Updated 10/10/23 Where business is headed in 2023: Highlights from 3 reports Where business is headed in 2023: Highlights from 3 reports Read More Read More From Our Podcasts previous next The Product Boss What We Can Learn from Starbucks and the Pumpkin Spice Latte 42 min listen Updated 11/1/23 Systems Saved Me Making the Mundane Magnificent: How Reese Witherspoon Reinvented Book Clubs 73 min listen Updated 11/1/23 My First Million My $0 to $1 Million Guide - How I Would Start Over in 2024 37 min listen Updated 11/1/23 Creator Science Jenny Hoyos – How she averages 10 million views per video (YouTube Shorts) 40 min listen Updated 11/1/23 Artificial Intelligence Should we automate the CEO? Zachary Crockett Updated 7/21/23 Great, AI can create realistic fake IDs now Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 2/6/24 Furby or foe? How a ‘90s toy panic relates to today Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 1/25/24 The government vs. AI deepfakes Juliet Bennett Rylah Updated 1/18/24 Follow us on social media BACK Popular Features All Products and Features Free Meeting Scheduler App HubSpot AI Tools Email Tracking Software AI Content Writer AI Website Generator Email Marketing Software Lead Management Software AI Email Writer Free Website Builder Sales Email Templates Free Online Form Builder Free Chatbot Builder Free Live Chat Software Marketing Analytics Free Landing Page Builder Free Web Hosting Free Tools Website Grader Make My Persona Email Signature Generator Brand Kit Generator Blog Ideas Generator Invoice Template Generator Marketing Plan Generator Free Business Templates Guide Creator Software Comparisons Library Template Marketplace Campaign Assistant Company About Us Careers Management Team Board of Directors Investor Relations Blog Contact Us Customers Customer Support Join a Local User Group Partners All Partner Programs Solutions Partner Program App Partner Program HubSpot for Startups Affiliate Program Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium Tiktok Copyright © 2024 HubSpot, Inc. Legal Stuff Privacy Policy Security Website Accessibility