Home page | BMC Public Health Skip to main content Advertisement Search Explore journals Get published About BMC My account Search all BMC articles Search BMC Public Health Home About Articles Submission Guidelines Collections Join the Editorial Board Search Submit manuscript Latest collections open to submissions NEW: Artificial intelligence and public healthGuest Edited by Rebecca Charow and Lena PeterssonNEW: Barriers and facilitators to cancer screening Guest Edited by Ambreen Sayani NEW: Occupational cancerGuest Edited by Renee Carey and Alessandro GodonoGender equality in educationGuest Edited by Salvador Baena-Morales Click here for all journal collections Editors' picks ‘I tried to take my phone off my daughter, and i got hit in the face’: a qualitative study of parents’ challenges with adolescents’ screen use and a toolbox of their tipsWhy more successful? An analysis of participants’ self-monitoring data in an online weight loss interventionAssociation between dietary diversity, sedentary time outside of work and depressive symptoms among knowledge workers: a multi-center cross-sectional study Articles Recent Most accessed Analysis of the association between urinary glyphosate exposure and fatty liver index: a study for US adults Authors: Kexing Han, Long Gao, Honghai Xu, Jiali Li, Lianxiu Han, Jiapei Shen, Weijie Sun and Yufeng Gao Content type: Research 5 March 2024 Associations of geographic-based socioeconomic factors and HPV vaccination among male and female children in five US states Authors: Serena Xiong, Sarah Humble, Alan Barnette, Heather Brandt, Vetta Thompson, Lisa M. Klesges and Michelle I. Silver Content type: Research 5 March 2024 Population mortality before and during the COVID-19 epidemic in two Sudanese settings: a key informant study Authors: Rahaf AbuKoura, Francesco Checchi, Omama Abdalla, Omnia Ibrahim, Ahmed Tom Hemeadan, Ahmed Ali Ahmed Eldirdiri, Direeg Ismail Mohamed, Aljaile Ahmed, Abd Elhameed Ahmed, Nada Abdelmagid, Pasquale Pepe and Maysoon Dahab Content type: Research 5 March 2024 Efficacy of Core Muscle Exercise Combined with Interferential Therapy in Alleviating Chronic Low Back Pain in High-Performance Fighter Pilots: A Randomized Controlled Trial Authors: Chongwen Zuo, Zhiyang Zheng, Xiaoyan Ma, Fen Wei, Yushui Wang, Yi Yin, Shuai Liu, Xiaosong Cui and Chaoqun Ye Content type: Research 5 March 2024 Prevalence of perceived discrimination, determinants and associations with self-rated general and sexual health, healthcare utilization and self-perceived integration: a cross-sectional survey of migrants in Sweden Authors: Faustine Kyungu Nkulu Kalengayi, Mazen Baroudi and Anna-Karin Hurtig Content type: Research 5 March 2024 Most recent articles RSS View all articles Porn video shows, local brew, and transactional sex: HIV risk among youth in Kisumu, Kenya Authors: Carolyne Njue, Helene ACM Voeten and Pieter Remes Content type: Research article 8 August 2011 Local government responses for COVID-19 management in the Philippines Authors: Dylan Antonio S. Talabis, Ariel L. Babierra, Christian Alvin H. Buhat, Destiny S. Lutero, Kemuel M. Quindala III and Jomar F. Rabajante Content type: Research 21 September 2021 School grade and sex differences in domain-specific sedentary behaviors among Japanese elementary school children: a cross-sectional study Authors: Kaori Ishii, Ai Shibata, Minoru Adachi, Yoshiyuki Mano and Koichiro Oka Content type: Research article 13 April 2017 Oral and anal sex practices among high school youth in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia Authors: Amsale Cherie and Yemane Berhane Content type: Research article 4 January 2012 Health literacy and public health: A systematic review and integration of definitions and models Authors: Kristine Sørensen, Stephan Van den Broucke, James Fullam, Gerardine Doyle, Jürgen Pelikan, Zofia Slonska and Helmut Brand Content type: Research article 25 January 2012 Most accessed articles RSS View all articles Aims and scope BMC Public Health is an open access, peer-reviewed journal that considers articles on the epidemiology of disease and the understanding of all aspects of public health. The journal has a special focus on the social determinants of health, the environmental, behavioral, and occupational correlates of health and disease, and the impact of health policies, practices and interventions on the community. Editorial Board updates Join the Editorial Board We are recruiting new, international Editorial Board Members. Meet Biplab Kumar Datta Meet our Editorial Board Members working on the Sustainable Development Goals. BMC Public Health supports: The UN Sustainable Development Goals assisting policy-makers, governments and humanitarian organizations in making research-backed decisions to advance the international well-being agenda. Equity in academic publishing for authors based in low- and middle-income countries who might face challenges in publishing their work. Follow us for guidance on submitting your research to us. BMC Public Health blogs Highlights of the BMC Series – December 2023 30 January 2024 Highlights of the BMC Series – November 2023 22 December 2023 APHA 2023: Creating the Healthiest Nation 14 December 2023 Latest Tweets View Twitter timeline Your browser needs to have JavaScript enabled to view this timeline How was your experience today? Rating. A scale of 5 feelings conveyed using images that range from awful to great. The feelings represent how you feel about your experience today. Please select one rating An image of a cartoon face that is very unhappy. The value of this radio input is: Awful An image of a cartoon face with a frown. The value of this radio input is: Bad An image of a cartoon face with a neutral expression. The value of this radio input is: OK An image of a cartoon face with a smile. The value of this radio input is: Good An image of a cartoon face with an open mouth grin. The value of this radio input is: Great Send feedback Thank you for your feedback. Tell us why (opens in a new tab) Advertisement Submit manuscript Important informationEditorial boardFor authorsFor editorial board membersFor reviewers Manuscript editing services Contact Us Annual Journal Metrics 2022 Citation Impact 4.5 - 2-year Impact Factor 4.7 - 5-year Impact Factor 1.661 - SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper) 1.307 - SJR (SCImago Journal Rank)2022 Speed 21 days submission to first editorial decision for all manuscripts (Median) 171 days submission to accept (Median)2022 Usage 23,167,683 downloads 87,423 Altmetric mentions More about our metrics Peer-review Terminology The following summary describes the peer review process for this journal:Identity transparency: Single anonymizedReviewer interacts with: EditorReview information published: Review reports. Reviewer Identities reviewer opt in. Author/reviewer communicationMore information is available here Follow Follow us on Twitter Sign up for article alerts and news from this journal Advertisement BMC Public Health ISSN: 1471-2458 Contact us Submission enquiries: bmcpublichealth@biomedcentral.com General enquiries: ORSupport@springernature.com Read more on our blogs Receive BMC newsletters Manage article alerts Language editing for authors Scientific editing for authors Policies Accessibility Press center Support and Contact Leave feedback Careers Follow BMC BMC Twitter page BMC Facebook page BMC Weibo page By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Your US state privacy rights, Privacy statement and Cookies policy. Your privacy choices/Manage cookies we use in the preference centre. © 2024 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer Nature.