Free Podcast hosting and Monetizing Platform | Podbean Cancel Podcasting Podcast Features Your all-in-one podcasting solution. Livestream High-performing audio live, without limits. Podbean AI AI-Enhanced Audio Quality and Content Generation. Podcast Studio Easy-to-use audio recorder app. Podcast App The best podcast player & podcast app. Monetization Ads Marketplace Join Ads Marketplace to earn moneythrough sponsorship on your podcast. Patron & Paid Content The seamless way for fans to support you directly from your podcast. Apple Podcasts Subscriptions Integration Effortlessly publish and manage exclusive episodes for your Apple Podcasts subscribers directly from Podbean. Effortlessly publish and manage exclusive episodes for your Apple Podcasts subscribers directly from Podbean. PodAds Manage your ads with dynamic ad insertion capability. Advertisers Enterprise Pricing Discover Discover All Arts Business Comedy Education Fiction Government Health & Fitness History Kids & Family Leisure Music News Religion & Spirituality Science Society & Culture Sports Technology True Crime TV & Film Live Log in Sign up free Your Podcast Hosting and Monetizing Platform Podbean is an easy and powerful way to create, promote and monetize your podcast. Everything you need for a successful podcast. Podbean is an easy and powerful way to create, promote and monetize your podcast. Everything you need for a successful podcast. Get Started For Free From podcast newbie to professional podcaster More than 600,000 podcasters trust Podbean podcast hosting for all the services they need to start their podcast and achieve their goals. Create -and publish your own podcast Make compelling podcasts right from your phone with the podcast recording app or capture any moment with professional-quality Podbean live streaming. Publish your audio and video in one ultra-simple, secure platform to grow your audience quickly and easily. Create your podcast Promote -your podcast Expand your audience by boosting awareness on connected social accounts and distribute your podcast to the most popular listening apps like Spotify and Apple Podcasts with just a few clicks. Learn how to promote your podcast Monetize -your podcast Podbean offers a variety of monetization tools, including Ads Marketplace, dynamic ad insertion technology, Apple Podcasts Subscriptions Integration, and patron programs, to maximize your revenue potential. Join Ads Marketplace, create a patron program, and leverage Apple Podcasts Subscriptions for exclusive content. Get rewarded by fans through live shows and unlock multiple streams of income for your podcast. Learn more about monetization Podbean AI Elevate your podcast to new heights with Podbean AI’s cutting-edge features such as Noise Reduction, Intelligent Leveler, Cut Filler Words and Silence, Filtering & AutoEQ, Automated Title and Show Notes, AI Enhanced Transcripts, and Precisely Crafted Chapter Markers. Streamline your post-production tasks, reducing the time and effort required. Learn more about Podbean AI Podcast Hosting with the Best Podcast Websites Every Podbean podcast hosting account comes with a free podcast website. The beautifully designed, mobile responsive templates are built for podcasts. Featuring cutting-edge design and robust features so you can easily customize the perfect website to show off your podcast. Comprehensive Podcast Analytics Podbean provides IAB-certified podcast analytics and intuitive charts to help you grow your podcast. Measure your success, get insights into your audience, and continue improving with industry-leading podcast statistics, included with all Podbean hosting plans. Start your own podcast now Podbean Live Stream Expand your podcast with live audio streaming and engage your audience in new and exciting ways! Take listener calls and get real-time comments. Earn virtual currency from ticket sales and gifts. Learn How to Start a Live Stream Secure, Scalable Podcast Hosting Solution The best podcast hosting solutions for large businesses and organizations with all the features you need to manage your podcast network. Explore Enterprise Podcast Solution Trusted by hundreds of industry leaders worldwide For over 10 years, we’ve been helping podcasters of all genres and sizes 728870+ PODCASTERS 15458667+ EPISODES 13029150181+ DOWNLOADS AS OF TODAY Podbean makes it easy to have a successful podcast. They supply all the tools you need. With their unlimited plan I don't have to worry about the length of my podcast or how frequently I upload. Whenever I make content it goes up right away with no worries of overages. Troy Stegner It's awesome knowing that our show is supported by one of the best in the game when it comes to not only reliability, but affordability as well. We've been able to seamlessly integrate our show through Podbean across all of the major platforms (Apple, Spotify, etc.). Dr. Shane Campbell Podbean has made the process of podcasting simple, efficient, and easy to manage. From uploading my audio files to social sharing, Podbean is intuitive to use. I would certainly recommend it to anyone who is looking to develop their voice and expertise through podcasting. Beverly Beuermann-King Podbean has been a great tool for sharing my knowledge with people outside of my local realm of influence. It's been easy to conduct interviews, share content on various social channels, and connect with customers through the platform. And the interface is easy to use on the back end! Kyle Gillette Using Podbean has been an easy, stress free and enjoyable experience. Podbean does a great job of informing its users of new opportunities and services, such as crowdfunding and advertising. I'm learning as I go which is exciting and fulfilling. I love the conversations I have with my interviewees. Leslie Knight I am very happy having my podcast hosted with Podbean. I get the functionality I want such as uploading, editing and saving before publishing, posting show notes and links, and the reliability of the site. I also appreciate the new level of insights that I get so I can see what's working. Judy Rodman Featured Podcasts If You Give A Dad A Podcast Comedy:Comedy Interviews Two Towns Over True Crime Stuck In My Mind Podcast Education:Self-Improvement A-Game Unfiltered Education:Self-Improvement MF Uncensored Comedy True Crime Investigators UK True Crime Immediately Kinfolk Music:Music Interviews Potencial Americano News:Politics Coach Carvalho Podcast Sports:Basketball Bucky’s Basement Podcast Comedy City Manager Unfiltered Government Insight Story: Tech Trends Unpacked Technology Frequently Asked Questions Starting a Podcast, Podcast Hosting Options and Costs, How to Promote Your Podcast and more How to start a podcast Pick a topic and format for your podcast. Choose your podcast name and create a podcast logo. Record your first podcast episode. You can record right from your phone using the Podbean app or other mobile tools. Publish your podcast episode to your podcast hosting site. Submit your podcast to Apple Podcasts and other directories. Is starting a podcast easy? There are many tools available to make starting a podcast easy. There’s no need to learn complex technology or be a sound engineer. However, starting a podcast (and keeping it going) does take a lot of creative energy and a good bit of hard work. Can I really start a podcast for free? Yes. With Podbean you can start a podcast for free. Podbean offers a free podcast hosting service. You can use Podbean Podcast App to live stream, record and publish a podcast for free. Podbean also provides paid plans which provide advanced features and more storage space. How do I get my podcast on Apple Podcasts? First, publish one podcast episode to your Podbean account and complete your basic account and Apple information for your Podbean feed. Next, submit your feed to Apple Podcasts. Approval may take several days. When you publish new episodes, they will then automatically be found in Apple Podcasts. How do I get my podcast on Spotify? Podbean is a Spotify partner, so you can easily submit your podcast directly to Spotify. Simply go to the “Social Share” section of your Podbean settings and follow the steps to “Connect to Spotify”. What statistics come with Podbean podcast hosting? Podbean provides advanced statistics (and basic stats in free podcast hosting accounts) that show you how your podcast is performing across all platforms. You can view downloads and trends in time periods, by episode, or comparing episodes. You can see where your downloads come from and get other unique insights, such as listener retention and what times/days most people listen. How do I switch to Podbean from another podcast hosting site? Migrating your podcast is easy and free. First, you import your current content using our free importing tool. Then, you redirect your old podcast feed to your new Podbean feed. From there, you can begin using Podbean podcast hosting seamlessly. What are some good methods to promote a podcast? Make sure you’re sharing your podcast on social media. You can auto share new episodes via Podbean. Audiograms can grab more attention on social media. Podcast apps, like Podbean, may offer various promotional opportunities. Another successful method to promote a podcast is by advertising on other podcasts. You can do cross promos, or use the Podbean advertising marketplace to run your ads. How do I monetize my podcast? There are many methods to monetize a podcast. Podbean offers built-in tools including Patron, PodAds and a Podcast Advertising Marketplace. We let you decide what works best for monetizing your podcast. Start a podcast today. It’s FREE. Start For Free No credit card required. Podcast Services Podcast Features Pricing Enterprise Solution Private Podcast The Podcast App Live Stream Audio Recorder Remote Recording Podbean AI Create a Podcast Video Podcast Start Podcasting Start Radio Talk Show Education Podcast Church Podcast Nonprofit Podcast Get Sermons Online Free Audiobooks MONETIZATION & MORE Podcast Advertising Dynamic Ads Insertion Patron Program Apple Podcasts Subscriptions Switch to Podbean Submit Your Podcast Podbean Plugins Developers KNOWLEDGE BASE How to Start a Podcast How to Start a Live Podcast How to Monetize a Podcast How to Promote Your Podcast How to Use Group Recording Support Support Center What’s New Free Webinars Podcast Events Podbean Academy Podcasting Smarter Badges Resources Podbean About Us Podbean Blog Careers Press and Media Green Initiative Affiliate Program Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Consent Preferences Copyright © 2015-2024 Podbean.com