Philanthropy Programs for Underserved Communities - Google.org Skip to content COVID-19 Our work Our approach Opportunities Latest Search Google.org Our mission We bring the best of Google to help solve some of humanity’s biggest challenges — combining funding, innovation, and technical expertise to support underserved communities and provide opportunity for everyone. Using AI to help more college students graduate How DataKind’s work with John Jay College increased senior graduation rates and is now paving the way for 6 more CUNY schools, with support from Google.org. September 20, 2023 Robotics, AI and 300,000 middle schoolers We are giving $10 million in grants to FIRST Robotics and REC Foundation to help 300,000 U.S. middle schoolers participate in robotics programs. September 27, 2023 15 projects using AI to reach the UN’s Global Goals We are funding organizations around the world using AI to accelerate progress toward the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. September 12, 2023 Taking action These challenges will require long-term investments of time and effort. We are committed to being a part of the solution. $40 million and 50,000 pro bono hours committed to racial justice Since 2015, we’ve given $40 million in funding to organizations that use data science and innovative new approaches to advance racial justice. Learn more $100 million and 50,000 pro bono hours committed to COVID-19 We’re supporting effective solutions throughout the course of this pandemic — from immediate relief to long term recovery and future preparedness. Learn more Our approach We connect innovative nonprofits and social enterprises with Google’s resources to accelerate their impact. View our approach Follow us Twitter Opens in new window Youtube Opens in new window Google.org Home COVID-19 Our work Our approach Opportunities Other Google initiatives Google for Nonprofits Google for Education Grow with Google Sustainability Crisis Response Google AI Google News Initiative Privacy Terms Help