POEditor - Localization Platform and Translation Software Features Pricing Integrations Product tour Log in Sign up Log in Sign up अनुवाद प्रबन्धन Çeviri Yönetimi 翻訳管理 The localization management platform that's easy to use Localize software efficiently using a powerful yet friendly localization platform and translation management system. Get Started for Free 200k+ Active Projects 270+ Supported Languages 4000+ Active Clients 450k+ Active Users Trusted by thousands of global brands from every industry At Remato, we adopted POEditor from day one and have no regrets at all. It's a solid translation management platform that's always done what we need. We manage 19 languages, 2000+ unique words, and 40 000+ total strings and we ship new features each month, so managing translation in a cost-effective manner is critical. This is where POEditor helps us. Simon Puskai Co-founder & CPO, Remato Hats off to the product and development team at POEditor, your tool works amazingly well. We are managing the localisation of 11 languages and have tried over 20 localisation providers and your product loading whatever file works the first time and the matching and handling of terms to translations is perfect. Kashif Masud Product Owner, Arctic Shores POEditor is a super-well designed and user-friendly software to manage your localization files. It is a breeze to set up the localization projects and involve the other team members in them. Integration with GitHub is great for importing the base file, and integration with Slack is great for keeping the team in the loop when there are new terms to translate. Jonas Follesø CTO, Blueye Robotics POEditor is a perfect translation tool. It's easy to access and use, both for individuals with no experience and large outsourced companies and a massive upgrade and time saver compared to just using a spreadsheet! All the small features make translation and translation management incredibly easy. Anthony Copus Head of Product, Tenko Games POEditor is very helpful in user stories and offers a lot of flexibility. I use it daily and it helps me give the correct info to our developers and QA team. It also makes it easy to change translations if any changes arise in the UI from the marketing team. We use POEditor for the whole agile team in our company. Anca Petrache Requirements Engineer, 3SS POEditor is elegant and easy to use. We have one product that's active in three countries and before POEditor, we would send PO files via email to each other, without any version history. With POEditor we can easily translate and update strings without the help of our DEV department. Willemijn Dijkhuizen Growth Product Manager, Squla Using POEditor is painless. In the past, PlantNet used a spreadsheet, which was awful to manage. Now it's very easy to work with a ton of contributors and increase the language count as well as the translation quality. Hugo Gresse Mobile Engineer, Pl@ntNet Thought out in every way to make your localization workflow smooth Scroll on to catch a glimpse of the localization tools you’ll be working with Multiple translation options Glossary and Automated QA checks Real-time, online translation editor Tags, comments, screenshots, teams Integrated with Git hosting services Multiple ways to recover strings Slack and Microsoft Teams integrations REST API and Swagger specs Translate strings how you want Multiple translation options Choose between assigning your translators, ordering human translation services or machine translation, and crowdsourcing translations from your community. Get Started for Free Streamline collaborative translation Real-time, online translation editor If collaborative string translation sounds like a mess, relax. The POEditor localization platform notifies translators when they're working on the same language page or translating the same string, and automatically saves their translations. Get Started for Free Manage strings and contributors efficiently Tags, comments, screenshots, teams Group the strings in your translation projects with tags and your contributors with teams. Offer translators information about how a string should be translated adding comments and screenshots. Get Started for Free Avoid redundant translation work Multiple ways to recover strings Recover deleted strings or see previous translation variants using the History module. Take advantage of the cross-project Translation Memory to recover strings or to reuse exactly matching translations. Get Started for Free Automate your workflow and achieve continuous localization POEditor offers localization tools to automate recurring tasks. So sit back and relax and let our localization platform do the heavy lifting for you. Optimize the file management Integrated with code repositories Connect your repos to POEditor to quickly transfer strings between our localization platform and git services like GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab and Azure Repos. Enhance automation using webhooks, callbacks and pull request presets. Live reporting Slack & Teams integration Connect your POEditor account to Slack or Microsoft Teams and stay updated about important events in your localization projects, in real-time. Add your localization team members to dedicated channels, so they can also be in the loop. Maximize automation REST API and Swagger specs Put various processes in your localization workflow on autopilot using the straightforward POEditor API. Use the OpenAPI specification to "translate" our API for your specific needs. Get Started for Free More than 20 supported localization formats Our translation and localization management platform fully supports the most popular localization file formats out there. Let our system parse your files to add only the localizable strings to your projects. .arb .csv .ini .json .json .po .pot .properties .resw .resx .ts .strings .xliff .xlf .xmb .xtb .xlf .xlf .xls .xlsx .xml .yml Start your software localization project now 1000 strings and unlimited projects for FREE (no card required) Get started for free Latest Blog Post Factors that influence localization cost See article Product Features Pricing Integrations For developers For managers Support API Knowledge Base Localization Files How it works Blog FAQ About How to... How to add terms to a localization project How to group strings in a localization project How to use the Automatic Translation How to get human translation services How to translate JSON files See more how to articles ©2012-2024 Code Whale Inc. Contact / Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy ©2012-2024 Code Whale Inc. / Contact Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy