SCNOW | Breaking News | scnow.com | Read Florence, SC and South Carolina, weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 68° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Cartoons Sports High School College Professional Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Comics Games Columns Contests Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Church Directory Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections SCnow Archives Our Properties Hartsville Messenger Star & Enterprise Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Customer Service Manage Florence Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Single Copy Locations Manage Maron/Mullins Subscription Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 68° Clear Live Watch and get live Super Tuesday updates and results from primaries and caucuses around the nation 'Coolest Thing Made in SC': 16 products make the cut Sixteen products advance in the 3rd Annual Manufacturing Madness contest presented by BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina. The winner will earn the title of “Coolest Thing Made in SC.” Game-winning turf: Clemson ag lab preps fields for spring sports It’s spring and sports talk turns to baseball, softball and golf. But before a bat cracks or a club swings, Clemson University Agricultural Service Laboratory staff help prepare the fields and courses for play. Hartsville man sentenced to more than five years in prison William Graham Stokes, 40, of Hartsville, was sentenced to nearly six years in federal prison after pleading guilty to possessing a firearm and ammunition after having previously been convicted of a felony. Talks to include possibility of NIL in SC High School League Discussions at next week's SCAAA Conference will involve possible changes to SCHSL By-Laws' Article III, Section 14 for Amateur Status for NIL rules and repurcussions for breaking them. FDTC-Lander sign transfer partnership for early childhood education FLORENCE, S.C. — Florence-Darlington Technical College and Lander University have formed a partnership to enhance the transfer of students from FDTC to Lander. FDTC hosts Healthcare Showcase for area high schoolers FLORENCE, S.C. — High school students had a traumatic experience, actually several of them, on Friday at Florence-Darlington Technical College. FMU African-American Faculty and Staff Coalition Celebrates 23rd annual gala FLORENCE, S.C. -- Dr. Christopher Barton, associate professor of archaeology at Francis Marion University, received the FMU African-American Faculty and Staff Coalition’s Diversity Award at the organization’s 23rd annual scholarship reception held at the FMU Performing Arts Center Thursday night. Track Laps for Charity postponed until March 30 DARLINGTON, S.C. -- Darlington Raceway has postponed this Saturday’s Track Laps for Charity due to potential inclement weather. The event benefitting Darlington Shares and the Child and Family Resource Foundation has been rescheduled to 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday, March 30. Marlboro County hires football coach, athletic director New coach guided a N.C. team to state final MONDAY'S LOCAL COLLEGES: CC honors FMU's Taylor for 7th time this season Lauryn Taylor Conference Carolinas women's basketball player of week for 7th time this season. St. Anthony's won't give up frying fish for Lent FLORENCE, S.C. — Lent is a time for repentance, reflection, renewal … and fish fries. HIGH SCHOOL ROUNDUP: West Florence Boys Tennis sweep Socsatee Knights dominate the Braves. 2024 Preseason Baseball/Softball Capsules Capsules are based on coaches' submissions. Coaches who have not sent capsules can still send to sports@scnow.com. Wanted: Fescue farmers for climate ag study BLACKVILLE – As U.S. farmers look for ways to improve productivity amid a changing climate, land-grant university researchers are joining forces to help grassland farmers enter the emerging carbon economy while enhancing yields and ecological benefits. Florence Morning News sports team wins 2 APSE national awards The Florence Morning News won two awards in sports journalism's most prestigious contest, conducted by the Associated Press Sports Editors (APSE) for work done in 2023. Former Dillon star, USC player D.J. Park dies at 29 In 2012, Park was a senior on Dillon's first of four consecutive state championship teams. Florence firefighters rescue residents from burning home FLORENCE, S.C. -- Florence firefighters Saturday evening rescued several people from the second floor of their home after the residence caught fire. LOCAL COLLEGE ROUNDUP: Poston tosses 2nd no-hitter as FMU softball sweep Catawba FLORENCE, S.C. – Francis Marion University sophomore left-hander Alyssa Poston tossed her second no-hitter of the season Saturday in an 8-0 win over Catawba College as the Patriots swept the non-conference twinbill. PHOTOS: Taste of Timmonsville TIMMONSVILLE, S.C. -- Timmonsville Saturday celebrated its Second Annual Taste of Timmonsville with an abundance of great food and a year of bragging rights on the line for about t 14 competitive cooks. Darlington boys lose in 3A state final Falcons battled back and forth with Powdersville until very end, losing 53-47. Lake View girls win 1st championship in thrilling finish FLORENCE, S.C. − Lake View girls win 1A state basketball championship in thrilling victory over Denmark-Olar on Saturday at the Florence Center. FRIDAY'S LOCAL COLLEGES: Hartsville's Poston honored by CC for FMU softball Poston pitched Hartsville High to perfect season and state title as a freshman Aiken animal quarantined for EHV-1 Clemson University animal health officials quarantined an Aiken County animal after it tested positive for a neurological disease associated with equine herpesvirus, or EHV-1. Florence's Masterworks honors Kay Floyd FLORENCE, S.C. -- Florence's Masterworks Choir will honor Kay Baker Floyd by celebrating the music of women composers and poets at their March 3 performance at Central United Methodist Church. Delmae students learn to fly drones FLORENCE, S.C. -- Chris Rogers Thursday afternoon taught the basics of drone flying to students in Carson Kleinknect's class at Delmae Elementary. Rogers said elementary students learn the basics of the controls, then in middle school students learn to code a drone to fly a pattern and in hi… Darlington boys confident for state title game Falcons riding wave of momentum after semifinal win in OT. Nucor named 2024 Business of The Year DARLINGTON, S.C. — In accepting the Greater Darlington Chamber of Commerce’s 2024 Business of The Year Award on behalf of Nucor Steel, Caray Bullard said the company has a responsibility to support the community it serves. Lake View girls relish 1st trip to title game FLORENCE, S.C. − Larry Inman admitted he was starting to feel much like the NFL’s Buffalo Bills of the early 1990s must have. Pearl Moore says records are made to be broken as Iowa's Caitlin Clark pursues her overall career scoring mark Iowa's Caitlin Clark could play in as many as 10 more women's college basketball games, provided the Hawkeyes reach conference and NCAA tournament finals. If Clark gets to play 10 games, she would have to score 412 points during that span to surpass Florence, S.C., native Pearl Moore's overa… HIGH SCHOOL ROUNDUP: West Florence baseball defeats St. James West Florence's baseball team defeated St. James on Thursday and other scores from around the area. Recommended For You Former Dillon star, USC player D.J. Park dies at 29 Marlboro County hires football coach, athletic director Hartsville man sentenced to more than five years in prison The Latest Newly listed homes for sale in the Florence area Browse through recently listed homes in the Florence real estate market and find your next home! Florence homes for big families Florence homes with at least five bedrooms. Historical homes you can own in the Florence area Here are some Florence homes with history that you might be able to call your own. Launch to Legacy: SC Commerce campaign backs recruiting industry The South Carolina Department of Commerce has unveiled its new agency brand and tagline, “Launch to Legacy,” to support industry recruitment and retention. Interact With Us Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Latest Video Children in Gaza are dying of malnutrition Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Sports Darlington accepts state runner-up trophy PHOTOS: Darlington boys vs. Powdersville FLORENCE, S.C. -- Action from Saturday's SCHSL Class 3A state final between Darlington and Powdersville at the Florence Center. Darlington boys' coach Bradley Knox PHOTOS: Lake View 1A State Championship Game FLORENCE, S.C. − Lake View earned a thrilling 49-46 victory over Denmark-Olar on Saturday at the Florence Center in the girls basketball 1A state championship game. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Man seeks to commemorate moment Bessie Smith and fans chased off the KKK in North Carolina A North Carolina resident is working to make sure music legend Bessie Smith is forever remembered for a moment of bravery against the KKK that occurred almost 100 years ago. Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Affiliate Contributor The Association of Related Churches (ARC) gives advice for equipping other launchers Contributor Content. The ARC provides various resources, support, and even funding to pastors around the world who want to create a new community that spreads the word of Jesus. Sponsored Common misconceptions about laser hair removal Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. Uncover the facts behind the most common myths regarding laser hair removal. Sponsored Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. These laser hair removal experts share their observations and insights about the benefits of Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing. Contributor Why modern businesses should invest in supply chain optimization software Contributor Content. In today’s global economic environment, modern businesses must be able to meet their clients' needs quickly without losing quality. Local Businesses Willis Chiromed 1501 HERITAGE LANE, FLORENCE, SC 29501 Pee Dee Coalition PO BOX 1351, FLORENCE, SC 29503 Eastern Carolina Community Foundation - Retail 154 W. EVANS STREET, FLORENCE, SC 29501 Extras How much do you know about Mother's Day? Who's your TV mom? QUIZ: How well can you spell? Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! View All Print Ads Other SCA HOUSE ADS Govt Community FLORENCE COUNTY ELEC COMM × Facebook Twitter Sites & Partners Hartsville Messenger The Marion Star & Mullins Enterprise Newsletter Signup Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise Photo Submissions Join our Team Licensing © Copyright 2024 SCNOW , 491 W. Cheves St., Suite B Florence, SC 29501 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe