Homepage | National Air and Space Museum Skip to main content Donate Now One museum, two locations Visit us in Washington, DC and Chantilly, VA to explore hundreds of the world’s most significant objects in aviation and space history. Free timed-entry passes are required for the Museum in DC. Visit National Air and Space Museum in DC Udvar-Hazy Center in VA Plan a field trip Plan a group visit At the museum and online Discover our exhibitions and participate in programs both in person or virtually. What's On Events Exhibitions IMAX and Planetarium Dive deep into air and space Browse our collections, stories, research, and on demand content. Explore Stories Topics Collections On demand For researchers For teachers and parents Bring the Air and Space Museum to your learners, wherever you are. Learn Programs Learning resources Plan a field trip Educator professional development Education monthly theme Be the spark Your support will help fund exhibitions, educational programming, and preservation efforts. Give Become a member Wall of Honor Ways to give Host an Event Take your curiosity to new heights Explore the world’s premier collection of air and space artifacts, stories, and expertise. One museum, two locations Discover the wonder of air and space by exploring our two premier locations, where you can see artifacts that took humans to new heights and truly were out of this world. Get Free Timed-Entry Passes for DC Museum National Air and Space Museum - Free Timed-Entry Passes Required Washington, DC Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center Chantilly, VA Featured Women in Aviation and Space Setting Benchmarks Flying Around the World Explore Explore more Nathan Gordon, the Consolidated PBY Catalina, and a Medal of Honor Flight AirSpace Season 8, Leap Day Bonus: Accounting for the Ish AirSpace Season 8, Episode 11: Liberation through Exploration Featured deep dives Sally Ride Flight Attendants From the collection 1903 Wright Flyer Object Apollo 11 Command Module Columbia Object Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird Object Space Shuttle Discovery Object Amelia Earhart's Lockheed Vega 5B Object Coat, Captain, United Parcel Service (UPS) Object What's On See all events and exhibitions To the Moon and Back Presented Online National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC March 6, 2024 | 8 - 9pm Soar Together at Air and Space Family Day: Firsts in Flight Presented Online Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, VA On Site: March 9, 2024 | 10am - 2pm Virtual: Launches March 8, 2024 Kenneth C. Griffin Exploring the Planets Gallery National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC On View Exhibition The Wright Brothers & The Invention of the Aerial Age National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC On View Exhibition Destination Moon National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC On View Exhibition Museum Transformation Be the Spark A major renovation is underway as we reimagine all 23 galleries and presentation spaces in our iconic National Mall building in Washington, DC. Join us as we inspire a new generation of pioneers and explorers. Learn About Our Transformation About Newsroom Support Get Involved Contact Host an Event Stay up to date on the latest stories and events with our newsletter Thank you. You have successfully signed up for our newsletter. Error message Sorry, there was a problem. Please ensure your details are valid and try again. National Air and Space Museum 6th St. and Independence Ave SW Washington, DC 20560 202-633-2214 Open daily Open daily 10:00 am - 5:30 pm Free Timed-Entry Passes Required Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center 14390 Air and Space Museum Parkway Chantilly, VA 20151 703-572-4118 Open daily 10:00 am - 5:30 pm Privacy Terms of Use