Futures Without Violence Toggle navigation Our Work CHILDREN, YOUTH & TEENS Bridges to Better Promising Futures Strengthen Families, Prevent Violence Susan Schecter Fellowship Teen dating Violence Teen Economic Abuse That’s Not Cool Team: Changing Minds – Winner of Open Minds Initiative! ENGAGING MEN Coaching Boys into Men Engaging Men – National Strategy Center National Institute on Fatherhood & Domestic Violence Programs for Men Who Use Violence Strike Out Violence Day with San Francisco Giants COURAGE MUSEUM GLOBAL VIOLENCE PREVENTION HEALTH National Health Resource Center on Domestic Violence Health Partners on IPV + Exploitation Tools for Advocates Health Cares About Domestic Violence Day (HCADV) Order Materials LEARNING AND LEADERSHIP Institute for Leadership in Education Development Judicial Education Strategies and Training to Advance Greater Elder Safety Supporting Organizational Sustainability – SOS Institute POLICY & ADVOCACY HUMAN TRAFFICKING January is Human Trafficking Awareness Month Building Collaborative Responses to Human Trafficking Promoting Employment Opportunities for Survivors of Trafficking WORKPLACE AND ECONOMIC JUSTICE Teen Economic Abuse promoting employment opportunities for survivors of trafficking WORKPLACES RESPOND TO DOMESTIC AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE About Us 2023 Impact Report Awards & Recognitions Blog board and staff Contact Us Financials Jobs & Internships Our Mission & Values Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Where We Are Resources & Events Health Resource Center Get the Facts Events Strategies and Training to Advance Greater Elder Safety Order Material Public Service Announcements Webinars Podcasts Take Action Donate Join Email List Policy Action Center Statements What Can I Do? Get Help News Donate Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Search × Submit Submit Join Us Stay Informed Thank You! SAFE EXIT Help FUTURES support advocates, survivors and their families in 2024 DONATE TODAY BLOG Why We’re All In For Kids All In For Kids is an innovation incubator that leverages what actually works for kids. Impact Report More Than A Mission, A Movement This is a year when we made real, measurable progress to stop violence before it starts and heal those who have been harmed. TAKE ACTION Many More Women, Survivors Will Be Harmed If SCOTUS Fails to Reverse Lower Court in US v. Rahimi Firearms are the most common weapons used in domestic violence homicides. It’s common sense: domestic abusers should not have guns. Gun violence is now the #1 cause of death for children TEEN DATING February is Teen Dating Violence Awareness Month Teen dating violence can be subtle and happen to anyone. That's why it's important for adults to prevent it, see it and understand it. Courage Museum Coming Soon: An Immersive Learning Experience To End Hate, Discrimination And Violence. The Courage Museum is a world-class immersive learning experience that will challenge individuals to rethink why violence, discrimination and hate happen, how it impacts individuals, families, and communities, and what each of us can do to be part of the solution. BLOG Why We’re All In For Kids All In For Kids is an innovation incubator that leverages what actually works for kids. Impact Report More Than A Mission, A Movement This is a year when we made real, measurable progress to stop violence before it starts and heal those who have been harmed. TAKE ACTION Many More Women, Survivors Will Be Harmed If SCOTUS Fails to Reverse Lower Court in US v. Rahimi Firearms are the most common weapons used in domestic violence homicides. It’s common sense: domestic abusers should not have guns. Gun violence is now the #1 cause of death for children TEEN DATING February is Teen Dating Violence Awareness Month Teen dating violence can be subtle and happen to anyone. That's why it's important for adults to prevent it, see it and understand it. Courage Museum Coming Soon: An Immersive Learning Experience To End Hate, Discrimination And Violence. The Courage Museum is a world-class immersive learning experience that will challenge individuals to rethink why violence, discrimination and hate happen, how it impacts individuals, families, and communities, and what each of us can do to be part of the solution. Futures Without Violence is a health and social justice nonprofit with a simple mission: to heal those among us who are traumatized by violence today – and to create healthy families and communities free of violence tomorrow. From domestic violence and child abuse, to bullying and sexual assault, our groundbreaking programs, policy development, and public action campaigns are designed to prevent and end violence against women and children around the world. Striving to reach new audiences and transform social norms, we train professionals such as doctors, nurses, judges, and athletic coaches on improving responses to violence and abuse. We also work with advocates, policy makers, and others to build sustainable community leadership and educate people everywhere about the importance of respect and healthy relationships. Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin on Pintrest Children, Youth & Teens We believe in starting early, and investing in prevention strategies that promote healthy parent-child relationships, friendships, and dating relationships. LEARN MORE Engaging Men We believe that men have a vital role to play in ending violence against women and girls. LEARN MORE Health FUTURES works across sectors to advance quality health care for patients everywhere. LEARN MORE WORKPLACE SAFETY & EQUITY Workers in low-wage industries are especially vulnerable to sexual assault, domestic violence, stalking and trafficking. LEARN MORE Human Trafficking FUTURES is at the forefront of policy and program initiatives to prevent trafficking and help survivors to heal and thrive. LEARN MORE Policy & Advocacy FUTURES seeks to influence public policy aimed at preventing and one day ending violence against women and children. LEARN MORE College & Universities An estimated one in five women will be the victim of sexual assault during her college years. LEARN MORE Global Violence Prevention We believe that ending violence against women is essential to development, health, and prosperity in nations and communities around the globe. LEARN MORE Leadership and Professional Development Fundamental to amplifying the capacity of individuals and organizations to prevent violence and build stronger communities. LEARN MORE HOW WE DO IT WHO WE ARE Meet our talented staff and board members who help push our mission forward. WHERE WE ARE Discover where we turn ideas into engagement. OUR STRATEGIES Leveraging the power of collective action. Futures Without Violence San Francisco Washington, DC Boston, MA About FUTURES™ Financials Privacy & Terms of Use Site Map Jobs & Internships FAQ Pressroom Contact Us Connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Search our site Go! Copyright © 2024 Futures Without Violence. All rights reserved.Futures Without Violence is a 501(c)(3) organization | EIN/tax ID: 94-3110973 × Close