Hitachi Global Skip to main content Region / Language Global(English) Japan(Japanese) Global Network Contact Information Search Search Hitachi, Ltd. Corporate Information Products & Solutions News Releases Investor Relations Sustainability Careers Infrastructure for life What is “Social Innovation Business” ? “Social Innovation” is Hitachi's owned media where business professionals can find insights for solutions that help solve various social issues. Find Out More Hitachi Highlights See all “Hitachi Highlights” What is Hitachi Social Innovation? To resolve a wide range of social issues through utilizing “IT (Information Technology),” “OT (Operational Technology),” “Products,” and “Lumada” which Hitachi has developed over the years. This is Hitachi’s Social Innovation Business. By positioning “Digital,” “Green,” and “Innovation” as drivers of growth and accelerating our Social Innovation Business, we will focus on fulfilling what people around the world dream about – in other words, realizing “GOOD” things. Learn more Digital Hitachi solves customers’ and society’s challenges with “Lumada” which is Hitachi’s advanced digital solutions, services, and technologies for turning data into insights to drive digital innovation. What is “Lumada”? Sustainability Find out about the Hitachi Group’s sustainability and ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) initiatives, and how Hitachi supports people’s quality of life with data and technology to foster a sustainable society. Hitachi Sustainability Research & Development With a spirit of inquiry and action, Hitachi Global Research will lead co-creation to drive innovation worldwide for a brighter future for society and its people Research & Development Products & Solutions Digital Systems & Services Hitachi promotes digital transformation (DX) of our customers’ business systems and social infrastructure to help realize a sustainable society. Green Energy & Mobility Hitachi supports quality of life for people around the globe by delivering green energy & mobility. Connective Industries Hitachi aims to be a “sustainable value creator” by bringing together its reliable products, connecting them digitally, and offer them as solutions. See all Products & Solutions News Releases See all Important Notices September 15, 2023 A Note of Caution about Fraudulent Job recruitment emails posing as Hitachi September 17, 2020 A Note of Caution about a Fraudulent Job Recruitment Related Information Awards and Other Information Information regarding awards received by the Hitachi Group in various fields and related announcements. Hitachi Review Hitachi Review is a technical journal that reports on Hitachi’s use of innovation to address the challenges facing society. Hitachi Origin Story Since its founding in 1910, Hitachi has supported the development of society and the improvement of people's lives. Click here to view videos and e-books that look back on our corporate mission and history. Hitachi Home Appliances At Hitachi, we provide new value to match a diverse range of lifestyles and support a happy life for each and every customer, through solutions such as home appliances and services. About Hitachi's Social Media Activities Sitemap Contact Information Hitachi Global Website Accessibility Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Hitachi, Ltd. 1994. All rights reserved.