Food Republic | Restaurants, Reviews, Recipes, Cooking Tips × Recipes News Cook Food Drink Restaurants Grocery Exclusives Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved Recipes News Cook Food Drink Restaurants Grocery Exclusives Features Newsletter Tyler Florence's Texture Tip For Perfect Burgers Cook Tyler Florence's Texture Tip For Perfect Burgers Many factors go into making the perfect burger, but chef Tyler Florence believes he's mastered one by focusing on the texture of burgers and the meat blend. By Jennifer Mathews Drink The Reason Moscow Mules Are Served In Copper Mugs By Chris Sands Restaurants How Caffe Lena Became The Oldest Coffee Shop Is The US By L Valeriote Drink When Is Smoking Whiskey Cocktails Worth The Effort? By Louise Rhind-Tutt Cook Skip Preheating For The Best Pound Cake Around By Avery Tomaso More Stories Drink The Reason Moscow Mules Are Served In Copper Mugs Some cocktail aficionados believe that the iconic copper mug accentuates the flavors of the Moscow Mule's ingredients, and enhances their aromas as well. By Chris Sands Restaurants How Caffe Lena Became The Oldest Coffee Shop Is The US When we think coffeehouse, we may automatically think of places like Starbucks, but we should be thinking of Caffe Lena, the oldest coffee house in the USA. By L Valeriote Cook The Oil Mistake Everyone Makes When Cooking Steak Home cooks might be intimidated by cooking steak in super-hot oil, but avoiding this one mistake can make the process less risky and lead to better results. By Louise Rhind-Tutt Food Why We Think Of Apple Pie As American, Even Though It's Not There's nothing quite as American as apple pie, right? Well, maybe not considering apple pie originated in 1300s England. Or does that make it more American? By Jakob Eiseman Food Bannock Bread Is Peak Canadian Cuisine Bannock bread may not be famous outside of Canada, but it has an important and ever-changing role in both the nation's history and its modern cuisine. By Erica Martinez Cook How Long An Open Jar Of Pickles Lasts In The Fridge You might think pickles last forever, even after opening, but you actually need to follow specific timeframes and recognize spoilage to avoid getting sick. By Hannah Beach Cook Carla Hall's Worst Kitchen Nightmare Carla Hall is not only a world-class cook, but she's an accomplished baker to boot. Even so, she's only human, and like us all, has made some mistakes. By Sharon Rose Cook Which Side To Cook Salmon On For The Best Flavor If your salmon filet comes with the skin on, you absolutely must start cooking one side of the fish over the other, or you could wind up with a soggy result. By Caryl Espinoza Jaen Cook How To Clean Every Crevice In Your Knife Block You may think that because you wash your knives, you don't need to wash your knife block. Alas, gunk can build up quickly, so clean it every few weeks. By Sarah Mohamed Cook Expert Tips On How To Make Restaurant-Quality Scrambled Eggs At Home You don't have to splurge on expensive equipment or ingredients to create delicious and fluffy scrambled eggs, but there are a few tips worth following. By James Hastings Cook Why You Should Roll Salmon Steaks Before Grilling Them There are plenty of ways to grill salmon, but if you aren't taking the time to roll it first, you're going to end up with an unevenly cooked fish. By Samantha Jenkins Restaurants Bobby Flay's Favorite Pizza Spots In NYC Bobby Flay grew up surrounded by what is arguably some of the best pizza on the planet, so it's safe to say he knows a good pie when he tastes one. By Erica Martinez Cook Giada De Laurentiis' Bold Secret Ingredient For Bucatini Pasta Giada De Laurentiis, veritable queen of pasta, has done it again with another unexpected but wow-worthy pairing. For extra umami, she mixes in miso to bucatini. By Audrey Enjoli Cook 11 Dishes Ina Garten Improves With A Secret Ingredient Ina Garten has been dishing out food advice to home cooks everywhere for years. Some of her most noteworthy dishes shine thanks to secret ingredients. By Elaine Todd Cook The Most Common Mistake People Make With Eggs Benedict, According To An Expert Eggs Benedict can be a tricky dish to master, from poaching the eggs just right to making the perfect hollandaise sauce. But there's one big mistake to avoid. By Jennifer Waldera Cook The Reason Your Homemade Ice Cream Cones Turned Out Soggy Homemade ice cream cones can turn out soft and soggy all too easily, but minding both the batter and the cooking process can help you make them perfectly crisp. By Hannah Beach Food The 2 Celebrity Chefs Who Constantly Inspire Bobby Flay These two female celebrity chefs have had a huge impact on Bobby Flay, lending inspiration to everything from his newest restaurant to his many TV shows. By Louise Rhind-Tutt Cook What Is Tres Leches Cake And Why Doesn't It Get Soggy? Generally, a tres leches cake boasts a light and airy sponge, which allows the milk to soak into its pockets without overly weighing down the dessert. By Sarah Mohamed Cook Chef Reveals The Canned Foods They Will And Won't Buy Chef Harris Mayer, owner of Creamline, weighs in on the canned food debate. Here's what he likes and what he doesn't. Garbanzo beans get a big thumbs up, fyi! By Beth McMurray Cook Make One Easy Switch To Avoid Burning Fresh Garlic Forever How many times have we thought we had perfected a dish only to burn that delicate yet pungent garlic? Do this one switch, and make that a thing of the past. By Jakob Eiseman Food Potato Candy Puts A Sweet Spin On Leftover Mashed Potatoes It's easy to dismiss potato candy as a strange and gimmicky idea, but this treat is beloved around the world and even has a special place in American history. By Riya Anne Polcastro Food How Long You Have To Eat An Open Container Of Pesto Once your pesto has been opened, you should close its lid tightly, store it in the refrigerator, and plan to finish it quickly: within three days is best. By Arianna Endicott Cook Swap Tortillas With Bao Buns For Next Level Birria Tacos The next time you indulge in Tijuana's special, birria tacos, try switching out the traditional corn tortillas for soft, spongy Chinese bao buns. By Erica Martinez Cook Making Sweetened Condensed Milk At Home Couldn't Be Easier Whether you need some for a baked good or a drink, sweetened condensed milk is a kitchen staple. But if you don't have any on hand, you can make it at home. By Annie Epstein Food Why Cottage Cheese Has That Chunky Texture A unique production process gives cottage cheese a chunky texture that many people love, but if you're not one of them, there are ways to get around it. By Sarah Mohamed Grocery What It Means When You Hear The Bell Chime In A Costco Shopping at Costco is an experienced like no other, often one that is more than it appears. Have you ever heard a chime when shopping? Here's what it means. By Sharon Rose Cook Your Toaster Is The Key To Making Hard Shell Tacos At Home Hard shell tacos can really hit the spot on Taco Tuesday but if you don't have any on hand, don't fret. Your toaster is actually the key to making them. By Sharon Rose Cook The Best Poached Eggs Are Frozen Before They Hit The Water Everyone has their own way to poach eggs, but if you haven't tried freezing them first, you're missing out. It takes the stress out of keeping the egg's shape. By Arianna Endicott Food The Importance Of Suhoor And Iftar During Ramadan, Explained Suhoor and iftar are the two hearty and nutritious meals eaten during the month of Ramadan, each with its important part to play in the fasting holiday. By Caryl Espinoza Jaen Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / FoodRepublic.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.