yakimaherald.com | Yakima, Washington - We Tell Your Stories Skip to main content Facebook Twitter Instagram Log Out Log In Activate Subscribe My Account Site search Search Home About Us Contact Us Help Center Manage Subscription Community Rules Submit a News Tip Our Products Subscriber Exclusives Download iOS app Newsletters Download Android App Podcasts eEdition News Local News Crime & Courts Northwest News Explore Yakima Business Education Government Elections Healthcare Explore Yakima Arts & Entertainment Food & Drink Adventures Home & Garden Local Events Calendar Add an Event to the Calendar Sports Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors Recreation Rewind Topics Valley History Affordable Housing Private landfills Forever Chemicals The Vanished Unleashed Graduations Wildfires Beat the Heat Winter_weather Salas Case Return to Quincy 39 Under 39 Obituaries Death Notices Cards of Thanks Obituaries of note Opinion Columnists Editorial Cartoons Editorials Guest Editorials Letters to the Editor Yakima Magazine Art Community Entertainment Etc Food and drink Home and garden Outdoors Travel Yak Mag eEdition Puzzles Photobooth Photo Collections News Photos Sports Photos Reader photos Latest Videos Shop/Classifieds Homes Jobs Classifieds Legal Notices Place a Classified Ad Readers Choice Readers' Choice Graduation Subscribe Log In Activate Subscribe Account Site search Search News Sports Explore Opinion Obituaries Puzzles Classifieds Jobs Newsletters Help All Sections Local News Business Crime and Courts Education Government Elections News Northwest Nation & World Explore Arts And Entertainment Food And Drink Home And Garden Adventures Topics Affordable Housing Private landfills Forever Chemicals The Vanished Obituaries Sports Pippins Rewind Prep Sports Prep Report CBBN CWAC EWAC SCAC Classifieds Jobs Homes Place an ad College Sports YVC CWU UW WSU Zag Puzzles Crossword Sunday Crossword Sudoku Pro Sports Kraken Mariners Reign Seahawks Sounders Storm Yakima Magazine Yakima Mag eEdition Unleashed Opinion Editorials Guest Editorials Letters To Editor Columnists Cartoons About us Manage Account Community Rules Help Our Products Pickup Locations eEdition Newsletters Subscriber Exclusives iOS App Android App + Today's eEdition Yakima Herald-Republic Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Newsletters 30° Partly Cloudy State Basketball Tournament Central Local Elections Return to Quincy Boarding Schools Prep Sports The Vanished Santa is coming to town! Watch as NORAD tracks Santa live on yakimaherald.com. Apartment fire in Yakima displaces dozens of people Carlos and Diana Gonzales awoke Monday in their apartment at Buckingham Apartments to a fire in the room. Today's eEdition Yakima Herald-Republic Local Unanswered questions and some updates in cases of missing and murdered Indigenous women in Yakima Valley The gathering Friday in Yakima at Wellness House of Yakima raised awareness about the ongoing crisis affecting Indigenous communities and fost… Read moreUnanswered questions and some updates in cases of missing and murdered Indigenous women in Yakima Valley Prep Sports Dekker Van De Graaf's game-winning putback lifts Zillah to sixth state title He scored the final nine points for the Leopards, last of which was a gravity-defying put-back of his own, impossibly long three-point shot to… Read moreDekker Van De Graaf's game-winning putback lifts Zillah to sixth state title CWAC Ellensburg's win streak ends in championship loss to Lynden Facing a sizeable fourth-quarter deficit for the first time in three seasons, Ellensburg found the response it needed yet again. Read moreEllensburg's win streak ends in championship loss to Lynden Northwest WA Senate passes three initiatives covering taxes, schools and police chases The three initiatives would bar an income tax, put a "parents' bill of rights" into law and lift some restrictions on when police can chase suspects. Local Snowmobiler killed in avalanche at Darland Mountain Local Yakima Council will look at changes to 5 city committees on Tuesday Local WA state wants school districts to keep better track of truant students Happened It Happened Here: Klondike's richest woman builds a house in Yakima Prep Sports Dekker Van De Graaf's game-winning putback lifts Zillah to sixth state title Updated 15 hrs ago CWAC Ellensburg's win streak ends in championship loss to Lynden Updated 17 hrs ago CWAC Grandview's run halted by Lynden in 2A state championship Updated 17 hrs ago Trending Now Snowmobiler killed in avalanche at Darland Mountain Apartment fire in Yakima displaces dozens of people It Happened Here: Klondike's richest woman builds a house in Yakima 15-year-old girl shot to death Friday night near Yakima park, police say Yakima Council will look at changes to 5 city committees on Tuesday Yakima Herald Newsletters Email Address (Required) First Name Last Name Choose the topics that matter most to you. Morning HeadlinesFind out what’s happening in the Valley today with our morning headlines newsletter. It offers daily snapshots of the top stories that affect our community, previews of our special coverage and more Don't MissDon't let anything slip through the cracks. BreakingBe the first to know about crucial information impacting our community. ExploreNeed to know where to find the best tacos in the Yakima Valley? Where to see up-and-coming artists? What makes the local craft beverage scene so special? Find it in Explore, a weekly Thursday newsletter that spotlights what's happening in the Valley BusinessStay in the know about all things business in the Valley with a weekly update on openings, closures, profiles, photos and more SportsStay in the know about all things sports in the Valley with a weekly update on scores, highlights, profiles, photos and more eEditionThe online eEdition of the newspaper, which looks just like the paper in your hands now, is published every day of the year on our website. Get an alert when yours is ready. Marketing Permissions Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us: Email You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here. Don't Miss Outside the sidelines and beyond the benches at state basketball in Yakima Hockey association attempting to purchase Yakima Ice Rink property Suspect fleeing Yakima police crashes into law office Sports Dekker Van De Graaf's game-winning putback lifts Zillah to sixth state title He scored the final nine points for the Leopards, last of which was a gravity-defying put-back of his own, impossibly long three-point shot to give Zillah a 47-45 lead with just 2 seconds left in the game. Read moreDekker Van De Graaf's game-winning putback lifts Zillah to sixth state title 2A, 1A all-tournament teams: Zillah's Navarre wins 1A tournament MVP Ellensburg's win streak ends in championship loss to Lynden Prosser girls run out of energy, fall to Clarkston to finish fifth Wapato girls battle, finish fifth for third straight state trophy More Sports Explore Yakima Yakima County Master Gardeners: Behold, the bumblebee queen If you see a bumblebee in early spring, it is the queen, and she has a long list of critical tasks to complete. Read moreYakima County Master Gardeners: Behold, the bumblebee queen Granger graffiti artist draws from his heritage to create something new Eating and Dishing: White House Cafe in Yakima is a hidden gem Coffeehouse Poets: 'ASSEMBLING THE UNIVERSE' Classic guitarist to perform at March's Second Sunday Series More Explore Yakima Northwest Washington state lawmakers approve police pursuit and income tax initiatives Three conservative-backed initiatives that would give police greater ability to pursue people in vehicles, declare a series of rights for parents of public-school students and bar an income tax have been approved… Read moreWashington state lawmakers approve police pursuit and income tax initiatives Bill to require Washington courts to try minors based on their age at the time of the crime awaits Inslee's signature WA is home to 10 of the most ethnically diverse cities in the country, new study says Even the wetter forests of WA could see more wildfire, study shows Interstate 82 back open in both directions near Wapato More Northwest Join our team! The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring. See our job listings Photos & Video PHOTOS: Ellensburg falls to Lynden 43-40 in 2A girls state championship game PHOTOS: Zillah defeats Annie Wright 47-45 to win 1A boys state championship PHOTOS: Grandview falls to Lynden 85-54 in 2A boys state championship game PHOTOS: Wapato falls to Lynden Christian 72-64 in 1A girls state third place game Nation & World Taylor Swift steals the show at an Asian summit as Singapore defends exclusive Eras Tour stop Taylor Swift is stealing the show at an Asian summit after Singapore’s leader defended his tiny country’s lucrative concert deal that could cause bad blood with neighboring nations. Singapore is a key member of t… Read moreTaylor Swift steals the show at an Asian summit as Singapore defends exclusive Eras Tour stop China sets an economic growth target of around 5% but acknowledges it will not be easy to achieve Ukraine claims it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones Stock market today: World markets are lower after China unveils 5% economic growth target for 2024 The Latest | UN report finds credible evidence of sexual violence during Oct. 7 Hamas attack Nation & World Opinion Opinion: Yakama leaders lived lives of service Most people would consider the recent passings of three Yakama Nation giants — Ted Strong, Roger Fiander and Virginia Beavert — sad losses for the Valley. And of course, they are. Read moreOpinion: Yakama leaders lived lives of service Letter: Toppenish murals are a treasure worth preserving Letter: Thanks for telling us about a heartwarming film Letter: As a nation, we cannot tolerate evil Letter: Put down the ice cream and fix the border! More Letters Entertainment Lindsay Lohan confirms Freaky Friday 2 is 'in the process' Lindsay Lohan has given a huge update on plans for a 'Freaky Friday' sequel. Read moreLindsay Lohan confirms Freaky Friday 2 is 'in the process' Selena Gomez teases release date for new album Lea Seydoux isn't 'comfortable' with pressures of being a woman in Hollywood Selena Gomez is 'finally' in a 'good place' Ammo supplier says he provided no live rounds in fatal shooting of cinematographer by Alec Baldwin More Entertainment Business New apple processing facility planned in Sunnyside California-based Manzana Products plans to use an abandoned Sunnyside building for a new apple processing facility that will employ 150 people, the company and local officials recently announced. Read moreNew apple processing facility planned in Sunnyside A saturated hop market prompts layoffs at Roy Farms in Moxee Skagit Valley nursery to close, affecting operations in Yakima County and Mount Vernon Business tidbits: Pitch & Pine owner takes coffee on the road; 'Big' pizza news Convention center, sports events among 2023 Yakima Valley tourism highlights More Business Education Toppenish school board fires former superintendent John Cerna The Toppenish school board unanimously voted to discharge former Superintendent John M. Cerna from his contract on Monday night. Read moreToppenish school board fires former superintendent John Cerna Toppenish school board fires former superintendent John Cerna Program helps young adults with disabilities prepare for life after high school in the Yakima Valley Parenting with Tradition courses offer families a chance to listen and learn Parents raise concerns about response to student fight in Sunnyside More Education Yakima Magazine Old, new are compatible in modern home entertainment centers Chaise lounges with overstuffed pillows and fluffy throws, multiple large-screen TVs, Surround Sound, earbuds, board games, seltzers and buttered popcorn. Old and new mesh together perfectly to make up a modern home entertainment area these days. And many of the trends are spilling outdoors … Read moreOld, new are compatible in modern home entertainment centers All I Need Is One Bite: Go ahead, mock me Salt and Stone: Raspberry Streusel Muffins Three spring shows that shouldn't be missed in Yakima Note: Yakima offers a galaxy of entertainment choices More Magazine Facebook Twitter Instagram Sections News Sports Explore Yakima Opinion Photos & Videos Obituaries Weather Services About Us Contact Us Manage Subscription Help Center Community Rules Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Place a Classified Ad Carrier Application Privacy Policy Terms of Use Search × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Yakima Herald-Republic 114 N. 4th Street, Yakima, WA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital. Would you like to receive notifications from this website? Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop. News Alerts Sports Alerts Weather Alerts Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time. No thanks Yes, sign me up Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Sports Alerts Subscribe Weather Alerts Subscribe