The Brothers Brick | World's No. 1 source for LEGO news, reviews, and fan creations. The Brothers Brick World's No. 1 source for LEGO news, reviews, and fan creations. Facebook Twitter Instagram Flickr YouTube Pinterest RSS Menu Skip to content Home About About The Brothers Brick Contributors How to get featured on TBB FAQ Archives 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Categories LEGO Models News Building Techniques People Resources Instructions Reviews LEGO Glossary History of LEGO Additional Resources Contact Us Yo ho ho and a LEGO bottle of rocket fuel Seeking their fortunes across the stars, this renegade band of LEGO rapscallions aren’t just smugglers. They’re full-on space pirates, at least according to builder Librarian-Bot. Inspired by the 1993 set 6268 Renegade Runner, this creation was inspired by the “Space Pirates – Back to the Caribbean Galaxy” competition happening over at Eurobricks. The ship’s sail has been transformed into a large beveled wing, still striped in black and white. A large rocket engine has been added to the schooner’s aft section, and the large cannon mounted below the ship looks devastating! Check out the engines and figs! Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Kyle Keller (TBB Managing Editor) March 5, 2024 LEGO, Models Librarian-Bot, Pirate Ship, Pirates, Space, SpaceshipsNo Comments on Yo ho ho and a LEGO bottle of rocket fuel LEGO Technic 42169 NEOM McLaren Formula E Race Car – A pull-back to hold back on? [Review] We’re finally wrapping up our reviews of the March 1st wave of Technic sets. Next on the list is the 452-piece LEGO Technic 42169 NEOM McLaren Formula E Team race car. Compared to the other sets in the wave, this guy is pretty little! But retailing for US $49.99 | CAN $64.99 | UK £46.99 doesn’t seem like a small price tag. Does the set rise to the price-point? You’ll have to read on to find out! The LEGO Group sent The Brothers Brick a copy of this set for review. Providing TBB with products for review guarantees neither coverage nor positive reviews. Continue reading → Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Bre Burns March 5, 2024 LEGO, News Formula E, McLaren, Pull-back, Review, TechnicNo Comments on LEGO Technic 42169 NEOM McLaren Formula E Race Car – A pull-back to hold back on? [Review] The real treasure is the LEGO we found along the way While I’m used to working with something that has a few more teeth, I always appreciate a great LEGO container. And Larsvader definitely provides with this excellent treasure chest. The black wrought iron hardware is well-made, with 1×1 round tiles dotting the creation all over to replicate the case’s many rivets. And the use of black flame decorations to form the keyhole is a brilliant bit of part usage. It’s almost as impressive as the great mass of LEGO coins that Lars has accumulated to fill up this trunk. It makes quite the treasure for LEGO Pirates fans from the 90’s. Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Kyle Keller (TBB Managing Editor) March 4, 2024 LEGO, Models Larsvader, Pirates, Treasure ChestNo Comments on The real treasure is the LEGO we found along the way Having a ball in LEGO with the fourth phase of matter From his class on LEGO functions each year at BrickCon to his day job educating children on STEM principles by way of the brick, Brandon Jones has a reputation not only for the creations he concocts, but also for the builders he inspires. And I’m certainly inspired by his latest creation, a replica of a plasma ball lamp, complete with moving lines of “electricity” powered via a Mindstorms motor. The central hub spits out bolts of transparent light blue and pink bricks, dancing in a seemingly random manner thanks to the programmed motor hidden in the base. But why talk about it when I can show you the build in action? Make sure to watch until the room’s lights are shut off, showcasing the interior lighting in the globe that illuminates those electric lines of blue and pink. It’s hard to imagine a closer replica made out of LEGO at this scale. Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Kyle Keller (TBB Managing Editor) March 4, 2024 LEGO, Models 1:1 Scale, Brandon Jones, MINDSTORMS, ScienceNo Comments on Having a ball in LEGO with the fourth phase of matter Racing across the gulf between galaxies Iconic racing liveries have more reach than we first thought, it seems. In LEGO Speed Champions 76905 Ford GT Heritage Edition and Bronco R, the former of the two vehicles sports the blue-and-orange colours of Gulf Oil, which have adorned countless other racing cars in this galaxy. In the galaxy far, far away, though, it’s Vertaro who has applied these colours (and that Ford’s windscreen, incidentally) to their own racing speeder. The asymmetric design is very cool, from the offset cockpit to the engine chained to the side. Now that might not seem like the safest way to attach your power plant. But at least if it breaks, there’s an unexpected passenger hanging off the side who can help fix it! Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Theo Spencer March 3, 2024 LEGO, Models Race Car, Speeders, Star Wars, VertaroNo Comments on Racing across the gulf between galaxies Make some space in your day to check out this space-faring demi-God I love Aidan Hayward‘s wild creature builds. This latest one is called Astel Naturalborn of the Void, and it’s… Er… Well, what is it? Other than a badass all-powerful cosmic deity, of course. That much is evident from the rings, stars and gas clouds emanating from its body. But otherwise, it could be part-scorpion, part-dragonfly, part-snake, even part-Medusa. We use the world other-worldly a lot when discussing Aidan’s creations (which we do a lot). But nowhere is that description more apt than here! Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Theo Spencer March 2, 2024 LEGO, Models Aidan Hayward, AjRed17, Creatures, Space1 Comment on Make some space in your day to check out this space-faring demi-God TBB Weekly Brick Report: LEGO news roundup for March 2, 2024 [News] In addition to the amazing LEGO models created by builders all over the world, The Brothers Brick brings you the best LEGO news and reviews. This is our weekly Brick Report for the fourth week of February, 2024. TBB NEWS AND REVIEWS Wow, what a week for reviews… TBB staffers have been busy keeping you up to date on all of the March 1st sets, from Ninjago to Technic (space and Formula 1 racers) to Speed Champions. We also saw the latest exclusive LEGO House set, which is another fantastic trip down memory lane with a tribute to three of the earliest themes, Duplo, System, and Technic. [NEWS] New LEGO sets for March 2024 now available for purchase — Wondering what LEGO sets are finally available? We got you covered. [REVIEW] LEGO Technic 42165 Mercedes-AMG F1 W14 Pull-Back — Bre breaks down the smaller version of the Merceded F1 car. [REVIEW] LEGO House 40505 LEGO Building Systems – A historical triple threat of bricks — Kyle reviewed this microscale tribute to LEGO themes. [REVIEW] LEGO Ninjago 71813 Wolf Mask Shadow Dojo — Daniel went behind the wolf mask to see how the clan trains. [REVIEW] LEGO Technic 42178 Surface Space Loader LT78 — Bre gave us a look at the new smaller rover to join the Space lineup for 2024. [REVIEW] LEGO Technic 42181 VTOL Heavy Cargo Spaceship LT81 — Bre reviews a swooshable spaceship with cool play features. Click through to read more reviews from this last week Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Daniel March 2, 2024 LEGO, News Brick ReportNo Comments on TBB Weekly Brick Report: LEGO news roundup for March 2, 2024 [News] For those who like their dragons breaded and fried I bet if dragons were real someone would figure out how to slather them in Panko breadcrumbs, deep fry, then eat them. Now, thanks to this innovative LEGO creation by Woomy World called the Tempura Dragon we don’t have to imagine too hard what that could look like. Normally reserved for autumn shrubbery, the builder went with generous portions of yellow-orange leaf bricks to replicate the delicious breaded texture of tempura. The “shrimp-like” tail further cements this notion rather brilliantly. I mean, who can resist a plate of tempura shrimp when it comes by on the conveyor belt? An alternate theory is this dragon only looks like Tempura in order to tempt foolish humans into its lair, then it’s scorch-city. There are currently people who climb into bear cages at the zoo in hopes of a great selfie so that notion doesn’t seem too far-fetched. Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Lino March 1, 2024 LEGO, Models Dragons, Food, Woomy WorldNo Comments on For those who like their dragons breaded and fried A Star Wars Fabuland hangar with a special feature for folks dealing with sight loss We seem to love the LEGO theme of Fabuland here at The Brothers Brick. We’re also big fans of Star Wars, in case you haven’t figured that out. So naturally, when Stewart Lamb Cromar posted his new Fabuland Tie Fighter hangar, we were pretty thrilled. The Darth Vader TIE Fighter and the army of Perry Pandas looking very much like stormtroopers are quite charming. What we didn’t expect, however, was to learn that Stewart has been dealing with sight loss. As a result, this hangar, which would have normally taken him a few weeks to construct, took nearly a year factoring in eight eye surgeries and their associated recovery time. For individuals such as himself, Stewart included an extraordinary feature built into the detailing of this hangar. Click to discover what I mean Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Lino March 1, 2024 LEGO, Models Fabuland, Star Wars, Stewart Lamb Cromar3 Comments on A Star Wars Fabuland hangar with a special feature for folks dealing with sight loss New LEGO sets for March 2024 now available for purchase [News] These days, barely a month goes by without new LEGO sets becoming available. Some have more than others, and March is a bumper month for new releases! They cover a wide range of subject matter, age ranges and price points. We’ve picked out some of the most interesting ones, including some we’ve already reviewed. We can’t cover everything, though. Check out our reviews archive for our thoughts on sets that we couldn’t include here. And you can always see every new set over at LEGO.com, too (US | CAN | UK). Continue reading → Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Theo Spencer February 29, 2024 LEGO, News Announcements, Creator 3-in-1, Disney, LEGO Icons, Ninjago, Speed Champions, Star Wars, Technic2 Comments on New LEGO sets for March 2024 now available for purchase [News] LEGO Technic 42165 Mercedes-AMG F1 W14 Pull-Back – A new way to team build [Review] A couple days ago we published our review on the large 1:8 scale LEGO Technic replica of the Mercedes-AMG F1 W14 E Performance racecar. Next up on the docket is the itty-bitty LEGO Technic 42165 Mercedes-AMG F1 W14 Pull-Back. This 240-piece set is being heavily marketed as a companion build for the large version. Is it worth it? Come with us as we build it and make our verdict. The set will be available March 1st and retail for US $26.99 | CAN $34.99 | UK £20.99. The LEGO Group sent The Brothers Brick an early copy of this set for review. Providing TBB with products for review guarantees neither coverage nor positive reviews Continue reading → Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Bre Burns February 29, 2024 LEGO, News Formula-1, Mercedes, Pull-back, Review, TechnicNo Comments on LEGO Technic 42165 Mercedes-AMG F1 W14 Pull-Back – A new way to team build [Review] LEGO House 40505 LEGO Building Systems – A historical triple threat of bricks [Review] Today in Billund, Denmark, the LEGO House has announced the next set in their exclusive limited series, available for purchase only at the LEGO store on-site. LEGO House 40505 LEGO Building Systems is 1,211 pieces celebrating the LEGO system of play with representations of its three pillars: Duplo, System, and Technic. And while we could go on with our usual statistical analysis of the new set, as we have done for past sets in this series, The Brothers Brick was provided a copy of the set for review and an opportunity to talk with one of the set’s designers: LEGO House Master Builder Stuart Harris. So instead, we’ll get to talk more about this set announcement as we build it below. And for those headed to the LEGO House in search of this set, it’ll be available in their exclusive LEGO store only starting March 1st for a price of 699 DKK (around $100 USD | $140 CAD | £80 GBP | €94 EUR) and a limit of 3 per household. Read up on this LEGO House exclusive below! Like this article? Tell all your friends!Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Kyle Keller (TBB Managing Editor) February 29, 2024 LEGO, News DUPLO, LEGO House, Microscale, Review, Technic3 Comments on LEGO House 40505 LEGO Building Systems – A historical triple threat of bricks [Review] Post navigation ← Older posts The Brothers Brick is funded by our readers and the community. Articles may include affiliate links, and when you purchase products from those links, TBB may earn a commission that helps support the site. Premier Sponsors Sponsored Links More Sponsored Links Popular Tags1:1 Scale Animals Anime Announcement Architecture Art Asia Bionicle Brick Report Castle Characters Christmas City Contest Convention Creatures Custom Dioramas Disney Event Friends Harry Potter Holiday Japan Mech Mecha Microscale Military Minifigs Movies Pirates Review Sculptures Space Spaceships Star Wars Steampunk Superheroes Technic Town Train Vehicles Video Video Games Vignettes © Copyright The Brothers Brick, LLC. All Rights Reserved. The Brothers Brick, circle logo, and wordmark are trademarks of The Brothers Brick, LLC. Entries (RSS) Comments (RSS) Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us The Brothers Brick respects your online privacy and security. In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective on May 25, 2018, we are providing greater transparency, and we are enabling new privacy controls so you can choose how The Brothers Brick handles your personal information. Privacy Preferences I Agree Privacy Preference Center Options Consent Management Cookie Settings Required CookiesFunctional CookiesMarketing & Advertising Cookies Privacy Policy Consent Management The Brothers Brick Privacy Policy provides details on the types of personal information (or user data) we collect, how we process and store that data, and how you can request removal of your user data. Privacy Policy Required You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy. Required Cookies Track acceptance of The Brothers Brick's Privacy Policy in accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective on May 25, 2018. Cookies Used Required gdpr[allowed_cookies],gdpr[consent_types],gdprprivacy_bar Functional Cookies Measure website performance and ensure correct website behaviors for visitors, including retention of user settings and preferences. Cookies Used ON OFF wordpress_test_cookie,tk_ai,wp-settings-time,wp-settings,wordpress_logged_in,wordpress_sec,_ga,_gid Marketing & Advertising Cookies The Brothers Brick relies on a variety of online advertising partners and technology platforms to fund operation of the world's most popular LEGO hobbyist website. These cookies enable our advertising partners to display relevant advertising to you. Cookies Used ON OFF ad-id,1P_JAR,NID amazon-adsystem.com Opt Out ad-id, bricklink.com Opt Out BLNEWSESSIONID,_ga,_gid,blckMID,blckSessionStarted,cartBuyerID,ASPSESSIONID doubleclick.net Opt Out IDE ebay.com Opt Out __gads,aam_uuid,cid,csegs,cssg,dp1,ebay,nonsession,npii,s facebook.com Opt Out fr google.com Opt Out 1P_JAR,NID,DV linksynergy.com Opt Out rmuid youtube.com Opt Out VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE,GED_PLAYLIST_ACTIVITY,YSC quantserve.com Opt Out d,mc OK