Home Untappd - Drink Socially - Free iOS and Android App Search Log in Find beers you'll love. Scan to download the app Search Create a Beer Journal Keep track of what you’ve tried and what you thought of it by checking in a beer and rating it. Drink New Beers, Unlock Badges Expand your palate by trying new & different beer styles and unlock achievements along the way. Explore nearby popular bars, breweries, and beers. Not sure where to grab a pint? Untappd shows you what’s on tap at popular bars and venues nearby Follow businesses to get notifications as soon as new beers are available. Want your menu on Untappd? Learn more Explore nearby popular bars, breweries, and beers. Not sure where to grab a pint? Untappd shows you what’s on tap at popular bars and venues nearby Follow businesses to get notifications as soon as new beers are available. Want your menu on Untappd? Learn more More Features Updated Menus Follow Verified Venues to get live tap list updates. Recommendations Discover new beers locally we think you'll like. Local Events Stay up-to-date with venue and brewery event alerts. Start discovering and sharing now. Scan to download the app Are you a business owner? Trusted by nearly 20,000 retailers across 75 countries. Get Started Create Beautiful Menus Our creative templates allow you to craft your perfect menu complete with beer, wine, liquor, food, and more! Learn More Quickly Publish to Millions Build your menu in minutes by leveraging our extensive database and publish to your website, digital signage, and the Untappd app. Start FREE TRIAL Make Data-Driven Decisions Understand what keeps customers coming back! Track what’s popular in your area and stay up-to-date with the latest beer trends. Data & Analytics Engage Your Customers Keep your customers up to date by interacting directly with them in the Untappd app via check-ins, events, social media sharing, and more! QR CODE MENUS Store Breweries Blog Support Careers Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information © Untappd, Inc. 2024