Egyptian Streets //Skip to content Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors News Egypt International Culture & Lifestyle Art & Design Fashion Health & Wellness Life & Society Sustainability Business Companies Economy Entrepreneurship Technology Travel Food Entertainment Events Film & TV Books Music Pop Culture Sport Opinion Subscribe Login Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Subscribe Login Quality Journalism relies on your support Subscribe now and enjoy unlimited access to the stories that matter. login Don’t have an account? Sign up Log In Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Quality Journalism relies on your support. Subscribe now and enjoy unlimited access to the stories that matter. Sign up Already have an account? Login First name Last name E-mail Password News Culture & Lifestyle Business Travel Food Entertainment Opinion News Egypt’s Suez Canal Expansion Plans Continue Amidst Political and Economic Challenges The expansion project of the Suez Canal, which entails building a second channel of waterway is being further studied, Osama Rabie, the President of the Egyptian Suez Canal Authority, stated on 4 March. A second channel of the waterway is… News Egypt’s Suez Canal Expansion Plans Continue Amidst Political and Economic Challenges Egypt Missing Top Half of Ramses II Statue Found By Archaeologists in Egypt Egypt Egypt to Release Goods at Ports in Effort to Stabilize Prices and Alleviate Currency Shortage Pop Culture Samia Gamal’s Legacy Still Inspires Oriental Dancers All Over The World Latest Stories Entertainment Echoes of Brilliance: Egypt’s Legendary Music Composers Who Shaped the Nation’s Melodies Business Tahrir Complex Begins Construction, Transforming into “Cairo House” Hotel Life & Society Egypt’s Social Leaders Programme is Made by Women for Women News Hamas Political Bureau Refutes Claims of Egyptian Company Charging Fees at Rafah Crossing Books REVIEW: Love, Faith, and Shifting Traditions: Omani Women Face a Changing World in “Celestial Bodies” Novel International Mediators Reconvene in Cairo for Gaza Ceasefire Talks The War on Palestine Opinion Europe’s Far Right and the War on Palestine: Shifting Dynamics, Divided Perspectives, and the Quest for Peace Uncategorized United States to Airdrop Aid Over Gaza, Biden Confirms International Egypt Airdrops Aid to Gaza Strip Amid Humanitarian Crisis Editor's Pick Entertainment Al-Rawabi School for Girls Season 2: A Risky Reboot Worth Watching The long-anticipated second season of Netflix's hit Arabic original, Al-Rawabi School for Girls, arrives with a daring twist: an entirely new cast. This bold move comes after a two-year gap… Opinion The Rise and Challenges of Veganism in Cairo: A Limited Culinary Landscape Culture & Lifestyle Infographic Insights: How Israel Targets Palestinian Children Culture & Lifestyle Culture & Lifestyle Local Guide: Home and Furniture Edition Culture & Lifestyle Ask a Local: Best Ramadan Iftar Spots in Cairo Culture & Lifestyle Cairo’s Cafés Bring Card Games to Life Business Business Egypt Inks $40 Billion Deals with Global Investors for Renewable Energy Egypt sealed agreements with seven global developers on 28 February for green hydrogen and renewable energy projects, expected to attract investments totalling USD 40 billion (EGP 1.2 trillion). The inked… Business Talaat Moustafa Group Joins Egypt-UAE Ras El Hikma Mega Project Business OECD Report Highlights Economic Challenges and Reform Opportunities for Egypt Most Read by Subscribers Sport Unveiling Egypt’s Exciting Upcoming Marathons: a Journey of Adventure and Community News Naira Salah’s Death Sparks Outcry for Justice on Social Media Food Explore Egypt’s Culinary Heritage Through ‘Sofret Masr – A Taste of Egypt’ Egypt Public Prosecution Initiates Autopsy on Al-Arish Student’s Body Amidst Controversy Sustainability Turning Air into Water: Egypt and Japan Unite for Sustainable Solutions Business How can Egyptian Financial Institutions Mitigate Fraud Risks? Entertainment Entertainment Why Are People Against Mohamed Henedy Changing His Citizenship? Film & TV Saudi Arabia to Produce 14 Egyptian Films Film & TV 4 Timeless Egyptian Series to Watch Before Ramadan Film & TV British-Egyptian Yasmin Afifi Wins a BAFTA for Her Short Film Film & TV Ramadan TV Shows to Watch Out For Egypt Athletes Farida Osman and Maha Amer Secure Medals for Egypt at World Aquatics Championships Opinion How Media Headlines Reframe Israel’s Responsibility in the War on Gaza Headlines are an integral part of every media story. They essentially act as the narrative's compass, guiding every readers' perception before they even dive into the story's depths. With the ongoing war in Gaza, it's crucial to critically analyze not only the source of information and casualty figures, but also the framing of headlines. Often, these headlines intentionally omit crucial details, shaping the narrative, and potentially influencing our understanding of the situation. Media and… By Mirna Khaled Sayed The Power of Food Reviewers: a Double-Edged Sword in Restaurant Marketing In today's digital age, food reviewers have emerged as influential figures in the culinary world, wielding the power to make… By Belal Nawar Senior Journalist Unveiling the Path: Inspiring Journeys of Egyptian Streets Journalists In the dynamic world of writing and journalism, the path to success is often paved with passion, determination, and a… By Belal Nawar Senior Journalist What this 9-Year Old Palestinian Journalist Teaches Us More than forty years ago, in a poignant written essay in The Nation, James Baldwin, American civil rights activist, wrote:… By Mirna Khaled Sayed Stories from Egyptians Abroad Culture & Lifestyle ‘Grappling with How Egyptian I Am’: Meet the Podcasters Sharing Third Culture Stories Opinion Identity Theft: Why Am I Less of an Egyptian for Living Abroad? Life & Society Mental Health and Living Abroad: A Hopeful Immigration Story Entertainment Feeling the Distance: An Egyptian Student’s Tips for Combating Homesickness Business Between Divorce and Hardship: Stories From Egyptian Men Working in the Gulf Entertainment Egypt’s Identity Lies Beyond History’s Pages Culture & Lifestyle Diasporic Nostalgia for an Egypt Which No Longer Exists Opinion Reclaiming My Identity: Why I Changed My Name Trending Art & Design Dubai’s Alserkal Avenue: a Fusion of Architecture and Culture in a Thriving Art District Egypt Egypt’s Central Bank Already Received a Portion of Funds from Ras El Hekma: Sisi Music A Playlist Curated with Love, for the Month of Love Egypt Egypt Establishes Second Camp for Displaced Palestinians in Gaza’s Khan Yunis Egypt Why Did the Egyptian Mercantile Exchange Halt Trading? Business Egypt Enters Talks with Foreign Firms to Develop Ras El-Hikma About Meet the Team Egyptian Streets is Hiring Get In Touch Submit an Article Privacy Policy Ethics Policy Fact-Checking Policy Corrections Policy © 2023 ES Media FZ LLC. All rights reserved. Subscribe