Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media - See Jane Home About Our Team CorporateSponsors Research Events Membership For Our Members Get Involved Donate Join Us CorporateSponsorship Advocate Spotlight Newsroom/Media Toolkit Sign-up Research Our research examines intersectional onscreen representation of six identities: gender, race, LGBTQIA+, disability, age 50+, and body type. Donate Today Your support of research, education and outreach makes content more gender balanced, diverse, and inclusive. Spotlight The Institute puts a spotlight on content, creators and diversity efforts that are creating a new media landscape. WHAT'S HAPPENING AT THE INSTITUTE February 29, 2024 Ninety-Six Years of Data Reveals Persistence of Women’s Underrepresentation Behind the Scenes New Report Available! We look back at 96 years of Oscars® data to assess the state of women’s representation behind the scenes for best director, best original screenplay, and best adapted screenplay. February 27, 2024 Rewriting Motherhood: How TV Represents Moms and What We Want to See Next Join us on March 20th for this special virtual event, discussing our latest report and exploring the portrayals of mothers in scripted TV. RSVP today! February 20, 2024 Channeling Black Audiences: Nielsen Study Shows Inclusivity Equals Profitability Nielsen's Charlene Polite Corley talks about the new study's findings and how an increasingly diverse Black America wants more nuance in media representation. Learn more... February 09, 2024 Portray Her 2.0: An Analysis of 15 Years of Women in STEM On-Screen, 2007–2022 New Report Available! We partnered with If/Then®, an initiative of Lyda Hill Philanthropies, to produce this report, which refreshes the analysis of STEM characters on-screen by looking at the past five years of TV and film. December 15, 2023 Wit and Wisdom: Improv Propels Empowerment in The Harnisch Foundation’s ‘Funny Girls’ Program Jenny Raymond, Executive Director of the Harnisch Foundation, explains how their "Funny Girls" program teaches confidence and leadership skills. Learn more... December 13, 2023 NBC’s FOUND Live Q&A with Cast and Creators Don't miss this special live Q&A virtual event, discussing how the hit show is bridging the gap and the disparities between people of color or underrepresented groups having the media attention they deserve when they go missing. Watch the replay online! READ MORE INSTITUTE NEWS IF SHE CAN SEE IT, SHE CAN BE IT® © 2024 Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media. If she can see it, she can be it.® • Terms • Privacy Policy • For Our Members Access All rights reserved. • The Geena Davis Institute is a nonprofit organization exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. TAX ID# 86-1943473 Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media, 4712 Admiralty Way #455, Marina del Rey, CA 90292 Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media is not a production company or talent agency.The organization does not solicit or accept autograph requests, manuscripts, project ideas, or other similar materials.If any such information is sent to us, we will return the material unread. Proud member of CalNonprofits.