Nick Finck - User experience + product design coach, advisor, mentor + speaker. Nick Finck About Projects Speaking Mentoring Contact User experience + product design coach, advisor, mentor + speaker. Reach out to Nick 14 Years managing 24 Years of experience 33 Largest org managed 150 Most products supported Nick is a passionate UX advocate with excellent communication skills. He understands research methodologies, design techniques and product strategies equally well. He excels at evaluating and growing talent; inspiring them to do their best work. He is a natural collaborator, eager to work with partners of all disciplines. —Dan Dole UX Manager, Google Nick is as sharp as they come on every level. His UX and design acumen is nothing short of inspiring, & he is one of the most generous human beings I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. If you're looking for someone to take your UX efforts to the next level, look no further. —Joe Natoli Give Good UX About Nick Finck Nick Finck is a design & research leader with over two decades of experience in the industry. He strives to improve people’s lives through crafting well-designed experiences that matter. Nick currently consults & advises businesses on design and research through Craft & Rigor in Seattle. Before this, he was in design & research leadership roles at Amazon Web Services, Facebook, Ubermind, Deloitte Digital, projekt202, and his own agency Blue Flavor. Nick's contributions to the UX community go far and wide. He is an experienced public speaker and has given over 102 talks in 10 countries. He has helped countless industry professionals and career transitioners as a design coach & mentor. Earlier in his career, he was the publisher of Digital Web Magazine, an online magazine for web professionals. Nick regularly posts on Twitter about UX, design, research, leadership, and other industry related topics. Follow Nick on Twitter The user experience doesn’t end at the edges of the screen. Therefore a UX designer’s job shouldn’t be limited to what happens on screen, it should take in the entire context & any touchpoints involved. Companies Nick's worked with Podcast + Videocast interviews Date Podcast Episode Feb. 8 2023 Preely videocast Growing UX Maturity at Scale with Nick Finck Jan. 10 2023 Benefit.Design podcast Episoide 2: Learning from failing, navigating the job market, defining your mantra with Nick Finck Jul. 14 2022 Notably videocast Designing your UX career move with Joe Natoli & Nick Finck Jun. 2 2021 Saving UX podcast Episoide 1: Nick Finck on Growing People, Teams, & More May. 20 2021 Design Career Network videocast Nick Finck on how to build a well-rounded, effective design team Feb. 25 2021 Aurelius podcast Episoide 46: Nick Finck on leadership, career progression, hiring & job hunting in UX Jan. 12 2021 Making UX Work with Joe Natoli podcast Episoide 17: Nick Finck on removing fear, reaching out and remaining hungry Jun. 26 2017 User Defenders podcast Episoide 36: No Designer Left Behind with Nick Finck Hobbies and interests Nick loves a great game of Dungeons & Dragons. Nick takes pizza consumption to a spiritual level. Nick is a true visionary with a great sense of practicality – his experience straddles the worlds of design, technology, and user experience and his presentations offer a wealth of insight with a touch of humor. —Brad Smith President, Hot Pepper Studios Nick is a fantastic mentor, colleague, team builder, manager and a fierce advocate for the design teams he's led. He is steeped in design leadership experience and knows how to build and grow a talented team of design professionals. Nick successfully built & managed a large-scale UX team to support a massive product portfolio. —Mike Watt Staff UX Designer, Google Copyright © Nick Finck. All rights reserved. This site was created by hand using Skeleton. person About work Projects chat_bubble Speaking group Mentoring email Contact