CBS Pittsburgh - Breaking Local News, First Alert Weather & KDKA Investigations Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Pittsburgh Breaking Local News, First Alert Weather & Investigations facebook twitter instagram youtube News All News KDKA Investigations Politics Consumer Business HealthWatch Entertainment Galleries CBS+ KDKA+ Weather Pittsburgh Weather School Closings/Delays Submit Weather Photos Weather Watchers Out For A Walk Forecast Hey Ray Classroom Weather Sports Latest CBS Sports HQ Steelers Penguins Pirates Pitt Riverhounds High Schools Nightly Sports Call Inside The Huddle FAN N'ATION #1 Cochran Sports Showdown Odds Video KDKA Shows Pittsburgh Today Live Talk Pittsburgh Intersections KD Quiz Nightly Sports Call #1 Cochran Sports Showdown Seen on KDKA KD Quiz Intersections KDKA In Your Neighborhood Sunday Spotlight Meet the Team Contact Us Contests & Promotions Advertise Download the App CBS News Live CBS News Pittsburgh: Local News, Weather & More Mar 5, 2020 CBS News Pittsburgh CBS News Live Check Our Listings Free School Assembly KD Quiz Hey Ray! Latest News More 'Burgh Bus' offering $45 shuttle to Pavilion at Star Lake concerts to beat the traffic The Burgh Bus is helping you avoid the headache of parking when you go see your favorite band or artist perform this summer. 1H ago 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' coming to Pavilion at Star Lake this summer The event is described as a live-to-film concert experience. 2H ago Rain chance returns right after sunset While temperatures stay warm today, Pittsburgh won't see any new records being set. 2H ago KDKA Fish Fry Guide 2024 The annual KDKA Fish Fry Guide is back so you can find the catch of the day on Fridays during Lent. Mar 1 KDKA's 2024 Spring High School Musical Guide Each spring, teens across Western Pennsylvania sing and dance their hearts out in their school's musical theater production. Mar 1 Concern rising over colon cancer in young people In concerning numbers, the cases of colorectal cancer are growing among young people, and the cases tend to be more severe. 3H ago Traffic restrictions and truck detours resuming on New Kensington Bridge The project will allow crews to paint, replace the fence, and work on the sidewalk of the structure. 3H ago Hays Bald Eagle Cam Watch the Hays Bald Eagle Cam here. Feb 6 Seen on KDKA: March 4-10 Find links below to more information for stories seen on KDKA-TV News. 19H ago More Latest News First Alert Weather Rain chance returns right after sunset While temperatures stay warm today, Pittsburgh won't see any new records being set. 2H ago KDKA-TV Morning Forecast (3/5) Get the latest weather updates with meteorologist Ron Smiley's forecast! 3H ago 02:39 Meet the KDKA First Alert Weather Team The KDKA First Alert Weather Team brings you the latest forecasts and weather information to keep you and your family safe and informed. May 23, 2022 Be a KDKA Weather Watcher The Weather Watcher Network is a way for you to join the KDKA Weather Team. By sharing your weather observations, photos, and storm reports you will help us monitor weather conditions neighborhood by neighborhood, as it happens. Apr 15, 2022 Current Conditions More Weather KDKA-TV Schedule KDKA Plus TV Schedule Our Newsletter Sports More Austin Eckroat gets his 1st PGA Tour win by prevailing at Cognizant Classic Austin Eckroat waited a long time to become a winner on the PGA Tour. 8H ago Ed Ott, who won a World Series with Pirates, dies at 72 In seven seasons with the Pirates, Ed Ott had 409 hits, 31 home runs and 173 RBIs. 13H ago Russell Wilson to be released by Denver Broncos Quarterback Russell Wilson will be released by Denver Broncos. The team announced the news on X on Monday afternoon. 16H ago South Strabane first responder places in World's Strongest Firefighter Contest A South Strabane firefighter placed fifth in her division in the World's Strongest Firefighter Contest. 15H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 1H ago More Sports News Latest Videos More Latest Videos Something Good: Raising Canes raises money for Paws Across Pittsburgh In today's Something Good, a new restaurant is already giving back. We're talking about Raising Cane's in South Fayette, they recently presented a check to Paws Across Pittsburgh for nearly $800! 13M ago 00:49 Something Good: Raising Canes raises money for Paws Across Pittsburgh Cooking Corner: Corned Beef Tacos In another edition of Cooking Corner with Chef Crystal Baldwin, the prepared foods team leader at Giant Eagle, as the countdown to St. Patrick's Day commences, we made corned beef tacos, but with a twist on the Irish classic! 23M ago 05:10 Neubauer's Flowers and Market House is gearing up for its annual Spring Open House Katie O'Malley was live in Uniontown this morning to get a special preview of Neubauer's Flowers and Market House's annual Spring Open House! 30M ago 03:20 What's It Worth with Dr. Lori: March 5, 2024 Heather and Mikey play another game of What's It Worth with Dr. Lori! 34M ago 05:43 Keep It Reel: Lights! Glamour! Action! Lights! Glamour! Action! The 96th annual Academy Awards are this Sunday and we spoke to the Pittsburgh Film Office to see how they're preparing for its big party! 39M ago 05:04 More in Latest Videos Featured On KDKA-TV Morning News More Rain chance returns right after sunset While temperatures stay warm today, Pittsburgh won't see any new records being set. 2H ago Concern rising over colon cancer in young people In concerning numbers, the cases of colorectal cancer are growing among young people, and the cases tend to be more severe. 3H ago Trio of Thomas Jefferson wrestlers bring home gold from WPIAL championships The school has never had more than one wrestling champion per season prior to this year. 22H ago More On A Positive Note More Innovative program gives employment opportunities to people with intellectual disabilities There are spaces for retail, manufacturing, production, hospitality, food service and inventory management. Feb 15 On A Positive Note: Innovative pre-K program makes a difference For some children, life in a typical classroom can be a challenge. Feb 9 On A Positive Note Do you know someone who is making a positive difference? Jun 28, 2023 More KDKA Investigations More Pennsylvania state senator says cyber charter schools underperform at the cost of the taxpayer At Sto-Rox, the superintendent says she spends $8 million to fund underperforming cyber charter school. 15H ago What are kratom and delta 8, and why are medical professionals sounding the alarm? They call it gas station weed — plant-based supplements or medicines known as kratom and delta 8. 1H ago Pennsylvania's drug repository program is in name only KDKA Investigates learned our state's program is in name only. Feb 26 Honda HR-V owners still waiting for reimbursement process for shattered rear windshields An update on the exploding rear windows in one popular crossover vehicle. Feb 21 Downtown skyscrapers' values cut in half, along with taxes they pay The giant office towers Downtown aren't worth what they once were and that spells trouble for the city. Feb 13 More KDKA Investigations Latest News More Latest News 'Burgh Bus' offering $45 shuttle to Pavilion at Star Lake concerts to beat the traffic The Burgh Bus is helping you avoid the headache of parking when you go see your favorite band or artist perform this summer. 1H ago 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' coming to Pavilion at Star Lake this summer The event is described as a live-to-film concert experience. 2H ago Rain chance returns right after sunset While temperatures stay warm today, Pittsburgh won't see any new records being set. 2H ago KDKA Fish Fry Guide 2024 The annual KDKA Fish Fry Guide is back so you can find the catch of the day on Fridays during Lent. Mar 1 KDKA's 2024 Spring High School Musical Guide Each spring, teens across Western Pennsylvania sing and dance their hearts out in their school's musical theater production. Mar 1 More Latest News Politics More Politics Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 14H ago Go 'Around The Table' with Stacy Smith Stream Around The Table segments here on CBS News Pittsburgh. Feb 21 Nikki Haley wins Washington, D.C., Republican primary Nikki Haley has won the Washington, D.C., Republican primary, earning all 19 available delegates in her first nominating contest win. Mar 3 Super Tuesday's dominance highlights how presidential selection process can exclude many US voters Super Tuesday is almost here, with 16 states holding contests this coming week. Mar 3 Poll: Voters remember Trump's economy as good, boosting Trump to lead over Biden A new CBS News poll finds Trump leads Biden by four points nationally. Mar 3 More Political News Consumer News More Consumer News Shadyside eatery hit with consumer alert over multiple violations A consumer alert was issued for an eatery in Shadyside after an inspection found multiple violations. Mar 1 Latest Product Recall Information Want to check the latest product recalls, click here! May 17, 2023 Price scanning system at New Kensington Giant Eagle fails inspection The Giant Eagle in New Kensington is fixing its price scanning system after it failed inspection. Feb 28 Popular Lawrenceville restaurant ordered to close as plumbers work on sewer line A popular Lawrenceville restaurant was ordered to close after inspectors found sewage in the basement. Feb 21 Deadline day to take advantage of City of Pittsburgh real estate tax discount Taxpayers may take a 2% discount on either the total annual tax due or the first installment of tax due. Feb 20 More Consumer News Pittsburgh Today Live More Pittsburgh Today Live Pittsburgh Today Live Something Good: Raising Canes raises money for Paws Across Pittsburgh In today's Something Good, a new restaurant is already giving back. We're talking about Raising Cane's in South Fayette, they recently presented a check to Paws Across Pittsburgh for nearly $800! 13M ago 00:49 Cooking Corner: Corned Beef Tacos In another edition of Cooking Corner with Chef Crystal Baldwin, the prepared foods team leader at Giant Eagle, as the countdown to St. Patrick's Day commences, we made corned beef tacos, but with a twist on the Irish classic! 23M ago 05:10 Neubauer's Flowers and Market House is gearing up for its annual Spring Open House Katie O'Malley was live in Uniontown this morning to get a special preview of Neubauer's Flowers and Market House's annual Spring Open House! 30M ago 03:20 What's It Worth with Dr. Lori: March 5, 2024 Heather and Mikey play another game of What's It Worth with Dr. Lori! 34M ago 05:43 Keep It Reel: Lights! Glamour! Action! Lights! Glamour! Action! The 96th annual Academy Awards are this Sunday and we spoke to the Pittsburgh Film Office to see how they're preparing for its big party! 39M ago 05:04 More from Pittsburgh Today Live KDKA Investigations More KDKA Investigations Pennsylvania state senator says cyber charter schools underperform at the cost of the taxpayer At Sto-Rox, the superintendent says she spends $8 million to fund underperforming cyber charter school. 15H ago What are kratom and delta 8, and why are medical professionals sounding the alarm? They call it gas station weed — plant-based supplements or medicines known as kratom and delta 8. 1H ago Pennsylvania's drug repository program is in name only KDKA Investigates learned our state's program is in name only. Feb 26 Honda HR-V owners still waiting for reimbursement process for shattered rear windshields An update on the exploding rear windows in one popular crossover vehicle. Feb 21 Downtown skyscrapers' values cut in half, along with taxes they pay The giant office towers Downtown aren't worth what they once were and that spells trouble for the city. Feb 13 More KDKA Investigations Health More Health Concern rising over colon cancer in young people In concerning numbers, the cases of colorectal cancer are growing among young people, and the cases tend to be more severe. 3H ago Jefferson Hills nursing home closes due to staffing shortage By Saturday morning, employees said the windows were boarded up and the patients were gone. 10H ago What are kratom and delta 8, and why are medical professionals sounding the alarm? They call it gas station weed — plant-based supplements or medicines known as kratom and delta 8. 1H ago AI smartphone app developed in Pittsburgh can diagnose ear infections The app developed by researchers at UPMC and the University of Pittsburgh diagnoses ear infections. 11H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 More Health News Sports More Sports Austin Eckroat gets his 1st PGA Tour win by prevailing at Cognizant Classic Austin Eckroat waited a long time to become a winner on the PGA Tour. 8H ago Ed Ott, who won a World Series with Pirates, dies at 72 In seven seasons with the Pirates, Ed Ott had 409 hits, 31 home runs and 173 RBIs. 13H ago Russell Wilson to be released by Denver Broncos Quarterback Russell Wilson will be released by Denver Broncos. The team announced the news on X on Monday afternoon. 16H ago South Strabane first responder places in World's Strongest Firefighter Contest A South Strabane firefighter placed fifth in her division in the World's Strongest Firefighter Contest. 15H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 1H ago More Sports News Business News More Business News Jefferson Hills nursing home closes due to staffing shortage By Saturday morning, employees said the windows were boarded up and the patients were gone. 10H ago Union rejects Kroger contract offer at 38 stores in West Virginia, Ohio and Kentucky Members of the United Food & Commercial Workers Local 400 Union voted against the 3-year contract offer. Mar 1 Shadyside eatery hit with consumer alert over multiple violations A consumer alert was issued for an eatery in Shadyside after an inspection found multiple violations. Mar 1 Novo Asian Food Hall to open in Pittsburgh on Friday The 8,000-square-foot food hall was designed by Pittsburgh architectural firm AE7. Mar 1 Price scanning system at New Kensington Giant Eagle fails inspection The Giant Eagle in New Kensington is fixing its price scanning system after it failed inspection. Feb 28 More Business News Entertainment More Entertainment 'Burgh Bus' offering $45 shuttle to Pavilion at Star Lake concerts to beat the traffic The Burgh Bus is helping you avoid the headache of parking when you go see your favorite band or artist perform this summer. 1H ago 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' coming to Pavilion at Star Lake this summer The event is described as a live-to-film concert experience. 2H ago Pittsburgh's own Ming-Na Wen wins Hollywood Beauty Award Ming-Na Wen, a Mt. Lebanon High School and Carnegie Mellon University graduate, won The Timeless Beauty Award​. 10H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 1H ago High school musical season kicks off in western Pennsylvania The lines are memorized, the dance moves perfected and high school musical season is officially underway. Mar 1 More Entertainment News Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Something Good: Raising Canes raises money for Paws Across Pittsburgh In today's Something Good, a new restaurant is already giving back. We're talking about Raising Cane's in South Fayette, they recently presented a check to Paws Across Pittsburgh for nearly $800! 13M ago 00:49 Cooking Corner: Corned Beef Tacos In another edition of Cooking Corner with Chef Crystal Baldwin, the prepared foods team leader at Giant Eagle, as the countdown to St. Patrick's Day commences, we made corned beef tacos, but with a twist on the Irish classic! 23M ago 05:10 Neubauer's Flowers and Market House is gearing up for its annual Spring Open House Katie O'Malley was live in Uniontown this morning to get a special preview of Neubauer's Flowers and Market House's annual Spring Open House! 30M ago 03:20 What's It Worth with Dr. Lori: March 5, 2024 Heather and Mikey play another game of What's It Worth with Dr. Lori! 34M ago 05:43 Keep It Reel: Lights! Glamour! Action! Lights! Glamour! Action! The 96th annual Academy Awards are this Sunday and we spoke to the Pittsburgh Film Office to see how they're preparing for its big party! 39M ago 05:04 More in Latest Videos Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries Team PTL heads to the 2024 Pittsburgh Auto Show The 2024 Pittsburgh International Auto Show cruised into the David L. Lawrence Convention Center on Feb. 16 for a Presidents Day weekend of fun and automobiles. Feb 16 22 photos PHOTOS: Pittsburgh rivers flood, spilling over their banks The Riverwalk along the North Shore is flooded and the 10th Street Bypass is expected to flood today. Jan 29 10 photos PHOTOS: Steelers' season ends with 31-17 loss to Bills The Steelers' season is done after they lost to the Bills in the Wild Card game. Jan 15 22 photos PHOTOS: Field clear, seats full of snow as fans pack Highmark Stadium for Steelers-Bills game The Steelers took a clear field at Highmark Stadium, but fans had to fight their way through some snow. Jan 15 13 photos PHOTOS: Buffalo area pounded by lake effect snow storm Sunday's Wild Card matchup between the Steelers and Bills was pushed back to Monday. Jan 15 12 photos More in Latest Galleries CBS Pittsburgh Contact Us Stream CBS News Pittsburgh Advertise with KDKA Download Our App! Meet the KDKA Team ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information Contact KDKA News Sports Weather Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KDKA-TV Public File for WPKD-TV / KDKA+ Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On