Operation Smile Skip to main content Content Components for Blocks Node Content Components We are thrilled to announce our partnership with Beast Philanthropy! Watch the Video Logo Donate Monthly One-time Menu Close Manage Your Account Smile Shop Student Programs Medical Volunteers En español facebook twitter youtube instagram medium linkedin Our Care Global Outreach Program Schedule Where We Work The Next Decade Stories You Make Possible Ways to Give Give Monthly Memorial Gifts Planned Giving Gifts-In-Kind Give Stock Donate a Vehicle About Us About Operation Smile and Cleft Conditions Our Vision Leadership Research Accountability Email Search Search Close Search Submit Search Donate Monthly One-time Manage Your Account Smile Shop Student Programs Medical Volunteers En español facebook twitter youtube instagram medium linkedin Intro Appeal Give Twice the New Smiles This month, give new smiles to twice as many children like Brandon. Read about Our Care Double My Impact Image Image Cards Image Leao's Odyssey Leao and his mother, Gabriela, journeyed for days to get to a better life. Image A Stranger's Kindness Ephraim was filling gas tanks at work when the kindness of an unnamed gentleman changed his life. Image Operation Smile's "Whole-Person Approach" The goal of psychosocial care extends far beyond ensuring a child is prepared for surgery. Content Components We are Operation Smile, providing more than 40 years of safe cleft care across the world. Our founders, Dr. Bill and Kathy Magee, continue to lead the organization, transforming lives through free cleft surgeries and comprehensive care. About Us Image Image Donation Form Title Donate today Donation Form Appeal Your kind donation contributes towards life-saving treatment for children across the world. 15 30 50 100 Other Amount Single Donation: Button Label Donate Monthly Donation: Button Label Donate Monthly Image Image Title What is a cleft condition? A cleft condition is a gap in the mouth that didn't close during the early stages of pregnancy, and this happens more often than you may realize. It is estimated that, worldwide, a child is born every three minutes with a cleft condition. Learn More Donate Now Care and Treatment Title Comprehensive care from the start to the end. As well as life-changing cleft surgery, Operation Smile provides comprehensive cleft care including nutrition dentistry, orthodontics, speech therapy, and psychosocial care. Learn More Cards Image Image Header Surgery Timely cleft surgery is essential to a patient's long-term health and well-being. Image Image Header Nutrition A cleft condition can cause malnourishment. Our nutritional support helps patients grow healthy for surgery. Image Image Header Dentistry Dentists provide specialized procedures and create devices that improve patients' surgical results and overall health. Image Image Header Orthodontics Orthodontic care is also crucial to a patient's healthy oral development and personal confidence. Image Image Header Psychosocial Care Certified psychosocial care providers help patients and families throughout the course of their treatment. Image Image Header Speech Speech therapists help patients speak more clearly and teach parents feeding techniques for their babies. Cards Image Image Header Surgery Timely cleft surgery is essential to a patient's long-term health and well-being. Image Image Header Nutrition A cleft condition can cause malnourishment. Our nutritional support helps patients grow healthy for surgery. Image Image Header Dentistry Dentists provide specialized procedures and create devices that improve patients' surgical results and overall health. Image Image Header Orthodontics Orthodontic care is also crucial to a patient's healthy oral development and personal confidence. Image Image Header Psychosocial Care Certified psychosocial care providers help patients and families throughout the course of their treatment. Image Image Header Speech Speech therapists help patients speak more clearly and teach parents feeding techniques for their babies. Cards Image Subject Name Heydi Age Image Subject Age 3 Image Image Top Hat Inspiring Stories Title Claudina helped deliver her granddaughter, Heydi, in the back of a taxi. But the difficult journey for Heydi was just beginning. Links Read Stories Donate Now Image Subject Name Pedro Age Image Subject Age 5 Image Image Top Hat Inspiring Stories Title Maribelis and her son, Pedro, fled their home. It was in a refugee camp in Colombia where Marbelis found hope and care for Pedro. Links Read Stories Donate Now Where We Work Title We are committed to care across the world. With 6,000 volunteers from around the world, Operation Smile is one of the world's largest volunteer-based nonprofit organizations. Explore Reach Australia Operation Smile established a presence in Australia in 1999. Explore our impact in Australia Bolivia Operation Smile's first surgical program in Bolivia was held in 1999. Explore our impact in Bolivia Brazil Operation Smile's first surgical program in Brazil was held in 1997. Explore our impact in Brazil Canada Operation Smile established a presence in Canada in 2011. Explore our impact in Canada China Operation Smile's first surgical program in China was held in 1991. Explore our impact in China Colombia Operation Smile's first surgical program in Colombia was held in 1988. Explore our impact in Colombia Democratic Republic of the Congo Operation Smile's first surgical program in the Democratic Republic of the Congo was held in 2009. Dominican Republic Operation Smile's first surgical program in the Dominican Republic was held in 2009. Explore our impact in Dominican Republic Ecuador Operation Smile's first surgical program in Ecuador was held in 1995. Explore our impact in Ecuador Egypt Operation Smile's first surgical program in Egypt was held in 2006. Explore our impact in Egypt Ethiopia Operation Smile's first surgical program in Ethiopia was held in 2005. Explore our impact in Ethiopia Ghana Operation Smile's first surgical program in Ghana was held in 2011. Explore our impact in Ghana Guatemala Operation Smile's first surgical program in Guatemala was held in 2011. Explore our impact in Guatemala Haiti Operation Smile's first surgical program in Haiti was held in 2008. Honduras Operation Smile's first surgical program in Honduras was held in 1997. Explore our impact in Honduras India Operation Smile's first surgical program in India was held in 2002. Explore our impact in India Ireland Operation Smile established a presence in Ireland in 2004. Italy Operation Smile established a presence in Italy in 2000. Jordan Operation Smile's first surgical program in Jordan was held in 2000. Explore our impact in Jordan Kenya Operation Smile's first surgical program in Kenya was held in 1987. Explore our impact in Kenya Madagascar Operation Smile's first surgical program in Madagascar was held in 2007. Explore our impact in Madagascar Malawi Operation Smile's first surgical program in Malawi was held in 2012. Explore our impact in Malawi Mexico Operation Smile's first surgical program in Mexico was held in 2006. Explore our impact in Mexico Morocco Operation Smile's first surgical program in Morocco was held in 1998. Explore our impact in Morocco Mozambique Operation Smile's first surgical program in Mozambique was held in 2014. Explore our impact in Mozambique Myanmar Operation Smile's first surgical program in Myanmar was held in 2010. Norway Operation Smile established a presence in Norway in 2023. Panama Operation Smile's first surgical program in Panama was held in 1991. Explore our impact in Panama Paraguay Operation Smile's first surgical program in Paraguay was held in 2005. Explore our impact in Paraguay Peru Operation Smile's first surgical program in Peru was held in 1999. Explore our impact in Peru Philippines Operation Smile's first surgical program in the Philippines was held in 1982. Explore our impact in Philippines Russia Operation Smile's first surgical program in Russia was held in 1993. Rwanda Operation Smile's first surgical program in Rwanda was held in 2010. Explore our impact in Rwanda South Africa Operation Smile's first surgical program in South Africa was held in 2006. Explore our impact in South Africa South Korea Operation Smile established a presence in South Korea in 2012. Sweden Operation Smile established a presence in Sweden in 2010. Explore our impact in Sweden Switzerland Operation Smile established a presence in Switzerland in 2015. Thailand Operation Smile's first surgical program in Thailand was held in 1997. Explore our impact in Thailand United Arab Emirates Operation Smile established a presence in the United Arab Emirates in 2011. United Kingdom Operation Smile established a presence in the United Kingdom in 2001. Explore our impact in United Kingdom United States Dr. Bill Magee and Kathy Magee founded Operation Smile in 1982 in Norfolk, Virginia. Explore our impact in United States Venezuela Operation Smile's first surgical program in Venezuela was held in 1993. Vietnam Operation Smile's first surgical program in Vietnam was held in 1989. Explore our impact in Vietnam Image Image Get Involved Title You can help out and get involved in many ways. You can give children a chance to grow up without life-threatening health problems, social stigma, isolation, and feelings of hopelessness. Learn More Cards Image Image Header Student Programs By getting involved with Operation Smile, you can help give children suffering from cleft lips a chance at life-changing surgeries, improved nutrition, and a better future. Image Image Header Take a Journey The Anthony L. and Hideko S. Burgess Interactive Learning Center in Virginia Beach, Virginia, offers an immersive view of our work. Image Image Header Plan your Giving Leave a legacy that will transform the lives of patients, like Annika, and their families around the world. Image Image Header Operation Smile Gear Show your support for Operation Smile buy purchasing some Operation Smile gear. Cards Image Image Header Student Programs By getting involved with Operation Smile, you can help give children suffering from cleft lips a chance at life-changing surgeries, improved nutrition, and a better future. Image Image Header Take a Journey The Anthony L. and Hideko S. Burgess Interactive Learning Center in Virginia Beach, Virginia, offers an immersive view of our work. Image Image Header Plan your Giving Leave a legacy that will transform the lives of patients, like Annika, and their families around the world. Image Image Header Operation Smile Gear Show your support for Operation Smile buy purchasing some Operation Smile gear. Make Your Donation Title Your support provides children access to life-changing care. You can make such a difference to children with cleft conditions who - through no fault of their own - are unable to access the safe, comprehensive cleft care they need. Links Learn More About Us Donation Form Title Donate Today Donation Form Appeal Your kind donation contributes towards life-saving treatment for children across the world. 15 30 50 100 Other Amount Single Donation: Button Label Donate Monthly Donation: Button Label Donate Monthly Title A smile in your inbox Be the first to receive in-depth news, updates, and heart-warming stories from our programs around the world. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter! Something went wrong, please try again. Your email address is missing or invalid. We’ve encountered an error processing your request. Please contact us. Email Address Sign Up Leave this field blank About Us Title We revolutionized cleft surgery globally in 1982. Find Out More Image Image 3641 Faculty Boulevard Virginia Beach, VA 23453 USA 1-888-OPSMILE 1-888-677-6453 +1-757-321-7645 facebook twitter youtube instagram medium linkedin Press Office Events Careers Make a One-Time Donation Become a Monthly Sustainer Partner With Us Volunteer Fundraise With Us Student Programs Contact Us Operation Smile is a 501(c)(3) organization. Contributions are tax deductible in accordance with IRS rules and regulations. ©2024 Operation Smile Code of Conduct Manage My Account Privacy Policy Site Terms