Association of National Advertisers | Marketing Excellence | ANA Log in Search Membership Membership Become a Member Contact Membership Client-Side Marketer Membership Solutions Provider Membership Nonprofit Federation Membership Create an Account For Members Explore Your Benefits Membership FAQ Pay MSP Membership Dues About the ANA Our Story Client-Side Marketer List Solutions Provider Member List Board of Directors ANA B2B Chapters Careers Press Room Events Events Events Home Masters of Marketing National Industry Conferences Training Committees Webinars Members Only One-Day Conferences Local Events Awards Programs Sponsorship Opportunities Speaker Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities Upcoming Events 2024 Conference Annual Pass (01/01, ) ANA’s 2nd Annual Atlanta Data & Analyt... (03/05, Atlanta) Marketing in the Ag... (03/06, Virtual Event (Eastern Time)) Brand Growth and Purpose Summit host... (03/07, Los Angeles) Meet the SSPs: Virt... (03/07, Virtual Event (Eastern Time)) Full Events Calendar Resources Insights Content Library Agency B2B Brand Consumer Data & Measurement Finance & Procurement Leadership Media Channels Organization Resources Resources Home Marketing Knowledge Center Marketing Futures ASK: Research Service The Future CMO Marketing 101 Playbooks ANA Magazine Blogs Awards Programs Podcasts Videos Committees Committees Committees Home Join a Committee Thought Leadership Our Committees Upcoming Committee Meetings Marketing Operati... (03/05, Virtual Meeting (Eastern Time)) Nonprofit Organizations (03/05, Virtual) Commerce Marketing (03/06, Via Virtual (Eastern Time)) Meeting on Federa... (03/08, Virtual Meeting (Eastern Time)) Sponsorship & Experie... (03/12, Via Virtual (Eastern Time)) See All Upcoming Committees Training Training Training Home Member Training Benefit Team Training Options Open Enrollment Training On-Demand Training CAMP Certification Program CAMP Continuing Education Workshop Catalog Instructors Contact Us Upcoming Regional Workshops Leveraging Socia... (03/05, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time)) Digital Analytic... (03/07, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time)) Future-Proof You... (03/12, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time)) Personal Brandin... (03/14, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time)) Time Management ... (03/19, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time)) See All Upcoming Workshops Leadership Leadership Leadership Home ANA Growth Agenda Global CMO Growth Council AEF DEIB Resource Center Industry Initiatives Brands for Humanity Coalition Brands for Humanity Home SeeHer AIMM Center for Brand Purpose Sustainability Collective Center for Ethical Marketing Engage Responsibly Nonprofit Federation ANA Practices Addressability Artificial Intelligence Brand Activation Business Marketing Data & Analytics Email Excellence Center Government Relations Marketing Technology Measurement for Marketers Log in Search clear Log in email lock_outline Log in Your company may already be a member.View our member list to find out, or create a new account. Forgot Password? clear Search library_books Content Library You can search our content library for case studies, research, industry insights, and more. search Search Library web Website You can search our website for events, press releases, blog posts, and more. search Search Website Shape the Future of Media March 18-20 // Orlando, Fla. Join us at the ANA Media Conference, presented by A+E Networks, and stay at the forefront of the industry's most critical trends! Global Week of Learning March 11-15, 2024 // Virtual Join us for a FREE week of continuous learning, knowledge sharing, and skill development...for FREE! AI Use Case Compendium Marketers are using artificial intelligence across a wide range of applications and functions. Download the report and read more New Diversity Report Research reveals sharp reversal in diversity among marketers Click here to read the full study 2023 Response Rate Report The most trusted source of online and offline direct media benchmarks includes Generative AI and ChatGPT insights. Download and find out more today! Be the Best in B2B Marketing Entries are open! Deadline is March 8 to submit your campaign! SEE ALSO: Previous award-winning B2 Awards case studies Master the Evolving AI Landscape April 8-10, 2024 // Hollywood, Fla. Join us at the first-ever ANA AI for Marketers Conference and learn how to successfully integrate AI into your marketing efforts. keyboard_arrow_left Previous keyboard_arrow_right Next Shape the Future of Media March 18-20 // Orlando, Fla. Join us at the ANA Media Conference, presented by A+E Networks, and stay at the forefront of the industry's most critical trends! Global Week of Learning March 11-15, 2024 // Virtual Join us for a FREE week of continuous learning, knowledge sharing, and skill development...for FREE! AI Use Case Compendium Marketers are using artificial intelligence across a wide range of applications and functions. Download the report and read more New Diversity Report Research reveals sharp reversal in diversity among marketers Click here to read the full study 2023 Response Rate Report The most trusted source of online and offline direct media benchmarks includes Generative AI and ChatGPT insights. Download and find out more today! Be the Best in B2B Marketing Entries are open! Deadline is March 8 to submit your campaign! SEE ALSO: Previous award-winning B2 Awards case studies Master the Evolving AI Landscape April 8-10, 2024 // Hollywood, Fla. Join us at the first-ever ANA AI for Marketers Conference and learn how to successfully integrate AI into your marketing efforts. Unlock Meaningful Growth April 15-17, 2024 // Carlsbad, Calif. Join us at ANA Brand Masters and engage with the best in the industry on issues that will define 2024! Observing Women's History Month See campaigns that are championing women's issues We're All In On Driving Growth for you, your brand, our marketing industry, and humanity For You We arm our members with the skills, tools, and resources to grow their careers. Your Brand Our best-in-class content, events, and training help members build stronger brands. Our Industry We're focused on moving our members’ brands and the industry forward. And Humanity We work with member brands and nonprofits to drive positive societal change. ANA Practices Artificial Intelligence Brand Activation Business Marketing Government Relations Leadership Championing causes to make the industry stronger and more knowledgeable Global CMO Growth Council AEF SeeHer More Industry Initiatives Latest Videos view more videos ANA Magazine Insights to drive growth and move brands forward. The Battle for Brand Safety B2B Marketers Own the Customer Journey, Now What? Aspen's Green Warrior Why 'Be Better' Is Not a Strategy Learn About Membership × Cookie Preferences The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Social media and advertising cookies of third parties are used to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads. To amend your preferences you can visit "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of the website. To get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Do you accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved? Functional These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. Performance These cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on this website. In some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you’ve selected. Deselecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance. Social Media and Advertising Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within ANA’s website(s) and on other websites and online services. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. For more information about this processing of personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Deselecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. You may also not be able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks and/or not be able to share content on social media. I Understand The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Check our Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information. Settings OK, Got it ANA Strategic Partners ANA Law Partner Copyright © 2024 Association of National Advertisers-established in 1910 Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Press Room Contact Us Careers ANA Logos Your Ad Choices Cookie Settings