Home | Natural History Museum Opens in a new window Accept cookies? We use cookies to give you the best online experience and to show personalised content and marketing. We use them to improve our website and content as well as to tailor our digital advertising on third-party platforms. You can change your preferences at any time. Manage my preferences Yes, accept all Skip to content Visit Visit The Museum at South Kensington The Museum at Tring Back The Museum at South Kensington Back The Museum at South Kensington Plan your visit What's on Explore the Museum Access The Museum at Tring Back The Museum at Tring Getting here What's on Explore the Museum Access Discover Discover Back Discover News Anthropocene British wildlife Collections Dinosaurs Human evolution Oceans Space What on Earth? Video Take part Join and support Join and support Back Join and support Membership Make a donation Patrons Corporate partnerships Shop Schools Our science Back Deworm3 About Who we are Objectives Achievements Research tool kit Publications News Search Membership Donate Search Popular search terms: British wildlife Wildlife Photographer of the Year Dinosaurs Space Explore the Museum Home © Max Waugh Wildlife Photographerof the Year New exhibition open now Book your tickets Travel through 4.6 billion years of our planet's history and help protect its future. Ticket holders skip the queues. Exhibitions not included in free admission – must be booked separately. Open 10.00-17.50 (last entry 17.30) Get your free ticket Outdoor activities for kids Free outdoor fun in parks, streets, or anywhere. What does it take to run a world-class museum? You. Every donation to the Museum helps keep us open. Birds: Brilliant and BizarreA new exhibitionOpens 24 May Book your tickets Become a Member Enjoy exclusive benefits and support the Museum Our science Delve into our research and collections Discover: our online magazine about the natural world Bringing you the latest stories and answering your big questions about nature. Check out our news, features, videos and activities on everything from dinosaurs to the planetary emergency. News New Royal Mail stamps will feature dinosaurs and celebrate Mary Anning Royal Mail is releasing a trove of new palaeontological-themed stamps. 5 March 2024 What on Earth? Why do star-nosed moles have a ‘hand’ on their face? It may look like it’s fallen to Earth from space, but the star-nosed mole is perfectly adapted to its wet soil habitats. News Solo south African orcas learn how to hunt great white sharks The orcas have learnt to catch and eat young great white sharks in less than two minutes. 1 March 2024 Dinosaurs A history of African dinosaurs: Unique narratives starting to be told A new generation of palaeontologists is rising up to tell the stories of these important animals. Don't miss a thing Receive email updates about our news, science, exhibitions, events, products, services and fundraising activities. We may occasionally include third-party content from our corporate partners and other museums. We will not share your personal details with these third parties. You must be over the age of 13. Privacy notice. First name Surname Email address Sign up Follow us on social media The Natural History Museum Cromwell Road London SW7 5BD Map See our opening hours The Natural History Museum at Tring Akeman Street Tring Hertfordshire HP23 6AP Map See our opening hours Visit What's on Galleries and Museum map Access Discover News Anthropocene British wildlife Collections Dinosaurs Human evolution Oceans Space What on Earth? Video For schools Visiting South Kensington Visiting Tring Learning resources Careers Current vacancies Join and support Membership Gift membership Make a donation Become a Patron Corporate partnerships Take part Volunteer Citizen science Identify UK nature Centre for UK Biodiversity About us News Press office Governance Contact us Online shop Our science Research Collections Datasets People Facilities Study and events Library and archives Business services Touring exhibitions Consulting Publishing Film locations NHM images Venue hire Licensing Legal Cookie preferences Privacy notice Website accessibility statement Terms and conditions Modern Slavery Statement © The Trustees of The Natural History Museum, London