604 Now | Vancouver News, Events, Contests, Food & Things To Do Cities Where is your 604? All Cities Vancouver Burnaby Richmond Surrey Langley White Rock North Vancouver Coquitlam Abbotsford Victoria Explore Vancouver Based in the west coast, Vancouver is a metropolitan city that’s geographically blessed with a temperate climate. Whether you’re exploring city centre, the west side or the east side, you can be sure to have the North shore mountains present as the picturesque backdrop to your adventures. As a multicultural city, Vancouverites are known for being a laidback, easy-going bunch. Just don’t mention the Canucks. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Burnaby Neighbouring the borders of East Vancouver, Burnaby is undergoing a modern transformation that’s driving a younger crowd into the city with highrise residential towers being built at a pace that exceeds even that of Vancouver’s. Burnaby occupies a central area that makes it a convenient drive to get to Vancouver, New Westminster or Richmond. It’s close enough to feel like you’re living in Vancouver without facing any of the realities about its housing market. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Richmond The island city built on top of the Fraser River delta. Contrary to what the locals say, Richmond is not a city that will slide into the ocean when the Big One hits. What may be a more relevant epicentre to consider about this peaceful city is its status as the latter-day predecessor to Vancouver’s historical Chinatown. Seriously, you can’t go wrong with the dim sum here. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Surrey Not simply the fastest growing city in Metro Vancouver but also in the country, Surrey is a city that ironically gets a bad rap often from Vancouver proper, a city known for its homeless problem. The true Surrey is a story of economic revitalization and a green future. With over 600 parks and greenbelts, it goes without saying. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Langley The birthplace of British Columbia. Langley’s past stretches back almost 200 hundred years ago, which if you know anything about Canadian history, is practically ancient times. Langley is a pastoral scene with endless berry fields, fishing trips and pony shows to partake in. It’s not the ticket for clubs but there are a ton of wineries. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore White Rock White Rock is a beloved shorefront city. It’s a coastal community that boasts a beach, Canada's longest pier, tons of hidden gems and most important of all: a giant white rock the area was named after. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore North Vancouver North Vancouver is known for hiking and skiing trails in the forested North Shore Mountains, including Grouse Mountain, whose Skyride cable car offers sweeping city views. High suspension bridges straddle popular Capilano Canyon and tranquil Lynn Canyon. Near the Seabus ferry terminal, Lonsdale Quay Market is home to fashion shops and a mix of food vendors serving fish and chips, souvlaki and Asian dishes. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Coquitlam The Tri-Cities are made up of five communities that include suburban cities such as Port Moody, Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam. With the Evergreen extension of the Millennium Line underway, it’ll be even more straightforward to visit these gorgeous city towns that offer diverse vistas. Burrard Inlet? Eagle Mountain? The waterfront view? It’s all there and more. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Abbotsford Located in the heart of the Fraser Valley, Abbotsford is the largest municipality that the region has to offer. Adjacent to Vancouver, Abbotsford is the air and road gateway to experiences such as skydiving to hot springs and waterslides. The self-proclaimed “city in the country” is known for sports, religion and its agricultural bounty. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Victoria Victoria, capital of British Columbia, sits on the southern end of Vancouver Island. With abundant parkland, it’s known for outdoor activities. Events Food Things To Do View More Where is your 604? Vancouver Explore Vancouver Based in the west coast, Vancouver is a metropolitan city that’s geographically blessed with a temperate climate. Whether you’re exploring city centre, the west side or the east side, you can be sure to have the North shore mountains present as the picturesque backdrop to your adventures. As a multicultural city, Vancouverites are known for being a laidback, easy-going bunch. Just don’t mention the Canucks. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Burnaby Explore Burnaby Neighbouring the borders of East Vancouver, Burnaby is undergoing a modern transformation that’s driving a younger crowd into the city with highrise residential towers being built at a pace that exceeds even that of Vancouver’s. Burnaby occupies a central area that makes it a convenient drive to get to Vancouver, New Westminster or Richmond. It’s close enough to feel like you’re living in Vancouver without facing any of the realities about its housing market. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Richmond Explore Richmond The island city built on top of the Fraser River delta. Contrary to what the locals say, Richmond is not a city that will slide into the ocean when the Big One hits. What may be a more relevant epicentre to consider about this peaceful city is its status as the latter-day predecessor to Vancouver’s historical Chinatown. Seriously, you can’t go wrong with the dim sum here. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Surrey Explore Surrey Not simply the fastest growing city in Metro Vancouver but also in the country, Surrey is a city that ironically gets a bad rap often from Vancouver proper, a city known for its homeless problem. The true Surrey is a story of economic revitalization and a green future. With over 600 parks and greenbelts, it goes without saying. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Langley Explore Langley The birthplace of British Columbia. Langley’s past stretches back almost 200 hundred years ago, which if you know anything about Canadian history, is practically ancient times. Langley is a pastoral scene with endless berry fields, fishing trips and pony shows to partake in. It’s not the ticket for clubs but there are a ton of wineries. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More White Rock Explore White Rock White Rock is a beloved shorefront city. It’s a coastal community that boasts a beach, Canada's longest pier, tons of hidden gems and most important of all: a giant white rock the area was named after. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More North Vancouver Explore North Vancouver North Vancouver is known for hiking and skiing trails in the forested North Shore Mountains, including Grouse Mountain, whose Skyride cable car offers sweeping city views. High suspension bridges straddle popular Capilano Canyon and tranquil Lynn Canyon. Near the Seabus ferry terminal, Lonsdale Quay Market is home to fashion shops and a mix of food vendors serving fish and chips, souvlaki and Asian dishes. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Coquitlam Explore Coquitlam The Tri-Cities are made up of five communities that include suburban cities such as Port Moody, Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam. With the Evergreen extension of the Millennium Line underway, it’ll be even more straightforward to visit these gorgeous city towns that offer diverse vistas. Burrard Inlet? Eagle Mountain? The waterfront view? It’s all there and more. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Abbotsford Explore Abbotsford Located in the heart of the Fraser Valley, Abbotsford is the largest municipality that the region has to offer. Adjacent to Vancouver, Abbotsford is the air and road gateway to experiences such as skydiving to hot springs and waterslides. The self-proclaimed “city in the country” is known for sports, religion and its agricultural bounty. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Victoria Explore Victoria Victoria, capital of British Columbia, sits on the southern end of Vancouver Island. With abundant parkland, it’s known for outdoor activities. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Things To Do Things to do View All The Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival Returns This Spring Step into Winnie the Pooh’s Hundred Acre Wood At This New Tea Experience in Vancouver 33 Fun Things To Do In Metro Vancouver This March Explore Events Calendar Attractions Date Night Ideas Night Life Kid Friendly Food & Drink Food View All Step into Winnie the Pooh’s Hundred Acre Wood At This New Tea Experience in Vancouver Best Spots To Watch The Super Bowl in Metro Vancouver Sexiest Restaurants In Vancouver To Go On A Date Find Food Booze Desserts Cafes Food Trucks Hot Spots Travel & Outdoors Travel & Outdoors View All The Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival Returns This Spring Here's When Cherry Blossoms Will Reach Peak Bloom in Metro Vancouver This Year 19 Fun Vancouver Spring Date Ideas That Wont Break The Bank Explore Bucket List Staycations Accommodations Adventures Hikes Parks Lakes Haunted Places City Life City Life View All Surrey and Vancouver Ranked As The Sexiest Cities in British Columbia Culture, Music Vancouver Concerts You Can Look Forward To In 2024 History A Walk Through Granville Island Nearly 100 Years Ago Explore Transportation People Careers Culture Real Estate History Shopping Shopping View All Local Businesses Vancouver Is Getting Its First Self-Serve Unattended Grocery Store This Spring Deals Unwrap Savings: Boxing Day Deals on Must-Have Travel Essentials Deals British Columbia's #1 Hotel Is Offering 50% Off Waterfront Rooms Find Local businesses Shops Services Deals Login Sign Up [ultimatemember form_id="176133"] [ultimatemember form_id="176132"] Search Content from dd-mm-yy Cities Vancouver Burnaby Richmond Surrey Langley New Westminster White Rock North Vancouver Coquitlam Abbotsford Whistler Delta All Cities Things To Do Events Calendar Attractions Date Night Ideas Night Life Kid Friendly View All Food & Drink Food Booze Desserts Cafes Food Trucks Hot Spots View All Travel & Outdoors Bucket List Staycations Accommodations Adventures Hikes Parks Lakes Haunted Places View All City Life Transportation People Careers Culture Real Estate History View All News March 4, 2024 Mar 4, 2024 Here's When Cherry Blossoms Will Reach Peak Bloom in Metro Vancouver This Year Are you making your cherry blossoms viewing plans? If so, you may be interested in learning the best places to view them, in Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, Richmond, Surrey, or the... Travel & Outdoors February 29, 2024 Feb 29, 2024 19 Fun Vancouver Spring Date Ideas That Wont Break The Bank The days are finally getting longer, and colour is finally beginning to return to our beautiful city. This can only mean one thing — spring is ... News February 26, 2024 Feb 26, 2024 33 Fun Things To Do In Metro Vancouver This March With Spring being just around the corner, that means more sunny days, blooming flowers, and fun in and around Metro Vancouver! From car shows to ... Music January 7, 2024 Jan 7, 2024 Vancouver Concerts You Can Look Forward To In 2024 Are you a music lover looking for an unforgettable concert experience? If so 2024 is going to be an exciting year for you. From legendary bands l... Trending Just published News March 5, 2024 The Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival Returns This Spring Food February 28, 2024 Step into Winnie the Pooh’s Hundred Acre Wood At This New Tea Experience in Vancouver News February 22, 2024 40+ Fun Things To Do In Metro Vancouver This February Announcements February 8, 2024 Winter Delights: A Closer Look at Canada's Entertainment News March 5, 2024 Mar 5, 2024 The Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival Returns This Spring Get your cameras ready, the Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival is coming back! Every year, the festival organizes a number of free events to showc... Food February 28, 2024 Feb 28, 2024 Step into Winnie the Pooh’s Hundred Acre Wood At This New Tea Experience in Vancouver Those young at heart can now step into the world of Winnie the Pooh thanks to an all-new tea experience in Vancouver. The whimsical Winnie the Po... News February 22, 2024 Feb 22, 2024 40+ Fun Things To Do In Metro Vancouver This February From cultural events to outdoor adventures, Metro Vancouver has so many fun and free things to do this February. While most of us spent January r... Announcements February 8, 2024 Feb 8, 2024 Winter Delights: A Closer Look at Canada's Entertainment Canada transforms into a wonderland during the winter season, enchanting people of all ages with its magical charm. Bursting with vibrant festiva... Upcoming events View All View All Mar 7th to Mar 10th HORI7ONS: Immersive Digital Art Experience Apr 6th to Apr 7th Portobello West Spring Market 2024 Apr 17th Skills Canada BC Provincial Trades & Technology Competition Jun 22nd Pinoy Festival: Panahon na para Magsaya 2 Sep 17th to Sep 18th Canadian Digital Marketing Summit Mar 3rd to Mar 10th Vancouver Cocktail Week 2024 Mar 5th Free (and New) Fall Exhibits at The Museum of Surrey Mar 8th to Mar 10th Monster Jam Truck Show Mar 14th to Mar 17th CelticFest Vancouver 2024 Mar 18th to Mar 28th Burnaby Village Museum Spring Break Mar 19th to Mar 28th Free Spring Break Activities at The Museum of Surrey Mar 20th to Mar 24th Vancouver Auto Show 2024 Mar 25th 52 & YOU the Magic show - with Shawn Farquhar Hot Deals View All View All Deals DEAL: 5 Destinations You Can Fly to Round Trip from Vancouver Starting at $282 Travel & Outdoors 7 Of The Coolest Floaties on Amazon For Floating Down a River This Summer Travel & Outdoors Deal: One of BC's Best Hotels Is Offering 20% Off May Stays Right Now News Deal Alert: Amtrak Will Let You Travel Around The USA For $399 This Spring Travel & Outdoors Quick, Grab BOGO Cineplex Tickets This Week Before The Deal Is Gone News 8 Black Friday Canada Deals That Are Too Good To Pass Up On News New Non-stop Round-Trip Flights From YVR To Los Cabos Will Start at $361 Food Popular Vancouver Restaurants Are Offering 20% Bonuses on Holiday Gift Cards Travel & Outdoors 7 Halloween Decorations To Help You Create The Most Haunted House On The Block News Surrey Disney Store Is Closing and Everything Must Go Series Big Servings Unique Experiences Playgrounds Hidden Gems Cool Getaways Bucket List Worthy Date Night Abandoned Places Cherry Blossoms Stories Only in BC: Someone Took Their Lamborghini Camping at Cultus Lake This Coquitlam Playground Has A Zipline And Huge Slide Tower Looking back at Vancouver in 2020 Dog Parking Pods are Coming to Vancouver 5 Movies You Didn't Know Were Filmed in Squamish The #1 Hike In The World Is Right Here In BC And Includes Cool Cable Cars Where to Find Monster Burgers in Metro Vancouver 7 Places in British Columbia That Feel Like a Foreign Getaway Where is your 604? Vancouver Burnaby Richmond Surrey Langley White Rock North Vancouver Coquitlam Abbotsford Victoria Explore Vancouver Based in the west coast, Vancouver is a metropolitan city that’s geographically blessed with a temperate climate. Whether you’re exploring city centre, the west side or the east side, you can be sure to have the North shore mountains present as the picturesque backdrop to your adventures. As a multicultural city, Vancouverites are known for being a laidback, easy-going bunch. Just don’t mention the Canucks. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Burnaby Neighbouring the borders of East Vancouver, Burnaby is undergoing a modern transformation that’s driving a younger crowd into the city with highrise residential towers being built at a pace that exceeds even that of Vancouver’s. Burnaby occupies a central area that makes it a convenient drive to get to Vancouver, New Westminster or Richmond. It’s close enough to feel like you’re living in Vancouver without facing any of the realities about its housing market. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Richmond The island city built on top of the Fraser River delta. Contrary to what the locals say, Richmond is not a city that will slide into the ocean when the Big One hits. What may be a more relevant epicentre to consider about this peaceful city is its status as the latter-day predecessor to Vancouver’s historical Chinatown. Seriously, you can’t go wrong with the dim sum here. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Surrey Not simply the fastest growing city in Metro Vancouver but also in the country, Surrey is a city that ironically gets a bad rap often from Vancouver proper, a city known for its homeless problem. The true Surrey is a story of economic revitalization and a green future. With over 600 parks and greenbelts, it goes without saying. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Langley The birthplace of British Columbia. Langley’s past stretches back almost 200 hundred years ago, which if you know anything about Canadian history, is practically ancient times. Langley is a pastoral scene with endless berry fields, fishing trips and pony shows to partake in. It’s not the ticket for clubs but there are a ton of wineries. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore White Rock White Rock is a beloved shorefront city. It’s a coastal community that boasts a beach, Canada's longest pier, tons of hidden gems and most important of all: a giant white rock the area was named after. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore North Vancouver North Vancouver is known for hiking and skiing trails in the forested North Shore Mountains, including Grouse Mountain, whose Skyride cable car offers sweeping city views. High suspension bridges straddle popular Capilano Canyon and tranquil Lynn Canyon. Near the Seabus ferry terminal, Lonsdale Quay Market is home to fashion shops and a mix of food vendors serving fish and chips, souvlaki and Asian dishes. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Coquitlam The Tri-Cities are made up of five communities that include suburban cities such as Port Moody, Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam. With the Evergreen extension of the Millennium Line underway, it’ll be even more straightforward to visit these gorgeous city towns that offer diverse vistas. Burrard Inlet? Eagle Mountain? The waterfront view? It’s all there and more. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Abbotsford Located in the heart of the Fraser Valley, Abbotsford is the largest municipality that the region has to offer. Adjacent to Vancouver, Abbotsford is the air and road gateway to experiences such as skydiving to hot springs and waterslides. The self-proclaimed “city in the country” is known for sports, religion and its agricultural bounty. Events Food Things To Do View More Explore Victoria Victoria, capital of British Columbia, sits on the southern end of Vancouver Island. With abundant parkland, it’s known for outdoor activities. Events Food Things To Do View More Where is your 604? Vancouver Explore Vancouver Based in the west coast, Vancouver is a metropolitan city that’s geographically blessed with a temperate climate. Whether you’re exploring city centre, the west side or the east side, you can be sure to have the North shore mountains present as the picturesque backdrop to your adventures. As a multicultural city, Vancouverites are known for being a laidback, easy-going bunch. Just don’t mention the Canucks. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Burnaby Explore Burnaby Neighbouring the borders of East Vancouver, Burnaby is undergoing a modern transformation that’s driving a younger crowd into the city with highrise residential towers being built at a pace that exceeds even that of Vancouver’s. Burnaby occupies a central area that makes it a convenient drive to get to Vancouver, New Westminster or Richmond. It’s close enough to feel like you’re living in Vancouver without facing any of the realities about its housing market. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Richmond Explore Richmond The island city built on top of the Fraser River delta. Contrary to what the locals say, Richmond is not a city that will slide into the ocean when the Big One hits. What may be a more relevant epicentre to consider about this peaceful city is its status as the latter-day predecessor to Vancouver’s historical Chinatown. Seriously, you can’t go wrong with the dim sum here. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Surrey Explore Surrey Not simply the fastest growing city in Metro Vancouver but also in the country, Surrey is a city that ironically gets a bad rap often from Vancouver proper, a city known for its homeless problem. The true Surrey is a story of economic revitalization and a green future. With over 600 parks and greenbelts, it goes without saying. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Langley Explore Langley The birthplace of British Columbia. Langley’s past stretches back almost 200 hundred years ago, which if you know anything about Canadian history, is practically ancient times. Langley is a pastoral scene with endless berry fields, fishing trips and pony shows to partake in. It’s not the ticket for clubs but there are a ton of wineries. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More White Rock Explore White Rock White Rock is a beloved shorefront city. It’s a coastal community that boasts a beach, Canada's longest pier, tons of hidden gems and most important of all: a giant white rock the area was named after. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More North Vancouver Explore North Vancouver North Vancouver is known for hiking and skiing trails in the forested North Shore Mountains, including Grouse Mountain, whose Skyride cable car offers sweeping city views. High suspension bridges straddle popular Capilano Canyon and tranquil Lynn Canyon. Near the Seabus ferry terminal, Lonsdale Quay Market is home to fashion shops and a mix of food vendors serving fish and chips, souvlaki and Asian dishes. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Coquitlam Explore Coquitlam The Tri-Cities are made up of five communities that include suburban cities such as Port Moody, Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam. With the Evergreen extension of the Millennium Line underway, it’ll be even more straightforward to visit these gorgeous city towns that offer diverse vistas. Burrard Inlet? Eagle Mountain? The waterfront view? It’s all there and more. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Abbotsford Explore Abbotsford Located in the heart of the Fraser Valley, Abbotsford is the largest municipality that the region has to offer. Adjacent to Vancouver, Abbotsford is the air and road gateway to experiences such as skydiving to hot springs and waterslides. The self-proclaimed “city in the country” is known for sports, religion and its agricultural bounty. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Victoria Explore Victoria Victoria, capital of British Columbia, sits on the southern end of Vancouver Island. With abundant parkland, it’s known for outdoor activities. Events Restaurants Things To Do View More Contact Us Add an Event Advertise About Us Cities Privacy Policy My Account Newsletter 604 Now is dedicated to metro Vancouver, the southwest corner of British Columbia, and the province’s most urban division. Daily, we engage a diverse community and excite our readers to explore the best of their city within the metropolis. Website by Graphem Solutions © 2022 - 604 Now. An Elite CafeMedia Publisher. All rights reserved.