Verisign is a global provider of domain name registry services and internet infrastructure - Verisign Support Search Verisign.com Search Discover Domain Names Explore Registry Services About Verisign Support Got a great website name? See if it's available: Terms of Service Follow Us Back to Main Menu Discover Domain Names Domain Name Extensions Domain Tools Whois Find a Registrar Domain Name Search Zone File Information Domain Name Industry Brief Regional Internet Resolution Find out more about our Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) Got a great website name? See if it's available: Terms of Service Follow Us Back to Main Menu Explore Registry Services Become A Registrar Registrar Tools Name Suggestion Service Access Partner Portal Got a great website name? See if it's available: Terms of Service Follow Us Back to Main Menu About Verisign Overview Mission and Values\ Newsroom Executive Team Careers Verisign Labs Blog Contact Us Investors Got a great website name? See if it's available: Terms of Service Follow Us Discover Domain Names Learn why you should get online with domains powered by Verisign Visit Visit Find out more about our Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) Learn More DOMAIN TOOLS Whois Find a Registrar Domain Name Search Zone File Information Domain Name Industry Brief Channel Resources Verisign Channel Resources Establish a steady, renewable revenue stream with domain names. When you work with Verisign, we can help you better serve your customers with additional product lines, enhanced services and value-added tools. Learn More Become A Registrar With the reliability and scale of Verisign domains, you can provide your customers with a complete Web services package. Registrar Tools Whether you want to increase registrations or renewals, expand to new markets, or enhance services, we have the tools, resources and registry services to help. Access Partner Portal Already a customer? Log in to manage your account. About Verisign Overview "Verisign enables the world to connect online with reliability and confidence, anytime, anywhere."- Jim Bidzos, Chairman of the Board and CEO Mission and Values What we believe and how we work. Executive Team The Verisign Executive Team brings a tremendous breadth of expertise and talent. Newsroom The latest on Verisign and the internet infrastructure industry. Verisign Labs We are committed to making the Internet a safe and reliable place for people to do business and interact. Investors Verisign is a global leader in domain names and internet security. Quicklinks Contact Us Blog Careers Verisign enables the world to connect online with reliability and confidence - anytime, anywhere. WHAT DOES VERISIGN DO? WHO WE ARE A leader in domain name registry services and internet infrastructure. Top-Level Domains Verisign powers the domains that define the internet. Discover Our Products Internet Infrastructure Verisign enables the security, stability and resiliency of internet infrastructure. Explore Our Capabilities INNOVATION How we’re helping to shape the future of the internet. Combating DNS Abuse Learn about our commitment to addressing DNS abuse at the registry level. LEARN MORE Discover Verisign Labs Learn about the research and technologies our team is developing to make the internet a safe and reliable place for people to do business and interact. LEARN MORE Discover How DNSSEC Strengthens Trust in the Internet WATCH VIDEO News BLOGDomain Name Industry Brief Quarterly Report: DNIB.com Announces 359.8 Million Domain Name Registrations in the Fourth Quarter of 2023 Today, the latest issue of The Domain Name Industry Brief Quarterly Report was released by DNIB.com,... BLOGVerisign Provides Open Source Implementation of Merkle Tree Ladder Mode The quantum computing era is coming, and it will change everything about how the world connects onli... BLOGVerisign Celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month Celebrating National Hispanic Heritage Month reminds us how the wide range of perspectives and exper... BLOGVerisign Will Help Strengthen Security with DNSSEC Algorithm Update As part of Verisign’s ongoing effort to make global internet infrastructure more secure, stable, and... BLOGDomain Name Industry Brief Quarterly Report: DNIB.com Announces 359.8 Million Domain Name Registrations in the Fourth Quarter of 2023 Today, the latest issue of The Domain Name Industry Brief Quarterly Report was released by DNIB.com,... BLOGVerisign Provides Open Source Implementation of Merkle Tree Ladder Mode The quantum computing era is coming, and it will change everything about how the world connects onli... BLOGVerisign Celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month Celebrating National Hispanic Heritage Month reminds us how the wide range of perspectives and exper... BLOGVerisign Will Help Strengthen Security with DNSSEC Algorithm Update As part of Verisign’s ongoing effort to make global internet infrastructure more secure, stable, and... Insights Domain Name Industry Brief 9.0 MILLION New .com and .net registrations at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. Read the Report Getting online starts with getting a custom domain name. Get Inspired Now Terms of Service SEARCH Use brainstorming mode Language: English Chinese (Simplified) Domain Names .com .net Find Your Domain Name Find a Registrar Whois Zone File Information Internet Resolution Domain Name Industry Brief About Verisign Executive Team Investor Relations Newsroom Technology Events Careers Report A Security Vulnerability Combating DNS Abuse Verisign Labs Support Contact Us Blog Follow Us Language: English Chinese (Simplified) Legal Notices Privacy CCPA NOTICE AT COLLECTION Repository Site Map Cookie Settings © 2024 VeriSign, Inc. All rights reserved. VERISIGN, the VERISIGN logo, and other trademarks, service marks, and designs are registered or unregistered trademarks of VeriSign, Inc. and its subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.