Breaking news, Latest international news and Sport - Guardian Liberty Voice GLV Team About Us Jobs/Family Services Humor Arts Movies Music Fashion Emancipation Common Sense Contact Us Menu GLV Team About Us Jobs/Family Services Humor Arts Movies Music Fashion Emancipation Common Sense Contact Us Search Search Close this search box. Oldest Baptist Congregation West of Rockies Celebrates 175 Years August 7, 2022 For Fox, It’s One Down and at Least Three to Go: A Great Day for America April 26, 2023 World U.S. Business Technology Entertainment Sports Science Health Religion World U.S. Business Technology Entertainment Sports Science Health Religion Breaking news, live coverage, investigations, analysis, video, photos, and opinions from Guardian Liberty Voice. Dante Bowe Soars Above the Critics With Musical BrillianceDante Bowe Soars Above the Critics With Musical BrillianceIn the realm of music, artists often find themselves navigating...New COVID Variant Comes With Unexpected SymptomsNew COVID Variant Comes With Unexpected SymptomsA new COVID variant, JN.1, is currently the most prevalent strain...Ringling Bros. Circus Brings a New Show to the AreaRingling Bros. Circus Brings a New Show to the AreaThe Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey circus has reimagined...Amphibians Faces Serious Trouble Due to Climate ChangeAmphibians Faces Serious Trouble Due to Climate ChangeA new global study published in the journal of Nature established...Russia-Africa Summit: Putin’s Quest for Extended InfluenceRussia-Africa Summit: Putin’s Quest for Extended InfluenceThe Russia-Africa summit in St Petersburg has caught the attention...Biden Appeals to Netanyahu Seeking ConsensusBiden Appeals to Netanyahu Seeking ConsensusBiden appeals to Netanyahu to seek consensus before pursuing...Iowa Judge Temporarily Blocks Abortion Law [Video]Iowa Judge Temporarily Blocks Abortion Law [Video]An Iowa judge temporarily blocks the abortion law that would...Gilgo Beach Serial Killer Investigations Expands Across the US [Video]Gilgo Beach Serial Killer Investigations Expands Across the US [Video]Gilgo Beach serial killer investigations over the suspect, Rex...Strike Continues: Is Hollywood Facing Collapse?Strike Continues: Is Hollywood Facing Collapse?Former Hollywood executive warns of devastating effects if the... U.S. Actress Cindy Morgan Dies at 69 Sheena Robertson January 6, 2024 No Comments Read More » FDA Finds Second Metal in Recalled Apple Cinnamon Pouches Sheena Robertson January 5, 2024 No Comments Read More » Some Healthcare Facilities Require Face Masks in Chicago Sheena Robertson January 4, 2024 No Comments Read More » Ringling Bros. Circus Brings a New Show to the Area Sheena Robertson November 3, 2023 No Comments Read More » Business GoA Skillfully Crafts Wikipedia Pages to Boost Online Rep December 15, 2022 Read More » My Experience Says, ‘Take Your Social Security Benefits as Soon as You Are Eligible’ November 14, 2022 Read More » Breaking News! Zoom Comes to Apple TV Legendary Singer Tony Bennett Dies at Age 96 Moonwalker Shoes Let People Walk at the Speed of a Run Jimmy Carter Put on Hospice in His Home 6.3 Magnitude Tragedy Strikes Again in Syria-Turkey Border Russia Guilty of Crimes Against Humanity Spy Balloons Now Reidentified as Mysterious Unknown Object Scientists Name Fungi Killer After Keanu Reeves ‘Laverne & Shirley’ Actress, Cindy Williams, Dies at Age 75 Chicago’s Restaurant Near Midway Airport on Fire Tyre Nichols’ Family Urges Peaceful Protests Ahead of Video Release AMBER-ALERT Missing Youth in Chicago 16-Year-Old Angelika Cano-Peralta FDA Proposes a Flu-Like Schedule for COVID Vaccines Alec Baldwin Charged With Involuntary Manslaughter Gina Lollobrigida, Italian Movie Icon, Dies at Age 95 Italy’s Most Wanted Mob Boss Denaro Arrested After 30 Years on the Run 54-Year-Old Lisa Marie Presley Dies After Hospitalization Swedish Mining Company Discovers Largest Deposit of Rare Earth Minerals in Europe Dr. Dre Nips Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Tweet in the Bud A Sunny Day in Little Village Turns to Darkness for 48 Hours Entertainment Dante Bowe Soars Above the Critics With Musical Brilliance Cherese Jackson January 10, 2024 No Comments In the realm of music, artists often find themselves navigating a sea of critics, opinions, Read More » ‘Peter Pan Goes Wrong’ Comedy of Errors in L.A. Dyanne Weiss August 17, 2023 No Comments “Peter Pan Goes Wrong” which opened this week at the Center Theatre Group’s Ahmanson Theatre Read More » Acclaimed ‘Into the Woods’ Production Opens in Los Angeles, Final Tour Stop Dyanne Weiss July 8, 2023 No Comments The hugely acclaimed production of “Into the Woods,” Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine’s Tony Award-winning Read More » Remembering Tina Turner the Queen of Rock ‘N’ Roll Sheena Robertson May 25, 2023 No Comments The Queen of Rock ‘N’ Roll, Tina Turner, has passed away at the age of Read More » ‘Everyday Soul Dances’ Offers Guidance for Living in Uncertain Times Cathy Milne-Ware April 22, 2023 No Comments Elaine Hoem was inspired to write “Everyday Soul Dances: A Guide to Soulful Living in Read More » Diverse ‘1776’ Revival Colors History Anew Dyanne Weiss April 19, 2023 No Comments Classic paintings of the U.S. Founding Fathers only show white men in powdered wigs. However, Read More » Leslie Loh Globe Trotting Chinese Star Taking Philanthropy To A New Level Arrives in Brazil Guardian Liberty Voice Staff March 31, 2023 No Comments Leslie Loh, The One Gaia Foundation, and the FEELn festivals are doing things differently. They Read More » ‘Twilight: Los Angeles 1992’ Explores Racial Tensions Then and Today Dyanne Weiss March 31, 2023 No Comments Plays about news events often feel dated decades later. “Twilight: Los Angeles, 1992,” which returned Read More » Ariel Hudson’s Goals for the Future Ariel Hudson February 24, 2023 No Comments Interesting things about myself Hello, Father Larry, my name is Ariel Autumn Hudson. I am Read More » Super Nintendo World Has Opened in Disney Florida Erika Cano February 23, 2023 No Comments In 2022 it was announced that Walt Disney World would be giving the pubic a Read More » Mardi Gras (Fat Tuesday) Is Around the Corner Sheena Robertson February 15, 2023 No Comments Mardi Gras, also known as Fat Tuesday or Shrove Tuesday, is right around the corner. Read More » Harry Styles Grammy Speech Blindsides Fans Brielle Buford February 13, 2023 No Comments Harry Styles shocked many when he received the award for best album of the year Read More » The Odd History That Makes Up Groundhog Day Sheena Robertson February 2, 2023 No Comments Groundhog Day is a popular tradition in the United States, but not one that’s commonly Read More » The Original Wednesday Addams, Lisa Loring, Dies at 64 Sheena Robertson January 30, 2023 No Comments The woman who played the original Wednesday Addams, Lisa Loring, has passed away at the Read More » Health New COVID Variant Comes With Unexpected Symptoms Sheena Robertson January 1, 2024 No Comments Read More » Vampire Facials Increased Risk of HIV Infections in New Mexico Spa Janet Grace Ortigas July 18, 2023 No Comments Read More » COVID-19 FDA Wants At-Home COVID Tests to Count Cathy Milne-Ware February 14, 2023 No Comments Read More » China’s Lack of COVID Reporting Raises Concerns Cathy Milne-Ware January 3, 2023 No Comments Read More » Sports Business World Religion Opinion Sports In the NFL Eight Is Not Enough, or Maybe Too Many James Turnage December 26, 2022 No Comments More is not Always Better In my opinion, there are way too many politicians in Washington. Most of the men Read More » A Major F**K Up Again by NFL Officials James Turnage December 19, 2022 No Comments Near the end of Sunday Night’s NFL game between the New York Giants and the Washington Commanders, one of the Read More » 10 Years of the Shield Semetrius Holmes December 17, 2022 No Comments In professional wrestling there have been mesmerizing moments that seem to have stayed with the fans for as long as Read More » Better Officials and Clearly Defined Rules Will Save the Future of the NFL James Turnage December 16, 2022 No Comments NFL Quarterbacks have Become Protected Princesses; Sometimes In the third quarter of Thursday NFL night’s game between the San Francisco Read More » Business Opioid Crisis Leads CVS and Walgreens to Pay $10 Billion Esteban Ruiz November 2, 2022 No Comments The Opioid Crisis State and municipal governments have sued CVS and Walgreens for $10 billion for very serious issues concerning Read More » Kanye West Anti-Semitic Tweet Jermaine Quiroz October 21, 2022 No Comments Kanye West Tweet Kanye West was locked from Twitter for an anti-semitic tweet on his account Saturday night. In Read More » TikTok Was Crashing for iPhone Users, What’s Going On? Lance Santoyo September 15, 2022 No Comments For iOS users, TikTok is crashing, and as a result, iPhone users went to Twitter to output their concerns. According Read More » Juul Agrees to Pay $440M as a Result of Teen Smoking Esteban Ruiz September 8, 2022 No Comments Smoking is an issue that some teenagers seem to have but vaping in teens is much more common than people Read More » World Netanyahu Is the Reason Israel Is Not Always the “Good Guy” James Turnage February 6, 2023 No Comments There will never be peace in the Middle East as long as Benjamin Netanyahu is involved in Israel’s politics. He Read More » Does the Working Class Matter in American Politics? Kenneth Mazerat February 3, 2023 No Comments It seems that the working class is having a lessening impact on American politics over time, why is that? One Read More » Journalism Is Dying All Over the World Kenneth Mazerat December 27, 2022 No Comments Journalism is dying all over the world, according to the message of the film “Endangered.” The film is about the Read More » China Sends 7 Ships and 71 Warplanes Toward Taiwan Sheena Robertson December 26, 2022 No Comments In a 24-hour period, China has sent seven ships and 71 aircraft toward Taiwan in what they call a “strike Read More » Religion The Clash of Ideologies: Christianity vs. the Constitution James Turnage July 20, 2022 No Comments The Constitution of the United States is considered sacred by most Americans and some members of our government. However, if Read More » Domestic Terrorism and Its Connection to the Christian Religious Right James Turnage July 5, 2022 No Comments Let me remind you of the first line of the First Amendment in the Bill of Rights: “Congress shall make Read More » America Is a Country Not a Church (Roe v. Wade) Cherese Jackson July 5, 2022 No Comments America is a country, not a church congregation. The United States is not even a Christian nation – never has Read More » ‘Under the Banner of Heaven’ Unravels Disturbing Truths of Fundamentalism Cathy Milne-Ware July 3, 2022 No Comments “Under the Banner of Heaven” and “Keep Sweet: Pray and Obey” unravel disturbing truths of fundamentalists in the Church of Read More » Opinion Mantra of a Wise Old Fart Who Is Closer to 80 Than 70 James Turnage April 25, 2023 No Comments I know I’m old, my body reminds me every day. However, in my mind I am thirty-five. I admit that Read More » Who Should Care for America’s Returning Veterans? James Turnage April 24, 2023 No Comments I constantly see ads for “Wounded Warriors” and other organizations who claim to assist our returning veterans who were seriously Read More » America Has Become an Armed Fortress and the Gun Murders of Innocents the Norm James Turnage April 24, 2023 No Comments If you listen to Fox News, today’s fake Republicans, or the NRA gun lobby, you are not only in denial, Read More » The Dark History of Why I am Opposed to Organized Religion: How Many “Christians” Shun the Teachings of Jesus Christ James Turnage April 24, 2023 No Comments It is of no importance whether you are a Catholic, a member of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints, Read More » Technology Chicago Academy High School Receives AP Diversity Award Janet Grace Ortigas January 28, 2023 No Comments The Chicago Academy High School recently received the College Board AP Computer Science Female Diversity Award from the American Association Read More » Elon Musk Haunted by More Legal Troubles Chiagozie Onyewuchi January 16, 2023 No Comments Elon Musk has found himself yet again in court for his tweets. This time, the trial is about him possibly Read More » TED Talks – What Are They About? Cynthia Thomas December 29, 2022 No Comments TED Talks have been around for years, but what is going on behind the scenes? How have TED Talks been Read More » Crypto, Bitcoin, NFTs, and Other Cons Which Made Complete Fools of Greedy Americans James Turnage December 22, 2022 No Comments Profit Before People America is ruled by a plutocracy. It has become less of a country and more of a Read More » Milestone in Clean Nuclear Fusion Energy Achieved at U.S. Laboratory Seth Herlinger December 13, 2022 No Comments Scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California recently achieved a monumental breakthrough in nuclear fusion energy, revealing their Read More » Gaming Is Being Killed by Capitalism Kenneth Mazerat December 6, 2022 No Comments The nature of the profit motive is killing the gaming industry and creating worse experiences for everyone. Some games are Read More » Elon Musk Is In “Way Over His Head” James Turnage November 30, 2022 No Comments Do What You Do Best When I began writing in 2008, after my final “real” job, I took to heart Read More » Chromecast Gets Long Awaited Update Lance Santoyo November 29, 2022 No Comments Chromecast Updated! Google has updated the first-generation Chromecast’s software for the first time in years, with a fresh round of Read More » iPhone 15 Early Rumors Dylan Santoyo November 23, 2022 No Comments Only a month has passed since the release of the iPhone 14 and 14 Pro lineups. Speculation about the iPhone Read More » Chrome Extension Steals Passwords, and Cryptocurrencies Lance Santoyo November 23, 2022 No Comments Chrome Danger Researchers say that a dangerous cryptocurrency-stealing malware has gotten updates to make it even more dangerous. Avast cybersecurity Read More » Science OceanGate Titan Submersible Catastrophic Event [Video] OceanGate Titan Submersible catastrophic event happened last Sunday when the vessel suffered an implosion, killing everyone on board. OceanGate is a company that specializes in Read More » Janet Grace Ortigas June 27, 2023 No Comments Giraffes Drink Pee to Find Out if It’s Time to Mate The giraffe is the world’s tallest mammal with its towering legs and long necks. Their legs alone are almost six A Bright Green Comet to Make a Possible Once in a Lifetime Appearance A comet discovered less than a year ago is set to start 2023 off by making some history. The cosmic Scientists Reveal the Secret Behind Glass Frogs Scientists have finally revealed the secret behind one group of tree frogs — the glass frogs. These paperclip-size amphibians have Editorials Politics Rep. Colin Allred Declares Intent to Unseat Ted Cruz in 2024 [Video] Cathy Milne-Ware May 5, 2023 No Comments Democrat Rep. Colin Allred intends to unseat Sen. Ted Cruz in 2024. In the May 3 announcement video, he challenges Read More » Emancipation Grief Is Disrespectful Cherese Jackson December 24, 2022 1 Comment Grief is so disrespectful. It hits you like a wrecking ball. No respect for you, your schedule, plans or relationships. Read More » Common Sense OTC Narcan Is Akin to Bandaging a Gaping Wound Cathy Milne-Ware April 2, 2023 No Comments The FDA approved Narcan (naloxone) to be sold over the counter (OTC) to reverse an opioid overdose rapidly. How did Read More » Copyright 2023 | We Support Phalanx Family Services & St Agatha Catholic Church Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Powered by Frackle Media