Road Warrior Creative is Now Equalize Digital - Equalize Digital Skip to main content Skip to footer Did you know we build bespoke, accessible WordPress websites? Book a Consultation → Equalize DigitalWebsite Accessibility Consulting, Training, and DevelopmentMy Account Checkout Menu Services Bespoke Websites Accessibility Audits User Testing Accessibility Remediation Accessibility Monitoring Web Accessibility Training Accessibility for Agencies Accessibility Checker Overview Features Pricing Documentation Support Buy Now Company About Us Our Team Certified B Corporation Industry Expertise Blog WordPress Accessibility Meetup Accessibility Statement Contact Become An Affiliate Events How can we help? My Account Checkout Home / Road Warrior Creative is Now Equalize DigitalRoad Warrior Creative is Now Equalize DigitalRoad Warrior Creative, a boutique digital marketing agency founded by Amber Hinds and Chris Hinds in 2015, has officially merged with Equalize Digital, Inc. We are excited by the possibilities that this change brings, and are thrilled to bring our customers with us on this journey. New Name, Same Team For over a decade, we have offered website design, development, and maintenance, and digital marketing services to a wide variety of organizations. While operating as Road Warrior Creative, a clear pattern emerged: We always put user experience first, whether it was a small landing page for a customer campaign, or a massive web application for the public sector. Since our early days, we’ve had the opportunity to experience first-hand the importance of accessible websites. This experience evolved into a passion and a calling. From our desire to make a larger impact within the world of web design and development, Equalize Digital and Accessibility Checker were born. We are still the same team and we still deliver a lot of the same services to a group of amazing customers, the majority of whom have been with us for years. While we do plan to provide these services to legacy customers for the foreseeable future, we are not accepting new digital marketing customers at this time. At a Glance We have always put user experience first Our passion for accessibility is now reflected in our brand and products We are maintaining the same team and core values We still offer digital marketing services to our existing customers Our Vision One day, all people will have equal access to information and tools on the internet, regardless of ability. New Product & Service Offerings Equalize Digital provides Automated Accessibility Testing, Accessibility Audits & Remediation, and Bespoke WordPress Websites and Web Applications that happen to be accessible. Whether you need urgent accessibility help or are planning a new website or application and want to ensure it is accessible to people of all abilities, our unique combination of native automated testing software and expert accessibility consultants make us a leader in WordPress accessibility. Everyone, including our legacy digital marketing customers, is welcome to explore our service and product offerings, and to reach out if you have any questions. Browse Our Services About Our Testing Software We’re Still a Certified B Corporation Creating a positive impact through our work and making the world a better place through social and environmental sustainability is still at the core of who we are. That is why we have maintained our certification status through this transition. Learn more about Equalize Digital’s status as a Certified B Corporation. Easier, Faster Accessibility Testing Equalize Digital Accessibility Checker gives you real-time accessibility feedback in the WordPress editor. Learn accessibility and make fixes earlier in the dev and content creation process. Full-site accessibility scanning without the per page fees. Get Accessibility Checker Footer Your WordPress accessibility team. Accessibility plugins, rapid audits, and consulting to help you make your website usable by people of all abilities. FacebookGitHubLinkedInTwitter Company About Equalize Digital WordPress Accessibility Meetup Certified B Corporation Accessibility Statement Blog Events Contact Us Services Website Development Accessibility Audits User Testing Remediation Ongoing Monitoring Accessibility Training For Agencies Accessibility Checker Features Pricing Documentation How to Get Support My Account Affiliate Dashboard Become an Affiliate © 2024 Equalize Digital · Privacy Policy · Terms of Service · Plugin Terms & Refund Policy