The Behavioural Insights Team Skip to content FR LAC Search Search Menu Our expertise Our services Insights ResourcesOur blogPodcastsReportsEventsWorking papers About us Who we areOur peopleWho we work withCareersOur locationsMediaHow we work Contact us Search Search The Behavioural Insights Team About us At BIT, we improve lives and communities by helping all levels of government, private sector and philanthropy businesses tackle their biggest challenges. We offer a selection of behavioural science consultancy and services to help clients across multiple sectors to gain an understanding of their audience and create strategies that will help them to scale their business effectively. Our Services What we do Our Clients and Partners At BIT we use Behavioural Insights to help clients across a variety of industries, from the Education and Health sectors to working with businesses that focus on Economy, Sustainability and Government. Discover some of the clients we have worked with. Behavioural Science Consultancy At BIT we work with a range of clients and partners, offering expert behavioural science consultancy that yields results. Discover how giving your clients a gentle nudge using research and data focused on human behaviour can help your business to scale within your industry thanks to The Behavioural Insights Team. "BIT provided excellent advice, theoretical and technical guidance with a tight project management approach." Leonie Gibbs Senior Policy Advisor, Department of Transport, Western Australia "BIT was the perfect partner. Their team of unrivalled experts worked collaboratively with us to understand our strategy and shape outputs that met our needs. We're delighted with the final output, which has delivered clarity to support our decision making." Susanna Eriksson-Lee Evaluation Lead, Impact on Urban Health, UK "BIT became an invaluable part of our team and were instrumental to our success. They were responsive, understood and helped us navigate our constraints and were fun to work with." City of Racine, Wisconsin What Works Cities Economic Mobility Initiative, US “A great team of behavioural science experts with a clear vision, structure and knowledge on how to meet expected deliverables – especially when working in fast paced and challenging environments.” Đorđe Novakovic Emergency Risk Communication Expert, WHO West Pacific, Malaysia “The team was friendly and easy to communicate with. They were also very adaptable, responding quickly to changes in scope and quickly developing new ideas – which included running the whole experiment in a tight timeline to feed into overall project deadlines.” Alastair Down Senior Policy Advisor, Cabinet Office, UK New publication 20th Mar 2023 A Manifesto for Applying Behavioral Science 10 new proposals to enable behavioural science to truly fulfill its potential for improving lives and societies View More Featured work and events BIT Review 2021-2022 A showcase of our latest work including peace building in Nigeria, training school leaders in Guatemala, understanding panic buying, sustainable commuting and reducing dangerous driving Report 25th Jan 2023 How to build a Net Zero society Tackling climate change is not only a moral and legal obligation but is the growth opportunity of the 21st century and is backed by huge public support Interested in working with BIT? At BIT we pride ourselves on working with a variety of clients, helping them to achieve personalised goals that set their business apart. If you are looking to take your business to the next level using behavioural insights and science to create increases across specific areas of your business, BIT is the ideal place for you. Get in Touch We'd love to chat Latest News and Insights Find out more with the latest News and insights from BIT with The Behavioural Insights Team Blog. Discover tips that can help to scale your business or news from our clients that provide additional understanding of what we do and how it works. Our Blogs Blog 5th Mar 2024 I Know It Like The Back of My Hand: How overconfident are we really? Before guessing, participants’ average confidence was 71%. Once they were faced with the grid, some doubt kicked-in, but not enough: participants were still 64% confident on average, significantly higher than… Blog 29th Feb 2024 Should we ban mobile phones in schools? Blog 12th Feb 2024 BIT’s Roadmap for AI & BI Blog 8th Feb 2024 Homicides and mental health: understanding systemic patterns Blog 6th Feb 2024 Social media and youth violence: Acknowledging the complexity Blog 6th Feb 2024 “Together for a safer internet”: how and why we should put children and young people at the heart of designing future internet policy Blog 5th Feb 2024 UK joins the war on disposable vapes Blog 1st Feb 2024 Behavioural Science in Latin America and the Caribbean: BIT's Journey and Vision for 2024 and beyond Blog 26th Jan 2024 From Statistics to Solutions: The Urgency of Youth Violence Prevention Blog 25th Jan 2024 ChatGOV: Will people trust AI tools to help them use public services? Subscribe to Our Newsletter Today Discover the latest insights and news from BIT today with our useful newsletter, providing key information for businesses interested in using Behavioural Science and Insights to improve their business offerings, or for those looking for some helpful industry tips. Sign Up For Our Latest Updates Subscribe Now Our latest reports Report 5th Mar 2024 Leveraging behavioural insights to understand the challenges faced by local authorities in developing a specific type of permanent social housing in France (known as 'pensions de famille') Also available in: Français Report 5th Mar 2024 Comment encourager la participation des femmes au dépistage du cancer du sein via la plateforme Mon espace santé ? Report 5th Mar 2024 How can we encourage women to get screened for breast cancer through the national digital medical platform Mon espace santé? Read more Discover Innovation with Nesta Learn about their work Where You Can Find Us London Manchester New York Paris Singapore Sydney Toronto Washington D.C. Discover The Behavioural Insights Team Today Including Behavioural Insights in your next business strategy couldn’t be easier with BIT. Get in touch with our team of experts today to discover how we can help you, or check out our blog for more insight into what we do. Media Our locations Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy Cyber certification Carbon reduction plan Sign up to our newsletter Email address I would like to receive email updates from the Behavioural Insights Team about its work. Sign up LinkedIn Twitter Spotify Apple Podcasts YouTube Instagram Medium © Behavioural Insights Team. All rights reserved. Design and development by Soapbox