Windows Central - News, Reviews & Help on Windows 10, Windows 11, Xbox & more Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Windows Central Windows Central Search Search Windows Central Subscribe RSS US EditionUSUKAustraliaCanadaIndia No offers found Windows Surface & PC Reviews Xbox & PC Gaming How To ⭐ Deals ⭐ Forums More Podcasts About Windows Central TrendingHelldivers 2Windows 11 24H2Upcoming PC gamesMicrosoft Copilot MinecraftBest Laptops with Numberpads Latest News Windows 10 still has more than double the market share of Windows 11, and that doesn't look like it will change any time soon Sean Endicott published 5 March 24 Windows vs Windows Windows 10 support ends in October 2025, making the current market share numbers look concerning to Microsoft. Elon Musk says we're on the verge of the biggest technology revolution with AI, but there won't be enough power by 2025 Kevin Okemwa published 5 March 24 NO POWER Musk admits that he's never seen anything advance faster than AI. It's not just mechs: Helldivers 2 leaks show Halo Warthog-style vehicles and APCs, too Brendan Lowry published 4 March 24 Keep Rollin' Helldivers 2's upcoming mechs have appeared in various leaked gameplay videos, but they're not the only vehicles players have gotten their hands on. Palworld is still improving as new updates continue to fix known issues Colton Stradling published 4 March 24 Pals updated Palworld took the world by storm, and while still in Game Preview the devs are hard at work to make the game the best it can be. Good news: Helldivers 2 daily orders are finally back, so now everyone has a little something extra to fight for Brendan Lowry published 4 March 24 Spoils of War Helldivers 2's daily orders have been MIA for a few weeks, but now they're back and available once more. Windows 11's best free utility app just got a MASSIVE update Sean Endicott published 4 March 24 So powerful PowerToys can now map shortcuts to start an application through Keyboard Manager. Windows 11's best free utility app just got a MASSIVE update PowerToys can now map shortcuts to start an application through Keyboard Manager. So powerful Read Arrowhead CEO's epic response when a console fanboy tries to drag Xbox and Halo fans over Helldivers 2 Console fanboy gets dragged for a silly comparison. For democracy I actually hate the new Outlook for Windows I've been using Microsoft's new Outlook email client for Windows 11 and Windows 10 for the last few months... and it sucks. Thanks, Web Palworld is still improving as new updates continue to fix known issues Palworld updates 0.1.5.1 and 0.1.5.0 recently released addressing known bugs and glitches continuing to improve the game. Pals updated This Excel trick I saw on Instagram will save me HOURS each month and make tracking attendance a breeze Tracking attendance of my American football team will never be the same. Tracking data It's not just mechs: Helldivers 2 leaks show Halo Warthog-style vehicles and APCs, too Mechs might not be the only vehicle type coming to Helldivers 2. Keep Rollin' What is 94fbr Minecraft, and is it safe? The name of this illegally modded version carries unusual origins. 94fbr What games we're playing on gaming handhelds this March: Steam Deck, ROG Ally, and Legion Go Here's what the Windows Central gaming team is playing on their handhelds this month. Roundup Colorful RTX 4070 Super NB EX 12GB-V review: Designed for 1440p gaming Colorful's 4070 Super has a bold design, and it delivers terrific performance. Review Get the Windows Central NewsletterAll the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Grid List Windows & Software How to keep system and apps up to date on Windows 11 By Mauro Huculak published 5 March 24 Beginners On Windows 11, you can update the system, apps, drivers, and Microsoft products, and in this guide, I will teach you how. Beginners AI-powered chatbots are better at solving math problems if you use positive reinforcement or make models believe they are Captain Kirk or Spock from Star Trek By Kevin Okemwa published 4 March 24 LIVE LONG AND PROSPER 🖖 A group of scientists from VMware recently discovered that AI-powered chatbots respond better to math-related queries if you tell them to pretend they are on Star Trek. LIVE LONG AND PROSPER 🖖 11 Features you're not using on Microsoft Edge, but you probably should By Mauro Huculak published 2 March 24 Suggestions Here's a list of 11 lesser features you should start using on Microsoft Edge, from free VPN to performance optimizer, web apps, vertical tabs, screenshot capture, split screen, and more. Suggestions Elon Musk sues OpenAI and CEO Sam Altman for "stark betrayal of the founding agreement" and opting to go the for-profit way By Kevin Okemwa published 1 March 24 MUSK ON AI Elon Musk isn't happy with OpenAI's operations and its heavy focus on profits and revenue generation. MUSK ON AI AI-generated articles have no place on the web: Wikipedia and Google consider complacent publications generally unreliable in seismic shift By Kevin Okemwa published 1 March 24 BIG FUMBLE CNET's ranking on Wikipedia has taken a major hit after the publication started publishing AI-generated articles in 2022. It has now been ranked as generally unreliable on the platforms. BIG FUMBLE VIEW MORE WINDOWS & SOFTWARE Grid List PC Hardware XPS 15 deal discounts Ultrabook by $510 to kick off Dell Tech Fest, saving you a ton on an RTX 4060 laptop By Sean Endicott published 5 March 24 Super savings Dell Tech Fest just started. The event slashes hundreds of dollars off the price of XPS, Inspiron, and other PCs. The Dell XPS 15 is up to $510 off right now. Super savings Microsoft has a free upgrade for your $8,999 Surface By Sean Endicott published 28 February 24 For free?! You can now upgrade Surface Hub 2S to the new Teams Rooms experience. For free?! Best CPU for NVIDIA RTX 3060 in 2024 By Ben Wilson last updated 28 February 24 Updated Pair a suitable processor with NVIDIA's affordable 30-Series graphics card with my best CPU for 3060 picks. Updated Best motherboard for AMD Ryzen 5 5600X in 2024 By Ben Wilson last updated 28 February 24 Updated AMD's Ryzen 5 5600X is arguably the most affordable mid-range, 8-core processor, but which is the best motherboard to match? Here are my picks. Updated As we march closer to a Surface Pro 10, Microsoft's Surface Pro 7 reaches end of support By Sean Endicott published 28 February 24 Out of support The Surface Pro 7 will no longer receive firmware or driver updates, but it will keep getting Windows feature and security updates for a while. Out of support Best Intel LGA 1700 motherboards 2023 By Ben Wilson last updated 28 February 24 Z690 We found the best Z690 chipset boards with the LGA 1700 Intel socket. Z690 VIEW MORE PC HARDWARE Meet the team Daniel Rubino Editor-in-Chief Rebecca Spear Editor — Gaming, Tech Jez Corden Managing Editor — News, Gaming Ben Wilson Channel Editor — Tech Zachary Boddy Staff Writer — Tech, Gaming Richard Devine Managing Editor — Tech, Reviews Jennifer Young Contributor — Commerce, Gaming Mauro Hucalak Windows How-To Expert Zac Bowden Senior Editor — Windows Brendan Lowry Contributor — Tech, Gaming Sean Endicott Staff Writer — News Grid List Xbox & PC Gaming Is the ROG Ally a good gaming handheld for kids? By Colton Stradling published 5 March 24 Kids Ally Want to get your kids into PC gaming but don't want to buy them a full gaming rig? The ASUS ROG Ally is a great option to get kids started on Windows. Kids Ally The Thaumaturge review: a monster taming RPG with a mature, dark, and moody twist By Cole Martin last updated 5 March 24 Review Fool's Theory and 11 bit studios have released The Thaumaturge, a story driven RPG set in 1905 Warsaw, Poland that gives monster taming a gothic makeover. Review Halo TV series Season 2, Episode 5 review — Healing and hope By Samuel Tolbert published 4 March 24 Review Episode 5 of Halo The Series Season 2 takes a step back from the action to examine the cast in the wake of disaster. Review Outlast becoming a terrifying, story-driven multiplayer game was not on my bingo card for 2024 By Arielle Danan published 4 March 24 Review The Outlast Trials is out, and for the first time in a while, a horror game had my heart beating and palms sweating. Review It seems the MSI Claw gaming handheld is releasing this week — I'm curious to see if its performance is better than early benchmarks suggest By Rebecca Spear published 4 March 24 Launching soon! MSI Claw is the upcoming Windows gaming handheld that features an Intel Core Ultra processor. According to a retailer listing, it seems the handheld could be releasing this week. Launching soon! VIEW MORE GAMING Grid List Accessories From cheap universal storage to high-speed data transfers, these flash drives get the job done for me By Zachary Boddy published 29 February 24 The Best PNY has long been the most reliable for great flash drive storage. I've been testing two of PNY's newest flash drives to see if that's still the case. The Best Dell Ultrasharp 34 Curved Thunderbolt Hub Monitor (U3425WE) review: Built-in KVM, 120Hz, and plenty of ports make for a fantastic multitasking display By Rebecca Spear published 27 February 24 Review The latest Dell Ultrasharp 34 Curved Monitor features a Thunderbolt Hub and reaches 120Hz. But is it worth buying? Our review. Review XP-Pen Artist Pro 16 (Gen 2) review: Challenging the limits of pen display technology By Cole Martin published 26 February 24 Review Do we need a pen with 16,000 points of pressure? Probably not. But it certainly feels good, anyway. Review Best smart lights for gaming 2024: Add colorful lighting to your game room By Rebecca Spear last updated 26 February 24 RGB Gaming Colorful lighting can come in the form of light panels, modular lines, RGB fans, light strips, and more. RGB Gaming Lenovo just announced a ton of PCs, but don't let these accessories get lost in the shuffle By Sean Endicott published 25 February 24 On the go The ThinkVision M14t Gen 2 and Lenovo USB-C Slim Travel Dock look like perfect travel companions for business people on the go. On the go Best gaming monitors 2024: All the best displays for every need and budget By Zachary Boddy last updated 23 February 24 Gaming Monitors No matter your needs or budget, we have you covered with our list of the best gaming monitors for Windows PCs and Xbox consoles. Gaming Monitors VIEW MORE ACCESSORIES Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility statement Careers Licensing About us Newsletter Advertising inquiries Android Central iMore © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.