Catholic News, Commentary, Information, Resources, and the Liturgical Year | Catholic Culture CatholicCulture.org HOME News Home Important Popular Week Month Archives About CWN Commentary Home Quick Hits Reviews On the Good Most Popular Archives Liturgical Year Today Blog March Calendar March Overview Lent Season Overview Prayers Activities Recipes Resources Home Library What You Need to Know Catholic Dictionary Catechism Church Fathers Most Collection Free eBooks Podcasts Home The Catholic Culture Podcast Catholic Culture Audiobooks Way of the Fathers Criteria: The Catholic Film Podcast Connect Home Social Media eNewsletters Site Tour Feeds Contact Us Subscribe/Login Donate Featured Content Benedict XVI’s gift of wonder to the Church (Dr. Jeff Mirus) Cabrini secularizes a saint (Thomas V. Mirus) Human and Divine Wrath (Fr. Jerry Pokorsky) Teaching America to fear Christians (Phil Lawler) Strange news that makes you think strange things... (Dr. Jeff Mirus) A loss for Vatican news coverage (Phil Lawler) 4.7 The Heresies – Modalism: God as a Monad with Three Names (Dr. James Papandrea) What happened to the Christianity of the apostles? (Dr. Jeff Mirus) Kiarostami: blurring the line between documentary and fiction (Criteria: The Catholic Film Podcast) Catholic ethicists decry lax ‘brain-death’ standards [Exclusive] CWN Endgame for a papacy of contradictions (Phil Lawler) The Transfiguration Embodiment Game (Fr. Jerry Pokorsky) On Chesterton’s thrilling (and accurate) account of man (Dr. Jeff Mirus) If Peter is the rock, where is the Pope? (Phil Lawler) 174—Medieval Mystery Plays w/ Gregory Roper (Catholic Culture Podcast) Coming soon to a parish near you? (Phil Lawler) Taking the grace of God in vain? Lent can help. (Dr. Jeff Mirus) Back-to-Basics Lenten Resolutions (Fr. Jerry Pokorsky) ICYMI: another consolidation of power in Rome (Phil Lawler) St. Francis de Sales—Introduction to the Devout Life | Part 5 & Conclusion (James T. Majewski) 173—Chastity, Integrity and the Desert Fathers—Bishop Erik Varden (Catholic Culture Podcast) Free eBook: Free eBook: The Books of the New Testament Daily Content Lent: March 5th Tuesday of the Third Week of Lent The point at which we most quickly become Pharisees is in refusing forgiveness. Failing often in greater or lesser ways, everyone must constantly ask forgiveness of God and men. Besides, the duty of forgiveness is binding upon all... More Check this space throughout today for emerging news headlines and commentary. Today's readings Benedict XVI’s gift of wonder to the Church (Dr. Jeff Mirus) France makes abortion a constitutional right Jerusalem patriarch pleads for ceasefire in Gaza Attorneys general warn YouTube on ‘misleading’ abortion videos Church officials seek international help as Haiti chaos spreads Pope highlights ‘gratuitousness’ in Christian charity Belgian bishops face bruising questions at abuse inquiry ‘Terrified’ pro-life student group needs police protection from mob at English university Catholic leaders in Venezuela skeptical of Maduro’s election promises Chaldean Catholic Patriarch finds ‘surprising’ welcome in Saudi Arabia Lapsed Italian Catholics reverting to ancient Roman gods, seers and sorcerers German ‘church tax’ revenues will plummet, canonist warns Federal court greenlights destruction of sacred Native American site Appeals court permits enforcement of Indiana law protecting minors from transgender procedures Knife-wielding woman breaks into Omaha rectory ‘Non-liturgical’ blessings do not exist, theologian argues Cardinal Gregory: Political polarization has ‘infected’ Church See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: March 4th Monday of the Third Week of Lent; Optional Memorial of Saint Casimir The Liturgy today is concerned with Baptism. Water by itself cannot cleanse leprosy; but God can use it to do so. If God can cleanse the leprosy of the body with water there is no reason why he cannot use it to wash leprosy of soul.... More Today's readings Human and Divine Wrath (Fr. Jerry Pokorsky) Cabrini secularizes a saint (Thomas V. Mirus) Vatican City judicial year opens with papal call for justice Angelus address: ‘greater sense of home and less of a sense of the market’ Message for 1st World Children’s Day: ‘be united with Jesus’ and ‘pray a lot’ Pope encourages bereaved parents to find comfort in prayer Church leaders condemn attack on civilians in Gaza 70th motu proprio of pontificate modifies proper law of Apostolic Signatura Mozambique: Christians fleeing Islamist terror ‘only bring what they can carry,’ bishop says German chancellor meets with Pontiff Recovering from bronchitis, Pope renews call for end of Gaza conflict Theme of 2nd Lenten sermon to Curia: ‘I am the light of the world’ Church Militant, crippled by defamation judgment, to cease operations Laws in 13 US states could threaten IVF business See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: March 3rd Third Sunday of Lent Jesus answered and said to her, "Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again; but whoever drinks the water I shall give will never thirst; the water I shall give will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal... More Sunday: a day of rest. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Lent: March 2nd Saturday of the Second Week of Lent The Roman Martyrology commemorates Blessed Charles the Good (1083-1127), the Danish prince, son of the holy King Canuto IV, gained the crown of the Count of Flanders from his maternal lineage. After an initial brief... More It's the weekend! Catch up on the news and commentary from the week, or check out this selection from our Resources library for your weekend reading. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Catholics United on Brain Death and Organ Donation: A... (Joseph M. Eble, John A. Di Camillo, Peter J. Colosi) Lent: March 1st Friday of the Second Week of Lent Today’s first reading and Gospel draw a parallel between Joseph, sold into slavery by his brothers and Jesus, the well-beloved Son of the Father, put to death by the religious leaders of the Jews. Together with the prediction of the... More Today's readings Gender ideology is ‘ugliest danger,’ Pope says Embrace vulnerability, identify with Christ, Pope says Russian bishops: no blessings for irregular relationships French bishops ‘saddened’ by vote to include abortion in constitution Vatican diplomat urges UN Human Rights Council to address religious-freedom violations US bishops announce strong opposition to Access to Family Building Act Traditionalist fraternity encouraged by Pope at meeting Pope’s Holy Week, Triduum schedule leaves no concession to recent illness Pope has full day of appointments after going to hospital for tests March papal prayer intention: for martyrs of our time Vatican foreign minister, in Turkey, laments persecution of Christians World Day of Prayer highlights plight of Palestinian Christian women See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 29th Thursday of the Second Week of Lent Today's Station Church is St. Mary in Trastevere, rebuilt in the twelfth century. After St. Mary Major, it is considered the most beautiful church dedicated to Our Lady in Rome. The thought expressed in today’s first... More Today's readings A loss for Vatican news coverage (Phil Lawler) Strange news that makes you think strange things... (Dr. Jeff Mirus) Teaching America to fear Christians (Phil Lawler) Let Jesus guide efforts to protect rights, Pope tells Argentine judges Pope warns Armenia’s bishops against ecclesiastical ambition Cardinal Burke launches novena for ‘a very troubled time’ France advances pro-abortion amendment to constitution ‘Demos II’—identified as cardinal—writes ‘profile of the next Pope’ Spanish archdiocese decries same-sex wedding in Catholic chapel Ukrainian Church opens beatification cause for former leader Papal condemnation of landmines Bishop named for troubled French archdiocese Haitian bishop recovering in Miami after explosion at home Man breaks into, vandalizes Oregon monastery Vatican overturns Canadian archbishop’s decision to close parish Group of US, Canadian, Latin American bishops hold summit In Alaska, permanent deacons are primary spiritual leaders in remote villages See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 28th Wednesday of the Second Week of Lent The Stational Church today is St. Cecilia in Trastevere where the body of the illustrious martyr is preserved. The Gospel reminds us of the necessity of sharing in the sufferings of Christ, to “drink of His chalice” in... More Today's readings 4.7 The Heresies – Modalism: God as a Monad with Three Names (Dr. James Papandrea) Pope, at general audience, warns against envy and vainglory Vatican spokesman: Ratzinger CDF document is ‘important precedent’ for Fiducia Supplicans Pope briefly hospitalized for tests Cardinal Parolin frightened by French leader’s mention of troops in Ukraine The courage of Christian martyrs is a blessing for everyone, Pope says Outrage in Poland prompts Vatican to give reason for bishop’s resignation Following Texas suit, USCCB committee chairman defends Catholic efforts to serve migrants 400 violent attacks on Catholic churches in US Sierra Leone’s leading prelate laments decline of Sacrament of Penance Cardinal Nichols forbids traditional Latin Mass during Triduum Vatican newspaper draws attention to plight of Kenya’s Ogiek people See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 27th Tuesday of the Second Week of Lent; Opt. Mem. of St. Gregory of Narek, Abbot & Doctor of the Church Jesus’ condemnation of religious externalism, hypocrisy and vanity is not meant to correct only the Pharisees of his time. It is also directed at us. We should look into our Lenten practices of piety and works of charity and see... More Today's readings Kiarostami: blurring the line between documentary and fiction (Criteria: The Catholic Film Podcast) What happened to the Christianity of the apostles? (Dr. Jeff Mirus) Catholic ethicists decry lax ‘brain-death’ standards [Exclusive] Vatican prelate clarifies: Catholicism incompatible with Masonry Pope condemns bloodshed in Burkina Faso and calls for peace Cardinal reinstates lay charismatic leader who admitted abuse Uruguay: bishop clarifies blessing for same-sex couple Congo cardinal questions EU support for Rwandan mining Papal appeal for just and lasting peace in Ukraine, prayer for nations suffering from violence, cold Ethiopian monastery attacked; 4 monks slain Philippine shrine designated an international shrine USCCB committee chairman calls for humanitarian aid to Ukraine, rues Russian persecution of Church Finnish study disputes reported link between ‘trans’ identity, youth suicide Palestinian-American wins international peace prize Brazilian study warns Catholic ‘digital influencers’ spurn bishops Women Synod participants share reflections in webinars See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 26th Monday of the Second Week of Lent The greatest proof of Christ's charity was given on the Cross. With Christ our gift of ourselves will be given to God as an expression of our love. Communion will lift our human activities up to God's level, not only in will and... More Today's readings The Transfiguration Embodiment Game (Fr. Jerry Pokorsky) Endgame for a papacy of contradictions (Phil Lawler) Gunmen open fire during Mass in Burkina Faso village; at least 15 dead Angelus address: ‘Never direct your eyes away from the light of Jesus’ Ailing Pope again cancels audiences India’s bishops urge voters to keep country secular Malawi president’s leadership has failed, bishops say Six religious, one priest kidnapped in Haiti Polish archbishop, charged with neglect, resigns Pontiff, Curial officials conclude retreat Pope cancels meeting with Rome’s deacons due to mild flu, Vatican says Church mediates truce in Mexican drug-cartel conflict Cardinal Sarah urges unity within Church Poison in priest’s chalice seen as Mafia threat Bishop explains Christian vision at Dubai interfaith event New major seminary opens in Vietnam Papal prayer for Valencia fire victims Tennessee governor signs law allowing potential officiants to refuse to solemnize a marriage Theme of 1st Lenten sermon to Curia: ‘I am the bread of life’ Vatican diplomat advocates for women More than 1,000 children take part in Via Crucis for peace in Jerusalem Vatican newspaper downplays lunar landing See more news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 25th Second Sunday of Lent Between Moses and Elias Jesus shows forth His divine glory, thus foreshadowing His resurrection. He is the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end of all things. Today's Mass places before us the transfigured Lord and the model... More Sunday: a day of rest. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Lent: February 24th Saturday of the First Week of Lent; Ember Saturday It is Ember Saturday of Lent or Spring Embertide. See Contemporary Observation of Ember Days and Lenten... More It's the weekend! Catch up on the news and commentary from the week, or check out this selection from our Resources library for your weekend reading. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets The Moral Uncertainty of “Brain Death” (Dr. Joseph M. Eble) Find us on Social Media. Free eBook: Free eBook: The Books of the New Testament Subscribe to Insights...free! News, analysis & spirituality by email twice-weekly from CatholicCulture.org. First name: Last name: Email address: Shop: Roman Catholic "RC" Brand Original Black Logo Collection Embroidered Beanie - Black | Multiple colors available! Find us on Social Media. About This Site | Terms and Conditions | Privacy | User Conduct | Help/FAQ | Contact Us Copyright © 2024 Trinity Communications. All rights reserved.