Billings Gazette | Breaking News | Read Billings, MT and Montana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 24° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State 406 Politics Business Nation & World Last 24 hours History News Tip Wildfires Obituaries Share a Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a Letter Letters Guest/Columnists Sports High School Big Sky Conference College Scoreboard Professional Betting Rodeo Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Music Movies & TV Games Contests Comics Columns Play People Montana Untamed Food Health Parenting Home & Garden People Pets Faith Celebrations Travel Outdoors Ski Report Your Shots Just for Kids Bear Cam Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Advertise Shop Local I Love A Deal Billings Gazette Store Public Notices Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Advertising info Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs Wildfires 24° Partly Cloudy Parties still fielding legislative candidates ahead of filing deadline A third of the races don’t yet have a Democratic candidate, while 20% of contests don’t have a Republican running so far. Democrats rally around Jon Tester at glitzy annual fundraising dinner The unified force behind Tester was palpable, until two pro-Palestine protesters stood up and interrupted his speech. 'Source of pride': Blackfeet Nation repatriates dress from 1890s “It’s a big source of pride to bring something like this home. This is us practicing self-government and sovereignty," said Tyson Running Wolf. 'She's been a beacon': Blackfeet Nation to host 'Lily Gladstone Day' March 26 “She’s been a beacon, especially for our youth to know that success is out there,” said Councilman Robert DesRosier. “We really embrace her.” Montana’s public virtual school releases guidebook to help educators incorporate AI Montana Digital Academy released a guide to help teachers leverage the potential benefits of the technology while also safeguarding against some of the risks it brings. Photo: Mobile home damaged by fire on Stone Street The Billings Fire Department battles a fire that heavily damaged a mobile home at 3214 Stone Street at 5:15 a.m. Monday. Montana Poet Laureate says Yellowstone making progress on re-indigenization The opportunity to be a representative at the All Nations Teepee Village was “transcendent,” Chris La Tray said, noting his people and others have been a part of the region for thousands of years. Metra stabbing suspect nabbed by authorities BPD officers turned the suspect over to Yellowstone County Sheriff's Office, which has jurisdiction over MetraPark. Photo: Man stabbed during basketball tournament at MetraPark A man was severely injured after being stabbed during an altercation at the Southern B Basketball Tournament at MetraPark on Friday night. Fissure widens between Zinke, Rosendale as budget unfolds Rosendale, true to his weeks-long rant against the short-term funding vote, was one of 97 Republicans voting against keeping the government open. Legislative leaders ask Supreme Court to reverse attorney fee decision "We are urging the court to reconsider and modify its decision to correct those errors and avoid unintended consequences," Montana's Senate President and House Speaker said Friday. Billings couple donate $1 million to Yellowstone Art Museum Deborah Anspach and John Hanson have made the single largest gift in the museum's history, something they're hoping will inspire others to join in before they "cool to room temperature." Search for spilled asphalt on Yellowstone River to be widespread this spring, official says The effect of the asphalt spill on fish in the river is still being studied with results not expected until May. PSC districts likely gerrymandered, judge rules “SB 109 was intended to secure a partisan advantage for Republican candidates for PSC, and to limit the influence of voters not inclined to vote for Republican PSC candidates.” Health department under corrective plan for delayed SNAP applications Federal officials said Montana is "severely out of compliance" for timely handling of food assistance requests. The Jake Five: Dune 2 others as you would have them Dune 2 you Here's all you can do in Billings this week (if you have any downtime between repeated screenings of "Dune: Part 2.") Billings advocates disagree on best approach to address domestic violence victims Initiatives through the courts and criminal justice system seek to address the issues — and, in the process, demonstrate ideological rifts when it comes to where to focus resources. New YesterYears location is a step back in time — in more ways than one The antique mall is reopening in the Hart-Albin building, filling the space the store vacated 30 years ago. The massive, month-long move went smoothly, thanks in part to TIF funding. 'Leaplings' welcomed as Billings' Leap Year babies at St. Vincent Eden LaCombe doesn't know it yet, but her birthday is a pretty unique one. In fact, she's automatically part of an elite group of people dubbed "Leaplings," people who are born on Leap Day. Woman arrested as suspect in Shepherd homicide Quaid Fluckiger, 24, died Wednesday in a Billings hospital, according to a statement from Yellowstone County Sheriff Mike Linder. Billings man convicted of murder in fatal Colonial shooting Jurors had to consider in their verdict was whether Pretty On Top killed Chaney under mitigating circumstances, specifically while under extreme duress. Montana judge strikes down 20-week abortion ban, other abortion laws “Under the guise of concern for the patient, they invade the private ‘treatment room,’ imposing severe burdens ... without clear justification supported by credible evidence." $40M donation benefits Yellowstone housing projects The donation was announced Thursday by the National Park Foundation and National Park Service. Work on the new units in Yellowstone is set to begin later this year. Blowing snow returns through the weekend Winds pick up and snow moves back in as we head through the weekend. Family in defense: The years-long neighborhood feud that ended with a crash The Schieles' neighbor, Paul Ailport, transformed in front of them — from once selling the family their current car, to trying to kill them with his. Family fight leads to car chase through most of Billings The incident started when police were called about a possible kidnapping at the 4200 block of State Avenue on Billings South Side. Vital voices: How one nonprofit is helping hunters and anglers join the conservation discourse MONTANA UNTAMED: In Montana, the group advocates for protecting large parcels of backcountry fish and wildlife habitat, as well as the opportunity for traditional non-motorized hunting and fishing experiences. Wonky maps minimize voters, sway balance of power in US elections Gerrymandering isn't new, but experts say a small number of pending redistricting battles could help determine which party controls the U.S. House of Representatives after this year's elections. Trial ongoing for Billings man accused of homicide outside Colonial Apartments Prosecutors and defense attorneys have rested their cases in a criminal trial for Melvin Joseph Pretty On Top, who is accused of fatally shooting a man outside the Colonial apartments. Montana utility regulators asked to address climate risks The petition comes seven months after a state District Court ruled that Montana’s government should be evaluating climate risks as part its environmental review before issuing permits. Recommended For You Democrats rally around Jon Tester at glitzy annual fundraising dinner Fissure widens between Zinke, Rosendale as budget unfolds Full Court Press: Montana high school basketball highlights (March 4) The Latest Jury selected for bounty hunt homicide trial in Butte About 120 prospective jurors showed up at the Maroon Activity Center Monday morning and after several hours of questioning, a jury of four men and eight women was chosen. Snowmobilers die in Idaho, Washington avalanches Friday The Boundary County Office of Emergency Management identified the deceased rider as 54-year-old Lance J. Gidley of Sandpoint. Leads exhausted in Prather missing persons case Eva Masin Prather, 43, was first reported missing on Dec. 30 out of Missoula. Photos: Montana Democrats hold annual Mansfield Metcalf Dinner in Helena Party supporters gathered in Helena over the weekend for the Montana Democrats' annual Mansfield Metcalf Dinner. Interact With Us Nurses 2024 Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Latest Video Montana seniors exit home court for final time Highlights: Montana State Bobcats beat Weber State Wildcats on Senior Night Montana Grizzlies coach Bobby Hauck on start of spring football camp Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Sports John Olmsted sparks second-half run as Montana State Bobcats beat Weber State in finale "Really just trying to finish on a high note. Definitely a little bittersweet, but I didn't think any of this was going to happen." John Olmsted Montana State Bobcats escape Weber State in regular season finale “Credit Weber for clawing their way back. But we need to play to win in end of game management.” MSU head coach Tricia Binford Montana seniors exit home court for final time Highlights: Montana State Bobcats beat Weber State Wildcats on Senior Night Seniors Robert Ford III and John Olmsted led the Montana State men’s basketball team to a 76-64 win over Weber State in their final home game as Bobcats on Monday, March 4, 2024, at Worthington Arena in Bozeman. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Contributor Build a stronger Instagram presence with Blastup Contributor Content. Blastup can be your trusted partner in helping to grow your Instagram presence, as it takes the guesswork out of the process, allowing you to hit your goal metrics quickly. Sponsored Ready for new flooring in your home? Rich’s Modern Flooring has you covered Content by Rich’s Modern Flooring. From design services to seasoned installation crews, the team at Rich’s Modern Flooring knows hardwood, luxury vinyl products, tile and quality carpet. Sponsored Did you hear? Hearing is linked to your overall health Content by Big Sky Audiology. Your hearing is linked to your overall physical, mental and emotional well-being, which is why regular testing and early intervention are vital aspects of staying healthy. Sponsored Beloved Montana sportscaster back in the booth after receiving life-saving care at St. Vincent Content by St. Vincent Regional Hospital. St. Vincent Regional Hospital offers a minimally invasive heart valve replacement surgery. Local Businesses Big Sky EDA 222 North 32nd Street Suite 200 , Billings, MT 59101 Website Holy Rosary Healthcare 2600 Wilson St, Miles City, MT 59301 Website Pate Auction Service 2814 Billings Avenue, Helena, MT 59601 Website Print Ads Sale Sunny Media - BHHS Floberg RE - Ad from 2024-03-03 Other Central Wellness - Ad from 2024-03-03 Construction BAM - Your Home Improvement Company - Ad from 2024-03-01 Car Denny Menholt Digital - Ad from 2024-03-03 Sale BIL - DILLARDS/RETAIL - Ad from 2024-03-01 Construction BAM - Your Home Improvement Company - Ad from 2024-03-03 Creative Community Seven - Trade Account - Ad from 2024-03-03 Sale PARKER & COMPANY - Ad from 2024-03-03 Transportation FRIENDSHIP TRAVEL - Ad from 2024-03-03 Food Town & Country Foods Retail - Ad from 2024-02-29 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Sites & Partners I Love A Deal Thrifty Nickel Montana Wheels For You Newspaper special sections Online Features Billings Gazette Store Services Subscribe Advertise E-edition Contact Us Work here Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing © Copyright 2024 Billings Gazette, 401 N Broadway Billings, MT 59101 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe