Refworld | UNHCR's Global Law and Policy Database Skip to main content Change site:EnglishEspañolРусский Refworld Search keywords Apply Search Change site:EnglishEspañolРусский Search keywords Apply Search Login SIGN UP Menu Main navigation About Refworld Back History Mission & Scope Acknowledgements Contact us Browse by Back Country Document Source Document Type Keyword Thematic Area Collections Back Legal Instruments Case law Policy & Guidance Research & Reports UNHCR Back Mandate Protection Manual Publications Search keywords Apply Search Login SIGN UP Search the leading source of legislation, case law and UNHCR guidance on refugees, stateless and internally displaced persons Search Category All Legal Instruments Case Law Policy & Guidance Research & Reports Search Search tips Search UNHCR in Focus View all International Protection Considerations with Regard to People Fleeing the Republic of Iraq, Update I Document source: UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Date: 30 January 2024 Exclusion clauses Gender-based persecution Internal flight alternative (IFA) / Internal relocation alternative (IRA) / Internal protection alternative (IPA) New on Refworld View all Decision 202005668/1/V2 Document source: Netherlands, The: Council of State (Raad van State) Date: 19 January 2022 Religious persecution (including forced conversion) HR-2014-01323-A, (case no. 2014/220) Document source: Norway: Supreme Court Date: 24 June 2014 Illegal entry Browse by Country Document Source Document Type Keyword UNHCR Publications UNHCR Protection Manual Thematic areas View all Your starting point for research on a specific theme Asylum and Migration Children Detention Gender Equality Human Rights Internally Displaced Persons LGBTIQ+ persons / Diverse SOGIESC Protection in Armed Conflict Thematic areas View all Thematic areas View all Search tips × If you are looking for a specific term or document, searching can help you find it quickly. When you search in Refworld, you enter one or more search terms about the item into the basic search box, and you receive search results that match those words. Searching also offers sophisticated options that allow you to narrow your search in a variety of ways, with the most powerful options reserved for the advanced search page. Be as specific as you can when searching for documents, use specific words instead of general ones. Enter words that you think will appear in the documents you want. Refworld indexes all of the words in every document. Refworld's powerful search capabilities will often give you what you're looking for straight away. However, we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the options that follow: Standard search international protection Will return documents containing both the words international and protection (not necessarily together). Assisted search bidoon citizenship By default Refworld uses assisted search to match spelling and other variations. Thus you do not need to know all a word's spellings in order to get maximum relevant results. In the example, as well as bidoon, results with bedoon, bidun, bedoun etc. will also be returned. This is particularly useful when there are related names that are completely different. For instance, the Chocó people of Colombia are also known as Embera and Wounan. Assisted search means that a search for chocó will also include results with embera and wounan (and vice-versa). To override this feature use ~ in front of keywords. In the example, ~bidoon will not include results with bedoon, bidun, bedoun etc. Assisted search also encompasses UK/US spelling variations (e.g. honour/honor), apostrophes (e.g. sharia/shar'ia) and many common hyphenations (e.g. subclan/sub-clan). Exact word or phrase search "complementary protection" Use quotes to search for an exact word or phrase. Wildcard search kar*jong spokes* Use an asterisk * within or after a query term to search for spelling variations or word forms. Note: there must be a minimum of two starting characters before the asterisk. Exclude a word herat -taliban A dash before any query term will exclude that term from search results. In this example search will match herat and exclude results with taliban. To exclude multiple words, use brackets and separate terms with commas, e.g. -(taliban,isaf). Search for either word (fergana,ferghana) To search for documents where one word or another is present, enter keywords in parentheses separated by commas. In this example search will match either fergana or ferghana. Proximity search "case law"~2 To perform a proximity search, add the tilde character ~ and a numeric value to the end of a search phrase. For example, to search for a "case" and "law" within 2 words of each other in a document, search for: "case law"~2 Footer column 1 Core Instruments 1950 UNHCR Statute 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees 1954 Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons 1961 Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees 1969 OAU Refugee Convention 1984 Cartagena Declaration 1998 Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement 2009 AU Kampala Convention on Internal Displacement 2018 Global Compact on Refugees EU Acquis column 2 UNHCR Documents Comments on Legislation Conclusions on International Protection (ExCom) Country Guidance Court Interventions Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Refugee Status Determination Handbook on Protection of Stateless Persons Notes on International Protection column 3 Country of Origin Information Ecoi.net Refworld Tools Legacy Refworld News & Updates Protection Manual Training Manuals column 4 UNHCR Sites Asylum Capacity Support Group Data Portal Global Compact Glossary Refugee Treaty & Legislation Dashboard (RTLD) UNHCR.org Footer bottom Contact Help Privacy Terms of Use © UNHCR 2001-2024