United Nations Foundation | Helping the UN build a better world. Blog Events Media Careers Donate What We Do Issues Initiatives Communities Why We Do It Who We Are Our Mission and History Our Timeline Our Approach Our Board Our People Our Partners Our Financials Get Involved Give Learn Act × #EqualEverywhere 2024 is here #EqualEverywhere brings together businesses, communities, and individuals to demand and insist on gender equality. Join us by adding your voice to the global movement. We won’t stop until girls and women are #EqualEverywhere, every day. Take the Pledge Helping the UN build a better world. Learn More Who We Are We connect people, ideas, and resources to the UN to deliver a better world for all. Learn More Why We Do It The UN has the mission and reach to solve global problems at a time when collective action is needed more than ever. Learn More Sustainable Development Goals More About the SDGs HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN THE MIDDLE EAST UN staff are on the ground providing desperately needed support and assistance to vulnerable communities in Israel and Gaza. Learn More We the Peoples At our annual “We The Peoples” event, awards are presented to an individual or organization demonstrating extraordinary leadership in an ever-changing world. Learn more Our Common Agenda The landmark report from the UN Secretary-General charts a future of greater cooperation. Learn why it’s needed more now than ever, and how UN Foundation helped. Learn More FROM JUSTICE FOR THE FEW TO JUSTICE FOR ALL People-centered justice is a critical component to delivering the Sustainable Development Goals. In this paper, UN Foundation experts explore ways to accelerate our implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Learn more WHAT WE DO We advance human dignity and protect the planet through our work on transformative issues critical to humanity’s shared future. We strive to defend progress already made and unlock the collective promise of the Sustainable Development Goals across interconnected issues, including climate, health, gender equality, human rights, data and technology, peace, and humanitarian response. Issues We help the UN tackle pressing issues facing humanity. Explore the issues Initiatives We incubate initiatives for impact. See our initiatives Communities We build diverse communities to support the UN and its work. Learn about our communities What's New Inside the IPCC: What’s Next for Climate Science Read More What’s Next for Global Climate Adaptation in 2024 Read More What to Expect at This Year’s WHO Executive Board Meeting Read More 5 Global Issues to Watch in 2024 Read More Want to know what we're up to? What We Do Issues Initiatives Communities Why We Do It Overview Who We Are Our Approach Our Financials Our Mission and History Our Partners Get Involved Give Learn Act New York Office United Nations Foundation 320 East 43rd Street, 3rd Floor New York, NY 10017 Phone: 212.697.3315 Washington, D.C. Office United Nations Foundation 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 300 Washington, D.C. 20006 Phone: 202.887.9040 Fax: 202.887.9021 Privacy Policy Contact Us Share This Facebook