Econsultancy - learn digital marketing Skip to content Econsultancy Join now Already a member? LoginLogin Sign in We recommend activating Javascript in your browser. Need help signing in? EMEA/USA: +44 (0)20 7970 4322 | email: subs.support@econsultancy.com Menu SKILLS ASSESSMENT TRAINING Fast Track to Digital Marketing AI in Marketing Data Analysis and Storytelling Customer Experience (CX) Data and Analytics Digital Marketing Ecommerce Explore all training BESPOKE ACADEMIES WHY ECONSULTANCY ABOUT US RESOURCES Articles Reports Leadership & Transformation COMPARE PLANS Search Search Close All Sections Topics Content Marketing Data & Analytics Digital Advertising Customer Experience Ecommerce Email & CRM Personal & Professional Skills Search Marketing Social Media Strategy & Planning Sectors Automotive B2B Charities and Non-profits Financial Services FMCG Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Retail Technology, Media and Telecoms Travel and Leisure Best Practice & Trends Articles Briefings Reports Quick Guides Webinars Case Study Database Analyst Sessions Trending Artificial Intelligence (AI) ChatGPT Customer Experience Digital Transformation Retail Media Learning Foundations Series Microlearning Library Fast Track to Digital Marketing Fast Track to Modern Marketing Digital marketing and ecommerce training built for the real world. We help marketing, L&D, and ecommerce leaders stay ahead of a rapidly evolving digital landscape through continuous upskilling of their teams. Get in touch Explore training How to choose the right learning providerFor executives, selecting an effective learning provider is an important task at the best of times; but it becomes pivotal during times of change. This article offers a roadmap for choosing a learning provider to help you achieve this level of change. Read More Global training partner to multinational brands and ambitious SMEs. Assess and benchmark your capabilitiesUse our assessment tool – The Digital Skills Index to diagnose your current capabilities and benchmark the results. Over 35,000 individuals have already taken The Digital Skills Index. Explore the Digital Skills Index Train your team in digital marketing and ecommerce We specialise in digital marketing, ecommerce, customer experience, data and analytics, content marketing, digital advertising, email and CRM, SEO, social media, and digital strategy. Explore Econsultancy training Deliver training that is continuous and engaging Our training is delivered in a range of formats and styles to engage, inspire and make learning continuous. From elearning, events and live learning delivered both in-person and online, to trends and best practice analysis. We call this Multi-Touch Learning. Explore our approach The result? A more capable and confident team 92% of customers felt “more confident” after using our services 79 Number of countries Econsultancy delivers training programmes to 91% of customers said using our services made them “more efficient” Awards and recognitions for our training programmes Best use of Blended Learning – 2023 Best Learning Programme supporting a Business Strategy Transformation – 2023 Best advancement in Competencies and Skill Development – 2023 What other clients say about us “Econsultancy’s mix of learning formats and in-depth ecommerce content has helped raise our game.” “Econsultancy are my go-to digital experts; they’ve seen it, done it – and are invaluable to driving ecommerce excellence.” “Econsultancy has been a foundational partner in helping us build digital skills and capability across Channel 4 marketing as well as helping us define a roadmap for success.” Stay ahead of the curve with the latest trends and best practice guides Winning the Race for Digital Skills: reportHow do businesses keep up with customers, technologies and events that are constantly changing? Just as they always have, by learning. This report explores how businesses can build a learning and development strategy for digital skills. Download now The Future of Marketing: The AI Opportunity 19 September 2023 15:54 Article Digital TransformationHow to choose the right learning provider From skills assessment to cultural fit, there’s a lot to get right when choosing an L&D partner. February 14th 2024 16:05 Article ContentEconsultancy’s digital and marketing trends for 2024 We’ve published a list of digital and marketing trends every January at Econsultancy for well over a decade, and have been training marketers for the better part of 20 years. Looking back at some of our annual predictions since 2010, three types of trend stand out: Trends that feel nostalgic, ideas that quickly became amusing […] January 24th 2024 16:00 Article CultureIntroducing the Digital Culture Scorecard This scorecard is designed to help score your organisation and teams against the criteria that are most important to digital culture. February 2nd 2024 13:42 News from Econsultancy Article AI/Machine learningEconsultancy launches ‘AI for Marketing’ short course The 3-week learning plan includes a live kick-off, five on-demand elearning lessons, a half-day workshop and ongoing access to Econsultancy resources. November 20th 2023 13:15 Article People and SkillsEconsultancy supports BIMA Digital Day 2023 in Queens Park, London The 12th annual Digital Day matched more than 200 schools with organisations and agencies offering an insight into a career in digital. November 9th 2023 13:09 Article Digital Transformation9 steps to building an L&D strategy for digital skills Amidst rapid change in marketing and ecommerce, this checklist of recommendations offers a practical approach to digital skills development. November 1st 2023 13:30 Keep your finger on the pulse with regular trend updates. Straight to your inboxSign up and join 139,000 leaders getting Econsultancy’s latest trend round-ups – from ecommerce and digital marketing insights, to case studies from sector-leading brands. All in a single click.Join the Pulse Newsletter About Us Marketing Solutions Contact us Cookies FAQs Mini MBA Privacy Website Terms & Conditions Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Copyright © 2024 Centaur Media plc and / or its subsidiaries and licensors. All rights reserved. built by interconnect/it Xeim Limited, Registered in England and Wales with number 05243851 Registered office at Econsultancy, Floor 14, 10 York Road, London, SE1 7ND