Explore the home of the Jayhawks | The University of Kansas Skip to main content The University of Kansas MENU link to menu page THE UNIVERSITY of KANSAS The University of Kansas myKU Email Canvas Enroll & Pay Close Search this unit Start search Submit Search Main navigation Home About KU Select to follow link About Lawrence Academics Select to follow link Fields of Study Schools and Departments Admissions Research Student Life Athletics myKU Email Canvas Enroll & Pay THE UNIVERSITY of KANSAS University of Kansas logo The University of Kansas Menu link to menu page Search this unit Start search Submit Search Welcome to the University of Kansas. We are the state’s flagship institution, home to innovative research and the constant pursuit of knowledge. Together, Jayhawks power Kansas and transform the world. KU statistics 14 academic schools 350,000+ alumni worldwide 400+ degree and certificate programs Curious about KU? Let’s connect. Join our mailing list to get more information about Jayhawk life and opportunities at KU. Undergraduate Graduate Become a Jayhawk It’s a funny name with serious potential. If you’re envisioning a transformative college career, we’re prepared to make it a reality. KU admissions KU admissions Through KU excellence, we raise the bar. KU innovation powers our state and improves the world. In nationally recognized programs, with faculty who lead their fields, you’ll gain the tools and experience to deepen your knowledge and make real change. Academics Research By Jayhawk tradition, we raise one chant. “Rock Chalk” is our versatile exclamation for all things KU: a spirited reverberation from the university’s past, a rallying cry from the stadium seats, and a catchy arrangement that creates community. Explore what it means to claim the chant and be a Jayhawk. About KU Student life Athletics Programs for every pathway Follow your academic and research interests through the hundreds of fields of study KU offers. Fields of study Fields of study Online programs Online programs News at KU KU Today keeps you informed of our latest news and events, with in-depth coverage of university research, academic achievements, and policy issues that shape our world. Read KU news Read KU news Important Academic Dates March 11-17 Spring break May 6-10 Finals May 12 Commencement Strong Hall 1450 Jayhawk Blvd. Lawrence, KS 66045 publicaffairs@ku.edu 785-864-2700 facebook instagram youtube Give to KU Campuses Lawrence Campus Map Libraries Academic Calendar Tuition Registrar Transcripts Orientation Programs International Services Alumni Association Endowment Jobs Human Resources Directory IT Support Public Safety Free Expression Privacy Policy Consumer Information Nondiscrimination statement Accessibility| Website support| CMS login © 2024 The University of Kansas The University of Kansas is a public institution governed by the Kansas Board of Regents.