RCR Wireless News - Intelligence on All Things Wireless - RCR Wireless News Facebook Linkedin RSS Twitter Youtube Sign in Subscribe 5G 5G Testing 6G Carriers IoT Network Infrastructure In-Building Tech Open RAN Private 5G Telco Cloud Fundamentals 5G NR Release 17 5G Testing 6G Open RAN Private Networks Sponsored Channels: Keysight 5G Solutions Qualcomm 5G Insights 6G Technology & Testing 5G Manufacturing Forum 2022 Podcast 5G Talent Talk Will 5G Change the World Well Technically… Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search RCR Wireless NewsIntelligence on all things wireless. Subscribe Advertise/Sponsor Editorial Calendar Events Podcasts 5G Talent Talk Wireless Connectivity to Enable Industry 4.0 for the Middleprise Well Technically… Will 5G Change the World Accelerating Industry 4.0 Digitalization Reports Webinars White Papers Analyst Angle RssFacebookTwitterLinkedinYoutube RCR Wireless NewsIntelligence on all things wireless. 5G 5G Testing 6G Carriers IoT Network Infrastructure Open RAN Private 5G Telco Cloud Fundamentals 5G NR Release 17 5G Testing 6G Network Infrastructure Open RAN Private 5G Deep Dive Telco AI Deep Dive Cloud RAN Deep Dive YOU ARE AT:RCR Wireless News - Intelligence on All Things Wireless Qualcomm 5G Insights Understanding the 5G Advanced and 6G future Rohde & Schwarz 6G Technology & Testing Telco Cloud & Edge Forum 5G Rakuten Symphony, Kyivstar commit to O-RAN in Ukraine Juan Pedro Tomás - March 5, 2024 5G Slow 5G SA rollout to negatively impact UK SMEs: Vodafone Wi-Fi Airgain touts Wi-Fi 7 win with North American MSO 5G Ericsson boosts 5G-A, 6G initiatives in Turkey RCR Wireless News 5G Rakuten Symphony, Kyivstar commit to O-RAN in Ukraine Juan Pedro Tomás - March 5, 2024 Kyivstar aims to use Rakuten Symphony’s O-RAN and 5G technologies to help rebuild Ukraine's digital infrastructure Japan's Rakuten Symphon and Veon Group’s subsidiary Kyivstar, Ukraine’s largest telecommunications operator, have announced a preliminary agreement that confirms Kyivstar’s interest in procuring and... Read more 5G Slow 5G SA rollout to negatively impact UK SMEs: Vodafone Juan Pedro Tomás - March 5, 2024 Vodafone highlighted that countries such as Sweden, the Netherlands, Finland and Denmark are currently investing in 5G SA connectivity at a faster rate compared to the U.K. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) operating in the U.K. could be missing out... Read more Wi-Fi Airgain touts Wi-Fi 7 win with North American MSO Kelly Hill - March 5, 2024 Airgain says that a North American Tier One MSO will start upgrading its customer premise equipment to Wi-Fi 7, with new units beginning to ship in the second half of this year. Airgain won the multi-year, multi-million dollar design win... Read more 5G Ericsson boosts 5G-A, 6G initiatives in Turkey Juan Pedro Tomás - March 5, 2024 Ericsson and Türk Telekom have signed a MoU during MWC Barcelona 2024 to cooperate on exploring the 6G ecosystem and its application areas Swedish vendor Ericsson has announced two separate developments with Turkish operators to cooperate in different fields including... Read more 5G Intel showcases ‘AI Everywhere’ vision at MWC Sean Kinney, Editor in Chief - March 5, 2024 With focuses from client to edge to RAN to core, Intel is all-in on AI for 5G Mobile World Congress was big for Intel. In the larger sweep of 5G network disaggregation and automation, Intel has already built out a... Read more AI-Machine-Learning Achieving ROI in an intelligent supply chain: It’s all about the network Hardik Jain, CTO, GXC (Sponsored) - March 5, 2024 In a recent report issued by PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PwC), the digital transformation of manufacturing and supply-chain related industries is in full swing. PwC noted that half of the enterprises they surveyed have already adopted IoT, cloud-based data platforms, and connected... Read more Test and Measurement Viavi set to acquire Spirent Communications for $1.3 billion Kelly Hill - March 5, 2024 Spirent's CEO blames tough market conditions on impact to company's finances Viavi Solutions has made a bid to acquire Spirent Communications for $1.3 billion, and pending approval by shareholders, the test-industry-changing transaction is expected to close in the second half... Read more AI-Machine-Learning Editorial Webinar: Is the Industry 4.0 era upon us? Private cellular in 2024–AI/ML, automation, security RCR Wireless News - March 5, 2024 Like with most things that you want to go fast, they don't develop with the velocity you'd like. Private cellular networks are no different, but one-off successes are giving way to scalable templates and economic pressure is mounting. RCR Wireless... Read more Industry 4.0 Private 5G – basket cases, blood baths and bitching (a barroom sting in Barcelona) James Blackman - March 5, 2024 How do you write a story you can’t tell? When the real plot, outside of the corporate narrative, can’t be revealed? Normally, you sit on the bank and watch the river flow – until the water rises and the... Read more AI-Machine-Learning Telco AI: Defining strategies and use cases on the road to closed loop automation RCR Wireless News - March 5, 2024 It seems quite evident that AI, both generative and more classical, is going to change the way all industries work. For mobile network operators, AI seems like the tool that will finally turn data into insights that influence how... Read more Analyst Angle An innovative call to synergize network AI with ICT (Analyst Angle) RCR Wireless News - March 4, 2024 Communication Service Providers (CSPs) are overhauling networks for the Artificial Intelligence (AI) future: investing heavily in AI solutions to current address challenges, collaborating across organizations (e.g., Artificial Intelligence Operations (AIOps)), and reforming within them (e.g., centralizing AI teams). As... Read more Opinion Was 5G overhyped? Reaching 5G’s promised potential will require greater network visibility (Reader Forum) Reader Forum - March 4, 2024 When 5G was first introduced, communications service providers (CSPs) promised to deliver better network speeds, with reduced latency and increased reliability to enable new services to enterprises. Although 5G has been increasingly adopted, CSPs are noticing a lack of... Read more Opinion Why eSIMs unlock the next generation of business connectivity (Reader Forum) Reader Forum - March 4, 2024 One innovation is transforming how the entire world stays connected — and it can be accessed with just a few quick taps on a screen. An eSIM is a software-based evolution of the traditional SIM card that demonstrates the next... Read more 5G ZTE announces 5G-A plans, launches 5G-A products at MWC 2024 Juan Pedro Tomás - March 4, 2024 ZTE unveiled 10 5G-A products including UBR and FDD massive MIMO products, mmWave products and a non-terrestrial networks (NTN) base station Chinese vendor ZTE Corporation recently announced 5G-Advanced (5G-A) products at an event during MWC 2024, which took place in... Read more 5G Zain announces plan to boost 5G-Advanced tech in Saudi Arabia Juan Pedro Tomás - March 4, 2024 Zain initially launched 5G-A services last year in capital Riyadh Saudi Arabia telco Zain aims to accelerate the deployment of 5G-Advanced (5G-A) services from 2024, the carrier’s engineering executive general manager Mohammed Abdulazis AlNujaidi said. The telco launched 5G-A services last... Read more 5G Ericsson, Chunghwa Telecom boost collaboration in 5G-A Juan Pedro Tomás - March 4, 2024 Ericsson and the Taiwanese telco signed this 5G-A deal during MWC 2024 Swedish vendor Ericsson and Taiwanese carrier Chunghwa Telecom signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to boost 5G technology in Taiwan, the former said in a release. The agreement, signed... Read more AI-Machine-Learning Red Hat talks-up edge AI advances for private 5G and Industry 4.0 James Blackman - March 4, 2024 MWC, Barcelona; last week. Red Hat and Intel have developed a (relatively) easy and cheap edge/cloud computing solution for enterprises to deploy and multiply AI-based applications on private 5G networks. The duo have a reference solution, they said, which... Read more Industry 4.0 Actility and Kerlink bundle radio and core into single private LoRaWAN IoT system James Blackman - March 4, 2024 French LoRaWAN stalwarts Actility and Kerlink are integrating their LoRaWAN network hardware and connectivity software into a simplified private LoRaWAN network solution to enable “easy” deployment and scalability of industrial IoT projects, the pair have said. The combined solution... Read more 5G The human edge—where context and data create knowledge Sean Kinney, Editor in Chief - March 2, 2024 39,997 feet above the Gulf of St. Lawrence—Still on the way home from Mobile World Congress, still trying to figure out Mobile World Congress. One thing I learned is that context and data are everything really if you’re looking... Read more 6G Nokia inks partnership to boost 6G research in India Juan Pedro Tomás - March 1, 2024 Under the partnership, Nokia and IISc will work together in Nokia’s newly inaugurated 6G Lab in Bengaluru Finnish vendor Nokia announced it is expanding its 6G commitment to India by partnering with the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) to jointly... Read more 5G 5G to account for 51% of mobile connections by 2029: GSMAi Juan Pedro Tomás - March 1, 2024 As of January 2024, 261 operators in 101 countries had launched commercial 5G services, GSMAi said 5G connections are expected to represent 51% of total mobile connections at a global level by 2029, according to new figures from GSMA Intelligence... Read more 5G Ericsson, du partner to provide 5G private networks in the UAE Juan Pedro Tomás - March 1, 2024 Ericsson will provide advanced private 4G and 5G networks to enhance connectivity for government and enterprise customers Swedish vendor Ericsson and Emirati telco du had announced strategic partnership under which Ericsson will provide its private 5G networks with the aim... Read more Industry 4.0 Boldyn completes purchase of private 5G specialist Edzcom from Cellnex James Blackman - March 1, 2024 UK-headquartered neutral host provider Boldyn Networks Boldyn Networks has completed its acquisition of private network specialist Edzcom from Spanish tower company Cellnex Telecom. The deal is for Cellnex’s entire private networks business, which mostly equates to Finland-based Edzcom. Cellnex... Read more Industry 4.0 Cisco joins with Misui, KDDI to deploy private 5G at Industry 4.0 test lab in Japan James Blackman - March 1, 2024 The Japanese arm of Cisco has joined with Mitsui Information and KDDI Engineering, parts of trading group Mitsui Group and telecoms operator KDDI respectively, to deploy a private 5G network at the Shinwa Komaki SFiC Lab in Komaki City,... Read more 5G Is telecoms focusing on how without asking why? Sean Kinney, Editor in Chief - March 1, 2024 BARCELONA—I know the show is over but I’m leaving the dateline on because, of course, I’m still here. Mobile World Congress was good; so good, in fact, it’ll take me a few months and a couple of off-schedule visits... Read more Featured Videos Editorial Reports Report: Is Open RAN Ready to RIC & Roll? Telco Sustainability Forum Key Findings Report Editorial Report: Smart Meters – Why meters matter, and how cellular IoT is driving the energy transition White Papers Rohde & Schwarz White Paper: High rate pulse ultrawideband physical layer testing and certification Rohde & Schwarz White Paper: Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces Anritsu White Paper: RedCap: The IoT Technology for 5G Networks Webinars Editorial Webinar: Is the Industry 4.0 era upon us? Private cellular in 2024–AI/ML, automation, security Telco AI: Defining strategies and use cases on the road to closed loop automation Editorial Webinar: The new space race? The outlook for NTN standaridization and commercialization InterDigital Webinar: What’s Ahead for 5G Advanced Editorial Webinar: The move to 5G Standalone and creating a cloud-native telco ABOUT US Since 1982, RCR Wireless News has been providing wireless and mobile industry news, insights, and analysis to mobile and wireless industry professionals, decision makers, policy makers, analyst and investors. FOLLOW US RssFacebookTwitterLinkedinYoutube © 2021-2022 RCR Wireless News Subscribe About RCR Wireless News Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Archive RSS Wireless News Archive This site uses cookies to improve and personalize your experience and to display advertisements. This site may also include cookies from third parties. By using this site you consent to the use of cookies.Accept