industrial intelligence 4.0_beyond automation | KUKA AG Home Industries Industries Get an overview of all industries that benefit from our wide product range. You will also find various case studies about customer projects that drive our customers’ success. Learn more Industries Case Studies Automotive Industry Automotive Industry Automated house building Electronics Industry Electronics Industry Battery production Battery production E-Commerce and Retail Logistics Healthcare Healthcare Consumer Goods Industry Consumer Goods Industry Metal Industry Metal Industry Other Industries Other Industries KUKA partners Products Products Get an overview on the entire KUKA portfolio from industrial robots to complete production lines. Learn more Products Robot Systems Robot Systems Production Machines Production Machines Production Systems Production Systems Autonomous mobile robotics Autonomous mobile robotics Process Technologies Robot Guide Robot Guide Enter your industry and application and we will guide you to the right product or help you find matching case studies and videos. Learn more Services KUKA services By having sites around the world and using the latest means of communication, KUKA can offer its customers the outstanding service of a global market leader. Learn more Services Technical hotline and advisory service my.KUKA Customer Portal Download Center KUKA College KUKA College KUKA used robots KUKA Spare parts Service for Robots and Machines Service for Robots and Machines System service Cybersecurity Customer Service Contacts Worldwide Innovation & iiQKA Innovation & iiQKA Automated & networked production technologies are shaping the future of manufacturing. KUKA supports manufacturing companies to meet future requirements. Learn more Innovation & iiQKA: Launching the Future iiQKA: Robots for the People iiQKA: Robots for the People KUKA Mission 2030 Megatrends Megatrends Industrie 4 0 Industrie 4 0 Innovation & Research Innovation & Research Industrial Automation Industrial Automation Human-robot collaboration Human-robot collaboration Company Company KUKA is one of the world’s leading specialists in automation. We offer our customers a full range of products and services from a single source. Learn more Company Contact KUKA Locations Careers Careers Press Press iiMagazine Events & webinars Overview of all events Sustainability Sustainability About KUKA About KUKA KUKA Robot Guide Find case studies and robots for your industry and desired application with the new KUKA Robot Guide! Start the KUKA Robot Guide now! Industries Products Robot Guide Services Innovation & iiQKA Company Search Language my.KUKA Login Menu Select your location: Argentina Australia Austria Baltics Belgium Brazil Canada China Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary India Ireland Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Singapore Slovakia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China / Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Vietnam Country Select your language: Spanish English German English English English French Dutch Portuguese English French Chinese English Czech English English French German English Hungarian English English English Italian Japanese English Chinese Spanish Dutch English Polish Portuguese Romanian English Chinese Slovak Korean Spanish Swedish English German English French Chinese Thai Turkish English English Vietnamese KUKA Robot Guide Find case studies and robots for your industry and desired application with the new KUKA Robot Guide! Start the KUKA Robot Guide now! my.KUKA: Your digital customer portal Purchase products online View product data and availability. Register and manage purchased products. Use cloud-based software. Seamless access to various KUKA tools Login Show more You are using Internet Explorer and will not be able to use our website properly.Please change to an up-to-date browser for ideal presentation of the website. Anuga FoodTec KUKA at Anuga FoodTec 2024. Flexible food automation: from production to distribution LogiMAT KUKA at LogiMAT 2024: Feel the flow of automation with mobile KUKA robotics AMR portfolio KUKA gets your production moving: AMR portfolio Case Study Using robots to promote electromobility and build safety valves for batteries Discover the variety of automation solutions by KUKA KUKA offers tailor-made automation solutions for your industry. Learn more about successful customer projects worldwide. Discover our case studies Robot Systems KUKA offers industrial robots in a wide range of versions with various payload capacities and reaches. Learn more! Production Machines Our production machines allow you to integrate standardized systems and components into customized production processes. Find out more. Production Systems From the individual production cell to a complete production system: Our Industries and Systems divisions are experts in system integration. In the KUKA download center you will find extensive documentation on our products, e.g. brochures, data sheets, CAD data, certificates and much more. Discover in our case studies section how our automation solutions are successfully used by our customers. We implement many of our customer projects with experienced partners from almost all industries. Find out more about our partners here. KUKA's comprehensive product portfolio in robotics, software and service Get the Link News 27 February 2024 - Products and Solutions For the perfect cup of coffee: KUKA Cobot simulates 10 years of coffee grinder use 21 February 2024 - Fairs and Events Focus on Innovation: KUKA with Innovation Award and AI showcase at Hannover Messe 2024 6 February 2024 - Company For a more sustainable future: KUKA adopts global environmental targets 29 January 2024 - Products and Solutions Augmented reality makes new robots easier to start up 25 January 2024 - Products and Solutions For a more efficient robot fleet: BOOSTER Precision Components implements KUKA iiQoT 18 January 2024 - Innovation | Company Robotics ideas for trade and small businesses: These are the finalists of the KUKA Innovation Award 2024 view more About KUKA Welcome to KUKA, one of the world’s leading suppliers of intelligent, robot-based automation solutions. Learn more about the company Press In the KUKA press area you can find the latest press releases, images, videos and the right contact person for your inquiries. Visit the press area Services Searching for a hotline? Looking for an employee training or on-site service? Get in touch with us! Discover our advisory and support services Careers KUKA offers you the best opportunities for your development and long-term prospects. Enter the world of Industrie 4.0! Get to know your career perspectives KUKA Worldwide Find here all addresses and contacts Subscribe to the KUKA Newsletter Your email address Contacts Technical Hotline Consulting Contact Press Contacts Products & Solutions Robot Guide Case Studies KUKA Used Robots Customer Area my.KUKA: Your digital customer portal KUKA Xpert Download Center Company Careers About KUKA KUKA Locations Press iiMagazine © KUKA AG 2024 Imprint Privacy Cookie settings English - Germany How can we help you? Contact us, or share our site. Contact Newsletter Share Print +49 821 797-0 Email Share this page Share this page or email to a friend. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn E-Mail