Home | UCI Skip to main content Toggle primary navigation UCI homepage About Toggle dropdown: About About Us Chancellor University Facts Strategic Plan Faculty Honors Peter the Anteater Diversity Resources Administrative Offices Academic Senate Directory Visit Work at UCI Support UCI Smoke-Free Campus Admissions Toggle dropdown: Admissions Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Professional Programs Business Law Medicine Undergraduate International Admissions Graduate International Admissions Financial Aid Housing Academics Toggle dropdown: Academics Arts Biological Sciences Business Education Engineering Humanities Information & Computer Sciences Interdisciplinary Studies Law Medicine Nursing Science Pharmacy & Pharmaceutical Sciences Physical Sciences Public Health Social Ecology Social Sciences General Catalogue Majors & Minors Schedule of Classes Undergraduate/Undeclared Academic Advising Division of Undergraduate Education Graduate Division Division of Continuing Education Campuswide Honors Program Undergraduate Research UCI CalTeach Libraries Study Abroad Center Summer Session Academic Calendars Academic Senate Research Toggle dropdown: Research Office of Research Faculty Profiles Postdoctoral Scholars Applied Innovation Invention Transfer Group Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Research Centers & Units UCOP Office of Research Community Toggle dropdown: Community #AnteaterCrossing Arts Athletics K-12 Programs Summer Programs Campus Events Calendar Conference & Event Services Langson IMCA Hospital Medical Services Clinical Trials Toggle dropdown: Find information for... Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Register to Vote Search Web People Home Top The Buzz News Who We Are Visit Events Arts & Athletics Initiatives Health Alumni & Giving Resources Scenic spirituality UCI exhibition explores role of faith in California landscape paintings The Buzz Music as medicine UCI collaborates with London orchestra on stroke rehabilitation program Mody Lacour’s magic tricks UCI Earth system scientist, originally from Cameroon, uses his science to ignite lights for others UCI Podcast: Understanding the simplified FAFSA Financial aid experts discuss the new and improved financial aid source Alleviating elder isolation UCI undergraduate club’s mission is to foster connections in senior centers News UCI receives $15 million NSF grant for integrative movement research Monica Daley to lead multidisciplinary effort to explore muscle dynamics Autonomous vehicle technology vulnerable to road object spoofing and vanishing attacks UCI researchers find security flaws in first- and next-generation LiDAR systems Study finds drought fuels invasive species after wildfires UCI biologists highlight critical link between drought, wildfires and coastal ecosystem transformations Visit UCI News Media Inquiries Find an Expert Who We Are Founded in 1965, UCI is a member of the prestigious Association of American Universities and is ranked among the nation’s top 10 public universities by U.S. News & World Report. The campus has produced five Nobel laureates and is known for its academic achievement, premier research, innovation and anteater mascot. Led by Chancellor Howard Gillman, UCI has more than 36,000 students and offers 224 degree programs. It’s located in one of the world’s safest and most economically vibrant communities and is Orange County’s second-largest employer, contributing $7 billion annually to the local economy and $8 billion statewide. About UCI Academics UCI is a center for quality education that fosters passionate, enthusiastic and ongoing expansion of knowledge and approaches to scholarship. Research Programs UCI is improving lives through the investigation, discovery and dissemination of knowledge in numerous forms to all levels of society. Our Community UCI students, faculty and staff reach beyond the classrooms and laboratories to address social issues and improve the human condition. Visit UCI combines the strengths of a major research university with the bounty of an incomparable Southern California location. Learn more about visiting our campus Campus Maps Visit the Campus Maps page for the best way to reach UCI and locate intended campus destinations, as well as nearby parking options. Visitor Center The Visitor Center welcomes prospective students and their parents, alumni and all visitors who want to know more about the university. Parking & Transportation Transportation & Distribution Services offers information on parking rates and timely updates on sustainable commuting options. Events There’s always something interesting going on at UCI. Enlightening classes, engaging public lectures, captivating performances and exciting athletic events take place year-round. Featured events 5 March 2024 Community Lecture Series | Keratoconus Online Event 7 March UCI Symphony Orchestra Irvine Barclay Th... 9 March Women Of The One: Trailblazers of Funk Winifred Smith Ha... 9 March The Bald Soprano Robert Cohen Thea... Arts & Athletics Arts Claire Trevor School of the Arts is UCI's center for innovative, creative engagement in art in all of its facets. Langson Institute and Museum of California Art is dedicated to the exhibition, preservation, and study of California art. Learn more about the Claire Trevor School of the Arts Get Tickets to an arts event Visit IMCA website Athletics Our mission is to facilitate and enrich the education and personal growth of students through their participation in competitive NCAA Division I athletics. Learn more about UCI Athletics Get Tickets to an athletic event Initiatives Innovation UCI Beall Applied Innovation brings campus-based discoveries together with Southern California’s vibrant business community to support job creation, economic growth and foster a world-class entrepreneurial ecosystem. Learn more about Applied Innovation SustainabilityA platform for interdisciplinary scholarship on critical climate, environment and resource issues, this initiative aims to infuse sustainability across campus, empowering students and faculty with the rich institutional history of impactful research.Learn more about the sustainability initiative Health UCI Health provides the highest quality healthcare to Orange County and surrounding communities through its world-class physicians, surgeons and clinical staff. UCI Health Delivering world-class healthcare – and hope Alumni & Giving Alumni Founded in 1968, the UCI Alumni Association offers an enriching and supportive hub for graduates, fosters lifelong Anteater pride and welcomes non-alumni community participation. Click below to discover the many benefits offered by UCIAA. Learn about UCI Alumni Association Giving UCI launched its $2 billion Brilliant Future campaign. The campaign seeks to spur groundbreaking discoveries and transform the campus while increasing engagement with UCIs vibrant alumni community. Learn about making a gift to UCI Resources Work at UCI UCI is a great place to work. Start your job search here. Emergency Preparedness Learn simple steps to be better prepared for an emergency – at work and at home. Disability Services Resources for students, parents and faculty members. Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn UCI Gmail Webmail EEE Work at UCI Emergency Preparedness Disability Services Office of the Chancellor University of California Feedback Work at UCI Media Inquiries Accreditation Information Clery Act University of California, Irvine Irvine, CA 92697 949-824-5011 © 2024 UC Regents