livingmaxwell: a guide to organic food & drink | Max's thoughts on organic food and emotional well-being Explore Coverage Close Better Choices Must-Read Company Stories Personal Explore Better Choices Company Stories Must-Read Personal About Shop Organic 101 Sign up Explore About Shop Organic 101 Sign up Livingmaxwell Homepage Latest Organic Insider Into the Weeds Monsanto does not want you to see this movie. Featured stories The Health Risks of Eating Conventional Potatoes Living Maxwell - Must-Read Another Reason to Eat Organic -- Protect Your Gut Health Living Maxwell - Better Choices Why Organic Almonds? Because of the Super-Toxic Fumigant Propylene Oxide Living Maxwell - Better Choices Another Reason to Eat Organic -- Decrease Pesticide Exposure by Up to 95% Organic Insider - Must-Read The Dirty Dozen - 12 Different Fish to Avoid Living Maxwell - Better Choices Non-Organic Milk Tests Positive for Illegal Antibiotics, High Levels of Growth Hormones and Controversial Pesticide Contaminants Living Maxwell - Must-Read GMO Impossible Burger Tests Positive for Glyphosate Organic Insider - Must-Read Another Reason to Eat Organic -- No Potassium Bromate in Your Bread Living Maxwell - Better Choices Don't Be Influenced By Pretty-Looking Organic Egg Cartons Living Maxwell - Better Choices A message from Tradin Organic Tradin Organic is improving the lives of farmers in Ethiopia with its regenerative organic avocado project. Learn more. Top Stories Living Maxwell Company Stories Soap & Soul is The Quintessential Dr. Bronner’s Book For those of us who are fans of Dr. Bronner’s, the company’s products have a constant presence in our households, and we use them to clean our bodies and physical surroundings on a daily basis. While this is unquestionably a critical component of our lives and imperative to maintain good health, cleaning transcends removing whatever is on our skin, on our clothes or on our kitchen countertops. It also affects our emotional well-being and directly impacts how we show up in the world. And this is precisely why Lisa Bronner’s Soap & Soul: A Practical Guide to Minding Your Home, Your Body and Your Spirit with Dr. Bronner’s Magic Soaps spoke to me so much, as it squarely touches on the importance of cleaning both the tangible and intangible — an essential formula for a meaningful life. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Company Stories Top 5 Organic Products from Natural Products Expo East 2023 in Philadephia For as long as I have been covering the organic food industry, I have attended Natural Products Expo East, with my first show in Boston in 2009. So, it is very bittersweet to report that after last week’s show in Philadelphia, there will be no more Expo East moving forward. New Hope, the organizer of the event, has decided to launch something new in 2024 called Newtopia Now. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Personal “I Was Told My Brain Was Broken” In November, I put up blog entry titled The Repercussions of Going on Antidepressants, and I received a comment on this post the other day that both disturbed me and confirmed what I already knew. I thought it merited its own discussion here. The woman who wrote the comment calls herself NoRx4Me and left the following information: I was put on an SSRI at 24 years old during a bad marriage. I needed guidance and support, instead I was told my brain was broken. SSRI’s led to stimulants, mood stabilizers, SNRI’s, and lithium for a short time. I was a mess. I lost 13 years. I have little memory of those years (especially sad, because I was raising two boys). I didn’t grow as a person at all. I quit dating in 2003 and never developed knew friendships either. I didn’t even realize this was odd until I was off meds. I probably would have responded like some others on here while I was still under the influence and told you the meds were great. With a clear mind and 20/20 hindsight, I know the facts, my life was destroyed. And they do cause physical problems; I lost a ton of hair, and my teeth are a mess. I look like I’ve aged 20 years instead of 10. Go deeper Arrow A message from Tradin Organic How Tradin Organic is Helping Coconut Farmers in The Philippines For more than a decade, Tradin Organic has been working with local partners in The Philippines to bring a diversified range of organic products to the market, such as coconut oil, tropical fruits and even cocoa. The company is helping to support local farmers by assisting them with technical support and organic certification, in addition to paying Fairtrade premium on top of the organic premium. Learn more. Organic Insider Must-Read The EPA Continues to Ignore the Danger of Atrazine, Which is Ruining Our Water Supply and Putting Our Health in Jeopardy One of the reasons that many of us purchase organic is because we don’t want to put food into our bodies that contains synthetic chemicals. Yet even though we may not eat conventionally-grown food ourselves, we still need to be very aware (and concerned) about what is going on in the non-organic world. Why? Because the toxic chemicals that are sprayed on conventionally-grown food end up in the water supply. And the EPA is not doing its job when it comes to protecting the integrity of our water. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Personal Do I Ever Cheat? Last week, I was asked by a friend of mine if I ever cheat. No, she was not asking if I ever cheat on women but rather wanted to know if I ever cheat on my diet. While I was taken aback by the question and didn’t have an immediate answer, she followed up with “Don’t you ever eat a doughnut?” “No, I never eat doughnuts,” I quickly responded. That was an easy one to figure out. The thought of putting a Krispy Kreme into my body never ever enters my mind. The larger question about cheating, however, really got me thinking and this is what I came up with. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Company Stories Supermarket Spotlight: Erewhon in Los Angeles is an Absolute Must-Visit Destination Several years ago, I was introduced to Erewhon, and my life has not been the same since. Not only is it my first stop whenever I go to Los Angeles, but anytime I meet someone who is from there, I always ask “So, do you go to Erewhon?” It is that impressive of a supermarket and is a place I think about often, even from 3,000 miles away in New York City. What many people may not realize is that Erewhon has been a pioneer in the health food world since the 1960s and was profiled in Joe Dobrow’s fascinating book Natural Prophets: From Health Foods to Whole Foods — How the Pioneers of the Industry Changed the Way We Eat and Reshaped American Business. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Better Choices Are Fermented Foods the Key to Happiness? Whether it is with a salad or any other dish that I am making at home, organic fermented foods – usually sauerkraut (above) or kimchee – can almost always be found on my plate. Why is this? I have come to understand that if we want to have a strong immune system, we must take care of our gut and provide it with beneficial bacteria. And that is exactly what fermented foods give us – beneficial bacteria. Dr. Natascha Campbell-McBride, a Russian neurologist and founder of the GAPS Diet, says that: “about 85% of our immune system is located in the gut wall. This fact has been established by basic physiology research in the 1930s and the 1940s. Your gut, your digestive wall, is the biggest and the most important immune organ in your body. There is a very tight conversation and a relationship going on between the gut flora that lives inside your digestive system and your immune system. Go deeper Arrow A message from Tradin Organic Why Tradin Organic is Prioritizing Regenerative Organic Farming At Tradin Organic, we believe that regenerative organic farming is key to growing healthy and nutritious food ingredients — for now and for future generations. And in Sierra Leone, we have grown the world’s first Regenerative Organic Certified cacao. Learn more. Organic Insider Must-Read The FDA/USDA/EPA launch a GMO Website, But the Bigger Plan is Much More Worrisome This post originally appeared in Organic Insider. If you would like to receive Organic Insider every other Wednesday, you can sign up for it HERE. — If consumers are seeking fair and balanced information about GMOs, they certainly will not find it on the new FDA/USDA/EPA website called Feed Your Mind. This site is part of the Agricultural Biotechnology Education and Outreach Initiative, which was funded by Congress, and is intended “to share science-based information that educates, informs and broadens understanding about agricultural biotechnology for consumers.” Not surprisingly, it presents a very one-sided view of GMOs. Go deeper Arrow Living Maxwell Better Choices Cancer Expert Says Hormonal Milk is Not Safe; Organic Milk is the Clear Choice For many people, organic milk is the first organic food product that they will buy. This is largely because milk serves as an important source of nutrition for kids. It, therefore, begs the question “what exactly is my child drinking?” Not all milk is created equal Hormonal milk contains a genetically engineered hormone called Recombinant Bovine Somatotropin (rBST), which is produced by companies such as Monsanto and Elanco. rBST is injected into approximately 20% of all U.S. dairy cows in order to increase milk production, and industry studies by consultants report that this hormone is safe for both the cows and consumers. Go deeper Arrow Pages:1234567...25» A guide to organic food & drink. About About Max Organic 101 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Financial Disclosure Engage Instagram LinkedIn Contact Copyright LM Solutions LLC 2024 livingmaxwell: a guide to organic food & drink