Digistore24 | Digistore24 Product Sellers Affiliates Features Blog Knowledge Base Cancel contracts here Login Register now en de fr es nl it pt pl sl Diese Version des Bestellformulars ist noch nicht öffentlich. Es gibt eine neuere Version dieses Bestellformulars, die noch nicht öffentlich ist. Find my order Digistore24 is an all-in-one digital sales platform & international affiliate network More Sales. Less Work. For the Advanced Marketer Digistore24 is an online sales platform that offers you an integrated online store, an affiliate network, all common payment methods and accounting automation incl. tax automation. Start now. It’s free to sign up. Trustpilot With Digistore24 you can sell and promote Digital Products Software Events Physical Products Much More​ More Sales. Less Work. More time: As a reseller, we automate your accounting, invoicing, tax management, and much more, so you can focus on your core business. More revenue: You always know how much a customer is worth to your business. Optimize your customer value with upsells, order bumps and more. More conversion: Benefit from high-converting order forms and the most powerful split test tool in the industry. More traffic: Use our international affiliate network and cooperate with tens of thousands of affiliates. For product sellers We automate your sales and more. Our affiliates promote your products. You grow your business. Don't pay us a dime until you make a sale. Learn more For sales partners Grow your business with commissions up to 85% on our marketplace. We also pay you weekly so you can scale your business faster. Learn more Start now. It’s free to sign up. Why Digistore24? Automated sales With Digistore24 you can set up your sales process and run it on autopilot. Large affiliate network Use one of the largest international networks and let professional affiliates market your products. Analytics and statistics Grow your business by identifying trends through real time data in the Business Cockpit and getting applicable insights in Digistore24 Analytics. Operating since 2012 Choose the most proven and reliable partner for your business. High availability and IT security We have the world's most secure servers and invest constantly in our IT security. Effective conversion tools Earn more sales with tools like one-click upsells, order bumps, and more. Test and optimize your entire sales funnel in the Conversion Cockpit. 100% GDPR compliant With Digistore24, your business is guaranteed to be legally secure and compliant with data protection laws all around the world. TÜV-certified business processes For your business to run well, you need a strong partner. We are well organized and go the extra mile for you. Customizable order forms and shopping carts Enjoy mobile responsive and even embedded order forms that can easily be customised via drag & drop. Flexible payment plans Offer your customers one-time payments, installments and subscriptions. Full integrations with your other tools We offer you full integration to major platforms like Mailchimp, Zapier, Active Campaign, and many more. Smartphone app Keep your business in your pocket with our smartphone app and stay up to date on your earnings. Telesales platform Automate your telephone sales with DigiCalls. Motivate your sales team with special commissions in addition to affiliate commissions. Claim management support We send automatic payment reminders and support you professionally and effectively in case of payment defaults. Elaborated tracking capabilities We provide you with a variety of tracking options - from tracking keys to tracking pixels and even server to server postbacks Learn more Data-Driven Sales Made Easy 3 unique tools that give you clear answers and actionable insights for more sales and more revenue ... without getting lost in endless amounts of data. Data-Driven Sales Made Easy 3 unique tools that give you clear answers and actionable insights for more sales and more revenue ... without getting lost in endless amounts of data. Business Cockpit Get access to accurate, real-time numbers and high level data to make more profitable business decisions. Learn more Digistore24 Analytics Whether it's rising return rates, stagnant conversions, or unexpected affiliate revenue – analytics will show you detailed metrics so you can optimize your business in the right places. Learn more Conversion Cockpit Test, evaluate and optimize your entire sales funnel like a pro in order to maximize your earnings and increase your revenue. Learn more Business Cockpit Use the real-time dashboard to see a high level view of how your business is performing. Digistore24 Analytics Analyze specific data points within your business. Conversion Cockpit Optimize your sales funnel by viewing detailed metrics from split testing campaigns. Sell more with us We optimize your conversions Latest conversion tools​ One-click upsells​ Real-time split tests of your entire sales funnel ​Fully customizable shopping carts​​ Start now. It’s free to sign up. Sell more with us Huge affiliate marketplace Fastest growing affiliate network in the US, backed by Europe’s largest affiliate network For vendors: International affiliates will market your products around the globe For affiliates: Up to 85% and more in commissions with conversion-optimized products​ ​ Start now. It’s free to sign up. Entrepreneurs just like you grow their business with Digistore24 "I tested most of the available platforms and experienced problems like processing and tracking sales, support response time, platform bugs... I was absolutely dazzled to discover that with Digistore24 I can finally focus on my business, resting assured they do their part. Digistore24 is the discovery of the year... Congrats guys!" Johnny Ollaru Novel Human "Digistore24 has been my most reliable business partner over the last years. With them, I scaled my online product from 0 to 500 K per month and if I have questions, they are right at my side. I have worked with many payment and merchant solutions before and nothing can compete with the simplicity, scalability and personal support of Digistore24." Florian Funk Funk Media Publishing "I have the utmost respect for the impeccable reliability of Digistore24. Moreover, it was the Digistore24 affiliate program that allowed me to multiply my reach and sales at the very moment when I believed that I reached the peak of my success. My advice is: Use Digistore24 - you will achieve things you didn't think were possible." Bodo Schäfer Best-Selling Author, Speaker, International Success-Coach "I tested most of the available platforms and experienced problems like processing and tracking sales, support response time, platform bugs... I was absolutely dazzled to discover that with Digistore24 I can finally focus on my business, resting assured they do their part. Digistore24 is the discovery of the year... Congrats guys!" Johnny Ollaru Novel Human "Digistore24 has been my most reliable business partner over the last years. With them, I scaled my online product from 0 to 500 K per month and if I have questions, they are right at my side. I have worked with many payment and merchant solutions before and nothing can compete with the simplicity, scalability and personal support of Digistore24." Florian Funk Funk Media Publishing "I have the utmost respect for the impeccable reliability of Digistore24. Moreover, it was the Digistore24 affiliate program that allowed me to multiply my reach and sales at the very moment when I believed that I reached the peak of my success. My advice is: Use Digistore24 - you will achieve things you didn't think were possible." Bodo Schäfer Best-Selling Author, Speaker, International Success-Coach Start now. It’s free to sign up. Digistore24 makes your life easier Coach/ Consultant Generate leads on autopilot and build trust in your brand - e.g. with e-books, webinars, free-plus-shipping books, online courses. Sell high-priced coachings and consultations as an upsell. We take care of your back office. You focus on your core business and gain time. Online Course Creator Sell your knowledge on autopilot and in a subscription model that brings you experienced affiliates. We take care of your tax calculation, invoicing, delivery, technical support, and much more. Focus on your products and the important things in life Software Developer Automate the sale of your software with flexible subscription models and earn more with upgrades or VIP support as an upsell. We take care of license key generation and delivery as well as bureaucracy like invoicing, billing and much more. You generate sales on autopilot and you finally have more time on your hands. Event Organizer (Online & Offline) & Speaker Put your event sale on autopilot and benefit from our e-ticketing. We take care of the paperwork such as taxation, invoicing, delivery and technical customer support, so that you have more time to focus on your business. Start-up CEO/ Online-Entrepreneur Start your business without financial risk and only pay a small margin, when you make a profit. We automate many of your time-consuming accounting and sales processes and free you from tasks that slow you down. Use the most most effective marketing & conversion tools that will help you grow fast. Marketing Manager Make your work easier. With Digistore24, you don't just set up high-converting sales processes. You also get the best tools in the industry. With the Conversion Cockpit you test and optimize your sales funnel. With the Business Cockpit you increase your customer value and always keep an eye on the most important figures of your business. Sales Professional Get all the data you need for new customer acquisition and say goodbye to “flying blind”! With our Business Cockpit, you set up your dashboard flexibly with the key figures you need for your pipeline of new customers. Furthermore, you maximize your closing rate via a fully-fledged telephone sales system and your sales figures via automated collaboration with professional affiliates. Analysts Never again will you have to search and compile data, maintain spreadsheets, and worry about calculation errors! With our Business Cockpit, you flexibly create your dashboard with key figures, that you really need. Once set up, the Business Cockpit generates your customer value, your conversion rate and much more. We sell your products on your behalf, automate your invoicing, tax filing, and more. Our affiliates market your products. Don't pay us a dime until you sell. Start now. It’s free to sign up. Work less with us Complete Reseller Service Sales in different countries Fraud prevention Refund management Secure payment processing​​ Start now. It’s free to sign up. Work less with us We automate your business Few of the things we do for you: Invoicing Taxation Product delivery Memberships Commission allocation Ticketing ...and more!​​ Start now. It’s free to sign up. Integrations All features Digistore24 is seamlessly integrated with Digibiz24 Build sales funnels, websites, and online courses without any technical knowledge. Enjoy the fastest page speed on the market. Offer your customers the Digibiz24 app to access your content on the go and even offline. Perfectly integrated with Digistore24 and other third-party apps. Try Digibiz24 FREE for 14 days With Digibiz24 you can easily create... …professional online courses. …member areas for your customers. …beautiful opt-in, sales and upsell pages. …a seamless connection to Digistore24 so you've got your whole business in one place. Without designers, developers, technical knowledge. With Digistore24 you can count on quality and security High-tech software made in Germany Our German in-house team of over 30 IT specialists continuously develops Digistore24 to the highest quality standards. World's most secure servers Benefit from our powerful and hack-proof servers with an availability of 100% (check our status page). Your business is safe with us. TÜV certified quality Digistore24 is TÜV-certified and guarantees tested quality for you and your customers. 100% GDPR compliant We work according to the highest data protection and security standards. To ensure that your company and your customers' data is protected in the best possible way, we have had our leading employees certified as data protection officers by Austrian Standards. Read our privacy policy and contact our data protection team at datenschutz@digistore24.com with any questions. as Featured on "Enabling entrepreneurs like you to grow their successful online business is my driving force. It turned Digistore24 to Europe's leading automation and affiliate marketing platform with over 250 million dollars in sales in 2019.With us, you will focus on your growth and the important things in life. Rest assured that we take care of your business with German reliability.I stand for that with my name." Sven Platte Founder of Digistore24,Serial IT Entrepreneur "When Digistore24 helped me to expand my business overseas, I was ignited to provide American entrepreneurs with the best German reseller platform and an international network of top affiliates. I know how growth is stalled by complicated technology and endless tasks. This is why we take tasks off of your hands.Grow your business on the international scale with German engineering and US marketing innovation." Francis Wolff CEO Digistore24 US With Digistore24 your customers will have a great experience when buying your products People click on your ad. ... then they land on your sales page and click "Buy now". ... they buy your product via the conversion-optimized Digistore24 order form. ... Digistore24 provides access to the purchased product. FAQs Why should I use Digistore24? Are you a vendor? - We take business processes like sales, bookkeeping and more off your hands. - You gain precious time to focus on your business and the important things in life. - We take care of payments. - We provide you the world's most secure servers. - It's risk free. You only pay a small share after you make sales. Are you an affiliate? - We provide you one of the largest marketplaces with 44 niches and over 8,000 products. - You earn up to 70% and more in commissions. - We pay you weekly and accurately. - It's 100% free for you. How does your reseller model work and what's in it for me as a vendor? Digistore24 sells your products on your behalf. That means, we take care of your backoffice processes while you take care of your business. Is it really risk free for me? Yes! We don't charge our product sellers until they make sales. Our margin is just 1€ + 7,9% of the gross price. A small price for the freedom to scale your business. We don't charge our affiliates at all. Which products can be sold on your platform? Digital products and services, online courses, software, online games, e-books, online and offline events. Physical products are not suited for Digistore24 (books, DVDs and nutritional supplements are an exception). Which products are a no-go for you? MLM, network marketing, erotic products, physical products (exception: books, DVDs and nutritional supplements). Which payment methods are you offering to my clients? We accept payment through VISA and MasterCard, SEPA Direct Debit, PayPal, bank transfer and payment by invoice. More Sales. Less Work. Register today and grow your business while we take care of your back office. Start now. It’s free to sign up. Close Close Close Sitemap Product Sellers Affiliates Business Cockpit Conversion Cockpit Mobile App DigiCalls About us Press Contact Jobs Hiring Find my order Register Live status page Knowledge Base Developers Contact us helpdesk@digistore24.com Digistore24 Inc. 360 Central AvenueSuite 800St. Petersburg, FL 33701 United States © 2024 Digistore24 Inc., all rights reserved Legal notice Privacy Terms and conditions × Login