abuse.ch | Fighting malware and botnets our mission our platforms blog statistics contact FIGHTING MALWARE AND BOTNETS abuse.ch is providing community driven threat intelligence on cyber threats. It is the home of a couple of projects that are helping internet service providers and network operators protecting their infrastructure from malware. IT-Security researchers, vendors and law enforcement agencies rely on data from abuse.ch, trying to make the internet a safer place. Learn more » OUR MISSION Initially launched as a private initiative of a random Swiss guy that wanted to fight cyber crime for the good of the internet, abuse.ch is nowadays providing community driven threat intelligence on cyber threats. abuse.ch's main goal is to identify and track cyber threats, with a strong focus on malware and botnets. We not only publish actionable threat intelligence data on cyber threats but also develop and operate platforms for IT security researchers and experts enabling them sharing relevant threat intel data with the community. Today, data from abuse.ch is already integrated in many commercial and open source security products. Vendors of security software and services rely on our data to protect their customers. But it doesn't stop there: organizations, internet service providers (ISPs), law enforcement and government entities consume data from abuse.ch to fight cyber threats targeting their constituency. Follow us on social media: @abuse_ch@ioc.exchange @abuse_ch abuse.ch OUR PLATFORMS abuse.ch operates the following public platforms: Sharing malware samples with the community, AV vendors and threat intelligence providers Tracking botnet C&C infrastructure associated with Emotet, Dridex and TrickBot Collecting and providing a blocklist for malicious SSL certificates and JA3/JA3s fingerprints Sharing malware distribution sites with the community, AV vendors and threat intelligence providers Sharing indicators of compromise (IOCs) the community and threat intelligence providers Hunt for suspicious files using YARA. Sharing your own YARA rules with the community BLOG abuse.ch appoints Spamhaus as a licensee to secure its future Published on 8th Aug 2022, 13:00:00 UTC On Monday, August 1st, 2022, Spamhaus Technology became the primary licensee of data produced by abuse.ch. Here's an outline of why this partnership was conceived and what it hopes to achieve in the future. In 2008, a sole researcher founded abuse.ch – a project committed to fighting abuse on the internet. Read on > Introducing YARAify Published on 13th June 2022, 11:23:48 UTC About a year ago, we have launched ThreatFox - a community driven platform to share indicators of compromise (IOCs). Today, I'm very excited to announce the launch of our most recent project: YARAify! YARAify is your central hub for scanning and hunting files using YARA. Read on > abuse.ch gets a new home at BFH Published on 1st June 2021, 07:25:31 UTC In October 2020, I've described the challenges I'm facing with operating abuse.ch as a non-profit project. I've also draw a plan for the future of abuse.ch that was collecting sufficient funds to turn abuse.ch into a research project. Today, I'm very excited to announce that the fund raising was successful and that as of April 15th 2021, abuse.ch became a research project at Institute for Cybersecurity and Engineering ICE hosted at the Bern University of Applied Sciences (BFH) in Switzerland. Read on > Introducing ThreatFox Published on 8th March 2021, 12:41:55 UTC In 2018, I've launched URLhaus - a platform where security researchers and threat analysts can share malware distribution sites with the community. A year ago, in March 2020, the launch of MalwareBazaar enabled the community to share malware samples with others and hunt for such by e.g. using YARA rules. The goal of abuse.ch always was to make threat intelligence easy accessible for everyone - for free, and without the need of a registration on a platform. Read on > Moving Forward Published on 26th October 2020, 13:45:09 UTC 13 years ago, I started to look at malware samples in my spare time that occasionally hit my personal mailbox. I've decided to document my findings in a blog, and abuse.ch was born. In the same year, ZeuS (aka Zbot) appeared. Sold on the dark web, it quickly became one of the most popular crimeware kits for cyber criminals to commit ebanking fraud and identity theft. Due to the rise of ZeuS in 2008/2009, I decided to create my first project: ZeuS Tracker. Read on > Introducing MalwareBazaar Published on 17th March 2020, 12:29:31 UTC Almost two years ago, I've launched URLhaus with the goal of collecting malware distribution sites. With more than 300,000 malware distribution sites tracked, the project still is a great success. However, over the past weeks, I've been focusing my efforts on a new project. And here' it is: MalwareBazaar! MalwareBazaar collects known malicious malware sample, enriches them with additional intelligence and provides them back to the community - for free! Read on > Blog Archive STATISTICS Most seen Malware # Malware 1 NetSupport 2 Downloader.Upatre 3 Urelas 4 Worm.Padodor 5 Cosmu 6 Worm.Vobfus 7 Worm.Sfone 8 Ganelp 9 Gh0stRAT 10 Ipamor Analysed File Types Malware Samples File Type 16605 exe 2908 js 718 dll 339 xlsx 225 xls 160 docx 131 xlsb 128 xlsm 99 doc 15 docm Processed Malware Samples per Day Spam Statistics Please submit any questions to our partner, Spamhaus Technology, via this contact form: https://www.spamhaus.com/contact-us-abuse-ch/ © Copyright 2021 by abuse.ch | Imprint