Lafayette College Skip to Main Content Lafayette College Search Lafayette.edu Close Search the Site Search the Directory Menu About Us Lafayette at a Glance Mission & History Inspired Leadership Why Not? Academics Departments & Programs Our Faculty Curriculum Offerings College Catalog Library Academic Support Academic Calendar Campus Life Living on Campus Clubs & Organizations The Arts Athletics Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Traditions About Easton Admissions & Aid What We Look For Admissions Visits How to Apply College Costs Financial Aid Deadlines and Forms Meet Our Team Policies Athletics The Arts News Events Giving Families Alumni Students, Faculty, & Staff Where passion and promise meet PLAN A VISIT Our interdisciplinary curriculum offers a rare combination of degree programs in LIBERAL ARTS AND ENGINEERING Discover the power of ‘AND.’ Build your future with 51 majors and 41 minors. Arts & Humanities Engineering Natural Sciences Social Sciences Interdisciplinary Departments and Majors student-faculty ratio students from 44 states & territories and 60 countries of student’s financial demonstrated need met Dive Into Discovery Undergraduate Research Meet the World Head On Study Abroad Unleash Your Entrepreneur Innovation Let Your Creativity Flourish The Arts Shape the World Around You Community Engagement Rally Around the Leopards Division I Athletics student clubs and organizations of new graduates are employed, in graduate school, or engaged in significant volunteer work of students live on campus Lafayette Now Everything Cur Non Lafayette College to host 2024 vice presidential debate The Commission on Presidential Debates announced that Lafayette College has been selected to host the 2024 vice presidential debate on Wednesday, Sept. 25, the first time the College has been chosen as the site for this tradition in American politics. Founders' Day Celebrations Special Collections and Archives acquires rare Lafayette letter Read more The world as a classroom Landis Active Citizens Through their dedicated engagement, these Lafayette and local community members are making a positive… Read more Lafayette welcomes Easton students for School Day Game Photos: First day of spring semester Lafayette College to host 2024 vice presidential debate The Commission on Presidential Debates announced that Lafayette College has been selected to host the 2024 vice presidential debate on Wednesday, Sept. 25, the first time the College has been chosen as the site for this tradition in American politics. Special Collections and Archives acquires rare Lafayette letter Read more Lafayette earns STARS gold rating for its sustainability programs Read more Prof. Michael Bertucci earns Henry Dreyfus Teacher-Scholar… Amy Herman ’88 to deliver keynote speech at 189th… Lafayette increases no-loan threshold to $200,000 Lafayette rises to 30th in U.S. News & World Report… Cur Non Cur Non, the motto of our namesake, the Marquis de Lafayette, is our rally cry. Cur Non means why not? Why not have the courage to live boldly? Why not engage in every aspect of learning? Why not use your intellect, energy, and talent to build the kind of world you believe in? As you will find at Lafayette, cur non means that for our students anything is possible. Ask yourself: why not COVID-19: Lafayette remains committed to staying stronger together and encourages all members of its campus community to take the appropriate steps outlined in the protocols and testing strategy to protect each other. Read the updates. Lafayette College Plan a Visit Contact (610) 330-5000 Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube Instagram Directory Offices & Resources College Store Employment Virtual Tour Take the Next Step Apply Visit Campus Request Info 730 High St, Easton, PA 18042 © 2024 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Non-Discrimination Policy Close About Us Academics Campus Life Admissions & Aid Search the Site Search the Directory Directions The College Shuttle Emergency Contact Directory Library Catalog Make A Gift Our Pulse Athletics The Arts News Events Giving Families Alumni Students, Faculty, & Staff Our People