Suffolk University in Boston - Suffolk University Looking to explore graduate school options? Join us at our Virtual Open House on 3/23 This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Suffolk University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the Suffolk University Cookie Policy. Close Skip Navigation Find a Program After typing a search term, you may arrow down to select common related searches. Accounting & Business Law Programs Advertising, Public Relations & Social Media Art & Design Big Data & Business Analytics Programs Biochemistry, Chemistry, Environment & Physics Biology Business Economics Communication, Journalism & Media Computer Science Crime & Justice Studies Disability Services Economics English Finance Financial Wealth Management Healthcare Administration Programs History, Language & Global Culture Information Systems & Operations Management Interdisciplinary Programs Law Programs Management & Entrepreneurship Management and Organizational Leadership Marketing Mathematics MBA Programs Philosophy Political Science & Legal Studies Psychology Public Administration Radiation Science & Radiation Therapy Sociology & Criminal Justice Sports Management Strategy & International Business Theatre View all Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Law Programs Search: Home About Academics Admission Student Life Alumni Visit Apply Give Athletics College & Schools College of Arts & Sciences Sawyer Business School Suffolk University Law School Madrid Campus Info for Prospective Undergrad Students Prospective Graduate Students Prospective Law Students Current Undergraduate Students Parents and Families Quick Links Athletics WebAdvisor Self Service Canvas Email Events Offices & Services Career Center Libraries & Archives Academic Calendar Staff Directory Employee Intranet Workday Suffolk 2025 Our City. Our Campus. Get directions and explore our neighborhood. Find a Program Visit Apply Give Athletics Search Toggle About Our Campus: Boston Diversity, Equity & Inclusion TRIO & First-Gen Forward Mission & History President & Leadership Suffolk at a Glance Events Accreditation News Contact Us Offices & Services Suffolk 2025 Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Law Programs Colleges & Schools Global Opportunities Continuing & Professional Education The Washington Center Faculty Directory Advising & Student Services Libraries & Archives Academic Calendar Academic Catalogs Summer at Suffolk Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Law Admission Admitted Students International Students Military Students & Families Tuition, Financial Aid, & Registrar Visit Launch Point: Boston Student Life Housing & Dining Student Involvement Athletics Student Services Orientation Counseling, Health, & Wellness Safety & Security Career Center Law Students Military Students & Families Current Student Resources Alumni Get Involved Stay Connected Benefits & Services Support Suffolk News & Events Contact Law Alumni Give Now Search Home Launch Point: Boston Suffolk at a Glance Apply to Suffolk Ours For The Making The Future Is Yours. And It Starts Now. Make Your Way An Unmatched Experience See what's unique about Suffolk and our community, in Boston and beyond. In the classroom, around the city, and across the globe. Featured News Athletics Class of 2023 A Whole New (4D!) World See how Suffolk is combining traditional learning with virtual reality in Suffolk University Magazine Read the Fall Issue Loading Content... More News Loading Content... Loading Content... Loading Content... Loading Content... Events You'll Step Outside the Classroom See real students discovering unreal opportunities. In Their Own Words Discovering A Better Version of Herself Becoming A Go-Getter Living a Momentous Journey Gaining A Global Competitive Advantage Growing As A Student & Person Taking On The City Running With Her Opportunities Taking On The Impossible Believing In His Ability To Succeed Getting Out Of Her Comfort Zone Welcoming All The City Offers Growing & Globetrotting Brightening Up Campus See all stories What You'll Study Degrees, majors, and other big decisions. Search Degrees and Programs From Finance to Government to Big Data & Business Analytics, choose from more than 60 areas of study taught by some of the most respected professors in Boston. Start Exploring Accounting & Business Law Programs Advertising, Public Relations & Social Media Art & Design Big Data & Business Analytics Programs Biochemistry, Chemistry, Environment & Physics Biology Business Economics Communication, Journalism & Media Computer Science Crime & Justice Studies Disability Services Economics English Finance Financial Wealth Management Healthcare Administration Programs History, Language & Global Culture Information Systems & Operations Management Interdisciplinary Programs Law Programs Management & Entrepreneurship Management and Organizational Leadership Marketing Mathematics MBA Programs Philosophy Political Science & Legal Studies Psychology Public Administration Radiation Science & Radiation Therapy Sociology & Criminal Justice Sports Management Strategy & International Business Theatre See all Degrees & Programs Take on Today's Biggest Challenges Start by thinking about the issues that really matter to you, and then explore the programs that will prepare you to make a real impact. Influence Public Policy Run for Office Do a Deep Dive With Data Practice Sports or Entertainment Law Counsel Troubled Youth Be Artistic in Cool New Ways Perfect My Sales Pitch Improve the Health of Healthcare See all challenges Where You'll Study College of Arts & Sciences Sawyer Business School Suffolk Law School The Washington Center What Sets Us Apart Suffolk by the Numbers 98% working or continuing ed 50+ study abroad opportunities 100+ student organizations 8 subway stops within a 5-minute walk 95% of freshmen receive financial aid 60+ undergraduate programs 13:1 student-to-faculty ratio 22 average number of students per class 50+ graduate programs Suffolk Today Video Transcript Transcript 00:00 (upbeat music) 00:06 - Suffolk University is driving us forward 00:09 as a city, as a Commonwealth and as a country, 00:12 reminding the rest of the nation, 00:14 about how much can you achieve through prioritizing 00:17 and investing in higher education. 00:19 (upbeat music continues) 00:53 - Suffolk calls on students to think of themselves 00:55 as citizens, active members of our society, 00:58 people who shape our future. 01:27 - To know so many people 01:28 from all around the world and be able 01:29 to enjoy this wonderful city 01:31 it has been a fantastic experience. 01:46 - One of the biggest goals 01:46 of our marketing department is to incorporate 01:49 as many experiential learning projects as possible. 02:01 - We approached Suffolk 02:02 because we felt that the students 02:03 would have a lot of insight 02:05 on how we could improve our business. 02:16 - Doing Suffolk in the City and being live on NECN 02:19 as a college student for all of New England 02:21 that's an opportunity that I will remember 02:23 for the rest of my life. 02:38 - We are Suffolk University 02:40 and we are a powerful force for good. 02:43 (audience applause) 02:46 - All at Suffolk, we are so privileged 02:50 to be exposed to an environment with the ultimate aim 02:53 of creating well rounded individuals 02:56 with an insatiable passion for life, success and happiness. 03:0100:05 Suffolk University is driving us forward 00:08 as a city as a Commonwealth and as a 00:11 country reminding the rest of the nation 00:14 about how much can be achieved through 00:16 prioritizing and investing in higher 00:18 education 00:52 Suffolk calls on students to think 00:54 themselves as citizens active members of 00:57 our society people who shape our future 01:26 to know so many people from all around 01:28 the world and be able to enjoy this 01:30 wonderful city it has been a fantastic 01:32 experience 01:45 one of the biggest goals of our 01:46 marketing department is to incorporate 01:48 as many experiential projects as 01:51 possible 02:00 we approached Suffolk because we felt that 02:03 the students would have a lot of insight 02:05 on how we could improve our business 02:16 giving Suffolk in the city and being 02:17 live on NECN it's a college student for 02:20 all of New England that's an opportunity 02:21 that I will remember for the rest of my 02:23 life 02:37 we are Suffolk University and we are a 02:41 powerful force for good oh absolutely 02:47 we are so privileged to be exposed to an 02:51 environment with the ultimate aim of 02:53 creating a well-rounded individuals with 02:56 an insatiable passion for life 02:59 and happiness About Academics Admission Student Life Alumni About Us News Events Suffolk A-Z Staff Directory Work at Suffolk College & Schools College of Arts & Sciences Sawyer Business School Suffolk University Law School Madrid Campus Find It Fast Email WebAdvisor Self Service Canvas Libraries & Archives Employee Intranet Bookstore Campus Resources Other Legal Disclaimer Notice of Non-Discrimination Privacy Policy Title IX Cookie Policy Contact Us 1-617-573-8000 73 Tremont Street Boston, MA 02108 Follow Suffolk Copyright © 2024 Suffolk University. All rights reserved.