GSMA | GSMA GSMA Skip to content Solutions and impact Solutions and impact Solutions and impact - What we do to help business and society thrive Industry Services Industry Services Device Services Network Services Certification Services Industry Services Training and consulting Training and consulting GSMA Advance GSMA Capacity Building GSMA Intelligence Training and consulting Connectivity for Good Connectivity for Good External Affairs Mobile for Development Public Policy Spectrum The Mobile Economy Connectivity for Good Technologies Technologies GSMA Open Gateway 5G and Networks eSIM Mobile identity Internet of things Security Artificial intelligence Technologies Industries Industries Fintech Smart Mobility Manufacturing and digital industries Industries Solutions and impact Discover Discover Discover - Quickly find what you need from our curated library of resources. Breaking Barriers Gender Equality Get involved Get involved Get involved - Find out all the ways to join in and make a difference in the industry and your career. Membership Membership By industry Our members Benefits Become a member Events Membership Working Groups Working Groups Networks, roaming and interconnect eSIM and devices Emerging technologies Fraud and security Industry forums and vertical communities Working Groups GSMA Foundry GSMA Foundry Projects Events Awards GSMA Foundry Events Events MWC Barcelona MWC Las Vegas MWC Kigali MWC Shanghai M360 Series 4YFN MWL Unwrapped Events Get involved About us About us About us - Meet the GSMA, learn about our history and discover our career opportunities. Our leadership Our leadership Chairman Director General GSMA Board Our leadership Who we are Who we are Our history Our technology Sustainability GSMA Foundation Who we are Regions Regions Asia Pacific Europe Greater China Latin America Middle East and North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Regions Careers Careers View vacancies Careers Contact us Contact us Worldwide offices Contact us About us Newsroom Newsroom Newsroom - The hub for all the news about the GSMA, from the latest to the archived. Latest news Press releases The archive Newsroom Search Your browser does not support the video tag. Together with our members, we make connectivity work for all. More on what we do Quick links Open Gateway Membership Working groups GSMA Intelligence Training Our latest news Highlights from MWC Barcelona 2024 With over 101,000 attendees – it’s been an epic show! Don’t worry if you missed anything – you can watch all the keynotes on-demand, read the news and catch up with the big announcements. Visit mwcbarcelona.com GSMA announces the return of M360 MENA 2024 Read article Mobile Net Zero: State of the Industry on Climate Action 2024 Read report Our campaign to reach the 3 billion people without access to the internet. Breaking Barriers Just in – FCDO renews £37.3 million partnership with GSMA Read article Mobile Economy Report 2024: expert analysis of the state of the industry. Read report GSMA Open Gateway’s year of success is making waves in the industry. Read article Hear from some of the most inspiring thought leaders in the ecosystem. Explore full agenda Explore MWC Barcelona 2024 Latest report GSMA Foundry Mobile Innovation Report 2024 Read report Worldwide connectivity events Highlights MWC Barcelona 26-29 February, 2024 Watch now Upcoming M360 Eurasia 15-16 May, 2024Baku, Azerbaijan Learn more more Get involved GSMA membership Join our 15,000-strong community of industry experts – it’s your opportunity to form lasting business relationships and direct the future of mobile technology. Become a member Meet the GSMA Learn about the mobile industry’s commitment to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals, who’s on our board, what it’s like to work here and our history. About us The GSMA app Get up-to-the-minute industry news straight to your phone, plus networking and analysis on the go. Download the GSMA app now. Latest global data GSMA Intelligence brings unrivalled insight into shifts in the mobile industry, supporting mobile operators with strategic decision-making and long-term investment planning. You can easily size up markets, profile competitors and future-proof business planning. Plus, our expert analyst team is available to help guide you. Get more key data Mobile connections including cellular IoT Growth, year on year Unique mobile subscribers Growth, year on year Contact the GSMA Please get in touch if you need more information or have any queries about anything you see on our website. Contact us Solutions and impact Industry Services Training and consulting Connectivity for Good Technologies Industries Get involved Membership GSMA Foundry Events Download the GSMA app About us Contact us Regional sites Worldwide offices Privacy / Legal Careers Newsroom Latest news Press releases The archive Quick links IMEI Database Legal Privacy - Terms © Copyright 2024 GSM Association.The GSM logo is registered and owned by the GSM Association.