Royal Academy of Engineering Open menu Support Us Login Search Programmes and Prizes Programmes UK Grants and Prizes Support for Research APEX Awards Chair in Emerging Technologies Industrial Fellowships Leverhulme Trust Research Fellowships Research Chairs and Senior Research Fellowships Research Fellowships Research Internships Scheme (Pilot) UK IC Postdoctoral Research Fellowships Support for education Amazon Future Engineer Bursary Diversity Impact Programme Engineering Leaders Scholarship Graduate Engineering Engagement programme Inclusive leadership programme The Lord Bhattacharyya Engineering Education Programme MSc Motorsport Northern Ireland Engineering Education Programme Sainsbury Management Fellowships Visiting professors Ingenious public engagement awards International Programmes Africa Catalyst Distinguished International Associates Frontiers Global Talent Visa Higher Education Partnerships in sub-Saharan Africa Leaders in Innovation Fellowships Meet the researchers Engineering X Prizes Africa Prize MacRobert Award Colin Campbell Mitchell Award Bhattacharyya Award Major Project Award for Sustainability President's Medal Prince Philip Medal Princess Royal Silver Medal The President's Special Awards for Pandemic Service Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering Sir Frank Whittle Medal RAEng Engineers Trust Young Engineer of the Year Rooke Award RAEng Armourers and Brasiers Company Prize Enterprise Hub Grants management system Policy and Resources National Engineering Policy Centre Education policy Engineering policy Research and innovation Support for policymakers D&I resources Policy publications Engineering ethics Education and Skills Education Policy Engineering in Schools Engineering in Further Education Engineering in Higher Education STEM Resources National Engineering Day This Is Engineering News and Events News Blogs Events Press and media centre About Us Who we are Staff, Trustee board and committees Our policies Charter, Statutes and Regulations Fellowship New Fellows 2023 Fellowship fit for the future Election to the Fellowship News of Fellows Our Impact Policy and Innovation Talent and Diversity Supporting Innovation Supporting research Engineering to meet the Sustainable Development Goals Diversity and Inclusion Inclusive cultures Diversity and inclusion progression framework 2024 diversity and inclusion conference Awardee Excellence Community About the Awardee Excellence Community Stay connected Awardee Excellence Community Events Meet the team International International Partnerships International Programmes Work with us Calls for proposal Programmes and Prizes Programmes UK Grants and Prizes Support for Research APEX Awards Chair in Emerging Technologies Industrial Fellowships Leverhulme Trust Research Fellowships Research Chairs and Senior Research Fellowships Research Fellowships Research Internships Scheme (Pilot) UK IC Postdoctoral Research Fellowships Support for education Amazon Future Engineer Bursary Diversity Impact Programme Engineering Leaders Scholarship Graduate Engineering Engagement programme Inclusive leadership programme The Lord Bhattacharyya Engineering Education Programme MSc Motorsport Northern Ireland Engineering Education Programme Sainsbury Management Fellowships Visiting professors Ingenious public engagement awards International Programmes Africa Catalyst Distinguished International Associates Frontiers Global Talent Visa Higher Education Partnerships in sub-Saharan Africa Leaders in Innovation Fellowships Meet the researchers Engineering X Prizes Africa Prize MacRobert Award Colin Campbell Mitchell Award Bhattacharyya Award Major Project Award for Sustainability President's Medal Prince Philip Medal Princess Royal Silver Medal The President's Special Awards for Pandemic Service Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering Sir Frank Whittle Medal RAEng Engineers Trust Young Engineer of the Year Rooke Award RAEng Armourers and Brasiers Company Prize Enterprise Hub Grants management system Policy and Resources National Engineering Policy Centre Education policy Engineering policy Research and innovation Support for policymakers D&I resources Policy publications Engineering ethics Education and Skills Education Policy Engineering in Schools Engineering in Further Education Engineering in Higher Education STEM Resources National Engineering Day This Is Engineering News and Events News Blogs Events Press and media centre About Us Who we are Staff, Trustee board and committees Our policies Charter, Statutes and Regulations Fellowship New Fellows 2023 Fellowship fit for the future Election to the Fellowship News of Fellows Our Impact Policy and Innovation Talent and Diversity Supporting Innovation Supporting research Engineering to meet the Sustainable Development Goals Diversity and Inclusion Inclusive cultures Diversity and inclusion progression framework 2024 diversity and inclusion conference Awardee Excellence Community About the Awardee Excellence Community Stay connected Awardee Excellence Community Events Meet the team International International Partnerships International Programmes Work with us Calls for proposal Support Us Login Search Together we’re working to address the challenges of our age Harnessing the power of engineering and technology to build a sustainable society and an inclusive economy that works for everyone. Building an inclusive economy that works for everyone Through partnerships, policy, and support for research and entrepreneurs, we strive for a more diverse and inclusive profession developing products and services that benefit everyone. Experts share their views on the latest AI breakthroughs, and how to engineer it responsibly "Five technologies that are most critical to the UK" - catch up on our recent Critical Conversations events Engineering Economy and Place: a new framework for thinking about the role of engineering in local economies Explore how to keep buildings ventilated and healthy in our interactive report Resource: The Entrepreneur's Handbook Creating a sustainable society We help engineers and policymakers to create systems and solutions to address the climate crisis and support more sustainable use and management of natural resources. Engineering Zero - resources and advice for a just transition to net zero by 2050 What are the challenges, and opportunities, surrounding the open burning of waste? Engineering Review of the Year 2023 Nominations now open for Major Project Award for Sustainability Video explainers - watch our series on the complexity and urgency of climate policy Pioneering fuel cell technology from Ceres Power wins 2023 MacRobert Award National Engineering Day: a celebration of engineers and engineering making a difference Latest from the Academy Global consortium led by Engineering X wins over $1 million for project to stop open burning of waste Project will focus on reduction of highly toxic black carbon and other short-lived climate pollutants emitted by open burning of waste. Read more Academy comments on the government's new engineering biology funding and innovation cluster mapping tool Professor Sir Jim McDonald FREng FRSE, President of the Royal Academy of Engineering responds to the government's newly announced science and tech package Read more Academy announces global technology champion John Lazar as Presidential candidate The Trustee Board of the Royal Academy of Engineering has nominated technology pioneer and investor Dr John Lazar CBE FREng as its Presidential candidate for election by Fellows at the September 2024… Read more New Fellows 2023 The Fellowship of the Academy is an unrivalled community of leading business people, entrepreneurs, innovators and academics from every part of engineering and technology, who shape the Academy's work to build a sustainable society and inclusive economy that work for everyone. Professor David Phoenix OBE DL FREng Professor David Phoenix’s bio-molecular engineering research on soft matter and its interface with medical devices is advancing drug design and improving thousands of people’s lives through new pulmonary treatments. Read more Dr Marlene Kanga AO FREng Dr Marlene Kanga, an Officer of the Order of Australia for distinguished service to engineering, is an inspiring leader, listed among Australia’s top women engineers. She was the National President of Engineers Australia (2013) and President of the World Federation of Engineering Organizations (2017-2019). Read more Dr Sabesan Sithamparanathan FREng Dr Sabesan Sithamparanathan is a multi-award-winning academic entrepreneur who invented and developed the world’s most accurate battery-free radio frequency identification tracking based on his PhD. Read more Jonathan Baggs FREng Jon Baggs is one of the most experienced nuclear safety consultants in the country, leading on first of type, multi-million-pound safety cases, including the intermediate level waste store at Hunterston A power station. Read more Professor Wyn Meredith FREng FLSW Professor Wyn Meredith has made outstanding contributions to industrial engagement in UK semiconductor device research over a 30-year career. Read more Professor Richard Miller FREng As Founding President of Olin College of Engineering in the US in 1999, Professor Richard Miller is credited with developing a higher education institution renowned for its excellence in engineering education that has had profound transformational global impact. Read more Professor Ruth Cameron FREng Professor Ruth Cameron has an outstanding 30-year track record of pioneering world-class interdisciplinary research. Her transformative work has impacted the fields of medical materials, pharmaceutical engineering, and polymer engineering. Read more Professor Michael Clinch FREng Professor Mike Clinch is an influential industrial leader with over 25 years of experience in advanced materials and high-value manufacturing organisations. Read more Professor Bikash Pal FREng Professor Bikash Pal is internationally known for innovations and engineering achievements contributing to the stability and control of power networks with renewable generation. Read more Professor Richard Dawson FREng Professor Richard Dawson is an outstanding engineer, internationally recognised for his work on climate change adaptation of cities and infrastructure. Read more Peter Dearman FREng Peter Dearman is renowned for his leadership of railway electrification and system safety for the UK rail network and is regarded by many peers as the leading rail electrical and mechanical engineer of his generation. Read more Professor Viola Vogel FREng Professor Viola Vogel discovered the first high-resolution structural mechanisms about how nature exploits proteins as force-regulated nanoscale mechano-chemical switches, validated them in cell culture, and now translates them towards medical applications. Read more Dr Robert Deaves FREng FLSW Dr Rob Deaves has made outstanding contributions to robotics research, development and academia-industry collaboration. Read more John Downes FREng John Downes has shown exceptional leadership in the power generation sector through a period of immense change. He was responsible as design authority across a portfolio of major Thermal and Renewable generation projects including Offshore and Onshore Wind, CCGT and Energy from Waste technologies. Read more Dr Marc Harper FREng Dr Marc Harper is the leader of the wireless development team for Surface and Microsoft, where he oversees the design and implementation of wireless technologies for various products and devices. Read more Dr Rosemary Francis FREng Dr Rosemary Francis is a technologist and entrepreneur who built and sold a world-class software business, where she invented and took to market unique products that solved important problems in high-performance computing. Read more Professor Robert Killey FREng Professor Robert Killey has made pioneering contributions to optical fibre communications technology, in the areas of fibre nonlinearity and the applications of digital signal processing in optical transceivers. Read more Professor Michael Fitzpatrick FREng Professor Michael Fitzpatrick is an internationally respected materials engineer renowned for his contribution to the development and application of experimental stress analysis. Read more Professor Sean Gong Professor Sean Gong is a computer vision and machine learning scientist. He pioneered person re-identification and video behaviour analysis for law enforcement. Read more Professor Alex Frangi FREng Professor Alex Frangi pioneered computational medicine with internationally leading contributions in fundamental and translational computational medical imaging and image-based computational medicine. Read more Professor Stepan Lucyszyn FREng Professor Stepan Lucyszyn is world renowned for his pioneering work in microwave engineering. Read more Professor Ashwani Gupta FREng Professor Ashwani Gupta is a leading international authority on swirl flows and volume distributed combustion. Read more Professor David Greenwood FREng Professor David Greenwood is currently working on delivery mechanisms and funding proposals to provide the next-generation skills needed by the future automotive industry. Read more Air Vice-Marshal Simon Ellard CB FREng Air Vice-Marshal Simon Ellard has a distinguished career as a senior engineering leader in the Royal Air Force (RAF) and internationally in many project director roles, spanning over 30 years. Read more Dr Caroline Hazlewood FREng Dr Caroline Hazlewood leads the highly successful Flood and Water Management Group at HR Wallingford and oversees the flood modelling software distribution business in Italy and Malaysia. Read more Dr Simon Harrison FREng Dr Simon Harrison is a leading voice in public policy around engineering’s implications in energy transition and decarbonisation. Read more Professor Graham Hutchings CBE FREng FRS Professor Graham Hutchings is distinguished for his work pioneering the use of gold catalysts. He was the first to predict and subsequently demonstrate that gold would be a highly effective catalyst for acetylene hydrochlorination to produce vinyl chloride monomer (VCM), which is now commercialised extensively in Asia. Read more Dame Angela McLean DBE HonFREng FRS Professor Dame Angela McLean DBE FRS is the Government Chief Scientific Adviser having taken up the role in April 2023. She is also Head of the Government Science and Engineering Profession. Read more Ian Funnell FREng Ian Funnell is Chair of the UK’s National Nuclear Laboratory, Chair of the NG Bailey Group, Chair of the Energy Futures Laboratory at Imperial College London, and advisor to the Chair of Hitachi Europe. Read more Professor Felix Schmid FREng Professor Felix Schmid is highly respected for championing systems engineering in railway projects and operations and for creating and developing the first advanced education programme for the railway industry. Read more Professor Wenfei Fan FREng FRS FRSE Professor Wenfei Fan is distinguished for developing new data management theories and applying them to practice through commercial systems and products. Read more Dr Andrew Mackintosh FREng Dr Andrew Mackintosh has a distinguished career leading and supporting organisations that are at the forefront of scaling up and commercialising new technology. Read more Professor Julian J Bommer FREng Professor Julian Bommer is a civil engineer who works at the interface between Earth sciences and geotechnical and structural engineering, with a specific focus on mitigation of the risks posed by natural and induced earthquakes. Read more Professor Ahmed Kovacevic FREng Professor Ahmed Kovacevic is internationally renowned for pioneering methods and tools to design rotary positive displacement machines. His sustained and distinguished career has allowed him to make an outstanding contribution to the compressor industry. Read more Professor Paul Needham FREng Professor Paul Needham is recognised internationally for his outstanding contributions to solving Engineering problems in aerospace design and manufacture across multiple aircraft platforms. Read more Professor Bill O'Neill FREng Professor Bill O’Neill is widely acknowledged as a leading expert in the field of high-power lasers and their use in materials processing. He founded the Centre for Industrial Photonics at Cambridge University, focusing on delivering new laser-based manufacturing solutions to industry. Read more Professor Timothy O'Farrell FREng In wireless communications, Professor Timothy O’Farrell has made significant contributions in waveform and energy-efficiency design for radio access networks (RANs). Read more Professor Jim Al-Khalili CBE HonFREng FRS Professor Jim Al-Khalili is a well-known author, broadcaster and science communicator. He is a past president of the British Science Association and a recipient of the Royal Society’s Michael Faraday and Wilkins-Bernal-Medawar medals, the Institute of Physics Kelvin medal and the Stephen Hawking Medal for Science Communication. Read more Gwen Parry-Jones OBE FREng A chartered physicist, Gwen Parry-Jones OBE FREng has invested her working life in delivering large engineering projects across the full nuclear enterprise. Read more Professor John Dear FREng Professor John Dear is an outstanding international leader in developing and applying innovative speckle strain mapping techniques to high-speed impact of composite structures for aircraft, structural health monitoring of critical engineering components for power-stations and blast resistance of laminated glass structures for landmark buildings. Read more Professor Keith Worden FREng Professor Keith Worden is a world-leading authority in structural dynamics, notably in the areas of nonlinear dynamics and structural health monitoring. Read more Professor Harish Bhaskaran FREng Professor Harish Bhaskaran is distinguished for his research achievements in engineering nanoscale devices including breakthrough photonic or neuromorphic computing and displays. Read more David Quarton FREng David Quarton is a leading light in wind energy engineering. He led a team of around 100 engineers who designed 20 multi-megawatt turbines for customers in Europe, the US, China, and Korea. David Riordan FREng David Riordan is an exceptional engineer who has developed an international reputation in the field of aerospace engine nacelle design, analysis and testing. Read more Professor Catriona Savage FREng Professor Catriona Savage has risen quickly within the naval architecture profession, making an impact in industry, academia and the professional institutions. Read more Dr Chris Robinson FREng Dr Chris Robinson is recognised internationally as an expert in turbomachinery and for having built up PCA Engineers, a UK-based SME, into one of the world’s leading, independent consultancy businesses in gas turbine and turbomachinery design. Read more Professor Malcolm Macdonald FREng FRSE Professor Malcolm Macdonald is distinguished through his role in shaping the future of the space sector, both nationally and internationally. Read more Professor Ashwin Seshia FREng Professor Ashwin Seshia has made significant contributions to the fields of microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and sensor systems. Read more Dr Jon-Paul Sherlock FREng Dr Jon-Paul Sherlock is a highly influential chemical engineer, differentiated throughout his career in pharmaceuticals by his passion for technical innovation. Read more Professor Iain Todd FREng Professor Iain Todd is an international authority in the field of powder metallurgy and additive manufacture of metals and alloys. His work focuses on enhancing the manufacturing rate while simultaneously improving component quality and structural integrity. Read more Desmond Balmforth FREng Des Balmforth is a chartered mechanical engineer with significant multidiscipline experience across manufacturing, engineering, project management and procurement. Read more Professor Ashutosh Tiwari FREng Professor Ashutosh Tiwari is internationally renowned for research in digital manufacturing and works in partnership with industry to develop new techniques and solutions for digitalisation, instrumentation, in-process monitoring and real-time simulation of skill-intensive manufacturing processes, such as wing manufacture and engine assembly. Read more Jack Stockdale OBE FREng Jack Stockdale OBE is an outstanding software engineer and technical leader who is recognised for the development of novel machine learning, artificial intelligence and cybersecurity methods and systems that are at the core of widely used commercial products for Darktrace, blinkx and Autonomy. Read more Dr Ken Sutherland FREng FRSE Dr Ken Sutherland is a leading engineering figure at the interface between medicine, engineering and the life sciences in Scotland and the UK. His influence in this sector has translated into global medical products that bring benefit to clinicians, patients, researchers and the medical industry. Read more Professor Barbara Shollock FREng Professor Barbara Shollock is a leading advocate for engineering through a range of activities, most recently as founding Head of the relaunched Department of Engineering at King’s College London. Mark Wild OBE FREng Mark Wild has more than 35 years of experience leading complex and critical infrastructure. Mark took up the role of CEO for Scotia Gas Networks, one of the UK’s largest gas distribution networks, in August 2022. Read more Professor Daryl Williams FREng Professor Daryl Williams is an internationally recognised expert in particle engineering and inventor of novel powder surface characterisation instruments, globally commercialised by his company Surface Measurement Systems. Read more Professor Nadine Aubry FREng Professor Nadine Aubry has made outstanding contributions to fluid mechanics, particularly turbulence, microfluidics and reduced order modelling and leadership in the global engineering community. Read more David Peattie FREng David Peattie is a highly regarded international engineering leader in the energy sector. Since 2017, he has been Group CEO of the UK’s Nuclear Decommissioning Authority. Read more Dr Andy Wright FREng Dr Andy Wright is recognised for his strategic leadership of research and technology and its commercialisation for BAE Systems UK, and for his broader leadership of the industrial, government and academic nexus for defence research and development. Read more Dame Kate Bingham DBE HonFREng Dame Kate Bingham has spent 30 years building and investing in biotech companies as Managing Partner at SV Health Investors, one of the longest tenured biotechnology investors globally. Read more Lord David Willetts PC HonFREng FRS FMedSci The Rt Hon. Lord Willetts is the President of the Resolution Foundation. He served as the Member of Parliament for Havant (1992 to 2015), as Minister for Universities and Science (2010 to 2014), and previously worked at HM Treasury and the No. 10 Policy Unit. Read more Christopher Young FREng As Group Chief Engineer of Rolls-Royce Group, Chris Young is the senior functional leader for engineering across the whole company and is responsible for ensuring the safety and quality of all products and services delivered. Read more Dr Pavel Cheben FREng Dr Pavel Cheben is a global leader in photonics, integrated optics science and engineering. His groundbreaking contributions in silicon photonics have fuelled fundamental advances across multiple technologies, enhancing both short- and long-range communication links, biomolecular sensing, and on-chip spectrometry. Read more Professor Bashar Nuseibeh FREng Professor Bashar Nuseibeh has led fundamental research and development of many award-winning and high-impact software requirements technologies and their practical applications for the assurance of evolving and adaptive mission-critical systems. Read more Dr Dennis Ganendra FREng Dr Dennis Ganendra, as an outstanding civil engineer, has grown his business to become one of the largest, award-winning multidisciplinary engineering consultancies in Southeast Asia. Read more Professor Vikram Deshpande FREng FRS Professor Vikram Deshpande has made seminal contributions to the mechanics of engineering materials. Read more Professor Tim Abram FREng Professor Tim Abram is internationally renowned in the field of nuclear engineering with specific expertise in nuclear reactor and fuel design. Read more Professor Wolfgang Marquardt FREng Professor Wolfgang Marquardt is a pre-eminent member of the world’s process systems engineering community, having made seminal contributions across the entire spectrum. Read more Baroness Martha Lane Fox CBE HonFREng FMedSci Co-Founder of Lastminute.com, Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho was influential in starting the UK’s dot com boom in the late 1990s. Today she is a businesswoman, philanthropist and public servant. Read more Professor Joby Boxall FREng Professor Joby Boxall is a leading international authority on urban water engineering and is recognised for his research on drinking water distribution systems infrastructure. Read more Professor Georgios Giannakis FREng Professor Georgios B. Giannakis has made pivotal and pioneering contributions to statistical signal processing, telecommunications, sensor networks, data science, graph learning, patents influencing wireless standards, and mentoring of young researchers. Read more Dr Joshua Macabuag FREng Dr Josh Macabuag has provided technical advances in catastrophe risk modelling, quantifying disaster risk for renewable energy, via his own company, Renew-Risk and for developing countries, via the World Bank. Read more "Engineering is everywhere, but nowhere the same, and our new Fellows represent the great breadth and diversity of engineers who are striving to address some of the world’s most complex challenges." Sir Jim McDonald GBE FREng FRSE, President of the Royal Academy of Engineering Read more "We want to celebrate the UK’s engineers and showcase how they are improving lives. This new research emphasises the economic impact of the sector across the UK, revealing how important engineering is for employment and prosperity in a wide range of regions." Dr Hayaatun Sillem CBE, CEO of the Royal Academy of Engineering Read more "We hope we can use the insights in this global overview of the engineering response to COVID-19 to better integrate engineering skills and habits of mind into resilience policies and structures around the world, to improve our recovery from the virus, and to help us on the path to a safer, more prepared and resilient future." Professor Peter Guthrie OBE FREng, Chair of the Engineering X Pandemic Preparedness board Read more "The global impact these vibrant and creative innovations have already had on their respective sectors and society at large is cementing UK engineering’s leading role on the world stage. It goes to show quite how far-reaching UK engineering now is." Professor Sir Richard Friend FREng FRS, Chair of the Royal Academy of Engineering MacRobert Award judging panel Previous Next Prince Philip House, 3 Carlton House Terrace, London SW1Y 5DG (+44) 020 7766 0600 © Royal Academy of Engineering - Registered Charity: 293074 Contact Us Accessibility Cookies Login Work with us Modern Slavery Statement Disclaimer Privacy policy Queen Elizabeth Prize This is Engineering Ingenia magazine Prince Philip House venue hire Linkedin Facebook Twitter