Courthouse News Service | Probably the best news site in the world Updates to our Terms of Use We are updating our Terms of Use. Please carefully review the updated Terms before proceeding to our website. I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that my information will be used as described in the Privacy Policy Submit Login to CNS Plus Login to CasePortal Monday, March 4, 2024 Free Litigation Reports Find Judicial Opinions AppealsArtsBusinessCivil RightsConsumersCourtsCriminalEconomyEducationEmploymentEnergyEntertainmentEnvironmentFinancialGovernmentHealthInternationalLawMediaNationalOp-EdPersonal InjuryPodcastPoliticsRegionalReligionScienceSecuritiesSportsTechnologyTrials Login to CNS Plus Login to CNS Plus Login to CasePortal Search Articles Free Litigation Reports Find Judicial Opinions Search AppealsBusinessConsumersCriminalEducationEnergyEnvironmentGovernmentInternationalMediaOp-EdPodcastRegionalScienceSportsTrials ArtsCivil RightsCourtsEconomyEmploymentEntertainmentFinancialHealthLawNationalPersonal InjuryPoliticsReligionSecuritiesTechnology Free Litigation Reports Find Judicial Opinions Login to CNS Plus Login to CasePortal Monday, March 4, 2024 View Back issues Monday, March 4, 2024 Business Courts Economy Entertainment Op-Ed Politics Podcast Science Trials More Appeals Arts Civil Rights Consumers Criminal Education Employment Energy Environment Financial Government Health International Law Media National Personal Injury Regional Religion Securities Sports Technology Trump wins Supreme Court fight over Colorado ballot disqualification The high court’s ruling shuts down efforts across the country to disqualify the former president from the 2024 presidential election for his actions after losing the 2020 election. by Kelsey Reichmann Arizona Senate committee approves bill to ban voting centers The bill would require voters to cast their ballots at polling places within their precincts. by Joe Duhownik Historic vote: France enshrines abortion into constitution With abortion rights under attack in the United States, France wanted to set an example by enshrining the right to abortion in the French Constitution. by Cain Burdeau Column Recognizing people Slowly but surely, the legal system is recognizing people in our society. Who's next? by Milt Policzer Read Closing Arguments A roundup of our top stories, delivered Fridays to your inbox. Check out the latest and back issues here! Allen Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury at Trump’s civil fraud trial Prosecutors recommended five months of jail time for the former finance chief of the Trump Organization, who pleaded guilty to two charges of perjury. by Erik Uebelacker Podcast Decision 2024 Establishment Republicans and a 'political outsider' lock horns for chance to take on Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown Polls show a close battle among Secretary of State Frank LaRose and state Senator Matt Dolan — both seeking to elevate their political careers — and the Trump-endorsed businessman Bernie Moreno, who has positioned himself as an outsider in the three-horse race. by Kevin Koeninger Courts & the Law Florida ban on ‘woke’ workplace training violates First Amendment, 11th Circuit rules Florida's prohibition of mandatory workplace diversity training promoting progressive ideas is "poison, not antidote," to free speech, the appeals court found. by Kayla Goggin Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The justices are being asked to jump into another fight between the Biden administration and Texas over immigration. by Kelsey Reichmann College bias response teams won't get SCOTUS review Dissenting Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito said the court's decision leaves open a controversial free speech issue affecting universities across the country. by Megan Butler Judge rejects Senator Bob Menendez’s motion to suppress evidence in federal corruption case A Manhattan federal judge rejected the New Jersey senator's claims that search warrants in his case were peppered with misrepresentations and omissions. by Josh Russell Arizona governor vetoes bill that would make border crossing a state crime The Republican-backed bill would give local law enforcement authority to arrest non-U.S. citizens for entering the country outside of a legal port of entry. by Joe Duhownik Massachusetts Air Guardsman pleads guilty to leaking classified documents A member of Gen Z with a troubled past admitted to posting military secrets about Ukraine on social media. by Thomas F. Harrison Frida Kahlo Corporation files suit for trademark violations over anticapitalist artist's image Kahlo's image has been thoroughly commodified since her death in 1954. by Dave Byrnes Feds rest narco-bribery case against ex-Honduran president Facing life in prison on drug conspiracy and weapons charges, ex-Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernández is the first head of state on trial in the United States since former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega. by Josh Russell Around the Nation IRS defends mass summons of Coinbase financial records at First Circuit While the judge allowed the laws to stay on the books, she did strike down certain provisions, including those requiring voters to put their birthplace on registration forms. by Nika Schoonover JetBlue bails on $3.8 billion merger with Spirit amid regulatory 'hurdles' A Boston judge blocked the merger in January, finding that it would violate antitrust law. by Erik Uebelacker US imposes sanctions on Zimbabwe president, government officials Washington revised its sanctions policy on Monday, ending an order put in place by former President George W. Bush. by Nolan Stout 10th Circuit paves way for environmental groups to intervene in decade-old Utah road dispute The Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance petitioned to intervene in a property dispute between the United States and Kane County, Utah, to ensure its members are heard when it comes to maintaining roads through pristine wilderness. by Amanda Pampuro Alameda County DA blasts recall effort as flawed Opponents of Alameda County DA Pamela Price say they have the signatures to recall her. California officials will have to make that call. by Natalie Hanson Minnesota Supreme Court hears case on state dog 'ownership' Sovereign immunity and its limitations took center stage in a case surrounding Minnesota's dog-bite statute. by Andy Monserud ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Most Popular Elon Musk sues OpenAI over AI threat by Candace Cheung Federal judge rips California for denying gun purchases to ex-felons by Michael Gennaro ‘Top Gun’ actor sues over use of his image in 2022 sequel by Edvard Pettersson Rulings by Daniel Conrad Reporter must reveal sources A federal court in Washington held a Fox News journalist in contempt for refusing to reveal her sources in her investigation into Yanping Chen, a university founder who allegedly hid her former membership in the Chinese military passed info about the U.S. military to the Chinese government. Chen’s need for that information, so she may defend her rights under the Privacy Act, overrides the reporter’s privilege. The $800 daily fine is stayed in anticipation of an appeal. Not a crime of passion A Texas appeals court upheld the conviction of defendant for murder over his objection that he killed a woman in a state of sudden passion after she rejected him. Courts have long held that “a rejection of a romantic proposal does not qualify as adequate cause for purposes of the sudden passion defense,” not least because a person of “ordinary temper” does not murder people based on romantic rejections. 5th Circuit accelerates immigration battle The Fifth Circuit put a weeklong pause on a Texas federal court’s decision that enjoined a state law allowing police to arrest anyone suspected of illegally crossing the border. The appeals court also accelerated the oral argument for this matter, a lawsuit filed by the federal government against Texas, so the merits can be heard sometime next week. Posthumous fatherhood The 11th Circuit upheld an administrative law judge’s denial of a mother’s claim for insurance benefits for a child she conceived through in vitro fertilization after the father passed away. The man’s will did not provide for his posthumously conceived child, who is not eligible for a claim against his estate. For the purposes of qualifying for benefits under the Social Security Act, the child is not considered his father’s child. Mississippi suing China A federal court in Mississippi declined to issue default judgment against the People’s Republic of China on the lawsuit filed by Mississippi’s attorney general, blaming the Chinese government for the Covid-19 pandemic. The state “does not provide a proposed judgment or specify at all as to what it actually wants,” and has not addressed an Eighth Circuit opinion in Missouri’s similar lawsuit against China. From the Walt Girdner Studio Hot Cases by Courthouse News editors California Covid costs The California Medical Association wants to force health plan providers to offer full retroactive coverage of all Covid-19 testing and related health care costs, including interest, as outlined by a 2021 state law. Imprisoned in Venezuela Joshua Holt, an American missionary who was kidnapped and held hostage in Venezuela for two years, says in a Florida lawsuit that Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro conspired with cartels to hold him and his family hostage while accusing him of being a CIA plant. Holt says he and his wife were tortured and the ordeal caused the death of his mother. Santos v. Kimmel Former U.S. Representative George Santos says Jimmy Kimmel tricked him into recording personalized videos that the late-night host then aired in violation of copyright, including one where Santos congratulated a woman named Brenda for "successfully cloning your beloved schnauzer, Adolf," and another praising a man for eating 6 pounds of loose ground beef in 30 minutes. Native Hawaiian midwifery Midwives, Native Hawaiian birth workers and their patients accuse Hawaii of implementing a law that places unreasonable restrictions on midwives without licenses, some of whom engage in Native Hawaiian birthing practices. Illegal spot zoning Environmental and neighborhood groups say that Austin City Council members engaged in illegal "spot zoning" as a favor to a real estate developer that is now allowed to build along the Colorado River without the usual restrictions. The section of the Colorado River eyed by the developer is considered "pristine waters" and borders a wildlife sanctuary. More News Haiti schools and banks shut as state of emergency tightens Kremlin says German leak shows 'involvement' of West in Ukraine Strikes along Israel-Lebanon border kill 4 people as US envoy visits Beirut to press a cease-fire Albania hails NATO-backed base in former 'Stalin City' EU hits Apple with $1.9 billion fine for music streaming restrictions Jupiter’s moon Europa may have less oxygen than expected, a finding that might put a damper on life First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins shipping to stores Netanyahu leaned on his top rival to help unify Israel. Now, Benny Gantz is more popular Stella McCartney’s show at Paris Fashion Week says sustainability doesn’t sacrifice luxury Top 10 shuffle in women’s AP Top 25 as Stanford and Iowa move up behind No. 1 South Carolina Eagles center Jason Kelce retires after 13 NFL seasons and 1 Super Bowl ring Sinead O’Connor’s estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies Places Mountains dotted with white after a spring snowfall sit behind Lake Windermere in the Lake District National Park in England. (Kelsey Jukam/Courthouse News) © 2024, Courthouse News Service About Us/ Masthead/ Advertise/ Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Customer Support/ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Connect with us on our social channels: Loading... Privacy Preference Center We use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. We do this to improve browsing experience and to show personalized ads. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Always active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Cookies Reject All Cookie Settings Confirm My Choices Cookie Settings {title} {title} {title} Privacy Preference Center To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Always active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Reject All Cookie Settings Confirm My Choices Cookie Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent