Etsy Journal Etsy Categories Browse Search for items or shops Clear search Skip to Content Sign in Favorites Cart preview displayed 0 Shop Deals Home Favorites Fashion Finds Gift Guides Registry Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Etsy Journal Explore ideas and inspiration for creative living Gift Ideas Shopping Guides Weddings Gift Ideas Inspiration The Best Father’s Day Gifts for Every Standout Dad From funny socks that make him laugh to sentimental cards to tug on his heartstrings, we’ve rounded up the most delightful dad’s day gifts in town. Read on Shopping Guides Mother's Day 30+ Creative Mother’s Day Gift Ideas for Mom From personalized jewelry to handcrafted decor, discover unique gifts for Mother’s Day that will make Mom’s day extra special—just like her. Shopping Guides Gift Ideas The Best Graduation Gifts That Say “Hats Off!” to the Class of 2024 Congratulate the newest graduates with these picks for the best graduation gifts to commemorate this important milestone. Shopping Guides Gift Ideas Personalized Baby Gifts They’ll Adore Looking for a present that will wow? These personalized gifts for babies and new parents are designed to delight. Shopping Guides Weddings Best Engagement Rings: Say "Yes!" To These Stunning Styles From delicate and dainty engagement rings to non-traditional, minimalist numbers, these are the best engagement rings to dazzle her. Shopping Guides Home and Living Cheerful Spring Wreaths to Perk Up Your Front Door Show the world you’re ready for spring by hanging up a lush and lively handcrafted wreath, or find some inspo for your own DIY version. Shopping Guides Gift Ideas The Best Retirement Gifts to Enter the Next (and Best) Stage of Life Celebrate this important milestone with a sentimental retirement gift that’s been made just for them. 18 Sweet Gift Ideas to Celebrate Their Baptism Mark the special occasion with something they'll cherish forever, from personalized name bracelets to photo memory books. Read and shop Gift Ideas Inspiration 14 Sympathy Gifts for the Loss of a Loved One From personalized items to thoughtful keepsakes, these gifts can help express your condolences and offer support. Gift Ideas The Best Gift Ideas for Teens They Won't Want to Return From car accessories to sports equipment, shop our top picks for teens that will instantly earn you cool points. Shopping Guides The Definitive Guide to Shopping the Best of Etsy From how to find the best shops on Etsy to how to get free shipping, we’ve rounded up all the tips and tricks you need to have a stellar shopping experience. Featured Shops Discover Vibrant, African-Inspired Jewelry from Atiwo Designs Guaranteed to make a statement, every piece is a love letter to the designer’s heritage—and a spectacular addition to anyone’s closet. Gift Ideas Valentine's Day Just Started Dating? 16 Valentine's Day Gifts That Won't Make It Awkward Take the pressure off with these fun gifts that strike the perfect balance between thoughtful and casual. Shopping Guides Gift Ideas Valentine's Day Gift Guide: 50+ of the Very Best Gifts for Women This year's top gifts for her, handpicked by gifting experts and crafted by incredible makers. Previous page Current page 1 Page 2 2 Page 3 3 Page 4 4 Page 5 5 Page 6 6 Page 7 7 Page 8 8 … Page 91 91 Next page Previous page Page 1 of 91 Next page Yes! Send me exclusive offers, unique gift ideas, and personalized tips for shopping and selling on Etsy. Enter your email Subscribe Loading Captcha failed to load. Try using a different browser or disabling ad blockers. Please enter a valid email address. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address. You've been successfully signed up! Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter. Etsy is powered by 100% renewable electricity. Etsy’s 100% renewable electricity commitment includes the electricity used by the data centers that host Etsy.com, the Sell on Etsy app, and the Etsy app, as well as the electricity that powers Etsy’s global offices and employees working remotely from home in the US. Shop Shop Gift cards Etsy Registry Sitemap Etsy blog Etsy United Kingdom Etsy Germany Etsy Canada Sell Sell Sell on Etsy Teams Forums Affiliates & Creators About About Etsy, Inc. Policies Investors Careers Press Impact Legal imprint Help Help Help Center Privacy settings Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter Youtube Download the Etsy App Vietnam | English (US) | ₫ (VND) © 2024 Etsy, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Interest-based ads Local Shops Regions Regions Etsy does business in: Australia Austria Belgium Canada Canada (French) Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Mexico New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Got it Update your settings Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. Learn more. Region Australia Canada France Germany Greece India Ireland Italy Japan New Zealand Poland Portugal Spain The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Netherlands Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay U.S. Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire (Democratic Republic of Congo) Zambia Zimbabwe Language Deutsch English (UK) English (IN) English (US) Español Français Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Русский Currency $ United States Dollar (USD) $ Canadian Dollar (CAD) € Euro (EUR) £ British Pound (GBP) $ Australian Dollar (AUD) ¥ Japanese Yen (JPY) ¥ Chinese Yuan (CNY) Kč Czech Koruna (CZK) kr Danish Krone (DKK) $ Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Ft Hungarian Forint (HUF) ₹ Indian Rupee (INR) Rp Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) ₪ Israeli Shekel (ILS) RM Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) $ Mexican Peso (MXN) DH Moroccan Dirham (MAD) $ New Zealand Dollar (NZD) kr Norwegian Krone (NOK) ₱ Philippine Peso (PHP) $ Singapore Dollar (SGD) ₫ Vietnamese Dong (VND) R South African Rand (ZAR) kr Swedish Krona (SEK) Swiss Franc (CHF) ฿ Thai Baht (THB) NT$ Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) ₺ Turkish Lira (TRY) zł Polish Zloty (PLN) R$ Brazilian Real (BRL) Cancel Loading Save Loading Privacy Settings Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like: basic site functions ensuring secure, safe transactions secure account login remembering account, browser, and regional preferences remembering privacy and security settings analysing site traffic and usage personalized search, content, and recommendations helping sellers understand their audience showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy Detailed information can be found in Etsy’s Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy and our Privacy Policy. Required Cookies & Technologies Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions. Always on Personalized Advertising To enable personalized advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalized advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive. Personalized advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalized advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our Privacy Policy., Help Center, and Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy. On Saved Done