Podio Login Sign up Features Pricing Use Cases Request a Demo More Contact us Support Jobs Partners Features Pricing Use Cases Request a Demo More Contact us Support Jobs Partners Login Sign up Get your team working in sync Build powerful low-code business solutions to customize work and communication Please enter valid email address. Consolidated data Drive your project forward, successfully Podio transforms your project data into one tool to align all content, conversations, and process into one collaboration point. Learn more Lightbox Content [Consolidated Processes] Use edit bar to hide/show content Action-oriented overview Podio surfaces the information your teams need to move projects forward while advanced reporting capabilities empower management decision-making. Robust workflows Our Advanced Workflows feature eliminates repetitive tasks, speeding up critical processes and enabling people to focus on core value-adding activities. Centralized work hub Quickly migrate data from other tools and integrate with those your company already relies on to bring all your processes together. Fast setup, full control Tighter collaboration for greater durability Clearly defined roles and a custom tool fitted to how your team works best will help improve delivery time, effectiveness and relationships. Easy admin Granular admin capabilities let you control who has access to your Podio workspaces and the ability to quickly make adjustments. Fast communication Bring your clients, freelancers and other external parties into Podio for free and eliminate lengthy email threads and time-consuming file sharing. Custom structure Tailoring your processes to accommodate every step and stage that’s unique to your team ensures efficiency and effectiveness, in one place. ChanceLight ChanceLight uses Podio to educate thousands of American students. Watch video (1:11) Secure & reliable Dependability you can trust to run your business Podio’s stability (99.99% uptime last year) and intuitive interface makes deployment straightforward. And as part of Citrix, we adhere to the most rigorous security standards. Learn more Download our Security Whitepaper Lightbox Content [Secure and reliable] Use edit bar to hide/show content Secure hosting All data is stored with Amazon Web Services in Dublin and backed up in separate AWS datacenter, guaranteeing continuity for your business. Ironclad security We use HTTPS-encryption from the service to client browser, Advanced Encryption Standards with a 256 bit-key on files, and access via Single Sockets Layer-secured connections. Strict compliance Podio is compliant with the U.S. - E.U. and U.S. - Privacy Shield compliance framework and conforms to ISO27001 security policies. Features The components you need, together on one tool Web & Mobile Automated Workflows Meeting Scheduling Data Visualization Social Collaboration Task Management Granular Access Calendar Unlimited Storage Personal Dashboards Connected CRM Project Management Integrated Chat Full Customization Get started on Podio, for streamlined work that will drive your business forward. Please enter valid email address. Privacy and legal terms | Legal note | Podio status | Sitemap | Cookie preferences | Do not sell my personal information English Deutsch Русский язык Português Français Dansk Español Nederlands © 2024, Cloud Software Group, Inc. All rights reserved.