CFA Institute Daily Browse | Research. Reviews. Ideas. Built for investment professionals. Daily Browse Research. Reviews. Ideas. Built for investment professionals. CFA Institute Enterprising Investor CFA Institute Market Integrity Insights Latest Posts 05 March 2024 Climate Change Calculus: HNWIs and Sustainable Impact Investing By Yinka Faleti HNWIs understand that there is no backup planet to invest in or build on, and their capital allocations are beginning to align with that sentiment. 04 March 2024 Times Change: The Era of the Private Equity Denominator Effect By Massimiliano Saccone, CFA How can investors address the denominator effect in private equities? 01 March 2024 Venture Capital: Lessons from the Dot-Com Days By Sebastien Canderle Start-up valuations have yet to fully reflect the market's ongoing downdraft. The correction could prove as protracted as that of the dot-com crash. 29 February 2024 Book Review: Markets in Chaos By Marc L. Ross, CFA Should history teach or merely inform? This question lies at the heart of Markets in Chaos, a broad yet succinct historical overview of macroeconomic crises around the world and across time. 27 February 2024 Investing in U.S. Financial History: Three Principles, Three Excerpts By Mark J. Higgins, CFA, CFP The "Paradox of Speculation" -- how securities speculation drives both pain and progress -- is among the key lessons of financial history. 23 February 2024 How Firms Managing Only Pooled Funds Can Claim GIPS Compliance By Beth Kaiser Schwartz, CFA, CIPM The "Guidance Statement on Firms Managing Only Broad Distribution Pooled Funds" addresses how firms that manage only BDPFs can claim compliance with the GIPS standards. 23 February 2024 2024 US Wealth Management Outlook: In with Alternatives? By April J. Rudin The instability and uncertainty of recent years demonstrate how vital it is to look beyond traditional securities and embrace a flexible mindset. 22 February 2024 AI’s Carbon Footprint: Balancing Innovation with Sustainability By Sam Livingstone, CFA The future of artificial intelligence (AI) should not just be smart, it must also be sustainable. 16 February 2024 The Low-Volatility Factor and Occam’s Razor By Pim van Vliet, PhD Will the low-volatility premium continue to be the best-kept secret in financial markets? 14 February 2024 Take the SEC Marketing Rule Survey by 1 April By Krista Harvey, CFA, CIPM How is your firm complying with the performance requirements of the SEC Marketing Rule? Load More Posts navigation 1 2 … 612 Next ﻿ About CFA Institute CFA Institute is the global, not-for-profit association of investment professionals that awards the CFA® and CIPM® designations. We promote the highest ethical standards and offer a range of educational opportunities online and around the world. © 2024 CFA Institute. All rights reserved. Contact CFA Institute Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Follow CFA Institute facebook twitter google instagram linkedin email