NOYB enforces your right to privacy everyday Skip to main content noyb.eu Main navigation News Our work Cases by Project Cases by DPA Cases by Company Resources GDPRhub GDPRtoday SecureDrop Exercise your rights! Support us! Membership Donations Sponsorship Traineeship Member Login About us Concept Team Annual Reports FAQs Jobs Media Contact en EnglishDeutschFrançaisDutchGreekEspañolItalianoPolishFinnishBulgarian Main navigation News Our work Cases by Project Cases by DPA Cases by Company Resources GDPRhub GDPRtoday SecureDrop Exercise your rights! Support us! Membership Donations Sponsorship Traineeship Member Login About us Concept Team Annual Reports FAQs Jobs Media Contact Footer Legal, Open Source & Privacy Translations Media Contact NOYB enforces your right to privacy everyday My Privacy is None of Your Business News 28 NGOs urge EU DPAs to reject “Pay or Okay” on Meta Feb 16, 2024 The European Data Protection Board (EDPB) will soon issue what is likely to be its most significant opinion to date Read more German credit agency earns millions through unlawful customer manipulation Feb 16, 2024 The comapny uses manipulative designs to prevent people from obtaining a free copy of their data in accordance with law Read more German DPA declares data trading between credit agency and address trader illegal Feb 05, 2024 noyb win in proceedings against the credit reference agency CRIF and the address trader Acxiom in Germany Read more Data Protection Day: 74% of insiders see ‘relevant violations’ at most companies Jan 28, 2024 noyb conducted a survey among more than 1000 data protection professionals working in European companies Read more Meta ignores the users’ right to easily withdraw consent Jan 11, 2024 If Instagram and Facebook users want to withdraw their consent, they have to buy an expensive subscription Read more Creditors' association earns millions with (actually) cost-free GDPR rights Jan 04, 2024 KSV1870 uses misleading website designs to urge people to purchase a high-priced "InfoPass" instead of getting a free copy of their data Read more GDPR complaint against X (Twitter) over illegal micro-targeting for chat control ads Dez 14, 2023 X enabled the illegal political micro-targeting used by the EU Commission Read more CJEU landmark rulings on “credit ranking” and review of DPAs Dez 07, 2023 The CJEU issued two judgments with far-reaching consequences for the credit ranking business and judicial review of DPAs Read more noyb sues CRIF and AZ Direct for illegal and secret data processing Dez 04, 2023 noyb is suing for injunctive relief and damages, among other things. Read more noyb files GDPR complaint against Meta over “Pay or Okay” Nov 28, 2023 Meta charges up to €251.88 to respect the fundamental right to privacy of EU users. This is a violation of the GDPR Read more noyb files complaint against EU Commission over targeted chat control ads Nov 16, 2023 The EU Commission used micro-targeting to promote its child sexual abuse legislation. This violated european privacy law Read more Address trader sues German DPA to prevent noyb from accessing files Oct 24, 2023 noyb asked the Hessian authority for access to the case file of the Acxiom complaint. The address trader filed an interim injunction against the authority Read more Streaming service DAZN took almost five years to answer a simple access request Oct 09, 2023 Under the GDPR, companies have one month to answer access requests. DAZN took almost five years Read more Meta (Facebook / Instagram) to move to a "Pay for your Rights" approach Oct 03, 2023 In order to bypass the GDPR, Meta apparently plans to move to a "Pay for your Rights" approach Read more € 5,8 million fine for Grindr confirmed Sep 29, 2023 The Norwegian Privacy Appeals Board (Personvernnemnda) today announced that it upholds the Norwegian DPA’s fine of NOK 65 million (approximately € 5,8 million). Read more How mobile apps illegally share your personal data Sep 14, 2023 Some mobile apps share your personal data immediately after they're opened. This isn't compliant with EU privacy laws Read more Your Fitbit is useless – unless you consent to unlawful data sharing Aug 31, 2023 noyb filed three complaints against Fitbit. The health and fitness company forces new app users to consent to data transfers Read more Annual Report 2022 out now! Aug 23, 2023 2022 was the year of major decisions in our long-standing cases on EU-US data transfers Read more 23 years of illegal data transfers due to inactive DPAs and new EU-US deals Aug 14, 2023 A new noyb analysis now shows how a combination of inactive DPAs and a new deal by the EU Commission lead to 23 years of privacy violations Read more 5 years of litigation: Meta apparently switches to consent for behavioral ads Aug 01, 2023 Meta announced they will soon switch to "consent" for behavioral ads. Exactly what consequences this will have remains to be seen Read more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Support us! noyb funding goal 76.31 % Invest in privacy! Follow us! Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Instagram Newsletter Mastodon RSS Media Coverage U.S. tech giant Meta has been hit with a record €1.2 billion fine for not complying with the EU’s privacy rulebook.Read More Apple hits back at European activist complaints against tracking tool An Austrian privacy advocacy group drew a strongly critical response from Apple on Monday after it said an online tracking tool used in its devices breached European law.Read More 101 Unternehmen leiten noch immer Daten an die USA weiter Der Datenschutz-Verein noyb brachte 101 Beschwerden gegen den Datentransfer in die USA ein. Read More ZDF Magazin Royale vom 10. Dezember 2021 Expertentalk mit Datenschützer und Facebookbezwinger Max SchremsRead More Irish regulator proposes 36 mln euro Facebook privacy fine - document The complaint, lodged by Austrian privacy activist Max Schrems, concerned the lawfulness of Facebook's processing of personal data, specifically around its terms of service. Read more Institutional supporter Footer menu Legal, Open Source & Privacy Translations Media Contact