Miniclip Toggle Menu Our Story Games Web Games Careers Support My account Play our most popular games now! Play Now1234 We are Miniclip An international digital games and entertainment company. We develop, publish and distribute multiplayer mobile games. We reach over 400 million players each month, and our audience keeps growing. Know More Our purpose… “unleash the gamer in everyone” Know More What's New Marius Manolache, COO, interview. Why Portugal and TagusPark Oeiras are fast becoming a hub for the creative industry. See More Miniclip Expands Miniclip Netherland's Office After months of renovations we are ready to give you a tour of our purpose-designed refurbished offices in the city of Zoetermeer. See More SYBO Joins Miniclip We're hugely excited to announce that SYBO and its mobile evergreen Subway Surfers have now become part of the Miniclip family. See More Miniclip Exceeds Four Billion Downloads The latest figure sets a new milestone for downloads across our wide range of mobile games. See More Miniclip unveils new studio in Portugal The opening marks our further expansion in Portugal. See More From flash game to the world's most downloaded pool title Miniclip's Chief Creative Officer, Sérgio Varanda, on lasting success of 8 Ball Pool. See More James Russell, Miniclip´s CPO, looks back on 2021 James Russell, Chief Product Officer, on iOS UA environment changes and the volatility of crypto markets. See More Miniclip joins the Games Forest Club "I think the games industry has a responsibility to harness the power of play to tackle climate change." Rob Small, Games Forest Club Ambassador. See More Miniclip Appoints Saad Choudri to CEO Saad Choudri who has been with Miniclip since 2011 has taken over the role of CEO from Jurgen Post. See More 8 Ball Pool wins Guinness World Record title! The popular Miniclip game was awarded a Guinness World Record title for the Most Downloaded Mobile Pool Game. See More Careers Miniclip is driven to create the best and most fun games for our millions of players all around the world, and we’re always on the lookout for more top talent to join our growing team. If you’d like to help us make great games and be a part of Miniclip’s bright future, we’d love to hear from you. See all positions Our StoryGamesWeb GamesCareersSupportMy account Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Privacy Settings Play Games @ Miniclip © 2000 - 2024 Miniclip SA