The Business School for the World | INSEAD Skip to main content Search Menu Search Main navigation Our Programmes Master Programmes Full Time Masters Master in Management MBA Divider Executive Masters Global Executive MBA Executive Master in Finance Executive Master in Change Tsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBA Divider Scholarship and Funding Finder In The Know Executive Education For Individuals All Programmes Online Programmes Certificates Divider For Organisations Customised Programmes Online Programmes customised for Organisations Open Online Programmes for Teams Divider INSEAD Executive Coaching IN Focus PhD in Management Overview Academics and Research Admissions and Financing Community Job Market & Placements FAQs Business Foundations Certificate INSEAD-Sorbonne Université Certificate Programme INSEAD Summer School INSEAD Summer School Need some guidance? Try Our Programme Finder Faculty & Research Faculty & Research Faculty Search Divider Publications INSEAD Publishing INSEAD Knowledge Faculty & Research Faculty Search Faculty and Research Research and teaching excellence by combining rigour and relevance Through research, our world-renowned faculty bring new management insights that expand the frontiers of knowledge and shape global business leadership. View More Research Publications Research_Publications INSEAD Publishing INSEAD Publishing INSEAD Knowledge INSEAD Knowledge Our Expertise Academic Areas Accounting and Control Decision Sciences Economics and Political Science Entrepreneurship and Family Enterprise Finance Marketing Organisational Behaviour Strategy Technology and Operations Management Centres and Initiatives Africa Initiative Blue Ocean Strategy Institute Corporate Governance Centre Centre for Entrepreneurship Centre for Family Enterprise Centre for Organisational Research Economics of Innovation Lab Gender Initiative Global Private Equity Initiative Healthcare Management Initiative Humanitarian Research Group Initiative for Learning Innovation and Teaching Excellence INSEAD-Sorbonne University Behavioural Lab INSEAD-Wharton Centre for Global Research & Education Marketing and Sales Excellence Initiative Stone Centre for the Study of Wealth Inequality Sustainable Business Initiative Our Expertise Academic Areas Accounting and Control Decision Sciences Economics and Political Science Entrepreneurship and Family Business Finance Marketing Organisational Behaviour Strategy Technology and Operations Management Centres and Initiatives Africa Initiative Blue Ocean Strategy Institute Corporate Governance Centre Centre for Entrepreneurship Centre for Family Enterprise Centre for Organisational Research Economics of Innovation Lab Gender Initiative Global Private Equity Initiative Healthcare Management Initiative Humanitarian Research Group Initiative for Learning Innovation and Teaching Excellence INSEAD-Sorbonne University Behavioural Lab INSEAD-Wharton Centre for Global Research & Education Marketing and Sales Excellence Initiative Stone Centre for the Study of Wealth Inequality Sustainable Business Initiative INSEAD Research & Learning Hub We have a wealth of resources at your fingertips. Our digital collections and study spaces are available 24/7 to support your need. Learn More Alumni Alumni Alumni Association and Clubs Lifelong Learning Career Development Events Get Involved Alumni Awards Make a Gift For more than 60 years, INSEAD has cultivated a culture of entrepreneurship, diversity, independence, rigour and relevance. Your gift builds on this legacy and sustains INSEAD’s impact as a force for good. Give Now Classes and Reunions Reunion Events Class Pages Volunteers Young Alumni Initiative Robin Hood Contact us Who We Are About INSEAD The INSEAD Advantage Our Mission, Values and History Awards and Recognition Meet the Dean A Decade of Transforming for Global Impact Alliances and Partnership Sorbonne Université The INSEAD-Wharton Alliance Tsinghua SEM Reports Annual Report Sustainability Report Donors Report About INSEAD The INSEAD Advantage Our Mission, Values and History Our Leadership Meet the Dean Awards and Recognition A Decade of Transforming for Global Impact Alliances and Partnership Alliances and Partnership Sorbonne Université The INSEAD-Wharton Alliance Tsinghua SEM Reports Annual Report Sustainability Report Donors Report Innovation INSEAD Learning Hub Digital@INSEAD Immersive Learning Initiative Business and Society Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Hoffmann Global Institute for Business and Society Our Leadership INSEAD is a not-for-profit institution under the leadership of our Board of Directors and Dean. Read more Business and Society Hoffmann Global Institute for Business and Society Read more Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Read more Innovation INSEAD Learning Hub Read more digital@INSEAD Digital@INSEAD Immersive Learning Initiative Read more Our Locations Europe Campus Asia Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub Corporate Recruiters Welcome Recruiters! More than 1,000 MBA students and 150+ Executive MBA participants every year to meet your talent acquisition and retention needs. Discover our Employment Stats 92% of our 2021 graduates reported employment 3 months after graduation. This is a remarkable figure for our unique, global, 10-month programme. Connect to our Recruitment Portal Support INSEAD Ways to Give Give Online Give Offline Legacy Giving Founders Pledge Matching Gifts Taxe d'apprentissage Make a Gift Now Your meaningful contribution not only allows the school to help qualified students with financial hardship but also supports faculty research and teaching to be a force for good. Give Now Areas to Support Dean's Fund INSEAD Fund Scholarships Unrestricted Research Additional Ways to Give My Class Gift Donor Impact Recognition & Giving Societies Impact Stories Donors Report INSEAD Fund Impact Report About Giving Contributing to INSEAD enables us to provide financial support, launch cutting edge research as well as deliver exceptional educational experiences. Learn More Divider Events Newsroom Search Stay connected with INSEAD Working at INSEAD Get in Touch MyINSEAD Divider Working at INSEAD Get in Touch MyINSEAD Divider Stay connected with INSEAD The Business School for the World | INSEAD INSEAD equips our truly global community with the tools, skills and pioneering knowledge to not only face today's challenges but to build a better world. Our research is revolutionary, our teaching ambitious. Together, we raise the bar of business education and research. Our Programmes A complete educational offering, from early graduates to senior executives. Our Programmes Our Faculty and Research Our award winning faculty excel in developing rigorous and relevant research. Faculty and Research Our Commitment Walking the talk on responsible business. Read more Our Global Community Crossing boundaries, nationalities, languages and cultures. Global Community Our Programmes A complete educational offering, from early graduates to senior executives. Read more Our Faculty and Research Our award winning faculty excel in developing rigorous and relevant research. Read more Our Commitment Walking the talk on responsible business. Read more Our Global Community Crossing boundaries, nationalities, languages and cultures. Read more I want to Discover INSEAD programmes Follow INSEAD Thought Leadership Learn more about the Alumni Community Find information about Faculty & Research Explore the INSEAD Experience Learn about our Institutes and Initiatives We champion innovative forms of management education that promote business as a force for good. Master ProgrammesExecutive EducationBusiness Foundation CertificateDoctoral ProgrammeINSEAD Summer School Can't find what you're looking for?Try our Programme Finder Explore the latest business insights and thought leadership from INSEAD INSEAD Knowledge Enhance your professional purpose and perspective. Learning Hub Reinventing Lifelong Learning. The Hoffmann Global Institute for Business and Society Stories focused on the intersection of business and society. With over 66k+ alumni distributed across 180 countries with 170 nationalities, our alumni are citizens of the world. Our Alumni Associations Lifelong Learning Get Involved Classes and Reunions Research and teaching excellence by combining rigour and relevance. Faculty Research Expertise INSEAD Knowledge INSEAD Publishing Research and Learning Hub Hear directly from our students and participants. InTheKnow From manager to mentor – career development tips to go. Executive Education IN Focus Gain insight into INSEAD Executive Education. Through research, we expand the frontiers of knowledge and shape global business leadership. Hoffmann Global Institute for Business and Society Exploring the intersection of business and society. Research Centres and Initiatives Combining research, impact and knowledge exchange by connecting academia and real-world practice We Are INSEAD As one of the world's leading and largest graduate business schools, INSEAD offers participants a truly global educational experience. 66K+ alumni based in 180 countries of 169 nationalities. 162 faculty members of 40 nationalities. 70 nationalities in any MBA intake. 10K+ executive participants yearly. 20 institutes, centres and Initiatives. 8 alliances and partnerships. Our Global Locations Learning to lead across different cultures and geographies is critical to success today. Our three campuses in France, Singapore and Abu Dhabi and one Hub in San Francisco, as well as our partnerships with leading schools in the US and China, offer you many opportunities to broaden your horizons. Europe Campus Middle East Campus Asia Campus San Francisco Hub Insights and Highlights Press Release Case Centre’s Awards and Competitions 2024 INSEAD Sets New Record with 101 Awards: 3 Professors honoured by the Case Centre’s Awards and Competitions 2024 Read More Knowledge Grow Your Networks With a Growth Mindset What if changing your mindset could take the struggles out of networking? Read More In The Know Career benefits of an Executive EMBA Find out why Jeanne-Astrid decided to pursue the programme and the ways in which she financed it Read more IN Focus INSEAD Business Sustainability Programme You will come away enlightened mentally, intellectually and emotionally - Cleopatra Kitti Read More Knowledge Leadership Should Be a Team Sport Actions speak louder than titles and every voice holds the power to lead. Read more Responsible Business Recognizing Responsible Business The Hoffmann Institute is proud to showcase responsible businesses that are actively building this envisioned world through innovations in sustainability Read More Join the INSEAD Learning Hub Learn more Introducing the INSEAD Learning Hub, a first-of-its-kind subscription-based mobile app that reinvents lifelong learning. True to its entrepreneurial spirit, INSEAD is the first business school in the world to offer content, community, curation and credentials on one platform. The INSEAD Learning Hub is a genuine pathway to the future of business management. Its multi-format, bite-sized content and rich communities will transform your INSEAD experience into a continuous lifelong learning journey. Curious to participate or find out more about our events? Just select the category you're interested in AlumniMaster ProgrammesExecutive Education ProgrammesDoctoral Programmedigital@INSEADFaculty & ResearchInstitutionalPartner Events Centers & InitiativesStudent InitiativesDiversity Equality and InclusionOthers Master in ManagementMaster in Business AdministrationGlobal Executive MBATsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBAExecutive Master in FinanceExecutive Master in Change In-House Events Information Sessions Roundtables Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Global Public Alumni Only Prospective Students By Invitation Only - Any - Upcoming Past Online In-Person Hybrid ForumClasses & ReunionsSummer BallLifelong LearningCampaign Africa InitiativeBlue Ocean Strategy InstituteChina InitiativeCorporate GovernanceEconomics of Innovation LabEntrepreneurshipFamily EnterpriseGender InitiativeHealthcare ManagementHumanitarian Research GroupINSEAD-Sorbonne University Behavioural LabINSEAD-Wharton CentreLearning Innovation & Teaching ExcellenceMarketing & Sales Excellence InitiativeOrganisational ResearchPrivate EquityWealth Inequality Business Foundations CertificateINSEAD Summer School Asia Campus Europe Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub Clear All Selections Featured Events 05Mar '24 Executive Education Programmes Entrepreneurship: New Business Ventures, Info-Session Webinar 06Mar '24 digital@INSEAD When Good Intentions Go Awry: The AI Bias Paradox Webinar 20Mar '24 Alumni Tech Symposium Master in Business Administration | Asia Campus - 1 Ayer Rajah Ave, Singapore 138676 20Mar '24 digital@INSEAD From Chess to Career: Unlocking GenAI’s Training Potential Webinar 27Mar '24 digital@INSEAD The Promise & Peril of Deep Tech Venture Building Webinar 05Apr '24 Centers & Initiatives INSEAD Directors Forum - Governance Riding the Waves of Change Singapore #INSEADmoments See all posts A different take on your INSEAD experience. Share your best INSEAD moments with #INSEADmoments on social media. Feel the INSEAD experience Hear directly from our students and participants. Visit InTheKnow Visit IN Focus Additional links Back To Top Our Programmes Executive Education Master in Management MBA Global Executive MBA Executive Master in Finance Executive Master in Change Tsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBA Business Foundations Certificate PhD in Management Faculty & Research Overview Faculty Profiles INSEAD Publishing Academic Areas Centres of Excellence Research & Learning Hub Alumni Alumni Associations & Clubs Alumni Community Career Development Alumni Events Classes & Reunions Get Involved Lifelong Learning MyINSEAD Who We Are Who We Are Our Leadership Alliance & Partnerships Europe Campus Asia Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub 60 Years of Excellence Corporate Opportunities Corporate Recruiters Career Globe Recruitment Portal MBA Employment Stats Recruitment Calendar Recruitment Policies INSEAD Learning Hub INSEAD Knowledge Newsroom Events Working at INSEAD Get in Touch MyINSEAD Make your gift to INSEAD Give Stay connected with INSEAD © 2024 INSEAD Institut privé d'enseignement supérieur INSEAD does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, disability, colour, or national or ethnic origin. Partners: Accreditations Copyright Data Protection Terms & Conditions Policies & Legislation Our website has a lot of features which will not display correctly without Javascript. Please enable Javascript in your browser Here how you can do it: http://enable-javascript.com