Resources – Center for Security Studies | ETH Zurich Press Enter to activate screen reader mode. Homepage Navigation Search Content Footer Sitemap Center for Security Studies Main Navigation Menu Homepage About us Themes Research Education Think Tank Resources Publications Media Events Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet lock Login en en de Departments ETH Zurich chevron_right D-GESS chevron_right CIS chevron_right CSS Language Selection en English Deutsch You are here Homepage chevron_right Resources Resources The purpose of the Resources section of the CSS website is outreach - i.e., it features the analyses of CSS experts, external partners and like-minded institutions in order to promote dialogue on international relations and security-related issues. CSS Resources is the successor to the International Relations and Security Network (ISN). CSS News Watching Armed Conflicts from Space Leveraging open-access satellite images with deep learning can help humanitarian and human rights organizations address violent conflicts more rapidly. To ensure the effectiveness of remote monitoring, organizations need to align their strategies with the technical constraints of deep learning-based monitoring systems. 12.02.2024 The Challenges of Wartime Polling in Ukraine At the core of every conflict lies a paradox: political elites claim to be acting on behalf of the people, but violence means that measuring public opinion is incredibly challenging. This is evident today in Ukraine. Given the challenges posed by Russia’s war in Ukraine, how reliable are wartime polls? 12.02.2024 Unequal Access to UN Human Rights Bodies The United Nations Special Procedures operate a human rights complaint mechanism for individuals. Despite being open for all individuals in principle, complaints are frequently filed by socioeconomic elites from high-income countries. 14.12.2023 Geopolitical Echoes of the Karabakh Conflict The capture of Nagorno-Karabakh by Azerbaijani forces in September 2023 signaled a regional power shift. The Armenian military stayed out of the conflict, and Russian troops stationed on the ground to maintain peace failed to prevent hostilities. As Russian influence declines, Armenia is reassessing its relationship with Moscow. Prospects for peace are uncertain and fears of renewed conflict persist. 07.12.2023 The New Frontier of Space Militarization The exploitation of space today is increasingly driven by the innovations of private actors. Confronted with Russia’s military aggression, Ukraine showed how nations with little or no space capabilities can leverage commercial space infrastructure for combat. The massive reliance on commercial actors to provide vital support for Ukraine’s military operations suggests a new round of the militarization of space, one that private actors increasingly dominate. 06.12.2023 Featured Publications May 2023 | Publications Russian Analytical Digest No. 294: Whither Russia? In this issue of the RAD eight Russia scholars with different backgrounds provide shorter comments on key areas of Russia’s future development. Taken together, the contributions cover Russia’s political regime, society and public opinion as well as the impact of sanctions and Russia’s role in international politics. Several contributions highlight the huge uncertainty involved in any assessments of Russia’s future. Accordingly, the authors do not make predictions but outline possible trends.chevron_right Feb 2023 | Publications Russian Analytical Digest No 292: The Value of Public Opinion Polls This issue focuses on the methodological challenges of wartime polling. Denis Volkov engages with criticisms of Levada surveys. Bryn Rosenfeld answers four questions about wartime surveys. Jeremy Morris challenges the very existence of public opinion. Heiko Pleines introduces Discuss Data’s collection of open-​access raw opinion data. Anna Biriukova discusses wartime polling by Aleksei Navalny’s Anti-​Corruption Foundation. Elena Koneva and Alexander Chilingaryan highlight how the sociology of war is crucial for policymakers. Aleksei Minialo reflects on activist polling. Finally, Emil Kamalov, Ivetta Sergeeva, Margarita Zavadskaya, and Veronica Kostenko discuss their original panel survey data of the most recent wave of emigration.chevron_right Jan 2023 | Publications No 131, Caucasus Analytical Digest: Informality and Informal Practices in the Time of COVID-19: The Case of Georgia The topic of this issue is Informality and Informal Practices in the Time of COVID-​19: The Case of Georgia. Firstly, Irakli Korkia addresses corruption by analyzing 1) simplified state procurement procedures related to the healthcare sector and quarantine zones and 2) the vaccine deployment process; secondly, Rhiannon Segar discusses how informal forms of social capital have impacted the dissemination of information during the pandemic in the Georgian-​Armenian and Georgian-​Azerbaijani ethnic minority communities; thirdly, Tamar Tolordava underlines the importance of institutions (formal and informal) to help citizens learn about and internalize the new rules and restrictions important to defeating the pandemic.chevron_right CSS Blog Network Here is a selection of articles recently featured on our blog. Search CSS Resources Newsletter Want to keep up to date with CSS? Sign up to our monthly newsletter here. Contact You can get in touch with CSS Resources via . Footer Follow us Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet lock Login Departments D-ARCH Architecture D-BAUG Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering D-BIOL Biology D-BSSE Biosystems Science and Engineering D-CHAB Chemistry and Applied Biosciences D-ERDW Earth Sciences D-GESS Humanities, Social and Political Sciences D-HEST Health Sciences and Technology D-INFK Computer Science D-ITET Information Technology and Electrical Engineering D-MATH Mathematics D-MATL Department of Materials D-MAVT Mechanical and Process Engineering D-MTEC Management, Technology and Economics D-PHYS Physics D-USYS Environmental Systems Science Table of contents and legal Sitemap Imprint Accessibility Statement Disclaimer & Copyright Data protection © 2024 Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich JavaScript has been disabled in your browser