BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT | BCS Skip to content Open Menu Community About us Making IT good for society Training providers Employers Educators Login to MyBCS Membership & registrations IT careers Qualifications & certifications Events & awards Articles, opinion & research BCS MEMBERSHIP Join the global and diverse home for digital, technical and IT professionals. CHARTERED IT PROFESSIONAL CITP is the independent standard of competence and professionalism in the technology industry. Become a member Member communities Get registered Membership for organisations Academic membership Register of BCS members Our members STARTING YOUR IT CAREER Kick-start a career in IT, whether you're starting out or looking for a career change. Apprenticeships Continuing professional development (CPD) SFIAplus - IT skills framework Tech Job Quiz SOFTWARE TESTING CERTIFICATION Over 100,000 professionals worldwide are certified with BCS. ESSENTIAL DIGITAL SKILLS Improve your digital skills so you can get on in today's workplace. Certifications for professionals Digital literacy qualifications Higher education qualifications (HEQ) Training and scholarships for teachers Home education EVENTS CALENDAR View all of our upcoming events. Awards and competitions UK IT Industry Awards BCS IT & Digital Apprenticeship Awards Lovelace Medal Karen Spärck Jones Lecture Roger Needham Award Events calendar ARTICLES, OPINION AND RESEARCH The latest insights, ideas and perspectives. IN FOCUS Green IT and net zero Computing in society Security, data and privacy Careers and skills Open Search Search BCS Search Submit Search Membership & registrations IT careers Qualifications & certifications Events & awards Articles, opinion & research Community About us Making IT good for society Training providers Employers Educators Back BCS MEMBERSHIP Join the global and diverse home for digital, technical and IT professionals. CHARTERED IT PROFESSIONAL CITP is the independent standard of competence and professionalism in the technology industry. Become a member Member communities Get registered Membership for organisations Academic membership Register of BCS members Our members STARTING YOUR IT CAREER Kick-start a career in IT, whether you're starting out or looking for a career change. Apprenticeships Continuing professional development (CPD) SFIAplus - IT skills framework Tech Job Quiz SOFTWARE TESTING CERTIFICATION Over 100,000 professionals worldwide are certified with BCS. ESSENTIAL DIGITAL SKILLS Improve your digital skills so you can get on in today's workplace. Certifications for professionals Digital literacy qualifications Higher education qualifications (HEQ) Training and scholarships for teachers Home education EVENTS CALENDAR View all of our upcoming events. Awards and competitions UK IT Industry Awards BCS IT & Digital Apprenticeship Awards Lovelace Medal Karen Spärck Jones Lecture Roger Needham Award Events calendar ARTICLES, OPINION AND RESEARCH The latest insights, ideas and perspectives. IN FOCUS Green IT and net zero Computing in society Security, data and privacy Careers and skills Login to MyBCS The professional body for computing Scroll to discover Start your membership journey We’ll be with you at every step in your amazing career. Join us Progress your career 01. Cameron 02. Kristel 03. Paul 04. Soheir 01. Cameron Digital apprentice A lot of people think IT is very office-based and involves sitting at computers, in front of a monitor - that’s definitely not the case. We are constantly out on sites and being hands-on plugging things in - the job is also a combination of the physical and the technical. Discover membership 02. Kristel Business support manager It's great to have those letters after your name, to show you've got that passion for what you do. Discover membership 03. Paul Head of information technology The value that BCS provides to us as an organisation is around staff development and professional recognition. Discover membership 04. Soheir Committee member The best part of BCS is making connections and expanding your network. Discover membership Discover membership Featured Report Living with AI and emerging technologies: Meeting ethical challenges through professional standards Article Will AI be able to do everything? 5 days ago Article The purpose of intelligence is to solve problems 5 days ago BCS comment Elon Musk is ‘wrong’ that no jobs will be needed in the future – says poll of tech experts 5 days ago View all Something for... Individuals Membership Qualifications Community Organisations Membership Approved Organisations RoleModelplus Government Policy Expert opinion Events Training providers Apprenticeships Certification Digital skills Diversity and inclusion as standard That’s the common goal for our industry. But like many industries, there are complex and wide-ranging challenges we firstly have to face. At BCS, we’re facing them together as a priority. Explore diversity and inclusion Introducing Net Zero: A Digital Journey We’ve partnered with CWP to produce an innovative digital series exploring the vital role of the IT industry in responding to the climate crisis. Hear from inspirational individuals and organisations at the forefront of digital technology innovation in the pursuit of net zero. Explore net zero digital series Who we are About us Press office Our royal charter You might also like: Academy of Computing Learned publishing Jobs board Legal and privacy Legal and privacy notices Accessibility Whistleblowing policy Highlights Contact us Policy and influence Careers at BCS BCS Bookshop Data privacy notice Copyright notice Use of cookies © 2024 BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT | England and Wales (No. 292786) and Scotland (No. SC051487)