Eber | Loyalty Program Singapore | Customer Loyalty Platform Skip to content Platform Loyalty Marketing Messaging Commerce Consumer CRM Enterprise All Features Industries Restaurant Retail eCommerce Hotel All Industries Customers Customer Stories Case Studies Inspiration Gallery Pricing Knowledge Help Center Developer Hub Loyalty Ideas Blog Weekly Webinar Company About Us Security & Privacy Menu Platform Loyalty Marketing Messaging Commerce Consumer CRM Enterprise All Features Industries Restaurant Retail eCommerce Hotel All Industries Customers Customer Stories Case Studies Inspiration Gallery Pricing Knowledge Help Center Developer Hub Loyalty Ideas Blog Weekly Webinar Company About Us Security & Privacy Book A Demo Loyalty marketing platform Engage and Retain More Customers Bring your loyalty strategy to life and grow long-term customer relationships, increase revenue, and strengthen your brand. Get Started → Happier Team, Happier Customers​ Bring your data, marketing channels, and insights together so you can connect with your customers — all from a single platform. Without Eber With Eber Inefficient marketing programs, unlinked data and software, and wasted opportunities. Complete solution to drive long-term customer relationships. Better experience for customers and a happier team. Loyalty Program Our comprehensive platform empowers you to run an effective loyalty program like many major brands. We can get you started in days, not months. See all features → Marketing Bring your customer with more than just a loyalty experience. Our listen, feedback, referral, gamification solutions enable you to do more. See all features → Messaging Never miss an opportunity to connect with people when it matters, engage with them with targeted campaign messages with automation built-in. See all features → Consumer CRM Our Consumer-focused CRM gives you a 360-degree view of Customer Profiles, Spending & Beyond. Your team can take advantage of this software feature to deliver the best customer service possible and improve customer retention. See all features → Commerce Drive more revenue for your physical locations. Sell more to your customer base who already trust your brand. See all features → Gift Card Sell Gift Card with cash value. A model used by many brands to not only create revenue but also let customers promote your brand by gifting to someone they know. Voucher Sell digital vouchers of a single product and service or a package to be used with multiple visits. Zero commission to any 3rd party. We have experience in your industry Eber focuses on working with brands in your industry. Our team of experts will work with you right from the start. See what our customers in your industry say about us. All industries → Restaurant “With Eber, our online and offline customer sales data are no longer in silos. We now have a more accurate understanding of our customer’s lifetime value. With Eber’s flexible reward functions, we also have options to better reward customers.” Xin Rui,E-Commerce & Digital Marketing Manager Retail Eber understands businesses and works around businesses. The team is very responsive and would go above and beyond to try to solve any challenge. Eber is open to understanding what your business needs and is willing to develop new functions to allow a smarter workforce. Marcus WongChief Commercial Officer Hotel “Eber is easy to use and it’s quick in the sense that there is no card to carry, therefore guests find this convenient and efficient.” The Sukhothai Bangkok,5 Star Hotel in Thailand Venue “With the new digital membership system in place, the processing time of the Faber Licence membership has been significantly reduced and management of membership privileges has become so much easier.” Yong Qiao QingSenior Manager, Guest Relations & CRM Online & Offline We choose Eber as our customer loyalty software because it was very flexible and easy to integrate with Shopify. That was very important to us — to ensure a seamless shopping experience for online and offline customers. The system is quite user-friendly for customers and our staffs as well. Jaren Ho,Y21 Founder “With Eber, our online and offline customer sales data are no longer in silos. We now have a more accurate understanding of our customer’s lifetime value. With Eber’s flexible reward functions, we also have options to better reward customers.” Xin Rui,E-Commerce & Digital Marketing Manager Eber understands businesses and works around businesses. The team is very responsive and would go above and beyond to try to solve any challenge. Eber is open to understanding what your business needs and is willing to develop new functions to allow a smarter workforce. Marcus WongChief Commercial Officer “Eber is easy to use and it’s quick in the sense that there is no card to carry, therefore guests find this convenient and efficient.” The Sukhothai Bangkok,5 Star Hotel in Thailand “With the new digital membership system in place, the processing time of the Faber Licence membership has been significantly reduced and management of membership privileges has become so much easier.” Yong Qiao QingSenior Manager, Guest Relations & CRM We choose Eber as our customer loyalty software because it was very flexible and easy to integrate with Shopify. That was very important to us — to ensure a seamless shopping experience for online and offline customers. The system is quite user-friendly for customers and our staffs as well. Jaren Ho,Y21 Founder Your All-in-One Internet Marketing Software: Enjoy Seamless Integrations & Extensions! Eber works hand in hand with Shopping Cart, PoS, and other systems you already using. We automatically synchronize customers and spending data to Eber to drive personalized engagement. Shopping cart → PoS → Payment Gateway → Retain more customers, today! Features Loyalty Marketing Messaging Commerce Consumer CRM Enterprise Resources Blog Customers Inspiration Gallery Pricing Weekly Webinar Loyatly Facts Loyalty Ideas Loyalty Newsdesk Loyalty Quiz Loyalty Glossary Support Help Center Developer Hub Contact Us Status Partnership Solution Partner Eber is a Loyalty Marketing Platform. We empower businesses to execute their loyalty strategy to grow long-term customer relationships, using our proven loyalty and marketing solutions. Facebook Linkedin Twitter Youtube Pinterest Subscribe to our newsletter for latest news and product updates