Eats, Shoots & Roots – Growing Communities Through Growing Food About Us Our Story Rimbun Montessori Media What We Do Edible Gardens Education Community Programmes Upcoming Resources Sayur In The City Tips & Tricks Shop Online Shop Corporate Gifts Menu About Us Our Story Rimbun Montessori Media What We Do Edible Gardens Education Community Programmes Upcoming Resources Sayur In The City Tips & Tricks Shop Online Shop Corporate Gifts Getting People Growing.We build edible gardens for people.We teach communities how to grow.We provide goods that get people growing. Previous Next WHO WE ARE Founded in 2012, our social enterprise aims to reconnect urbanites with nature by empowering them with the skills & tools to grow food. Learn more about our story WHAT WE DO Edible Garden Builds We help people and communities plan and build their edible garden spaces. Edible Garden Education We run edible garden programmes and produce educational content for kids and adults Edible Garden Products We provide edible garden products for people to grow food in their backyards OUR IMPACT For more than a decade, we have transformed environments, and changed the way people fit into their eco-system. Awards Won Edible Gardens Built Workshops Run Volunteers Participated Seedlings Planted Urbanites Trained Garden Products Sold *As of August 2023 WHO WE'VE WORKED WITH FEATURED IN Edible Garden BuildsESR, Bukit DamansaraView allEdible Garden BuildsYWCA Edible Garden View allEdible Garden BuildsPing Ho & Cheryl's Edible Garden View allEdible Garden BuildsChef Jeff Ramsey's Rooftop GardenView allEdible Garden BuildsKundang Estate GardenView allEdible Garden BuildsDignity Kitchen GardenView allEdible Garden BuildsEducity Commons Edible GardenView all Previous Next Edible Garden EducationKids Workshop with PUNBView all Edible Garden ProductsCorporate GiftingView all WHAT WE'VE BEEN UP TO eatsshootsandroots 1,325 8,348 Follow us on instagram eatsshootsandroots Over the past few months, in partnership with @hankidzpreschool and @yukazanmy we established edible gardens at @hankidzpreschool to get young minds growing and caring for plants around them 🌱 With the help of all teachers involved, they've turned them into green pockets of joy! Looking forward to seeing both kids, and plants grow together. View Jan 12 107 2 Open Over the past few months, in partnership with @hankidzpreschool and @yukazanmy we established edible gardens at @hankidzpreschool to get young minds growing and caring for plants around them 🌱 With the help of all teachers involved, they've turned them into green pockets of joy! Looking forward to seeing both kids, and plants grow together. ... 107 2 eatsshootsandroots We have turned 12! Last year was the year of workshops - our workshops travelled to multiple states, and our seeds travelled even further all around the country. As we break through to hit puberty in our 12th year, thank you for continuing to support the work that we do. Your photos and messages of your growing journeys keep us going. Keep them coming! Team ESR x #happybirthday #12thanniversary *Voucher minimum spend of RM60 applies 🙏🏼 View Jan 10 107 13 Open We have turned 12! Last year was the year of workshops - our workshops travelled to multiple states, and our seeds travelled even further all around the country. As we break through to hit puberty in our 12th year, thank you for continuing to support the work that we do. Your photos and messages of your growing journeys keep us going. Keep them coming! Team ESR x #happybirthday #12thanniversary *Voucher minimum spend of RM60 applies 🙏🏼 ... 107 13 eatsshootsandroots Plant Mixology by Eats, Shoots & Roots Join us for a session 11.15am this Saturday at the City Catalysts event happening at Central Market, organized by @airasiafoundation and @mythinkcity, where you'll get to drink your plants, and plant your drinks! Stay for our talk after, where we will be sharing about the projects we've been working on over the years. Good time to also do some Christmas shopping, there will be Seed Boxes, Sayur Shirts and Seeds for sale to share the gift of growing with your loved ones 😉 (Many Secret Santa options below RM50 🙂 (This video itself is a mixology of sessions held at @gamudaparks and @ywcakl) View Dec 13 43 1 Open Plant Mixology by Eats, Shoots & Roots Join us for a session 11.15am this Saturday at the City Catalysts event happening at Central Market, organized by @airasiafoundation and @mythinkcity, where you'll get to drink your plants, and plant your drinks! Stay for our talk after, where we will be sharing about the projects we've been working on over the years. Good time to also do some Christmas shopping, there will be Seed Boxes, Sayur Shirts and Seeds for sale to share the gift of growing with your loved ones 😉 (Many Secret Santa options below RM50 🙂 (This video itself is a mixology of sessions held at @gamudaparks and @ywcakl) ... 43 1 eatsshootsandroots Could this be the longest worm you've ever seen? It's probably the longest worm we've ever snagged! Found by the girls of @vtockl during our weekly compost turning sessions at @vtocurbanfarm 🪱 View Dec 8 38 2 Open Could this be the longest worm you've ever seen? It's probably the longest worm we've ever snagged! Found by the girls of @vtockl during our weekly compost turning sessions at @vtocurbanfarm 🪱 ... 38 2 eatsshootsandroots CALLING OUT to public preschools in the Segambut Constituency! @eatsshootsandroots in partnership with @appgm_sdg is looking to run a garden training programme for teachers! This programme aims to equip 10 teachers (within ONE pre-school) with the training and materials, to embark on a year-long edible garden project with their students. Our intention is to get young kids to connect with nature, and learn about climate change mitigation actions, at an early age. WHAT THE SELECTED PRE-SCHOOL WILL GET: 1 x School Garden Build 1 x Teacher Training Programme for 10 Teachers + Student Kits Apply here: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Closing Date: 20 Dec 2023 For more info, please whatsapp +601898466616. --- PANGGILAN kepada prasekolah awam di kawasan Bahagian Parlimen Segambut. @eatsshootsandroots bersama @appgm_sdg , sedang mencari prasekolah yang berminat untuk menjalankan program latihan kebun bandar bagi guru-gurunya! Program ini bertujuan untuk membekalkan 10 guru (dalam 1 prasekolah yang sama) dengan latihan berserta bahan-bahan untuk memulakan projek berkebun selama setahun bersama pelajar-pelajar mereka. Tujuan kami adalah untuk menghubungkan kanak-kanak dengan alam semula jadi, dan mempelajari tentang perubahan iklim, dari usia yang awal. PRASEKOLAH YANG DIPILIH AKAN MEMPEROLEHI: 1 x Pembinaan Kebun di prasekolah 1 x Program Latihan Guru untuk 10 Guru + Peralatan Pelajar Jom mohon di sini: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Tarikh Tutup: 20 Dis 2023 Maklumat lanjut, sila whatsapp +60189846616. View Dec 5 17 0 Open CALLING OUT to public preschools in the Segambut Constituency! @eatsshootsandroots in partnership with @appgm_sdg is looking to run a garden training programme for teachers! This programme aims to equip 10 teachers (within ONE pre-school) with the training and materials, to embark on a year-long edible garden project with their students. Our intention is to get young kids to connect with nature, and learn about climate change mitigation actions, at an early age. WHAT THE SELECTED PRE-SCHOOL WILL GET: 1 x School Garden Build 1 x Teacher Training Programme for 10 Teachers + Student Kits Apply here: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Closing Date: 20 Dec 2023 For more info, please whatsapp +601898466616. --- PANGGILAN kepada prasekolah awam di kawasan Bahagian Parlimen Segambut. @eatsshootsandroots bersama @appgm_sdg , sedang mencari prasekolah yang berminat untuk menjalankan program latihan kebun bandar bagi guru-gurunya! Program ini bertujuan untuk membekalkan 10 guru (dalam 1 prasekolah yang sama) dengan latihan berserta bahan-bahan untuk memulakan projek berkebun selama setahun bersama pelajar-pelajar mereka. Tujuan kami adalah untuk menghubungkan kanak-kanak dengan alam semula jadi, dan mempelajari tentang perubahan iklim, dari usia yang awal. PRASEKOLAH YANG DIPILIH AKAN MEMPEROLEHI: 1 x Pembinaan Kebun di prasekolah 1 x Program Latihan Guru untuk 10 Guru + Peralatan Pelajar Jom mohon di sini: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Tarikh Tutup: 20 Dis 2023 Maklumat lanjut, sila whatsapp +60189846616. ... 17 0 eatsshootsandroots PANGGILAN kepada prasekolah awam di kawasan Bahagian Parlimen Segambut. @eatsshootsandroots bersama @appgm_sdg , sedang mencari prasekolah yang berminat untuk menjalankan program latihan kebun bandar bagi guru-gurunya! Program ini bertujuan untuk membekalkan 10 guru (dalam 1 prasekolah yang sama) dengan latihan berserta bahan-bahan untuk memulakan projek berkebun selama setahun bersama pelajar-pelajar mereka. Tujuan kami adalah untuk menghubungkan kanak-kanak dengan alam semula jadi, dan mempelajari tentang perubahan iklim, dari usia yang awal. PRASEKOLAH YANG DIPILIH AKAN MEMPEROLEHI: 1 x Pembinaan Kebun di prasekolah 1 x Program Latihan Guru untuk 10 Guru + Peralatan Pelajar Jom mohon di sini: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Tarikh Tutup: 20 Dis 2023 Maklumat lanjut, sila whatsapp +60189846616. --- CALLING OUT to public preschools in the Segambut Constituency! @eatsshootsandroots in partnership with @appgm_sdg is looking to run a garden training programme for teachers! This programme aims to equip 10 teachers (within ONE pre-school) with the training and materials, to embark on a year-long edible garden project with their students. Our intention is to get young kids to connect with nature, and learn about climate change mitigation actions, at an early age. WHAT THE SELECTED PRE-SCHOOL WILL GET: 1 x School Garden Build 1 x Teacher Training Programme for 10 Teachers + Student Kits Apply here: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Closing Date: 20 Dec 2023 For more info, please whatsapp +601898466616. View Dec 5 33 0 Open PANGGILAN kepada prasekolah awam di kawasan Bahagian Parlimen Segambut. @eatsshootsandroots bersama @appgm_sdg , sedang mencari prasekolah yang berminat untuk menjalankan program latihan kebun bandar bagi guru-gurunya! Program ini bertujuan untuk membekalkan 10 guru (dalam 1 prasekolah yang sama) dengan latihan berserta bahan-bahan untuk memulakan projek berkebun selama setahun bersama pelajar-pelajar mereka. Tujuan kami adalah untuk menghubungkan kanak-kanak dengan alam semula jadi, dan mempelajari tentang perubahan iklim, dari usia yang awal. PRASEKOLAH YANG DIPILIH AKAN MEMPEROLEHI: 1 x Pembinaan Kebun di prasekolah 1 x Program Latihan Guru untuk 10 Guru + Peralatan Pelajar Jom mohon di sini: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Tarikh Tutup: 20 Dis 2023 Maklumat lanjut, sila whatsapp +60189846616. --- CALLING OUT to public preschools in the Segambut Constituency! @eatsshootsandroots in partnership with @appgm_sdg is looking to run a garden training programme for teachers! This programme aims to equip 10 teachers (within ONE pre-school) with the training and materials, to embark on a year-long edible garden project with their students. Our intention is to get young kids to connect with nature, and learn about climate change mitigation actions, at an early age. WHAT THE SELECTED PRE-SCHOOL WILL GET: 1 x School Garden Build 1 x Teacher Training Programme for 10 Teachers + Student Kits Apply here: http://preschool.sayurinthecity.com Closing Date: 20 Dec 2023 For more info, please whatsapp +601898466616. ... 33 0 Load More Follow on Instagram This error message is only visible to WordPress admins Error: There are no business accounts connected. GET IN TOUCH Garden Designs / Buildshello@eatsshootsandroots.orgEducation / Workshopslearn@eatsshootsandroots.orgRetail / Products / Custom Giftsshop@eatsshootsandroots.org STAY IN TOUCH Email Address FOLLOW OUR JOURNEY Facebook-f Instagram Youtube