Welcome | Cognitive Class Welcome 🚀 Master the language of AI with our brand new course: "Prompt Engineering for Everyone" Learn more → Dismiss Courses & Projects Badges Learning Paths Business Search Sign in Register Open main menu Search Courses & Projects Badges Learning Paths Business Sign in Register Get ahead in the tech industry and advance your career Learn alongside 3 million users just like you, and launch your tech career with our courses on AI, Data Science and other emerging technologies. Get certified credentials to showcase your career ready skills. Start learning now 4.5M Enrollments Learn without limits, at no cost! Covering cutting-edge technology 1.5M Certificates Issued Learn and show off job-ready skills Advance your career in tech 300 Courses & Projects Learn the latest technologies Our hands-on content allows you to get ahead Sample Collections to Explore AI Projects Learn AI Hands-on Generative AI Generative AI, popularized by ChatGPT, enables machines to produce original content like art, music, and human-like text, revolutionizing creativity. Try it Hands-on The Art of Prompt Engineering Beginner 30 mins Creating Anime Character using DCGANs and Keras Intermediate 1 hour Natural Language Processing with Hugging Face Transformers Intermediate 30 mins Build an Image Style Transfer Tool using CycleGANs Advanced 1 hour Create a Voice Assistant with OpenAI's GPT-3 and IBM Watson Beginner 1 hour Create AI powered apps with open source LangChain Beginner 90 mins Text Sentiment Analysis using Caikit and Hugging Face Beginner 30 mins Learn AI Hands-on Reinforcement Learning Reinforcement Learning as a learning technique proves very applicable across domains such as robotics, gaming, autonomous vehicles, etc. Try it Hands-on Monte Carlo Reinforcement Learning for Simple Games Beginner 1 hour Win Blackjack with Reinforcement Learning Intermediate 1 hour Playing TicTacToe with Reinforcement Learning and OpenAI Gym Intermediate 45 mins Unleashing the Power of Reinforcement Learning for Trading Advanced 90 mins Learn AI Hands-on Time Series Embrace the 4th dimension: Time. Take advantage of time series analysis to understand events as they unfold in real-time. Try it Hands-on Machine Learning for Sequential Data Beginner 45 mins Time Series Forecasting With Prophet Beginner 45 mins Create a Cryptocurrency Trading Algorithm in Python Beginner 30 mins Forecasting Crypto Portfolios Like a Quant Beginner 30 mins Why Learn With Us? CognitiveClass is home to the latest and greatest tech content the world has to offer. We provide the following features to differentiate ourselves: Recommended Learning Paths to always be ahead Learn through hands-on projects Everything you need is provided to you Learn from industry leaders Add IBM backed credentials to your resume Get Started! Follow our Learning Paths to maximize your Potential Fundamentals of AI Beginner 3 hours Start your journey into AI Fundamentals of AI Certificate 3 Courses Machine Learning Basics Beginner 7 hours Machine Learning and Deep Learning made easy Machine Learning Certificate 5 Courses Learn AI Hands-On - PyTorch Beginner 24 hours The best way to learn PyTorch PyTorch Certificate 7 Courses Computer Vision Hands-on with PyTorch Beginner 8 hours Drive innovation and unlock new opportunities through hands-on projects in Computer Vision Computer Vision Certificate 7 Courses Enhancing Applications with Embeddable AI Beginner 5 hours Understand the power of AI and how you can build AI into your own apps with IBM Watson Embeddable AI. Embeddable AI Certificate 4 Courses Data Science Fundamentals Beginner 10 hours When a butterfly flaps its wings what happens? Does it fly away and move on to another flower or is there a spike in the rotation of wind turbines in the British Isles. Learn data science today and enter a world where we work to create order out of chaos that will blow you away! Data Science Certificate 3 Courses See all Learning Paths Footer Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact FAQ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Powered by Cookie Preferences Sign up to our newsletter Stay connected with the latest industry news and knowledge! Name Email Address *