The Daily Progress | Charlottesville News | Read breaking Charlottesville, Virginia News, featuring weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 55° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Virginia Video Network Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters to the editor Editorials Columnists Sports Cavalier Insider UVA C'ville Varsity Professional Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Contests Comics Puzzles Columns Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Sponsored Content Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Daily Progress Archives Our Publications The News Virginian Orange County Review Madison County Eagle Greene County Record The Rural Virginian Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local Today's Deal Public Notices Customer service Manage Charlottesville Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Manage Greene Subscription Manage Madison Subscription Manage Orange Subscription Help Center Weather: Live radar Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Business Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 55° Fog Once again, the Virginia men's basketball team is looking to rebound from a lopsided loss The 25-point drubbing Virginia took at No. 10 Duke marked the seventh time this season that the team lost by 16 points or more away from home. Super Tuesday Virginia weather: After rain, how warm will it get? After early morning showers, the afternoon will soar to around 70 degrees. Sean Sublette explains. Police trying to ID vehicle that caused Orange County crash, injured 6 The two-vehicle collision occurred around 5:50 a.m. Monday on Constitution Highway. Carlisle boys basketball team sanctioned by VISAA for its actions during a game against Blue Ridge The VISAA handed down sanctions to the Carlisle boys basketball team last week that forced the team to go on the road for the state tournament and play without their coach. Second dead humpback whale washes ashore in Virginia Beach A dead humpback washed ashore Monday morning at False Cape State Park. It was the second whale to wash up in Virginia Beach in as many days. Sports Minute! March 4, 2024: Historic Win; State champions; Impressing in Indy Sports Minute! March 4, 2024: Historic Win; State champions; Impressing in Indy Virginia's Super Tuesday primary might have messages for November It's unlikely to change the trajectory toward a Biden-Trump rematch, but Virginia's primary could send signals about how competitive Virginia will be in November, analysts say. UVa sports weekend rewind: No. 14 Cavaliers knock off No. 18 Clemson The No. 14 Virginia women’s lacrosse team exploded out of the gate and finished strong to take down No. 18 Clemson (4-1, 1-1 ACC) on Saturday in Clemson, South Carolina. Masturbating man interrupts forum on Charlottesville jail renovation Minutes into the meeting, guests started to hear moans coming from a speaker. Teen accused of trying to hit Albemarle officer during police chase The 19-year-old driver asked for an attorney after police say they found alcohol in his car. Teel: Breaking down at-large prospects for Richmond, JMU and Virginia Long before all precincts have been counted, Super Tuesday’s results will be clear. Not so as college basketball dips inside of two weeks until Selection Sunday. Number of Virginia schools that 'need support' under federal law doubled The number of Virginia schools the state identifies as being in need of support under federal law more than doubled this year after changes to Virginia’s school accountability system. Case advances for former Albemarle lawman accused of assaulting suspect after high-speed chase It was the officer's body-worn camera that provided some of the most striking evidence. Trump paints grim picture of US in his pitch for Virginia votes Three days before Super Tuesday, the former president called the country a "failing nation." Record crowd watches Virginia women's basketball team knock off No. 5 Virginia Tech Kenny Brooks said he did not know Kitley's status. Photos | Virginia women's basketball team beats No. 5 Virginia Tech in front of record crowd at John Paul Jones Arena Photos from the Virginia women's basketball team's 80-75 win over No. 5 Virginia Tech in front of a record crowd at John Paul Jones Arena. Virginia baseball team tops UMass to clinch series The No. 13 Virginia baseball team scored the game’s first six runs and held on for a 10-6 victory over UMass on Sunday at Disharoon Park. Chance Mallory shines in STAB boys basketball team's state title game loss to Paul VI “They showed what they’ve shown all year. Their fight and resiliency was incredible.” UVa capital campaign reaches goal of $5B more than a year ahead of schedule There have been 750 donations of $1 million or more. Big crowd expected for Virginia Tech-Virginia women's basketball game UVa has already sold more than 9,400 tickets. No. 10 Duke blasts overwhelmed Virginia men's basketball team Virginia went into Saturday’s game at Duke just one game behind the Blue Devils in the ACC standings. Once the game started, it was clear the gap between the two teams was much, much wider. Albemarle County police issue more than 100 speeding tickets in 1 day The mass ticketing was part of "speed enforcement initiative." NFL Combine workout for Virginia's Malik Washington highlighted by event-best vertical jump Virginia wide receiver Malik Washington had a strong showing, which included an event-best vertical jump, during his NFL Combine workout at Lucas Oil Stadium. Central Virginia regional spelling bee postponed The Scripps National Spelling Bee testing platform suffered an outage Saturday morning. No. 13 Virginia baseball team suffers its first loss of the season UMass holds the No. 13 Virginia baseball team its first loss of the season. Miller School boys basketball team wins VISAA Division II state championship “It’s amazing. I didn’t think anything you could do in high school basketball could feel this good.” At NFL Combine, Liberty offensive lineman X'Zauvea Gadlin believes versatility will help boost stock In Indianapolis for the NFL Combine, Liberty's X'Zauvea Gadlin hopes his versatility on the offensive line will help boost his stock. St. Anne's-Belfield boys basketball team tops St. Christopher's to reach VISAA Division I state championship game An explosive 15-1 run at the end of the third quarter helped guide St. Anne’s-Belfield to a 69-59 win in the VISAA Division I state semifinals. Charlottesville Historic Garden Week lineup announced Tickets are on sale now. Upcoming nonprofit activities in Central Virginia Bloodhound training in Louisa, Old Rag Mountain tickets and more. Recommended For You Masturbating man interrupts forum on Charlottesville jail renovation Police trying to ID vehicle that caused Orange County crash, injured 6 UVa fraternities suspend all social events after Kappa Sigma pledge injured The Latest A1 Minute! March 5, 2024: Jail renovation forum disrupted[A1] Jail renovation forum disrupted Head of Virginia DEQ previously did consulting work for Mountain Valley Pipeline Opponents of the pipeline say Michael Rolband's work creates a conflict of interest. Calendar | Upcoming events in Central Virginia TUESDAY, MARCH 5 Trio's Spirit Ball bringing 'dark chamber cabaret' vibe to the Southern The release party turned into a ball of bygone elegance with Charming Disaster, Nouveau Vintage and DJ Cadybug. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video A1 Minute! March 5, 2024: Jail renovation forum disrupted[A1] Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Sports Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Virginia Tech, UVa men will play at ACC newcomers Cal and Stanford next season The ACC announced men's basketball conference opponents for 2024-25, and women's basketball league opponents for the next two seasons Virginia high school basketball state championship pairings and schedule All games will be played at VCU's Siegel Center in Richmond.. March 2 college basketball odds, previews and picks: Marquette vs. Creighton predictions & more Check out these college basketball picks and previews for NCAAB action on Saturday, March 2. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Need a personal injury attorney after an accident? Here’s what to look for Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Find out what to look for in a personal injury accident attorney. Sponsored Children and car crashes: Keep precious cargo safe Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Learn how to best protect your kids when driving. Sponsored 13 best sites to buy Instagram followers in 2024 Provided content. Uncover the 13 best sites to buy Instagram followers in 2024. Sponsored Common misconceptions about laser hair removal Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. Uncover the facts behind the most common myths regarding laser hair removal. Local Businesses Rebeckah Carter 87 MONTGOMERY RD, STAUNTON, VA 24401 Madison Building & Supply PO BOX 134, PRATTS, VA 22731 Friends of the Jefferson-madison Regional Library 1500 GORDON AVE, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22903 Print Ads Other HOUSE ACCOUNT-RETAIL Services SALON DESHANO Real Estate MONTAGUE, MILLER & CO'S Real Estate HOUSE ACCOUNT-RETAIL Real Estate HOWARD HANNA ROY WHEELER REALTY CO. Real Estate MONTAGUE, MILLER & CO'S Real Estate REMAX NEW HORIZONS Real Estate REMAX NEW HORIZONS Services HOUSE AD Real Estate MONTAGUE, MILLER & CO'S × Facebook Twitter Instagram Sites & Partners Cavalier Insider The News Virginian Greene County Record Madison County Eagle Orange County Review The Rural Virginian Public Notices Archives Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise Newspapers in Education (NIE) Photo Submissions Join our Team Newsletter sign-up Licensing Dealer Returns © Copyright 2024 The Daily Progress , PO Box 9030 Charlottesville, VA 22906 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics all Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Breaking Sports News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe