Breaking Football News, Transfer Exclusives and Opinion | HITC Football Latest NewsTransfer NewsPremier LeagueTeams Sources: Tottenham now ready to step up contract talks with ‘unbelievable’ £22m player Tottenham Hotspur Ben Evans March 5, 2024 Sources: Sir Alex Ferguson endorsement points Manchester United towards impressive double-hire Graeme Bailey Mar 5, 2024 Sources: Aston Villa pushing hard to win £20m race with wonderkid open to Tottenham Dan Owen Mar 5, 2024 Exclusive: Wolverhampton Wanderers are monitoring playmaker who ‘works hard’ and is like John McGinn Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Sources: Just months after handing him a new deal, Celtic have decided to offload ‘fantastic’ player Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Transfer News Arsenal Exclusive: Arsenal representatives watched ‘extraordinary’ midfielder Mikel Arteta loves this weekend Arsenal are already preparing for the summer transfer window and have been sending their representatives to keep a close eye on potential targets. HITC Football… Ben Evans Mar 4, 2024 Manchester United Exclusive: Manchester United tell £73m player to leave for good this summer, but there’s one problem Subhankar Mondal Mar 4, 2024 Chelsea Exclusive: Chelsea scouted versatile English defender this weekend, Leeds United also keen Subhankar Mondal Mar 4, 2024 AC Milan Sources: AC Milan looking to beat Premier League giants to Sporting star HITC understands that AC Milan believe they are leading the race for Viktor Gyokeres, but there is increasing interest to bring him back to England… Graeme Bailey Mar 2, 2024 Exclusive Exclusive: ‘Valuable’ Liverpool player will get record-breaking offer to leave Anfield this summer Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah is set to get a record-breaking offer in the summer transfer window from the Saudi Pro League, HITC understands. Mohamed Salah… Subhankar Mondal Mar 1, 2024 Liverpool Club chief admits he is ‘very optimistic’ of signing Liverpool ace this summer Hull City would sign Liverpool loanee Fabio Carvalho ‘in a heartbeat’ if possible with promotion to the Premier League also an ambition for The Tigers… Dan Owen Mar 5, 2024 Crystal Palace ‘Really good striker’ shows what Crystal Palace are missing with 59-min hat-trick Alexander Sorloth is proving himself to be a ‘really good striker’ in La Liga with the one-time Crystal Palace and Premier League misfit hitting a… Dan Owen Mar 5, 2024 Chelsea ‘The nearest thing to a sure thing…’ Tim Sherwood backs London rival to secure transfer to Chelsea Ivan Toney might have just been auditioning for a transfer to Chelsea during Brentford’s 2-2 draw against their London rivals on Saturday. The 27-year-old didn’t… Amir Mir Mar 5, 2024 More in Transfer NewsFootball Tottenham Hotspur Manager Tottenham Hotspur wanted last year reacts to rumours he could be Harry Kane’s next manager Arne Slot has played down talk of him moving to Bayern Munich less than a year since confusion surrounded a deal with Tottenham Hotspur. Tottenham… Olly Dawes Mar 5, 2024 Manchester United Joleon Lescott says only one Manchester United player gets into Pep Guardiola’s team Amir Mir Mar 5, 2024 Manchester United ‘There is a reason why’… Pat Nevin says opposition fans don’t like £240,000-a-week Manchester United player Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Tottenham Hotspur Pat Nevin names the two Tottenham Hotspur players who would ‘look at home’ at Manchester City Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Chelsea ‘You hear his name’… Alan Pardew says 61-year-old manager will be linked with Chelsea now Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Tottenham Hotspur Paul Scholes needs to come back down to earth after his Tottenham and Manchester United claim Amir Mir Mar 5, 2024 More in FootballPundits Manchester United ‘He has got to’… Alan Pardew says 27-year-old player must start regularly for Manchester United Alan Pardew has been reflecting on Manchester United’s defeat to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium, and he has named a midfielder who has to… Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 Arsenal Freddie Ljungberg says criticised Arsenal 24-year-old is so good technically Amir Mir Mar 5, 2024 Chelsea ‘Will look like a world-beater’… Talksport pundit says 23-year-old Chelsea player is very ‘inconsistent’ Subhankar Mondal Mar 5, 2024 More in Pundits Close Search Follow us on: About UsMeet The TeamNewsletterContact UsEditorial PolicyCorrectionsFact CheckingAdvertising PolicyTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyComplaintsPrivacy Settings © 2024 GRV Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved