U.OSU | The Ohio State University Ohio State nav bar Skip to main content The Ohio State University Help BuckeyeLink Map Find People Webmail Search Ohio State U.OSU Ohio State’s Professional Website Platform Log in to U.OSU Sign up for U.OSU “U” because it’s about sharing the work you do at this university. What is it? U.OSU provides web space to support professional and educational activities at The Ohio State University. Students, faculty and staff use U.OSU.EDU to share independent work, host course assignments, enhance project visibility, communicate within groups, and represent organizations. What’s under the hood? For those who want the technical details, the service is a multi-site WordPress installation hosted by CampusPress. It provides a flexible and easily accessible platform for individuals to post about their work. Sites can contain both static pages and chronological blog posts. How can I use it? U.OSU is designed to support professional sites for groups and individuals affiliated with Ohio State. What does that mean? Here are some examples: A professional profile that highlights scholarly, pedagogical, and service activities, with pages for a biographical statement, curriculum vitae, teaching overview and course listing, research statement and more. A portfolio of projects, both in process and completed, that can be used to demonstrate skills and experiences. Regular posts can share progress on ongoing projects in the field or in the classroom. A forum to enable sharing among community members who might otherwise be separated geographically or by discipline. A site to host and share resources, notes, and collections of digital materials. A site created for use in a class or as a group project (assuming the site is ultimately owned and managed by one individual). Specific information is listed in our Terms of Use(link is external). Follow our footsteps or think up something new. The next step is up to U! Helpful Links U.OSU Help and Support(link is external) Learn how to make your web content more accessible(link is external) Additional digital accessibility training and resources(link is external) For additional assistance with U.OSU, call the Service Desk at 614-688-4357 (HELP) or email u@osu.edu. U.OSU is a service provided by the Office of Distance Education and eLearning(link is external), in collaboration with the College of Arts and Sciences(link is external). System Status(link is external) | 614-688-4357 (HELP) | Email U.OSU support If you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content, please call the Accessibility Helpline at 614-292-5000. © 2021 The Ohio State University | Non-discrimination Notice(link is external) | Privacy Statement(link is external)