selfdeterminationtheory.org – Page Array – An approach to human motivation & personality Skip to content Member Hub Become a Member Donate Who we are The Theory Our Purpose International Scholars Supporters & Partners Metrics & Research Metrics & Methods Research Books Videos Podcasts Commentary & News Topics COVID-19 Basic Psychological Needs Biological & Neuropsychological Cultural Disability Development Education Entertainment and Media Environment and Nature Goals Values and Aspirations Health Health Professions Education Intrinsic Motivation Language Learning Mindfulness Parenting and Family Physical Education Organizations and Work Psychopathology Psychotherapy and Counseling Relationships Social Issues Sports and Exercise Technology Well-being and Eudaimonia Connect Contact Us FAQ The Community Events & Courses Donate Become a Member Member Hub SDT 2023 Thank you for making the 2023 International Self-Determination Theory Conference wonderful! SDT2023 may be over, but you can still access content. LOOK BACK AT SDT 2023 Self-Determination Theory The leading theory in human motivation. Based on motivational science from top experts around the world. Learn More Applying the Science Our Science Editors curate suggested readings, videos, posts, and podcasts, bridging the gap between theory and practice. Discover More Our Resources Research Learn more about SDT. Explore our in-depth library of research studies published by the most prominent motivational researchers. Read more Questionnaires/Metrics Measuring motivation, engagement, and wellbeing is what we do. Check out our questionnaires for assessing the theory’s constructs across many settings. Learn More Videos Hear what the leading motivational experts and scholars have to say. Bridging the gap between the science and people’s daily lives. View More Topics Basic Psychological Needs Biological & Neuropsychological COVID-19 Cultural Development Disability Economic Issues Education Entertainment and Media Environment and Nature Goals Values and Aspirations Health Health Professions Education Intrinsic Motivation Language Learning Mindfulness Organizations and Work Parenting and Family Physical Education Psychopathology Psychotherapy and Counseling Relationships SDT Education Consortium Group Social Issues Sports and Exercise Technology Well-being and Eudaimonia Immersyve, Inc. Major Supporter Australian Catholic University Major Supporter Ghent University Supporter All About Parenting Supporter Impetus Academy Supporter Partners & Supporters Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 Self-Determination Theory. All rights reserved. Site designed and developed by Hop Studios