Home | Ottawa CitizenSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search ottawacitizen.com Perform search Subscribe User My Account Subscribe TENT CITY NATION: Mapping stories of homeless encampments across Canada TENT CITY NATION: Mapping stories of homeless encampments across Canada Search ottawacitizen.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscriptions News Local News Federal Politics and Public Service Defence Watch National World True Crime Weather Archives Sports Ottawa Senators NHL PWHL More Hockey Local Sports Ottawa Redblacks CFL NFL Baseball Basketball NBA Tennis Golf Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columnists Submit an Opinion Column Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Real Estate Technology Science Tech-Biz National Capital Region's Top Employers Arts Local Arts Music Local Reviews Movies Television TV Listings Books Celebrity Cappies Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Travel Essentials Homes Travel Travel Ontario Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Food Local Food Reviews Health Relationships Advice Horoscopes Contests Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Healthing ePaper Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Browse Listings Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Real Estate Marketplace Pet Posts and Adoptions Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Inside Ottawa Hospital Social Scene Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles Comics Healthing ePaper Remembering Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Inside Ottawa Hospital Social Scene Home | Ottawa CitizenAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. News Chesterville bull rider heading to Texas for the women's world championship Gibson took up bull riding last spring after a male friend in Chesterville who formerly rode bulls suggested that the extreme sport might lift her out of her funk. 5 Comments News News Weapons threat places Woodroffe High School under lockdown Monday afternoon News News Frontline services strained with 50 per cent of city's supervised consumption sites closed 9 Comments News Local News Ottawa missing target for building affordable housing, city's auditor general says 11 Comments Local News Local News 'We would be stuck with it': Heritage designation would throw a wrench in church's plans 8 Comments Local News Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsDefence Watch 'Reasonable grounds’ to believe Hamas committed sexual violence on Oct. 7, UN finds 'Several fully naked or partially naked bodies from the waist down were recovered — mostly women — with hands tied and shot multiple times' with Video 5 Comments 17 hours ago World Two-thirds of Canadians oppose April 1st carbon tax increase: poll The Leger poll commissioned by the Canadian Taxpayers Federation found 69 per cent opposed to increasing the federal carbon tax on April 1 23 Comments 18 hours ago News Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Chrystia Freeland to table budget on April 16 Last year’s budget forecast a $40.1 billion deficit with a $35 billion deficit this year 12 Comments 21 hours ago Politics Drake promises to pay off mortgage of Missouri fan's deceased mother After being handed a note with the outstanding balance of the mortgage, Toronto rapper, Drake promised to pay the $160,000 remaining 22 hours ago Celebrity Winter storm pummeling prairies grounds flights, prompts warnings to stay off roads West central Saskatchewan hit hardest by weekend snowstorm, says Environment Canada with Video 1 day ago National More news stories > Trending Chesterville bull rider heading to Texas for the women's world championship Weapons threat places Woodroffe High School under lockdown Monday afternoon Ottawa missing target for building affordable housing, city's auditor general says 'We would be stuck with it': Heritage designation would throw a wrench in church's plans Thanks to a Centretown shuffle, nine-decades-old Wallack's arts stores find a new lease on life Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Ottawa. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports GARRIOCH: Senators winger Vladimir Tarasenko can pick and choose his new home Tarasenko has some control over the situation. He has a full no-trade clause, which means he has every right to decide his future. 14 hours ago Ottawa Senators With rich family hockey legacy, Mark Kastelic accepts role with Ottawa Senators With a rich family hockey history, with a late start to playing the game, with big goal-scoring numbers as a junior player, Mark Kastelic isn’t hung up on his fourth-line status with the Ottawa Senators. 1 day ago Sports Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE: 67's fall to Otters on a day honouring 1999 Cup-winning team "You can't take the first period off," said 67's coach Dave Cameron, whose team was sluggish to start. 1 day ago Hockey Banged-up Ottawa Senators adding, subtracting in countdown to NHL trade deadline With a lineup that's minus injured players, the Ottawa Senators will likely have a couple of subtractions and additions in the next few days. 1 day ago Ottawa Senators BATTERED AND BEATEN: Ottawa Senators fall to Philadelphia Flyers Coming off a successful stretch where they had an impressive 10-3-3 record, the Senators lost their fourth straight game, 4-2 Saturday night in Philadelphia. 2 days ago Sports More sports stories > Around the NetworkHeadline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.OpinionFeaturedColumnistsSubmit a Letter Dore: Women's homelessness is often invisible. But it's a crisis we must solve When governments build supportive housing in Ottawa, funding 24-hour staff and health-care services is as vital as food, a bed and a roof. Martine Dore 2 hours ago Columnists Today's letters: Peter Pocklington remembers Brian Mulroney's generosity Tuesday, March 5: A former leadership rival, entrepreneur and NHL owner pays tribute to the Mulroneys. You can write to us too, at letters@ottawacitizen.com Citizen letters 3 hours ago Opinion Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Clark: It's time the Order of Canada stopped overlooking the wives of former prime ministers It's 2024 — and International Women's Day is this week. Let's recognize that most of these women have long records of achievement, entirely independent of their marital status. Catherine Clark 20 hours ago Opinion Burkholder Harris: 'Managing' homelessness won't end it The 'Housing First' model is a proven, cheaper alternative to impermanent shelters. If you’re a human being, you’re ready to be housed. Kaite Burkholder Harris 23 hours ago Opinion Today's letters: 'Gender-inclusive' de-mining doesn't help Ukraine Monday, March 4: The Trudeau government shouldn't be virtue-signalling about its aid during the war, say readers. You can write to us too, at letters@ottawacitizen.com Citizen letters 1 day ago Opinion More opinion stories > weather (Ottawa) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Business Thanks to a Centretown shuffle, nine-decades-old Wallack's arts stores find a new lease on life The Wallack's move is to happen this month — but it's turned out to be better than owner Michael Wallack could have hoped for. 1 day ago Local News Update: 'Struggling' Courtyard Restaurant suddenly closed after Tuesday's dinner service, ending its 43-year run The ByWard Market eatery, a destination for weddings and dates since 1980, announced its closing on social media Tuesday afternoon. 42 Comments 6 days ago Local News Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. De Silvia-Legault: How 99 Rideau — once the 'World's Worst McDonald's' — can exploit its history Capitalizing on the property's notorious past could be good for the new tenant's business future. 5 Comments Keith de Silvia-Legault February 7, 2024 Opinion One of Ottawa's most expensive luxury homes has sold for $5 million The house on Old Sunset Boulevard overlooks Commissioner's Park and Dow's Lake. 11 Comments February 1, 2024 News Wood: The deadline to repay small-business loans must be extended Small business is the backbone of our community. The federal government's CEBA payback deadline makes no sense, economically or socially. 8 Comments Michael Wood January 12, 2024 Opinion More business stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Entertainment Princess of Wales to appear in June for royal ceremony, first confirmed official duty since surgery LONDON (AP) — British officials said Tuesday that Kate, the Princess of Wales, will attend a Trooping the Color ceremony in June. It is her first confirmed major official duty since the royal underwent abdominal surgery. 1 hour ago Royals 'Disappearance' of Kate Middleton prompts Kensington Palace to issue statement The 42-year-old royal underwent an abdominal surgery in January with Video 5 Comments 3 days ago Royals Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Look at this photograph (of an Ottawa politician with a Nickelback tattoo) Tim Tierney says he “begged” Bluesfest director Mark Monahan to bring Nickelback to Ottawa this summer, to which Monahan jokingly replied, ‘Get a tattoo and we’ll see.’ 7 Comments 3 days ago Local News Bluesfest announces 2024 lineup featuring Neil Young, 50 Cent, Nickelback, Maroon 5 and more Full-festival passes will be available during a presale running from 10 a.m. to 11:59 p.m. on Friday. Single-day tickets will go on sale at 10 a.m. on Saturday. 13 Comments 4 days ago Local News Here's what you need to know about Bluesfest before the 2024 lineup drops: Platinum tickets, VIP improvements and no Ferris wheel The lineup of performers will be revealed Thursday for this year's event, set for July 4-14. 6 days ago Local News More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Life Cook This: Three recipes from Zaatari, the world's largest Syrian refugee camp Newfoundlander Karen E. Fisher collaborated with more than 2,000 Syrians to create the Zaatari cookbook, filled with stories of art, culture and food 4 days ago Recipes This skillet shrimp and white beans is a flexible weeknight meal Hearty beans and succulent shrimp come together in this skillet main. Flecked with bits of tomato and ribbons of spinach, it's aromatic with garlic and has a subtle warmth from the chiles, as well as a lovely lemony brightness. 4 days ago Recipes Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Burger King counters Wendy's 'dynamic pricing' plan by offering free Whoppers 'We don't believe in charging guests more when they're hungry,' Burger King wrote in a press release announcing its 'no urge to surge' offer. 'The only thing surging at BK is our flame' 4 days ago Food Dining Out: Anabella's Kitchen and Lounge, a pricey Mediterranean restaurant, showed promise, but was uneven Anabella's is an ambitious effort by co-owners Jason Anbara, an Ottawa mortgage broker, and chef Ozzie Osman. The question for them is whether there's value for money at Anabella's price point. 12 Comments 4 days ago Local Food Reviews Wendy's says it has no plans to raise prices during the busiest times at its U.S. restaurants Wendy’s says that it has no plans to increase prices during the busiest times at its restaurants. 5 days ago World More life stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 1 day ago Obesity Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 1 day ago Obesity Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion Hospital gifts for men: Comfort and entertainment for a speedy recovery When the men in our lives face the challenge of recovery in a hospital setting, finding the right way to support them can significantly influence their healing. 4 days ago Health Essentials More healthing stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by The Ottawa Hospital Foundation On Track for patients in mental health Diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2022, Sean Heron turned to The Ottawa Hospital’s mental health team after being brought to the Emergency Department. The three-year On Track: First Episode Psychosis Program is helping him get his life back. 4 days ago INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by Ottawa Hospital Foundation Diagnosis of Hodgkin’s lymphoma stops Heba Haidar in her tracks When Heba Haidar was diagnosed with Hodgkin’s lymphoma, her world came to a grinding halt. On maternity leave, and with three young children at home under the age of five, she worried about what the future might hold. February 14, 2024 INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by The Ottawa Hospital Foundation Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. How kidney disease changed Katie Skidmore’s life In the spring of 2023, Katie Skidmore was diagnosed with a rare autoimmune disorder that attacked her kidneys and left her critically ill. Today, she’s learning to live a new life as a patient on dialysis and hopes for a kidney transplant. February 1, 2024 INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by The Ottawa Hospital Foundation Meet four powerhouse researchers changing the future of medicine Each year, The Ottawa Hospital honours outstanding researchers for discoveries and innovations that are having an impact around the world. This year’s honourees have led game-changing breakthroughs and clinical trials in areas such as lung disease, cancer, palliative care and regenerative medicine. January 1, 2024 INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by The Ottawa Hospital Foundation When two major illnesses collide for one patient For decades, Tanya Di Raddo thought she was suffering from severe migraines. But by her mid 40s she was diagnosed with two illnesses at the same time. She turned to The Ottawa Hospital’s MS Clinic and neurosurgery team to access specialized care. December 1, 2023 INSIDE OTTAWA HOSPITAL Advertised by The Ottawa Hospital Foundation More inside ottawa hospital stories > Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Social Scene Social Scene | Community Builders: Ronald McDonald House Ottawa’s Skifest For the 32nd year, like-minded ski-loving participants gathered on the slopes for a day of fun and to raise money for Ronald McDonald House Ottawa. The sun broke through the clouds to shine down on skiers and snowboarders as they took to the racecourse to whip through gates in a day of smiles at Mont Ste. Marie on Friday, March 1. The annual event is the organization’s main fundraiser of the year, helping to cover operational costs. 20 hours ago Social Scene Sponsored by STAR MOTORS OF OTTAWA Social Scene | Community Builders: The Snowsuit Fund’s SnowBall, A Cool Winter’s Eve The Snowsuit Fund’s signature gala achieved an impressive fundraising total, nearly reaching the $100,000 mark to strengthen the 40-year-old organization’s mission of ensuring children’s warmth during winter. Operating without government support, the organization’s devoted team annually distributes over 16,000 snowsuits to underprivileged children across Ottawa. The sold-out gala on Wednesday, Feb. 28, featured delectable creations from local chefs, captivating art displays, pulsating beats from DJs and soul-stirring live music, all harmonizing to raise vital funds through spirited live and silent auctions for this significant cause. If you know of someone doing something exceptional to help, we would love to share their story. Please send details to socialscene@postmedia.com and we will be in touch. 4 days ago Social Scene Sponsored by STAR MOTORS OF OTTAWA Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Social Scene | Community Builders: 100 Women Who Care Ottawa Marking a decade of impactful giving, 100 Women Who Care Ottawa recently celebrated a remarkable journey of philanthropy and community empowerment. The group has raised over $380,000 since its inception, supporting more than 100 Ottawa charities through a simple yet potent approach. Driven by a desire to make a difference, 100WWC follows a straightforward model: They get together four times a year, and 100 women each contribute $100 to one of the three charitable organizations. On Monday, Feb. 26, the informal grassroots group gathered at Milestones at Lansdowne Park to hear from three charities: Food for Thought Ottawa; Twice Upon a Time and Volunteer Ottawa. Members and guests then decided which organization they would make a $100 donation to. 6 days ago Social Scene Sponsored by STAR MOTORS OF OTTAWA Social Scene | Community Builders: CHEO 50/50 For 10-year-old Aviyah Simpson and her devoted mother Natasha, CHEO isn’t just a hospital — it’s a sanctuary, a place where compassion and care converge to offer a glimmer of hope in the darkest of times. Aviyah has been dealing with medical issues since she was three years old when she was diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease. This led to one of her kidneys being removed. Then, shortly after, her second kidney was removed when the team at CHEO found the masses on her remaining kidney had indeed become cancerous. “You can function with just one kidney,” her mother Natasha explained. “Life just goes on as usual. But after that second kidney was removed, our lives really changed.” This vivacious young girl now spends four days a week on dialysis at CHEO — her routine for over a year now, since the removal of the second kidney. On top of the dialysis treatments, Aviyah undergoes MRIs and CT scans every three months to monitor her condition. In 10 months, when she hits the two-year mark of being cancer-free, she will be added to the transplant list. CHEO is currently running a 50/50 lottery with chances to win a trip for two to Mexico, a brand-new Jeep Compass or the jackpot. The more tickets sold, the bigger the jackpot, and the more money goes to CHEO to improve care and services for kids. To help support CHEO provide children and youth with the chance to be kids, head to www.cheo5050.ca. If you know of someone doing something exceptional to help, we would love to share their story. Please send details to socialscene@postmedia.com and we will be in touch. February 26, 2024 Social Scene Sponsored by STAR MOTORS OF OTTAWA Social Scene | Community Builders: Run for Heart Eric Chamois, a man whose heart has endured more than its fair share of trials, is setting his sights on crossing a 5K finish line and raising $3,000 for the University of Ottawa Heart Institute. February 20, 2024 Social Scene Sponsored by STAR MOTORS OF OTTAWA More social scene stories > Advertisement 11AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Sports Opinion Business Arts Life Puzzles ePaper SubscribeFollow Ottawa Citizen Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Ottawa Citizen, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK