Mind Movies - Positive Daily Affirmations & Digital Vision Boards Home Products Free Blog Our Story Quiz LOG IN Over 10 Million vizualizers worldwide Visualize and achieve your greatest life with Mind Movies Create your vision of abundance, success, love, & wellbeing... In Just 3 Minutes A Day!* *Results are individual and dependant on personal circumstances, effort and goals. PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT ON DEMAND Easily connect with like-minded individuals and receive exclusive courses and life-changing information from Natalie inside the Mind Movies app. You’ll also get instant access to special discounts, have the chance to participate in contests, earn rewards, message other members... and much more! What is Mind Movies? Mind Movies transforms a boring vision board into a fun, digital video vision board filled with positive affirmations, inspiring images and motivating music. Get empowered to reach your goals through Mind Movies. These short videos are designed to get your mind in peak 'manifesting' mode - in just a few fun minutes a day. Mind Movies has already touched over 10,109,342 lives worldwide… and you can be next by claiming your six free Mind Movies below. Seeking your SOUL-MATE? Want more MONEY? Desire a FITTER BODY? The Mind Movies Manifesting Circle We've Proudly Served 10,109,342 People Just Like You... Join Us! Get 6 free pre-made Mind Movies and an exclusive Manifesting Mastery Video Series featuring Bob Proctor, Dr. Joe Dispenza, Dr. Joe Vitale and Natalie Ledwell. GET INSTANT ACCESS! You'll also periodically receive emails with Inspirational messages, videos, interesting offers, and cool freebies. What is Visualization? Visualization is the process of mentally imagining a goal or desire in a way that feels as if you're already living in that reality. Many of the world's most successful, productive and creative people - from CEOs and billionaires to athletes and musicians - use it every day to perform at their peak. Want to master the practice of visualization? LEARN MORE! The Mind Movies Manifesting Circle We've Proudly Served 10,109,342 People Just Like You... Join Us! Get 6 free pre-made Mind Movies and an exclusive Manifesting Mastery Video Series featuring Bob Proctor, Dr. Joe Dispenza, Dr. Joe Vitale and Natalie Ledwell. GET INSTANT ACCESS! You'll also periodically receive emails with Inspirational messages, videos, interesting offers, and cool freebies. Connect with Mind Movies! Mind Movies *Results are individual and dependent on personal circumstances, effort and goals. Close Information About Us Knowledge Base Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Coaching Earnings & Income Disclaimer Products Mind Movies 4.0 Mind Movies Matrix Ultimate Success Masterclass Mind Mastery World Summit Subliminal Success Accelerator Law of Attraction 101 Manifesting with the Masters Money Flow Meditation Never In Your Wildest Dreams The Inspiration Show Podcast Other Mind Movies App Careers at Mind Movies Write For Us Partnerships Affiliate Marketing Copyright 2024 Mind Movies © - All Rights Reserved. 113 West G Street #131 San Diego, CA 92101.