Attack Surface Management and Threat Hunting Solutions | Censys Skip to content Censys Search Teams: Industry-leading internet intelligence for growing security teams and organizations | Learn More Dismiss message Toggle Menu Products< BackProducts Explore the leading Internet Intelligence Platform for Threat Hunting and Exposure Management. Censys Search Censys Search Pricing Exposure Management The Censys Internet Map Integrations Solutions< BackSolutions Discover how to empower your security teams to defend attack surfaces and hunt for threats. External Attack Surface Management Cloud Asset Discovery Exposure and Risk Management Rapid Response Subsidiaries, Mergers, and Acquisitions Security Framework & Compliance Threat Hunting Federal Resources< BackResources Explore Censys thought leadership on threat hunting, exposure management, and industry trends. Resource Hub Blogs Censys Search Pricing Glossary ASM 101 Search Documentation Exposure Management Documentation Company< BackCompany Learn more about the Censys mission and the talented team behind it. About Leadership Board of Directors Customers Careers Culture Partners Censys Search Request a Demo Pause Video The Leading Internet Intelligence Platform for Threat Hunting and Attack Surface Management. Censys empowers security teams with the most comprehensive, accurate, and up-to-date map of the internet to defend attack surfaces and hunt for threats. Request a Demo The Censys Platform The One Place to Understand Everything on the Internet Threat Hunting Leverage best-in-class data to proactively protect your country or organization against advanced threat actors. Censys Search leads the industry in internet scanning capabilities to provide the largest, most comprehensive dataset of internet intelligence available. Learn More Attack Surface Management Censys Attack Surface Management arms organizations with the critical information they need to find, monitor, and understand their internet-facing assets in order to identify and remediate advanced threats and exposures. Learn More Censys Internet Map The foundation of the Censys Platform is our data. Founded by the creators of ZMap, Censys’ proprietary Map of the Internet offers the most coverage, fastest discovery, and the deepest insights available. Learn More Did You Know? 45x More Censys Scans 45x More Services Than the Nearest Competitor Why Censys? The Censys Difference The threat environment is rapidly evolving and bad actors are adjusting their tactics at alarming rates. As a result, today’s organizations need to be vigilant in order to protect themselves and their customers from harmful breaches. With Censys, organizations can get the most accurate data available, enabling teams to take down threats as close to real-time as possible. Coverage Censys has the widest breadth and depth of internet scanning data available. We are the only vendor conducting daily comprehensive scans of the top 100+ ports, proprietary ML-based discovery of services across all 65k ports and conducting daily refreshes on all 3b+ services in our dataset. Context Censys provides a rich understanding of everything on the internet, enabling security teams to understand asset connections, current configurations, and discovered threat details. Additionally, security teams get access to the potential impacts of each risk and recommended steps for remediation. Connections Censys provides the most comprehensive and accurate relationship of things on the internet. Through our advanced attribution engine, seed data is exposed to show connected assets, which are then enriched with contextual data for even deeper visibility. Community Founded by the creators of ZMap at University of Michigan, Censys has deep roots in the security open source community. Censys boasts one of the largest internet intelligence communities with over 288,000 users. How CustomersUse Censys Continuously Monitor Internal and External Attack Surfaces Understand and analyze the full extent of your attack surface. Whether assets are known or unknown, leverage Censys’ comprehensive dataset to discover critical exposures and mitigate risks, while embedding best practice monitoring into your security operations. Learn More Stay Ahead of the Evolving Threat Landscape In order to gain advantage over sophisticated threat actors, speed of detection is critical. With Censys, threat hunters have access to the data required to identify unknown attack methods that could have dire consequences to critical infrastructure and networks across the globe. Learn More Protect Against Emerging Threats The threat environment is rapidly evolving and bad actors are adjusting their tactics at alarming rates. Censys customers have the most accurate data available, enabling teams to take down threats in real-time and monitor changes as they occur. Learn More Empower Security Teams to Act Fast Time-to-detection is central to guarding against even the most malicious attacks. Acting fast enables you to take the critical steps needed to reinforce and remediate exposure. With Censys, you have access to the most up-to-date data available on the internet today so you can accelerate response time. Learn More Who We Work With The One Place to Understand Everything on the Internet. Pause Marquee CensysResearch Report The 2023 State of the Internet Report Read more eBook Where the Weird Things Are – How to Investigate Unusual Internet Artifacts with Censys Search Data Read more eBook Think Like An Attacker – Your Guide to Cloud Security with Attack Surface Management Read more Secure your assets today with Censys. Request a Demo Give us a call: US: 1-888-985-5547 Intl: +1-877-438-9159 Home Censys Search Censys Search Pricing Exposure Management The Censys Internet Map Integrations Partners Censys for Federal Resource Hub Blog Glossary About Censys Culture Careers Contact Us Subscribe to our blog © 2024 CensysData Retention PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Show CTA Attack Surface Management Solutions Learn more EnglishDeutschFrançaisEspañol