Homepage | Pollinator.org Pollinator Week days Donate Now Toggle navigation Who We Are About Us Where We Work P2 Canada Why Pollinators About Pollinators Threats to Pollinators How To Help Programs Bee Friendly Farming Bee Friendly Gardening The Bee MD Honey Bee Health Grants Monarchs NAPPC Pollinator Steward Certification Pollinator Week Project Wingspan Toyota Pollinator Friendly Places All Programs Consulting Consulting Training Restoration, Seed Mixes, and Design Pollinator Research Corporate and Agricultural Sustainability Solar Pollinator Habitat Resources Learning Center Find Your Roots Tool Planting Guides Garden Cards Quick References Guide Guide to Guides Bee Guides Grants Blog Pesticide Education School Garden Kit Bee Issues In The News Get Stuff Our Retail Partners Books Brochures Pamphlets Posters Garden Signs School Garden Kit Seeds and Plants Rack Cards Join Us Get Involved Partners Careers Awards Planting Resources Learn More Monarch Conservation Support Monarchs Posters Bee Friendly Farming Get Certified Consulting Services Learn More Featured Highlights Monarchs Monarch butterflies are an iconic species, easily recognized by their large and vibrant orange wings. Learn more about this species and what Pollinator Partnership is doing to protect them. BFF Third-Party Verification It’s Official! Pollinator Partnership Makes Third-Party Verified Option of Bee Friendly Farming® Certification Available to All. In 2023, Pollinator Partnership launched a third-party verified option for the Bee Friendly Farming Certified program. This option supplements the widely adopted BFF program to meet sustainable sourcing requirements from global brands and retailers. Keeping with the BFF philosophy, we developed this option closely with farmers, brands, and sustainability partners to ensure effectiveness for farmers, brands, consumers, AND pollinators. Watch our NEW 'About Us' Video Learn more about Pollinator Partnership After 25 years of serving pollinators, people, and the planet, we are thrilled to share our newly released ‘About Us’ video. Please check it out, get reacquainted with us, and join our work to support pollinators - the critical species that keep us healthy. Watch by clicking HERE. Join our Bee Friendly Gardening Program Apply Today Kick off the new year by joining our Bee Friendly Gardening program! The mission of Bee Friendly Gardening is to help you play a bigger role in the health of pollinators and the planet - no lawn, garden, balcony or window box is too small. Learn more and apply HERE. Ecoregional Planting Guides Plant for Pollinators Our ecoregional planting guides are tailored to specific areas of the United States and Canada. Click HERE to find out which ecoregion you live in and to get your free guide to plant for pollinators! Native Pollinator Garden Cards Plan your home garden These regionally specific Native Pollinator Garden Recipe Cards are designed with easy to follow guidelines for creating home pollinator gardens that provide diverse and colorful herbaceous floral displays and resources across growing seasons. Download the card for your region HERE. In The News Press Releases and Newsletters Pollinator Partnership Blog NAPPC Partner Forum Pollinator Events 20 May '24 World Bee Day May, 20 - 20, 2024 Everywhere 17 Jun '24 Pollinator Week June, 17 - 23, 2024 Everywhere 20 Jul '24 Moth Week July, 20 - 28, 2024 Everywhere 15 Oct '24 NAPPC October, 15 - 17, 2024 Washington, DC 21 Oct '24 Bat Week October, 21 - 31, 2024 Everywhere 3 Dec '24 Giving Tuesday December, 3 - 3, 2024 AboutPollinators Birds, bats, bees, butterflies, beetles, and other small mammals that pollinate plants are responsible for bringing us one out of every three bites of food. They also sustain our ecosystems and produce our natural resources by helping plants reproduce. Without the actions of pollinators agricultural economies, our food supply, and surrounding landscapes would collapse. Learn more. Pollinator Partnership A non-profit 501(c)3 organization-- the largest in the world dedicated exclusively to the protection and promotion of pollinators and their ecosystems. OUR GIVING POLICY » PRIVACY POLICY » TERMS OF USE » 2021 FORM 990 » CURRENT AUDITED FINANCIALS » Contact Us info@pollinator.org 600 Montgomery Street, STE 440San Francisco, CA 94111 1 (415) 362-1137 Tax ID 94-3283967 © 1996-2024 Pollinator Partnership Home Programs Donate × Join Us! Sign up for the Pollinator Action Team to help bees and other Pollinators! Learn about volunteer opportunities, research, events and much more! Join the Pollinator Action Team!