Enterprise Cybersecurity Solutions, Services & Training | Proofpoint US Skip to main content Products Solutions Partners Resources Company English (Americas) English (Europe, Middle East, Africa) English (Asia-Pacific) Español Deutsch Français Italiano Português 日本語 한국어 Login Support Log-in Digital Risk Portal Email Fraud Defense ET Intelligence Proofpoint Essentials Sendmail Support Log-in Contact Aegis Threat Protection PlatformDisarm BEC, phishing, ransomware, supply chain threats and more. Sigma Information Protection PlatformDefend your data from careless, compromised and malicious users. Identity Threat Defense PlatformPrevent identity risks, detect lateral movement and remediate identity threats in real time. Intelligent Compliance PlatformReduce risk, control costs and improve data visibility to ensure compliance. Premium ServicesLeverage proactive expertise, operational continuity and deeper insights from our skilled experts. Email Security and Protection Email Protection Email Fraud Defense Secure Email Relay Threat Response Auto-Pull Sendmail Open Source Essentials for Small Business Advanced Threat Protection Targeted Attack Protection in Email Threat Response Emerging Threats Intelligence Security Awareness Training Assess Change Behavior Evaluate Information Protection Enterprise Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Insider Threat Management Intelligent Classification and Protection Endpoint Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Email Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Email Encryption Cloud Security Isolation Cloud App Security Broker Web Security Identity Threat Detection and Response Spotlight Shadow Compliance and Archiving Automate Capture Patrol Track Archive Discover Supervision Premium Services Managed Email Threat Protection Managed Information Protection Managed Security Awareness Managed Abuse Mailbox Recurring Consultative Services Technical Account Managers Threat Intelligence Services People-Centric Security Program New threat protection solution bundles with flexible deployment options AI-powered protection against BEC, ransomware, phishing, supplier risk and more with inline+API or MX-based deployment Learn More Solutions by Topic Combat Email and Cloud ThreatsProtect your people from email and cloud threats with an intelligent and holistic approach. Change User BehaviorHelp your employees identify, resist and report attacks before the damage is done. Combat Data Loss and Insider RiskPrevent data loss via negligent, compromised and malicious insiders by correlating content, behavior and threats. Modernize Compliance and ArchivingManage risk and data retention needs with a modern compliance and archiving solution. Protect Cloud AppsKeep your people and their cloud apps secure by eliminating threats, avoiding data loss and mitigating compliance risk. Prevent Loss from RansomwareLearn about this growing threat and stop attacks by securing today’s top ransomware vector: email. Secure Microsoft 365Implement the very best security and compliance solution for your Microsoft 365 collaboration suite. Defend Your Remote Workforce with Cloud EdgeSecure access to corporate resources and ensure business continuity for your remote workers. Authenticate Your EmailProtect your email deliverability with DMARC. Why ProofpointToday’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. Solutions by Industry Federal Government State and Local Government Higher Education Financial Services Healthcare Mobile Operators Internet Service Providers Small and Medium Businesses Partner Programs Channel PartnersBecome a channel partner. Deliver Proofpoint solutions to your customers and grow your business. Archive Extraction PartnersLearn about Proofpoint Extraction Partners. Global System Integrator (GSI) and Managed Service Provider (MSP) PartnersLearn about our global consulting and services partners that deliver fully managed and integrated solutions. Technology and Alliance PartnersLearn about our relationships with industry-leading firms to help protect your people, data and brand. Social Media Protection PartnersLearn about the technology and alliance partners in our Social Media Protection Partner program. Proofpoint Essentials Partner ProgramsSmall Business Solutions for channel partners and MSPs. Partner Tools Become a Channel Partner Channel Partner Portal Resource LibraryFind the information you're looking for in our library of videos, data sheets, white papers and more. BlogKeep up with the latest news and happenings in the ever‑evolving cybersecurity landscape. PodcastsLearn about the human side of cybersecurity. Episodes feature insights from experts and executives. New Perimeters MagazineGet the latest cybersecurity insights in your hands – featuring valuable knowledge from our own industry experts. Threat GlossaryLearn about the latest security threats and how to protect your people, data, and brand. EventsConnect with us at events to learn how to protect your people and data from ever‑evolving threats. Customer StoriesRead how Proofpoint customers around the globe solve their most pressing cybersecurity challenges. WebinarsBrowse our webinar library to learn about the latest threats, trends and issues in cybersecurity. Security Hubs Get free research and resources to help you protect against threats, build a security culture, and stop ransomware in its tracks. Threat Hub CISO Hub Cybersecurity Awareness Hub Ransomware Hub Insider Threat Management Hub About ProofpointProofpoint is a leading cybersecurity company that protects organizations' greatest assets and biggest risks: their people. Why ProofpointToday’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. CareersStand out and make a difference at one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies. News CenterRead the latest press releases, news stories and media highlights about Proofpoint. Privacy and TrustLearn about how we handle data and make commitments to privacy and other regulations. Environmental, Social, and GovernanceLearn about our people-centric principles and how we implement them to positively impact our global community. Support Access the full range of Proofpoint support services. Learn More Break the attack chain Protect your people from advanced email attacks and identity-based threats. Defend sensitive data from theft, loss and insider threats. Get in touch 2024 State of the Phish Featured | Threat Report 2024 State of the Phish Learn more Enroll to become a Proofpoint Certified Email Authentication Specialist! Deadline to enroll is March 5th Featured | Certification Enroll to become a Proofpoint Certified Email Authentication Specialist! Deadline to enroll is March 5th Enroll now Google and Yahoo will enforce stricter email rules. Are you ready? Featured | Solution Google and Yahoo will enforce stricter email rules. Are you ready? Learn more 2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Insider Risk Management Featured | Analyst Report 2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Insider Risk Management Read the report Proofpoint Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Email Security, Q2 2023 Featured | Analyst Report Proofpoint Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Email Security, Q2 2023 Learn more 2024 State of the Phish Featured | Threat Report 2024 State of the Phish Learn more Enroll to become a Proofpoint Certified Email Authentication Specialist! Deadline to enroll is March 5th Featured | Certification Enroll to become a Proofpoint Certified Email Authentication Specialist! Deadline to enroll is March 5th Enroll now Google and Yahoo will enforce stricter email rules. Are you ready? Featured | Solution Google and Yahoo will enforce stricter email rules. Are you ready? Learn more 2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Insider Risk Management Featured | Analyst Report 2023 Gartner® Market Guide for Insider Risk Management Read the report Proofpoint Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Email Security, Q2 2023 Featured | Analyst Report Proofpoint Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Email Security, Q2 2023 Learn more Break the attack chain Recon Initial Compromise Persistence Info Gathering Priv Esc Lateral Movement Staging Impact Stop email attacks and initial compromise. Break the attack chain. The most trusted threat protection solution in the Fortune 100, Fortune 1000 and Global 2000 to secure Microsoft 365. Comprehensive visibility Know who is being attacked and how. Identify your Very Attacked People™ (VAPs). Unparalleled efficacy Detect more threats accurately with ML and behavioral analytics. Operational efficiency Reduce your team’s workload. Learn more Detect and prevent identity risk to stop lateral movement. Break the attack chain. Over 90% of attacks rely on compromised identities. Proofpoint Identity Threat Defense is undefeated in 150 red-team exercises (still counting...) Continuous discovery Discover and prioritize identity vulnerabilities. Automated remediation Automatically purge risks from endpoints and servers. Runtime detection Deploy deception for failsafe intruder detection. Learn more Stop data loss and insider threats. Break the attack chain. Trusted by 45% of the Fortune100. Content, threat and behavioral data for unified DLP protection that works across all channels. Powerful context Leverage the power of context between data, behavior and threats. Unified visibility Get visibility into and prevent data loss and insider risk across channels. Insider investigation Investigate insiders while protecting their privacy. Accelerate time to value Implement a streamlined and highly scalable cloud-native deployment. Learn more Malware & Ransomware Credential Phishing Microsoft 365 Protection Account Takeover Supplier Fraud Business Email Compromise Discover Attack Paths in Ad & Azure Ad Detect &Prevent Lateral Movement Detect &Prevent Privilege Escalation Departing Employees Compromised Users Negligent Users Sensitive Data Protection Intellectual Property Protection Microsoft 365 Protection Insider Risk Powered By Intelligence Stop threats and reduce compliance risk with Proofpoint NexusAI machine learning Cybersecurity fueled by machine learning, real-time analytics and one of the largest and most diverse data sets in all of cybersecurity. Learn More We sandbox 1 B+ Attachments per day We Analyze 1 B+ URLs per day WE MONITOR 1 M+ Cloud Accounts We analyze 1 B+ Email messages per day Learn More Start Protecting Your People Today Start A Free Trial Customer Stories Many of the world's largest companies rely on Proofpoint Every day we protect the people at more Fortune 500 and Global 2000 organizations than anyone else. Explore Our Customer Stories People-Centric Cybersecurity Solutions Solutions that work together. Solutions that build on each other. People-centric cybersecurity solutions to keep your business secure, in compliance and thriving. Combat Data Loss and Insider Risk The human element behind data loss. Learn more Change User Behavior You protect your people—and your people can protect you. Learn more Combat Email and Cloud Threats Email and cloud security everywhere your people work. Learn more Defend Your Remote Workforce Connected, compliant and secure: Meet the new remote workforce. Learn more Protect Cloud Apps Keep your people and their cloud apps secure. Learn more Intelligent Compliance Digital communication has evolved—so has compliance. Learn more Secure Microsoft 365 Next-level protection and compliance for Microsoft 365. Learn more Prevent Loss from Ransomware Stop attacks by securing today’s top ransomware vector: email. Learn more Uncertain About Your Symantec Future? Upgrade Your Symantec Solutions to Proofpoint Learn more Prepare for the E-Pocalypse Authenticate Your Email ASAP Learn More Cybersecurity insight and intel you won't find anywhere else. Visit the Threat Hub About Overview Why Proofpoint Careers Leadership Team News Center Nexus Platform Privacy and Trust Threat Center Threat Hub Cybersecurity Awareness Hub Ransomware Hub Threat Glossary Threat Blog Products Email Security & Protection Advanced Threat Protection Security Awareness Training Cloud Security Archive & Compliance Information Protection Product Bundles Resources White Papers Webinars Data Sheets Events Customer Stories Blog Free Trial Connect +1-408-517-4710 Contact Us Office Locations Request a Demo Support Support Login Support Services IP Address Blocked? Facebook Twitter linkedin Youtube English (US) English (UK) English (AU) Español Deutsch Français Italiano Português 日本語 한국어 © 2024. All rights reserved. Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap