Home - Mercy Ships Donate Our Mission About Us Get Involved Stories Contact Search for: EN / SP Volunteer Donate Mercy ShipsTranscending Borders Changing Lives In regions where resources are scarce, our state-of-the-art hospital ships are the most efficient way to deliver medical care to those in need. Over 50% of the world's population lives near a coast. Our ships are the best way to reach people in great need. Empowered by your generosity, we send our hospital ships, crewed by selfless volunteer medical professionals, to people in dire need of medical care. Your donations are the driving force behind our mission. This GivingTuesday, every gift you give is matched, doubling our ability to deliver hope and healing where it's needed most. Volunteer Donate Serving those in need since 1978 Globally, 5 billion people lack access to safe surgery. Children, teens and adults suffer and die every day from treatable causes, and one child in eight will die before age 5. Our hospital ships are staffed by a vibrant community of volunteers from around the world. From our volunteer surgeons, nurses and therapists to our volunteer teachers, mechanics and crew, everyone has a part to play. Join us as a volunteer and help bring state-of-the-art medical care to people in great need. Volunteer Adama, eye patient, at home after her surgery. Help save & transform lives. Give Monthly Your gift multiplies in impact to bring free life-changing surgery and improved healthcare to the world's forgotten poor. Driven to provide hope & healing. Mercy Ships began our mission in 1978 to provide hope and healing to those in need. Each year we send hospital ships filled with volunteer professionals who selflessly provide life-changing surgeries to children and adults who otherwise would go without. Together we are saving lives. It Starts with a Location Because 50% of the world’s population lives near a coast, we can provide more surgeries for more people with our floating hospitals. We're Built on Efficiency In regions where resources are scarce, a state-of-the-art hospital ship is the most efficient way to deliver free surgeries. We Create Lasting Change Our programs include training local professionals, providing new medical tools and resources, renovating facilities, and more. The power in a hug. Or a helping hand. The work we do together is nothing short of compassion made physical — providing a healing touch that is transformative in the lives of our patients, our volunteer crew and anyone involved in our mission. Learn more Dr. Sara Kwok carries cleft patient, Saliou on board. | Senegal Your professional skills have the power to transform lives. If you’ve always wanted to use your unique talent to transform lives and make your mark on the world, we’ve got an opportunity for you. The work of Mercy Ships impacts the lives of many — patients, families, and volunteers. Sharing your skills as a volunteer on board our hospital ships is a transformative experience that enables personal and professional growth. Join us. Volunteer with us Will Creene, radiology technician | Africa Mercy Impacting millions, globally. Through surgical care, medical training, and infrastructure development, we impact millions. With your help, Mercy Ships is working to meet the overwhelming need for safe surgery worldwide. Lives Impacted Surgical Procedures Professionals Trained Annual Volunteers Stories, Press Releases & Blog Explore the latest from Mercy Ships. In Memory of Françoise André With a heavy heart, Deyon and I announce that our dear friend Françoise André has gone to join her Heavenly Father on February 24th. Françoise and her husband Henri have ... Read more A New Lease on Life Every mother wants her baby to be happy and healthy, so Ndiate was heartbroken when her second daughter, Mame Diarra, was born with gaps on both sides of her lips. ... Read more Unlocking Her Voice For the last 20 years, Ramatulai’s voice had been locked inside. Thanks to a rare condition known as temporomandibular joint (TMJ) ankylosis, she could not completely open her mouth. “She ... Read more In Memory of Françoise André With a heavy heart, Deyon and I announce that our dear friend Françoise André has gone to join her Heavenly Father on February 24th. Françoise and her husband Henri have ... Read more A New Lease on Life Every mother wants her baby to be happy and healthy, so Ndiate was heartbroken when her second daughter, Mame Diarra, was born with gaps on both sides of her lips. ... Read more Unlocking Her Voice For the last 20 years, Ramatulai’s voice had been locked inside. Thanks to a rare condition known as temporomandibular joint (TMJ) ankylosis, she could not completely open her mouth. “She ... Read more View all Stories Let’s make a difference. Help bring hope and healing to people in need. Join us with your support. Volunteer Donate Stay Up to Date #mercyships Follow Mercy Ships: Links Our MissionAbout UsVolunteer Get InvolvedStoriesContact Resources Mercy Ships (903) 939-7000 P.O. Box 1930 Garden Valley, TX 75771 BoardCareersEspañolGift Catalog InternationalMercy MinutePrivacy PolicySupplier Portal Connect Receive the latest news and information about Mercy Ships Mercy Ships is a 501 (c)(3) organization. EIN: 26-2414132 Copyright © 2023 Mercy Ships Top Keep up to date Name First Last Country Email By submitting, I consent to receive content from Mercy Ships in accordance with their Privacy Policy.EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.