tawk.to – "100% FREE live chat software for your website!" Skip to content Introducing AI Assist! Instantly solve problems, boost team productivity, and delight customers! Activate Your 100 Free Monthly AI Messages! Products Live Chat Chat Pages Contacts Knowledge Base AI Assist (NEW!) Services Hire Chat Agents Hire a Virtual Assistant Virtual Assistant Use Cases Bookkeeping and Finance VA Digital Marketing VA Executive and Personal VA E-commerce VA Health Services VA Real Estate VA Web Development VA Customers Partners Become a Partner Partner Directory Resources Help Center Academy Business Messaging Masterclass Respond to a Chat Setting Up Your Knowledge Base Developers Blog Community Why Free? English العربية Español Français Italiano Português Русский Türkçe Menu Products Live Chat Chat Pages Contacts Knowledge Base AI Assist (NEW!) Services Hire Chat Agents Hire a Virtual Assistant Virtual Assistant Use Cases Bookkeeping and Finance VA Digital Marketing VA Executive and Personal VA E-commerce VA Health Services VA Real Estate VA Web Development VA Customers Partners Become a Partner Partner Directory Resources Help Center Academy Business Messaging Masterclass Respond to a Chat Setting Up Your Knowledge Base Developers Blog Community Why Free? English العربية Español Français Italiano Português Русский Türkçe Log in Sign Up Free "I can't believe it's free!" "wow, absolutely perfect!" "I just want to hug you!" Message your customers, they'll love you for it Monitor and chat with the visitors on your website,respond to support tickets, organize contacts and createa help center to empower customers to help themselves.All 100% Free – Don’t believe us? Read why Monitor and chat with the visitors on your website, respond to support tickets and create a Help Center to help customers to help themselves – all 100% Free 💪 SIGN UP FREE Easy set-up • Free Forever • Secure​ Live Chat • Ticketing • CRM • Knowledge Base • Chat Pages • Team Chat • + More Why tawk.to? Because you need a free and easy way to communicate with your customers Get close Your customers have questions before they buy. Be where they are, when they need you, so they have the confidence they need to choose you over the competition. Every time. Get organized With customer data siloed across so many tools, it’s hard to get a top-down view of the customer journey. Not anymore. You now have one place for all your customer interactions. Get in front Easily identify FAQs and capture help center searches to create articles and shortcuts, so agents can respond faster, and customers can get help without having to make contact. How does it work? Add a small JavaScript snippet to your site — it takes 30 seconds to get started Monitor customeractivity in real time See which pages your visitors are on in real time, what they are searching for within your Knowledge Base and how often they visit your website. View activity across their entire journey. See clearly which team member responded to a customer last and maintain a complete conversation history. Meet customers where they are Access is the currency of the web. You need to be where your customers are, and if you’re not, your competitors will be. With tools like Live Chat, Ticketing, a Knowledge Base and video and voice add-ons, you have what you need to be there for customers when and where they need you most. Collaborate and assign conversations Tag and assign conversations to members of your team and ensure the right person is responding at the right time. Seeing the entire journey alongside customer data gives you the power to respond with context and ultimately create memorable and positive customer experiences. Easily shareyour knowledge Streamline support with a free customizable Knowledge Base that both your team and your customers are going to love. Easily share your team’s know-how internally alongside chats, then select what to publish publicly. Have intelligentconversations Being able to respond to a conversation within the context of a customer journey, armed with shortcuts and Knowledge Base articles, makes it easy to deliver epic customer experiences. Don't take our word for it though ... See how 5+ MILLION people use tawk.to to get closer to their customers Play Play Play Play Play Play Previous Next MORE CUSTOMER STORIES Ranked #1 with a 98% customer satisfaction score, millions of people use tawk.to to interact with billions of customers. All the Features, without the price tag A truly customizable live chat and customer communication platform packed with premium features 45+ Languages JavaScript API Group Messaging Video + Voice (Add-on) Agent > Agent Messaging Screen Sharing Desktop Notifications 1880+ Emoji Geo IP Tracking Unlimited Agents Track Sentiment Unlimited History Track Engagement Detailed Reporting Ban/Unban Visitors Agent Alerts Aliases Departments File Transfer Tags Attention Bubble Domain Restriction Scheduler Mail Notifications Message Filtering High Load Dashboard Secure Encryption Custom Tabs Message sneak-peek Visitor Information In-Chat Payments (beta) Automated Translation (beta) ..and much, much more. Have questions? Let's do our best to answer your most frequently asked questions How many agents can we add? There are no limits to the number of agents you can add to a property. tawk.to is an agent-centric chat application, which means every agent has their own account and you can share properties. How can you offer this for free? We generate revenue by providing Hired Agent services for customers that don’t want to answer the chat themselves.To use the software and answer yourself is completely free, with no limits at all on the number of Agents, chat volumes or sites you can add widgets to.tawk.to is truly 100% free and then just $1/hr if you need professionally trained, native speaking chat agents to help you answer your chats.Win/Win right? Do you limit the number of concurrent chats? No. You can answer as many concurrent chats as you wish. There are no limits. Is our data safe? We take your privacy and data security very seriously. All communication between you and your visitors is over SHA-256 Secure Socket Layer, and all data is housed on encrypted servers. Will I ever be charged to use the software? No. The Desktop and Mobile apps are all 100% free. We have no intention to charge you for using the software. It completely goes against our business model.A small number of our users pay a very small fee to remove the “Powered by tawk.to” branding, though you are NOT obliged to do so. We do not limit features.Offering a premium product completely free is what has made tawk.to the #1 most widely used chat application in the world. Are there any Ads? No! We do not have any annoying Ads within tawk.to! Yuck! Under no circumstance would we ever sell your data, or promote 3rd party products to you. You are not the product. How do I get support? We offer 24×7-365 live support via both chat and email. Simply initiate a chat on our site at any time, and a member of our dedicated support team will help as best as they can. Where can I find documentation? The tawk.to Help Center can be found here. Do you offer a self-hosted solution? tawk.to is a hosted solution. We don’t currently offer an on-premise option. However, we would like to shed some light on this issue, as it’s important to understand why that is the case.tawk.to is currently hosted at Google Cloud, with a globally distributed architecture, to bring the application as close as possible to both our customers and end consumers. Due to the nature of Messaging, the speed (and latency) of message delivery can be the difference between a great or poor visitor experience.For a product like Live Chat, on-premise hosting is honestly a really bad idea. How many businesses use tawk.to? tawk.to is the world’s #1 most widely used live chat software. More than 35% of all websites that use live chat, use tawk.to.Millions of business users communicate with billions of end consumers via tawk.to. In fact, over 2 billion end consumers interact with a tawk.to widget each and every month. That’s 1/5th of the world’s population. When is your next Meetup? Something we are most proud of at tawk.to is the number of incredible relationships we have made within our community. Which is why we‘ve continued to invest in global-meetups since inception.From Bali to Berlin and Melbourne to Milan, we regularly meet with our community. We’ve learned so much from the time we’ve spent together.Given the current restrictions impacting global travel, we have suspended Meetups. To register your interest and see where the tawk.to crew will be next, please bookmark meet.tawk.to. We can’t wait to meet you all out there soon! Where are you based? We trade from Las Vegas, Nevada, though tawk.to has a globally distributed team. We hire the best people we can find, regardless of location. We are a diverse crew. And when we say diverse, we really mean it.Our CEO/founder is an Italian-Australian, our CTO is an Indian-Malaysian, our COO is a Russian-Latvian and we are made up of hundreds of dedicated crew members spread across 20 different countries and all time zones. Just between our founders alone, we speak 7 languages. The rest of the crew speak 20+.We believe you are not defined by where you were born, the religion you follow, the shade of your complexion, or the language you speak. Diversity and inclusion are at the core of who we are. We hire based on merit and firmly believe that good people attract good people. “You shouldn't have to pay to chat with the visitors on your website. They're your visitors!” Forever Free. It's that simple. Robert, founder. People prefer to message Your customers have spoken loud and clear. Messaging is their channel of choice — and you need to be where your customers are, when they need you the most. Easy set-up Free Forever Secure SIGN UP FREE Get tawk.to Web Browser Windows macOS iOS & Android Products Live Chat Chat Pages Knowledge Base Contacts - a Free CRM AI Assist Services Hire Chat Agents Hire a Virtual Assistant Resources Help Center Academy Developers Status Blog About Why Free? Careers - Join Us! Customers Partners Let's tawk? The green widget you see below this text is the tawk.to live chat widget, if you click it you will see the window maximize and you will be able to chat with the tawk.to team 24×7-365. You can add a chat widget like this on your own site, with your own custom colors, messages, size, position and language. Click the widget and give it a try! Privacy & Terms Report Abuse Contact Us [language-switcher] Linkedin-in Twitter Facebook-f Instagram Youtube Wordpress © Copyright 2024 tawk.to, inc. All Rights Reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners [contact-form-7 id="2264" title="LeadGen"]