Author of Deep Work, Study Hacks Blog - Cal Newport NEW BOOK! Explore a better way to work – one that promises more calm, clarity, and creativity. LEARN MORE Skip to content Menu Menu Home Scholarship Writing Essays Press Contact Meet Cal Newport Computer Scientist & Bestselling Author Cal is an MIT-trained computer science professor at Georgetown University who also writes about the intersections of technology, work, and the quest to find depth in an increasingly distracted world. Want to live a deeper life? Subscribe to Cal’s newsletter. Sign up to join more than 70,000 subscribers who have Cal’s essays delivered straight to their inbox every week. You’ll receive the essays via email. Your email address is never sold or shared. Cal the Writer New York Times Best Seller Cal is the author of seven books, including, most recently, A World Without Email, Digital Minimalism, and Deep Work. His titles have cumulatively sold well over 2,000,000 copies, have been published in 40 languages, and include multiple New York Times bestsellers. In addition to his books, Newport is a contributing writer for the New Yorker and is the host of the Deep Questions podcast. Find out more about Cal’s books Watch or Listen to Cal’s podcast Browse Cal’s New Yorker archive Cal the Academic Georgetown Professor Cal is currently the Provost’s Distinguished Associate Professor of Computer Science at Georgetown University. Before arriving at Georgetown, he earned his PhD from MIT. Cal’s academic research focuses on the theory of distributed systems, with a particular interest in what can and cannot be solved in challenging settings. More recently, he’s also become involved in the emerging discipline of digital ethics. In his academic career to date, Cal has published over 65 peer-reviewed articles that have been cited over 4,500 times. More on Cal’s scholarship Cal’s Google Scholar profile Cal’s academic CV Featured Articles Cal writes for both general and academic audiences on a variety of topics. Here are two featured articles from both of these categories. General audience The Year in Quiet Quitting In this end-of-year article for The New Yorker, Cal argues that the Quiet Quitting phenomenon is not as new and puzzling as it may at first appear. It is instead just the latest in a long line of generational confrontations with the meaning of work. Read more Academic audience Smoothed Analysis of Information Spreading in Dynamic Networks In this 2022 article, which won the Best Paper award at the International Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC), Cal and his co-authors prove that information spreading in dynamic networks is perhaps not as hard as existing lower bounds imply. Read more The Technology and Culture Trilogy Between 2016 and 2021, Cal published three culture-shifting, bestselling books that dissected the rise of digital distraction at work and at home, and provided frameworks for combating these diversions. Start here if you want to understand how you lost your focus and learn what you can do to gain it back. Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World More about Cal’s books A World Without Email: Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload More about Cal’s books Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World More about Cal’s books This site is the online home for the computer science professor and bestselling author Cal Newport. Here you can learn more about Cal and both his general-audience and academic writing. You can also browse and subscribe to his long-running weekly essay series. For more on Cal's podcast, videos, and online courses, please visit his media portal, TheDeepLife.com Contact Info Academic Communication[email protected] Media Inquires[email protected] All Other RequestsSee Contact Page Quick Links Scholarship Writing Essays Press Contact Media Kit Podcast/Videos Privacy Policies Cookie Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2024 Cal Newport, All rights reserved.