Hubzilla - info@hubzilla.org Open main menu Discover Hubzilla Why Hubzilla? What for? Apps User Feedback News / Roadmap User guide Get started Basic concepts Tutorials Admin guide FAQ Support the project Use Hubzilla Admin guide Apps User Feedback News / Roadmap Basic concepts Tutorials FAQ Share content only with those you have given permission to access it. Use or self-host the powerful all-in-one home base for collaborational and social interactions. Beyond being part of the open, interoperable and decentral fediverse, Hubzilla provides full privacy control. Customisable Federated Libre & community-based Use it Setup a hub Support the project Connect online with colleagues, friends or family to discover, follow, share, discuss and develop data, information, ideas and life. Why use Hubzilla All: The full range of cooperation and social formats Hubzilla is not limited to a specific type of cooperative and social interaction. You can follow whoever and share exclusively with them whatever you want: local blog articles, news feeds, wikis, webpages, polls, workflow items, videos, images, audio and other files (cloud, webDAV), calendars, address books, federated microblogging posts without length restrictions and more. In: Connecting to virtually anybody in- and even outside the fediverse Connect to users from other Hubzilla and Streams servers (through Zot/Nomad), ActivityPub based servers (Friendica, Mastodon, Misskey, Pleroma, Peertube, Pixelfed, Funkwhale, to name the most common) and Diaspora servers. Cross-post to X. Provide people with no social service account access to your privacy-protected content through "guest tokens". Import RSS feeds from external websites. An RSS feed containing your own posts is provided out of the box. One: Visionary integration of security, privacy, access control, and ownership Reveal publications and informations about yourself appropriate to each situation and keep them forever as private as you want – using multiple nomadic identities, organising your connections and access controlling. Keep offensive content away. Privacy respecting technologies are used by default. Install and update your own hub easily on webhosting, a dedicated / virtual / home webserver or a Raspberry Pi home server with the method of your choice (manual web install, full-service automatic install script, docker container or pre-configured full server images like Yunohost). explore What you can do with Hubzilla Need a federated cooperative social network account? Register on a Hubzilla hub. Want to set up a server for your community? Check out the installation procedure. Go online with your own website, blog, vlog/video channel or audio podcast and keep full control over it You keep the ownership of your identity and your data throughout their travel through the fediverse Become independent from your host and invulnerable Even if you trust your web admin – Downtime or losses of data, server discontinuation or being banned won't bother you: Make your identities nomadic by cloning or moving them between servers. Take your connections and data along. Have many faces for specific purposes Cultivate multiple identies and target groups (e.g. family & friends, colleages, hobby, blogging, video tutorials, community services) in one account Set fine-control access to each published item Allow selected connections, guests and / or connection lists access by using a universal Access Control List tool. Keep away offensive content Filter out illegal, offensive or otherwise undesired content and block identities who spread such – as adminsitrator for your whole site or as a user. Use privacy respecting technologies All content is routed privatly, using cross-site (remote) authentication, encrypted by default, plus optional peer-to-peer encryption for sensitive content. Apps The features of Hubzilla are easily extendible via a powerful, easy to handle addon system. Whether you want to coordinate tasks in your community, organise a mutual aid community, curate learning resources or run a online store, there can be the right app for you! Webpages Build webpages using a layout framework. Allow some of your connections to see or edit them. Core feature Wiki Allow some of your connections to see or edit your wiki pages. Compare the edits. Addon Flashcards Learn vocabulary by using this app. Share your flashcard collections with your connections. Addon Do you need a specific app for your community? Let's build it together User feedback Haakon Meland Eriksen Stuck at sea? Come fly with me I grew up on the open web. I want it back. The open web is like a town square, open to everyone, people streaming by as you walk along. Maybe you sit down at an outdoor café with a friend and you enjoy the scene together. Maybe you want a bit more quiet, so you move inside the café at a window table, so you can look out the window while talking with your friends. Maybe you are having a private date, so you move little further into the café ... hosh My current use of hubzilla The whole purpose of using hubzilla, rather than other Zot flavors, is to do interesting things with the web, and to use tools like wikis and webpages. That's what I'm trying to do again now. I get terribly embarrassed and confused by the mix of public and private on the web. That happened most recently when I was moving a bunch of posts around and these got shifted by a bot I'd set up on Mastodon into a public timeline. I think that public timelines are one of the most problematic aspects of ... Ian Strasser The Post-Facebook Social Network Imagine a world where you actually have control over every detail of your online presence. Strange to think that’s actually a real picture we need to paint, but it’s true. This world isn’t some farfetched future, it’s a present opportunity that’s been in the making for us, for over a decade. Like an unhelpful friend, many authors on this topic have complained about the problems with Facebook, but failed to provide, or act upon any realistic solutions to ... Organisations using Hubzilla News / Roadmap Hubzilla is continuously brought further since 2012 to extend the possibilities of web publishing and of the fediverse. Visit or follow the main developer of Hubzilla to get informed in detail about the new releases. Bridges between fediverse protocols The first Fediverse services federated only in-service via their specific protocol. To connect these isolated galaxies, Mike McGirvin created Hubzilla's predecessor which was called Friendica (intially Mistpark), with its own protocol, but with support for most other protocols, allowing social postings to be sent to and received from other networks (even some commercial services that offer an open interface). Blogging features, WebDAV, CalDAV and CardDAV After Friendica, Mike McGirvin wanted to create something more visionary than a social network, so he developed a network that could handle basically any type of social web content, regulated by a full-fledged access control system, and with sophisticated mechanisms of security, privacy, and ownership. This network was named Redmatrix first and later renamed to Hubzilla, and came with the highly capable protocol Zot. OpenID, remote authentication, nomadic identity Hubzilla got enhanced as an OpenID provider, allowing users to log into OpenID-enabled sites with their Hubzilla channels. The Zot protocol has built in nomadic identity and a mechanism which makes it possible to a server to grant or refuse access to content and actions to identities which are registered on a different hub. Better permissions handling Improved workflow for setting permissions and streamline the way permissions are set across all relevant modules. Improved guest access Improved workflow for dealing with guest access tokens and provide quick access where applicable. Improved page layout editor. Dashboard added. A user interface for the page layout editor was created. The UI allows to drag and drop the building blocks with the mouse. A dashboard which provides a welcome page after login has been added. Various widgets provide an overview of recent activities. Added more functionalites to the dashboard. The dashboard now gives an overview over received posts, divided into public, private and starred ones and those in which the user is mentioned. When it comes to cloud files, wiki pages, photos and webpages, the user sees previews of the most recent created three objects, allowing fast access to them. Join us We want to partner with progressive communities, cooperatives, municipalities and grassroots movements to design and build network tools together, and make them available for everyone to use and optimize. Do you want to discuss yours needs and see if a Hubzilla core app or addon might help? Do you want to contribute to building the Hubzilla ecosystem? Want to get involved as a translator, developer or beta tester? 💬 Let's chat. Login Email or nickname Password Remember me Login Register Password Reset Remote Authentication framagit.org/hubzilla/core artwork by aaatelier.eu Imprint & privacy