Lifeline Australia - 13 11 14 - Crisis Support. Suicide Prevention. Skip to main content If life in danger call Triple Zero 000 Talk to us Close If life in danger call Triple Zero 000 Call 13 11 14 Text us Chat with us Menu Get help Back Get help homepage I'm feeling suicidal I'm having a difficult time I'm worried about someone Information and support External support services Real experiences Back Real experiences homepage Community perspectives Holding on to Hope podcast Watch lived stories Discussion forums Get involved Back Get involved homepage Individual Volunteer as a Crisis Supporter Community volunteering Make a Donation Donate in Memory Leave a gift in your will Fundraise Campaigns & events Corporate Our National Partners Corporate partnerships Workplace and Community Training Resources Back Resources homepage Media resources News and media releases Data and statistics Fact sheets Shop merchandise About Back About homepage Who we are Our services Our impact Our research Location finder Government supporters Careers Governance Contact us Search Search Search Fundraise Donate Volunteer Want to talk about it? We’re here for you Call 13 11 14 Chat with us Text us You are not alone. We're here to listen. We are a national charity providing all Australians experiencing emotional distress with access to 24 hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. We exist so that no person in Australia has to face their darkest moments alone. two hands are touching I'm feeling suicidal If you're really struggling, we're here for you. two hearts are touching I'm worried about someone Useful information, advice, and support to help you or someone you know start to feel better. house image Tools, Techniques & Stories View information, tools, techniques and real stories to help you understand how you’re feeling. On The Line Australia Amalgamation From 1 October, 2023 Lifeline will be delivering the suicide prevention, mental health and counselling services formerly delivered by On the Line Australia. banner to direct you to Lifeline's Self Help portal Try Lifeline's Self Support Toolkit Access tools, techniques and information to self-manage what you're going through Holding on to Hope podcast Holding on to Hope podcast Go on a journey of personal stories about the lived experience of suicidality Workplace and Community Training Committed to building resilient workplaces and communities. How to get involved one hand passing coins to another Donate circle of hands Fundraise Smiling woman with call headset Volunteer Professional woman Corporate Partnerships Shaping the conversation around suicide We're committed to empowering Australians to be suicide-safe through advocacy, education and providing important opportunities for connection. Our Research Data and Statistics Media Resources Call 13 11 14 24/7 Crisis Support About this service Short-term support for people who are feeling overwhelmed or having difficulty coping or staying safe confidential one-to-one support with a trained Lifeline telephone crisis supporter What we do during the call Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Work with you to explore options for support Call 13 11 14 Find out more About this service Short-term support for people who are feeling overwhelmed or having difficulty coping or staying safe confidential one-to-one support with a trained Lifeline telephone crisis supporter What we do during the call Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Work with you to explore options for support Call 13 11 14 Find out more Chat with us Available 24/7 About this service ​ Short-term support for people who are feeling overwhelmed and having difficulty coping ​or staying safe Real-time using ‘chat’ technology​ Confidential one-to-one support with a trained Lifeline Online Crisis Supporter​ If you lose your internet connection, please reconnect with our service ​ What we do Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Chat with us About this service ​ Short-term support for people who are feeling overwhelmed and having difficulty coping ​or staying safe Real-time using ‘chat’ technology​ Confidential one-to-one support with a trained Lifeline Online Crisis Supporter​ If you lose your internet connection, please reconnect with our service ​ What we do Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Chat with us Text us Available 24/7 What we do Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Work with you to explore options for support Accessing the service Step 1: Text 0477 13 11 14​ Step 2: Complete the pre-survey questions. You can choose to remain anonymous or provide us with your name and email address.​ Step 3: read and accept the Terms and Conditions. By using this service you accept these terms. Step 4: You will be connected with a Crisis Supporter as soon as one is available. Text us Find out more What we do Listen without judgment Provide a safe space to discuss your needs, worries or concerns Work with you to explore options for support Accessing the service Our crisis text service is not currently online. You can find out more about the service, including hours of operation below. Find out more Crisis support. Suicide prevention. Fundraise Donate Volunteer Quick links Service finder Information & support Explore Real experiences Get involved Who we are Get in touch Locations Media Contact us Follow us facebook twitter instagram youtube linkedIn Policies Terms of use Privacy Accessibility Language Lifeline is a registered ACNC charity. Donations $2 and over are tax-deductible in Australia. ABN: 84 081 031 263. Lifeline is also a Registered Training Organisation, Lifeline Australia RTO Code 88036. Lifeline pays its respects to the traditional custodians across the lands in which we work, and acknowledge their elders past, present, and emerging.