GEN - Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology News genprowebdirectory Facebook Linkedin RSS Twitter Youtube GEN Edge Featured News Multimedia News Insights Topics Artificial Intelligence Bioprocessing Cancer Drug Discovery Genome Editing Infectious Diseases OMICs Translational Medicine Magazine Browse Issues Subscribe Multimedia Summits Webinars GEN Live Learning Labs Podcasts Resources eBooks/Perspectives Tutorials Peer-Reviewed Journals GEN Biotechnology Re:Gen Open New Products Conference Calendar Subscribe Get GEN Magazine Get GEN eNewsletters Search Facebook Linkedin RSS Twitter Youtube Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. GEN – Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology News GEN Edge Featured News Multimedia News Insights Topics Artificial Intelligence Bioprocessing Cancer Drug Discovery Genome Editing Infectious Diseases OMICs Translational Medicine Magazine Browse Issues Subscribe Multimedia Summits Webinars GEN Live Learning Labs Podcasts Resources eBooks/Perspectives Tutorials Peer-Reviewed Journals GEN Biotechnology Re:Gen Open New Products Conference Calendar Subscribe Get GEN Magazine Get GEN eNewsletters Featured Organoids Originating from Cells in Amniotic Fluid Could Illuminate Congenital Conditions Genetic Engineering in Plants Highlight Plant-Specific Regulatory Elements Novel Antibodies Zero in on Hidden Region of Influenza Virus Protein Novo Nordisk Expands Boston Area Research and Early Development Plant Molecular Farming as a Novel Vaccine Production Method Featured Videos In July 2019, Victoria Gray, a young mother of four from Forest, Mississippi, became the first patient to receive a CRISPR-based therapy for sickle cell disease (SCD) through the exa-cel therapy trial, sponsored by Vertex Pharmaceuticals and CRISPR Therapeutics. ﻿ Her remarkable recovery since then, foreshadowing the successful treatment of dozens of other SCD patients in the trial, led to the swift regulatory approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in December 2023. Casgevy, as the therapy is now called, has also been approved by agencies in the U.K. and the European Union. Gray’s inspiring story has been shared in a series of interviews since 2019 with National Public Radio and in a brief presentation at the Human Genome Editing conference in London in March 2023. But this is her first extended video interview, recorded for the inaugural State of Cell and Gene Therapy virtual summit, broadcast on January 24, 2024. In an exclusive 45-minute interview with GEN’s editorial director, Kevin Davies, PhD, and GEN senior editor, Uduak Thomas, Gray shares her story of being diagnosed at three months, years of living with debilitating pain and doctors’ visits, and the sustaining power of her Christian faith. She brings us into the hospital room at the Sarah Cannon Cancer Institute at TriStar Health in Nashville, TN, where she received the infusion of her gene-edited “supercells.” Gray also discusses the arduous weeks of preparation and testing prior to treatment, the road to recovery, her new life back home with her family post-treatment, and finding her voice as a public speaker. Victoria Gray, the first patient with sickle cell disease to be treated using CRISPR-Cas9, on the cover of the February 2024 issue of The CRISPR Journal. [Dianne Paulet] The transcript of Victoria’s interview has been published in The CRISPR Journal (February 2024).Sickle Cell Salvation: The Victoria Gray InterviewThe Advances in Genome Biology and Technology (AGBT) meeting is off and running in Orlando, FL. Julianna LeMieux, PhD, Deputy Editor-in-Chief at GEN is on the ground—in the talks, visiting suites, and at the coffee hours. Here, she takes a moment to fill in Jonathan Grinstein, PhD, a Senior Editor at GEN, on the latest news from the first day at the meeting. ﻿Sun, Spatial, and Sequencing: A Video Report from the First Day of AGBT More Like This RSS Latest News Infectious Diseases Cellectric and Resistell Collaborate to Improve Cystic Fibrosis Therapies Translational Medicine Brain Imaging of Greater Scope Achieved with In Vivo Nanosheet Method Cancer Microbiome Helps Identify Who Benefits from Combination Immunotherapy Translational Medicine PharmaKure Enters Epigenetics Collaboration on Alzheimer’s with Sheffield Hallam University Translational Medicine UTI Pain Lingers If Immune Cells Promote Growth of Sensory Nerves Load More Touching Base Podcast Touching Base Moderna Gets Back to Its Roots, Form Bio and Ginkgo Bioworks... Touching Base Prime Editing for Isogenic iPSCs, PRINT, Universal In Vivo CAR T... Load more Latest from GEN Edge Drug Discovery StockWatch: Challengers Take Aim at Lilly, Novo Nordisk Artificial Intelligence Form Bio’s AI Ensures Gene Therapies Pass Muster, with Ginkgo’s Help GEN Edge On the Charge: MaxCyte Celebrates Role in Sickle Cell Therapy Breakthrough Latest Webinars, GEN Live, Virtual Events, eBooks, & Podcasts Upcoming Using iPSC-Derived Hepatocyte Models for Disease Modeling and Predictive Toxicology Screening In TODAY's GEN webinar, our speakers Nikolaos Nikolaou and Dominic Williams will present new research into iPSC-derived hepatocyte models, how they compare to liver cancer cells lines, and why they are a better model for large-scale preclinical drug studies. Redefining Cell and Gene Therapy Navigation MaxFuse and Beyond: Empowering Spatial Biology with Integrated Computational Tools Precise Cell Engineering Using Base Editing Demonstrated by Single-Cell Multiomics Complex mAb Purification: Challenges and Solutions Neoantigen Identification: A Microfluidics-Assisted Workflow for Fine Needle Biopsies Latest Insights AGBT Meeting Covers Wide Range of Genomics Advances Biotech around the World: The Low-Down on the Land Down Under Mass Spec–Based Single-Cell Proteomics Grapples with Heterogeneity CRISPR and Delicious Rare Disease Day: Moderna Gets Back to Its Roots RNA Medicines Address Stability and Deliverability Challenges More Like This Magazine GEN: February 2024If, by February, you tire of winter, think of it as being less about endings and more about beginnings—beginnings of the sort described in this issue of GEN. It highlights several fresh starts. Mass spectrometry is beginning to support proteomic research at the single-cell level. Psychedelic drug research, once frozen by legal strictures, is seeing a thaw, one enhanced by the introduction of safer molecules and more convenient regimens. And look for more greening in biomanufacturing, where sustainability metrics are taking root, encouraging investments in technologies that use energy, water, and raw materials more sparingly. Also, continued growth in RNA medicines seems assured now that stability and deliverability challenges are being overcome. Even so dark a subject as antimicrobial resistance admits some light, thanks to innovative companies that are defying the well-known economic disincentives and developing new interventions. Finally, as our A-List of takeover targets indicates, a spring of M&A activity is anticipated. Read Magazine Latest Articles by Topic Cellectric and Resistell Collaborate to Improve Cystic Fibrosis Therapies Brain Imaging of Greater Scope Achieved with In Vivo Nanosheet Method Lipid Nanoparticles Engineered to Target Lung Cells Reduce Tumor Size in... Microbiome Helps Identify Who Benefits from Combination Immunotherapy PharmaKure Enters Epigenetics Collaboration on Alzheimer’s with Sheffield Hallam University UTI Pain Lingers If Immune Cells Promote Growth of Sensory Nerves Latest A-Lists A-Lists Top 10 Life Sciences Jobs in the Next Decade A-Lists Top 10 Biopharma Takeover Targets of 2024 A-Lists Top 25 Biotech Companies of 2024 Latest Coronavirus News Coronavirus Yale Receives Grant to Fund Long COVID Research Coronavirus Leaky Blood Vessels in the Brain Linked to Brain Fog in... Coronavirus COVID-19- and Flu-Ravaged Lungs Could Be Repaired with mRNA Therapy Recently Featured Organoids Originating from Cells in Amniotic Fluid Could Illuminate Congenital Conditions Genetic Engineering in Plants Highlight Plant-Specific Regulatory Elements Novel Antibodies Zero in on Hidden Region of Influenza Virus Protein Cellectric and Resistell Collaborate to Improve Cystic Fibrosis Therapies Read the Digital Edition ExploreAbout GEN Contact GEN GEN Staff Editorial Guidelines Reprints and Permissions Scientific Advisory Board AdvertiseMedia Kit and Planning Calendar Advertising Terms and Conditions ResourcesGet the GEN Magazine Get the GEN Email Newsletter Inside Precision Medicine Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News. All Rights Reserved. Scroll Up