Anime News Network SoutheastAsia World USA & Canada Australia & New-Zealand India Southeast Asia Français Login forgot it? remember me or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Register No account yet? Registering is free, easy, and private. Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more. × anywhere on the site in the encyclopedia in the forums News News chronological archives Mar 5 Wind Breaker Anime's Promo Video Unveils Additional Cast, Theme Songs, April 4 Premiere Mar 5 The Legend of Heroes: Trails through Daybreak Game's Trailer Reveals July 5 Release in West Mar 5 Pumpkin Scissors Manga Resumes After 4 Years Mar 5 Date A Live V Anime Premieres on April 10 Mar 5 Bandai Namco Unveils School-Based Gakuen Idolm@ster Game App Slated for Spring Mar 5 Original Anime Mayonaka Punch Casts Fairouz Ai Mar 5 Karasu wa Aruji o Erabanai Anime Reveals 6 More Cast Members, April 6 Debut Mar 5 Switch Emulator Yuzu's Developers Cease Work, Pay Nintendo US$2.4 Million in Settlement Mar 5 Bandai Namco to Open 2,000-Seat Concert Hall in Tokyo in Spring 2026 Mar 5 I Was Reincarnated as the 7th Prince Anime Reveals More Cast, April 1 Debut Convention reports chronological archives Nov 18 Bengaluru Comic Con 2023 Nov 18 All the Announcements from Anime NYC 2023 Oct 17 Tokyo Game Show 2023 Newsfeed Interest chronological archives Mar 5 Happy Hinamatsuri From the Anime World! Part II Mar 5 Happy Hinamatsuri From the Anime World! Part I Mar 4 Reddit Anime Awards 2023 Jury Picks BanG Dream! It's MyGo!!!!! as Anime of the Year Mar 2 All the Winners of the Crunchyroll Anime Awards 2024 Mar 2 Final Fantasy VII Rebirth Game Drives to Dream with Porsche in Short Film Collaboration Feb 28 The National Gallery in London Partners with Detective Conan for 30th Anniversary Goods Feb 27 Makoto Shinkai Comments on Anime Producer Kouichirou Itou's Arrest Press Releases chronological archives 00:06 Hanashi Media Reveals an Alpha Polis Light Novel License Mar 5 TikTok Mascot-Star “Asamimi-chan” officially launches her first Roblox World ”Welcome to ASAMIMI Restaurant '' on March 5th Mar 5 Asia's Leading Destination for Japanese Anime – Animax, now on Tata Play Binge Mar 5 Second Promotional Video and Theme Song Details Released for TV Anime Mysterious Disappearances Mar 5 Dragon Ball Proudly Leads Heritage's Largest Anime Showcase Sale to Date Mar 5 JETRO Launches a Japan Feature Page “Made in Japan Games Market” on Steam to support Japanese Game Companies Views Features chronological archives Mar 5 Anime to Watch on Funimation Before They Disappear from Streaming Mar 1 Roleplaying in Re:Zero, the Dark Souls of Isekai Feb 28 Chatting About Food and Adventures with Delicious in Dungeon's Director and Voice Actors Feb 26 Reflecting on Aerith's Death on the Eve of Final Fantasy VII Rebirth's Release Feb 24 How Avatar: The Last Airbender Made Me A Late Bloomer Anime Fan Feb 21 Another Code, Ace Attorney, and Adventure Games 20 Years Later Feb 19 Veteran Animator Terumi Nishii on the Problems and Future Facing the Anime Industry Feb 17 These Unofficial Soulsborne Figures are Amazing Reviews alphabetical archives Mar 5 The White and Blue Between Us Manga Review Mar 4 Ako and Bambi Volume 1 Manga Review Mar 3 Ufouria: The Saga 2 Game Review Mar 2 Mario vs Donkey Kong Game Review Mar 1 The Klutzy Witch: Fukka and the Witch of Darkness Anime Movie Review Feb 29 Lovely Complex Anime Blu-Ray Review Feb 28 Sympathy Kiss Game Review Feb 27 God Bless the Mistaken Volume 1 Manga Review Columns chronological archives Mar 1 This Week in Games - How Zygarde Got His Game Mar 1 This Week in Anime - Previously On Final Fantasy VII Feb 29 The ANN Aftershow - Best, Worst, and Weirdest Pokémon Everything chronological archives Features (incl. Interviews and Newtype, and also as Seasonal features like Anime Spotlight, Preview Guide, Weekly Rankings) Reviews (incl. Game Reviews) Columns (incl. The ANN Aftershow, Anime News Nina!, ANNtv, ANNCast, Answerman, Astro Toy, Intern Annika, Brain Diving, Buried Treasure, Chicks On Anime, Crashing Japan, The Dub Track, The Edit List, Epic Threads, From The Gallery, Hai Fidelity, House of 1000 Manga, Ima Kore Ga Hoshiin Da, Old School, Pile of Shame, RIGHT TURN ONLY!!, Shelf Life, Sound Decision, Sub Culture, Super Plastic, Tales Of The Industry, Tankobon Tower, The Click, The Gallery, The List, The Mike Toole Show, The Set List, The Stream, The X Button, This Week in Anime, This Week in Games, Vice & Luna) Editorials (incl. Industry Comments) Advertorials New Anime Your Score: Rate the Latest Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-ray Weekly Rankings: The Best and Worst of the Season So Far According to Readers Anime Spotlight » previous seasons Winter 2024 Preview Guide 'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life A Sign of Affection Bang Brave Bang Bravern Banished From The Heroes' Party Season 2 Blue Exorcist: Shimane Illuminati Saga Bottom-Tier Character Tomozaki 2: Second Stage Bucchigiri?! Chained Soldier Cherry Magic! Thirty Years of Virginity Can Make You a Wizard?! Classroom of the Elite Season 3 The Dangers in My Heart Season 2 Delicious in Dungeon Delusional Monthly Magazine The Demon Prince of Momochi House Doctor Elise: The Royal Lady with the Lamp Fluffy Paradise The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil Gushing Over Magical Girls High Card Season 2 Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable! Ishura Mashle: Magic and Muscles Season 2 Meiji Gekken: 1874 Metallic Rouge Mr. Villain's Day Off My Instant Death Ability Is So Overpowered Sasaki and Peeps Sengoku Youko Snack Basue Solo Leveling The Strongest Tank's Labyrinth Raids Synduality: Noir Tales of Wedding Rings Tsukimichi -Moonlit Fantasy Season 2 The Unwanted Undead Adventurer Urusei Yatsura (TV 2024) Villainess Level 99 The Weakest Tamer Began a Journey to Pick Up Trash The Witch and the Beast The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic » previous seasons Daily Streaming Reviews 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life #9 A Sign of Affection #9 Blue Exorcist: Shimane Illuminati Saga #9 Brave Bang Bravern! #8 Bucchigiri?! #7 Chained Soldier #9 Delicious in Dungeon #9 Frieren: Beyond Journey's End #25 Gushing Over Magical Girls #9 Mashle: Magic and Muscles Season 2 #20 Metallic Rouge #8 Ninja Kamui #4 One Piece #1096 Sengoku Youko #8 Shangri-La Frontier #21 Solo Leveling #8 The Apothecary Diaries #21 The Dangers in My Heart Season 2 #21 The Witch and the Beast #7 The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic #8 Undead Unluck #21 Urusei Yatsura #31 Villainess Level 99 #8 Encyclopedia Anime Top 10 Latest Simulcasts Licensed Latest in Japan Upcoming TV series, movies, OAVs Manga Top 10 Licensed Latest in Japan People Most prolific cast Most prolific staff Releases This month Companies Licensors Lexicon Tools Search by genre, theme, year Comparison tool Personal settings more » Forum Forum Categories Site-Related General Industry For Subscribers Forums Talkback Anime > Series Discussion Manga Encyclopedia Feedback Retail Community Forum Information Search FAQ Usergroups My ANN Public Public Anime Lists Surveys Contests & Giveaways Newsletter ANN:Connect Subscribers Subscriber Forum Subscribe » Personal My Anime My Manga Change skin My Anime 2 (beta) About Our Team Contact us Site news Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Other policies Advertise with ANN Help FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum Login or Register forgot it? remember me Login with Facebook Login with Twitter No account yet? Registering is free, easy, and private. Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more. You must be at least 13 years old. × remind me tomorrow remind me next week never remind me Subscribe to the ANN Newsletter • Wake up every Sunday to a curated list of ANN's most interesting posts of the week. read more Sand Land: The Series Anime Reveals March 20 Premiere, Cast for New Arc Anime premieres with 1st 7 episodes on March 20, weekly debut for new arc episodes 8-13 Reddit Anime Awards 2023 Jury Picks BanG Dream! It's MyGo!!!!! as Anime of the Year Vinland Saga Season 2 voted by the public as Anime of the Year Anime to Watch on Funimation Before They Disappear from Streaming Crunchyroll is sunsetting the Funimation streaming service on April 2, and with it, these anime will disappear from streaming services. Watch these before they're gone! « » Filters All Southeast Asia • News Interest Reviews Columns • Anime Manga Novels Games Music Merch Events Industry People Live-Action Text-only Compact View Text-only List View Text-only Grid View List View with Images Grid View with Images review The White and Blue Between Us Manga Review Mar 5, 01:00 manga This is only a one-volume story, and it simply doesn't have the space to give us the needed depth of emotion, especially for lead character Mishima. ― So many love stories in fiction begin or end with a lie. That's not surprising when you think about the genre; its very nature means that any antagonistic actions need to be either ridiculously huge (kidnapping, war, etc.) or small enough to be a fixtu... review Ako and Bambi Volume 1 Manga Review Mar 4, 01:00 manga From one the creators behind Horimiya, an up-and-coming writer meets a ghost haunting his new apartment, but there are still mysteries lingering behind her death. ― You may recognize HERO as one of the creators behind Horimiya, and for some readers, that will be enough to merit picking this up. But Ako and Bambi's first volume stands on its own two feet even without that endorsement, and it is striki... game review 1 comment Ufouria: The Saga 2 Game Review Mar 3, 05:05 1 comment games Ufouria: The Saga 2 delivers a long-overdue comeback for a cult classic from the NES era, but can it live up to a legacy? ― Ufouria: The Saga 2 delivers a long-overdue comeback for a cult classic from the NES era, but can it live up to a legacy? The original Ufouria: The Saga was one that got away. Its North American release was canceled back in 1991, and even though the game made it out in Japan an... game review 6 comments Mario vs Donkey Kong Game Review Mar 2, 01:00 6 comments games The most interesting part of Mario vs Donkey Kong is trying to figure out why Nintendo released this title, in this way, at this time. ― Mario vs Donkey Kong is fine. I should probably open this review by talking about the mechanics of the game, how much should or should not change in a remake, or if this title is worth its $50 price point; but, several hours after seeing the credits roll, I remain f... More Features » More Columns » More Reviews » Tuesday, March 5 news Wind Breaker Anime's Promo Video Unveils Additional Cast, Theme Songs, April 4 Premiere Mar 5, 23:49 anime natori, Young Kee perform theme songs ― The official website for the television anime of Satoru Nii's Wind Breaker manga unveiled the main promotional video and second key visual on Wednesday. The video reveals additional cast, theme songs, and the April 4 premiere. natori performs the opening theme song "Zettai Reido" (Absolute Zero), and Young Kee performs the ending theme song "Muteki" (Unbeatable... news 1 comment The Legend of Heroes: Trails through Daybreak Game's Trailer Reveals July 5 Release in West Mar 5, 23:15 1 comment games Game launches for Switch, PS5, PS4, PC ― NIS America announced on Thursday that it will release The Legend of Heroes: Trails through Daybreak (The Legend of Heroes: Kuro no Kiseki) game for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, and PC via Steam in the West on July 5. The Legend of Heroes: Trails through Daybreak debuted for PS4 in September 2021. The game later got ports on PS5 and PC via St... news Pumpkin Scissors Manga Resumes After 4 Years Mar 5, 23:01 manga Series entered hiatus in 2020 ― Kodansha's Monthly Shonen Magazine announced on March 6 that Ryoutarou Iwanaga's Pumpkin Scissors manga will return to serialization in the May issue on April 6. Kodansha USA publishes the series in English and describes the story: The bitter war between the Empire and the Republic of Frost has ended, but three years after the ceasefire, the Empire is still ravaged by... daily briefs Date A Live V Anime Premieres on April 10 Mar 5, 22:42 anime The official website for the Date A Live V television anime announced on Tuesday that the series will premiere on April 10 at 11:30 p.m. JST on AT-X. The anime will then air on Tokyo MX, BS11, KBS Kyoto, and Sun TV. The show will also stream on d Anime Store. The anime features a returning cast and staff. The new cast includes Aya Endo as Mio Takamiya, a beautiful young girl who is a mysterious e... ep. review 720 comments One Piece ‒ Episode 1096 Mar 5, 21:30 720 comments anime Just 10/10 stuff all around. news Bandai Namco Unveils School-Based Gakuen Idolm@ster Game App Slated for Spring Mar 5, 20:09 games Pre-registration starts on Tuesday ― The IDOLM@STER franchise announced its brand new game app titled Gakuen Idolm@ster (Academy Idolm@ster) on a live stream on Tuesday. The game is scheduled for release this spring on iOS and Android devices. Pre-registration for the game has also officially started on Tuesday. The live stream unveiled the new game's first promotional video and staff, and it also in... news Original Anime Mayonaka Punch Casts Fairouz Ai Mar 5, 18:26 anime Fairouz Ai plays streamer group leader Live ― Kadokawa and P.A. Works announced the second cast member for their original television anime project Mayonaka Punch (Midnight Punch) on Tuesday. Fairouz Ai plays the role of Live (pronounced "ribu"), the leader of the "Mayonaka Punch" group. Fairouz Ai as Ribu The anime's six cast members will be announced one by one every day. On Monday, it was announced... news 1 comment Karasu wa Aruji o Erabanai Anime Reveals 6 More Cast Members, April 6 Debut Mar 5, 17:47 1 comment anime Eiji Takeuchi, Satoshi Hino, Hiroshi Shirokuma, more join cast ― The official website for the television anime of Chisato Abe's Karasu wa Aruji o Erabanai (The Raven Does Not Choose Its Master) novel, the second novel of her Yatagarasu novel series, revealed the anime's April 6 premiere and additional cast members. The newly announced cast are (from left to right in image above): Eiji Takeuchi as Sum... news 8 comments Switch Emulator Yuzu's Developers Cease Work, Pay Nintendo US$2.4 Million in Settlement Mar 5, 14:48 8 comments games Tropic Haze also ceases distribution, development of Nintendo 3DS emulator Citra ― Tropic Haze, the legal entity behind the developers of the Yuzu emulator for the Nintendo Switch console, reached a settlement with Nintendo on Monday. Tropic Haze agreed to pay US$2.4 million to Nintendo and cease development and support of Yuzu and the Nintendo 3DS emulator Citra. The Yuzu developers have also delete... news Bandai Namco to Open 2,000-Seat Concert Hall in Tokyo in Spring 2026 Mar 5, 14:00 industry Bandai Namco also establishes new subsidiary to manage venue ― Bandai Namco Holdings announced on Tuesday that it will start building a concert hall that can host 2,000 attendees in Tokyo on March 15. It plans to open the five-floor hall in the Shibuya Ward's Udagawachō district (about 10 minutes by walking from Japan Railways' Shibuya Station) in spring 2026. Bandai Namco Base, a new wholly owned su... news I Was Reincarnated as the 7th Prince Anime Reveals More Cast, April 1 Debut Mar 5, 11:27 anime Shun Horie, Yūya Hirose, Akane Kumada, Eriko Matsui join cast ― The official Twitter account for the television anime of Kenkyo na Circle's I Was Reincarnated as the 7th Prince so I Can Take My Time Perfecting My Magical Ability (Tensei Shitara Dainana Ōji Datta no de, Kimamani Majutsu o Kiwamemasu) light novel series announced four more cast members and the April 1 premiere for the anime on Tuesday.... interest 3 comments Happy Hinamatsuri From the Anime World! Part II Mar 5, 10:30 3 comments just for fun Put your dolls out for display 'cause it's hinamatsuri in Japan! ― March 3 is a time of celebration in Japan. The day, commonly known as Hinamatsuri (Dolls' Day or Girls' Day), is a day for families to break out a set of dolls representing the Emperor, Empress, attendants, and musicians and enjoy them while eating snacks. However, the holiday goes by a second name: Momo no Sekku or Peach Festival. Wh... interest 3 comments Happy Hinamatsuri From the Anime World! Part I Mar 5, 09:59 3 comments just for fun It's time to break out the Emperor and Empress dolls for Girls' Day in Japan! ― It was a warm and sunny day on March 3 in Tokyo — a perfect day to enjoy the Tokyo Marathon. But for those who celebrate in a more traditional way, it was also Hinamatsuri (a.k.a. Dolls' Day or Girls' Day). So, what do people do on this holiday? They put dolls of the Emperor, Empress, attendants, and musicians on display ... ep. review 77 comments Shangri-La Frontier ‒ Episode 21 Mar 5, 09:30 77 comments anime From the little that we've seen, Katzo is a professional gamer, and it would be cool if we could see that expertise play a part in the game, comparing them to Sunraku's game exploit intuition and Arthur's trickery. ep. review 39 comments The Dangers in My Heart Season 2 ‒ Episode 21 Mar 5, 08:30 39 comments anime Love can be dangerous, as Kyotaro and Anna have to face a stalker. ep. review 16 comments Urusei Yatsura ‒ Episode 31 Mar 5, 07:30 16 comments anime My favorite joke in the episode is the game of spot-the-difference, where it just became a case of "Hey, look at this," and most of it wasn't very funny. ep. review 15 comments Ninja Kamui ‒ Episode 4 Mar 5, 06:30 15 comments anime Without the dazzle of cool ninja fights to distract from it, all of the issues with the show's writing are laid bare. news Synduality Echo of Ada Game Begins Closed Beta on March 28 Mar 5, 06:00 games Bandai Namco Filmworks, Bandai Spirits' Synduality project includes anime, game, manga ― Bandai Namco Entertainment America announced on Monday in a new trailer that a closed beta test for its Synduality Echo of Ada game will begin on March 28, with sign-ups open now. The closed beta will end on April 1. The game is scheduled for release on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X|S, and PC via Steam, but there ... news 1 comment How a Realist Hero Rebuilt the Kingdom Light Novels End With 20th Volume Mar 5, 05:00 1 comment novels Series debuted in May 2016, got anime adaptation in July 2021 ― The afterword in the 19th volume of Dojyomaru's How a Realist Hero Rebuilt the Kingdom (Genjitsushugi Yūsha no Ōkoku Saikenki) light novel series revealed last week that the series will end with its 20th volume. The anime adaptation debuted in July 2021. Funimation streamed the anime as it aired in Japan. The anime's second part premiere... news Demon Slayer: Kimetsu Academy Manga Ends Mar 5, 04:00 manga Natsumi Hokami launched manga about Demon Slayer characters at school in August 2021 ― This year's April issue of Shueisha's Saikyo Jump magazine published on Monday the final chapter of Natsumi Hokami's Demon Slayer: Kimetsu Academy manga based on the "Kimetsu Gakuen" spinoff anime shorts of Koyoharu Gotouge's Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba manga. The manga's sixth and final compiled book volume wi... ep. review 348 comments Frieren: Beyond Journey's End ‒ Episode 25 Mar 5, 03:30 348 comments anime It's not the planning or magic slinging that is the highlight of the episode. Rather, it's the flashback to the last meeting of Frieren and Serie. news 1 comment Yu-Gi-Oh! Go Rush!! Manga Ends Mar 5, 03:00 1 comment manga 4th volume for Naoya Sugita's manga launches on April 4 ― This year's April issue of Shueisha's Saikyo Jump magazine published on Monday the final chapter of Naoya Sugita's Yu-Gi-Oh! Go Rush!! manga for the anime series of the same name. The manga's fourth and final compiled book volume is scheduled for release on April 4. Sugita (Majin Bone, Muttsuri Shinken, Zan) launched the manga in April 2022 in... news Hideo Shinkai Launches New Manga on April 4 Mar 5, 02:00 manga Earthchild creator launches Kabushiki Gaisha 5-nen 1-kumi financial manga ― This year's April issue of Shueisha's Saikyo Jump magazine revealed on Monday that Hideo Shinkai will launch a new manga titled Kabushiki Gaisha 5-nen 1-kumi in the magazine's next issue on April 4. The manga is based on a one-shot manga "Okumanshōja Tutorial!!" by Shinkai, and it centers on financial literacy at a joint-stoc... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 5, 02:00 anime The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil #9 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 5, 01:45 anime Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable! #9 [rate] ― ep. review 81 comments Solo Leveling ‒ Episode 8 Mar 5, 01:30 81 comments anime The episode also looks back at the characters who went with Jinwoo into the double dungeon to see how their goals have changed—or haven't—due to their harrowing experience. news Ruka Tōdō's Jigoku Kura Yami Hana mo Naki Manga Ends on April 4 Mar 5, 01:30 manga Manga adaptation of Yoru Michio's light novel series launched in 2020 ― The April issue of Kadokawa's Young Ace magazine revealed on Monday that Ruka Tōdō's Jigoku Kura Yami Hana mo Naki (Hell Is Dark with No Flowers) manga, the adaptation of Yoru Michio's light novel series of the same title, will end in the magazine's next issue on April 4. Tōdō launched the manga adaptation in Young Ace in 2020. K... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 5, 01:30 anime 'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess #9 [rate] ― review The White and Blue Between Us Manga Review Mar 5, 01:00 manga This is only a one-volume story, and it simply doesn't have the space to give us the needed depth of emotion, especially for lead character Mishima. ― So many love stories in fiction begin or end with a lie. That's not surprising when you think about the genre; its very nature means that any antagonistic actions need to be either ridiculously huge (kidnapping, war, etc.) or small enough to be a fixtu... news 4 comments Live-Action Chūgaku Sei Nikki Series Streams on Netflix U.S., Canada Mar 5, 00:30 4 comments live-action Series originally aired on TV in 2018 ― The live-action series adaptation of Junko Kawakami's Chūgaku Sei Nikki manga is now available on Netflix. ANN can confirm the show is available in Japan, Canada, and the U.S. The show is streaming under the title Meet Me After School in English. The live-action series aired on television in October 2018. Ayuko Tsukahara, Kentarō Takemura, and Toshio Tsuboi di... news sora's Tsuiraku JK to Haijin Kyōshi Manga Ends in 5 Chapters Mar 5, 00:00 manga Manga launched in 2017 ― This year's seventh issue of Hakusensha's Hana to Yume magazine announced on Tuesday that sora's Tsuiraku JK to Haijin Kyōshi (Fallen High School Girl and Disabled Teacher) manga will end in five chapters. The manga's story begins right when high school student Mikoto Ochiai is attempting to take her own life by jumping off the school's roof, but a teacher named Jin Haiba wal... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 5, 00:00 anime Synduality: Noir #21 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 5, 00:00 anime Tsukimichi -Moonlit Fantasy- #9 [rate] ― Monday, March 4 news 2 comments Tsukimichi -Moonlit Fantasy- 2nd Season Anime Casts Yoshitsugu Matsuoka Mar 4, 23:45 2 comments anime Matsuoka voices Root ― The official website for the television anime of Kei Azumi's "alternate-world social reform fantasy" novel series Tsukimichi -Moonlit Fantasy- (Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Dōchū) revealed on Monday that Yoshitsugu Matsuoka voice Root, a dragon of the highest rank who has the same "golden magic" as the goddess, in the second season. The anime premiered on Tokyo MX and BS NTV on Ja... ep. review 13 comments Bucchigiri?! ‒ Episode 7 Mar 4, 23:30 13 comments anime Instead of advancing any of our characters' arcs after the climactic fight, it returns to the same holding pattern as before. news 'Demon Slayer: The Stage' Play's Cast Attends Japan Parade in New York City on May 11 Mar 4, 23:00 live-action events Cast members in attendance will include Shogo Sakamoto, Yugo Sato, Hiroshi Yazaki, Yoko Kadoyama, Kenta Hoshi, Masahide Tada ― The staff of the Japan Parade New York City announced on Wednesday that the cast of the stage play adaptation of Koyoharu Gotouge's Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba manga will attend the parade. The parade will take place on May 11, starting at Central Park West at West 81st St... news 3 comments Not Your Idol Manga Returns from Hiatus Mar 4, 22:00 3 comments manga Series suspended serialization in 2019 ― The website for Shueisha's Ribon magazine revealed on Friday Aoi Makino's Not Your Idol (Sayonara Miniskirt) manga will return to serialization in the May issue on April 3. The series entered a hiatus in the July 2019 issue of the magazine. The manga also runs on Shonen Jump+, and Shueisha published the latest chapter in June 2019. Viz Media publishes the ser... ep. review 48 comments 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life ‒ Episode 9 Mar 4, 21:30 48 comments anime To Kyle, Arnold is the embodiment of shadow, cloaking any potential help under a dark surface that adds a chill to the air. streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 4, 21:30 anime High Card #21 [rate] ― news Bentame Jump Educational Manga Magazine Returns With New Manga Mar 4, 19:48 manga Seiji Hayashi's I'm From Japan returns; Ryō Nakama launches Kotobadō manga ― The April issue of Shueisha's Saikyo Jump magazine and this year's 14th issue of Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine revealed new manga that will launch in the spring 2024 issue of Shueisha's Bentame Jump magazine, which will ship on March 15. The titles include: A new serialization for Seiji Hayashi's I'm From Japan Ryō... news 1 comment Mayonaka Punch Original Anime Casts Ikumi Hasegawa as Protagonist Masaki Mar 4, 18:42 1 comment anime Anime reveals one cast member every day for 6 days ― Kadokawa and P.A. Works revealed a cast member for their original television anime project Mayonaka Punch (Midnight Punch) on Monday. Ikumi Hasegawa will play the series' protagonist Masaki. Starting on Monday, six of the anime's cast will be revealed one by one every day. Ikumi Hasegawa as Masaki The "girls comedy" anime centers on Masaki, a membe... news 1 comment Summer Time Rendering's Yasuki Tanaka Announces New Manga Mar 4, 18:10 1 comment manga "Unrealistic calibration action" series launches March 22 ― Shueisha's Shonen Jump revealed Summer Time Rendering creator Yasuki Tanaka will launch a new manga series in Shonen Jump+ titled Ghostfixers on March 22. The announcement teases it as "unrealistic calibration action." Tanaka's Summertime Rendering inspired an anime in 2022. Disney+ streamed the anime worldwide and exclusively in Japan. Ayum... news 2 comments Seiyū Radio no Ura Omote Anime Reveals More Staff, Visual, April 10 Debut Mar 4, 17:40 2 comments anime Keiichi Hirokawa, Kuniyuki Takahashi from MONACA compose music ― The official website for the television anime of writer Kō Nigatsu and illustrator Sabamizore's Seiyū Radio no Ura Omote (The Two Sides of Voice Actor Radio) light novel series revealed on Monday that the anime will debut on April 10. The site also revealed a new key visual and additional staff. The anime will premiere on Tokyo MX and A... news Aniplus Asia Airs Simulcast of The Misfit of Demon King Academy II 2nd Part Mar 4, 17:30 anime Anime premieres on April 12 ― Aniplus Asia announced last Friday that it will air a simulcast of the second cours (quarter of a year) of The Misfit of Demon King Academy II anime season. The second cours will premiere in Japan on April 12. The first cours of the anime's second season premiered in January 2023. Episodes 7 and beyond of the anime were delayed due to the impact of the increase in COVID-... news 2 comments Manga Creators Takehiko Inoue, Yumi Tamura, Animator Atsushi Wada Win Agency for Cultural Affairs' Media Arts Awards Mar 4, 17:08 2 comments people Awards ceremony takes place on March 12 in Tokyo ― The Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs announced the winners of the 74th "Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Fine Arts Recommendation Awards" on Wednesday. Manga creators Takehiko Inoue (Slam Dunk) and Yumi Tamura (7SEEDS, Don't Call It Mystery) won in the Media Arts category, and animator Atsushi Wada (Ikim... news Godzilla Minus One Live-Action Film Earns Over 6 Billion Yen, Becomes #1 Live-Action Film Released in 2023 in Japan Mar 4, 16:31 live-action Film sold 3.92 million tickets in 122 days ― The official X (formerly Twitter) account of Godzilla Minus One, Takashi Yamazaki's new film in TOHO's Godzilla franchise, announced on Monday that the film has earned over 6.01 billion yen (about US$39.9 million) and sold 3.92 million tickets as of Sunday, its 122nd day of screening in Japan. According to Kōgyō Tsūshinsha, the film is now the #1 live-acti... news Odex to Screen Gundam Seed FREEDOM Anime Film in the Philippines Mar 4, 16:30 anime Film opened in Japan on January 26 to become franchise's highest-earning film ― Odex announced last Friday that it will screen the Mobile Suit Gundam SEED FREEDOM anime sequel film in the Philippines "soon." The film has been screening in 354 cinemas in Japan since January 26, and added 4DX, MX4D, and Dolby Cinema screenings starting on February 9. The film is now the highest-earning film in the Gund... news 7 comments Sand Land: The Series Anime Reveals March 20 Premiere, Cast for New Arc Mar 4, 16:23 7 comments anime Anime premieres with 1st 7 episodes on March 20, weekly debut for new arc episodes 8-13 ― The official website for SAND LAND: THE SERIES, the anime series adaptation of Akira Toriyama's SAND LAND manga, revealed two new cast members, the anime's additional content, and its March 20 streaming debut date on Monday. The anime will debut its first seven episodes simultaneously on Disney+ Star's "STAR Ani... news 1 comment Touhou Genso Wanderer -FORESIGHT- Game Launches for PC via Steam on May 15 Mar 4, 15:20 1 comment games Developer Aquastyle streams trailer for roguelike RPG ― Publisher Phoenixx and developer Aquastyle announced on Saturday that they will release the latest installment in their Fushigi no Gensokyo (Touhou Genso Wanderer) roguelike game series Touhou Genso Wanderer -FORESIGHT- for PC via Steam on May 15. Phoenixx began streaming a trailer for the game. Aquastyle describes the game: After defeat in batt... news 5 comments Gintama Anime's Courtesan of the Nation Arc Compilation Film Reveals Main Visual, June 21 Premiere Mar 4, 14:37 5 comments anime Limited 3-week run of compilation film includes exclusive bonus clips ― A website opened on Monday and revealed the main visual and June 21 premiere of the Gintama on Theater 2D: Ikkoku Keisei-hen (Courtesan of the Nation) compilation film. The compilation film will have a limited three-week screening in Japan, and will include bonus clips that were not included in the arc's television episodes. The ... news Honeko Akabane's Bodyguards Live-Action Film Casts Snow Man Member Raul; Reveals August 2 Premiere Mar 4, 14:24 live-action Raul stars as protagonist Arakuni Ibuki ― Shochiku started streaming a special video for the live-action film adaptation of Masamitsu Nigatsu's Honeko Akabane's Bodyguards (Akabane Honeko no Bodyguard) manga on Sunday, announcing the film's August 2 premiere. The video also reveals that Raul (Snow Man idol group member) will play the role of protagonist Arakuni Ibuki. Junichi Ishikawa (Princess Jelly... news 2 comments New Utano☆Princesama Game App is Utano☆Princesama Live Emotion 2024 Game Mar 4, 13:59 2 comments games Utano Princesama Shining Live game ended service in December 2023 ― Broccoli announced on Monday that its planned new game app for the Utano☆Princesama franchise is titled Utano☆Princesama Live Emotion. The game will debut this year. KLab's Utano Princesama Shining Live smartphone game launched in Japan in August 2017, and released globally in 2018. The game's Japanese version ended service in Decemb... news 4 comments 27th Detective Conan Film Reveals 5 Guest Cast Members Mar 4, 13:33 4 comments anime Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Takayuki Sugo, Hiroshi Naka, Marika Kōno, Banjō Ginga guest star in film ― The official website for the upcoming Detective Conan: Hyakuman Doru no Michishirube (The Million-Dollar Five Guiding Stars) film revealed five guest cast members and new character visuals for the film on Monday. The new cast members all play key characters connected to the sword around which the film's pl... news Golden Kamuy Manga Also Gets Live-Action Series With Film's Cast Mar 4, 08:50 live-action Hiroyuki Ikeuchi, Maryjun Takahashi, Yuki Sakurai, Akihisa Shiono join cast ― WOWOW announced on Monday that it is producing a live-action series based on Satoru Noda's Golden Kamuy manga. The series will have the cast and staff from the manga's recent live-action film, and it will continue the film's story. The series will premiere on WOWOW this fall. Hiroyuki Ikeuchi joins the live-action series' c... interest 29 comments Reddit Anime Awards 2023 Jury Picks BanG Dream! It's MyGo!!!!! as Anime of the Year Mar 4, 07:00 29 comments anime Vinland Saga Season 2 voted by the public as Anime of the Year ― The jury, as well as the public has spoken, and announced their winners for the 2023 edition of the /r/anime community's annual anime awards. The jury voted for BanG Dream! It's MyGo!!!!! as anime of the year, and the public voted for the second season of Vinland Saga. The two series also won the Best Drama award this year. The winners ... ep. review 19 comments Mashle: Magic and Muscles Season 2 ‒ Episode 20 Mar 4, 05:30 19 comments anime As roughly 50% of tournament stories in shonen anime do, the one in Mashle has been forcibly formatted into an open battle against a terrorist attack. ep. review 372 comments The Apothecary Diaries ‒ Episode 21 Mar 4, 03:30 372 comments anime There's something lovable about Lihakuand, and part of that is down to his overgrown puppy energy. streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 4, 02:45 anime Mr. Villain's Day Off #9 [rate] ― ep. review 32 comments Blue Exorcist: Shimane Illuminati Saga ‒ Episode 9 Mar 4, 01:30 32 comments anime This story hasn't been without its flaws, and some of those flaws remain present this week, too. The direction remains just a little too flat and sterile for the nature of the material. review Ako and Bambi Volume 1 Manga Review Mar 4, 01:00 manga From one the creators behind Horimiya, an up-and-coming writer meets a ghost haunting his new apartment, but there are still mysteries lingering behind her death. ― You may recognize HERO as one of the creators behind Horimiya, and for some readers, that will be enough to merit picking this up. But Ako and Bambi's first volume stands on its own two feet even without that endorsement, and it is striki... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 4, 00:30 anime The Fire Hunter #18 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 4, 00:00 anime Meiji Gekken: 1874 #8 [rate] ― Sunday, March 3 ep. review 35 comments A Sign of Affection ‒ Episode 9 Mar 3, 23:30 35 comments anime I'm pretty sure if he sees Yuki at Itsuomi's apartment wearing his clothes, my dude is going to rupture an organ. streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 23:30 anime Banished From The Heroes' Party #9 [rate] ― news 2 comments Mission: Yozakura Family Anime Reveals Ending Theme Artist, New Visual Mar 3, 23:15 2 comments anime CHiCO performs ending theme for anime premiering on April 7 ― This year's 14th issue of Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine revealed on Monday that CHiCO will perform the ending theme song "fam!" for the television anime of Hitsuji Gondaira's Mission: Yozakura Family (Yozakura-san Chi no Daisakusen) manga. The issue also revealed a new visual. The anime will premiere on April 7 and will air on Sun... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 23:15 anime 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life #9 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 23:00 anime Fluffy Paradise #10 [rate] ― news 2 comments Oblivion Battery Baseball TV Anime Unveils Theme Song Artists Mar 3, 22:16 2 comments anime Rock bands Mrs. Green Apple, Macaroni Enpitsu perform opening, ending songs ― Kadokawa announced the artists behind the theme songs for the television anime of Eko Mikawa's Oblivion Battery (Bōkyaku Battery) baseball manga on Sunday. The rock band Mrs. Green Apple performs the opening theme song "Lilac," while the rock band Macaroni Enpitsu performs the ending theme song "Wasurena Uta." The baseball ... news 1 comment Where Does the Doomsday Train Go? Anime Unveils Ad, Manga Adaptation, April 1 Debut Mar 3, 21:54 1 comment anime Latest anime from Girls und Panzer, Shirobako director Tsutomu Mizushima ― The advance screening for Girls und Panzer and Shirobako director Tsutomu Mizushima's original anime Where Does the Doomsday Train Go? (Shūmatsu Train Doko e Iku?) debuted a new commercial on Sunday. The commercial announces that the anime will premiere on April 1. The staff also announced that Torimura will start serializing ... ep. review 19 comments The Witch and the Beast ‒ Episode 7 Mar 3, 21:30 19 comments anime Despite her goofiness, she takes her duty as ward of the sword seriously. news 7 comments The Idolm@ster Shiny Colors Anime Gets 2nd Season Mar 3, 20:34 7 comments anime New season premieres on TV in fall after screening as 3 films in theaters starting on July 5 ― "THE IDOLM@STER SHINY COLORS 6th LIVE TOUR Come and Unite! Brilliant Bloom" concert announced on Sunday that The IDOLM@STER Shiny Colors anime will get a second season. The new 12-episode season will premiere on television in fall, after screening in cinemas starting on July 5. Before the television premier... news 1 comment A Salad Bowl of Eccentrics Anime's Main Promo Video Unveils More Cast, Theme Songs, April 4 Debut Mar 3, 20:01 1 comment anime Yōji Ueda, Shinnosuke Tachibana, Kōsuke Toriumi join cast ― The official website for the television anime of writer Yomi Hirasaka and illustrator Kantoku's Henjin no Salad Bowl (A Salad Bowl of Eccentrics) light novel series started streaming the anime's main promotional video on Sunday. The video reveals more cast members, theme songs and artists, and April 4 premiere for the anime. The video previe... news 5 comments Gods' Games We Play Anime Unveils Key Visual, More Cast, April 1 Premiere Mar 3, 20:00 5 comments anime Kent Itō, Miku Itō join cast ― Kadokawa revealed the key visual, two more cast members, and April 1 debut for the television anime of Kei Sazane's Kami wa Game ni Ueteiru (Gods' Games We Play) light novel series on Sunday. The newly announced cast are (character names are not confirmed): Kent Itō as Darks Miku Itō as Kerlich The anime will premiere on April 1 on the AT-X channel at 9:30 p.m. JST, and... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 20:00 anime Chibi Maruko-chan #1426 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 18:30 anime Shangri-La Frontier #21 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 17:00 anime Captain Tsubasa: Junior Youth Arc #22 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 16:00 anime Ninja Kamui #4 [rate] ― news Panda Taisō Picture Books Get 3D Web Anime Shorts Mar 3, 15:15 anime First episode titled "Banana" launched on Saturday ― Satoshi Iriyama's Panda Taisō (Panda Gymnastics) picture books are being adapted into a 3D CG animation series titled Panda Narikiri Taisō (a mixing of the words "Panda Narikiritai" or "I Want to Completely Become a Panda" and "Panda Taisō" or "Panda Gymnastics"), with the first episode released on Saturday on YouTube. The first episode titled "Ban... news 29 comments Anime Producer Kouichirou Itou Faces New Accusations of Obscene Acts With a Minor for Money Mar 3, 12:58 29 comments people Itou was previously arrested for a separate charge for allegedly soliciting nude photos from a minor ― The below article contains references to child sexual assault. 52-year-old anime producer Kouichirou Itou, who was arrested in late February for allegedly soliciting a 15-year-old high school girl for nude photos, faces new accusations from Wakayama Prefectural Police. The authorities charged Itou o... news 1 comment The Idolm@ster Shiny Colors TV Anime Premieres April 5 Mar 3, 11:16 1 comment anime Anime screened in theaters as anime films between October to January ― The Idolm@ster Shiny Colors anime announced on Saturday the television premiere will be on April 5 with a new trailer. Before the television premiere, the 12-episode anime screened in theaters as three films. The first film ran in Japan from October 27 through November 16, and earned 40,284,350 yen (about US$268,100) in its openin... news 1 comment NHK Airs Gosho Aoyama Documentary on April 28 Mar 3, 11:11 1 comment people Professional Shigoto no Ryūgi Mangaka Gosho Aoyama SP ― Gosho Aoyama is the newest subject of NHK's Professional Shigoto no Ryūgi (style of professional work) documentary series. The episode will go behind-the-scenes with the manga artist and airs on NHK BS Premium 4K on April 28, as well as NHK General on May 2. The 72-minute episode follows Aoyama over the course of seven months from May 2023 and f... news 3 comments Cat Planet Cuties Light Novel Author Launches New Manga Mar 3, 10:15 3 comments manga Series features Japanese company iLand's mascot Aira ― Kadokawa announced on Tuesday that Asobi ni iku yo! light novel creator Okina Kamino and artist Yomiya Ririura have launched a new manga titled Demon Girls Guardians on the Newtype Comic website featuring the mascot character Aira of Japanese company iLand. The story follows an ordinary girl who is orphaned after the death of her parents, and the... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 10:00 anime One Piece #1096 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 09:30 anime Wonderful Precure! #5 [rate] ― daily briefs KessCo to Release One Piece, Digimon Tabletop Games Mar 3, 08:15 anime merch ― Los Angeles-based game company KessCo announced on Thursday that it has entered into a licensing deal with Toei Animation on the 25th anniversary of the One Piece and Digimon franchises. The company will release tabletop games based on both franchises as well as a collection of "outdoor spring/summer toys" between 2024 and 2025. The Egg Head Arc of the One Piece anime debuted on January 7. The new... news 3 comments Fate/Grand Order -Epic of Remnant- Ashu Tokuiten IV Kinki Kōrin Teien Salem: Itan Naru Salem Manga Starts Final Arc Mar 3, 06:15 3 comments manga Aoi Ohmori launched series based on game in January 2019 ― The April issue of Ichijinsha's Monthly Comic Rex magazine published the 58th chapter of Aoi Ohmori's Fate/Grand Order -Epic of Remnant- Ashu Tokuiten IV Kinki Kōrin Teien Salem: Itan Naru Salem (Fate/Grand Order -Epic of Remnant- Subspecies Singularity IV: Taboo Advent Salem: Salem of Heresy) manga on Tuesday, which signals the start of the ... ep. review 55 comments Brave Bang Bravern! ‒ Episode 8 Mar 3, 05:30 55 comments anime What if you had to make love to a giant sentient robot villainess to save your friends? game review 1 comment Ufouria: The Saga 2 Game Review Mar 3, 05:05 1 comment games Ufouria: The Saga 2 delivers a long-overdue comeback for a cult classic from the NES era, but can it live up to a legacy? ― Ufouria: The Saga 2 delivers a long-overdue comeback for a cult classic from the NES era, but can it live up to a legacy? The original Ufouria: The Saga was one that got away. Its North American release was canceled back in 1991, and even though the game made it out in Japan an... news 2 comments Mother of the Goddess' Dormitory's Ikumi Hino Launches New Manga Mar 3, 04:15 2 comments novels manga Manga launching on March 27 adapts Yukito Mukaihara's story ― The April issue of Kadokawa's Comic Rex magazine revealed on Tuesday that Ikumi Hino will launch a manga adaptation of Yukito Mukaihara's Kabeyaku nado Fuyō to Tsuihō Sareta S-kyū Bōkensha, Dorei Kaihō Skill o Kushi Shite Shijō Saikyō no Kunizukuri (An S-Rank Adventurer Tank is Kicked from the Party and Uses His Slave Release Skill to Buil... ep. review 30 comments Delicious in Dungeon ‒ Episode 9 Mar 3, 03:30 30 comments anime He doesn't place importance in weaponry, he places it in cookware. streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 03:30 anime Kingdom #8 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 03:00 anime The Strongest Tank's Labyrinth Raids #9 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 02:45 anime The Apothecary Diaries #21 [rate] ― news 1 comment Yagyu's Shinzo Tomi Launches New Manga Mar 3, 02:15 1 comment manga Manga based on short story by Shigurui's Norio Nanjo launches on March 27 ― The April issue of Bungeishunju's Comic Ran magazine revealed on Tuesday that Shinzo Tomi will launch a new manga titled Rendai o Katsugu Kenshi (A Palanquin-Carrying Swordsman) in the magazine's next issue on March 27. Late writer Norio Nanjo is credited for the original work. The short story "Rendai o Katsugu Kenshi" appear... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 02:00 anime Blue Exorcist: Shimane Illuminati Saga #9 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 02:00 anime The Dangers in My Heart #21 [rate] ― ep. review 106 comments Undead Unluck ‒ Episode 21 Mar 3, 01:30 106 comments anime Hundreds of years ago, Andy (who didn't even go by “Andy”, then) ran with a gang of vigilantes across the United States as they tried to clean up the chaos left behind in the wake of the Civil War. streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 01:30 anime Solo Leveling #8 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 01:00 anime Mashle: Magic and Muscles #20 [rate] ― streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 00:30 anime Bucchigiri?! #7 [rate] ― news Japanese Animation TV Ranking, February 19-25 Mar 3, 00:15 anime Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Entertainment District Arc compilation airing earns 7.2% ― The 2022 anime film Zannen na Ikimono Jiten aired on NHK Educational on Saturday, February 24 at 3:30 p.m. and it earned a 0.6% rating. The Shimajirō no Wow! Film Special aired on TV Tokyo on Friday, February 23 at 12:00 p.m. and it earned a 0.4% rating. Title Station Date Time Length Average Household Rating S... streaming now Watch & Rate Today's Episodes Mar 3, 00:00 anime Ragna Crimson #20 [rate] ― load more All material Copyright © Anime News Network LLC. All rights reserved. served by mayu-chan Report a Problem × News Convention reports Newsfeed Interest Press Releases Views Features Reviews Columns New Anime Your Score for Recent Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-ray Weekly Rankings Winter 2024 Preview Guide Daily Streaming Reviews Encyclopedia Forum My ANN Subscribe » My Anime My Manga Newsletter ANN:Connect About Our Team Contact us Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Advertise with ANN FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum