Sinclair, Inc A diversified media company menu Broadcast News Local News News Awards The National Desk Full Measure Investigative Stories TV Stations Networks Networks COMET CHARGE! TBD The Nest Tennis Channel Town Halls Connect to Congress Sports Tennis Channel Bally Sports Regional Networks Marquee Sports Network YES Network Marketing Services Marketing Services Sinclair National Sales Sinclair Media Networks Long Form Compulse CompulseOTT Drive Auto Free State Sinclair Sports Group Technology Dielectric Bitpath ONE Media CAST.ERA Next Gen Broadcast ATSC 3.0 Interactivity Subscriptions NFT Marketplace Free to Play Even More Content Apps NewsON Bally Sports+ Podcasts Newsletters Tennis.com Other Holdings Other Holdings Real Estate Venture & Private Equity Direct Investments Investor Relations Investor Day 2022 Profile SEC Filings Financial Reports Press Releases Analysts Events and Presentations Annual Meeting Stock Chart Dividend History Corporate Responsibility Our Commitment Environment Social Governance Corporate Governance Investor Resources Diamond Sports Group New & Noteworthy Press Releases Media Contact Information Who We Are Vision & Mission History Leadership Our Culture & Workplace Corporate Responsibility Diversity Scholarship Sinclair Cares Careers Join Sinclair Job Listings View All Jobs Tennis Channel Dielectric Compulse Marquee Sports Network Bally Sports Contact Us Contact Us Media Contact Information Top Return Return to Our World Return to Our World enter our world EXPLORE LATEST HEADLINES 03.04.2024 Sinclair and Reading Is Fundamental Launch Sinclair Cares: Supporting… 02.29.2024 ELECTRICNOW COLLABORATES WITH SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP's COMET NETWORK TO… 02.28.2024 Sinclair Declares $0.25 Per Share Quarterly Cash Dividend 02.28.2024 Sinclair Reports Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results 02.27.2024 Sinclair Names Jim Doty Vice President and General Manager of WCYB and WEMT,… 02.20.2024 The Nest Secures Nationwide Distribution Gains; Adds 35 TEGNA Stations 02.08.2024 Comet, CHARGE! and TBD. Deliver Highest Viewership in Networks’ History 02.06.2024 Sinclair and Futuri Announce Strategic Partnership to Innovate Television Sales… 02.01.2024 Sinclair Broadcast Group Names Amy Calvert Vice President/General Manager of… 01.31.2024 Sinclair Broadcast Group Names Jennifer Hansen Vice President/General Manager of… 01.31.2024 Sinclair to Report Fourth Quarter 2023 Results on February 28, 2024 at 4:00 P.M.… 01.22.2024 Sinclair Broadcast Group Names Diana Wilkin Vice President/General Manager of… visit our world Please visit our website on a larger screen to enter our interactive world. Investor Relations What We Do As a leading broadcast television company, our primary business is to engage consumers on multiple platforms with relevant and compelling news, entertainment and sports content, and to provide advertisers and businesses efficient means and value to connect with our mass audiences. We recognize the vital role broadcast television plays in branding and local content delivery, and therefore strive to constantly be at the forefront of leading edge technology and structures to advance the industry. about sinclair We believe in serving the communities where we live and work through meaningful connections, trusted reporting, and principled journalism.​ View More NewsON is the nation’s largest aggregator of local news content. Visit Website The National Desk (TND) provides viewers with real-time national news and regional stories. View More Full Measure is an award-winning, weekly national news program, focused on investigative, original, and accountability reporting. Visit Website With Tennis Channel and its related properties, Sinclair is the leader in courtside coverage and the ONLY multiplatform 24/7 destination dedicated to both the professional sport and tennis lifestyle. View More Tennis.com Tennis.com is the largest digital outlet dedicated to the sport. Visit Website The Bally Sports RSNs serve as the TV home to more than half of all MLB, NHL and NBA teams in the US, and produce over 4,500 live local professional telecasts each year, in addition to a wide variety of locally produced sports events and programs. View More Marquee Sports Network brings together one of the most iconic sports franchises in the country with one of the largest television broadcasting companies to deliver unparalleled Cubs coverage. View More Comet is the ONLY broadcast network for sci-fi fans. Programming includes Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The X-Files, SG-1, Outer Limits and Farscape. Visit Website CHARGE! is an action and adventure broadcast network featuring CSI: Miami, CSI: NY, CHiPs, Knight Rider and Magnum PI. Visit Website TBD is the first multiscreen TV network to bring premium internet-first content to TV homes across America. Visit Website Launched in 2023, The Nest is Sinclair’s newest free over-the-air national TV network. The Nest is a gathering place for comfort food TV, comprised of reality series and celebrity-driven family shows. Visit Website Compulse is a marketing technology and managed services company built for local media and agencies. View More Drive Auto is the automotive marketing division of Sinclair, offering advertising tools, technology, and expert marketing guidance for auto dealers of all sizes. Visit Website Free State Free State’s mission is to provide the federal government, along with state and local agencies, a full suite of targeted digital marketing and advertising solutions to help government agencies communicate with the American public effectively and efficiently. Visit Website Long Form Sinclair Broadcast Group’s Long Form Sales Division is designed to provide a one-stop solution to paid programming across all Sinclair television stations. View More National Sales Sinclair National Sales provides advertisers the unique ability to reach viewers and potential customers on a single market, multiple market, and regional basis. View More Sinclair Media Networks Sinclair Media Networks (SMN) is the division of Sinclair that reaches the company’s entire broadcast audience across its national footprint. View More Dielectric is a designer and manufacturer of broadcast systems including all components from transmitter output to antenna. Visit Website NEXTGEN Broadcast, also known as ATSC 3.0, offers innovative new features to enhance and expand your broadcast viewing experience. View More ONE Media Technologies is developing, building, and deploying the “Next Generation Broadcast Platform” that enables broadcasters to reimagine use of their television channels. Visit Website Newsletters Sinclair’s owned/operated stations offer newsletters to provide breaking news and additional content from the community. View More Podcasts Through podcasts, Sinclair continues to evolve the art of reporting and storytelling to engage with audiences worldwide: from sports, to entertainment, to news and true crime. View More Sinclair Cares utilizes the strength of Sinclair’s properties to uplift organizations and inspire audiences and employees to make a positive impact in their communities. Visit Website DRAG More Close Sinclair, Inc. (Nasdaq: SBGI) is a diversified media company and a leading provider of local news and sports. The Company owns, operates and/or provides services to 185 television stations in 86 markets affiliated with all the major broadcast networks; owns Tennis Channel and multicast networks Comet, CHARGE!, TBD and The Nest; and owns and provides services to 21 regional sports network brands. Sinclair’s content is delivered via multiple platforms, including over-the-air, multi-channel video program distributors, and the nation’s largest streaming aggregator of local news content, NewsON. Sinclair, through its venture subsidiary, makes equity investments in strategic companies. Sinclair, Inc. was founded in 1986, went public in 1995 and is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol SBGI. we are sinclair Join our team! We believe Sinclair’s people are our most important asset. Our teams make the critical difference in how we perform and their skills, talents and determination separate us from our competitors. We also believe people can achieve their full potential when they enjoy their work, so it is our priority to provide a workplace where professional growth, success and advancement go hand-in-hand. We are an employer of choice in the broadcast industry. We believe our employees’ knowledge, dedication, and ingenuity may lead us to newer heights. We attempt to empower and, through our investment and employees’ dedication, break through the barriers to success and continue to build upon our already celebrated tradition. Become a part of our family today. Learn More Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2024 Sinclair, Inc. All rights reserved. Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility