Health: Trusted and Empathetic Health and Wellness Information ​ Skip to content Health Search the site GO Please fill out this field. Newsletters Search Please fill out this field. News Conditions A - Z Conditions A - Z Anxiety Coronavirus Type 2 Diabetes Headaches and Migraines Heart Disease View All Nutrition Wellness Wellness Mental Health Fitness Skincare Sexual Health View All What to Buy What to Buy News & Deals Meal Kits Oral & Dental Care Skincare Products Therapy Subscriptions View All About Us About Us Editorial Process Medical Expert Board Anti-Racism Pledge Testing and Vetting Products Read More Stay informed with emails from us Search the site GO Please fill out this field. Newsletter Sign Up News Conditions A - Z Anxiety Coronavirus Type 2 Diabetes Headaches and Migraines Heart Disease View All Nutrition Wellness Mental Health Fitness Skincare Sexual Health What to Buy News & Deals Meal Kits Oral & Dental Care Skincare Products Therapy Subscriptions View All About Us Editorial Process Medical Expert Board Anti-Racism Pledge Testing and Vetting Products 40+ Years Health Expertise 120M People Reached Annually 100+ Medical Experts Many Americans Are Unaware of These Modifiable Risk Factors for Colon Cancer, Survey Shows Latest Health News Many Americans Are Unaware of These Modifiable Risk Factors for Colon Cancer, Survey Shows Trader Joe’s Recalls Popular Chicken Soup Dumplings Over Contamination With Hard Plastic Protein or Carbs: Which Makes the Best Pre-Workout Snack? What Is VEXAS Syndrome? The Real Voices Series What I Wish I Knew About Multiple Sclerosis Trending Health Topics Magnesium Glycinate Healthiest Seeds Best Protein Powders Explore Conditions See All Health Conditions Alzheimer's Breast Cancer Digestive Disorders Depression Heart Disease Kidney Disease Lung Cancer Migraines Psoriasis Rheumatoid Arthritis Skin Conditions Type 1 Diabetes Type 2 Diabetes Ulcerative Colitis See All Health Conditions Signs and Symptoms of Hypoglycemia What Are Kidney Stones? How Is Psoriasis Treated? Our Team Health’s team of medical experts, writers, and editors are committed to ensuring our content is evidence-based, up-to-date, and comprehensive. Medical Expert Board Renita White, MD OBGYN Kashif J. Piracha, MD Internist, Hospital Medicine, Nephrology Expert Writers Cynthia Sass, MPH, RD Nutritionist and Registered Dietitian Jenneh Rishe Registered Nurse and Chronic Illness Advocate Experienced Editors Jordan Davidson Editorial Director, Health Amber Brenza, CPT Associate Editorial Director, News Healthcare is a team sport in which patients and healthcare providers fight against the disease together. We need that bond to be as strong as possible. Kashif J. Piracha, MD Internal Medicine, Medical Expert Board Member When seeking care, don't be afraid to ask questions and ask for re-clarification if necessary. Knowledge is power, so the more you understand your health, the more you can advocate for yourself. Renita White, MD OBGYN, Medical Expert Board Member It's incredibly rewarding to create content that helps readers learn about nutrition and enjoy healthier lives. Cynthia Sass, MPH, RD Nutritionist & Registered Dietician, Expert Writer The internet abounds with health content, and I aim to bring thoughtful and accessible information on health and wellness to all readers. Amber Brenza, CPT Associate Editorial Director, News Our Integrity Promise Health’s editorial process follows these key steps to create accurate health content you can trust. Written and edited by health experts and journalists Backed by science-based evidence and research Medically reviewed by board-certified healthcare providers Updated to reflect the latest health and wellness information Learn about our process Eat Well See All Nutrition The Healthiest Types of Bread to Try Health Benefits of Parsnips 25 High-Fiber Breakfasts to Try for Good Gut Health 10 Foods That Can Help You Reduce Your Stress Move Your Body See All Fitness Health Benefits of Badminton The 8 Best Exercise Trampolines of 2024, Tested and Reviewed Why Are You Not Losing Weight? Relieve Anxiety See All Mental Health Research-Backed Exercises That May Help Reduce Anxiety Should You Try Acupuncture for Anxiety? What Is Social Anxiety Disorder? 9 Things To Do if You're Having a Panic Attack Join our 11.5 million social followers Get the latest health & wellness news daily right to your inbox. Newsletter Subscriptions Eat Well The Daily 3 SIGN UP Thanks for Signing Up! Continue Reading View our Privacy Policy March Picks March is Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, Here's How To Make Your Colonoscopy Prep a Bit Easier Flowers Are In Bloom: Here's The Best Time to Take Allergy Medication The 12 Best Teeth Whiteners to Tackle Tough Stains Here's How to Get the Sleep Amount—and Quality—You Need, Even When Daylight Savings Time Starts The 14 Best Sandals for Plantar Fasciitis, Tested and Reviewed If You're Going On Spring Break, Here Are 3 Ways To Prevent and Relieve Travel Constipation We Recommend Food Awards 2023: Top Supermarket Picks And Meal Kits of the Year Innovative Hospital Awards 2024 Sleep Awards 2023: The Top 36 Products For Better Sleep Oral Care Awards 2023: The Top 17 Products for Optimal Dental Hygiene Health Newsletters Follow Us News Conditions A-Z Nutrition Wellness About Us Medical Expert Board Editorial Process Anti-Racism Pledge Privacy Policy Product Vetting Terms of Service Careers Advertise Contact Health's content is for informational and educational purposes only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Health is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service. Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up