Climate Home News About us Mission, vision and values The team Advisory board Supporters Anonymous sources policy Contact us Write for us Partner with us Make a complaint Menu Home News Comment Sponsored Newsletters Clean Energy Frontier Home News Comment Sponsored Newsletters Clean Energy Frontier Latest climate change news Germany uses funding to pressure climate groups on Israel-Gaza war 4 March 2024 News Many Global South climate groups are funded by the German government, a political ally of Israel, and feel unable to criticise Israel’s military action in Gaza News Global energy-related CO2 emissions hit record high in 2023 – IEA 1 March 2024 News Global emissions from energy rose by 410 million tonnes, or 1.1%, in 2023 to 37.4 billion tonnes, hitting a record hight News Aid watchdog questions UK’s climate finance accounting 29 February 2024 News Britain has changed how it calculates its international climate aid, boosting its progress towards a 2026 goal without providing additional money for vulnerable countries, a review finds News Nations fail to agree ban or research on solar geoengineering 29 February 2024 News At talks in Nairobi, governments could not find consensus on new global governance for SRM, including proposals for “non-use” and a UN expert panel Comment When governments fund fossil fuels, it’s time to take them to court 28 February 2024 Comment A new wave of climate litigation is targeting state institutions that are still providing public finance for fossil fuels, despite pledges to turn off the funding tap Analysis Clean, cheap or fair – which countries should pump the last oil and gas? 26 February 2024 Analysis The world will need oil and gas for a few decades more – and the debate is heating up over who should get to produce and sell it Revealed: UK civil servants’ secret doubts over climate techno-fixes 22 February 2024 News The government is relying on special cow food and green plane fuel to cut emissions – but officials warn some solutions may fall short Despite Cop28 pledge, France keeps fossil fuel subsidies for farmers 21 February 2024 News France has abandoned plans to phase out tax breaks on agricultural diesel in efforts to appease its increasingly disgruntled farmers Latest news Become a CHN sponsor Become a CHN sponsor Sponsored content How to weather the offshore wind storm 12 January 2024 As climate disasters grow, early warning systems become essential 8 December 2023 The subtle art of scaling up climate adaptation 20 November 2023 Climate Week NYC: Clean technologies are racing to the future 19 September 2023 How can we create the net zero buildings of tomorrow? 11 September 2023 Most popular Germany uses funding to pressure climate groups on Israel-Gaza war 1.9k views Nations fail to agree ban or research on solar geoengineering 1.3k views When governments fund fossil fuels, it’s time to take them to court 1.3k views Clean, cheap or fair – which countries should pump the last oil and gas? 1k views Global energy-related CO2 emissions hit record high in 2023 – IEA 841 views Tweets by @ClimateHome Comment The all-male Cop29 committee is a big step backwards for climate 19 January 2024 Azerbaijan appointed 28 men and zero women to a key group tasked with organising the upcoming climate summit in the country Adaptation playbook is the true test of Cop28 for world’s vulnerable 10 December 2023 While most attention is on fossil fuels, the US is blocking progress on an adaptation playbook, a matter of life or death for many Africans Dutch initiative must turn the tables on fossil fuel subsidy reform 9 December 2023 We’ve had enough “transparency” and “dialogue” around fossil fuel subsidy reform. It’s time to change the defaults To land fossil phase-out deal, rich nations must add fairness 8 December 2023 Differentiated targets and financial support for the global south are critical to overcoming opposition to a fossil fuel phase-out at Cop28 Don’t be fooled: CCS is no solution to oil and gas emissions 4 December 2023 The oil and gas industry wants you to believe it can capture its emissions and keep drilling as usual. That’s no way to avert climate chaos Avoid our mistake: Don’t let World Bank host loss and damage fund 3 November 2023 At the Global Partnership for Education, we paid a high price to be hosted by the World Bank. A loss and damage fund should be independent To triple renewable energy, the Global South needs finance 30 October 2023 A renewable energy target will be debated at Cop28 but financial reforms are needed for the Global South outside China to meet that target The EU is about to revive a failed climate solution 23 October 2023 The EU once led the world in combatting flawed forest offset schemes. Now it’s looking to give them a new lease of life. Comment Section × The climate crisis - and how we confront it - is THE story of our lifetimes. At Climate Home News, we believe journalism can make a difference. Our mission is to produce original reporting that informs, engages and inspires action. This takes time and expertise. Support our work today with a donation or by subscribing to our daily newsletter for exclusive extra content. Subscribe About us Contact us © 2024 Climate Home News Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy policyclick here Want our celebrated digest of weekly news straight to your inbox? Sign up to Climate Weekly, plus you'll get breaking news, investigations and bulletins from key events. Newsletter Signup Subscribe or I'm signed up Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Climate Weekly Get the latest news, analysis and comment on the international politics of the climate crisis delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our newsletter