Ideas | Time TIME logo Sign In My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Subscribe Subscribe Sign Up for Our Ideas Newsletter Close My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Sections Home U.S. Politics World Health Climate Future of Work by Charter Business Tech Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine TIME 2030 Next Generation Leaders TIME100 Leadership Series TIME Studios Video TIME100 Talks TIMEPieces The TIME Vault TIME for Health TIME for Kids TIME Edge TIME CO2 Red Border: Branded Content by TIME Coupons Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Join Us Newsletters Subscribe Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store TIME Cover Store Customer Care US & Canada Global Help Center Reach Out Careers Press Room Contact the Editors Media Kit Reprints and Permissions More About Us Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement Site Map Connect with Us Ideas American AI Regulation By Paul Scharre and Vivek Chilukuri The 18th Century's Donald Trump By Shira Lurie / Made by History The Problem With Our Need to Achieve By Samuel T. Wilkinson How K-Pop Helped Me Connect With My Daughter By Cristina Henríquez More in Ideas The New Age of Naval Power Naval power is back as a central feature of international affairs, from the Black Sea to the Red Sea, South China Sea, and Strait of Taiwan. By Alessio Patalano March 5, 2024 Supreme Court Rules on Trump Ballot Case The Supreme Court's confused ruling on the Trump disqualification case raises more questions about partisanship. By Aziz Huq March 4, 2024 Disinformation Is Tearing America Apart America is undergoing a devastating erosion of trust that threatens the foundations of democracy. By Barbara McQuade March 4, 2024 Disney Has Been 'Woke' Before—And Right Disney's films about animals and nature helped spark the environmental movement—despite post-'Bambi' backlash. By Charles Dorn / Made by History March 4, 2024 China's Economic Slump Is Here to Stay Growth rates are flagging as an unsustainable mountain of debt piles up that cannot realistically be repaid. By James H. Nolt March 4, 2024 What a Mughal Princess Can Teach Us About Feminist History "Feminist history is a slow process, and too often, women historians are the only ones willing to do that work," writes Ruby Lal. By Ruby Lal March 4, 2024 Israel Must Not Reject the Biden Plan The Biden Administration's plan is the strongest chance for Israel to resolve the Gaza conflict and find a sustainable peace. By Nimrod Novik March 4, 2024 How Online Adoption Ads Prey on Pregnant People "It’s difficult to overstate how captivated many mothers are by the adoptive family profiles they find online," writes Gretchen Sisson. By Gretchen Sisson March 2, 2024 Do the Right Thing, America We Ukrainians have spent two years courageously defending ourselves against Russian aggression. America must not be tempted to abandon us. By Illia Ponomarenko March 2, 2024 How We Interviewed North Koreans Working in China Behind the scenes of an investigation into North Koreans working in China seafood plant. By Ian Urbina March 1, 2024 Bibi Must Do a Deal to Free Hostages Like My Uncle Keith Siegel is one of the 136 Hamas hostages who would walk free if only Netanyahu agreed to a ceasefire, write his niece Hanna. By Hanna Siegel March 1, 2024 No Recession? Thank Women Work from home flexibility has meant more women are working and that may be the reason the U.S. hasn't had a recession. By Joanne Lipman March 1, 2024 Ethical AI Isn't to Blame for Google's Gemini Debacle Ethical AI isn't the reason for Google's Gemini failure. Here's how AI companies can do better. By Margaret Mitchell February 29, 2024 The Kremlin and Navalny's Funeral In a repressive Russia, funerals have long been a forum for expressing discontent with the regime. By Ani Kokobobo / Made by History February 29, 2024 In Rafah, We Fear Israel's Endgame As we await our fate and wonder if Israel forces us to flee yet again, our only hope is that President Biden gets the courage to impose a ceasefire. By Abdallah Al-Haddad February 29, 2024 The Need for More Black Midwives Understanding the origin of this disparity is key to addressing the shortage of midwives of color and making the profession more diverse. By Anika Nayak / Made by History February 29, 2024 More from TIME More From TIME TIME logo Home U.S. Politics World Health Business Tech Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Future of Work by Charter Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine The TIME Vault TIME For Kids TIME CO2 Coupons TIME Edge Video Masthead Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Benefits Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store Careers Modern Slavery Statement Press Room TIME Studios U.S. & Canada Customer Care Global Help Center Contact the Editors Reprints and Permissions Site Map Media Kit Supplied Partner Content About Us © 2024 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (Your Privacy Rights) and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.