Online Wallet for Money Transfers & Online Payments | Skrill Skip to main content Business Choose your language English Deutsch Français Español Italiano Polski Ελληνικά Русский 中文 Český USA - Español USA - English India - English Português HelpLog inMy AccountRegister Menu Send Transfer money International money transfers Receive Money Fees How to send money Spend Pay online Bet online Forex Game online Fees How to pay Crypto Buy and sell crypto How to buy crypto Crypto withdrawals Fees Live rates Crypto guide The Skrill Crypto Academy Loyalty Skrill Knect Account levels VIP programme Affiliates News Exclusive offers Get great deals from your favourite sites. Register now Get it on Google PlayDownload on the App Store Business Choose your language English Deutsch Français Español Italiano Polski Ελληνικά Русский 中文 Český USA - Español USA - English India - English Português Help Make your money move Pay online, send money and earn loyalty points with a digital wallet used by millions. Sign up nowLearn more What our customers think Trustpilot Pay online Make payments without sharing your bank details. Learn more Send money Send to a bank account or another Skrill customer. Learn more Receive money Receive money from all over the world via bank transfer, email or phone number. Learn more Loyalty rewards Use your Skrill wallet to unlock VIP benefits and earn Knect points on every transaction. Learn more Send money rates Close The online wallet for money movers and makers Skrill has been helping to make it, send it and spend it for millions of customers since 2001. So wherever you are and whatever you want to do with your money, just skrill it. Open a Skrill account Download the app Access your money no matter when, no matter where. Our fast and secure app lets you move your account balance 24/7, worldwide. Get it on Google PlayDownload on the App Store Knect: The Skrill loyalty programme Make connections, collect points and be rewarded. Nearly all transactions will earn you points. Once you have enough, exchange them for cash rewards, bonuses and more. Join Knect Fees Support Terms & conditions Comprehensive Privacy Notice PSD2 APIs Modern slavery act transparency statement Portal for Law Enforcement Authorities Cookies notice Cookie Settings Facebook Instagram Twitter Get it on Google PlayDownload on the App Store Copyright © 2024 Paysafe Holdings UK Limited. All rights reserved. Skrill Limited (FRN: 900001) is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 for the issuing of electronic money and payment instruments. Skrill is a registered trademark of Skrill Limited. Paysafe Financial Services Limited (FRN: 900015) is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 for the issuing of electronic money and payment instruments. Skrill Limited is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority as a cryptoasset firm under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017.