Home Assistant Getting started Documentation Installation Configuration Automation Scripting Dashboards Voice assistant Integrations Examples Blog Need help? Awaken your home Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first. Powered by a worldwide community of tinkerers and DIY enthusiasts. Perfect to run on a Raspberry Pi or a local server. Get started View demo Browse 2700+ integrations Current Version: 2024.2.5 Released: February 27, 2024 Release notes Recent Blog Posts A Home-Approved Dashboard chapter 1: Drag-and-drop, Sections view, and a new grid system design! March 4, 2024 Raspberry Pi 5 support and more in Home Assistant OS release 12 & Supervisor update February 26, 2024 What about Grace? Tune in to our special livestream next week! February 22, 2024 On device wake word on ESP32-S3 is here - Voice: Chapter 6 February 21, 2024 Join The Community We love to help with & talk about home automation. Forums Chat Newsletter Read our founder's vision for the perfect home automation Alexa, turn on the lights Use Alexa to control Home Assistant. LEARN MORE Ok Google, turn on the AC Use Google Assistant to control Home Assistant. LEARN MORE Take over all the screens Home Assistant Cast makes every TV a display. Control your home with Assist Our private, insanely fast, voice assistant running on affordable hardware. Now supporting wake words. Home Assistant Green The easy-to-use, versatile, and trustworthy smart home hub for everyone. Home Assistant Yellow Home Assistant Yellow is your Matter-ready, upgradeable, and extendable smart home hub. You won't need anything else. Home Assistant SkyConnect Best way to add Zigbee and Thread to Home Assistant Home Energy Management Monitor your energy usage, transition to sustainable energy and save money Home Assistant Tags Use NFC to bring music to your life or automate the mundane. Join the Home Assistant t-shirt revolution! Look sharp in blue, black or gray. Wearing a HA t-shirt is okay. Features Works with over 1000 brands Home Assistant integrates with over a thousand different devices and services. Once started, Home Assistant will automatically scan your network for known devices and allow you to easily set them up. EXPLORE INTEGRATIONS Powerful automations Once you have integrated all your devices at home, you can unleash Home Assistant’s advanced automation engine to make your home work for you. Turn on the light when the sun sets or when coming home Alert you when you leave your garage door open. EXPLORE AUTOMATIONS Extend your system with add-ons Home Assistant is not just limited to Home Assistant. Easily install other applications that will help you manage your home. Run AdGuard, a DNS-based ad blocker Run third party automation engines like NodeRed Turn Home Assistant into a Spotify Connect target EXPLORE ADD-ONS All your smart home data stays local Home Assistant keeps your data local, no need for a cloud. Home Assistant communicates with your devices locally, and will fallback to pulling in data from the cloud if there is no other option. No data is stored in the cloud, and everything is processed locally. Companion Mobile Apps Use the official Home Assistant apps, a convenient companion to quickly control your devices and be notified when things happen in your home, even on your wrist using the Apple Watch. The apps can also be used to send your location home to use presence detection as part of your automations. Data is sent directly to your home, no access by third-parties. DOWNLOAD APPS Home Energy Management Home Assistant allows you to get on top of your energy use with its home energy management feature. Gain new insights, optimize your solar panel production, plan energy usage and save money. LEARN MORE Home Assistant is sponsored by Home Assistant in the press Home Assistant Alerts Developers Data Science Community Forum Contact (no support!) Security Vulnerabilities Privacy System Status Website powered by Jekyll and the Oscailte theme.