Owl Labs - Leading the Way in Smart Video Conferencing Technology Spend less and better hybrid meetings? That’s the dream. >> 10%+ off Owl Bar & Bundles Shop Industry Resources Nest Login Join a Live Demo Experience the future of hybrid collaboration Owl Labs is the smart device ecosystem for fully immersive hybrid meetings. Shop All Products The next best thing to being together Remote In Room View Owl Bar Front-of-room camera, mic, and speaker Meeting Owl 3 Center-of-room camera, mic, and speaker AI-powered engagement for every participant Together, our smart cameras capture every angle, participant, and sound for naturally dynamic discussions. Intelligently alternates between cameras for best view of participants Detects and zooms in on active speaker for face-to-face experience Modulates volume so everyone in the room sounds loud and clear Effortlessly improves features and capabilities with routine upgrades A suite of smart devices ready to work for your team Shop All Products 360° Reimagined Meeting Owl 3 + Owl Bar Our essential duo for immersive, productive meetings in any space. $2,699 See Details Add to Cart Best Seller Meeting Owl 3 Center-of-room camera zooms in on speakers’ faces for a face-to-face view. $1,049 See Details Add to Cart Works with: Meeting Owl 3 Owl Bar Whiteboard Owl Give remote participants a clear view of the whiteboard. $599 See Details Add to Cart Works with: Meeting Owl 3 Expansion Mic Hear everyone loud and clear, even at longer tables. $249 See Details Add to Cart Best Seller Meeting Owl 3 Center-of-room camera zooms in on speakers’ faces for a face-to-face view. $1,049 See Details Add to Cart Works with: Meeting Owl 3 Owl Bar Whiteboard Owl Give remote participants a clear view of the whiteboard. $599 See Details Add to Cart Works with: Meeting Owl 3 Expansion Mic Hear everyone loud and clear, even at longer tables. $249 See Details Add to Cart Seamless, scalable solutions for every space See All Room Solutions Build your own Owl Labs solution Room Size: Medium (up to 9 participants) Your recommended bundle In rooms where people are facing the screen and each other, the Meeting Owl 3 and Owl Bar team up to make sure everyone's faces are always visible, so remote participants don't miss a thing. Explore All Medium Room Solutions Meeting Owl 3 $1,049 Owl Bar $1,999 $2,699 Save $349 Buy Solution See Owl Labs solutions in action up to 5 participants Small Room Explore Solutions up to 9 participants Medium Room Explore Solutions up to 13 participants Large Room Explore Solutions Get the latest workplace insights Our 2023 State of Hybrid Work Report has new data and findings on how workers across the globe feel about remote, in-office, and hybrid work. View Report Create new possibility in every kind of workplace Business Education Healthcare Legal There’s no weird software required, and there are no remote controls that go missing. Rory Sutherland, Vice Chairman, Ogilvy See how businesses engage The setup process was so simple, I didn’t even have to call Owl Labs’ customer support team. Dr. Loni Abbas, Assistant VP for Information Technology Services and Chief Information Officer, Wartburg College See how real classrooms engage All of our healthcare is now done over video. Amy May, Clinical Director, North Central Missouri Mental Health Center See how hospitals engage The Meeting Owl makes sure nothing is left out of conversations — everyone is seen and heard. Keith Norton, Systems Administrator, Sterling Lawyers See how law firms collaborate Hoots and Hollers Purchase from our partners We’ll help you find a local reseller who can find the right solutions for your business. Find Resellers STAY CONNECTED ON ALL THINGS COLLABORATION Company About Press Careers Help & FAQ Meeting Owl App Resellers Become a Reseller Find a Reseller Contact Us Sales Contact Us Support Contact Us Press press@owllabs.com Security Security Hub United States (English)Canada (English)UK (English)Europe (English)L'Europe (Française)Europa (Deutsch)Europa (Nederlands)Australia (English) © 2024 Owl Labs Privacy Policy Terms of Service