Joinup Skip to main content Interoperable EuropeInteroperability SolutionsSupport CentreSign in Get started Create an account As a signed-in user you can create content, become a member of a community, receive notifications on your favourite solutions and topics, and access all other features available on the platform.Toggle menu Home Interoperable Europe Interoperability Solutions Support Centre Sign in About us Toggle search boxSearch Search Search Need more search options? Use our advanced search welcomes Discover more ... Browse by Main Topics Read more about Semantics Semantics Semantic interoperability enables systems and services to exchange and interpret data meaningfully. Read more about Open Source Software Open Source Software Open source software enables users to use, study, redistribute, and modify software freely. Read more about Observatories Observatories Observatories are monitoring tools designed to gather information on the state of play of digital public administration and interoperability activities. Read more about Digital-ready policymaking Digital-ready policymaking Digital-ready policymaking considers digital aspects from start to finish to create policies that are future-proof and interoperable. Read more about Tools Tools Tools and specifications for achieving interoperability in the EU public sector improve coordination, data sharing, and decision-making across sectors. Read more about Reusable Software Components Reusable Software Components Reusable software components improve efficiency, reduce costs, and facilitate interoperability in digital public services. Read more about Smart cities Smart cities Smart cities can contribute to achieving the EC's Digital Decade objectives, promoting sustainability and innovation in the public sector. Read more about Digital innovation Digital innovation The Innovation topic discusses how governments are using AI, Blockchain, and GovTech to enhance operations and serve citizens better. In the spotlight Last update: 26/02/2024Collection and solution pages highlight important information The latest Joinup release has introduced a key modification in collections and solutions: the merging of the Overview and About pages into a single, optimised page.How did it work before?The Overview page contained a short description of the collection/solution, as well as the different content items under that community. The About page showcased the description of the collection/solution and, additionally, included the owner’s contact information.What are the benefits now?With the new unified Overview page, users can quickly identify the most important information, thanks to:The abstract text… Collaboration 4 News Last update: 22/02/2024Introduction to AI for Public Service Interoperability As AI models continue to enhance their ability to link data seamlessly and extract semantic connections, the importance of leveraging AI to support interoperability becomes increasingly evident.SEMIC and EU Academy are thrilled to announce the release of their latest learning material: "Introduction to AI for Public Service Interoperability." This comprehensive course is designed to equip participants with the fundamental knowledge and practical skills required to navigate the intricate realm of AI within interoperable public services. Delving into the core concepts of Artificial Intelligence… Content and knowledge management 3 News Last update: 26/02/2024EUSurvey covers all your survey life cycle needs EUSurvey is the flexible and widely accessible solution for:collecting the opinions of stakeholders on a specific issue;rapidly consulting businesses, citizens or other interested parties;conducting user satisfaction surveys;preparing conference registrations;creating multi-lingual surveys;publishing results over the web.It covers all steps of a survey life cycle, from the design to the launch of the survey to the analysis and publication of results. It offers different types of questions, from simple text and multiple-choice questions to spreadsheet questions or multi-media survey elements… CollaborationeParticipation and eVoting 1 News Highlighted content Related content 11-04-2024 Physical eventInteroperable Europe Academy 2024This event, co-organised by the European Commission and the University of KU Leuven, is a unique opportunity for public servants, policymakers, and students to deepen their understanding of the…Science and technology 3 Event Latest news More news Last update: 05/03/2024CommuniCity organises 100 pilots in cities around Europe CommuniCity is a transformative citizen-centred project funded by the European Commission under the Horizon Europe Programme. This initiative is aimed at enhancing community connectivity and fostering open innovation across member states. It seeks to support projects that leverage technology and collaborative efforts to solve communal challenges, improve local infrastructure, and enhance the quality of life for citizens.CommuniCity encourages applications from public sector bodies, NGOs, technology firms, and research institutions, all working together to create scalable, sustainable solutions… Smart citiesICTDigital innovation 0 News Last update: 05/03/2024Call for Tenders: Develop an innovative circular economy solution The CircularPSP initiative, funded by the European Union's Horizon Europe, has officially opened its calls. This initiative is aimed at advancing the circular economy through innovative pre-commercial procurement processes. This forward-thinking program seeks to bridge the gap between research and market-ready solutions, encouraging public and private sector collaboration to develop sustainable, circular technologies and services. The CircularPSP call is part of the EU's strategy to achieve a climate-neutral, resource-efficient economy, addressing critical areas such as waste reduction… Artificial intelligenceDigital innovation 0 News Last update: 05/03/2024Upcoming Events March 2024 The Semantic Interoperability Community (SEMIC) organises several workshops and webinars on various topics impacted by interoperability challenges in 2024. Are you curious about the planning for the coming month? You can check out the upcoming events on the SEMIC Support Centre.Over the course of the month March, SEMIC will organise two webinars on related, yet distinct topics: GeoDCAT-AP and MLDCAT-AP. The first webinar, taking place on the 12th of March between 10:00 and 12:00 CET, tackles the interesting topic of geospatial datasets, dataset series and services bundled within GeoDCAT-AP. It… Semantics 0 News Highlighted event More events FOSS Backstage 2024 04/03 to 05/04/2024 Read more about ~ ' ' ~ FOSS Backstage 2024 Explore Collections Solutions News Events See more collections Science for Innovations in Public Governance We provide evidence-based policy advice, technical expertise, and capacity-building support to policymakers and stakeholders across the European Union, seeking to foster a culture of innovation, experimentation, and co… 14/06/2023 Read more about Science for Innovations in Public Governance EUIBA Emerging Technologies A collection of projects, documents and events related to emerging technology (ET) initiatives (on AI, blockchain, RPA, extended reality, etc.) within various EUIBA (European Union Institutions, Bodies and Agencies). A… 12/05/2023 Read more about EUIBA Emerging Technologies The European Commission Digital Innovation… The Digital Innovation framework facilitates and fosters the Digital Innovation in the Commission, mainly through:Identification, assessment, and exploration of technological areas with innovation potential, processes… 24/04/2023 Read more about The European Commission Digital Innovation Framework GovTech Connect What is GovTech Connect?GovTech Connect is a is a multi-year, cross-border project, created under DG CONNECT of the European Commission, that entails a variety of initiatives convening and mobilising the GovTech… 16/02/2023 Read more about GovTech Connect GR digiGOV-innoHUB - The Greek EDIH for… The Greek Digital Government and Public Services Innovation Hub – GR digiGOV-innoHUB supports the development of a new generation of public services based on advanced digital technologies (AI, ML, IoT, Blockchain, HPC)… 07/02/2023 Read more about GR digiGOV-innoHUB - The Greek EDIH for Public Services EC Open Source Programme Office The European Commission Open Source Programme Office (EC OSPO) was created in 2020 as the first concrete action of the latest Open Source Software Strategy for 2020-2023. It acts as a facilitator for activities outlined… 17/01/2022 Read more about EC Open Source Programme Office FOSSEPS - Free and Open Source Software… As the use of open source across European institutions and European public services increases, so does the need to manage and protect open source and treat it as a collective, shared and valuable European asset. It makes… 08/12/2021 Read more about FOSSEPS - Free and Open Source Software Solutions for European Public Services Interoperable Europe Interoperable Europe is the initiative of the European Commission for a reinforced interoperability policy in the public sector. 18/10/2021 Read more about Interoperable Europe ENDORSE exchange platform Welcome to the exchange platform Knowledge sharing in organisations is a significant challenge in present-day societies. While it is directly related to the production, dissemination and reuse of fast-growing volumes of… 26/03/2021 Read more about ENDORSE exchange platform Mutual Learning Platform on Data Protection… The PANELFIT Platform for Mutual Learning is an interactive tool aimed at promoting cooperation and support between researchers and innovators working on data protection issues in the field of ICT. It is aimed at… 06/11/2020 Read more about Mutual Learning Platform on Data Protection and Ethics in ICT Research and Innovation Data Oriented Services (DORIS) In its day-to-day work, the Commission is responsible for defining and implementing new policies, drawing up new legislation proposals, while conducting prior impact assessments, etc., in more than 30 different policy… 14/10/2020 Read more about Data Oriented Services (DORIS) European Rapid Alert system for dangerous… Please consult the new Safety Gate website on https://ec.europa.eu/safety-gateThe Rapid Exchange of Information System (RAPEX) is the EU rapid alert system for unsafe consumer products and consumer protection. RAPEX does… 12/10/2020 Read more about European Rapid Alert system for dangerous products (RAPEX) See more solutions "Introduction to Artificial Intelligence for… Welcome to our e-learning course. Click here to take the course on Europe Academy and enjoy the learning!! Interoperable Europe Academy is aiming to provide free of charge, high-quality online courses open to anyone. One… 29/01/2024 Read more about "Introduction to Artificial Intelligence for Public Service Interoperability" course DCAT Application Profile for High-Value… DCAT-AP for High-Value Datasets (HVD) is an annex for the DCAT Application Profile that is based on the Data Catalogue Vocabulary (DCAT) developed by W3C.DCAT-AP HVD offers users of DCAT-AP the possibility to adhere to… 23/01/2024 Read more about DCAT Application Profile for High-Value Datasets CAMSS Assessment of SCIM - EIF Scenario Assessment of SCIM with the Common Assessment Method for Standards and Specifications (CAMSS) 17/01/2024 Read more about CAMSS Assessment of SCIM - EIF Scenario Quba e-invoice viewer Quba is a offline viewer application for Peppol-, CII-, UBL-, XRechnung- and Factur-X/ZUGFeRD.It is open source, can also validate invoices and orders using "Mustangserver" when online and can be downloaded free of… 15/01/2024 Read more about Quba e-invoice viewer CAMSS Assessment of ISO/IEC 19941 - EIF… Assessment of ISO/IEC 19941 Cloud Computing Interoperability and Portability with the Common Assessment Method for Standards and Specifications (CAMSS) 09/01/2024 Read more about CAMSS Assessment of ISO/IEC 19941 - EIF Scenario Digital-ready Policymaking course Take the free course on the Interoperable Europe Academy now by clicking here: https://academy.europa.eu/courses/digital-ready-policymaking. The Interoperable Europe Academy aims to provide free-of-charge, high-quality… 30/11/2023 Read more about Digital-ready Policymaking course CAMSS Assessment of Verifiable Credentials -… Assessment of Verifiable Credentials with the Common Assesssment Method for Standards and Specifications (CAMSS) 28/11/2023 Read more about CAMSS Assessment of Verifiable Credentials - EIF Scenario Integrated public service governance (IPSG) The study summarises the work done over the course of this project and presents the main outcomes and findings. It aims to provide guidance and recommendations to public administrations developing and operating… 17/11/2023 Read more about Integrated public service governance (IPSG) The Sharing and Reuse Framework for IT… Developed in the context of European Union ISA programme, the Sharing and Reuse Framework for IT Solutions addresses EU, national, regional and local public administrations that aim at reducing costs, increasing their… 17/11/2023 Read more about The Sharing and Reuse Framework for IT Solutions (SRF) Service Model The CISE Network is a complex open computer network interfacing several EU countries, specifically, in the maritime data context. This network connects CISE nodes and legacy systems thought a special component called… 17/11/2023 Read more about Service Model CISE Data Models The use of CISE specifications and data models, helps to ensure that public administrations are taking into account relevant EU recommendations on standards and specifications in the maritime domain and are seeking to… 17/11/2023 Read more about CISE Data Models CISE node The CISE Node manages the communication protocol among participants, including the security, access control to the information and the reliability aspects. The CISE Node is a common block for all the partners connected… 17/11/2023 Read more about CISE node See more news CommuniCity organises 100 pilots in cities… CommuniCity is a transformative citizen-centred project funded by the European Commission under the Horizon Europe Programme. This initiative is aimed at enhancing community connectivity and fostering open innovation… 05/03/2024 Read more about CommuniCity organises 100 pilots in cities around Europe Call for Tenders: Develop an innovative… The CircularPSP initiative, funded by the European Union's Horizon Europe, has officially opened its calls. This initiative is aimed at advancing the circular economy through innovative pre-commercial procurement… 05/03/2024 Read more about Call for Tenders: Develop an innovative circular economy solution Upcoming Events March 2024 The Semantic Interoperability Community (SEMIC) organises several workshops and webinars on various topics impacted by interoperability challenges in 2024. Are you curious about the planning for the coming month? You can… 05/03/2024 Read more about Upcoming Events March 2024 AI in the Public Administration Discover the potential advantages of implementing AI in the public sector, and explore the essential factors for achieving success, including the reliability, quality, and accuracy of data input in AI systems from the… 04/03/2024 Read more about AI in the Public Administration Know everything about MIMs The mission of Open & Agile Smart Cities (OASC) is to build a market for solutions, services, and data based on the needs of cities and communities.To achieve this mission, OASC provides a set of practical capabilities… 04/03/2024 Read more about Know everything about MIMs Driving Innovation and Collaboration: In a recent GovTech4all Café session Nevena Manić from Serbia was welcomed to share insights into Serbia's GovTech program. Nevena's presence ignited enthusiasm as she expressed excitement at joining the GovTech4all… 04/03/2024 Read more about Driving Innovation and Collaboration: Attend a 30-minutes course on Artificial… Discover our new 30-minute e-learning course on Artificial Intelligence: an introduction to the fundamentals of AI for interoperable public services, covering the concept of Artificial Intelligence, the legal and policy… 01/03/2024 Read more about Attend a 30-minutes course on Artificial Intelligence SEMIC 2024 SEMIC is making a grand return on 27 June in Brussels, the heart of the European Union! The conference is co-organised by the European Commission in partnership with the Belgian Presidency of the Council of the European… 01/03/2024 Read more about SEMIC 2024 cConvert - Coordinate transformations from… This web tool has been developed to help both amateur and professional users in a wide range of geospatial applications from surveying and navigation to mapping and location-based services.ETRS89 to WGS84 transformations… 29/02/2024 Read more about cConvert - Coordinate transformations from Belgium NGI/IGN BDTI Data Analytics in Action We’re almost halfway through the BDTI Essentials online course, aiming to give data enthusiasts in the public sector and beyond an introduction to data analytics and the BDTI platform. Delivered through an interesting… 28/02/2024 Read more about BDTI Data Analytics in Action Call for proposals Innovative and Connected… The European Union has officially announced the Call for Proposal under the DIGITAL Europe Work Programme 2024, titled 'Innovative and Connected Public Administrations.' The initiative aims to pave the way for the… 29/02/2024 Read more about Call for proposals Innovative and Connected Public Administrations A proof of concept and so what? Can a methodology, or rather a practice, for creating digital public services through incubation be easily transposed from one Member State to the European Union, or at least inspire other Member States? The answer is… 29/02/2024 Read more about A proof of concept and so what? See more events Introductory webinar on MLDCAT-AP On 21 March 2024 from 10:00 until 11:30 CET the introductory webinar on MLDCAT-AP will be held.In the current semantic landscape there is a lack of semantic interoperability regarding assets related to machine learning… 21/03/2024 Read more about Introductory webinar on MLDCAT-AP Discover data.europa.eu: sneak peek at the… Did you know there is a place where all European data is available at your fingertips? Curious to know more about what it offers to you as a student, enterprise or public administration?To celebrate the Open Data Day… 08/03/2024 Read more about Discover data.europa.eu: sneak peek at the official portal for European data Save the Date: The SEMIC conference returns… Amai! Hé, bien! * In collaboration with the Belgian Presidency of the Council of the European Union, SEMIC, the European Commission’s Semantic Interoperability Conference is set to return on the 27th of June in Brussels… 27/06/2024 Read more about Save the Date: The SEMIC conference returns on the 27th of June! Dive Into Cybersecurity Standardisation On 5 March 2024, the “Cybersecurity Standardisation Conference 2024” will take place online and in-person in Brussels, Belgium. The event will delve into a rich spectrum of subjects through engaging talks. These… 05/03/2024 Read more about Dive Into Cybersecurity Standardisation Hackathon for Health and Wellness Crete 2024… The European Digital Innovation Hub for Digital Governance GR digiGOV-innoHUB, the Region of Crete, the Informatics & Communications Centre – ICC,, the University of Crete, the Th.E.A. (the Athens Startup Business… 20/04/2024 Read more about Hackathon for Health and Wellness Crete 2024 : 20-21 April 2024 Interoperable Europe Academy 2024 This event, co-organised by the European Commission and the University of KU Leuven, is a unique opportunity for public servants, policymakers, and students to deepen their understanding of the Interoperable Europe Act… 11/04/2024 Read more about Interoperable Europe Academy 2024 Towards the Single Digital Gateway 2.0 How can the Single Digital Gateway help unlock the full potential of the Single Market?Organised by the European Commission, under the patronage of the 2024 Belgian Presidency of the Council of the EU, this high-level… 19/03/2024 Read more about Towards the Single Digital Gateway 2.0 New business models for data-driven services On 1 March 2024, from 10:00 to 11:00 CET, our webinar on "New business models for data-driven services" is set to provide fresh insights into the utilisation of open data. The event, building on the data.europa.eu… 01/03/2024 Read more about New business models for data-driven services Interoperable Europe Academy 2024 now open… Registration for the Interoperable Europe Academy 2024, taking place at KU Leuven on 11-12 April, is now officially open! This event, co-organised by the European Commission and the University of KU Leuven, is a unique… 11/04/2024 Read more about Interoperable Europe Academy 2024 now open for registration! Open Source Camp for Kubernetes Join this year's Open Source Camp on Kubernetes to learn more about the modern use of Kubernetes and cloud-native solutions in companies. By participating in the camp, you will get a chance to delve into the fascinating… 18/04/2024 Read more about Open Source Camp for Kubernetes Second Working Group webinar on the revision… On 12 March 2024 from 10:00 until 12:00 CET the second Working Group webinar on the revision of GeoDCAT-AP will be held.GeoDCAT-AP is an extension of DCAT-AP for describing geospatial datasets. It provides an RDF syntax… 12/03/2024 Read more about Second Working Group webinar on the revision of GeoDCAT-AP IFIP EGOV-CeDEM-EPART Emerging Issues and… EGOV2024 – IFIP EGOV-CeDEM-EPART - one of the most recognized conference in e-Government, ICT and public administration and related topics is coming with variety of tracks, where "Emerging Issues and Innovations" Track… 01/09/2024 Read more about IFIP EGOV-CeDEM-EPART Emerging Issues and Innovations Track Video URL What's Joinup The Joinup platform is the European Commission's one-stop shop for interoperable, open, and free digital government ICT solutions and an online space for e-Government professionals and enthusiasts to share and learn about digital public services and initiatives. Joinup covers the hands-on aspects of interoperability. What's Interoperable Europe It’s the European Commission’s initiative for a reinforced interoperability policy showcasing news and events about government-related interoperability, along with initiatives and best practices that support the digitalisation of EU public administrations.Interoperable Europe covers the policy angle of interoperability. How to video Guided tour FAQ Joinup v1.102.2 Useful links About us What is Joinup Joinup Licensing Assistant EIF Toolbox About Interoperable Europe Help and support Take a tour Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Contact Joinup Support How-to & video tutorials Satisfaction survey Federation of solutions Legal notice Privacy statement Accessibility statement European Commission About the Commission's new web presence Resources for partners Cookies Contact European Commission Europa Analytics Follow us Newsletter subscription Joinup newsletter archive Twitter / X LinkedIn