Waffle House - Good Food Fast Skip to Content Good Food Fast.® Join Our Regulars Club and Get a Free Order of Hashbrowns! Sign Up Sign up for our regulars club Here. Home Find a Store Find a Location Clear Location Order Online Food Back to All Breakfast Nutritionals Lunch & Dinner Nutritionals Catering Beyond The Menu Full Nutritionals Back to All Careers Shop Back to All Gift Cards Merchandise Back to All More Regulars Club Newsroom Our Story Giving Back Museum Music Back to All Enter a location in the following form to Find the nearest Waffle House. Find a store near you! Food Careers Order Shop Order Online Welcome to Waffle House Slideshow of Waffle House interactions Good Afternoon! Slideshow controls, use the left and right arrow keys to navigate. Selected, first slide Selected, second slide Selected, third slide Selected, fourth slide Slider showcasing our Featured Menu Items 100% ANGUS BEEF – BACON ANGUS CHEESEBURGER DELUXE TRY OUR PECAN WAFFLE Blueberry Waffle! It’s back! ALL-STAR SPECIAl™: THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME Previous Slide Next Slide Breakfast Favorites All day, Every day, link to Breakfast Favorites Lunch & Dinner Favorites Smother Your Hunger, link to Lunch & Dinner Favorites Waffle Records As classic as our waffle. As sweet as our pie. Jukebox controls Click to play the sweet sounds of waffle house music Click to pause the sweet sounds of waffle house music Click to stop the sweet sounds of waffle house music Regulars Get The Best Perks For special offers, become a member of our Regulars Club. Using the form below. All form fields are required First Name Last Name Email Address Click to submit the form and Sign Up Follow Us on Instagram @wafflehouseofficial wafflehouseofficial View Mar 4 Open waffles might not solve all my problems, but ima eat them anyway. ... wafflehouseofficial View Feb 27 Open the house that built me: ... wafflehouseofficial View Feb 21 Open can we get a little commotion in the comments ... wafflehouseofficial View Feb 14 Open love is like a waffle, better when shared with the one you love most. 💛 #happyvalentinesday ... wafflehouseofficial View Feb 9 Open relationships come and go, but your Waffle House order is for life 🫶 ... wafflehouseofficial View Feb 7 Open when he knows your order by heart ... Follow on Instagram Social Media Needed for menu functionality Privacy Notice Contact FAQ Surplus Properties Website Accessibility Associate Login ©2024 WH Capital, L.L.C. ®™ All Waffle House trademarks are owned by WH Capital, L.L.C. and licensed to Waffle House, Inc.