News - CNET X Your GuideTo a Better Future Tech Money Home Wellness Home Internet Energy Deals Sleep Price Finder More Top News Stories Apple Fined $1.95B in Europe for Impeding Cheaper Music Streaming Options According to the European Commission, Apple's rules mean rivals such as Spotify can't tell you when cheaper subscriptions may be available outside of the iOS app. By Katie Collins Apple Updates MacBook Air With M3, Dual Monitor Support The upgraded 13- and 15-inch MacBook Airs get a processing bump, while the M2 Air sticks around at a lower price. They're available from March 8. By Scott Stein What Is IVF? Here's Why People Choose It and How It Works It's under the spotlight now, but in vitro fertilization is a health technology that's been around for decades. By Jessica Rendall AI and You: Gemini Flubs Are 'Unacceptable,' Musk Sues OpenAI Get up to speed on the rapidly evolving world of AI with our roundup of the week's developments. By Connie Guglielmo What Surprised Me in Apple's Vision Pro Store Demo Commentary: Apple's test drive experience not only entertains, it gives a sense of ownership. Here's what to expect if you get a demo. By Bridget Carey Apple Lays Out Security Plan for Third-Party App Stores on the iPhone The company explains its system for vetting apps installed from other app stores in the EU. By David Lumb Odysseus Lunar Lander Sent a Farewell Photo of Earth: Now What? There weren't any astronauts on this mission, but the effort will help them return. By Don Reisinger March Brings Tons of Streaming Fun, but You Don't Need Every Service You can watch March Madness without cable, and TV shows are on fire this month. By Kourtnee Jackson Latest Apple's Refreshed iPhone Cases and Apple Watch Band Come in Earthy Pastels With warmer weather comes Apple's midcycle case and band refresh for its 2023 phones and watches. By Melissa Perenson Colorado Solar Incentives: Tax Breaks, Rebates, Net Metering and More You may have an extra perk to encourage you to go solar in Colorado. By Jackie Lam Best Pizza Ovens for 2024, All Tested by Us With app delivery fees increasing, who wants to order pizza anymore? Make your own pizzas at home with the best backyard ovens to buy in 2024. By David Watsky IRS Direct File Is a Good Start for Free Federal Tax Filing, But It Needs to Expand Quickly The IRS is days away from concluding its multi-stage pilot for IRS Direct File, a free tax-filing program set to rival H&R Block and TurboTax. By Danni Santana When to Watch 'Mean Girls' on Paramount Plus The musical is about to premiere on the streaming service. By Meara Isenberg EU Slams Apple With $1.95B Fine for Blocking Cheaper Music Streaming Options Apple's rules mean rivals such as Spotify can't tell you when cheaper subscriptions may be available outside the iOS app, the European Commission says. By Katie Collins Best WordPress Hosting of 2024 Choose the best WordPress hosting option for you. We’ve compared prices, features, performance and support to help you make the right decision. By Zachary McAuliffe Best Wireless Earbuds of 2024 We've tested the best wireless earbuds on the market. CNET's reviewed top wireless earbuds from Apple, Beats, Bose, Samsung and more. By David Carnoy Best Flashlight for 2024 These are the best flashlights to pick up in 2024, because you never know when you may need one. By Bryan Adams Trader Joe's Chicken Soup Dumplings Recalled. Here's What You Need to Know The discount grocery announced a recall of more than 61,000 pounds of the popular frozen dim sum. By David Watsky Verizon Ups the Home Internet Ante with Free Nintendo Switch Offer New customers can also choose a $200 Target gift card or a Samsung Chromebook. By Don Reisinger Best Identity Theft Protection and Monitoring Services for 2024 If you suspect your identity may have been stolen, these identity theft protection services can help you. By David Gewirtz The 7 Best Plant-Based Chicken Nuggets, According to Vegetarians and Omnivores These nuggets don't contain chicken, but the best among them satisfy all the same. By Russell Holly This Xbox Looks Like SpongeBob SquarePants, and Microsoft's Only Making a Few Who lives in a game console under the sea? By Ian Sherr Best LastPass Alternative in 2024 Stop forgetting your passwords and start using Bitwarden, the best LastPass alternative for free. By James Bricknell See More Special Reports CNET Zero Everything you need to know about sustainability. Citizen Now Learn to better navigate our digital world. Mysteries of the Brain A dive into the infinite complexities. Making the Metaverse The next stage in the internet's evolution. Tech Enabled Creating independence for everyone. Your guideto a better future DealsReviewsBest ProductsGift GuideShopping ExtensionVideosSoftware Downloads About CNET Newsletters Sitemap Careers Cookie Settings Help Center Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information instagram youtube tiktok facebook x flipboard US France Germany Japan Korea © 2024 CNET, a Red Ventures company. All rights reserved.