Arthritis Foundation | Arthritis Support, Resources, Research & Advocacy Your Local Area Sign In Popular Search arthritis gout home ja Suggested Content Article Rx for Access Online resource that helps patients better understand health coverage options, choose the right coverage, manage the denial process and reduce health care costs. Article Do I Have Arthritis? Think you may have arthritis? Learn about the four most common warning signs. Article Gout Gout is an inflammatory type of arthritis that can come and go. ES About Arthritis Arthritis Types Explore Arthritis Types Axial Spondyloarthritis Gout Juvenile Arthritis Osteoarthritis Psoriatic Arthritis Rheumatoid Arthritis More About Arthritis Related Conditions Where It Hurts News & Stories Treatments Biologics & Biosimilars Complementary Therapies Drug Guide Joint Surgery Treatment Plan Clinical Trials Health & Wellness Patient Education E-books Find a Doctor Insurance Management Newly Diagnosed Podcasts Webinars Healthy Living Arthritis Pain Relief Ease of Use Products Eating Healthy Emotional Well-being Family Planning, Pregnancy & Parenting Long Covid & Arthritis Physical Activity Juvenile Arthritis Living with JA About Juvenile Arthritis Emotional Well-being JA Treatment Managing JA Pain Medical Decisions Nutrition Connections JA Camps JA Family Summit JA Power Packs Support for Families Research Our Focus Osteoarthritis Rheumatoid Arthritis Childhood Arthritis Workforce Development What We're Doing Clinical Trials Funding Opportunities Partnerships Publications Providers Our Issue Briefs Fellowships Joint Matters Newsletter Get Involved How to Help Advocacy Fundraising Partnership Volunteer Ways to Give Connections Connect Groups Events Helpline Jingle Bell Run Walk to Cure Arthritis Arthritis Foundation About Us Careers News & Stories Donate We Journey Together Arthritis hits everyone differently, and you don’t have to go it alone. The Arthritis Foundation is here for you. How We Help Let's Walk to Cure Arthritis Step up to support our community as we come together soon to walk for a cure and raise funds and awareness. Find a Nearby Event About Arthritis As the nation’s #1 cause of disability, arthritis affects nearly 60 million adults and hundreds of thousands of children. Over 100 types of arthritis and related conditions damage the joints and often other organs. We are Champions of Yes Connections & Empowerment We provide ways for you to take control of arthritis by connecting you with others who understand the challenges. Advocacy & Access With your help, we shape and influence health care policies and laws at both state and federal levels. Science & Research With your insights, we make sure effective arthritis treatments are being developed while also pursuing a cure. Hello, Quick Links Pain Resources Exercise Videos Newly Diagnosed Get Involved Find Your Community Arthritis Treatment The Doctor Is In Dr. Robin Dore improves the lives of people with arthritis every day as a rheumatologist — and as a volunteer. This Doc Rocks Resources for You We Are Here to Support You Reach Out to Our Helpline Contact our trained Helpline team to get answers to your questions about insurance, health care needs, treatment options, navigating the medical system and more. Contact Us Now Upcoming Webinars or Watch On-Demand Making Movement Joyful If exercise sounds like a chore, join us for this webinar. You’ll find out how movement can be whatever activities are fun, and you’ll start look forward to moving more! Register Today Latest Live Yes! With Arthritis Podcast Episode Debunking Arthritis Myths Hear some common — and uncommon — myths and misconceptions about arthritis, the harm they sometimes cause and the truth about them Listen Now Arthritis Tips Expert Advice Take control of arthritis with help from our experts. Arthritis can make your head spin. But don’t worry, we’ve got you covered. Get tips to help you take control and put your mind at ease. Get Tips Understanding Arthritis Learn what to expect from your disease, practical tips to help you manage it and other useful information. Osteoarthritis Rheumatoid Arthritis Psoriatic Arthritis Gout Axial Spondyloarthritis Juvenile Arthritis See All Arthritis Types News & Stories Major Legal Cases We’re Watching in 2024 The Arthritis Foundation monitors legal cases that could impact arthritis patient care. Learn More Dr. Elena Hsieh Receives RA Research Award Funding from Arthritis Foundation will help investigate rheumatoid arthritis prevention. Learn More Osteoarthritis Research: Weight Loss & Exercise Arthritis Foundation research award: Can weight loss and exercise prevent osteoarthritis? Learn More Dr. Michael George Receives RA Research Award Learn More Patient and Provider Groups Applaud HHS Decision to Drop Appeal of Court Ruling Decision to drop the appeal means the 2020 rule requiring copay assistance to count toward insurance deductibles and out-of-pocket limits now stands. Learn More Some Arthritis Meds Raise COVID Variant Risks Certain drugs used to treat autoimmune arthritis raise risks from the latest COVID surge. Learn More Stay in the Know. Live in the Yes. Get involved with the arthritis community. Tell us a little about yourself and, based on your interests, you’ll receive emails packed with the latest information and resources to live your best life and connect with others. Get Involved Find Your Yes Live Yes! Connect Groups Live Yes! Online Forum Local Office Fundraising Webinars Store Volunteer About About Us Annual Report Careers Code Of Ethics Financials News and Stories Privacy Notice Terms of Use Español Join Us Jingle Bell Run JA Camps Pathways Conference Living Well Events California Coast Classic Walk to Cure Arthritis Fundraise Your Way JA Family Summit Home Office 1355 Peachtree St NE Suite 600 Atlanta, GA 30309 Helpline: 1-800-283-7800 Contact Us Atlanta, GA 59° Arthritis Index At Risk See More Details Arthritis Foundation is a qualified 501(c)(3) EIN 58-1341679 I Want to Donate I Need Help