Chan Zuckerberg Initiative - Building a Future for Everyone About Us Our Approach Our Leadership Annual Letters Investing Our Endowment Ethics Policies & Guidelines What We Do Science Overview Our Values & Approach Programs Institutes Technology Meetings Funding Science Team Education Overview Whole Child Approach Impact Technology Well-Being Partners Community Overview Housing Affordability Economic Inclusion Community Fund Community Space How We Work Technology Overview Science Education Tech Careers Grants & Ventures Overview Grants Ventures Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Overview DEI at CZI Racial Equity Funding Capabilities & Resources Capacity Building Training Sessions Public Opinion & Survey Science Resources News & Stories Newsroom Stories Videos Media Gallery Careers Why CZI? Explore Roles Candidate Journey Working ReImagined Internship Program Read Our Blog About Us Our Approach Our Leadership Annual Letters Investing Our Endowment Ethics Policies & Guidelines What We Do Science Overview Our Values & Approach Programs Imaging Neurodegeneration Challenge Network Open Science Science in Society Single-Cell Biology Institutes Technology Meetings Funding Science Team Education Overview Whole Child Approach Impact Technology Well-Being Partners Community Overview Housing Affordability Economic Inclusion Community Fund Community Space How We Work Technology Overview Science Education Tech Careers Grants & Ventures Overview Grants Ventures Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Overview DEI at CZI Racial Equity Funding Capabilities & Resources Capacity Building Training Sessions Public Opinion & Survey Science Resources News & Stories Newsroom Stories Videos Media Gallery Careers Why CZI? Explore Roles Candidate Journey Working ReImagined Internship Program Search Read Our Blog Sign Up For Updates Building a Better Future for Everyone We’re on an ambitious mission to solve some of society’s toughest challenges — from eradicating disease to improving education and addressing the needs of our local communities. Get To Know Us Science CZI Announces Multi-Institutional Collaborations for Tech To Better Understand Cells Learn More Science Immune Cells See All. Can We Train Them To Tell All, Too? Learn More Education Along Wins 2024 Top EdTech Products Award Learn More Science & Technology CZI, Allen Institute, and University of Washington Launch Seattle Hub for Synthetic Biology Learn More CZI 2023 Annual Letter Building for This Moment Read More Education Unlocking Student Potential: New CZI Report Looks Back on 8 Years Learn More 1 / Building Innovative Technology Technology has the power to help us solve problems in new ways and drive faster progress on the issues that matter most. How We're Reimagining Philanthropy Science Using AI To Accelerate Biomedical Research Watch Video Education & Technology Unlocking Student Potential: CZI Looks Back on 8 Years Learn More 2023 Look Back 7 Memorable Moments & Learnings From Across Our Work Explore Story 1 / 3 Empowering Our Communities We work with partners in science, education, housing affordability and more to activate community-centered solutions. What We’re Focused On Science, Education, Community Meet 8 Change-Makers From Across CZI's Work Meet eight inspiring individuals from our community of change-makers working to build a better future for everyone. Explore Story Education Setting Students Up for Success Sandra Liu Huang, CZI’s head of education, interviews the newly appointed executive director of Gradient Learning about the organization’s work to support teachers and students. Read Story Community Growing the CZI Community Space San Mateo County Nonprofits along with Redwood City and San Mateo County government agencies will be eligible to host events or meetings in the Community Space free of charge. Learn More Collaborating With Diverse Partners We partner with a diverse array of experts across multiple disciplines to inform our work and promote change through a diversity, equity and inclusion lens. How We Do the Work Science Increasing Diversity in Genetic Counseling Read Story Science Increasing Indigenous, Latin American Representation in Genomics Research Explore Photo Story 1 / 2 WE ARE: Building Innovative Technology Technology has the power to help us solve problems in new ways and drive faster progress on the issues that matter most. How We're Reimagining Philanthropy Empowering Our Communities We work with partners in science, education, housing affordability and more to activate community-centered solutions. What We’re Focused On Collaborating With Diverse Partners We partner with a diverse array of experts across multiple disciplines to inform our work and promote change through a diversity, equity and inclusion lens. How We Do the Work For a More Inclusive, Just and Healthy Future. Sound like something you can get behind? We’re Hiring Watch Behind-The-Scenes Tour of a Lab Creating Innovative Imaging Tech Science 2:16 How CZI Is Using AI To Accelerate Biomedical Research Science 4:58 Introducing the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub Chicago Science 2:04 Chan Zuckerberg Biohub New York Will Build Technologies To Monitor Health and Eradicate Disease Science 2:35 Chan Zuckerberg Science to Build AI GPU Cluster to Model Cell Systems Science 1:08 CZI Engineer Accelerates Science With Open Source Tools Science 1:42 min How a CZI Infrastructure Engineer is Coding For a Better Future Technology 3:04 min Meet the Artists Featured in CZI’s Community Space Community 22:59 min Watch How We’re Building Technology That Transforms Classrooms Education 5:27 min Chan Zuckerberg Biohub Chicago To Build New Technology To Measure Human Biology and Study Inflammation Science 57 sec How Patients With Rare Diseases Are Accelerating Groundbreaking Research for Their Communities Science 5:38 min 2022 Annual Letter: A Community of Builders CZI 1:13 min Mapping the Road to Health Science 6:01 min Reimagine Science & Education Technology for a Better Future Technology 1:35 min 1 / 14 Behind-The-Scenes Tour of a Lab Creating Innovative Imaging Tech Join Professor and CZ Imaging Institute collaborator Holger Müller as he takes us behind the scenes of his lab, which is developing innovative imaging technology. How CZI Is Using AI To Accelerate Biomedical Research Together with our partners in the scientific community, CZI is building critical infrastructure and tools to apply AI to biology and bring us closer to earlier diagnoses and better treatments for disease. Introducing the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub Chicago The new CZ Biohub in Chicago, led by Shana O. Kelley, will create technologies to measure human biology and study inflammation to understand disease and discover new therapies. Chan Zuckerberg Biohub New York Will Build Technologies To Monitor Health and Eradicate Disease New research hub brings together leading institutions to engineer immune cells for early disease prevention, detection, and treatment. Chan Zuckerberg Science to Build AI GPU Cluster to Model Cell Systems New cluster will be one of the most powerful high-performance computing systems for non-profit life science research in the world. CZI Engineer Accelerates Science With Open Source Tools Meet Nathan Clack, a software engineer building and supporting software to make visualizing and analyzing complex imaging data easier. How a CZI Infrastructure Engineer is Coding For a Better Future Meet Allison Doami, a CZI software engineer committed to building the infrastructure to achieve our philanthropic goals. Read more. Meet the Artists Featured in CZI’s Community Space Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, Redwood City Parks and Arts Foundation Launch Annual Art Exhibit featuring 11 San Mateo County artists. Watch How We’re Building Technology That Transforms Classrooms Alongside educators and researchers, CZI is building technology to drive stronger teacher-student relationships and student engagement. Chan Zuckerberg Biohub Chicago To Build New Technology To Measure Human Biology and Study Inflammation The new CZ Biohub in Chicago will build technologies to understand how our cells function in human tissue and uncover how inflammation impacts them. How Patients With Rare Diseases Are Accelerating Groundbreaking Research for Their Communities CZI’s Rare As One Network grantees are driving scientific breakthroughs to fight for the lives of their loved ones. 2022 Annual Letter: A Community of Builders Together with our partners, we are a community of builders focused on eradicating disease, improving education, and addressing the needs of our local community. To learn more about CZI’s impact over the last 12 months, read our 2022 Annual Letter at czi.co/AnnualLetter. Mapping the Road to Health Go behind the scenes of Chan Zuckerberg CELL by GENE (CZ CELLxGENE), a groundbreaking tool helping scientists expand what we know about health and disease. Reimagine Science & Education Technology for a Better Future The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative is a unique philanthropy — building new technologies to accelerate progress in science and education. Careers We’re always looking for talented, driven individuals to join our mission. Come help us build a better future for everyone. Join Us Funding We invest in innovative companies developing transformative and scalable solutions to the issues at the heart of our mission. Learn more Resources See a variety of resources we have developed in partnership with experts in the field to help build a better future faster. Learn More Let's Connect Stay up-to-date on the latest news, stories and funding announcements from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. Sign Up for Updates Building A Better Future for Everyone Follow Us About Us Our Approach Our Leadership Annual Letter Investing our Endowment Ethics Policies and Guidelines Careers What We Do Science Education Community How We Work Technology Grants & Ventures Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Capabilities & Resources News & Stories Newsroom Stories Videos Media Gallery Follow Us © 2024 The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative | Privacy | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Sitemap We use cookies to help us improve the site and to inform our marketing and digital content efforts. If you choose ‘Don’t Enable,’ sites you’re logged into – like Facebook and Twitter – may still be able to identify you as a visitor to this site. Learn more. Don't Enable Accept