Press of Atlantic City | News | Read breaking news for Atlantic City, and the Atlantic County area of New Jersey. The latest weather, crime, politics, and more. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 43° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Sports High School Live Professional Betting Casino Local Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Music Movies & TV Comics Games & Puzzles Play Columns Lifestyle Contests People Travel Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Special Sections Press of Atlantic Archives Today's Ads Flavor Our Publications Flavor Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local Public Notices Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Manage my Events Contact Us Photo Submissions Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Jobs Entertainment Lifestyles 43° Rain St. Augustine Prep wins second straight ice hockey state title St. Augustine Prep pulled away in the third period and beat top-seeded Don Bosco Prep 10-6 on Monday to win its second straight state Non-Public ice hockey championship at Prudential Center in Newark. Oakcrest grad Keevon Berry reaches DIII wrestling tournament: Local college notebook Keevon Berry, an Oakcrest High School graduate, placed second at 197 pounds at the NCAA Division III Mideast Regionals in Rochester, New York, over the weekend. Berry went 3-1, winning two bouts by decision and another by forfeit. He dropped the final to forfeit. Somers Point bar to celebrate Jason Kelce Day on 6/2 A Somers Point bar jumped on news of longtime Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce's retirement Monday. State's striped bass season opens with some nice catches in South Jersey: Shep On Fishing It was a classic transitional weekend into March with mostly decent weather and mostly great fishing. Rabid raccoon found in Dennis Township The Cape May County Health Department has confirmed the first positive rabies case of the year, a raccoon collected from Woodbine Avenue on Friday in the Belleplain section of Dennis Township. Up to 4" of rain is likely this week | Your Monday night forecast Monday night will be the first of three storms that will impact the area through next weekend. Meteorologist Joe Martucci explains when the dry and wet times will be. Plus, he recaps a record breaking weekend. 4 local high school basketball teams continue quests for state titles this week Four local high school basketball teams won South Jersey titles last week. Egg Harbor City family seeks help recovering from fire An online fundraiser has been started for a family who lost their home in a fire Friday afternoon in Egg Harbor City. Wildwood to debut 2 new resorts this summer The redevelopment of two local properties is expected to be completed in time for the busy tourism season, the Greater Wildwoods Tourism Improvement and Development Authority said last week. How much are South Jersey districts receiving in school funding? The state Department of Education has released its school district funding for the 2024-25 school year. A New Jersey city that limited street parking hasn’t had a traffic death in 7 years Hoboken, New Jersey, recently marked seven consecutive years without a traffic death. Officials there credit their decision to take away some street parking, a change that increases visibility for motorists, cyclists and pedestrians. New Jersey waters down proposed referendum on new fossil fuel power plant ban New Jersey voters may get the chance in November to weigh in on whether new power plans that burn fossil fuels should be banned. But if they do, any ban would come with a big loophole that would still permit emergency backup plants that burn fossil fuels. Eagles center Jason Kelce retires after 13 NFL seasons and 1 Super Bowl ring PHILADELPHIA — Jason Kelce has retired after 13 seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles. Why Zack Wheeler's new contract extension is a Phillies-friendly deal Zack Wheeler arrived in Philadelphia in 2020 with the reputation of being a solid but injury-prone starting pitcher. Judge rejects Sen. Bob Menendez's claims that search warrants in bribery case were unconstitutional A federal judge has rejected U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez's claims that search warrants leading to corruption charges and the discovery of gold bars and cash at his New Jersey home were unconstitutional. Lawsuit to change primary ballot could force mistakes, Atlantic County clerk says It's too late in the election season to force 19 county clerks to change the format of primary ballots and would risk chaos and mistakes in a presidential year, Atlantic County Clerk Joe Giralo warned Monday. PHOTOS Cedar Creek grad, Rutgers star Max Melton at 2024 NFL combine From record rain Saturday to record warmth Sunday, it was a weekend to remember The ups and downs that spring weather brings to South Jersey were clear this weekend, as a day of record rainfall Saturday was followed by record warmth Sunday. Comedian Kevin James to perform at Hard Rock in September Comedian Kevin James will bring his "Owls Don't Walk Tour" to Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Atlantic City at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 14. Man accused of using 'ghost gun' to kill home invader released from jail An Upper Deerfield Township man who allegedly shot and killed a home invader before being arrested for possessing a "ghost gun" was released from the Cumberland County jail Friday pending trial. Atlantic City police welcome 3 new K-9 teams Three new K-9 teams joined the Police Department on Friday after graduating from the Atlantic County John "Sonny" Burke Police K-9 Academy, officials said Monday. Ocean City to spend nearly $11 million on Merion Park project Work could start soon on a major drainage improvement project in the Merion Park section of Ocean City, the second phase of a dramatic change to the low-lying area. The city and Cape May County plan an extensive project to reduce flooding, to include raising roads and new pumping stations. C… New wood, new look on the Wildwood Boardwalk Work is underway on the latest phases of the reconstruction of the Wildwood Boardwalk. City officials cite millions of dollars from the state as vital to making the project possible. Not long ago, Wildwood was raising alarms about a deteriorating structure. This week in NJ? Warm and wet. Joe Martucci has the Monday forecast Warm and wet will be the two ways to describe the forecast in New Jersey this week. Meteorologist Joe Martucci says we'll alternate between wet and dry days from Monday through Friday. Ryan Merlino and Sophia Curtis win MOC indoor track titles Sophia Curtis and Ryan Merlino were at their best when it mattered the most this high school indoor track and field season. EHT's Charles Schreiner, AC's James Haney win at Meet of Champions DEPTFORD TOWNSHIP — Charles Schreiner of Egg Harbor Township High School and James Haney of Atlantic City both scored thrilling victories Sunday at the finals of the State Individual Swimming Championships. Atlantic City's 3rd recreational marijuana dispensary to open Monday Legal Distribution will open at 3112 Atlantic Avenue, just blocks from the Stockton University campus and minutes from the Atlantic City's downbeach section. Ocean City Officials honor officers, firefighters, EMTs for heroic actions in 2023 Ocean City honored the lifesaving work of its first responders in a ceremony Wednesday, during which family members stood by the people officials described as heroes. Lower Township remembers officer 30 years after slaying Thirty years after his shooting death in the line of duty, Lower Township remembers David C. Douglass Sr. This year, a new documentary will explore his slaying and the man accused of shooting him will be eligible for parole. Wildwood posts request for new administrator On Wednesday, Wildwood posted a “Now Hiring” notice to its website and Facebook page "seeking a community oriented, dynamic leader with exceptional skills in communication to guide the day-to-day operations of the city as municipal administrator.” The Latest More record rain? It can happen today. | Joe Martucci's Tuesday daytime forecast The first of three storms will hit the Jersey Shore on Tuesday. Another storm Wednesday and then over the weekend will bring up to four inches of rain when all is said and done. Meteorologist Joe Martucci has the forecast. South Jersey homes for big families South Jersey homes with at least five bedrooms. Up to 4" of rain is likely this week | Joe Martucci's Monday night forecast Monday night will be the first of three storms that will impact the area through next weekend. Up to four inches of rain will be likely and flooding rain will threaten on Wednesday. Meteorologist Joe Martucci explains when the dry and wet times will be. Plus, he recaps a record breaking weekend. Historical homes you can own in the South Jersey area Here are some South Jersey homes with history that you might be able to call your own. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video More record rain? It can happen today. | Joe Martucci's Tuesday daytime forecast Up to 4" of rain is likely this week | Joe Martucci's Monday night forecast Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Sports Wildwood girls basketball playoffs Girls basketball playoffs Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Absegami freshman wrestler Lamiah Berry takes 3rd in state; 10 other local girls also earn medals ATLANTIC CITY — Absegami High School freshman wrestler Lamiah Berry was told before the season by her coaches that she was Atlantic City-bound. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Contributor Water bearer's wish list: 13 cosmically great gifts for the Aquarians in your life Contributor Content. Aquarius is a sign best known for marching to the beat of their own drum. Contributor Mastering online marketing: 9 strategies to engage, influence, and succeed Contributor Content. In the digital era, mastering online marketing is essential to find new customer bases and succeed in an increasingly competitive business landscape. Sponsored 15 best sites to buy Instagram followers in 2024 Provided content. Find the best sites for buying Instagram followers. Sponsored Elite Garage Door Repairs: Your neighborhood experts in New Jersey Content by Elite Garage Door Repairs. Elite Garage Door Repairs is committed to providing reliable garage door services tailored to your needs. Local Businesses Geico 2100 HIGHWAY 35 SOUTH, OAKHURST, NJ 07755 Groveland Cleaners 501 NEW ROAD, SOMERS POINT, NJ 08244 Dr. Paolini DR. PAOLINI, CAPE MAY COURT HOUSE, NJ 08210 Print Ads Legal DAMATO LAW FIRM Healthcare DR PAOLINI, L Other ADAMS PERFECT FUNERAL HOME-RETAIL Events Entertainment BORGATA/MGM RESORTS INT'L Real Estate BH REALTY - GALLOWAY Healthcare MIRACLE EAR - GEANEOTE Other CIRCLE LIQUORS Healthcare ATLANTICARE-ALOYSIUS, 1090225 Events Entertainment BORGATA/MGM RESORTS INT'L Healthcare CMC HEARING × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Instagram Sites & Partners Place An Ad Newsletters Contests All Access FAQ Join Our Team Public Notices Services Manage Subscription Contact Us Advertise Digital Marketing Photo Submissions Licensing © Copyright 2024 Press of Atlantic City , Cornerstone Building1201 New Road Suite 240 Linwood, NJ 08221 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe