PoliticusUSA -Independent Journalism Fighting For Democracy PoliticusUSA -Independent Journalism Fighting For Democracy A Fearless Appetite For Democracy Home Corrections Contact Us Privacy Policy Listen: Politicus POD Analysis: Politicus SUBSTACK Politicus Editorials About Us Jason Easley Tue, Mar 5th, 2024 Top Political Strategist Says Trump Is Getting Worse And Melting Down Jason Easley Tue, Mar 5th, 2024 Biden To Launch Strike Force To Go After Corporations That Illegally Hike Prices Jason Easley Tue, Mar 5th, 2024 Stephen Colbert Trashes The Supreme Court’s 14th Amendment Logic Jason Easley Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 Rachel Maddow Reminds America That People Not The Courts Will Save Democracy 0 Republicans Are Trying To Stop Biden From Delivering The State Of The Union Featured News, Joe Biden Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) said that Republicans are trying to stop President Biden from delivering the State Of The Union address. 0 Democrats Working On 14th Amendment Bill To Disqualify Insurrectionists Featured News, Jamie Raskin Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-MD) said that Democrats are working on a bill that would disqualify insurrectionists from holding federal office. 0 Cognitively Declining Trump Needs Teleprompter For 14th Amendment Remarks Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 Even chained to his teleprompter, Donald Trump couldn’t hold it together while reacting to the Supreme Court’s 14th Amendment ruling. 0 Trump’s 14th Amendment Supreme Court Win Isn’t A Big Deal Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 Trump got a 9-0 decision from the Supreme Court on the 14th Amendment question, but the ruling doesn’t take on whether Trump engaged in insurrection. Why Trump’s 14th Amendment Win Isn’t That Big Andrew Weissmann explained on MSNBC: One is the fact that it is unanimous in result. I think that makes it complicated for… 0 New Interview Shatters Questions About Biden’s Age Featured News, Joe Biden Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 In an interview with The New Yorker, President Biden reportedly didn’t bungle a name or a date, as his mind was described as the same as ever. 0 John Oliver Calls Out The SCOTUS Trump Immunity Conflict Of Interest Featured News Mon, Mar 4th, 2024 John Oliver called out the Supreme Court for having a serious conflict of interest in the Trump immunity case. 0 Vice President Kamala Harris Gets Real With Israel On Gaza Featured News, Kamala Harris Sun, Mar 3rd, 2024 Speaking in Alabama, Vice President Kamala Harris took a tougher tone with Israel, while calling for more aid into Gaza and an immediate ceasefire. Vice President Harris said in Selma, AL: Yesterday, the Department of Defense carried out its first airdrop of humanitarian assistance. And the United States will continue these airdrops, and we will… 0 Trump Promises To Harm Kids By Defunding Schools With Vaccine Mandates Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Mar 3rd, 2024 Donald Trump revealed a dangerous part of his agenda in Virginia, where he promised to strip federal funding from any schools that mandate vaccinations. 0 Trump’s Audience Goes Silent As He Forgets Who The President Is Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Mar 3rd, 2024 Trump once again forgot who the current president is during his campaign rallies before Super Tuesday. 0 Trump Melts Down And Demands He Not Be Prosecuted During The Election Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Mar 3rd, 2024 In a Sunday afternoon meltdown, Donald Trump demanded that Jack Smith stop his prosecution because the election is going on. 0 SNL Cold Open: You Can’t Mess With Joe Biden Featured News, Joe Biden Sun, Mar 3rd, 2024 SNL’s cold open featured Democrats, administration officials, and celebrities all touting the amazing physical feats of Joe Biden. 0 Speakers At Trump’s Virginia Rally Keep Disastrously Telling The Truth Donald Trump, Featured News Sat, Mar 2nd, 2024 Donald Trump’s warm-up acts for his rally in Virginia have at least twice told the truth about the former president’s record. 0 Jimmy Fallon Sneaks In A Melania’s Missing Joke On The Tonight Show Featured News, Melania Trump Sat, Mar 2nd, 2024 The Tonight Show did a bit about Trump having to sell his properties that included a Melania’s missing joke. 0 Tim Ryan Blasts The Supreme Court For Giving Trump Special Treatment Featured News, Tim Ryan Sat, Mar 2nd, 2024 Former Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OH) said that Trump is getting preferential treatment as the Supreme Court is sending the message that he is above the law. 0 James Comer Has Been On Hannity 3 Times Since Wednesday Trying To Clean Up His Hunter Biden Disaster Featured News, James Comer Sat, Mar 2nd, 2024 House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer (R-KY) has been on Hannity’s shows three times since Wednesday trying to clean up his failed Hunter Biden deposition. 0 As Trump Is Going Broke, Biden Is Stockpiling Cash Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 The presidential election is going to be close and it might be decided by Biden having money while Trump is going broke. 0 Biden Announces US Will Air Drop Humanitarian Aid In Gaza Featured News, Joe Biden Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 President Biden announced that the US will be air dropping aid to the starving citizens of Gaza in the coming days. 0 Jack Smith Drops Bad News On Trump At Classified Docs Hearing Donald Trump, Featured News Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 The DOJ said at the latest hearing on the Trump classified documents case that they have no limitation that would prevent them from trying Trump during the election. 0 E. Jean Carroll Wants Her Money And Trump’s Got 1 Week To Pay Donald Trump, Featured News Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 In a new court filing, E. Jean Carroll argued against Trump’s requested stay of the $83.3 million judgment. Trump has one week to pay. 0 Trump’s Cognitive Test Brag Is Really Mental Decline Admission Donald Trump, Featured News Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 Donald Trump is arguing that a cognitive screening test where he identifies animals is very tough. 0 Stephen Colbert Rips The Supreme Court For Trump Immunity Delay Featured News Fri, Mar 1st, 2024 The Late Show’s Stephen Colbert said that the Supreme Court has caused 19 weeks of delays in Trump’s 1/6 federal trial. 0 Biden Trounces Trump On His Own Issue At The Border Featured News, Joe Biden Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 The border was supposed to be Donald Trump’s issue, but President Biden went to the border and outsmarted him. 0 Trump’s Border Speech Claims Called Made Up Nonsense On CNN Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Trump’s speech on the border was such an incoherent, lie-filled disaster that CNN only carried a few minutes and had to cut it off to fact-check. 0 Lauren Boebert’s Likely Democratic Opponent Vows To Kick Her Out Of Congress Featured News, Lauren Boebert Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Rep. Lauren Boebert (R-CO) is facing a new ad from her likely Democratic challenger Ike McCorkle vowed to kick her out of Washington. 0 Trump Walks Away When Asked If He Has Any Legislation For Border Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Reporters asked Donald Trump if he had any legislative ideas for the border, and he answered by walking away. 0 Residents Tell Trump He Is Not Welcome On The Border Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Border residents held a press conference to say that Donald Trump is hurting them and that he is not welcome on the border. 0 Jim Jordan Refuses To Investigate Jared Kushner Taking Saudi Cash Featured News, Jim Jordan Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) refused to investigate Jared Kushner taking billions of dollars from Saudi Arabia immediately after leaving the White House. 0 Stephen Colbert Hammers The Media For Ignoring Russian Asset Republicans Featured News Thu, Feb 29th, 2024 Stephen Colbert called out the media for mostly ignoring the fact that House Republicans are basing their Biden impeachment on Russian disinformation. 0 Illinois Kicks Insurrectionist Trump Off The Ballot Donald Trump, Featured News Wed, Feb 28th, 2024 A judge has ordered that Donald Trump be removed from the ballot in Illinois and that none of the votes he gathers be counted due to his participation in the 1/6 insurrection. 0 Supreme Court Shows How Corrupt It Is By Hearing Trump Immunity Claim Donald Trump, Featured News Wed, Feb 28th, 2024 There is no reason for the Supreme Court to hear Trump’s immunity claim. Four probably conservative justices how deep their corruption runs. 0 Judge Rules Trump Must Pay $454 Million Fraud Bond Donald Trump, Featured News Wed, Feb 28th, 2024 Trump has lost his appeal as a judge has ruled that he must come up with $454 million to post bond to appeal the fraud judgment against him. 0 Trump Admits That He Doesn’t Have The Money To Post Fraud Bond Donald Trump, Featured News Wed, Feb 28th, 2024 In a new court filing, Trump’s lawyers admitted that he was willing to post a $100 million bond, but he doesn’t have the money to post the full $454 million bond. 0 House Republicans Are Humiliating Themselves Questioning Hunter Biden Biden Impeachment, Featured News, James Comer Wed, Feb 28th, 2024 House Republicans are embarrassing themselves while trying to dig up dirt on Joe Biden as they question Hunter Biden. 0 Biden Is Getting 80% Of The Vote In Michigan But The New York Times Praises Trump Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 President Joe Biden demonstrated that he is the stronger general election candidate, but The New York Times is praising Trump. 0 James Comer Is Now Throwing Chuck Grassley Under The Bus As Biden Impeachment Implodes Biden Impeachment, Featured News, James Comer Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer is now throwing Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) under the bus as Biden impeachment crumbles. 0 Trump’s Effort To Get Fani Willis Disqualified Falls Apart Featured News Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 The effort by Trump and his allies to get Fani Willis tossed off of the RICO case has fallen apart at the latest hearing. 0 Former Prime Minister Describes “Creepy” Trump Being In Awe Of Putin Donald Trump, Featured News, Sarah Jones Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 “When you see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he’s like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team. ‘My hero!’ It’s really creepy,” Turnbull said on Australia’s ABC News Q+A. 5 President Biden Enrages Critics by Holding Ice Cream While Answering a Question about Ceasefire Deal Featured News, Joe Biden, Sarah Jones Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 Believe it or not, conservatives and Republicans are enraged that: President Joe Biden would eat ice cream. 3 Jim Jordan Accused Of Conspiring With Putin On Election Interference Featured News, Jim Jordan Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 Rep. Dan Goldman (D-NY) had accused Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) of conspiring with Putin to interfere in the presidential election. 3 Joe Biden Brings Dark Brandon To Late Night With Seth Meyers Featured News, Joe Biden Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 President Biden made an appearance on Late Night with Seth Meyers, and so did Dark Brandon, who addressed the Taylor Swift conspiracies. 4 Stephen Colbert Takes Down Fake Christian Trump Featured News Tue, Feb 27th, 2024 Stephen Colbert turned Trump speaking to a group of Christians into a sir story involving crosses and demons. 4 Did Jon Stewart Just Come Up With A Solution To Israel-Palestine? Featured News Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 Trying to get comedy out of Israel’s bombing of Gaza is a tall task, but behind the jokes, Jon Stewart offered a common-sense solution for the Israel-Palestine conflict. 3 According To Rachel Maddow, This Should Be The Election Message For Democrats Featured News Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 Rachel Maddow laid out a simple election message that presents a clear contrast with Republicans who operate on a different planet than most of the nation. 2 Jim Jordan Gets Totally Desperate To Save Biden Impeachment Biden Impeachment, Featured News Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 Like his bid to be the Speaker of the House, everyone knows that Biden impeachment is dead except Jim Jordan. 2 Criminal Case Gets Real As Alvin Bragg Requests Trump Gag Order Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg is preparing to criminally put Donald Trump on trial by requesting a limited gag order on the former president. 5 Trump And The GOP Are Scamming The Elderly And Dementia Patients Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 Trump and the GOP’s chosen fundraising platform, WinRed, is taking advantage of the elderly and, in some cases, people with dementia by signing them up for monthly recurring donations. 2 Senate Likely To Trash Mayorkas Impeachment And Not Hold A Trial Featured News, U.S. Senate Mon, Feb 26th, 2024 The Senate is likely going to not waste time and bypass an impeachment trial for DHS Secretary Mayorkas. 3 Democrats Push Reality as Republicans Try to Gaslight Country About IVF Featured News, Tammy Duckworth Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 Democrats are not just sitting by as Republicans try to gaslight Americans about the inevitable consequences of their anti-abortion laws. 2 Biden Slams Trump For Rooting Against America In New Video Featured News, Joe Biden Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 President Biden is out with a new video where he decodes Trump and shows the former president rooting against America. 1 Jake Sullivan Tells Fox News: Bill House GOP Are Ignoring Helps U.S. Troops Protect Americans Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 The Biden administration’s National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan took to Fox News to tell their viewers that actually, that National Security Supplemental they are so against helps American troops protect Americans from our adversaries. 2 Jim Jordan Shows That He’s Putin’s Useful Idiot Featured News, Jim Jordan Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 House Judiciary Committee Chair Jim Jordan dismissed every element of Russia trying to interfere in elections and showed that he is willing to buy anything Putin is selling. 3 Trump Branding Complete: CPAC Welcomes Nazis Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 Donald Trump has been a keynote speaker at CPAC since 2017, and increasingly since then it has modeled itself in his image. That transformation seems almost complete as during 2024 CPAC, Nazis were welcomed. 1 Gavin Newsom Smashes Kirsten Welker’s Ageist Attack On Biden Featured News, Joe Biden Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 Kristen Welker asked Gavin Newsom if it is responsible for Democrats to put Biden at the top of the ticket, and Newsom rejected her complete premise. 3 Gov. Gretchen Whitmer Devastates Republicans With IVF Answer Featured News Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 Gov. Gretchen Whitmer (D-MI) delivered a devastating answer to Republicans when asked about IVF and reproductive rights. 3 RNC Members Are Trying To Stop Trump From Robbing Them Donald Trump, Featured News Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 Some members of the RNC are pushing for a vote on a resolution that would ban them from paying Trump’s legal bills. 2 SNL Skewers Cowardly Republicans In Congress For Sucking Up To Trump Featured News Sun, Feb 25th, 2024 SNL took on Republicans in Congress for being terrified of and constantly sucking up to former president Donald Trump. 3 Nikki Haley Has Done Immense Damage To Trump In South Carolina Featured News, Nikki Haley Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 The myth of Trump’s strength as a candidate is taking another hit in South Carolina, as Nikki Haley’s continued presence is showing Trump’s weakness. 3 Trump Uses Notecards In South Carolina To Remember The Names Of His Kids Donald Trump, Featured News Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 Some troubling signs in South Carolina as Trump had to read the names of his family to thank them and still forgot Eric and Lara Trump. 1 Trump Endorses Biden In Massive CPAC Gaffe Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 Trump, at one point, was trying to criticize Biden at CPAC when he ended up saying that he would rather see Biden as president. 2 Trump’s Teleprompter Speech Flops And Bores CPAC Donald Trump, Featured News Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 Trump was chained to his teleprompter and has been met with disinterest and mostly muted applause even from his adoring audience at CPAC. 66 There Were A Whole Lot Of White People At Trump’s Black Conservative Forum Speech Donald Trump, Featured News Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 Donald Trump spoke to the Black Conservative Forum recently, but a video of the audience shows a whole lot of white people. 0 House Republicans Refused To Quickly Seat Tom Suozzi Featured News Sat, Feb 24th, 2024 Democrat Tom Suozzi won a special House election to replace George Santos, but House Republicans have refused to seat him quickly. 1 Trump Confused His Words And Slurred His Speech At South Carolina Rally Donald Trump, Featured News Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 Another campaign stop means more cognitive red flags for Donald Trump as the former president confused the words later and lady and slurred his speech in South Carolina. 2 First New York Took Down Trump, Now They Got The NRA Featured News Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 New York Attorney General Letitia James won her other big case on Friday as the NRA and Wayne LaPierre were found liable for corruption in civil court. 4 Marjorie Taylor Greene Has A Pornographic Slip Up While Saying Trump’s Name Donald Trump, Featured News, Marjorie Taylor Greene Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) was talking about how excited the crowd in South Carolina was to see Trump when she called him President Come. 2 Even Trump Is Terrified Of Alabama IVF Ban Blowback Donald Trump, Featured News Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 Trump posted a statement calling on the state legislature to reverse the Alabama IVF ban, as Republicans are reeling from the blowback. 0 Republicans Are Using Impeachment Inquiry to Launder Foreign Disinformation Featured News, James Comer, Sarah Jones Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 Rep. Jerry Nadler asked AG Garland to investigate former U.S. Attorney Scott Brady as he appears “to have been part of a deliberate attempt to launder foreign disinformation through the DOJ.” 2 Biden Deepfake Robocall Traced Back To Dean Phillips Consultant Featured News Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 A consultant working for the Dean Phillips campaign has been identified as the source behind a deepfake robocall of President Biden during the New Hampshire primary. 0 Impeachment Collapses As 30 House Republicans Oppose Impeaching Biden Biden Impeachment, Featured News Fri, Feb 23rd, 2024 The House Republican push to impeach President Biden appears dead, as at least 30 Republicans oppose impeaching the president. 2 Swing State Republican Parties Are In Disarray Under Trump Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 Republicans have a crisis in their swing state parties that are in disarray and critical to the 2024 election. 2 House Democrats To Move To Force Vote On Ukraine Aid Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-NJ) has announced that House Democrats will be introducing a discharge petition to force a vote on Ukraine aid. 2 Trump Gets Closer To Cash Apocalypse As Judge Signs $355 Million Fraud Judgment Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 Trump is trying to stay enforcement, but the judge has signed the $355 million fraud judgment against the former president. 3 James Comer Erases Bribery Evidence From Impeachment Website Biden Impeachment, Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer (R-KY) has erased the supposed evidence of Biden bribery from the impeachment investigation website. 2 Lawrence O’Donnell Destroys The Argument That Biden Should Step Aside Featured News, Joe Biden Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 MSNBC’s Lawrence O’Donnell wrecked the argument coming from some circles that President Joe Biden should step aside as the Democratic nominee. 3 Lara Trump Admits She’s Going To Bleed The RNC Dry For Trump Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 Lara Trump suggested that she needs to take a look at the rules, but as RNC co-chair, she wants to pick up Donald Trump’s legal bills and make him the sole financial focus of the party. 2 Jimmy Kimmel Crushes Trump With A Grab Him By The Assets Joke Donald Trump, Featured News Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 Jimmy Kimmel hit Trump with a great joke as he said Attorney General Letitia James is going to grab him by the New York assets. 0 Biden Suggests That Trump Should Be Committed Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Thu, Feb 22nd, 2024 President Biden responded to Trump’s claim that his $355 million fraud fine is a form of “Navalny” by suggesting that the former president is crazy and should be committed. 3 Jim Jordan Goes Dumpster Diving To Try To Save Biden Impeachment Biden Impeachment, Featured News, Jim Jordan Wed, Feb 21st, 2024 Biden impeachment looks dead, but that didn’t stop Rep. Jim Jordan from trying to save the effort to impeach President Biden. 1 Jamie Raskin Declares Biden Impeachment Over Biden Impeachment, Featured News, Jamie Raskin Wed, Feb 21st, 2024 House Oversight Committee Ranking Member Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-MD) said that Biden impeachment is over and it is time for Republicans to fold up the tent and go home. 1 WH Reads House Republicans the Riot Act for Being on Vacation As They Harm National Security Featured News, Sarah Jones Wed, Feb 21st, 2024 Deputy Press Secretary and Senior Communications Adviser Andrew Bates read House Republicans the riot act for being on their 6th day of vacation while harming national security, saying the damage from their two week vacation mounts by the day. 1 Biden Forgives $1.2 Billion In Student Loans As GOP Plots To Kill The Program Featured News, Joe Biden Wed, Feb 21st, 2024 The Biden administration announced that President Biden will forgive another $1.2 billion in student loans, while Republicans plot to get rid of the program. 4 Jimmy Kimmel Reacts To George Santos Suing Him For Fraud Featured News Wed, Feb 21st, 2024 Former Rep. George Santos is suing Jimmy Kimmel for fraud over some Cameo videos and Kimmel was ready with a response. 3 Trump Held A Fox News Town Hall And It Was A Disaster Donald Trump, Featured News Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 During a Fox News town hall with Laura Ingraham, Trump was tossed a softball about Navalny and he disastrously self-destructed. 3 If Trump Doesn’t Pay Up, Letitia James Is Coming For His Assets Donald Trump, Featured News Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 New York Attorney General Letitia James said that she is prepared to seize Trump’s assets if he doesn’t pay the nearly $355 million fine and $100 million in interest that he owes. 4 James Comer And Jim Jordan Were Duped By Russian Spies Biden Impeachment, Featured News Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 The charging document for Alexander Smirnov blows the Biden impeachment investigation to pieces and shows that Russian spies duped Reps. James Comer and Jim Jordan. 2 Lara Trump Admits The Trump Family Will Be Running The RNC Featured News Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 While appearing on a radio show, Lara Trump said her family will be running the Republican Party when she is elected co-chair. 2 Biden Directs Campaign To Highlight Trump’s “Crazy Sh-t” Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 President Biden instructed his presidential campaign to start highlighting the “crazy sh-t” that Trump is saying in public. 3 NSA Jake Sullivan Sounds Alarm: Aid to Ukraine is Needed for U.S. National Security Interests Featured News, Original, Sarah Jones Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 After Speaker Johnson (R-LA) sent the U.S. House on a two week vacation without passing needed aid to Ukraine, the White House held a call to make the case for how urgent the need is, pointing to the fact that the bill advances America’s core national security interest. 3 Nikki Haley Drives Trump Insane By Holding Event To Announce She’s Not Dropping Out Donald Trump, Featured News, Nikki Haley Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 Nikki Haley held a state of the race event in South Carolina to announce to reporters that she’s not dropping out until she is eliminated. 1 Houston Chronicle Endorses Biden Citing His Experience and Remarkable Performance Featured News, Joe Biden, Sarah Jones Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 The Houston Chronicle Editorial Board is endorsing President Joe Biden, citing the leadership “of the oldest and arguably the most experienced president in American history.” 3 Republicans Want Democrats To Save Mike Johnson’s Job In Exchange For Ukraine Aid Featured News, Mike Johnson Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 Speaker Mike Johnson may put the Ukraine aid bill on the House floor, but only if Democrats help to save his job when Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene tries to fire him. 3 Jon Stewart Gets Defensive About His Bothsidesism Then Smashes Tucker Carlson Featured News Tue, Feb 20th, 2024 Jon Stewart addressed the backlash to his bothsidesism about Biden and Trump by getting defensive and then seemed to try to appease his audience by going after Tucker Carlson. 3 Trump Doesn’t Have The Sneakers That He Is Selling Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 Former President Trump is hawking Trump sneakers, but the fine print on the website says Trump doesn’t actually have the shoes. 35 New York Times Publisher Promises To Keep Attacking Biden Featured News, Joe Biden Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 New York Times publisher A.G. Sulzberger said on Monday that the newspaper will continue to attack President Joe Biden for his age. 4 Fox News Is Livid After Trump Is Named The Worst President Donald Trump, Featured News, Fox News Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 Fox News is not taking the news that Trump was named the worst president in US history well at all. 2 Trump Disastrously Compares Himself To Navalny Donald Trump, Featured News Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 Donald Trump’s only thought after the death of Alexei Navalny at the hands of Putin was about himself. 2 House Republicans Reeling As Trump Worship Guts Majority Featured News, U.S. House of Representatives Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 A wave of high-profile retirements has left House Republicans reeling and shocked as members decide to walk away instead of worship Trump. 2 Biden-Harris WH Takes on China and Protect U.S. National Defense Featured News, Joe Biden Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris have come up with a way to take on China and protect our national security while also creating 10,000 good paying jobs, many of which will be union jobs. 3 John Oliver Offers Clarence Thomas $1 Million A Year To Resign Featured News, U.S. Supreme Court Mon, Feb 19th, 2024 Last Week Tonight’s John Oliver detailed the corruption of Clarence Thomas and offered him $1 million a year for the rest of his life to resign from the Supreme Court. 6 Trump Ranked The Worst President In History By Experts Donald Trump, Featured News, Joe Biden Sun, Feb 18th, 2024 Presidential scholars ranked Joe Biden 14th while Donald Trump was dead last in a new survey ranking the presidents. The Deliberate Attempt to Humiliate Fani Willis with Racist Stereotypes Sarah Jones Sun, Feb 18th, 2024 The following is an opinion piece by PoliticusUSA’s Editor-in-Chief Sarah Jones. The hearing into Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis has been conducted in a way that is very familiar to women in power and even more so to women of color: It has been focused on humiliating her by delving into her romantic life to portray her in a manner consistent with a racist stereotype of Black women as a Jezebel, with a focus that has nothing to do with the Trump RICO case. This tactic is not new and it is sadly familiar to women. While it is a frequent scheme by Trump throughout his life, it is not specific to him. Rather, Trump’s misogyny and misogynoir merely exploits existing bias in our culture. They dragged Special Counsel Nathan Wade in to be questioned intensely about his since ended relationship with the Fulton County DA. Harry Litman pointed to these questions, like “When did you first sleep with her?” as “tawdry.” It can be argued in good faith that this relationship needed to be addressed. It can be argued that it wasn’t great for Willis to engage in a relationship with the Special Counsel. It can also be argued and is a fact that work relationships should be disclosed to superiors. But it cannot be argued in good faith that questions about when he first slept with her are relevant. These were asked to suggest a sexual scandal should compel more attention than the actual charges against Donald Trump of election interference. The only pertinent matter that could have disqualified her would have been if kickbacks were involved, but her testimony dispelled any such accusations. To that issue, Willis was interrogated about a dinner paid for by Wade by the same people defending Supreme Court Clarence Thomas’ wildly corrupt grift, including 38 undisclosed trips billionaires paid for by billionaires some with cases in front of the court. Just one of those trips is estimated to have potentially exceeded $500,000. The DA rightfully pointed out that she is not on trial, as she was being treated like her relationship was more concerning to the public than the actual defendants’ attempt to steal an election and overturn U.S. democracy. An absurd but often successful gambit when aimed at a woman with power and especially a Black woman. “You’ve been intrusive into people’s personal lives. You’re confused. You think I’m on trial,” Willis testified. “These people are on trial for trying to steal an election in 2020. I’m not on trial, no matter how hard you try to put me on trial.” Watch: Willis: You’re confused, you think I’m on trial, these people are on trial for stealing an election in 2020. I’m not on trial. pic.twitter.com/YgARkEgJB6 — Acyn (@Acyn) February 15, 2024 The online discussion surrounding Fani Willis during her testimony became about her romantic life, with pundits fretting about how “aggressive” she was, and how she was unprofessional by doing something men in power have been doing seemingly forever. That is to say, most people fell for it. They fell into it. They were easily baited into commenting on how even though this had nothing to do with anything, it didn’t reflect well on her (‘it’ being acting like a white man with power). White, conservative women in Congress are allowed to grope their partner in public and have rampant rumors about their extra-marital affairs, and yet they are championed by some of the same people calling Fani Willis a “Jezebel.” A partisan divide in standards for women is accepted in our culture, primarily because Republican women are working to uphold the patriarchy. (See then V.P candidate Sarah Palin’s hacked emails which gatekeepers said would be not decent to report on; contrast with Hillary Clinton’s campaign’s hacked emails which the press feasted on.) They are not, say, Black women holding Donald Trump (ultimate representative of unearned entitlement of white men) to account for his attempt to steal an election or for massive fraud against the state of New York. Donald Trump is the embodiment of white patriarchy trying to hold onto power by any means, and so it’s hardly a surprise that he is followed by people who easily buy into hateful tropes about people they don’t think should even be “allowed” to have power. But it’s not just the MAGA crowd who buy into these harmful stereotypes; but rather our whole culture. This isn’t to suggest that Willis was smart to engage in a relationship with the Special Counsel; but rather that the point of raising it in the sexual manner it was raised was to inject a very specific portrayal of her, one that is usually successful. Revenge porn is weaponized against women because it is effective (see former Rep. Katie Hill, who was driven from office by it). It humiliates and denigrates a woman in the eyes of the public, in a manner it would not if it were a man. Men are entitled to be sexual and to make mistakes, women are not and women of color are doubly not. I pointed out during the hearing that this humiliation was a purposeful effort meant to intimidate her. The sexualization of a woman in power immediately turns her into an object of male gaze, removing her authority in the eyes of the uninitiated public. For Black women, this comes with an even more powerful connotation meant to strip them of command. “The portrayal of black women as lascivious by nature is an enduring stereotype…This depiction of black women is signified by the name Jezebel,” the Jim Crow Museum explains in The Jezebel Stereotype. Just how dangerous is the Jezebel stereotype? It was used to justify the rape of Black women slaves. Or rather, to claim that rape didn’t even exist because all Black women wanted relations with white men. It’s also the dominant image of Black women in our culture; when given the current state of affairs, the dominant image of Black women in our culture should be that of a heroine saving democracy. “The Jezebel has replaced the Mammy as the dominant image of black women in American popular culture. The black woman as prostitute, for example, is a staple in mainstream movies, especially those with urban settings. The black prostitute and the black pimp supposedly give these movies cutting edge realism… A half century after the American civil rights movement, it is increasingly easy to find black women, especially young ones, depicted as Jezebels whose only value is as sexual commodities.” Remember, if she is a sexual object, she is less than. She is without power. Here’s Trump in August of 2023 already deploying this tactic against Willis: Trump claims Fani Willis is racist against white people like him and spreads rumors about her sex life pic.twitter.com/DJu4XWCang — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) August 8, 2023 Why is he going for her sex life? Because it works. It’s not just Willis. Southern Baptist Convention pastors started calling Vice President Kamala Harris a Jezebel two days after she took office.But one example is a pastor tweeting and telling on himself: “I can’t imagine any truly God-fearing Israelite who would’ve wanted their daughters to view Jezebel as an inspirational role model because she was a woman in power.” Lisa Sharon Harper is quoted in Religion News explaining that the Jezebel trope is specifically a window into the beliefs of white Southern men, and since this attack is being waged on Willis in Georgia, this is even more impactful. “They legitimize their own racist, white supremacist worldview by placing it on top of a biblical reference,” Harper said. “This could be a way of white men trying to put Black women back in their place, which is under them.” Putting a Black woman in her “place”, which is under the white man. Pennsylvania Attorney General candidate Keir Bradford-Grey, who if elected would be the first woman of color to ever serve in statewide executive office in the state and has more than 20 years experience as a state and federal defender, told the Associated Press that the questions probing Willis’ personal life in the investigation were “disgusting” and had disturbing implications for Black women in leadership roles, adding, “I can’t imagine a world where we have to continue to be treated like this as we seek leadership roles, and we do them well.” This is not to suggest that when a woman fails to do her job properly she should not be held accountable. But when attempts are made to sexualize women in positions of power, and it happens so reliably it might not be something you’ve even thought about before, we all need to be better than we have been taught to be. When the focus is not on her job performance, but rather as a sexual being (i.e., does she meet male approval in her looks, does she present as feminine enough or is she “shrill”, who has she slept with and how can that be used to demean her, why has her husband “left her”, etc.) her power is being attacked through cultural misogyny. Fani Willis is a powerful woman who is doing her job to hold to account a former president known for intimidation and harassment. When Black women are being dragged down into this established Jezebel stereotype, we need to see it for what it is, call it out, and deny it the power it seeks. Recent Posts Top Political Strategist Says Trump Is Getting Worse And Melting Down Biden To Launch Strike Force To Go After Corporations That Illegally Hike Prices Stephen Colbert Trashes The Supreme Court’s 14th Amendment Logic Rachel Maddow Reminds America That People Not The Courts Will Save Democracy Republicans Are Trying To Stop Biden From Delivering The State Of The Union Democrats Working On 14th Amendment Bill To Disqualify Insurrectionists Cognitively Declining Trump Needs Teleprompter For 14th Amendment Remarks Trump’s 14th Amendment Supreme Court Win Isn’t A Big Deal Trump’s Campaign Is Trying To Hide His Cognitive Decline New Interview Shatters Questions About Biden’s Age John Oliver Calls Out The SCOTUS Trump Immunity Conflict Of Interest Vice President Kamala Harris Gets Real With Israel On Gaza Trump Promises To Harm Kids By Defunding Schools With Vaccine Mandates Trump’s Audience Goes Silent As He Forgets Who The President Is Trump Melts Down And Demands He Not Be Prosecuted During The Election SNL Cold Open: You Can’t Mess With Joe Biden Speakers At Trump’s Virginia Rally Keep Disastrously Telling The Truth Jimmy Fallon Sneaks In A Melania’s Missing Joke On The Tonight Show Tim Ryan Blasts The Supreme Court For Giving Trump Special Treatment James Comer Has Been On Hannity 3 Times Since Wednesday Trying To Clean Up His Hunter Biden Disaster Copyright: PoliticusUSA LLC 2008-2023 https://youtu.be/CcXHciGJr7o Subscribe Copyright PoliticusUSA LLC 2008-2023